If a conservative frat party and a gastro pub got a bit drunk and hooked up, their baby would be the Ten Stone. food was pretty good, but I was starved both times I was there. my walk to the restroom reminded me of the party scene in Pretty in Pink. the waitress was slow , and bitched to us about people sitting too long, as she was seating us...strippers worry less about tips. 
went for lunch and it was quiet and my food was good, so that was better, so I guess it just wasn't my cup o tea.So, I'm new to Philly and the Graduate Hospital area. When I walked into the Ten Stone for the first time last night, I thought to myself "I think this is probably my quote-unquote neighborhood bar...but do I want to be here?" If you know me, you know that I enjoy and very much appreciate my local gastro pub. The same goes for my local dive bar. The vibe I was getting from this place was gastro pub with a dive atmosphere, so you'd think I'd be thrilled to find such a treasure. Sadly, this was kind of not the case. 
At 8:30 p.m., the joint was packed and crawling with mostly 20-somethings. There was one table with a baby carriage parked next to it, which was a little surprising because the music was blaring through the place. As we began hunting for a table, I heard a Millennial drunkenly cry out "I played this song! I played this song, guys! This is MY SONG!" as "Don't stop believing" came on the jukebox. We ordered our brews. 
The brew selection was decent and craft-y with about 20 different choices. Kasteel Rouge was on tap, which was great to try for the first time. I ordered a veggie burger that seemed homemade with actual vegetables in it (rather than a soy hockey puck) that was really quite good. If I heard my friends correctly, I think they were happy with what they ordered, too. 
When our check came finally came, our server threw it in the middle of the table and said "Is splitting it 3 ways okay?" and walked away. Uhhh, honey, I'm going to buy a copy of "Waitressing 101": you don't tell you customers what to do in the form of a fake question, especially when it comes to money! Fine, you're busy and everything, but you just don't do that. 
Good food, good beer, seriously obnoxious atmosphere. Perhaps Saturday nights are a little crazier? Not to suggest that I need establishments to completely define themselves, but I guess I'd go back if/when they figure out if they're a gastro or a dive. It's just kind of weird to shout over a craft brew when the table next to me is doing shots in the name of that epic Mumford and Sons song.One of our local spots for work happy hour. Street parking, lots of seating, decent amount of beers on tap, food menu and extra side room with darts/billiard table.Love that there is a pool table here!!! Drinks and food are secondary and nothing out of the ordinary, but if you're looking for a place to hang out with friends, there's a nice neighborhood feel to this place. The only cautionary note is that some nights, there are some serious dart players who don't like a lot of noise!THIS IS MY FAVORITE BAR IN PHILADELPHIA.  Oh Ten Stone, how I miss thee!  Great beer, great crowd, great Sunday Brunch, great nights.  I wish I could just pick this bar up and move it to Palo Alto.Good spot to grab some beers and snacks. The truffle popcorn is great when you just want something to munch on. Trust me, the bowl won't last long. The crab dip and cheesesteak egg rolls are also solid choices.DO NOT EAT HERE. I repeat: do NOT eat here. I will never eat here again and refuse to let anyone I care about eat here. If you don't want to read this long explanation, here's the reason why: I found a nail (a piece of hardware) in my crab dip appetizer. I bit into a nail and it pierced my gum.
Two Sundays ago, I brought my family to the Ten Stone bar which is in my neighborhood full of bars. I usually go to Ten Stone for happy hour or late nights before heading home, and it's a great place to drink with friends. But, I had never eaten the food and thought it was worth a try. My sister had the nachos before, and apparently they were great, so we ordered them. 
Our waitress (Maggie) informed us that Ten Stone ran out of tortilla chips, since they make them in-house in batches and they went quickly that day. Which is surprising that they ran out of a pretty basic item so early on a Sunday evening (wouldn't it be a no-brainer to go just grab a bag of tortilla chips for CVS?) Anyway, I digress, no nachos, so Maggie suggested we try the crab dip with pita instead. 
The first few bites of the crab dip were okay, kind of unremarkable on the flavor scale, but then I bit into something hard... like a rock. I spit it out and discovered it was an inch long thin nail with a kind of sawed off head of the nail-- it was sharp on both sides. Thankfully, the pita kept it rolled up AND FROM GOING THROUGH MY JAW or splitting my tooth, though it did pierce my gum. Our waitress, Maggie was very apologetic, understanding, and comforting but this was just absolutely insane. A NAIL-- IN THE FOOD. I understand that things happen and there's hair in food, whatever, but a sharp piece of metal in a highly process/prepared food is insane. There is a lack of attention to detail in the food, and generally an unsafe/contaminated environment in the kitchen. Our food was comped and we were told that the owner or manager would call us ASAP--fyi-- there was no manager on site to handle the situation, also a no-no for a decent establishment on a weekend (in my opinion). 
I didn't receive a call from the owner( Marvin) until my mother reached out to the owner (2 DAYS LATER). The owner did not care enough to be preemptive on this matter, apologize to me, and seek to rectify the situation. Why would you want to eat at a restaurant that just wants to cover their butts when there is a health issue/liability? The owner said he was trying to figure out where it came from (didn't end up having an answer), then lied about sending me a picture of the nail, which he procrastinated for so long until he admitted that he would not send it.
I am infuriated by this but it's nice to know that a lot of people use Yelp and can read reviews like this make better choices to go to any of the other amazing bars in our neighborhood that are dying for your business. 
FYI: My friend lives above Ten Stone bar and she has a pretty epic mice problem... in case you haven't been grossed out enough by the nail thing.Great atmosphere and PHENOMENAL food! The steak salad was to die for. The only complaint I have is that our waitress seemed relatively uninterested in serving us, even to get rid of us. She took our plates away and didn't bring the check for 20 minutes.Bread Pudding was hard as a rock. Sadly, this used to be the goto place in the neighborhood. Though, new places have come and this place has not tried to keep up. Not bad, but not what it once was, and falling behind in the neighborhood. Service is tough if you are not at the bar, and the place seems a little grimey with bad ventilation. A bit too loud for conversation.Very uneven.  Some of the lunch items are OK but commonplace and some are absolutely awful.  Stick with the items that can be found at countless other eateries and you will be OK, but if you venture into the more exotic, especially items that are normally found elsewhere (such as a gyro I had in which the "lamb" was so old and tough it could have been better used in a new pair of moccasins) you will be disappointed...or worse.
A final note.  The place always smells of disinfectant.  Maybe that's why the management throws up all the windows at every opportunity.Ten Stone is an okay but not great bar in an area which increasingly has better options - particularly in regards to better food and better service. If you're a beer drinker, they have a great selection, but I'm not, so I am thankful that they at least have a few good selections of wine by the glass. Ten Stone is acceptable for grabbing a sandwich and a drink in the afternoon or off hours, but go for Sunday brunch or in the evening when it's packed and good luck to you - I stopped going for brunch years ago even though the food was good because it always seemed to take an hour or so to get my food. Also, the place gets insanely loud when full, terrible acoustics. I've stepped inside one or two evenings in the past and immediately left when hit by the wall of noise inside.
Also it seems the food has increasingly gone downhill. Things that sound good on the menu, like the seared tuna salad or spinach salad, are just curiously devoid of flavor and bland when they finally arrive.I sreally want to like Ten Stone... but there's just something standing in the way.  Maybe it's the unfriendly servers?  Or the lack of real specials...ever?  I want Graduate Hospital to have a down-to-earth bar we can rely on to provide decent food, drinks, and service.  It doesn't have to be fancy as we're not Rittenhouse Square, we're an up and coming neighborhood that needs more neighborhood gems. 
I do like the draft list but the drink prices are way too high.  Their food is decent and fairly consistent but nothing creative or out of the box on this menu... just basic bar food (nachos, wings, quesadillas).
Despite my feelings on this place, it always seems to be fairly crowded but maybe that's because I am always coming here to watch the Eagles game.
They do have outdoor seating and a separate room with pool table and darts which is nice.
Check it out but I think you will be underwhelmed.I wasn't expecting much from Ten Stone but after all was said and done, I really enjoyed it!  
I arrived early prior to my pool league match and had a really delicious crispy chicken sandwich.  The pretzel bun was amazing.  I also took advantage of a happy hour beer special which wasn't great but this far up South Street it was better than nothing.
The bar is clean and tidy and the ambiance is nice.  The best part of the bar is probably in the back room which has a pool table and working fire place.  It was a crowded Monday night and it had a tavern feel.  
I deducted a star because on a Monday night, after happy hour, there were no beer specials.  $4 Budweisers and even the pool table was overpriced at $1.50 a game!Decided to give Ten stone another try, since there was outside seating, I was going that way, and I was very hungry. I was seated right away, and was served my beer just as fast, the server was nice and efficient. i ordered the strip steak sandwich with Brie. The sandwich was a good size and was cooked perfectly, fries were also cooked perfectly, my fiance also enjoyed her chicken sandwich. The price was fair and the whole experience was pleasant. I ripped this place pretty good last review, so i felt a comment about how much better the whole shebang was during the week, its cliche but Ten stone is not my weekend choice, but supper on a Wednesday it works!This Bar/Pub has the "appearance" of a decent place to get dinner or brunch.  Unfortunately not all is as it seems at Ten Stone.  
-The food is subpar for what you pay.
-The service is atrocious, both slow and rude.  The waitresses forget that you exist.  (Really- they need to get over themselves and embrace the notion of customer service.)
Unfortunately Ten Stone is profitting off your expectation that they will live up to the standard of other pubs in the neighborhood, and they just don't.  I've tried this place out a few times, so this isn't coming from just one bad experience: skip it! You can do better for what you'll pay and there are plenty of much better pubs within a couple blocks.
I will say that the service at the Bar is great, and by comparison to the waitstaff the bartenders are super friendly.  So if you want to sit at the bar and have a beer or a pumpkin bomb go for it, just don't let the waitresses get between you and the guys doing all the hard work.Got the tuna wrap.  It was gross- only could stand a few bites.  Fries were not as bad but still not very fresh and needed a lot of ketchup to taste decent. 
Was disappointed with both of my beers- first one tasted a little flat.  Didn't like that the draft menu didn't have prices.  I should have asked how much the beer was- $10 was waaaay too much for how little I enjoyed that beer.
I added a star because my friend liked his sandwich and most of my other friends had no complaints about their beers.  If you're going to go here I would recommend not getting food and sticking to the cheaper beers so at least if you're disappointed you didn't waste much.Very reliable bar in the area.  Food's usually above-average (then again, I rarely eat there).  There are enough rooms to keep you entertained (pool, darts, tv's, etc).  Service can be hit-or-miss, so try sitting at the bar or (gasp!) tip well.
It's surprising how many people "feel out of place" and give it a poor rating.  Just because Ten Stone doesn't serve $2 PBR's or is a hipster hangout (somehow "preppy" = conformist = bad, while American Apparel = "nonconformist" = good) doesn't mean it's a terrible place.
Try the fries and selected appetizers.  Chicken sandwich is pretty decent.  Definitely feed some dollars in the jukebox and have a good time.I like the beer and atmosphere, but I just can't get over the mediocre food.  It's just not very good.  And it's never good.  Never, ever.  Not once has it been good.  Did I mention the food isn't very good?The beer menu is always reliable, and the food is cheap. Other than that, not much to this place. Today at brunch there were flies all over the bar and the service was extremely slow....even by neighborhood-bar-at-brunch standards. I'm always disappointed in this place, but you get what you pay for.Really yummy fish tacos. I'm not a beer drinker BUT they served me two beers that were said to be sweet and I got real tipsy off of them. Really great service also.
One of the beer was a lambic I think , and the other was a fuille or something like that. I can't get the spelling right but they are sweet beers if you like the taste of sweet things. 
For dessert I ordered the banana pudding with ice cream...nah on that one. The pudding felt hard...def not fresh or even homemade. Go elsewhere for dessert in my opinion.
Def would go backBeer selection = Like most other have already mentioned on Yelp, Ten Stone has a great beer selection.  Our waitress was awesome and immediately offered samples when I had a hard time deciding which beer to get off their extensive menu.  Got the palm belgian amber.  Unfortunately, didn't try any of their food.  As such this review won't be as extensive as my usual.
Overall opinion = Bottom line, Ten Stone Bar offers a great selection of beer!Ten Stone has great beer selection, good food & atmosphere. A favorite spot.Love the nachos and beer selection here! Great brews and quick service. It is the ideal neighborhood bar. We eat here every few weeks and come watch big games here since it's so close for us. Great atmosphere and rooms in the back for darts, pool, etc.
Edit **** they have a new menu! My favorites are still there plus a flatbread and taco section. Check it out ! The food is good for a neighbor hood bar!Good beer selection. Happy hour is ok depending on what day of the week you go. The food here isn't stellar but it's not bad for bar food. If you miss happy hour it's a bit pricey but still a good time for less money than most places in the area. This is a solid spot for a low key night out. It's not too crowded but usually has enough people that you don't feel too lonely!My friend swears by this place so I had to walk to the other side of town and check it out.  Walking into this place it feels like any other neighborhood bar with a few hipsters scattered here and there.  The beer selection was good and reasonably priced, but the food was just passable.  The kitchen sink salad was very interesting with shrimp and pepperoni thrown in there.  Strange as it seems, it sorta kinda worked.  The burger was pretty disappointing.   Although it was cooked to my liking, it lacked any seasoning and was not juicy at all.  2 stars for 10 stones.The meal was delicious, accompanied by great beer and a good conversation with the barmaid. I highly recommend this place.
What I ate:
Crispy Chicken Sandwich $11 with a salad
Deep Fried Boneless Chicken Breast, bacon & provolone cheese with mango bbq sauce instead of  the honey mustard served on a brioche roll.The hunt for Red October ended in mutiny. The hunt for affordable, parking-friendly (read: not near Rittenhouse) and diner-friendly (read: not two VIP four-hour wait) outdoor tables in Philly may end in a divorce (or argument/tears, depending on who your with).
For Pete's Sake is good, sure. BUt you're under 95, there's only four tables and the chances of you leaving in in under an hour are minimal. New Wave, you say? Also an option, but besides the chicken fingers, sometimes you don't want trying-to-be-gourmet bar food.
It was somewhere between starvation and confusion I found myself on the border of G.HO on 21st and South. Ten Stone had nice, sturdy (not metal little things) tables and charge, gorgeous bar-brand-laden umbrellas and about 10 places to sit outside. Perfect. Now comes the test. . .
The menu was packed full of things any normal person would quietly comment to themselves, "Mmm..that looks good." Wings, nachos, dumplings, artichoke dip, brie and chicken with caramelized onion and argula on a long hard roll, artichocke hearts with chicken and spinach and pesto spread  . . . . woah. About $7 for each two-day-worthy sandwich? Holy f***ing Starrs. 
Add a hand-written daily beer list with all your favorites (hoegaarden) and soon to be's (rasberry lambert) and you've got yourself a your next favorite secret spot.
PS: the pool tables inside are clean and worthy of your game.You walk in and it looks like a pretty typical crowded smaller sized bar, but then you keep walking and there's two additional rooms! I liked this place because it seemed like the two other rooms never really got too crowded even when the front was filled. There are TVs in all the rooms and there's pool tables in the back. 
The waitress was cool and would take our order and then put it on our tab at the bar. A lot of places won't do that. We ordered the nachos and by this point we were pretty buzzed but they were good! 
I'd definitely come back here to hang out and watch the games.Met a friend here for drinks and a bite to eat.  We headed toward the rear where there's a pool table and a dart board.  Although it wasn't too crowded, the acoustics must have been terrible because it was pretty loud.  My Tuscan sandwich was mediocre, but the fries were good.  Her three fish tacos weren't bad and had a nice kick.  Decent local bar close to the Graduate Hospital neighborhood, but won't be in any rush to return.No matter how good the food was (and it was very good), couldn't get past how unbearably loud this place was.  Like, DECIBELS too loud. Our waitress lost her voice from working the night before... She had written the beer list out by hand so as to not repeat herself at screaming levels.  There are plenty of other bars in phila with good food, where you might also be able to communicate with your date and/or staff.It's a nice day outside and I want to eat good food, enjoy a beer and hang-out with my friend and his dog... outdoors. This is where we go!
Brunch:
Eggs Benedict is ehhhhh.... Eggs overcooked and would benefit from English muffins.
Yogurt, granola and fresh fruit is yummy!
Orange juice comes from a box, ew!
Coffee is good!
Food in general is very good. Fish tacos are delicious!
Service is slow, but they'll bring out water for your dog. This is a high traffic location for dog walkers. In one meal you'll watch dozens walk by.Great neighborhood bar! The beers on tap are great. I always get to try several before settling on one (like the big daddy). Very laid-back/relaxed and casual atmosphere - a nice to place to catch up with friends. The food is simple and good (try the brie/goat cheese fondue).Ten Stone has a great beer selection and good bar food with generous sized portions.  The best perks of this bar are the free darts in the back room and the pay-as-you go pool table.  Your friends boring you, on a first date and have nothing to say?  Start a game of cricket to get the party going.  
The bartenders and servers have always been super friendly, knowledgeable and efficient.  Draught beer list is on a chalkboard on the wall.  They have about 20 taps, most of which rotate.
Downsides of this place are that they don't usually have a ton of drink specials.  The volume is a little too low for it to qualify as a legit sports bar for the big games, though it does turn on and broadcast sound.  The back room gets HOTTTT in the summer.  Like sweat pooling on your table hot.  There don't appear to be any AC vents back there, which could be the problem, but wowzas, get some fans! 
I really like Ten Stone and highly recommend it, though only if you can snag a seat in the front on a hot summer day.If I lived around the corner, Ten Stone could easily fit the bill whenever I needed to sip a brew outside.  It was much more crowded than I'd anticipated, and the service was S-O  S--L---O----W but that didn't phase us because we were having a good time hanging out.
Try the fondue. It's fantastic!Great place to gather with friends for drinks with or without food. Any time of day. Big, long wooden tables along wood-paneled walls in a dimly lit atmosphere make for an ideal low-key night. I'm giving 4 stars as it is one of the few places that lets you hold down a big table without having to order food.
A good selection of beer and spirits (they have my favorite, Bluecoat gin).  The food is decent, 3 stars at most.   Craving drunchies, I ordered some sort of breakfast burrito with fries.  It was like 11pm, so .... yea.  'Bland' is the best word I can use to describe both parts of the meal.  Next time I'll stick to drinks and splurge on a dessert, like their chocolate banana bread pudding.Nice sports bar with a great beer selection.  The food is pretty good as well.  I usually get the sandwiches.  The atmosphere is solid and not too loud.We went here as part of our Philadelphia New Years Eve bar crawl. Our specific requirements for said crawl: no cover charge. 
I was surprised at how un-crowded it was given it was NYE, but that suited us just fine. As others have mentioned, there is a pretty solid beer list and the serves seemed pretty knowledgable on them. 
We ordered a few apps for the table, all of which were delicious (pita and hummus, wings, crab dip, cheese steak spring rolls). The crab dip was just so so, but the wings had a great kick and the cheese steak rolls were delicious and creative. 
Atmosphere wise, pretty much a standard pub. Multiple clean bathrooms (a plus!) and a fairly large space with multiple rooms. 
Overall, great neighborhood bar and definitely something we'd check out next time were in town if we wanted something familiar.The bartender was really nice but the nachos were so soggy and gross I could hardly eat them. The chicken was rubbery and something about it just tasted spoiled. Definitely not going back.Great menu. Wonderful food. Staff are laid back and cool. Nice place to eat outside.Ten stone is definitely underrated.  The food here is surprisingly good.  My favorite is the pulled pork sandwich.  It is tender and well seasoned and served in its own juice.  Service is slow, but that doesn't really bother me.  Go here when you want to hang out for an hour or two over dinner with some good beer and reasonably priced food.  Don't go here if you are in a hurry.Basic neighborhood bar. Decent food and attentive service. Good for late night bites too.I often review things and wonder to myself "am I being too generous? Does that deserve that many stars?" 
Well, worry not. Ten Stone deserves every ounce of the two stars I'm giving it. 
The beer list is decent, but the prices are meh. They're not super high, but they're not great for what you're getting, either. The food is less than meh. I have never left Ten Stone and felt satisfied with the food I'd eaten. It's nice to sit outside when it's warm out, but the service can be slow and the frustration just isn't worth it.  Inside, I somehow always feel like I'm in the way, or inconveniencing the servers. Yes, I'm looking at you. I want another effing beer. It's empty. I'm going to start building things with everyone's empty glasses. COME TAKE MY ORDER. I'M EASY AND I TIP WELL. 
 I live within a couple blocks, and I wish I loved it. I wished it was my neighborhood watering hole. But I'll walk the extra block and a half to Grace Tavern for that.Came here with a friend for lunch and i really liked it! It's a small bar area with a laid back feel. Decent taps, i'm not a beer snob though, so i can't fairly judge that. The food was really good! I had the grilled ham and cheese on a pretzel with friends and it totally hit the spot. Our bartender was Ryan, (i'm pretty sure that was his name) and he was a nice guy! Let us taste test the beer's we wanted to try and all. I'd definitely stop back for lunch!The brunch at Ten Stone was not only amazing- it was reasonably priced and delicious! There was no crowd and no wait which is another seller! They also had $2.00 Mimosa's which made my boyfriend and i stay even longer to enjoy. Friendly staff -friendly people- we will be there for brunch again.Yeah.  This place is totally three and a half star central.  I mean, it's pretty lame, but I feel like it's supposed to suck there.  It's not supposed to be cool.  It's just that shitty local bar that you can get cheap breakfast and mimosas at while the bartender audibly cries at the end of the bar for god knows what reason.  And you know what, whatever.  Welcome to Philadelphia.  You take what you can get.This is a great cozy little bar with an extensive beer selection. It's the perfect place to hang out with a small group of friends. It's nothing wild and crazy, just a great neighborhood bar that's not a dive. They also serve food, which is a plus.Snore.  The place is cute, it's bigger than it appears from the outside, and the hot crab dip was pretty tasty.  Other than that, not worth frequenting.
I stopped in after work one night, and our waitress (Waitress A) came over to take my drink order right away.  Ok, good start.  Waitress B delivered the drinks, and Waitress A grabbed her purse and walked out the front door.  Um... ok...
Half hour passes.  Waitress B has walked by a few times, but hasn't paid us any attention.  Waitress A comes back in with two bags in her hand.  I guess she had to run out for provisions to restock the bar.  Waitress A comes back to check on us, and remembered that one person at our table ordered water 45 min ago and hadn't yet gotten it.  I had to laugh when someone described her as having the personality of a rock, lol.  it was pretty accurate actually.
Two drinks and an hour and a half later, Ten Stone and I parted ways.  Doubtful there will be a reunion any time soon.Ten Stone has the distinction of serving the worst edamame I've ever eaten.  Who knew you could screw edamame up so badly!  Isn't it just soybeans and salt??  Okay, I can hear you saying it already, who orders edamame from a bar?  Point taken... but hey, I was craving it, and it just shouldn't be on their menu to tempt me if, especially if it's not even going to be green.
I wouldn't really go out of my way to eat anything at Ten Stone, it's just slightly upscale bar food, and if you want a burger go to Roosevelt's.  But the bar is open and good sized and there are a couple of back rooms to mix it up.  Definitely a decent spot to place on the rotation, especially for a medium-sized or large group that wants to throw a couple back.Ten Stone is a great neighborhood bar. It has a strong local showing and is almost always bustling throughout the day (and night). They have reliable clientele (we played pool with a regular), and great food (the nachos were delicious and were wayy to much for one person). The only qualm is the customer service. The waitresses can be a little aggressive about getting orders and a little late in checking up for the bill. It's actually a pretty big establishment with the dim pub feel. You can pay a small fee to play a game of pool, or shoot darts with a friend. Still, this place is a stable of west South Street and is definitely a notable fixture in the area.My overwhelming impression of this place is LOUD. Like, forget about talking to anyone except the person right next to you loud. 
Decent beer list, although I always seem to find myself squinting at the chalkboard to see it, and the food is OK bar food - the cheese fondue is good for sharing. 
Definitely a polo shirt and khaki kinda crowd, and the jukebox is one of those electronic jukeboxes that only has the singles from most albums. I hate that.
This place isn't offensive or anything, but there are so many other awesome choices in the area.This place is a neighborhood gem with really good food. It looks like a dive and acts like a dive (complete with regulars welded to their bar seats), but then you order food and are blown away! 
The short rib flat bread, apple and Brie cheese flatbread, tuna Niçoise salad are really delicious! This has rapidly become one of our fave spots at any time of day, friendly easy going service and outstanding bar food, what more could you want?You have to wonder, when the Ahi Tuna Salad and the Chicken Chili are both so over-seasoned, what are they hiding?I have lived in the Grey's Ferry neighborhood for over three years now and have just recently visited this restaurant.  
The food is a joke.  I am honestly surprised this place is still open.  I ordered mussles which were not edible.  I asked if they were fresh or frozen.  FROZEN.  For $10+ I expect fresh mussles, especially since they are so popular on pub menu's in Philly and are always fresh.  Not to mention one of the easiest dishes to make.  
The crowd is bizarre.  I was there on  Thursday night around 10 or 11 and there were people with babies and families at the tables in the dining room.  The bar stools were filled with popped-collar, balding jock types.  Ugh...
The beer is the only reason this place gets two stars.  They have a pretty ok selection, but nothing to write home about. 
The music sucks.
If you are thinking about going to this place don't.  Walk one block west to Grace's Tavern or two blocks south to The Sidecar.Okay beer selection, but overpriced.  The food is okay bar food.  Lots of button-up and polo shirt types.
Me?  I'll stick to Grace or Pub & Kitchen (also button-up-y).  Or Doobie's.  Or...anywhere else.Be careful when you go to this place. Don't go without friends, in 2009 I was violently assaulted here while my friend was pushed out of the bar. There were a few guys and they seemed very friendly with the bartender. One person grabbed my arms and held me back while another male hit me in the face multiple times after a very small argument over who was up to shoot pool next. We waited all night so I know we were skipped multiple times and that was where the dispute started. The bartender and other staff did not come to my aid to protect me at all! If you come at night be wary of your safety or you may end up with a hurt jaw and blood coming from your head like I did. They allowed the people that assaulted me to leave before the police arrived. It all seemed like they allowed it. A lot of other reviews mention bad food, so do you really want to go to an unsafe bar with bad food?Once again, I am so impressed by the restaurant/bar scene.  This place is friendly, casual, and tasty.  
It can get pretty crowded, even during what seems like an off hour.  That's the only thing that keeps me from going there more often, even though I live nearby.Every time I go I'm pretty underwhelmed... with so many other options, I just can't justify going back.
The staff is always pretty nonchalant and the food is about as interesting as the décor, safe and typical.This place definitely hits the spot if you're looking for a laid back neighborhood bar. The beer list wasn't overwhelming, but it was seasonal and the servers are great with recommendations. Spacious tables with a back room that has a pool table. 
Food was tasty pub fare. The mussels were very good. The brie and blue cheese mushroom fondue came with a mountain of crusty bread and was really quite delicious. The Tuscan chicken sandwich was good, but I wish it had less spinach! Fries were clearly from frozen, but crispy nonetheless. Tends to get a bit loud in here (it was a Saturday, however), but it's a good spot if you're in the area.I was dining at this establishment with friends I was visiting and if I was not with friends I would have walked right out.  We ate at Ten Stone on May 31st and I had the worst service and food I have possibly ever had and I have been to every major city in the states. We were told by our waitress Meghan that the kitchen was switching over and no food could be served for 45 mins.  This was pretty crazy.  They would not even bring us bread and then 20 mins later a table sits next to us and gets nachos brought out to them.  They had a different waitress.  Not only was the waitress poor at giving decent service the manager was behind the bar talking to one of the cooks.  She was no help at all and when I asked that the manager comg over the waitress suggested that she not.  The soda was flat and the managers answer to me was to throw them in the sink and tell me that if mine was flat they all would be flat and made no offer of any other drink suggestions. Lost money right there.  While we were waiting for our food 10 other tables had food delivered.  This made NO SENSE if the kitchen was switching over and they coud not make anything.  Run don't walk from this place no matter how tempting it looks.Great neighborhood place to grab a bear and a bite. They have a pretty good beer selection and the food is actually pretty good. I must say the service was excellent and very accomodating. The place, while a bar, is actually a decent family place too and they were very accomodating of the kids.This place would get 5 stars but it's a bit pricey, which is why I'm only giving it four stars.  Here's the deal:
Beer:  This place has a great beer selection that changes often, which makes it a treat to go in frequently.  The bartenders are super attentive and really accommodating, especially if you happen to have no idea what sort of beer you'd like to sip on for the evening (thank you for letting me sample a few!).  
Food:  The buffalo wings were a nice starter to the meal.  Not the best I've ever had, but I would get them again.  The cobb salad was quite tasty and came with a good amount of toppings (I despise when you order a salad, and they give you two slivers of chicken or a spoonful of cheese sprinkled on top).  I really enjoy the tuna steak wrap.  The tuna is cooked very well, and like the salad, the accompanying ingredients were plentiful.  
Atmosphere:  I've been here three times and only once was it super crowded.  When that happens, it's a bit intense because it's a smaller joint.  When it's just the regulars around the bar though, a laid back atmosphere is created which allows for conversation and mingling amongst the patrons.
Overall:  Go for the beer; stay for the food...and more beer.  :)I came for brunch on a Saturday afternoon with friends and was greeted by what should have been a night crowd. A group of fratty bros were watching some sporting event or another and downing beers; loud music was blasting from the speakers; and I had to shout over the table to my friends. 
We all ordered eggs benedict and the hollandaise sauce, potatoes, and bread were great but between our 4 dishes, not one of the 8 eggs were poached correctly. The inside was soft-cooked and didn't allow you the satisfaction of poking and watching the yolk run over the bread on the bottom. Because this is such an essential component of eggs benedict, I have to dock stars. 
Beer selection was decent so I'd maybe come back for that, but certainly not the food nor the environment.Just a regular neighborhood bar- no thrills. The menu is mainly bar food. We were there on NYE and so we got a ton of carbs to load up on, including the brie dip. That was amazing! Could be better with some bacon bits in it, but it would also only making it more fattening. Beer selection isn't bad but don't ask for anything too fancy. I asked the bartender for gin and tonic with muddled cucumbers (which I then just changed to ANY cucumbers). She acted like it was asking her too much to go to the kitchen to get some cucumbers but we still tipped well. The next bartender was much better (seemed like everyone working there became nicer and nicer as the evening went on). He had no problem with my order and didn't complain.First time here and very disappointed, here are the reasons why:
1. Asked for a drink menu and they don't have one, however they do have a draft selection that is handwritten on a piece of paper with no prices. Wtf? 
2. Loaded nachos were decent except they pour a red sauce over the chips (wtf?) and the bottom half of the chips were all soggy from the sauce. I don't get it. How about put the sauce on the side? 
3. The server was less than thrilled to be there. We also had to hunt her down to get the check, I think she forgot about us. 
This goes without saying but we won't be returning to this place.DO NOT SIT AT A TABLE!!!!
The waitresses are crappy and act pissed off that they have to bring your food which is generally kinda mediocre. 
The bartenders are awesome and happy to serve you. The beer selection is decent. The fish tacos are yum! The risotto fritters suck.I hadn't come here in a couple years and I will never come back - at least not to eat. 
I used to love their mussels, but when I recently ordered them they were not good quality at all. The shells kept braking (never happened to me before...) and the mussels themselves tasted "dry", I'm really not sure how to even describe them. Overall not good. Not sure what changed, but it's a shame.This is a terrific neighborhood bar that I love for three reasons: 1. it's got a good, diverse beer list, 2. there is a huge selection of sandwiches, all of which I've tried so far I've liked, and 3. it's large and you can usually find a place to sit.I'm not the biggest fan of the rolls they use here for their burgers or pulled pork, and I think they charge about a dollar too much for domestic pints.
Other than that, I like their red pool table and the plasma tv in the back room.  The fireplace is also really cozy during the winter.   This place seems to be jammed full of Penn grad students and non-tenured professors who want to argue with you every night about politics and gas prices.They are lucky the food is good because they're service is one of the worst things i've ever experienced. Went to the bar to eat & drink at 4:30pm and it took 15 minutes for anyone to take our order (the place was empty. Also, I tried to give them the benefit of the doubt and order take out at 5pm on a Saturday but I called 7 times with no answer. It's sad because they are one of the few bars in the graduate hospital area & I live right next door, but I will never go here again.I thought Ten Stone was really tasty! Great casual place if you want a sandwich/wrap and a beer. Their "on tap" list was pretty long and varied. We didn't have slow service, but it also wasn't busy when we were there. I'd definitely go back.I ventured here once, hungry and looking for a quick fix. Tenstone did not disappoint. 
The jerk chicken cheesesteak was flavorful and moist, topped with sauteed onions and mushrooms, smothered in gouda cheese and a mango bbq sauce (I'm getting hungry just thinking about it!).  I didn't taste much mango, but the balance of the other flavors and textures was great.  I also ordered a side cheese risotto fritters. Not a great fan of these appetizers. I thought that they were too dense and somewhat lacking in flavor. The only redeeming component of the dish was the side spicy rose sauce, which had chunks of carrots and tomatoes.  I only wished they gave me more sauce!We have to go back, Kate, We have to go back!
Since I went here in the weeks prior to the Lost finale, I found myself thinking this after eating lunch at Ten Stone.
I went here on a recommendation from a friend, and I'd say it met all my expectations. The bar had a nice, open-air feel and is full of warm, bright colors.
While the variety on the menu was decent, the beer list is awesome. However, as it was lunch, I just went for a cider (which they had in a bottle). I chose the Grilled Cheese on a Pretzel with honey mustard glaze as my meal and it was very good.
I'd like to check this place out again later in the day. But as long as I can go back for the Grilled Cheese Pretzel, I'll be content.Stopped by Ten Stone on Saturday night.  I think this place actually deserves 3.5 stars...it's a nice spot to meet up and start a night.  They have a decent selection of drafts and the bartenders are friendly enough.  That being said, if you are looking for cheap drinks or specials, this place isn't for you.why, oh why do i keep going back? i guess its the location and the outdoor seating! ten stone, you have so much potential!!!!! your menu sounds great, but i am always let down by the quality of the food--i can make something similar if not better at home (this is saying a lot). service is spotty, but the girls are always nice. seems like it may need some better management...step it up, guys!!!Not a bad neighborhood pub. The interior is spacious and clean. While the draught list is mediocre (and slightly overpriced), the food is A-plus - well beyond typical bar fare. I recommend the steak panini with a side salad.I want to start off by saying that ten stone is a great place to grab a few beers. I had never eaten here but was so excited to try their food. So I figured brunch would be a perfect time to grab a bite. 
Well was I ever disappointed with the meal. Ordered the ham and grilled cheese sandwich with a fried egg on top, the toast was beyond dry. The egg was very very over cooked and to top it off there was less than a slice of cheese on this bland, dry, flavorless sandwich. 
Left the bar very dissatisfied.This afternoon had a very small crowd but the vibe was very chill and the staff had some old school reggae playing softly in the background. Beer selection was great, and the Jerk Chicken Cheesesteak was amazing! It just enough kick balanced with mushrooms and a terrific mango sauce. Wow!A great place to get a good sandwich, beer and to watch the game. We even order take out from here. The take out was a little slow, but overall worth the wait.Had the flank steak and bacon sandwich and it was amazing! Also, La Chouffe beer was delicious and the sweet potato fries were perfection.  
FYI: we went on a Saturday afternoon with some locals and they said that the fries are different almost every time, but those were the best sweet potato fries they had ever had there! So, maybe we were just lucky?
We were more than satisfied.I had a great time, even though it was short, drinking and chatting with people at the 'Ten Stone'. Thank you Bill for putting together a fun lil' event of your very own. It was worth meeting some old and new faces here. 
The service was a bit slow and I guess since I was a new face to the bar, the bartenders were more concerned with their usual patrons. No biggie but what's the problem with some 'new blood', if anything we're paying either way. They had a nice selection on 'tap' and at least what I could smell and see, the food looked quite appetizing. I plan to come back and try some of their entrees. I really do like the interior design, reminds me of some of the bars I had visited when I was in Ottawa. 
There is definitely a "Drexel/U-Penn jocular" crowd, for the most part,(both colleges just across the South Street Bridge) but their are still some older gens and bohemians alike and that alone makes it a place with a diverse atmosphere. 
I used to live quite close to this establishment and roommates in the past told me to come here but I do plan on making a return to the place where apparently Elvis Costello did one of this first shows at whatever the bar was before he got famous in the 80s.Call me crazy, but I think Ten Stone is one of the best options in this neighborhood--definitely superior to the more highly-touted Resurrection Ale House and Grace Tavern.  Is this a foodie place?  No.  But do you get above-par bar food with some healthier options (great salads, fish tacos, etc.)?  Yes.  
Prices should definitely be $1-2 less per food and wine item--let's be honest, we're not in Center City anymore, Toto.  But this is a great casual bar or dinner spot that is good for any size group.I haven't been here in awhile but this used to be one of my favorite places when I lived in the area.  However tonight I was disappointed with the the food.  Everything we ordered was burnt.  My friend and I both ordered the chicken Brie melt and the bread, chicken and Brie was burnt.  My friends nachos was burnt as well.  I'm not sure if they changed the chef but it was a bad experience.I constantly look to yelp when deciding where to go to eat.... so it's unfortunate my first post is negative. I've been to Ten Stone with my boyfriend several times since we live in the area-- its our neighborhood quick go-to for dinner. While we have never been blown away by the food, we have never been disappointed. And we love the  rotating draft beer list. I (29) decided to take my sister (18) there for lunch. No waiter, just a bartender (this is normal) Bartender said he couldn't serve me a beer before even looking at my ID...I understand PA law, but me being over 25 allows me to have a beer while someone under 21 is at the table. It wasn't important enough to argue though. We ordered the cheesesteak spring rolls (they were fine) but then my sandwich came (chicken and brie) I've ordered this multiple times before but this time it was literally inedible. Lettuce was bad and what I believe was the cheese had a really odd taste to it. The sweet potato fries were (I guess?) left in the deep fryer too long because they were a mix of burnt or sopping with oil. They were also inedible. My sisters food was fine (buff chicken wrap) so again, I chose not to argue it. The bartender never returned to the table after delivering all the food. When my sister was done eating, I waited about 15 minutes before I just got up and went up to the bar to get my tab. We were the only table and there were about 7 people at the bar--- so him being busy wasn't a factor. When he did return with my receipt, I think he realized I barely touched anything on my plate and didn't offer anything aside from a box that I obviously declined. 
I understand this is a corner pub with bar food. It's not like 5 star dining accommodations were expected. Only writing a review this long because I was really blown away how this place is run during the day vs at nights/weekends. If I go back, it will be during the dinner shift. Too many places to choose from in this neighborhood to experience that twice.The bar is decent.  The menu is nothing extraordinary, everything I order I expect to taste better but am always let down by mediocrity. The main reason that I don't like to go here is the acoustics of the building.  It's so f*ing loud always--whether the bar's full or only has two table.  You need to yell for conversation and still can't hear half of it.In theory I like this place. It has a good beer menu, is not too expensive. However I just had one of the most bizarre experiences of my life. I bought a beer and from my change I left a dollar. I then bought another beer and from that change left a dollar. I then bought a third beer and left a $20 bill, waiting for change to be made. After about 20 minutes of my $20 bill sitting on the bar the bartender informed me--through a drunken slur--that I owed the bar for four beers and never actually paid for any beers at all.  Her bartender compatriot--who I had zero interaction with before that--agreed and demanded payment.  After changing out my 20 they taunted me that 'congratulations you got a free beer.' I think this all resulted from the bartender's intoxication. Truly, the most bizarre experience of my life.I really, really want to like Ten Stone. Mostly bc I live so close. But every time I go there I feel like there's something in the air. An air of pretension.  It just seems like everyone's trying a little too hard. But...my friends always love it there. 
The food ranges from delicious (nachos, burger) to bland (fish and chips, chicken wrap). Service is almost always slow, no matter how many people are there. The waitresses are pretty friendly and knowledgeable about the ever changing beer on tap. 
It's not a place for a quiet first date, especially if there's a game on. When school is back in session it can get pretty rowdy. The crowd is usually mid twenties to mid 30s and not bad looking at all. I recommend going with a big group, sitting at the table in the back by the pool table and challenging a cute guy (or girl) to best-out-of-3 darts. 
Oh ten stone, one day our love will bloom.I am in here all the time, the best time to go in between 4-7 pm in the afternoon. Steve, tends bar on Mondays and Wednesday.  Alex tends the bar on Thursdays and Amy tends the bar on Friday and Tuesday Kate tends the bar on Tuesdays. 
They have a very reasonable brunch on Sundays.   They also have a wide range of beers and alcohols 
Wanna have a nice time with a good and fun atmosphere! GO HERE!!! :)Pros: 
- Very good beer selection
- Self seating at tables for groups only wanting drinks
Cons:
- Service
My first time in there, I ordered Mussels as an app and the steak sandwich as my 2nd course.  The bartender forgot my mussels, so my sandwich came out first and I told him that it was fine and I'd keep the sandwich.  He replied, "It won't go to waste," and proceeded to eat my sandwich while he was still behind the bar!  So I got my mussels, which were pretty good, then my sandwich came out on ciabatta bread, rather than on a long roll, like the first one came out on.  The sandwich stealer told me that they didn't have any more long rolls (because he ate mine).  I sent it back and ordered the quesadilla, which was not good.  
I love beer, so I might be back, but I'm certainly not taking any more chances with the food.The chicken chili was really good. Pulled pork was okay but I was pretty full from the chili so might not be the best judge. Fries are good. Buffalo chicken wrap was good with the Bleu cheese in the ranch dressing. Service was good.Consistent local spot that has good food and good beer. I like it because it's always the same vibe in there, and you get what you pay for. You get locals and regulars, so after a while you recognize familiar faces, and they recognize yours. 
***update***
New menu is great, love everything they have on it. I'd recommend the flatbreads and the tacos. Service is always the best here.We ventured to Ten Stone for brunch on Saturday. The menu is decent and the portions are more than enough. I'm not a fan of the layout and I can't stand wobbly tables. I mean, it's your business, surly you noticed that all of your tables are ^%@$%^$^# wobbly!! Also, Ten Stone is very stroller friendly, which annoys me to no end. Strollers should stay outside. I can't bring my bike in, you shouldn't be able to bring in strollers. plus, babies suck!! just kidding...not really! Ten Stone gets about a 7.I can't believe I'm giving Ten Stone four stars, but it's really starting to grow on me as a bar. The food is more or less terrible IMO...with the exception of the wings, those are amazing. The rest of it is more or less pub grub, bordering on hipster-y. They have a ton of beers on tap and everything is fairly priced. Pool table and darts in the back room, plenty of seating, and lots of TV's. It's a good place to burn through some hours, but fair warning: it's a little disorienting to be day-drinking in there. All of a sudden you come outside and it's nighttime...A great little neighborhood bar, especially appealing on a warm summer night sitting outside or next to the large windows. A decent beer selection although not as extensive as one would like. Expect service to be pretty slow so don't go when in a hurry (especially seated outside) and the food is less-than-spectacular but we can always find something we like there.I only live a block away so it is easy to wander over.  Always a great beer selection, the fish tacos are crazy good (who knew?) and Papaya is an awesome server who always knows the beer I will like the best from their nice selection.  Can get a little too packed later at night with grad students so I avoid the late night crowd but before 9-10 PM or so it is perfectly fine for the over 30 crowd like myself.I have been here twice.  Both times the beer list was very interesting, and the food I had was decent.
I sat outside with three friends for beer and dinner after a volleyball game.  They had a nice selection of seasonal brews.  Three of us went for a peach wheat beer, and one had sour cherry ale.  The peach was good because it was not sweet, just had a hint of peach flavor.  I didn't try it but apparently the cherry ale did not taste like beer because it was really sweet.
Our waitress was friendly and attentive, but our order did get messed up because two of us ordered cobb salads with modifications.  I had a feeling when she didn't write anything down that there would be an issue.  The mistake was rectified  though, and all the food was decent.  Total price was about $20 per person.  It's in my neighborhood so I'll be back.Just got home from brunch at Ten Stone, I haven't been to brunch here in years because it was so terrible the last time. Seems that not all things improve with time. Service was horrible, the waitress said that the only offerings were what was listed on the menu, but then let another member of our group order off menu. Finally was able to order eggs over easy, scrapple, home fries, toast. The scrapple was deep fried and so overdone that all that was served to me was a crisp brown shell, totally inedible. Toast was hard as a rock, eggs were cold and she brought an entire second order of home fries. When told that no one had ordered the extra potatoes, waitress kindly said we would not be charged for them, but of course we were. I ordered a sidecar, but was informed that this is a 'neighborhood bar' and didn't have things like brandy or cognac. Or, obviously, any clue about stocking a bar or how to prepare a decent meal. Wild dogs couldn't drag me back to this sorry excuse for a bar/restaurant. Avoid at all cost.My first visit to Ten Stone was for drinks only and I was impressed.  We came to shoot a little pool and didn't have to wait too long to get on a table on this particular Saturday evening.  Ten Stone is pretty big and while there seemed to be a good deal of people around it didn't feel packed at all.  I love it when a bunch of people are around but hate that cramped feeling, so that fact that Ten Stone managed to find that happy medium is a win in my book.  The draft beer selection was long and diverse, meaning finding something to enjoy wasn't a problem, although settling on the final choice did take me a few.   The only negative over our stay was the going rate for pool - $1.50 a game seems a little high.  That isn't going to stop me from coming back, and depending on the night I might even grab a bite...We came to Ten Stone for Sunday Brunch because we didn't want to wait in long lines elsewhere and this restaurant did not have a wait.  This should have been a red flag, but we were hungry and went with it.  We were greeted pretty quickly with much appreciated waters, but I have to say that this was the highlight of our visit.  The waitress brought us three coffees when we ordered two and then didn't come back again.  It seemed as though the entire wait staff was ignoring us as we attempted to get their attention - the bar tender was eating her meal behind the bar rather than helping out her fellow employees.  A different waitress approached our table about 20 minutes later to ask if we had given our orders yet at which time we gave our orders to her.  My friend's mimosa never arrived and when our food did arrive 45 minutes later, it was cold and mediocre.  Even though the food wasn't expensive, I found our meals (nachos, omelets, and French toast) to be extremely disappointing especially for the time we waited.  When it came time to pay, our waitress was a ball of attitude, but by this point we were so anxious to leave the establishment that we would have taken any sort of acknowledgement to proceed with payment.  The ambiance was charming - I was exited upon arrival.  The service was horrendous and I will never - ever - be back here again.A-OK is Ten Stone in a nutshell. I'm probably not going to say no if someone suggests we go here, but I'm also not going to travel more than 4 or 5 blocks for this place. The free darts and pool table in the back room are a huge plus, especially because of their magical ability to smooth over any awkward lulls in conversation if you're meeting a bunch of new people at once. Because it's not an incredibly special bar, Ten Stone never gets really crowded, which I actually don't mind because it's a good place to talk amongst a sizeable group of people and still be heard across the table. 
The beer list is pretty decent as well despite the limited happy hour specials. The food is kind of disappointing though. I got a veggie burger from here almost 2 years ago and I remembered it being REALLY good (I eat a ton of veggie burgers, so it's remarkable that the burger was a standout). However, I had it again recently and it was kind of a bummer. Everything on the plate was lukewarm, but while the burger had the texture of an undercooked microwave meal, the fries seemed like they had been cooked properly a while ago and were left sitting around. The waitress was kind of inattentive and I was so hungry, that by the time the food came, I just went with it instead of sending it back. The complete "meh"-ness of the meal had me wondering if maybe I had had one too many beers that night when the burger was miraculous. The flavors this time were just fine; I was just surprised at the lazy execution and presentation. Despite that culinary shortcomings, I always manage to have a good time here and I would still come back for drinks any time I'm in the neighborhood.A diverse rotation of taps, really good fish tacos and wonderful service. A go to place on week nights. The flank steak salad is delicious. Comfy outside seating.Great beer selection. Appears to be a rotating selection, displayed on Philly's favorite menu method, the overused chalk board (but I do have to admit, I still love it)
Good crowd. Mix of younger and older, but mostly older. 
Bartenders were friendly, helpful with beer selections, and just generally, very nice. 
We visited on a friday night. Not necessarily the place to watch a game on a weekend night.I am always craving their Wasabi Tuna wrap with a side salad. They have tons of homemade vinaigrette to choose from. My favorite is the Mango.
The beers are kind of expensive. (5 dollars for a Yuengling is too much, IMO) T
here are pool and darts in the back room, and the bar is never uncomfortably crowded.
Once the server kept my leftovers in the fridge for me since we were staying to drink for awhile.This might be my favorite spot for happy hour. Not that I'm an expert in Philly bars. But what makes this place great is the layout. It's nice and spacious. My guess is that it can accommodate several large parties of, say, 6-8 people. It's comfortable, and it attracts what I call "good people", rather than douches. Good beer menu too. And really good food.
Oh, and also, from what I can remember, they've got plenty of TVs scattered around the place showing the various games, and what not.Whether I like it or not, Ten Stone is my neighborhood bar. My experiences here have ranged from sub-par to wonderful.
The good:
Beer selection. Kind bartenders. The chicken and brie sandwich. The atmosphere (I think it's just cozy enough, with exposed brick and chalkboards).
The bad:
BRUNCH (weak bloody mary, the omelets looked awful, my salad was watery). Appetizer prices (cost just as much as a meal).
It's a nice place to have a drink or two, but it's not somewhere you'd want to stay til close.Consistent local spot that has good food and good beer. I like it because it's always the same vibe in there, and you get what you pay for. You get locals and regulars, so after a while you recognize familiar faces, and they recognize yours.I would love to give Ten Stone a higher rating based on their beer selection and the tasty chicken brie melt I had there, but the place is just too darn loud.  I would actually give them 3.5 stars if that was an option.  I have been here a couple times and each time I have had to yell above the deafening jukebox which was playing less than desirable tunes.  Having to yell my conversations over the other 100 people yelling their conversations makes for a rather unrelaxing evening.
But onto the food and drinks.
I had the chicken brie melt which comes on onion ciabatta bread, and it is seriously almost a foot long.  However the chicken is spread pretty thin across the bread, so you're mostly eating the bread.  I hate tomatoes but the balsamic-marinated cherry tomatoes in this sandwich were the perfect complement to the creamy brie.  Overall the sandwich would get 4 stars.  They had several beers on tap including a few Northern California beers that reminded me of home.
One puzzling thing is the fact that the appetizers were just as much or more in price as the sandwiches.  This is a shame because they all sounded so good, however paying $11 for an appetizer when my sandwich was only $10 seemed a bit wonky in my opinion.  Service was attentive and friendly despite how busy it was.Since I moved 1 block away from this place, I have been going more and more often.  Let me tell you something.  SERVICE AT THE BAR IS AWFUL.  No matter what time of day or how crowded (or not) the bar is, I am always waiting to be served and waiting ages to pay.  Sometimes girlfriend needs to gets going quickly and can not wait for you to stop flirting with whatever guy/girl you're flirting with to pay.I've been to this place for lunch in the afternoon and for drinks at night, and I'd recommend going for lunch. When it gets crowded in the evenings it's SO loud. It must have something to do with how the place is built...I don't know. But it's annoying. I went here with a friend who is deaf in one ear, and we had to go all the way into the back, where there are some tables off the main bar area, to get away from the echoing racket.
I've only eaten one thing here, a salad with (I think) goat cheese, sliced apple, cashews and some other stuff, and I love it. It also has a decent beer selection. 
The only reason to go to Ten Stone is if you live in the neighborhood -- there's no reason to travel very far for this place. On the plus side, the bathroom is very cool.Perfect neighborhood place to catch a game, get a sandwich, and enjoy some delicious craft beers.  They often have my all time favorite beer La Chouffe available, but they also have a good selection for all tastes.  There's plenty of room here and a pool table in the back.  Great pitstop before last call on our walk home!I've lived in the neighborhood for over three years and this is probably the only place I haven't had a terrible experience at. It's a pub, not much to it, what makes it for me is the usual decent service & their nachos ;-) great spot for soccer games, beers, pool, darts, it's not you're place if you're into trendy joints and are high maintenance. I've gone in there just to use the wifi and sip on one drink & never came across rudeness, that's enough for me to go back.My boyfriend and I decided to take advantage of the nice weather and go for a bike ride in the city.  We took the Schuykill Banks trail to the very end, popped onto 25th and rode it til we had no choice but to turn onto South Street.  The boyfriend had mentioned 10 Stone in the past, but it's so out of the way from us we never made it there.  Don't you know it was right around the corner from our bike tour??  We parked.
The place is seat yourself, so go wherever and find a seat...just hope that a waitress finds you.  Your best bet is to grab a seat at the bar because you'll have the bartender's attention the whole night.  We sat for 10 minutes before I went and got menus from the bartender, then sat for another 10 minutes or so waiting for the waitress to take our drink orders...then another 10 minutes to get our drinks of which the beer wasn't included.  It's definitely a casual place.
The food is pretty good.  Decent portions for the price.  I ordered the fish tacos but regretted my order as I saw massive salad bowls passing me by.  They looked very large and very fresh, but nobody yelped about the salads!  The boyfriend ordered the ham & cheese on a pretzel bun.  We got the hummus as an appetizer.  I misjudged my hunger...definitely didn't need the hummus.  The hummus also came with pesto on the side, which was a nice surprise and very tasty...enough basil to balance the oil.  My fish tacos were crispy and fresh - an appetizer normally, I got it as my entree and you get 3 flour tortilla tacos with lettuce, tomato, and a drizzle of a sour cream sauce.  The boyfriend's sandwich was a pretzel (looked like the superpretzel you buy at a baseball game) sliced in half with the most delicious ham.  Moist and sweet.  I want to say the cheese is gruyere but I can't remember...it was good.  It was a tad bit messy since they drizzle honey mustard all over the top...and we only had knives because the waitress never gave us forks.
I'd go here again, but I'd sit at the bar and I'd order the salad I wanted.  Bonus, lots of dogs sit outside...so there's a lot of opportunities to snuggle a wittly baybay puppy dawggggg.  Ahem.Good bar food and service. Easy to go to for a drink or bite to eat. Some of the crowd that goes there can get annoying.Ten Stone, you've lost me. I've wanted this place to thrive and have patronized it for many years. I'm DONE. The service is slow and it's bad.  I'm tired of ordering, getting half of what we ordered and having to ask to get the forgotten items removed. I'm tired of asking for a side salad and getting fries. I'm just tired of your crappy service and expensive, so so beers. I'm the least picky customer ever, but I'm done.This place has a good atmosphere and a very neighborhoody feel.  I'm not a regular, but some of the bartenders still seem to know/recognize me.  The food is OK, and I can usually find something on their extensive menu that I want to eat.  The menu hasn't changed in years, though.  They have a good beer selection, but I'm more of a wine drinker.Don't come here if you're looking for quick service. Arrived here at 3:20 and found a seat. We had to wait 10 minutes before a menu was given to us. Finally got to put in our order and after an hour of sitting and waiting (now 4:25) we are just receiving out appetizer. The couple next to us surprising came 10 minutes ago and received there food in a timely manner.  At this rate we are going to have to cancel our order and leave to never return.We went here for brunch on Sunday, and I must say I'd like to try it just for drinks or dinner.
We did not have any alcohol, and I hate to admit it but the only reason we tried it was because of the 30 hour wait at Honeys across the street.
Nobody complained about their food, but nothing was spectacular.  I had the special, it was a frittata with scrapple and brie. It was obvious to me that the dish was baked in mass and then cut out and given, I was expecting it to be made and baked as I ordered it.  Parts of it were dried out.
I would definitely go back for dinner or lunch, but not for brunch.This is a decent place with decent food and beer selections. The service was very good. We ate lunch there and their soup special was excellent. The entree was good but nothing spectacular. I would go back to the place. Very laid back atmosphere while we were in there.This used to be the Hot Club, where Elvis Costello played his first show in Philly in 1977.  I love going there just for that.
The Ten Stone though is great.  It's relaxed and chill and also PACKED.  I came here on an internet pubcrawl and we had tons of fun.  The food is good and the drinks prices aren't bad at all.EDIT: Ten Stone has a nasty habit of becoming douchey at night... I tried to ignore it because I really liked it a lot, but the more I come the less I like the people . It seems like nearby Pub and Kitchen (better) and Resurrection (better) have sucked away the people who are older than 22, because I'm not that old but feel like I missed a sign on the door of Ten Stone saying people in their mid-20s aren't allowed.
I think it's pretty safe to say that Ten Stone is a solid Philly bar. It has a very neighborhoody feel, but doesn't cross the line into dive territory. I've eaten here twice and was quite happy with the food I had each time. I was most impressed with the beer selection, though. Their 8 or 10 taps were filled with beers I had never had or never heard of. I love trying new beers, and do it quite frequently, so it's not very common for me to come across a bar where the majority of beers are completely new to me. So Ten Stone gets some bonus points in that category. 
In general, I really liked it, and will most certainly return!Ten Stone is a local bar for me. I frequent it about once a month.  The crowd is a good mix of people, pretty low key, and they have large tables to accommodate decent sized parties.  Their wines leave something to be desired but it's not that kind of bar.  The food is okay.  It could be more creative or stepped up a little but it serves it's purpose.
There beer list is pretty good.  They pay attention to seasonal beers, the recently passed holidays come to mind as they stocked festive Belgian brews and celebratory beers.  
My only real complaint is that the waitresses don't really seem to know anything about beer.  They can't really answer semi-intelligent questions about what they're serving.  The bartenders seem to be a little more knowledgeable.  All in all it's a decent place.  Also, glassware is sometimes inappropriate for the beers they serve.I enjoy Ten Stone.  They have a good beer selection, good menu, and great wings.  I'm not a fan of any bar when they get too crowded, but if I get a seat at the bar I have no problem dealing with the crowd. Great for Sunday Fun-day Brunch!I went to Ten Stone and got the best service from Kate . Thank You Kate. The Fresh Tuna steak salad was great . I get the best service from KateSince its right nearby to my place, thought I'd give this place a try. Its exactly what I expected. Slightly better... a good place to watch a football game, grab a lunch and a beer on Sunday. Service is SLOW. I completely agree with the other reviews. I had the wings which were pretty good. I really can't get excited about it. Lots of beers on tap. This place is just so so to me.Huge Fan!!! Their Cheese Fondue is awesome, and they have a great selection of beers.  Food is great and is our 'go to' place in the neighborhood for a hang out/good meal!!Go for the beer and maybe the Brie and Blue Cheese Fondue. Stick to that.
I live about a stone's throw from Ten Stone and want more than anything for this place to be THE SPOT. Yet the convenience factor is overshadowed by the lack of decent food and the mediocre waitservice. The beer list is pretty great and changes frequently which is great for trying different brews and flavors. I particularly like that they seem to take into account the changing seasons so you can usually find a few summer beers in the summer and a few pumpkin or autumn ales in the fall. The place is pretty huge as there are two rooms for dining and another large room with pool tables and dart boards. When I've gone for beer and games I've absolutely loved this place. When I've gone for food.....heartbreak.
Also, be careful if you are heading there on a weekend night as the place gets extremely loud and it becomes virtually impossible to hear the person next to you. But find a spot in the back room and you should be fine.
Other pluses: They have an ATM inside and they offer outdoor seating when the weather is nice. 
All in all, this is a place that is good in theory and not so good in practice.They've got a decent but overpriced beer selection, but in Graduate Hospital who doesn't have a good beer selection? The place is nicely decorated, so good on them for that, but the food is average at best and the service doesn't make up the difference. There's nothing to write home about here and it's surrounded by better and cheaper alternatives. Ten Stone, step your game up.I like Ten Stone.  Lets get that out of the way first and then I can move onto the points where I think they could improve.  The beer selection is solid, seems to rotate quite a lot which I'm always a fan of and I generally like the atmosphere.  The brunch is in my opinion, the best value in the city and it will always be my first or second choice when I'm feeling too lazy on a Sunday to make my own food.
Bad things, a couple of which have already been picked up on.  Firstly, the crowd that inhabits the place on a Saturday night aren't particularly my scene, so I tend to avoid these nights.  The food is generally ok but not mind blowing.  The apple, walnut and goats cheese salad was good but somewhat heavy on the spinach and extremely low on the cheese.  If I spend that much on a salad, I want an entire round of goats cheese and I don't think that's too much to ask, I've certainly seen it elsewhere.
Staff have always been friendly in my experience and are happy to help.  So my vote, go midweek or go on a Sunday morning for the brunch, I recommend the lox bagel ( though I've heard the breakfast burrito is also pretty good).Ten stone opened in 2003 with a casual fare of food and atmosphere. The menu is a good and not too expensive. They have an assortment of alcohol everything from bottled beer to whisky 
Bar is okay depending on who takes care of you. . Sometimes it does get hectic and busy. . Steve tends the bar every Monday and Wednesday Kate every Tuesday. Tony every Thursday and Felicia every Friday. They also all do table service as well.Not a bad spot for a rainy day or when you just really want a full belly.    (I usually get the buffalo chicken wrap as a sandwich... yummy).  The prices are fine and the beer selection is pretty good.
Nothing to write home about, but not a bad spot for meeting up with friends for lunch and brunch (they usually have specials on mimosas on Sundays).Yes, it's loud on the weekends and the jukebox could be turned down a peg or two, but as long as you're aware of and ok with that before going in it shouldn't be a problem. It's much more relaxed on the weekdays.
The crown is mostly 20-somethings either in college or fresh out, but for the most part everyone knows how to behave themselves. This isn't a destination that attracts people coming in to the city to get drunk and act obnoxious (I'm looking at you, Jersey).
Nice beer selection, decent food, and being 3 blocks from my front door make this my numero duo neighborhood bar of choice.4 stars for the atmosphere and beer list, but the food has only been mediocre to date.  They have a great tap and bottle list.  The atmosphere is very laid back.  Very friendly service.  I've tried a couple of their wraps and haven't been overly impressed.Great place for groups. Nice selection of beers and a dart board in the side room. Good crowds, nice local folk. They do a good burger and I'm a fan of the fish tacos. The price is a little much to come on a daily basis but if you're meeting a bunch of people after work, Ten Stone will set the scene for a great evening. And the bathrooms? Great. Beautiful sink.
The downside: pretty poor service away from the bar. And I think the jukebox is broken. It ate two dollars and didn't play any of our songs.Update:
Their BRUNCH is A-OK.  We were able to get a table right away, they have outdoor seating as well when it's nice out, and the food actually had taste to it! who knew?! 
Granted, when I went to brunch there I had very very very very insanely low expectations due to my horrible dinner experience...  so someone else might just think "eh, it's alright."   
My two friends got the breakfast burrito & the omelette of the day (something with crab?) and I got eggs benedict. Mine looked the most appetizing out of the three but they both said they liked their food too. The mimosas were refreshing and bubbly; the bloody marys looked like a hot mess and were very very peppery (although my friend said it was really good and you all may like them; i just find them disgusting in general). 
So I'll only go to Ten Stone for brunch now... they've redeemed themselves slightly.  A table who came in after us still got served before us though and that seriously annoys me to no end.Nice neighborhood bar that serves above-average bar food. I wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but if you're craving a good sandwich, they have a nice, varied selection beyond your standard grilled chicken or burgers, as well as interesting salads and appetizers. Sunday brunch is excellent (especially the French Toast), but GET THERE EARLY or else be prepared for a long wait. Mixed drinks are not the best, but the beer selection is good.A fun hang- out but the food is pretty bad, besides the fish tacos.  Our server recommended the burger and I assumed with Grace Tavern across the street they would know what a good burger is.  I was wrong! An over cooked greasy pre-made patty is what I got.  On a 2nd occasion I had a BLT for breakfast......How they managed to make a bad BLT I can't understand!  How do you ruin bacon?A cool bar with decent food options, but don't come here if you're looking for "pub cuisine."  If you're looking for a beer after work or on the weekend, this is a great scene.I am lucky to be able to call Ten Stone my local bar. Its ideal location from my apartment has meant numerous meals and nights out there.
Never have I ever had a bad meal here, but also no menu items have had me drooling for more. In the appetizers department, the hummus and pita is fresh and the addition of olive oil is a nice touch. The fish tacos are also tasty with a flavorful cilantro sauce. The highlight I've found is the brie and bleu cheese fondue. Its very rich but tons of flavor, don't be shy to ask for extra dipping bread!
I believe all the entrees are sandwiches which is fine by me. I've had the chicken brie melt (a little too much balsamic), the burger (juicy), tuna wrap (perfect sear and spice), spicy turkey reuben (sauerkraut overload), and the tuscan chicken (great pesto). Make sure to get the generous amount of crispy fries to go along.
The crowd at night draws in the local crowd. It's always on the casual which is nice. I've never seen it too crowded but it fills up on the weekends. Unfortunately, there is no happy hour nor nightly specials and their drafts run about $6 a pop. On nice days there is some outdoor seating too although the inconsistent wait service gets even more dicey out there.I like this place a lot lol, not sure why it has 3 stars. One of the few neighborhood bars thats open pretty early. Lots of open space and plenty of seating. Food is meh, but it's a nice spot to grab a quick drink. Pool table and dart board.We decided to watch the Eagles game at Ten Stone thinking they would have some decent specials and to try out their bar food. We easily got a table with a perfect view of the TV and were impressed that there were a bunch of Eagles fans already glued to the TVs as well. Bonus: there were plenty of high quality TVs throughout the two rooms and around the bar.
We were disappointed that the only special was $3.75 for a pint of Guinness. That's not exactly a special in my opinion... We shared an order of chicken quesadillas which were surprisingly good. They were filled with seasoned chicken, peppers, onions, mushrooms, and just the right amount of cheese. They were served with below average guacamole and sour cream that were clearly not homemade.  They were only $9 which was pretty reasonable as they filled us up for the remainder of the game.  From what I saw the wings and nachos looked decent and are on my list for next time. The service was decent too.
I'll give Ten Stone another try but would like to see some decent specials.  Overall this place is just OK. The location is ideal and I think that's why so many people continue to frequent Ten Stone.  If they get more competition in this neighborhood, Ten Stone will need to step up it's game.Good food. Try the fish tacos. Delicious and filling. The atmospher isnt my cup of tea, but hey, who am I to judge. Good food. A little bit like the Abbaye of Soso.Bad food, lousy menu, poor service, dirty place, too loud!!   Time for the owner to sell as they obviously don't care.This is a great place to grab a beer and burger. Friendly staff, good location too. Its a bit pricey for what you get, but overall I'm a fan.Ten Stone is a great place for what it is: a neighborhood bar. It has solid food--it's not extremely creative or anything, but this is a bar, not a gastro-pub, nor does it claim to be one. The atmosphere is very laid back; I've gone there wearing everything from paint-splattered ripped jeans to a cocktail dress and felt fine. Beers are great. And service is fine. Again, not spectacular, but typical for a bar. The servers and bartenders are always friendly. 
It's my number one neighborhood go-to, and that includes for takeout when I don't feel like cooking. The tuna wrap is divine if you like rare tuna with a wasabi kick. 
I will reiterate that it is loud on weekends. But a great place to watch a Phillies game...It's a nice "all around" place.
The beer selection is good. Young's Double Chocolate Stout is on tap every once in awhile. Nice!
The place seems comfortable to me. Yeah, it's a little loud. Yeah, the crowd can be a little" khaki and loafer" but it doesn't bother me. I used to live close to Ten Stone and have had many meals there. The sanwiches are big. I like the pressed cuban sanwich. The fish and chips are good but I'd like another piece of fish for the price.
As I've mentioned regarding other places just like Ten Stone.....I'm not coming across town just to go there, but I'll be back for sure.
PS: Can someone please tell the young blonde who always seems to be at the bar when I go in that yes she's pretty, but not that pretty, and her attitude and constant need to involve herself in everything is old. Shut up and drink your Miller Lite bottle.Perhaps I've been lucky everytime that I've gone but I've never once had slow or bad service here. The staff has always been friendly and welcoming each time I've been there and are helpful in terms of making your experience a pleasant one. Granted, I can understand if service is a bit slow on Sundays because good Brunch places in this area of Philly aren't very prevalent. 
Anyway, the food. It's reallyreallyreally good. Do yourself a huge favor and get the brie and blue cheese fondue. It contains mushrooms as well and it really compliments the cheesy heaven. I took one bite and I got a little bit closer to heaven (as well a little bit fatter but whatever it was SO WORTH IT). It's served with a huge pile of toasted and they actually give you way too much in my opinion. Minor detail. 
Vegetarians, fear not. They have yummy salads and other veg-friendly sandwiches. I recently crossed over to vegetarianism so I was excited to find that I could still enjoy a great bar that has great food. Try the California salad (I think that's the name). It has sprouts, avocado, mango, corn, red peppers, and other yummy goodness. I didn't get the dressing because for some reason I decided on balsamic vinegar that day, but it was so good. The portions are huge and you will definitely have enough to make a meal out of your leftovers. 
The only negative thing I have to say is certain beers are a tad over-priced. They have a decent selection that is rotated on occasion, which, last I checked, includes a framboise lambic (score). 
OH and they have outdoor seating as well. Take advantage of that while the weather is still gorgeous.We have been coming here off and on for a few years. Tonight I called ahead to watch the steelers game, and bartender STEVE answered the phone. Steve was accommodating and made sure we had what we needed while watching the game. 
We had decent cheese steak spring rolls. My fiancée had the chile (7 out of 10), I had the Muscels (too much garlic but good otherwise).
This place will help you with what you need based on my experience. ASK FOR STEVE.No, do not go unless there is a reason that you must.The best part about this business is its location and beer selection. Other than this, it is basically a suburban chain restaurant in an English pub's clothing. The food will whisper this to you. Also, the good beer is always overpriced and there is never a happy hour special. Pootang my friend, please do not be tricked into thinking otherwise.Great local pub! Staff is awesome. Food is superb. I like the tune wrap, but that's methis is a great neighborhood bar. great beer selection and pretty good bary food as well. if you all remember the dump that used to be at this address many years ago that you know what a big improvment it is. since my memory is shot i can't remember the name but i do remember that it was one of the only places that served me when i wasn't legal. definently worth a visit or moreGood beer list. Food is underwhelming. Bartenders are friendly. They offer out door seating and have darts in the back they get pretty crowded during the weekends. Prices are a little steep for the quality of food they offer.  Not really in a rush to return.This place is usually a little TOO crowded and noisy, but at noon on a Tuesday, it was DEAD.  When the bartender finally left his two bar patrons and approached the only occupied table, he took our order, got it wrong, and served us tasteless food.
My luncheon partner said they would not return.
I don't blame them.Had brunch there recently with family and out-of-town friends. The meal was inedible. The eggs Benedict were hard-boiled with no hollandaise sauce, the crab was tasteless, and the much-ballyhooed 4egg omelet was 2 eggs short. Never go backCozy and pleasant enough; haven't been for brunch which I hear is a major draw. I found the food to be pretty lackluster, though. Decent and sizable salads, okay burger. Would opt for some other place in the 'hood if I had my druthers.I was in the area and decided to come in for a quick bite. Not to actually drink though, with it being a bar. That's my own fault. Customers were very loud and it wasn't even that busy. Food was... decent? That's as much I can really say. I can see myself coming back here though (if I was in the area), but not a place I'd go out of my way for.Best BBQ beef sandwich in the city.  Always a great selection of beers on tap. Service can be hit or miss.Ten Stone is a great neighborhood spot. They get a good crowd, but it's pretty spacious so it's not hard to find a table. The waitresses are fast and friendly, which you don't always find late-night. Great selection of beers on tap, although it was slightly disappointed not to find a pumpkin beer this time of year. I finally got to try their nachos and can confidently say they were some of the best I've had in Philadelphia, surprisingly. Very flavorful and they layered the cheese all the way through, a crucial component of building nachos that most places neglect to do. And they serve them with guacamole (I'm not a guac person but I can appreciate not being charged extra for it). I'll be back for more!I hosted a happy hour at Ten Stone on a Friday for a group of 25 people, reserving their side room with the pool table and darts.
Ten Stone was so accommodating & our server was excellent! The event was such a success! I will definitely consider Ten Stone as the venue for future happy hours...
The truffle popcorn and crab dip are a must-order for appetizers! We really enjoyed the pretzel roll sandwiches as well.Golden Monkey on tap - hey those are my four favorite words too!!  (@ mark p)  wish i'd eaten inside so i would have known that.  shame that its only redeeming quality i learned in retrospect! 
this was THE single most awkward dining experience of my near-4-year stint in philadelphia.  perhaps something was up this past weekend; but it was an uncrowded madhouse.  two words you wouldn't expect to see next to each other.
i have a bad habit of ALWAYS seeking out new food places despite the circumstances, which in this case were needing to get to the airport to get my friend on her 1:50pm flight.  it was 11:30am.  a close-cutter by nature, i figured that would give us more than enough time for brunch in center city first.  SO wrong.  first we walked into ants pants, and after asking the hostess to estimate the wait time and receiving a snarky "we don't estimate" we turned around and walked out.  next place we ran into was ten stone, and i was a little wary of the fact that it was totally empty but i guess we didn't really have time to menu-shop and line-hop at other spots across the city, so i decided to settle.  sat outside, though after walking inside to let the servers know we were there i did notice the sheer uncrowdedness of it.  five minutes later we were still wondering where our menus were.  it took probably close to 20 minutes to get the menus, order drinks, get drinks, and place our food order.  and when i am in a rush, i am very obvious about being in a rush.  i was sitting up very straight, constantly looking over my shoulder for our waitress.  i made it pretty damn apparent we were in a hurry, and in case i wasn't obvious enough i even stated we had to eat and run to catch a flight.  can't get much more obvious than that.  so drinks come, and they're actually pretty decent mimosas, strong.  we place our order.  a whole 50 minutes after seating ourselves, we STILL don't have our order!  but we're still better off than the table next to us, who came in five minutes after us; they don't even have their drinks!!!  we spent the time listening to other tables complain about various things and our waitress apologizing profusely left and right.   the order finally arrives just as i was ready to call the whole thing off (now exactly 1 hour before said flight leaves) and.... it's wrong.  my vegetarian friend has a ham and egg hoagie in front of her.  seriously?!!  our waitress apologized, offered to buy us a round of drinks (in any other situation i would have taken her up on it... five times), and actually had the correct order out in a jiffy, relatively speaking.  we scarfed down our food, tossed some bills on the table, and hauled ass to the airport arriving at 1:21 for a 1:50 flight, one minute after they're supposed to close ticketing.  she got lucky and made her flight. 
now onto the menu itself, it's not a great brunch menu.  it's very limited and very eggy and meaty and fairly plain and boring.  where's my english muffin?  pancakes?  (with all the backup at this restaurant, they should seriously be advised that pancakes are one of THE easiest things to make)  plain french toast?  belgian waffle?  i ended up getting the frosted-flake crusted french toast but i would have much preferred regular french toast.  you really cannot go wrong with regular french toast, where the frosted flake one was a tad awkward.  oh, and it came with an apple compote which i asked them to hold.  the word "compote" has no place on a menu.  it is a disgusting word to look at, and it is never a great thing to eat.  fresh strawberries on my breakfast or bust.  even if not for the weird non-service, the food would still only get two stars from me.  and that is generous.While I think this is a cute little neighborhood bar, I found myself disappointed after eating here.  We were seated inside, which I found to be loud due to the fact that they were playing the music loudly which forced everyone to talk louder in order to be heard over it.  It's a small space; it didn't seem necessary to have the music on that loud before 10PM since everyone there was coming for either dinner or beer and appetizers.  Their beer list is pretty good, but when you compare this bar to the other ones in the area, their selection and food falls short.  I had the Ten Stone burger, which was decent.  They will cook it medium rare, but it wasn't a life changing burger.  Resurrection Ale House and Grace's Tavern have much better options as far as burgers and pub fare go.  The service was a bit slow, nothing terrible, but overall, I would have rather gone somewhere with better food where it was easier to hear the people I came with.Ten stone is a nice place to relax, grab a drink and a bite, and watch the game. This is one of the few places that I visit on a regular basis that hasn't involved anyone being bitchy/pretentious/annoying. Gotta love it. The price is decent, and the filet mignon cheesesteak is super delicious.Nothing like a bunch of drunk bartenders to ruin your night. Ten Stone is everything that is wrong with the world., They have mediocre food, with overpriced drinks and bartenders who are drunker than you are. This is not  a recipe for success. I have to honestly say it took me 30 minutes to close out my tab. The bartender for some reason was incapable of multi-tasking(because she was drunk) and the other guy behind the bar was pouring drinks for him and his friends. On top of that the crowd is super yuppie. Isn't this place in south Philly? I would much rather go to Sidecar any day of the week.Most UPENN graduates who bite-lip and realize there's nothing for them outside of Philadelphia.. and are still desperate to live as the kids do, usually end up in the blighted awkwardness of Manyunk . They spend their weekends terrorizing local businesses, picking glass out of their palms, and grinding their teeth in the direction of rational social etiquette.... 
The rest....? 
They frequent Ten Stone.
All the time.I went in here a few months ago for a late lunch as I had been very busy working that day and really needed a nosh and though a burger and beer would be great.  There were maybe four other people at the bar and no one at the tables.  The female bartender was too busy having a show-and-tell session about her new shoes with a friend/patron to even acknowledge me even though I was sitting at the bar ten feet away from them.  After sitting for minutes on end I got up and left.    If you do go their fish taco appetizer makes a good small meal all by itself.  Many items on the menu are very average to unappetizing and of course the service blows.I am really surprised I have not reviewed Ten Stone yet because I find myself here once every week or every other week (sometimes more). This is pretty much my go-to bar for weekend nights, after work drinks, bar to go to when there is a blizzard outside and you find yourself there for 8 hours, etc.
The food is actually good and really well priced. I love the brunch - $2 mimosas on Sundays and the eggs benedict is served on brioche bread instead of an english muffin. I also like to swap the candian ham for scrapple because scrapple is wonderful and makes me happy inside.
The beer list is pretty extensive and the vodka sodas are cheap. Also, the place is huge and includes a pool table, darts, and outdoor seating. Sometimes I like to bring catch phrase in my purse and play it there - no one seems to mind.
All in all, great neighborhood bar with good prices and decent food.Ten Stone is in an unassuming building and I've lived one block away for 20 years before ever going in to check out the food. Finally last Sundat around 5 pm I remembered to give it a try. I have been missing out on a great place all this time. I was with a friend who ordered the grilled chicken breast on a unique and delicious pretzel roll. Not only did she say it was delicious, she had double the chicken usually served on a sandwich. This left enough for her to take half of the chicken home for another meal that week. I ordered a hamburger, which arrived just as I asked - very well done. I don't know why it's so difficult to get a hamburger cooked the way I like it, but at Ten Stone it was perfect. The burger came with french fries which were hot, cooked just nicely and tasted great. My hamburger was very large but tasted so good that I made sure to finish every bite.  One extra that I really appreciated was when I asked the waitress for a large iced tea when she took our order. She quickly replied that  since they have just one size, she would bring me two to start. It was a very hot day and it was great to have enough to drink without needing to search for the server and waiting for more to drink. The same was true with everything. The salt was on the table and our server brought ketchup and extra napkins with the food, another part of excellent service from start to finish. I'm not a big fan of the sports on TV and the food was so good, we did not even think about ordering alcohol. This was a very pleasant experience with an unusually reasonable check at the end. We can't wait to go back.Think of all the things you want in a neighborhood bar:
A mix of cute interesting (with a little attitude) waitresses, funny smart bartenders, a good but not overwhelming beer selection, a notch above the ordinary bar food,  well-placed TVs to cheer on the local sports, plenty of seats with various rooms, outdoor seating when the weather is decent, and other forms of entertainment once the conversation gets stale in the form of a pool table or darts or a jukebox.
It's Ten Stone. 
I've been here in my pajamas. Last winter when it snowed so hard, this was the bar we all gathered at-- and it was packed. I've made friends with the waitresses. I've eaten their version of a cheesesteak. I've lost an embarrassing number of games of pool here. 
You can come and talk to no one, or come and talk to everybody. 
Some seasons I'm sick of going there, other days I'm grateful.Love the pool table and atmosphere beyond it.
Hidden gem and I hope it stays like it does.This neighborhood bar on upper west South Street is always busy and can get a bit claustrophobic despite the fact that the space is not tiny but the outdoor tables are great.  Relaxed but generally good service.  Can qualify as one of the better beer bars in the city with local and imports on tap.  Menu heavy on trencherman size sandwiches like roasted pork but does venture outside the confines of pub grub occasionally with risotto fritters and fondue.  If you're hungry, in the neighborhood and want a good beer, this is the place.Good neighborhood spot.  Most of the food is surprisingly good.  Crab dip is killer.  I find that for being as far removed from center city as it is, there should be some drink specials, which there never are.  That's the only reason it doesn't get a higher rating for meI met a girlfriend for drinks at Ten Stone tonight and was disappointed to find that they don't run a happy hour. We each ordered a glass of wine (I know, I know, who orders wine at Ten Stone - us!). The wine was pretty good (they had a few selections) but I felt that it was overpriced at $7 and $8 a glass for obviously inexpensive Pinot Grigiot and Riesling. The place smelled a lot like stale beer, which I guess should be expected. The table next to us got nachos, which looked incredible. I will go back just to sit outside and get a big thing of those nachos. The service was good and our waitress was friendly.A friend and I ended up here for brunch because there were long lines everywhere else in the South St area. We did not even know whether Ten Stone was open for brunch. Lucky for us it was open and not crowded. We both enjoyed the eggs benedict - one with crab, one without. The eggs were on a foccacia-style muffin, light and crunchy. I got a salad instead of home fries - it was a very large and tasty salad. The service was very good. The main reason I did not give this place 5 stars is because the music was so loud we had to shout at each other to have a conversation and I ended up with an irritated throat.Came here for a casual business dinner. Sort of dimly lit and a bit loud -- not the best atmosphere for a high-pressured meeting, but it worked just fine for our more casual get-together. Parking is rough, of course, so plan some extra time. An extensive beer menu and friendly yet laid-back waitress greeted us. Our table split an order of nachos to start. I then opted for the pulled pork sandwich which was huge although it left a bit to be desired in terms of flavor. The pepperoncinis were pretty overpowering and I would have appreciated a bit more taste from the pork.I work a few blocks away & this is our office go-to lunch spot. I've tried mostly everything on the menu, and have never had a bad meal here. Having been for happy hour once or twice, the beer selection is really nice as well. The atmosphere is comfortable and relaxing. I definitely recommend it.Service was terrible! And I mean terrible. We had to find a waitress to get (and pay) our bill. We were sitting outside and could have very easily done a dine and dash. (Not that I would ever do that, but I could have.) It would have taken them 15 minutes to even notice we were gone. The outside seating is limited and the view isn't great. The waitresses were not particularly friendly (but it could have been because they were understaffed). I don't think I'll be coming back here. There are much better places in the city.Our original plans for Sunday brunch fell through since the wait was a lot longer than we anticipated, so we spontaneously chose Ten Stone. I was underwhelmed by their brunch offerings but decided to go for the breakfast burrito. It was extremely bland and I ended up only eating half of it. The eggs were too mushy and it seemed like there wasn't even a dash of spice in the burrito. The potatoes were also forgettable. 
My partner ordered a beer before we ordered our food and didn't receive it until we were almost finished with our food. Fortunately, she said it was on the house since it came out so late. 
Noted: If there's not a wait for Sunday Brunch, you should consider it as a warning sign.This place is so blah. 
It is clear that the owner(s) is/are absentee owner(s). I've never seen him/her/them. And I have asked. There is no care or thought in the decor (I could write an entire review on this alone! Makes my eyes bleed!). Everything feels like an afterthought. And there is NO fresh food in this joint. I'm pretty sure 80% of the food served starts off frozen. Which might be inconsequential if you have a big group which this place can accommodate. 
Unlike some other reviewers, when I do frequent Ten Stone, it is only because of the service (I adore the wait staff). Although, similar to other reviews, I also come to TS because of its proximity to my house. But that's it.
We often go to Pub and Kitchen, despite spending twice as much, because the quality is so superior.I tried to have brunch at Honey's on South, but the wait was an hour fifteen, and there's Ten Stone, right across the street.  On my walk over, I thought to myself "wow, I bet Ten Stone does a TON of overflow business from people like us who don't want to wait (in the rain) for an hour for brunch."  But when we walked in, Ten Stone was nearly empty.  I soon learned why.
Ten Stone's brunch was just... meh.  
We started with coffee, which was served lukewarm.  Our server (who was very nice) heated it up for me when I asked, and later told me that the coffee tends to get cool quickly in the thermal pitchers they pour from.  Which of course makes me wonder why they wouldn't just replace the pitchers.  Coffee is the lifeblood of brunch for many of us, and cold coffee to start was a bad opener.
The menu was not spectacular, but I did order their eggs benedict, which replaces the standard stack with crab and spinach on a biscuit, a nice sounding little twist.   And honestly, when it came out, the flavors were there, it was a clever little benedict variation and the eggs were perfectly poached.  
But... it was tepid.  Cool.  Un-hot.  And I should repeat that there were maybe eight other people in the place, and only four of us, so I'm not sure when this was made that it had time to go from hot-and-fresh to cold-and-clammy.  Even the hash browns were cold.
Water refills weren't frequent, and in fact didn't happen at all from the time our meals came to the time we left... which is precisely when I would have liked something to drink.  Coffee also wasn't refilled during that time, so it was just a bunch of empty glasses (and plastic cups) on a table. 
Ten Stone could be doing SO much more.  Serve hot food, create a few more clever dishes, build up your brunch menu so it's a little bit more robust, and you'll drag those Honey's people right over to your booze-serving, sports-showing, long-standing establishment.  You've got all the ingredients but it's just not coming together very well at the moment.It would have been 1-star but their beer selection is alright.
People had been telling me about Ten Stone...  and it wasn't making me excited to go there. I had this completely stereotypical image of a 'college dude' bar that was packed with obnoxious people and I had heard that the food was completely bland and forgettable, but I usually like any place I go to at least a little bit and I thought no way... it can't be THAT bad.
It was that bad. It was worse than I imagined.
One group was actually banging on their table playing some sort of game...   two guys behind us were not only jumping up to chest bump each other, but were trying to jump and spin around to bump each other's backs. Why?  
We waited for a table to open up because we wanted to get some dinner too...   if a place is usually packed it must be pretty good, right? Nope. After we sat down with our first beers that we had got at the bar we waited 40 MINUTES for the waitress to acknowledge our existence and give us menus.  2 other tables sat down after us and got served before us. Then we had to call her over to take our order. She got our food order and our empty glasses were right there in front of her.... it was like she didn't even notice. My fiancee' had to point to the glasses right before she walked away to say "AND.... another round?" 
The food was awful. Listen....  I enjoy things pretty plain. I don't ever put condiments on my burgers, I like my pasta with just butter and cheese, I rarely dabble in the world of spices and herbs when I make my own dinner at home.....    but THIS food... seriously tasted like NOTHING. It didn't taste spoiled or old... it tasted like nothing. I got the pork sandwich with spinach and provolone. I ate it because I'm a living creature and we need food to survive...  there was absolutely no enjoyment. The french fries were the best part and even they were lackluster. Also... the bartenders were the ones to bring our food and our other round of drinks. Waitress? What waitress? And sure.... she was the only one working and I sort of felt bad for her because that's not entirely her fault but not taking our drink orders when she's at our table anyway IS her fault.  My fiancee' said "Thank you" after she brought us something... she started to walk away and said "what?" "I said... thank you"...  "oh! I thought you wanted something" and then walked away..    Really? How about 'you're welcome?'
Next time I'll just get a six pack at the corner store and an old hot dog at 7-11 and have a much more enjoyable experience.I used to live right next to Ten Stone, but it was my bar of last resort despite an awesome beer selection.  Grace, Doobie's, and Pub n Kitchen were all further away but I'd go to those first.  Ten Stone seemed awesome when it first opened, but around 2007 it started to resemble Old City West - really crowded, somewhat obnoxious crowd, incredibly loud, terrible music thanks to one of those stupid internet jukebox things.   I imagine it's great for people who like Mad River and good beer, though.  That said, I'd occasionally go there for a drink in the late afternoon before it got crowded, or late night during the week when it's silent.  And they serve food late, though it's not the greatest.  For those limited purposes it was good.  Not a terrible place, but it faces stiff competition in the surrounding neighborhood.ten stone is not a bad place to go for that quick lunch, cause they do tend to have fast service except its not fast food which is a good thing. i have been here twice and both times had good service and tasty food. just remember its not a dinner place unless they have a special other menuTen Stone is a nice little bar with good atmosphere and a simple menu.  I went on a sunday around noon and got the breakfast burrito.  It was delicious and the prices are very reasonable.  Also, they have a decent beer selection.Went to Ten Stone for Sunday brunch. It was pretty empty and we sat down immediately. We gave our drink order right away and i thought wow this is great. As i perused the menu I had a hard time coming up with a decision. It was a basic menu with not so basic choices. The omelet of the day contained meat, which is out for me being a vegetarian. My dining partner's coffee came in a large cozy mug. one that you would want to snuggle up with by a fire. however, it was half full and he wasn't given any cream. we had to flag down another waitress to get cream. i wanted french toast and wasn't thrilled with their only version is coated with Frosted Flakes and topped with apple compote. i hesitated before ordering it but the waitress said it was delicious. my other half ordered a breakfast burrito. When our food came my french toast was cold. The butter on top didn't even melt. It was not the typical custard egg soaked bread i think of when i order french toast. when i cut it it was just dry sweet bread on the inside. i thought i could scrape off the frosted flakes (perhaps i could have ordered it without!) but they were grilled into the bread. there was no need for the "syrup" that came in a plastic packet (ala McDonald's). that turns me off immediately. real maple syrup or nothing for me. the apples were tasteless. As for the breakfast burrito it was huge; but rather dull. basic scrambled eggs in a dried out flaking apart red dyed tortilla. the side of potatoes were cold and dried out. the menu is not super veggie friendly. most of the entrees contain meat. they should offer something healthier for sides rather than meat, potatoes or a bagel. a side salad would be great. i wouldn't waste breaking your evening fast here with better choices just a few blocks away.Everything I've ever ordered at TenStone was freshly prepared and delicious. Sometimes it gets really busy and the staff are rushed, and the kitchen can be slow, but I can't fault them for that.  I love the ahi tuna salad, also the burgers and wings are yummy. My real reason for visiting is the Mushroom Brie Fondue!!!! I have a mild addiciton to the dish - okay I love it!!!!  I just wish they'd add other dipping options like apples, fruit and /or veggies along with the yummy French(?) bread.
The Bloody Mary's are amazing! On Sundays, the lavish garnishings include a giant cooked shrimp.They've at least 20 beers on tap and usually at least one hard cider option. The wine options are usually delish as well.It's a warm and open space, with a solid beer selection. Had a great and generous plate of nachos with chicken when I was there with a good friend on Saturday.I cannot in my heart give a bar anything past 3 stars thats  as loud as a Jonas Brothers concert, though thats stretching it a bit, the place needs to cover there gosh darn brick walls for heavens sake.  But if you are wandering around Grays Ferry looking for a nosh and beer, it ain't terrible. It just has an obnoxious crowd and you may lose some hearing is all. So my advice, if they have outside seating in the evening, take that and avoid the popped collars indoors and rush hour traffic like throng for the bar, and then enjoy a burger and beer at your own pace.One of my favorite neighborhood bars! Bartenders are wonderful, friendly, and fast. Food is good, though I'd much rather swing by for a drink. Tony and the crew are always a blast to be with as the night winds down before heading home.Limited menu with mainly sandwiches and salads, but quality food and great drink options. Glad to have it in the neighborhood.The well-rounded (and not overpriced) beer list, respectable menu, nice interior, and friendly service have been pretty standard at Ten Stone.  I don't want to be generic, or even snobby, (though, yes, sometimes I DO want to be snobby...) but this place isn't "cool."  I mean, I like Hootie and the Blowfish as much as the next guy, but why is it, along with Creed and Linkin Park, in the regular rotation?!  And not that this makes or breaks a bar, but there seem to be just as many middle aged people as young people in there a lot of the time.
I will say that they have a great brunch with a killer bloody mary, and just the memory of drinking said bloody mary might be what keeps me coming back.  Also, the outdoor seating in the summer doesn't hurt.This place is so underrated.. neighborhood bar with great food and amazing peach cobbler.
We've been here multiple times and always found a great atmosphere. The service is good, the wings, quesadillas, and fish tacos are hunger satisfying.
This is a regular go-to for us on a casual night out.In there for 15 minutes. Bartender completely ignored us. While cutting limes. With a full bar.GOOD FOOD AND DRINK. nothing special, but no complaints. except, the terribly understaffed brunch. waaaay to slow to get the waitress' attention.As a new neighbor down the road, i brought friends there back to back nights for dinner. Certainly the cold weather I didn't venture that far- and now I don't feel the need to. The Chipotle Chicken Soup is amazing, i ordered it again tonight. Enjoyed the wings, grilled ham and cheese, roast beef sandwich and springrolls. I can't eat shellfish but my friend enjoyed the mussels. Seems to have won over this corner well with a great sense of regulars. Hit this place up, you won't be dissappointed - in fact you'll give it a Ten.One of the best places to grab a quick bite or a drink. It's never too crowded but it stays full in a good way. The back room has a pool table and dart board with a flat screen TV should you decide to stay and enjoy yourself a little longer. Draft options there are around 8, I believe and they keep them rotation. The food is surprisingly good for being a bar and for the prices. I recommend the fish tacos and tuna salad! Most of the sandwiches are good, too! The only downside is I got a bloody mary one morning and it was $9! Is it just me, or is that a bit steep? Other than that, great place to relax after a long day and unwind with a meal and a drink and/or great weekend morning lunch spot when you don't feel like cooking or need to cure your hangover! One of my favorite spots in the area!They had some okay specials and the food looked alright. It's alittle out of the way for where I am located, but otherwise the atmosphere is dingy and there's alot better places to spend your time.I was out for Sprung with a couple of my girlfriends yesterday at Ten Stone. I watched our waitress (the one with contrasting two color bangs) be unbelievably rude to a group of what I would describe as "young professional" types. There was about 12 of them standing around the bar. I get it- she was busy, the bar was packed and it's a pain to have to walk around everyone. They did make an effort to get out of her way but there simply was no room to move. But at no point should she be saying loud enough for us to hear 3 tables away, "Get the f**k out of my way" to multiple people, multiple times or calling people "a**holes" to their face. On top of the continuous altercations effecting my atmosphere her bad attitude carried over to service to our table too. Completely unprofessional and ruined our experience. We decided to cancel on ordering food, only having one beer there to take our money elsewhere. I hope those guys did the same.Allow me to preface this review by saying I've been to the Ten Stone enough times (over 100) to know it's just not that great.
SERVICE:  Usually rude.  Even when they know you.  A greeting of "Hey Dan" would always be accompanied by paying full price for every beer.  Not that I'm against paying for what I order, but I do expect to be comped a few beers from places I frequent.  
CROWD:  Recent college grads, their parents, and their friends.  
DOUCHE-BAGS:  Can reach an unacceptable level on weekend nights.
BEER SELECTION:  They have a decent beer selection that is micro-brew focused.  My biggest gripe with this place is it's always 6 dollar beer night.  The only happy hour is a "teacher happy hour" from 3 to 5 on weekdays and you get a generous dollar off.   
FOOD:  Over-priced gourmet sandwiches.  The filet mignon cheesesteak and sandwich on a pretzel are gimmicks, don't trust them they suck.  The rest of the menu is decent.  Fish tacos are good.  The fries are okay and the wraps are good, but never worth the near ten dollars charged.  The brunch is only okay.  
The Ten Stone makes good first impressions, which is probably why it's so popular among out-of-towners.  The more you go there the more you realize your money is better spent elsewhere.The best.  Great menu. Very different.  The cheese steak spring rolls I could live on!
I am a buffalo wing specialist.  Best Ever!   Quesadillas (hope I spelled it right)
had carmalized onions in them....and I think it was Asiago cheese.  Excellent.
Service great.  Very noisy if there is a game on.Having recently moved to the Philadelphia area a few weeks ago, Ten Stone has become one of my new favorite spots. The staff is friendly, and the food is outstanding. The caesar salad and burgers are great and the nachos are an absolute must! Great local spot to sit and enjoy Philly or just unwind after work.Ok food and less than ok service. Sundays can be a bummer since the kitchen closes from 1:30p to 2p to switch from a brunch men to regular menu. It is a bad move.As Stephen pointed out, if you order a sandwich here, you'll get a rhombus shaped roll and a round shaped burger... leading to what? Big bites of bread.
Other than that, the food has never left me unsatisfied. The BBQ pork sandwich is proper, but heavy on the onion powder. The burgers are solid. The wings are average. The salads and fries are very good... and with any sandwich, you can have one or the other.
The most redeeming quality of the spot (sometimes the music is pretty sweet) is the fact that they've got Leffe Dark beer on tap, which tastes as good as a glass bottle of coca-cola after a newspaper route, at least that's what my friend Kevin Arnold told me.
This is a 25-35  year old, corduroy sporting crowd... but I can deal, and even argue with the best of them. The chalk-board wall is dope as well.
If you're not hip enough to roll at Grace's or Doobie's, this is a go-to in the neighborhood that I wish more of my pals liked as much as I do.