My cousin decided to have a group of friends at Tequilas for dinner for his 31st birthday before heading out to a few Center City bars.  Truthfully, I've probably walked past this place dozens of times in Rittenhouse without noticing it.  We had to park a few blocks away because it is Rittenhouse afterall.  
When we entered there were two young women at the hostess stand who looked bored and not exactly welcoming,  but we let them know that we were waiting for my cousin, and we were led inside to a decent bar area.
The style is straight out of Colonial Mexico with nice accents like woodcarvings on the entryways.  We were seated in the back of the restaurant.  Our seats were half-booth and half-chairs.  It was kind of a pain for those of us who were seated eight-across on the booth side.  
We ordered specialty guacamole for some of our appetizers.  The bacon guacamole and a crabmeat guacamole were delicious.    I thought my dinner entrée, Shrimp Wrapped Bacon Stuffed with Cheese, was too much on the salty side.  I was glad that I had ordered a sweet drink called the Coco Loco (coconut infused siembra azul tequila blanco, canton ginger liquor, pineapple juice, sugar cane syrup and fresh lime juice) to balance out my salty dinner.  I also got to try the Short Rib (siembra azul blanco infused with jalapeño, fresh lime juice, and pomegranate molasses).  This drink is really good if you like a spicy cocktail!
The servers were very friendly and attentive even with our large party.  I think the best things about this place were the decor and the servers.  When I come back it will be for the guacamole and the Short Rib cocktail.Amazing food, amazing mixology, attentive (but not too attentive) waitstaff, and a beautiful restaurant. If you want to try some updated versions of classic regional mexican cuisine, then Tequila's is for you. Go on the weekends, when they always have 2 or 3 interesting guacamoles which are made fresh to order.Everything except for the entrees was amazing. The drinks were delicious and creative. The staff was friendly and warm. As soon as I walked into the restaurant, I thought, this place is authentic. Instead of the usual Mexican kitsch that looks like Mexico threw up (Distrito, El Vez, El Rey) the dining room was elegant and understated. It looked like any nice restaurant in Guadalajara, not a "Mexican" restaurant in the US. The staff was jovial. When the staff can tease you for being second-generation immigrant and not a first, I feel like a place is legitimately authentic. However, when our food arrived, it was just ok. Both dishes (Molcajete de Pollo and carne asada with avocado salsa) were bland and unremarkable and lacked any heat. The waiter explained that most of their patrons couldn't handle real Mexican spiciness. I still want to go back to try other dishes but I will be disappointed if all dishes are subdued for a gringo palette.The food was excellent, service was excellent and fast. The guacamole appetizer with peanuts was unique and tasty. I had a special of the day - grilled shrimp with crab meat, It was excellent. I ended the meal with impossible cake - flan over chocolate cake - superb!Great drinks and excellent food!  Outside seating was beautiful for dinner. Service was outstanding!Nice bar, but can be unbearably packed on the weekends.  Their house margaritas really are nothing special (although the jug they come in holds some novelty).  Belly up to the bar and try some of their specialty cocktails/tequila instead.
For dinner, be prepared for what can be super slow service.
Some entrees are amazing, others are ho-hum. And when you're paying $20 for an entree, you should get better than ho-hum... I prefer the food at Lolita's.  
The langostinos (a frequent special) are a unique experience.I was with a  group of 8 for dinner here on Saturday night around 5:30.  It was quiet, but i assume it's because we had early dinner.  The service, atmosphere, food, and drinks were excellent.  I had a shrimp dish and shared empanadas with a friend.  I had a champagne margarita, which was great!  I loved the way the restaurant was decorated-architecture, murals, etc. were beautiful.  I would love to go back here again with my husband for a date night.  I thought the prices were a bit expensive, but the food was great, so no complaints.   Highly recommend!Made a last minute 7:30 reservation on a Friday night.  The place was crowded, but it's surprisingly big, with three different rooms.  First, the margaritas were excellent--my fiance and I had three each.  I hear they do a great sangria too.  The made to order guac was amazing.  We got traditional, but they had a a spicier version and an apple/lobster variety too.  The waiter said they switch it up regularly.  The rice and beans here are classically awesome, chicken and steak meals cooked to perfection, and the churros we had for dessert were out of this world (with chocolate, fresh strawberry puree, and caramel dipping sauces).  The service was great, and overall I'd recommend this place to anyone in the mood for some fancier, high-quality Mexican. BTW, if you're in the mood for a more 'hole-in-the-wall' byob spot, try Las Cal Caxuelas up on Girard.Good service for HH! Sit at the bar, drinks are pretty good the food was "okay" I've had better fundidoFor starters, I would like to say this place is mediocre at best. If any of you out there are looking for great Mexican with a plethora of drink varieties, I would personally choose Distrito or El Vez (both located in Philadelphia) over Los Catrines Tequilas. I say this primarily for 3 reasons. 1) The former two are far more affordable. 2) The former two have much better Mexican cuisine (taste wise). 3) The former two have a much more upbeat environment. If you're looking to class up dinner, then Tequilas is a better option and also if you're willing to delve further into your pockets. The service was okay, but I was a bit astonished when the waiter didn't warn my husband and I about the size and proportions of the food we ordered. That being said, we have enough food left over to feed a small town in Mexico itself. But you be the judge! Happy taco hunting. :)This place is amazing. That's really all there is to it. I went here for a night out with momma and it was a great time! We started off with a tasty picture of margaritas and some chips with guac. The guacamole here is homemade every single day and you can definitely tell! On the weekends, they offer special toppings with it, like crabmeat, etc. 
I love the enchiladas here! The sauce is really the best I've ever had.  But, if you're just passing through, I'd get some fish! SO FRESH. This place is definitely on the pricey side, but it is well worth it. 
The waiters are friendly and very informative. Great atmosphere, no matter what the occasion!Really everything about this place except the price should be 5 stars. The atmosphere is exactly upscale Mexican and perfect for a nice-ish dinner outing. Our service was spectacular in terms of efficiency, friendliness, and entertainment. I can't speak to the drinks as I only had a few drafts, but everyone else seemed to enjoy them enough. The food wasn't the best part, but it was good enough to not detract from a wonderful time.
chipotle quac - yep, about as good as it sounds
Enchiladas Playa - solid, great stuffing, but wife said the tortilla flour was a bit on the thick side for her
Molcajete de Carne - 5/5, comes in this enormous...vessel? I don't even know how to describe it but it's awesome. and definitely enough to share
All in all, a great place to go for an outing, but do expect to spend quite a bit more than your usual Mexican fare.It was a great time and our server was awesome. Just the empanadas needed some flavor, they were bland. But I will definitely go back.Tequilas is my # 1 restaurant.
Excelente authentic Mexican food, nice drinks, and professional waitress .Had pre birthday dinner here. I had the bacon wrapped fried shrimp. I was delish but a little to salty for me. I know what your thinking... What you expect with bacon, cheese deep fried with shrimp... The rice and grilled veggies were well seasoned. My guy had grilled fish and it was knock your socks off yummy. I would go back again and again. The atmosphere was fun and the service was great. When its your birthday, your fed a yummy shot from a hot waiter :) owwwwRead a lot of reviews, and if you're reading this Dk not hesitate. Food is incredible. Ceviche, empanadas, and guac was .  Service was top notch, and highly recommend. Chile relañosThe place looks pretty fancy and is nicely decorated, but it's all an act. Things started off fairly well with some tasty guacamole and chips, but it headed south quickly. 
The entrees (priced between $20-25) were just plain bad - tastier food can be had at Chipotle - or even Qdoba. The chicken in my dish was a far cry from fresh. In fact, it tasted as if someone had microwaved it about 3 times. The incredible salty rice accompanying it didn't help either. My wife ordered a bacon-wrapped shrimp dish. Despite the deliciousness of things wrapped in bacon, this too was rather gross - overly salted and slathered in some cheap white cheese. You'd do better microwaving the Costco version.
Next up - the drinks. We were told of a wonderful IPA on tap - "Fishead IPA". After confirming the pronunciation a few times, I just assumed that it was really "Dogfish head" and ordered one. It wasn't Dogfish Head. And it either came out of a bottle or a very stale keg. And for $7, I was expecting more than a tulip-glass worth - it wasn't that strong.
Figuring I'd try again - I asked what else was on tap. 'Mexican Cider'. Well okay, that sounded interesting. 'So that's a hard cider, right'...'Yes yes'. I ordered one. When it arrived a few minutes later, I quickly realized it was another IPA. Upon pointing this out to the waiter, I was heartily assured that it was indeed Cider and I was probably just unfamiliar with this new type of beverage. Well, anyone who has had a beer and a hard cider would be hard pressed to confuse the two. 
Next time your craving Mexican - try somewhere else. Even better, grab some Chipotle burritos and enjoy them at home with a  few Yuenglings. Or with some Mexican Cider, if you can find any :)I've been to Tequilas twice. The first time was almost 2 years ago, for my one-year anniversary with my then-boyfriend. It was absolutely fabulous. The waitstaff is amazing, they make great suggestions, and are more than willing to explain anything on the menu to you (which was necessary because my Spanish was a little rusty). My waiter recommended a "special" tequila drink. I can not tell you what else was in it because I have no idea, but it tasted like it was made of heaven. They also had a guacamole bar that night, and I think we got guacamole with pineapple and crab meat. Guacamole is one of my top 7 favorite foods, so if I'm saying it was awesome, it was AWESOME. For dinner I got some steak thingy and he got a mango fish dish, both fabulous. 
My second visit was just as great, and it was with a larger group of friends. We ended up closing the restaurant but they didn't rush us out or hover over us like some places do when it's getting late. I don't recall the food the second time but everyone loved it.Let me first start by saying the food was not hit or miss. It was plain and simple miss. 
The menu is also very, very descriptive. I wasn't quite sure if I was reading a trashy romance novel or a food menu. Each food item had a paragraph long description talking about the orgasmic (literally) qualities of each menu item.   Quotes such as "...will seduce even the most demanding palate" and "this dish brings out a cry for joy when tasted..." were abundant.  I didn't cry out for joy but I did cry out for more flavor because everything was so bland. 
One redeeming factor was the drink menu which had very strange names such as Wild Passion and Future Traditions but were excellent.Best mex I've had in a long time
The crew went above and beyond 
Would absolutely go backThis is hands down my favorite upscale Mexican restaurant in Philly! I had dinner here a total of three times and I think each time is always better than the last. The atmosphere is very warm and inviting and service is always friendly and not overbearing. It is a large restaurant for the city so it's perfect for large groups. 
The first two times I was here was for Center City Restaurant Week and I ordered off of their pre-fixed menu for $35 for a three course meal. The third time I went was just yesterday and I was pleasantly surprised they were offering a deal for three course meal for $35 also! I don't know if that is offered every Tuesday but I was happy with it. You could order any appetizer, entrée and dessert. It was my birthday so I went for it! 
Drinks- We started with a round (or two) of drinks. I had the Roses margarita and enjoyed every sip. It's a bit on the sweet side though so for my second drink I had the Skinny Margarita which was just tequila mixed with lime juice and a little bit of agave so it's not as sweet. Both were served on the rocks with salt. 
Course 1- For the appetizer I ordered Ceviche and it was so good. The portion was really large and could have seriously been my entire meal. It was perfectly seasoned with cilantro, lime and tomatoes. 
Course 2- The main entrée that I ordered was something I can't pronounce in Spanish so I just referred to it as the 'Hot Lava Chicken Bowl'! It is chunks of chicken swimming in a hot sauce topped with cheese and served with tortillas and a side of refried beans, guacamole and salsa. You are supposed to make tacos with everything and I did that for the first one but then  I just put the check on a plate and ate it alone because it was so flavorful. 
Course 3- There were so many dessert choices but I went with a classic Mexican cake- tres laches. It was creamy and moist just how it should be. The wait staff also surprised me with a 'cocaracha shot' made of tequila, Kahlua and sprit. It was tasty but I was very startled with the waiter came outo f now where and started slamming the glass on the table to make it fizz! Haha it was quite a production and I think they sung the most beautiful rendition of happy birthday/felize cumplianous I have ever heard even though I didn't understand most of it.OMG my dinner was so good! Every time I'm hungry now and trying to figure out what I'm in the mood for, my tongue's memory instantly remembers the flavor bonanza that was Tequilas, and makes me crave mexican. (Please note -- after eating here, Chipotle doesn't satisfy quite as well...)
The place was packed so it was good people watching, and the drink menu was so vast it was almost overwhelming! Of course, despite it's breadth, I wanted the one thing not listed, but the kindly bartender whipped me up a fresh bloody mary anyway. (Please note -- yum!) 
The freshly made chips (still glistening with hot oil), appetizers, drinks, entrees AND dessert were all delicious, and the ONLY reason I'm docking them a star is because we asked for our plentiful left-overs to be boxed up, and when we got home and went to open up the boxes for a Tequila's snack, we saw that our waitress had only boxed up one of the meals. (Note -- #$%*&!?) 
Still, I'm hungry now, and dying to go back. For the future, I'll have to remember to either eat everything on my place so there are no left-overs -- or -- be extra vigilant about the boxing-up process.Tequilas is a bit hit or miss.  
The decor is interesting for an upscale Mexican spot to say the least, and you will either like it or hate it.  I didn't enjoy getting seated in the weirdly lit bar area with people bumping into our chairs from time to time.  The chandelier has to go.
As for the service, I found it a bit odd that the waiter wouldn't take an appetizer order and insisted that he takes the meal and appetizers orders together.  That's the first time I've ever heard such a thing.
As for the food, it was decent overall... but pricey.  My friend had the grouper and the wife had the cochinita pibil and those were the highlight dishes in my mind.  The bacon guac was excellent too.  I ordered bacon wrapped shrimp with rice for my meal.  The shrimp just came out way too salty for my liking.  
As for the drinks, they were pretty strong and tasty.  I would say this is an area where they shine.
I'd probably stick with El Vez if I happen to be in that area, but this isn't a bad alternative.Checked this place out instead of going to our usual choice for Mexican, El Vez. We were HIGHLY surprised. We liked everything about this place, from the food and service to the tequila. We will certainly return and this this place a regular stop when we are in the city!Pricey (so I won't be frequenting the place) but WORTH IT. Spent about $35 for a meat entree + dessert split with a friend. 
The chicken mole is delicious. That's mole done right! Better than all the places I've been to before in California. The chicken meat is perfectly cooked and the rice and beans are to die for. Big portions. The enchiladas playa are also great, but I thought the mole was better. The enchiladas were $21 while the chicken mole was $23.
The impossible cake ($8)-- flan + chocolate cake combined-- is AMAZING. The flan doesn't overpower the cake, and the chocolate cake melts in your mouth.
Needless to say, the decor is fabulous. The restaurant is beautiful and would make for a great date place. The service is wonderful! I don't give out too many five stars, but this place deserves it.Always amazing. Lots of margaritas to choose from, the champagne margarita is my favorite so far. The menu is very interesting but everything is delicious, with ingredients I never thought I'd like, like cactus?? The staff is awesome and make dining there an experience. Will definitely be back again and again!I really, really wanted to love this place. Being from the Southwest, I am almost always on a quest for some quality Mexican food, and this spot was the next target. However & unfortunately, I was not so impressed.
I ordered the chicken tortilla soup to start. The soup had all of the right components: tortilla strips, moist chicken, avocado, cheese, and bits of dried chili (chipotle maybe). The problem with the soup was the broth. It tasted almost equivalent to Campbell's tomato soup. No spice whatsoever. It was too tomatoey and not enough chicken broth. 
For my entree I got the Enchiladas Playa. I sort of had the same problem with these in that they were fairly bland without any spice. The crab & shrimp interior was good but the sauce needs a little bit more. 
To be fair the chips and salsa, as well as the queso fundido, were all very good. Perhaps next time I will come for a drink and some nibbles rather than a whole meal.went there for dinner one night when they had a special on a few downtown restaurants. the food was delicious and reasonably priced for the quality we recieved. the waiter offered me an amazing beer and for the life of me i can not remember what it is called, but it was amazing. my date had a margarita and she thoroughly enjoyed it. the only down side is i didnt get to go on another date with her!So rarely have I had the opportunity to sit somewhere quietly crying in my seat because I have consumed a jalepeno so spicy that I can't even ask for water. And it's embarrassing having to do so. I settled for another napkin so I could blow my nose and wipe my tears.
I was pleasantly surprised by the kick I received from the food here. Outside of the spicy element, the carnitas that I got was also delicious. Nicely seasoned rice with flavor, tender beef and delicious guacamole/chicken/beans, this was a perfect way to get my fill without feeling overly full
Service here is fun. I too saw the guy serving drinks off of a tray balanced on his head, but really enjoyed the talkative bartender more. Big props to the place for having great service and good food that actually tastes authentic, if a little pricey.had (many) tequila drinks here.  AMAZING CONCOCTIONS.  all the bartenders are awesome, but Vinnie is my favorite.  he is truly The Tequila Whisperer-- tell him what ingredients you typically like & he will make the perfect (off menu) drink for you.  the guac was super delish, but also I was extremely tipsy so perhaps not the best judge.  the ambiance is really nice.  zero vegan options for dinner, but worth a stop for drinks.I used to dine at this restaurant regularly with  friend. We haven't been there in over a year due to illness. We went this past Wednesday evening. We had a reservation. I asked if my friend arrived. There was a young kid at the hostess desk. He told me she had not arrived and i could have a seat at the bar. i said I do not want to sit at the bar can i be seated at our table? He said no he couldn't do that. So i was waiting for a good 10 minutes. The hostess came back and asked who I was waiting for. My friend had been there seated at a table the entire time. How rude! They were complete idiots in my opinion. I was furious. They would not seat me but had already seated her. Then the service was awful. The waiter never came back to check. No one came to refill our water. We can not drink alcohol due to medical conditions. Then after we finished our dinner he took forever to come back and ask us about dessert. I will never go there again. The whole experience was dreadful. Very ignorant staff. The food was very good I must say, but not worth the aggravation of dealing with a rude staff. I will dine elsewhere.This is a great bar and restaurant. The opening hours on Yelp are not accurate because is says it isn't open till 5pm on Sunday - but it was open before that for drinks. The atmosphere was fantastic - granted it was Cinco De Mayo - but nevertheless, the margaritas were delish. The mojito - with basil and tequila instead of mint and rum - was devine. A fabulous venue after a day of traipsing around Philly!!!Authentic and delicious Mexican food. Probably the best in the region. A classy place for dinner.They have the most excellent range and variety of margaritas. Delicious food. Friendly bar staff.Superb Mexican food, great sidwalk dining, good wine list & excellent professional service.Ceviche is well worth ordering, Mole Poblano is sublime & weird as it may sound the Rose Petal Margherita is really really good!Visited this restaurant when it happened to be Restaurant Week and decided to order off their special menu. I ordered the fish and my friends got the "surf and turf". We shared appetizers--ceviche and sopas. My friend ordered chapulines, which he purposefully lied and told me it was beef...I guess they were good but I was tainted by what it was I actually ate. All of our entrees were superb and we indulged in Dulce De Leche for dessert. 
The service was fantastic and although they were busier than a normal mid-week night, they were very attentive and fun to talk with. 
We ended up coming back later in Restaurant Week so we could try other entrees and I had the "surf and turf"...the beef was perfectly prepared and so tender. For dessert, they had a chocolate Dulce De Leche that my friend ate and I had "The Impossible Cake," a flan and chocolate cake with caramel sauce. Both desserts were delicious, although I think that I preferred the normal Dulce De Leche from the previous visit. 
All around, excellent restaurant with genuine service--they even remembered us from earlier in the week. I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Philly and highly recommend Tequilas!My boyfriend and I went here for his 21st birthday dinner and it was so good! It's a very upscale place, a little on the expensive side, but definitely worth it. The Shirley Temple drink I ordered was amazing and our waitress was very helpful and knowledgeable about the menu.Came to Tequila's on a RAINY Saturday night. 
Loved to atmosphere, and energy. 
We started with their traditional Margs, and guac...both were near perfect. 
The salsa verde and pico de gallo that came with the chips was a nice touch. 
I got The Pescado al Mango; which was a grilled fish of the day, butterflied, with guacamole on the inside and a ginger mango sauce over the top. It also came with a sweet potato puree and arroz verde. 
Beautiful presentation, and everything was AMAZING. 
My new favorite mexican restaurant in Philly.I have been to Tequilas twice and i loved it both times.  The atmosphere is great for dinner with friends.  I love the decor inside, especially the oversized candles!.  I love chips and salsa and the guac is awesome!.  All the food tastes fresh but im not a big fan of the refined black beans that they squeeze into a design. It has a strange texture and the exterior is hard to the touchMy absolute favorite Mexican restaurant in all of Philadelphia, maybe even New York City.  Come here for brunch, lunch, or dinner - either way you'll be treated to a Mexican feast complete with some tasty, original margaritas!  To boot, they have a superb tequila collection to choose from and it's definitely worth a curious shot to try some of the recommended and rare reposados and anejos.  
Looking more like a collection of short stories, the menu is a headache to mull over when deciding on what to order - each dish comes with its own colorful story and an ornately detailed explanation of its contents.  Tedious, yes, but interesting reads nonetheless.  The following are tried and true phenomenal dishes:
- Carne Asada a La Tampiquena
- Medallion Chipotle 
- Carne A La Trenza
- Queso Fundido 
- GuacamoleTequilas was amazing! My husband and I went on a double date here last night and found everything to be wonderful! I can't think of any complaint to have for our evening! Everything from the guacamole bar, to the food, to the drinks and service were just top notch. I've never been at a table where no one feels they need to open their menus; the specials were too good to pass up. Our server even took the time to teach me how they balance glasses on three fingers (a task was hard enough to do sitting down, I wasn't brace enough to try it standing up in Pumps). 
We will definitely be back!My boyfriend and I had a theory that "high-end" Mexican food would never be worth the premium you'd pay for it.  I've had delicious Mexican food at some of the most renowned places in the country (NYC, San Diego, Arizona...), and generally the cheaper it was the better it tasted.
I'm happy to report that Tequilas in Philly has bucked the trend.  Their cocktails are incredible, served with flair and a smile, and will get you crunk faster than you can say "Ole!"  The food is exquisite.  Guac is delicious, the queso fundido is actually cheese (not some sort of cheese-like dip) with chorizo and jalapenos, and the entrees are AMAZING. The seafood enchiladas are delightful.  
They had a special fish on the menu that my friend ordered that was even better--I think it was trout (don't quote me on that), breaded, and lightly fried and layered with guacamole.  It was served with a sweet potato mash that was delicious--reminiscent of, but not quite exactly like, whipped sweet potatoes that my mom makes.
They have a very long tequila list too, so if you're a connoisseur, you'll probably find something you like. 
Seriously, if you have $30 to spare ($50 if you want a few cocktails) make the trip. It's 
worth it.Start off by saying i just went here for drinks...so i can't speak on the food, but i just wanted to say that the drinks were excellent. i had a a mango drink with ginger liquor, and my fiance had a rum drink with a hint of rose water....both drinks were top rate, and i could have had a bunch more if we weren't meeting friends. The decor was great, what a super sharp place...and the bartender was attentive and super nice without being bothersome....I would suggest Tequilas for happy hour, or as I did a nice place to meet someone before heading out for the evening...drinks are on the pricey side but soo good you won't mind.The food is very different from the usual Mexican restaurants. Great taste & good service. Lighting could be a little better though.By far one of my favorite Mexican restaurants! The food is extremely fresh and the atmosphere is very trendy. I have eaten here a couple of times and can't wait to go back.I had heard such great things about this place. I was so excited to go, however I was sadly disappointing. The drinks are good and the waiters carrying them like on their head or in interesting ways. The sangria is really good. But the food leaves something to be desired. I even went back a second time to give it another try but it is just so/so. With places like el vez in the area, and this being expensive, I would always chose to go there first. I forget what I had but once time a fish and a second time a chicken dish.I live in California so there are sooo many Mexican restaurants but this is a beautiful place that gives generous portions. Stick with entrees - salad as entree was weak. I am glad my daughter got 3 course for restaurant week. OH!! chips salsa were fantastic. I would go again.Made a reservation for 9 and tequilas told me they were wheelchair accessible. When I arrived, they did have a wheelchair stairway chair lift, but what about the step to get into the front door?! You would think they would have a ramp or something to get past the first step and get into the door first. My friend had a very heavy, motorized wheelchair--not one that you can carry up any stairs. I don't think you can say you are wheelchair accessible and forget to mention that there is still a step to get through. They offered to carry my friend's wheelchair in. Nice gesture, but first off, the powered wheelchair is far too heavy and most importantly, how embarrassing! I was about to throw my hands up and leave until they said they were going to set up a table outside for us. Luckily, it was not scorching out.
Queso Fundido- VERY cheesy. I love cheese, but they basically melted a block of cheese, put some chirizo on it, and gave you little tortillas. While I love cheese, this wasn't a very complex dish.
Guacamole is pretty good. You can tell it is fresh made, but I wish there was more tomatoes, onions, and etc in it. There is a red medium salsa that came with the chips that was awesome! The tortilla chips are delicious, thick, and crunchy.
Molcajete De Pollo- Huge lava rock bowl. Big portion of meat. Came with rice, beans, and and guac. It was delicious! I'm not in love with their refried beans that was squirted out from a pastry bag or something. This same entree comes in beef which was big and delicious as well.
Carne Asada a la Tampiquena- Steak was thin, lean, and amazingly tender. 
Cochinita Pibil- Pork was very juicy and resembled pull pork. Plantains were sweet and well cooked.
The tilapia special was well cooked and seasoned. Portion was not monstrous like most dishes which was nice.
Margaritas were freshing.
I'd have to say that the waiters were excellent. They were attentive and had a sense of humor. They changed out our margarita glasses a few times so we would have fresh ice and salt (we had a pitcher).
Overall, food was pretty good and service was great (except for the beginning with the wheelchair issue). I wish I got to sit inside...maybe next time.Hats off to Tequila's for a memorable meal and experience! This was a refreshing change from the semi-authentic Mexican food that other restaurants offer within walking distance of Tequila's. Manuel, our waiter, made sure that he educated us regarding the menu and specific dishes that he enjoyed the most. He was our best friend by the end of evening he was just that cool and friendly.
The restaurant itself is so elegant. You feel like you are walking into the Latin-Mexican food official palace! Their drinks are artfully crafted and delicious. They offer a variety of Mezcal tequila and the bartenders make sure that they are presented and tasted in a specific way so that you are getting the most out of your tequila taste. Do yourself a favor and order the queso!
5 stars all around for service, food, drinks, and ambiance!Food: nothing to brag about. Especially, given the price range. 
The two types of salsa are mild (pico de gallo) and hot. Decent. The chips are fresh, but on the greasy side.
I ordered the Chile Rellenos (beef & cheese). Again, decent. But, of all the Chile Rellenos I have had in my lifetime, this was one of the least memorable and most pricey.  My friend ordered the Sope de Tortilla and it was not good. The broth had a peculiarly unsavory smell and  taste. 
Drink: The bar was missing key ingredients for the first drink I ordered. So, I went with the "Premium Margarita" and it was a 8 out of 10. My friends were also happy with their drinks.
Service: our server was friendly and attentive.
Ambiance: chic, with dim lighting and tasteful decor. Also, loud and crowded. To be fair it was a Friday night. 
Overall, you are paying for ambiance and location, which are great. The food is not worth the price.We had the best time. The service was excellent, the food was delicious. The chips and salsas are fresh and tasty. I had the bacon wrapped shrimp with rice and veggies. my boyfriend had the flat iron steak with aguacate sauce. I also had the rose margarita and my boyfriend had the "shut up and drink" signature drinks. Fresh rose petals--fresh everything! Well done Catrines!Good food and cocktails, but very overpriced for Mexican food. The mojitos and carne asada were delicious, but in both LA and NYC you can find this meal for under $20. Here it cost over $50. I would not expect a Mexican restaurant in Philly to be so overpriced. Although the food and service were good I could not return at this price point.Nice location - nice setting and ambience. I've been here for lunch and dinner - the service is always excellent and I haven't had a dish that didn't impress me. Even the chips and salsa are top notch. Prices are a pleasant surprise as well, being very reasonable.The most authentic Mexican food I have found in quite sometime for this region. The Margaritas were so good...in fact a little too good but I didn't worry because I was not the driver for the evening. :-)The food and service are amazing. My husband and I stumbled upon this restaurant by accident and has quickly become one of our favorite restaurants!Great happy hour drink specials.  I came for a work dinner, but one of my colleagues had his wife and two kids in tow.  They made an adjustment for our table easily and although they don't have a kids menu they do make kid-type meals (chicken or plain cheese quesadillas, grilled chicken and veggies, etc.)  Service was impeccable and the food was good.  I had the The Molcajete De Carne, which was massive, and should probably be shared.  I had a great time, and the service was great, but there was nothing in particular that made me want to go back.The service I received was outstanding. The wait staff was friendly and knowledgable. I Am giving this place a one star raiting because my wife and I have been sick with SALMONELLA since we ate there. SALMON-FUCKIN-ELLA. The most shocking thing is that neither of is eat meat, which tells me there is a cleanliness problem in the back of house. I would never topically write a negative review, in fact this is my first ever yelp review, but I can't keep this to my self. I would not recommend this place to my worst enemy. I have been sick for
Over a week with no signs of getting better. I went to the hospital after 4 days of not being able to leave my bed and was prescribed medicine. I still feel just as bad even with meds. I've missed several days of work, which I will not be paid for, and I can't sleep. All together this was the most expensive meal I have ever had when you consider the Hundreds of dollars in medical  bills, prescription costs and lost wages.  
Research what salmonella does to your body and if you are ok with it then by all
Means make a reservation.My new favorite Mexican restaurant in Center City.   The service is fast and efficient, and the food was excellent.  Try the cerviche and Surf & Turf.Amazing! My husband and I celebrated our anniversary here recently. Great atmosphere, great drinks, and the food is phenomenal! For drinks, I recommend the Rosa Margarita, it's delicious. For food, try the Queso De Mariscos and the Molcajete de Pollo. You won't be disappointed!The remarkable service is why I'm giving this restaurant 5 stars. Our waiter Emanuel especially made our night a great experience. He was extremely accommodating to make sure we got the dish we were hoping for and was very friendly. The presentation of the food was great and a table next to us even ordered a flaming goose kebab- it looked amazing!We had a good experience here. Service was excellent (we loved our server) and ambience was good. They were able to accommodate our large party quickly and it was appreciated. The food was good too; the main reason for the 4 starts is just that I felt it was overpriced. This is a where you go for upscale Mexican. Not my favorite place and not really somewhere I would return but I appreciated it for what it is.The service was great, food even better, and the margaritas to die for.  A little on the pricey side but worth the money spent.Truly awful food at absurdly high prices. I'm mystified by the positive reviews. I'd normally be reluctant to write such a harsh review but this place earned it. The decor is wonderful and the prices on the menu are high - which suggests quality. Plus, it's just off Rittenhouse Square which is chock full of excellent restaurants. But, OMG, the food is terrible. I love Mexican food but nothing here is authentic or well prepared. I recommend avoiding this place.I say YES!  Make the effort to come to this place if you can.  Fantastic Tequila selection, margaritas are perfect.  The Lava Bowl was full of surprises in a tasty explosion kind of way.  Our servers entertained us all night, dancing bowls, happy energy.  And of course  perfect tequila selection - I favor Correlajo Reposado.  I can't wait to come back!So, positives and negatives:
Positives:  
Decor is nice, very well appointed and nicely done
It is quiet as you get into the inner sanctum of the restaurant
It is upscale but not stuffy
The Margaritas were good, especially as I am not a Margarita fan.  I must say it was refreshing, and did the job of getting me slightly intoxicated while not having an overwhelming taste of tequilla
The Ceviche was good
The guacamole was good
The bad:
The main entrees were bland and did not have much snap or flavor. the shrimp were overcooked, the meat was flavorless, like it was frozen and thawed in water, the rice was red but tasted nothing like it had tomatoes or any chile in it, even though it smelled of tomatoes and peppers. 
The entrees were warm.  That's just a pet peeve of mine.  We were one of maybe 20 people in the restaurant at the time, as my wife and I went for dinner after work.  It was not crowded.  I do not know why the food was warm.  Warm food to me, means it was prepared too far in advance of us being ready.
The Nicolatas in the salad tasted like it came from a can.  It had no texture, was awefully briney, and had no flavor, versus some mild flavor.  and it was  slimy.  Like thick korean Seaweed used in soup, but the seaweed has flavor and some texture.  I remember Cactus as being subtle, but this was just bad. 
The Filet Mignon was not a Filet, it was a poor cut of tenderloin masquerading as a Filet Mignon.  It lacked the flavor or tenderness of a Filet Mignon.
The low star count is due to the quality of food versus price of food ratio being off.   I don't like spending 30 a plate for mediocre mexican food, that is not as good as the lunch truck I can go to and spend 6.00.  The entree was just that unappealing, and we go out to restaurants for the food, not the atmosphere.  There are other places I like to go for that, but I don't expect to find good food at those places.  I do expect good entrees at a formal sitdown resturant.  
Would I go back, yes.  I would go for a drink and appetizers after work with some friends.  I would not see myself going there for a main course sit down type dinner again.   The interior is nice, well done, and a pleasant place I could sit, drink, and have some side dishes.  If it was a Tapas type place with no main course/entrees, I would give it 3 stars.  Again, even with the entrees, the quality to price ratio is off, but I guess the ambience helps to off set that.     They should either change and be a Tapas bar or make better quality main courses.The atmostphere of this place is great for a date. For an upscale mexican place it definitely foots the bill.  Been twice, and LOVE the ceviche every time - the beef dishes are definitely a strong suit, as I would expect.
Had a fish special two nights ago and it was OK, will definitely go back a third time and when I do, I'll stick to something beef related.
Staff is always greta when I go, very attentive and good at helping navigate the rather detailed menu.Known mainly as "Tequila's", this is a place you will never forget, and not soon be forgotten. Originally a very small establishment, Tequila's has moved in recent years to a more sizable place near 16th Street. It may well be the best Mexican restaurant in America. This is high cuisine, with lavish descriptors of each entree that exude the passion and commitment of the owners. Mole Poblano may be defined by the dish baring its name here. Do get a Margarita, but make it a top shelf item; when you are here you are dining at a whole new level. If you are bold, beg, insist even that they make a pot of real mexican coffee for you (this is not a typical Kahlua mixture, and in fact has no alcohol), rather you will find an intense sweetness to the coffee that will cap off a magical night out.
N.B. Very difficult to get in on weekends. Waits can be over an hour during prime dining hours. No reservations taken, but they do have a wait list.Great Food, awful bartenders.
Highly recommend this place, so long as you sit at a table. Bar service is some of the worst in the city.Ughg I really want to give this place 4 stars, and I'm pretty sure if I went again, for any reason, I would do so. Just of couple of details that I can't quite overlook from this past time around.
We went for sips, so we only sampled their featured cocktail margarita, and some apps. The food was fantastic. I LOVE mexican food and really want to try it for dinner. The empanadas were very well done, and the guac was nearly perfect (plus, it was served with plenty of chips, which seems to be a rarity in this city). The margarita was kind of a mixed bag, a couple of us (myself included) liked its sour, non-sugaryness. I thought it was a nice change of pace from the typical sugar overload of many margaritas. It felt like a much classier drink. Some others didn't like it however; one friend went so far as to say the sourness hurt her teeth and stomach. 
The major flaw from this visit was the waiter. He either didn't care at all or isn't particularly suited for this line of work. He got confused by our orders even though everything we ordered was completely right there on the menu, the food was placed in front of the wrong people, and worst of all, he took away my margarita before it was finished! There was a solid ounce or two left that I had full intentions of finishing up, and he went ahead and swooped it away. NOT OK.
Like i said, I really want to go back, and when I do I fully expect to give this place at least 4 starts. Hopefully I just don't get the same waiter.I'm pretty surprised that this place gets such good reviews. It's okay Mexican food and reasonable service. The prices are quite high for what you get and the food isn't as unique as the descriptions in the menu suggest. The ambiance isn't particularly special - it's quite dark in there.The atmosphere of this place gets beyond 5 stars. Amazing art in the entrance space! Very friendly and professional staff. I went for lunch and got the empanadas. Was a little disappointed by the portion size for the price but I do understand it's a delicacy and the flavor was amazing. I would definitely go back when I want to spend more money! The chips and salsa were amazing and the atmosphere inside was very elegant while remaining homey at the same time. Would like to try more to see if I can revise it to 5 stars!I like the HH menu here and the variety of cocktails; my favorite being the Coco Loco. By the way, I bet you've never been to a restaurant where they serve you your cocktails on three fingers or on their head!
I do have to admit that I've had better experiences with their food in the past than my last visit this Friday. Unfortunately they brought my order of beef empanadas over 30 minutes after I ordered it. This prevented me from ordering more food off the HH menu since by the time the empanadas arrived it was already 6:30pm. What made it somewhat worse was that I had to remind them that they forgot. My friend ordered the Queso Fondido and it was presented to her so cold that she genuinely struggled to get the cheese into her tortillas. That said, we didn't voice any complaints, we were there to have a good time.
We were further disappointed however by the attitude of some of the staff. I've actually thought this many times before but it's always been regarding the same two individuals. Is this enough to discourage me from going back? No. I still manage to always enjoy my time as the atmosphere is lively and the drinks come relatively fast.Stuck in Philly for a night alone on business, with no rental car and a hungry belly.  After much searching I decided to walk to Los Catrienes Tequilas ( or just Tequilas on Open Table) as they had a reservation open.  I am so glad I did!
To start, their namesake and I haven't been companions since an incident in the early 90's so I was unable to partake in their wide variety of tequila and their tequila enhanced dishes, but that didn't stop me.  They did have a good wine selection and I settled in quickly with my Argentinian malbec and their menu.
Let me start by saying, they seated me well.  As someone who hates to eat alone and feels self-conscious about it, I really appreciated that they walked me past the bar area, past the more crowded areas...all the way to the back of the restaurant to a small table next to a window with no one seated near by - great touch.
I had a cheesy appetizer with chorizo on top that was perfect not to light, not to heavy.  Their chips and salsa for the table were great, homemade chips with a wonderful pico de gallo as well as a great medium salsa and a pepper plate.
I then had the Carne Enchiladas....lets start with the plating.  Ever go to a mexican type restaurant and get angry when the rice and beans take over your plate?  Well I do...and I didn't have to worry about that here.  A small helping of fabulous black beans (a bit more than 1/4 cup) were in one corner of the plate while a nicely packed section of rice (about 1/2 a cup) hung out in the other.  Front and center were 3 carne asada enchiliadas with a wonderful red sauce gently poured over the top.  Perfect, I could pull the rice in to soak up the sauce when I wanted to...just perfect.
Save room for dessert...I hesitated as few people really make good churros but hold on here...they got it right.  The churros weren't huge, they were a good size, they came still warm, crunchy on the outside and soft on the inside.  It gets better.  They didn't serve them with super sweet dipping sauces, they served it with a caramel sauce (not too sweet), a strawberry jam, and a chocolate sauce more bitter than sweet.
Loved it...now if only it hadn't taken me 30 minutes to get my check..ah well.  The 10 minute walk back to my hotel past lots of other restaurants was just enough to remind me I need to get to Philly more often.Good drinks, good food, a bit pricey. Guacamole is very fresh and there are three different kinds daily.  Huge variety of drinks available.  Bathroom and back dining-room were rather dark.Very good food, great staff, and the tequila flows like wine.This is my favorite classy Mexican spot in the City of Brotherly Love.  The food is out of this world and the waitstaff is prompt and experienced.  It's also versatile - perfect for an intimate evening or a night out with friends.We caught the last night of restaurant week at Tequilas. Reservation for 9:30, we arrived a little early and sat at the very crowded bar (which is ok) I love to see a place with a buzz of excitment. We ordered unique cocktails and they were.... different. We were seated and the service was very nice and professional and seemed very caring.
Chips and salsas plus peppers perfect! Ceviche I never like this, but the ceviche here was delicious! Entrees, I had seafood enchelada and my girl had the fish both were delicious and filling. I am surprised another reviewer said the desserts were like fill ins, I disagree, I had the Impossible cake 1 layer chocolate cake topped with flan,mmmmmmmmmmm. My girl had the chocolate mousse cake. We finished the second half today with our coffee, soooo good.
Restaurant week pricing seemed like a great deal, I glanced at the menu seemed fair enough for Center City prices, and the drinks are reasonable.
We will returnThis place is amazing. I have now been on 2 separate occasions for dinner, once during restaurant week and once for dinner with a group - and neither times was I disappointed.
The restaurant week menu was amazing for the $35 cost- ceviche, steak with shrimp and a dessert- I was able to bring home leftovers, which is not always the case during this special.
The margaritas are fresh and not overly sweetened by using pre mixed sweet n sour mix.
As for non restuarant week, I found the service to be exceptional and the food to be amazing. Very fresh ingredients, cooked to order. Highly recommend!Installation is nice, fancy, happy and attractive.  Drinks are good.  Food is good and plentiful.  Waiters are friendly and helpful.  We were a large party and ordered an array of dishes, all were excellent.  Portions are large, you might like to consider sharing. I definitely recommend it.I usually hate the taste of tequila in any form, but the specialty margarita that I figured I should try was great, and I have a feeling the others on the menu are as well.  I will be back to try more! After ordering a drink at the bar and being seated, out came the chips, salsas, peppers, and guacamole.  These were delicious too-the chips had the perfect crunch and I can't say I've had better.  Everyone at my table then had the tortilla soup as an appetizer, which was again authentic and tasty.  The steaming broth was poured into the fresh bowl of ingredients at the table as well.
I think after that, there isn't too much to offer.  My seafood enchiladas were just decent and the others at my table agreed that the entrees were nothing special.  Then there was the rude waitress-I was in disbelief by the way she treated and spoke to us.  Not sure if the other waitresses are the same, but they seemed to have hired her for her 'cool' (more like bitchy?) look and attitude and not for her work ethic or general helpfulness.  
Overall, definitely go for drinks and appetizers but have your main course somewhere else!The appetizer and food was amazing. Service was good as well but the waiter was very forgetful. We ordered an appetizer and a espresso and he forgot to put in the order. Other then that the service was good and the food was delicious!The fish dish I had was adequate at best.  The seafood enchilladas that my companion had were very good and the margaritas are also very good.I love this restaurant. Delicious! The atmosphere is very classy but not pretentious. The prices for dinner are steep so go for lunch instead. Warning: the bathrooms are really, really dark so be careful while your eyes are adjusting.One of our favorites.
Try the Rosas Margarita. It sounds sweet, but it is not overly sugary. The Jalapeño Margarita is also great.
Unfortunately they no longer serve the crab guacamole, it was outstanding.
As far as entrees go, I had the fish of the day (grouper) and it was great. My husband ordered a dish (its name fails me) that had jumbo shrimp wrapped in bacon. It was aaaaamazing. We have also had lobster that was prepared perfectly.
Don't miss out on the molcajete, but it is best shared between two people.
Beautiful restaurant, overall great service. Our only complaint is that we came for a birthday dinner and let them know ahead of time that it was a special occasion. After they delivered our check they hovered over our table for an hour until we left. The place was still open. I would have preferred that our waiter ask for us to sit at the bar instead of the odd way they hung around our table.A friend suggested this place for restaurant week earlier this year and I am SO glad that she did! The restaurant week deal is an awesome deal - one of the few places that I've been to that doesn't skimp on serving size just because they're offering a special prices menu. We ordered chips and salsa to start so we could munch on something with our drinks. I got the Margarita de Champagne and I thought it was pretty good! My friend got the South of the Rio and I thought it was better than my choice. For the first course, I went with the empanadas. That night they were filled with ground beef. I thought they were seasoned very well and pretty large for an appetizer. For the second course, I got the Mar y Tierra, their variation on a surf/turf. The tamarind sauce that it came with was AHmazing! I really liked it. Then for dessert, they were offering chocolate cake. How could I say no to that? I ordered it thinking it might on the smaller size. NO, it was huge and I am not complaining about that. I had so much food that night and I was stuffed until the next morning. I would definitely recommend this restaurant week and I hope to update soon once I've had the chance to visit for normal dining!I live in San DIego and get a lot of excellent Mexican food living near the border. This food is equal or better than many restaurants we have back home. House-made guacamole and salsas, along with both innovative and traditional "Mexico City" style food. Chicken mole, Carne asada, Conchita Pablil. Lots of options. If you like this kind of food, this is the only place to go!I hate mexican food. I have horrible acid reflux so when I heard I was going here I was nervous about my esophagus and my weak mouth when it comes to spicy things. 
That being said. I LOVED Tequilas. The margaritas were delicious, on the rocks with some salt. The waiter was very informative about the menu and when he asked if I liked guacamole I told him I'm wasn't sure because I've never really had it, so he took me over to the "guacamole making station" where there were samples of each kind there and I got to try it. WOW it was delicious. The one me and my date picked had bacon in it, and it was not spicy at all. I loved it, so we got our own for our table.
Then our waiter listed off some specials and they all sounded better then what was on the menu. I heard shrimp in a tequila kinda sauce and I was sold so I ordered that. It came as what looked like three baby lobsters on my plate (but it was actually shrimp). The waiter said to cut it at the bottom and peel the shrimp up off the shell, which was good advice. It was so fresh and delicious, I've never had shrimp like that before. 
I asked the waiter about the skeleton paintings when you walk in the door and he said it had to do with the day of the dead, celebrated in Mexico. The place was twisty and turn-y with a lot of different rooms but I think I had the best table in the place, a room off to the right side where there were a lot of tables for two, and you aren't interrupted by the people surrounding the bar in the other room next door. 
This isn't your average mexican restaurant. I suggest giving it a try even if you don't like tacos and things.. because it's definitely not that kind of place.This is classy Mexican food. I know it may seem like a paradox, but you're really in for a treat. From the food to even its decor, Tequilas is a very unique place. Although the skeleton motifs on its walls may be off-putting, I still thought the ambiance was welcoming and romantic.
Portions were ridiculous even for the restaurant week menu (Yes, this is a very VERY belated review). The leftovers, in itself, was another complete meal. Service is attentive and their drinks are amazingly innovative. I had the "coming-up roses" cocktail which literally had floating rose petals in the glass. The taste certainly complemented the presentation. I would definitely come back for their mixed drinks alone.Randomly walked in this restaurant while visiting philly and it was awesome. Joe the bartender makes amazing margaritas and is very knowledgeable about liquors and tequila specifically. He and the host Oscar were very hospitable and helpful in recommending places to visit and see while in philly. A great atmosphere with great workers and awesome drinks.A lovely friend and I came here for dinner this past Saturday. We were seated outside by a gracious host staff. Things seemed promising. Then we meet our server, and though neither of us could recall meeting him at any other part in our lives, he had developed an active hatred of us somehow. Every second he was forced to be at our table appeared to
be agony for him, I was really concerned for his well being. He rolled his eyes at our drink menu request and "yeah yeah"ed my dates question about her drink. We wanted to order three or four starters and then entrees once we had a better feel for the menu. Nope, everything at once and if we only wanted the starters, we couldn't sit at a table. "we know how to course it" Hmmm, OK, so we ordered 60+ worth of food (though you would have thought we just got chips and salsa based on our server's reaction) and he huffed away. 
After our guacamole came out (it was delicious) the next dish to our table was an entree, no starters in sight. Was this what our server meant by coursing? It was whisked away again and eventually our missing starters appeared. Our server never came over to check on us, I had to flag him down for water, and the only thing he said to us about our entree was "don't worry this isn't the same one" meaning to
Kitchen refired the dish I suppose. At that point I was afraid to ask for clarification about anything. When we got close to the end of the meal, a super friendly server came over to clear and asked if we wanted things boxed to take home. He obliged and even joked with us a bit. I would have much preferred he had been our server all earning. As for our assigned server? He dropped the check, ran the card and left us with barely a parting nod. I swear it was as if our table was made of radioactive nightmares. The food was pretty good, not really worthy of the prices charged and especially not if I'm
being openly hated the person serving me.It is a little loud, but the atmosphere is much nicer than you get in most Mexican restaurants and the service was top notch.  the food was all good and the presentation was again, much better than most Mexican restaurants.  We got the steak al a Tampiquena and the grouper fish special with mango sauce and both were very good.Had the most frustrating experience here Saturday night. This has been a favorite after the Philadelphia Orchestra concert spot for many years. Went Saturday night and got there at 10:29 and although the hours posted said the kitchen closes at 11 pm, we were told the kitchen closed at 10:30 that night because as the hostess noted, "our last customer was at 9:30."  Is that MY problem?  So, even though we were 1 minute away from the early time, we were turned away for food, but welcomed to stay and drink. This is a crappy practice. We went to Parc and will head there going forward. Thumbs down to Tequila's. Won't go back even within their hours of operation.I really have nothing bad to say about the evening and dinner here. Started with cocktails that were excellent, did like a skinny margarita straight up. Guacamole and ceviche to start.  Really really good.  We were a party of five no one disliked their meal. I had grilled langostino which were on special. They were amazing and a steal at 36 bucks for three with sides. Service was on point. Will definitely be put in my regular rotation. Great light meal to start the evening with.Best margarita I have ever had. Everything was great and the special crap guacamole was delish!If you REALLY like Mexican, this is for you. If you want tacos. If you just want good tacos and queso (as I did), go elsewhere.
Waitstaff was extremely helpful, especially when selecting beer for the evening. The daily specials are the absolute best. Loses stars because the main appetizer, queso, was not what I expected- it was served congealed (not creamy) and I had to serve with a fork and knife and who eats queso in a tortilla and not on a chip? And the prices were a bit high for a Mexican restaurant.This place has the longest list of specials I've ever encountered at an eating establishment.  Every time you go, the server has a list that keeps going on, and on, and on, until you become hypnotized into ordering one of them.  But more importantly, the food is, at best, mediocre.  Some of the seafood dishes are decent, but the prices are simply too high for the quality and creativity of what you get -- particularly for the non-seafood entrees.
Granted, Philly is seriously lacking in good Mexican, and if there were a good taqueria for me to recommend I would do so, but I never found it.  Food aside, the atmosphere is pretty lively, and this place can be a good time with a big group ready to tear into a few pitchers of margaritas.  My two cents: go to Lolita instead.I love the space and I would definitely return to the bar but I found the food to be underwhelming. The pomegranate guacamole was bland and the meat dish that I had was tender but more buttery than flavorful.It is a Mexican restaurant with upscale decor, decent appetizers, and good margaritas and sangria. We went for sips/apps and had a good time. But I don't know how excited I would be to revisit.A solid upscale Mexican option in the heart of center city. I walk by this place on almost a daily basis but finally sat down to sample their cuisine. To my surprise, it was easy to get a last minute primetime Saturday night reservation through opentable (summer in the city I guess).  
+1 for all the outdoor seating although this makes it a catch 22 where the servers visits are few and far between. It took a while just to order and receive a couple drinks which were not something I would come back solely for. My first drink was unmemorable and my margarita was average but the cuisine was authentic, flavorful and plentiful.
I started with the ceviche which was simple yet so refreshing. The chunks of seafood were rotund and perfectly balanced with the acids, a great start. As for an entree I went the beef lava bowl which came out sizzling. A lot going on but it all works together and there is definitely some heat. The accompanying guacamole was also fresh and the refried beans were an unsung hero with their unique consistency.
Had no room for dessert on this night (bring your appetite) but maybe next restaurant week, which I hear is a great value, will give me a chance to dabble.I'm not sure if I liked this place.  The staff was wonderful and the tequila selection is excellent.  When it came to the food, I thought is was a little bland and over priced.  I had the steak in molcaheta and it seemed a little dry and over cooked.  
Would I give this place a second chance?  yes.They have a pretty charming main dining room. We had a reservation, but were seated in the dark hallway-like area between the main dining room and the back room where they held a private event. Shortly after we sat down, a party of 30 to 50 filed past us into the private dining room. Through the darkness, I could discern my boyfriend's parents' lips moving, but their words were lost in the ocean of loud voices around us. I felt bad because we were celebrating my boyfriend's birthday. So... lesson 1: request to sit in the main dining room, where it might be a little bit more quiet. Outside seating might be nice, too. 
Service was pretty good. The server arrived promptly as we sat and lit the centerpiece lantern. If you looked really hard, you could detect little rays of light coming out of the tiny holes on its sides. Our table was just as dark as it was before. 
At the server's suggestion, I picked the Mole Poblano. The menu described the sauce as "truly rich and complex" with flavor, complementing "[a] succulent boiled chicken breast exalted from the past." However, when my dish came out, the chicken was dry and flavorless. All of its juices and flavors "from the past" had been drained out. The sauce was also unbelievably dry and flavorless. The food description was not even close! My boyfriend's Cochinita Pibil was also dry and overcooked. His ceviche special was delicious, though. And his parents' fish dish was also tasty. We didn't stay for dessert. Lesson 2: avoid the mole poblano. 
On the plus side, our drinks were brought to our table, on a tray balanced on the server's head. Very Cool, but perhaps they should focus on adding flavor to the food. 
My friends highly recommended this place. I would come here again to try another dish. Hopefully it's better than the last.This place was wonderful, decorated with colorful paintings and other ornaments.The atmosphere was happy, relaxing and unforgettable.During the time we were there,we also enjoyed Mexican songs .                             The food was excellent.Service was also good,the waiters    were patient and they served the whole time.                        In conclusion,this was an amazing experience.The food was okay. I wasn't wowed by anything but can't say that I was disappointed either. And when you go to a pricey establishment you do kind of expect the food to rise to the occasion. That didn't necessarily happen here.
In addition to the food, our party of 8 also ordered sangria. It was sweet and delicious but lacked a certain kick (also known as alcohol). So, depending on what you like, the sangria may be your choice of drink.
Although the food was just okay, I thought the service was terrific. They are very attentive here.Great place, I loved their margaritas. Their portions are large, so make sure you bring your appetite, the atmosphere is more classy and romantic. Would highly recommend.To think that this was the site of La Panetiere...  We ate at Los Catrines Tequilas this weekend.  The space was very crowded and noisy, and when we arrived (just before our friends) the hostess told us that they could not seat us until the entire party was present.  Not very friendly about it.  We ended up sitting near the bar.  The drinks were great, and they have a wonderful selection of tequilas.  However, the food was hit or miss.  The traditional guacamole was bland.  The sopa de tortillas was bland.  The carne agacate was an interesting concept, but the dish was bland and uninteresting.  However, my companions did enjoy their dishes, so maybe I just had bad luck in ordering.  I would rate this far behind El Vez or El Rey.  I'd go back (and have more of their unusual tequillas) but I'm not looking forward to it.I am slightly weirded out by a mexican joint that has a cocktail menu that doesn't include margaritas - but instead a list of concoctions with aloe, jasmine, essence of chinchilla - just odd odd stuff.  and if the ingredients aren't strange enough, the waiter is bringing you your choice balanced on his head, propped on three fingers, or dangling from his dangly....
but seriously, the server was friendly - the food, decent.  the bussers were a bit too efficient and really really REALLY didn't like idle hands and calm utensils, so swiped half eaten apps and entrees away - but honestly they were half eaten part because we had had our fill.
it's a huge place and a generous menu - and while pricey, you get good food for the price.The thing about this restaurant is that the food is great.  We (2 of us) shared a poblano/cheese guac, empanadas, and both had the seafood specials.  I had the langostinos, which were out of this world!  
That being said, we were in and out of there IN AN HOUR!!  While the waiter was really nice and kept an eye on the table, the kitchen is just eerily fast with appetizers and entrees, making the whole dinner feel rushed!  It was so disappointing to look at our watches when we were finished and realize that the whole meal had only been one hour long.
Definitely don't think we'll be back because of the service.  Unless we need a quick meal in an hour, this place isn't worth it.
Sorry!The boyfriend and I decided that checking out one restaurant for CCD restaurant week just wasn't enough, so we decided to go check out Tequilas.  
Some of the spots in Tequilas is a little dark, but each table has a tall candle, which makes it pretty romantic.  The overall decor here, is so cool - from the lobby area with the dios de los muertos paintings to the neat chandeliers to the super tall candles here and there - awesome!
It was a Tuesday night, so the restaurant wasn't overly crowded, so we found it a little odd when they stuck us in a smaller room with a very loud party of 10.  For drinks, we got one of the premium margaritas and the margarita diabolo.  Both were top notch and definitely worth the $10-$11 price tag.  I also ready several tips that the alma blanca was delicious, so we got that too - definitely a good choice (don't let the "hints of corn" description of the drink turn you off).  I really enjoyed the chips and salsa that came out with the drinks.  
When we were ready to order our meals, we noticed that we were never given restaurant week menus.  We asked out waiter, who quickly ran off the list for restaurant week and disappeared.  Very weird.  Is Tequilas trying to trick us r something?  Needless to say, we decided NOT to go this route.  
For an appetizer, we ordered the queso fundido.  This was a giant hunk of half melted chihuahua cheese with some onions and peppers and topped with chorizo.  I wasn't impressed by the presentation, but it was actually pretty tasty.  It also came with tortillas to make little wraps, but only came with three of them...again, weird, but not really a big deal.  (They probably would have brought more out if we asked...instead, we just used the chips that came with the salsa.)  For entrees, he got the chiles rellenos (one beef and one cheese) and I got the enchiladas playa.  the chiles rellenos were really good - the seasoning was spot on.  I would definitely get this on my next trip to Tequilas.  The enchiladas playa were also good, but I was already turned off by the attitude I got when I asked for no chipotle pepper sauce.  (The waiter seemed almost offended.  Hey, I just don't like the taste of them!)  Whatever!  The enchiladas were good and the first was really fresh.  The dish came with a really random assortment of veggies, that I didn't necessarily care for.  By the time dinner was over, we were both so stuffed that dessert just wasn't happening.
Tequilas is a cool joint with good drinks, but the food is just okay.  This wouldn't be my first option to go to in the future, since there are so many other good places in the area, but I wouldn't totally write it off.Tequilas has long been my favorite fancy Mexican restaurant.  One of my favorite experiences here was when we had an explosion near our building and we still had to get out a daily newspaper and close some pretty big deals.  I relocated our offices to Tequilas for part of the afternoon. We got the paper out (with the help of the Associated Press) and we moved forward on the biz deals.  
At any rate, the staff here is always perfect.  They greet you with a smile and they take good care of you.  
Tonight, I started with one of the bartender's signature drinks, aptly called the "shut up and drink."  It had bourbon in it so i was good.  
For the appetizer, we gave the Guacamole with Mango, topped with fresh crab meat.  It came with freshly made and perfectly salted tortilla chips.  The chips were still warm and had a great crunch, which worked perfectly for the smooth and garden-fresh avocados that were used to make the guacamole.  The crab was a nice touch and the crab-mango combo worked surprisingly well.   
For the entree we ordered the Molcajete de Pollo.  It is a Smokey, slightly spicy chicken dish served in a hot Molcajete with a side of perfectly cooked Mexican rice and refried black beans that were fresh velvety smooth.  
Since the dish comes with flour tortillas, diners are free to make mini tacos with the dish.  If I could lick the bowl, I would.  Really...
The salsa at Tequilas is the best I have had.  They char grilled veggies to make it.  Best ever....
The only downside - which is why I denied a star -- is that my shot of bourbon was a terrible pour. For $10, I don't expect the bartender to give me half a bottle, but I think that if dinner for two is $110 before tip, the shots could be a little more generous.  
There is nothing on the menu that is not worth it.  
Trust me....great food.upscale mexican food.  very helpful with different types of tequila.  hot lava chicken is greatIn love with this place! I was in Philadelphia vacationing and heard good things about it. I started my meal off with a mojito and my husband had a margarita - both were outstanding! Great flavor, not weak drinks.
We're both gluten free, and they had a ton of items for us to choose from. Their salsa and chips were delicous (2 types of salsa, a hot and a mild). For our main course I ordered the Molcajete de Pollo (grilled chicken in a lava bowl with peppers and amazing seasoning, fall apart good, with tortillas, beans and rice) and my husband got the Molcajete de Carne (basically the same thing but with beef instead) and we were both blown away by the flavor, and the freshness. It was so fresh-tasting! Very highly recommend it!Great food well seasoned, staff are extremely friendly and the drinks are great.  I had tequila something shrimp and it was insanely delish, only one complaint... Just wish my margarita had a lot more alcohol.  Other than that it was great!Tequilas is without a doubt my favorite Philadelphia restaurant. Everything from the atmosphere to the service is consistently above expectation. We were there yesterday for lunch after an early afternoon of holiday shopping and sightseeing. The guacamole was great, as were the beef empanadas. My boyfriend had the sabana invierno de pollo. I didn't try it, but he said it was wonderful. I ordered the special of the day - seafood enchiladas and they didn't disappoint. Service was friendly and timely. The Colina is my go-to drink of choice on their very interesting and varied cocktail menu; however, I am glad that I tried the "South of the Rio" martini.  Highly recommend Tequilas to others and will be back.Came here half drunk on a Saturday night around 10pm. Great service and nice atmosphere. Guac was amazing. Would definitely recommend.Really a nice meal. Great bartenders and a nice happy hour that passed the time while we waited for our dinner comrades. Everyone was super friendly and awesome with recommendations. It looks tiny from the outside, but inside it is a massive place. Great cucumber mojito, good margaritas served in an original and fun manner. Food was plentiful and flavorful, chips and salsa were good, although it was pricey. It was a very good meal, though, and we would totally go back.This place is vastly overrated by a lot of people in Philly and I cant figure out why. My fiance's parents had been told by a friend of theirs that this was an excellent restaurant. I was This was me second visit, and first in a very long time, and I dont know what the hype is for. The food was greatly underseasoned, improperly cooked and just kind of boring. The drinks werent particularly good either. 
I started with a cocktail bowl, one that was chipped, cracked, and pretty ugly looking. I am all for rustic things, but this didnt look rustic, it just looked old and beat up. The drink itself was ok, but nothing special. I thought it lacked a whole lot of anything. It just kind of existed. It was a concoction of tequila and fruit, not unlike a Mexican sangria. It was a weird container for it to be served in at all, especially for one person.
The food started coming out, and while I was excited for it, my mood quickly changed. They brought us out their house salsa and chips to start. The chips were fantastic, but the salsa wasnt quite up to the same level. I think it was more of a chipotle salsa, but I didnt find it as appetizing as traditional tomato salsa. We had ordered guacamole with crab meat that I believe was a special of the evening. The guac itself was good, well prepared and had good flavor, but the crab just overwhelmed the entire thing and gave it an offputting. The wasnt some of the best I have had either. It was still tough, as if the citrus juice hadnt done its just in tenderizing and seasoning the seafood. 
I have to admit, my main course plate was very attractive to the eye. Unfortunately though the taste wasnt quite up to the same level. The steak didnt have a sear to it at all. It definitely would have benefited from some texture and a bit more seasoning on its exterior. Every single element on the plate was underseasoned. The steak, the taco, the beans, the guacamole and the tamal. The plate definitely needed some texture as well. I was mightily disappointed with everything that evening. 
I know my preference is for much more traditional Mexican fare, but this just wasnt very good. I would much rather go to one of the million delicious Mexican restaurants that we have in Philly for a much cheaper price tag and get some better grub.Place is amazing! Drinks are some of the best in Philadelphia. Good and service are always great. Started going here cause I heard about it on Sports Radio!Worst service ever! My friends and I went there, they said you could enjoy Sips while you are at the bar area but coudn't get a table to sit down and eat at the same time.So we decided that two of us were going to get a table for 4 and we will order food while the other two enjoyed the Sips at the bar. We cound't do that either because apparently you have to have everybody on the table at the same time in order to have a table and order food. If you expect more friends they said they can't add another table to your table. So we left without ordering, they need to learn customer service.This restaurant is not your typical Mexican restaurant. The food was very delectable and flavorful.  I tried a few of the mixed drinks and I can say that the best one was the sangria. I can tell it was made with fresh fruit. Overall my group that i was with and I enjoyed our visit and would return.Came here on a Sunday when it was nice and quiet. Service was great and the food was really good. Everything from the spicy peppers and carrots they leave on your table to the flan and churros for dessert were perfect. Premium margarita was delicious. Will definitely go back.My buddy and I visited tequilas the other night for a good ol' fashioned bro-date while respective lady friends had girls night. We walked in the front door, were quickly whisked to the back for a table. As we entered the back room, a ~5 year old kid stood up and promptly puked on the floor.
As hilarious/awkward as this was, it let us spend some time at the bar with probably the sexiest bartender that has ever lived (she greeted us with "hi boyyyyys." I think we gave her a $10 tip, but I'm not sure). Had a pretty tasty tequila old fashioned, and went to our now pukeless table.
Once it was food time, we had a few different items. Cesar salad done the old fashioned way with a nice fishy brine-y dressing. If you love Newmans Own or whatever generic bottle Caesar dressing you probably won't like this, but I loved it.
Guac with crab and pineapple, served with homemade tortilla chips, phenomenal.
Ceviche was... ceviche. Unremarkable, but fresh and tasty.
I had the fish of the day w/ tequila sauce (ocean perch in my case). HUGE piece of fish with tasty buttery vegetables and a weird little rice pyramid pile thing. It was well cooked, but definitely on the salty side.
My pal got the lava bowl (who could resist the lava bowl!?!?) or Molcajete de Pollo. Really well seasoned, good spice and a ton of food. After dinner we wanted a bit of a pick-me-up annnd no espresso! Seriously?!?! Got the coffee instead, which was rocket fuel.
Pros:
Great decor - really elegant old world wood everything
Food overall was tasty. You won't find authentic Mexican many places.
Servers were great, very attentive but not annoying.
Cesar salad. 
That bartender. Oh man, that bartender.
Cons:
No espresso
Food was on the salty side
Would definitely go back - nice place that's appropriately priced.This place is a great Mexican restaurant. This restaurant is more on the fancier side so I wouldn't call it just a casual cantina. We arrived on a Saturday night and the restaurant was packed. To our delight, they were able to accommodate us and seat us in a rather quick fashion. Walking by the bar area, it was packed full of people. Our waiter was friendly and bantered with me on being a Patriots fan. The food mainly consists of entrees and less on tacos and burritos. We got the made to order guacamole and it was well worth it. The cocktails are fresh and include options that are not your standard margaritas. They can accommodate your spicyness level and the plating looks nice. They gave us multiple refills on the house made corn tortillas. We even ordered dessert and it was delicious as well. We will return when we visit Philadelphia again.Delicious food but truly hurts the wallet. Our server was wonderful, helped me make the decision to get the pork and told us a little story about pico de gallo. My date and I decided against cocktails but they did look good as they moved past on our server's head.Came here with a friend recently pre-Philadelphia Orchestra, and post-poor service at Happy Rooster.  We had a very good time here!
Walked in and got straight to the bar without any wait.  We got our margaritas and instantly were taken back to a warm sunny day.  We also got some bar food to share.  There was plenty to go around and everything was good.  I got the ceviche which was awesome.  Lots of shrimp and extremely tasty.
After another margarita and some great discussion, it was time to go see the orchestra.  But I really want to come back here for a nice dinner and more drinks.  Happy hour I believe goes to 7.
Service was on top of their game and quick to help us out.  Absolutely recommend!Booked a table for a birthday dinner. The service was absolutely wonderful with the waiter who could balance a tray of margaritas on his head and was very friendly.  The food was okay, we weren't overly impressed, especially with the tortilla soup which was quite blank. Other than that the drinks were ok, and the ambiance was good.  Not sure we would go back thoughI like very much this restaurant. The place are clean and comfortable. The service of the waiter was very good. He take their time for explain us the type of food and some ingredients of this food. I ate Enchiladas Rojas. This food was delicious. It's a combination of chicken with red sauce intro a corn tortilla. On the side was yellow rice and black beans. The beans was delicious, but the rice was cold. I drank a Margarita Diablo. This drink was very good. It's a combination of Tequila, ginger and is sweet. The illumination was low and this difficult the lecture of the menu. The prices are considerately good. I'm coming again to this restaurant.I'm pretty sure my friend and I collectively tried every margarita on the menu. It was Cinco-de-Mayo-Eve, after all! Our favorites were the Premium Margarita and the Margarita Roja, but we liked them all. 
The space has kind of a haunted mansion vibe going on with high ceilings, sheath curtains, wood panels with ornate detailing, candles all over, and a big chandelier hanging down in the middle. The entrance has a big, colorful Day of the Dead mural making for a festive welcome. 
The bartenders were all super friendly and they were nice enough to turn on the Warriors game for us to watch at the bar. 
All in all a great spot - I'll have to come back some day to try the food!So far, not so good. Had a party if for we were meeting. Place was half empty so not like they were crunched for space. Even with that, the owner made us wait in they lobby for several minutes till the last member of our party arrived. Very rude for a supposedly nice restaurant. Let's hope food and service are better.
Food ok, but service slow. Wrong drink orders delivered. Best quote of the evening... instead of asking if everything was great the waiter asked if there were any complaints.After getting over the fact that our 9:30 reservation was not honored immediately, I felt more inclined to like the place after a few margaritas! The food was very good and the place is incredibly cheap. A similar caliber meal in NYC would've run about double the cost!We came here for drinks on veterans day. The atmosphere was fancy, but pretty. The happy hour is only available at the bar. I got a rose margarita . It was delicious with the most subtle hint of rose flavor .Made reservations for 7 for Saturday night. 2 guests were at the bar and we were told we couldn't be seated until all 7 checked in at the desk and the bar tab was closed out. That took 20 minutes. But after we were seated the service was outstanding and the food was delicious.  We had 2 bowls of awesome guacamole and a margarita for the table which was delicious.  Most of us ordered the specials and everyone had rave reviews and were too full to finish.  The drinks were great at the bar and didn't experience the lack of attention from the bartenders as some others have mentioned. I would definitely recommend this restaurant.  Great experienceWent here for Restaurant Week with the boyfriend. We had reservations, but did wait 10 minutes for a table anyways.The service was impeccable, if a tad upscale, for what we were expecting. Ambiance was beautiful. A single candle on the table was the only light, so it was very dim. We actually had to hold our menu's near the candle to read them. (like camping, but you pay a lot of money to eat here!)
As always, he ordered better than me with ceviche and the jumbo shrimp/steak surf and turf. he thought everything he ordered was excellent.
Unfortunately, I can't remember what I ordered, except that it was "good." I think the fact that I don't remember what I ate says something.
We would come back and recommend it to anyone, even just to see the amazing decor inside.Girls night out couldn't have asked for a better spot.  The energy was incredible, service was outstanding, friendly staff, atmosphere was perfect and to top it off our food and drinks were delicious!  We loved the atmosphere of sitting in the bar area!We met up with old friends for dinner here, and I was very excited to try it as I had heard good things.  It was a less-than-pleasant experience.
The hostesses at the podium were extremely snotty and rude.  I mean, I understand it's Rittenhouse Square but c'mon. The drinks were nothing to sing about.  And what really tipped the scales was the lackluster cuisine.  I ordered the sopa de tortilla, and my friend ordered the chile rellenos.  A second after my soup arrived, I started smelling something resemblant to a NYC subway station.  I was thinking/hoping it wasn't my soup that smelled like urine but unfortunately it was :(  It was off-putting, and its taste didn't help matters any.  My friend's chile rellenos were okay but nothing to delegate the prices on the menu nor the attitudes of the hostesses.
What prompted me to give this place two stars instead of one was 1) our server was decent and on top of things, and 2) the ambience was pretty.
You'd be better off going to Las Bugambilias.  Amazing food, potent drinks, and a really nice staff.Had a 5pm reservation on Friday during Restaurant Week. The staff was very welcoming and polite. Our server Luis was patient and answered all questions we had about the menu. Our food came out hot and prompt. Really no complaints other than the seating is a little cramp but manageable. The flavor in the food was truly delicious. The chocolate mousse was really yummy! Hope to visit again!Vinny was superb. Delicious margs and guac. From out of town but will definitely be back.Don't use open table here, they take reservations but don't honor them.  Showed up after making an online rez, was told it would take at least an hour to seat us.  No apologies.  No offer to buy a round of drinks, or apps, or whatever else it is you do when you're in the service industry and screw up.  Yeah, we didn't stick around.Decided to give them a try on the final night of restaurant week. Arrived "on the dot" at 7:30 and our group of four was seated promptly. The promoted menu had changed but we improvised and were happy with the result. It seems the reviews are all over the board here, but I have to say our experience was nothing but good.
Service was prompt, and the first round of drinks were creative, strong, and delicious. Nachos were good, but the sauces left some room for improvement. Love the roasted peppers served wit. We believe in the shared approach so managed to taste everything. 
The ceviche was tasty and fresh, if a tad light on the seafood. The Sopas de Ranchos came 3 to a plate; tasty, filling, and went well with the cucumber-tequila-habanero martini's we were drinking. 
We had 2 each of the Pescaderos al Mango and the surf /turf (shrimp and fillet). The fish was grouper, served with a light, almost imperceptible breading stuffed with guacamole. Very generous portions, rice and a black re fried bean side. Overall a lot of food, well prepared with good flavor. 
Too full for deserts, we took some chocolate flan home and all tasted the tre-leche cake which was tasty and moist. A little of the owners-own sipping tequila was an after dinner drink. All in all, we agreed that Tequila's RW menu was well executed, good value, with a fun high energy ambiance. 
The real standout for the evening were the cocktails...  I'll be back at the bar to partake of those again real soon.Good service, good food. A bit pricey to be a go-to spot, but that's on par for the neighborhood. Would definitely go again for a special occasion. The dining room is huge, so would be good for a birthday or group dinner.I don't love Mexican food but this was a very nice place for date night. The staff was personable and welcoming, mainly our waiter ... he couldn't understand my drink order though. I guess I'll stick with the Jack & Coke. Our food was outstanding. Biggest shrimp I ever had and most delicious. 
Certainly recommend this place.This will always be one of my all time favorite restaurants. The love affair began sometime in 2007 and just keeps growing stronger. A few years ago I brought my now Husband and it has become our number one spot each time we travel back to Philly. We basically book a hotel and make a reservation all in one go. We have an unhealthy obsession with the Queso Fundido. From the ambiance to the margaritas I have nothing but wonderful things to say and highly recommend it to family and friends when they are in the area.I was walking around Rittenhouse Square with a friend visiting from Maryland looking for inspiration on where to eat.  After looking at a variety of menus, we decided that Tequila's was the most interesting.  Neither of us are huge fans of Mexican food, so the fact that we decided on Tequila's was significant in itself.
It was relatively early on a Saturday for dinner, so even though we didn't have reservations, we were promptly seated. Service was great. I liked the ambience.  Lively but not too loud.  And the meal I had was the best one I've had in months!  Drinks are large and strong.  How cool that they make their own tequila!  
My friend and I decided to share everything, since the portions were substantial.  We ordered guacamole with crab and mango.  Might sound strange, but it was wonderful.  Arugula salad, with a great dressing.  Not at all soggy.  And red snapper served over a well seasoned rice.  We were too full for dessert.  Maybe next time.  There will definitely be a next time!  This is an outstanding value.  Very fresh and authentic.The drinks at Tequilas are great - crafted well, strong, and lots of choices. For food I prefer other places in the city but I LOVE the Molcajete De Pollo here. It's great to share with someone after filling up on chips & salsa.REALLY intense menu: "inviting the chile chipotle to participate as a witness in the lynching of the fabulous filet." 
"Trenza (braids) are par excellence the most fashionable style for the country woman. Nothing is more beautiful than an imposing and timid country woman, adorned with the complex knots that crown her head."
Food is good, ambiance stuffy.4th time dining here and they've always been very good but this time hit a bit of a snag with our meals.  We ordered the molcajete and it was a bit to liquid this time.  Normally the stew's thickness is just right but I guess the chef was off that night.  We will revisit but it's sad to see that even this place has its standards slip.  For the prices paid the food should be spot on every time.Went here for a friend's birthday party. Really wonderful restaurant and great food, which lived up to the expectation.
Tequilas with cactus salt (not Morton's). I ordered a veggie enchilada platter, which is a bit citrusy, but yummy. The cocktails go great with food. It is bit loud in the restaurant, because it is a weekend. And obviously the restaurant is full. 
Highly recommend to anyone, who loves authentic Mexican food and Tequilas.There were 6 of us for dinner last night and the food and service was wonderful.  Unfortunately the restaurant noise was so loud we could not hear each other, ended up passing on dessert as we could not stand the noise.How... How does this place... Only have 7 reviews?!! It was packed... I cook regional gourmet Mexican cuisine nightly ..I kid you not... I am a Mexican American as well. The food here is five star. Really amazing, the drinks, tequila, beer is delicious.!!  I hope the locals appreciate thus place because its a jewel. Please no " margaritas and burrito types, this isn't that kind of place. It's where the true power, breadth and depth of Mexican cuisine is revealed. Viva mexico !! Viva la Bandera Aquila !Happy hour / Vegetarian Review:
***Happy hour specials are ONLY on selected apps and drinks- NOT ENTREES!! More on that later.***
I didn't see any $4 margaritas! They have some pretty expensive margaritas here, even for happy hour, I think it was like $8. The portion even for that wasn't impressive, but I guess it tasted fine. Not the best margarita ever though either.
I came in on a weekday with my bf, and we stood by the please wait to be seated sign for a while. Nobody came and we thought nobody was coming, so we kinda started lookin around for someone. Finally we went into the main room, where the bar was and asked where we could sit, he said bar area is open only. So we sat by the bar area. 
Only the bar tender was working at the time, so understandably, service was a little slow. 
The food was... cheesy. We ordered nachos and the enchiladas plate. We were under the impression that there enchiladas plate was also a happy hour special as pointed here on Yelp, but it wasn't. We payed the full price for it, and it wasn't worth it. 
The nachos were cheesy, dry and not seasoned at all. It tasted like they took beans out of a can and threw it on some chips and then dumped mozzarella cheese on top. 
The enchiladas were better, but at full normal price, we were expecting more than just 2 enchiladas. They still weren't even the best enchiladas. It was under seasoned again but atleast this one had a nice red enchilada sauce on them.
Anyways, I wouldn't recommend this place for vegetarians. I'd recommend it for drinks on happy hour, but food may not be worth it.Hands down best ceviche in Philly! Great food and great service! I went to Happy Hour the other evening which offered plenty of great options and great drinks at very affordable prices. I have also eaten dinner at Tequilas last year. The happy hour food is just as great as their regular dinner menu. Everything was very fresh and delicious. Highly recommend.We went to Tequila's last night, and I was not impressed. The $12 "Premium" Margaritas were ordinary, and definitely not worth the money.
The menu selection looked good, but the quality was hit or miss. The taquito appetizer I had was really good. My seafood enchiladas looked great, but they were bland. Nobody in my party raved about anything, but there was not an entree that was really bad either. 
The decor was nice, especially some of the smaller dining rooms near the entrance, but the service was horrible. The wait staff was very inattentive. After entrees were served, our waiter disappeared. We were never offered desert, or drink refills. We had to track down a staff member to get our check. 
Overall, the food wasn't horrible, but the mediocre service compounded with the ordinary food will keep us from coming back.# of people - 5
Appetizers - 
Chips and Salsa - 5/5
--The salsa was THE BEST! we used it as a garnish for everything we ate!
1. Oysters (1) - 4/5 - tasted awesome but had some sand left in it.....[:(]
2. Empanadas (2) - 5/5 - BEST thing ever! it was made with squash flower and tasted so gooDDDDD!!!
Main Courses - 
1. Chicken with Cheese and Rice - (3/5)
2. Chicken with Gravy - (3/5)
3. Vegetarian Platter - (5/5)
The food overall was really good....but the the 1rst course was pretty bland! had a tough time eating as it was tasteless....perfect for someone who likes just chicken. The gravy from the 2nd dish was used to eat with the chicken with cheese...
My husband and I shared the vegetarian platter and we loved it! the platter came with enchiladas and the chilli relleno (sp?), was spicy rather than being bland. 
Dessert -
1. Impossible Cake - (2.5/5)
Everybody that were at the table seemed to enjoy this cake....but i wasn't really impressed. it was basically a chocolate cake...with flan on the top...without the icing....but with a caramel drizzle...
Drinks 
1. Margarita Pitcher - (5/5)
Taquila. Salt. yUMMYTequila's has a great ambiance.  It would be a great place to get a drink and chill before going out.  
The food wasn't bad, but I just think that you can get better Mexican food and for a lot cheaper elsewhere.  Maybe not elsewhere in Philly, but definitely else where in California.
That being said, I had a great time here.  I tried the seafood enchiladas, the crab and pineapple guacamole, the corn and chipotle guacamole, and we also shared a pitcher of sangria.  The waiter was very entertaining and service was really good.To start, the food was amazing! We went with a group of 8 on a Sunday and they let us sit outside which was great! Now, with all of that being said it did take us about a half hour to sort out our bill and I didn't get my drink until after my entree. If you're not in a rush, I imagine you'll have a great mealI went here for lunch during Restaurant Week. AMAZING. It was pretty empty, so everything was served really quickly. The service was great, and the staff was really friendly. The fresh baked chips and different salsas were really good. I had the tortilla soup for my appetizer, which was very spicy and delicious. Then I had chicken enchiladas with mole sauce for my entree - amazing! I cannot say enough good things about the food. The decor is also really pretty. Other than RW though, I don't think I'd go there, because it's a little too expensive for my taste.We came by for Restaurant Week.  Despite having made reservations, we had to wait for our 20 minutes for our table and then were offered one by the door in the crowded bar.  We opted to keep waiting (with Sangria in hand, it didn't seem so bad) until another table was available.
We started with a round of Chips with Salsa and Guacamole - the Salsa was particularly delicious.  I was disappointed to find that they couldn't make the Ceviche shellfish-free, so I ended up ordering the Carne Aguacate with good flavor and tasty avocado-based sauce.  Overall, the food was good, but extremely salty.A few of my friends and I (6 people) went to Tequilas Friday night to celebrate my birthday and another friend's birthday. We were seated right away and served water almost immediately. We all ordered margaritas, and thought they were wonderful. I had the Margartia Roja, which was a good blend of sweetness and tequila. 
We had one vegan guest with us and there wasn't much on the menu she could eat (I didn't realize she was vegan, so that was my fault).  She spoke with Juan, our server, and he had the chef make something off-menu for her! She thought it was very good, and I was wowed by this gesture. Juan and the chef were so helpful! We got our food within 30 mins - which was impressive for a table of 6. I ordered the grilled chicken dish, which I really enjoyed. I find that refried beans tend to be quite salty, but these were just right. We shared the spicy guacamole among the 6 of us, and everyone love it. 
I am gluten free and Juan managed to substitute the cake they usually provide for birthdays for a chocolate tequila shot. It was absolutely delicious!! 
Overall, We spent about $40 per person, including drinks and an appetizer. The food was good and the service was out of this world! Ask for Juan, he is AMAZING!I was completely surprised by my experience at Tequilas.  I thought it was a small place, but the inside is expansive.  I came in around 7pm on a Tuesday with two girlfriends and we were seated right away.  I had heard about their margaritas, but wasn't expecting such excellent food.  I was initially taken aback by the high-ish prices, but the quality of ingredients was well worth it.  I was excited that they started us off with housemade chips, pico de gallo, another salsa with more of a smokey flavor, and hot peppers.  The roses margarita was perfect -- a nice balance of sweet and tart.
I had the chiles rellenos for my entree.  I almost always order chiles rellenos when I see them on a menu, and I think these were the best I've had.  There were two chiles -- one was filled with cheese and the other with beef.  The service was also great.  Very attentive and kind.  I will definitely come back.I wanted to try Tequilas for a while now and since I was in the city this past Saturday and my friend was in the mood for mexican we decided to go. When we walked in, it was nothing I was expecting. (I was expecting small dining area with tacky mexican novelties.) High end restarurant. Huge bar. Huge dining area. Dimmed lighting. The area they sat us in allowed for people watching, which was a huge plus! The waitress was very knowledgeable with offering a sipping tequila for me. My friend had an original margarita. She said it was good. After we placed our food order, we were offered chips, salsa, pickled peppers and carrots... that were marinated in tequila. Very good. We had to grab the pickled peppers from the waiter since he tried to remove it from our table. We wanted to eat them with our meal. My friend had Molcajetes, which was very good and plentyful. I don't remember what I ate other than steak. But the highlight of my dinner was the fried plantains. It's not on the menu so ask for a side plate.  
Overall, a very good place. I'll be going back again to sample more of their tequilas, since the owner makes his own.Unfortunately a once favorite spot for a girlfriend and I has gone downhill. Tequilas has chosen to follow the capitalist route. Everyone is certainly allowed to make money but in the restaurant industry, one of two things must happen. Decreasing portion size is unfortunately the route that tequilas has taken. A staple for us was always the ceviche. At $15.50 the portion was reasonable on previous visits  but as of 1/30/16 we noticed a portion size quite a bit smaller than before. I would be fine paying a $1-2 more for the same size portion as before. To drop the portion size doesn't give me the sense that the business really cares about pleasing its customers. As always the staff is great! I hope that extra capital is going to the staff!! 
~ a sad once follower of tequilas.Sangrias were yummy - not too sweet with lots of fruit. Yum. I ordered the enchilada playa (seafood with crabs, lobster, shrimp) which was delicious, but on the expensive side ($23 for two enchiladas). The dish was really rich with cream and cheese thus was really good. Ordered the queso fundido appetizer - a MUST try. Great service - very friendly and funny staff.I wanted to love Tequilas so much. The drinks I'll have to say are pretty decent. I love the pitchers of sangria that come with the spout. I think the alcohol in the sangria was pretty light though.
The food was good, nothing was a real home run but nothing was terrible either. The guacamole (and different variations of) were pretty good. Our waiter was also very attentive and the ambience gets high marks.Ima say 3.5 because nothing blew me away. It was nice to go to for sips. Very dark. Good margaritas, sangria. The apps were good too, but nothing had the wow factor. Nice people working there too.Pricey, yes, but it is an experience you won't soon forget. Everything, and I mean everything is top-notch. Food, service and setting make it the perfect date night for that new person you're trying to impress or the long-time love who still melts your heart.
My wife and I make it a point to visit at least bi-monthly.Perfection. Decided to come here for New Year's Eve, and let me tell you everything was just amazing. From the seafood soup to the langoustino special. It could not have been better. Reasonably priced for NYE with a brisk crowd and great service. Drinks were top notch. I will be back.I guess I'm impartial because I've worked for Xochitl, Osteria & Lacroix at the Rittenhouse. The decor is phenomenol. I would think it would pass more as a french restaurant. But the food & service compared to Xochitl Lacroix, Osteria & Paxia is extremely lacking. Like someone had said before, the chips seems stale. My drink was tasty, but the colors leave them to be less desirable. My date had the "Twist." As yummy as it was, it looked like muddy water. Maybe that drink should be served in an opaque glass.
I had Chicken Flautas or Taquitos and they seemed kinda bland. My date had sopes. Again, better one's from Xochitl. Entree was tuna ceviche in coconut creme (insanely sweet, I had to add a bit of pico de gallo from the chips to tone it down a bit) & Cochinita for my date. I loved the platanos on his. The rice was dos-tres, the black bean purée was a presented rather nicely. Dessert was meh. The banana crêpes at Paxia are more invigorating and the tres leches cake could have a better presentation. The flavors were OK, nothing to rave about. The cajeta on the crêpes seemed like it was from a bottle or a can.Very good Mexican place. Food was very good, and the wait staff provides some novel amusement be balancing a drink on three fingers as they pass through the dining room. The guacamole is outstanding, however I had a steak when my fiance came here which, although ordered medium rare, was served on the cooler side. The fact that they add in touches like having drinks on the menu for local Philadelphia celebrities like some of the Eagles is a great touch. Go here if you want a great start to a great night out.pros:
nice staff although could be better, the atmosphere is nice in most places in the restaurant (in some places its shabby), the banana cake was very good 
cons:
room temperature chewy flavorless stake, not so fresh salad, seasonings on food felt weird / forced (no love), the flan was not very good, room temp at 65 degrees, $170 for twoTequilas is a restaurant with a pretty nice atmosphere. The authentic cuisine was delicious. Service was great. Good drinks. Only complaint would be how close the seating is to the party next to you.Wow, what a great place.  Just got back from lunch there with a friend, and I believe I have found my new favorite Mexican eatery in the Philadelphia area.  Cheaper than El Vez, and definitely more authentic, Tequilas (it seems to be better known by that name) serves up some great Mexican dishes with an amazing staff that aim to please.
My dining partner and I started out with their Nachos Obligatorios.  They came out with big chunks of steak, lots of cheese and refried beans, and topped with sliced tomatoes.  Could have been a little spicier, that's my only complaint.
We also decided to try some of their famed margaritas.  I decided to stick with the standard to base my judgements on.  It was quite good, served in a tall glass that made you feel like you were getting plenty of drink.  My dining partner got one of the rose margaritas.  I, of course, could not pass up trying it.  Definitely a new taste.  Something I wouldn't want to drink a lot of, but it was certainly a new flavor and one that went very well with lunch.
I had the Molcajetes de Carne as my main course.  Wow, what a heap of food!  The beef was served in a large lava rock bowl, covered with a bit of cheese, diced cilantro, onions and peppers.  It was accompanied by rice, beans and guacamole, along with a bowl of corn (!) tortillas.  The tortillas were tasty, and I always love it when I get corn instead of flour.  The meat was very succulent.  A bit tough, but nothing too bad.  Again, could have been a little spicier in my opinion, but I imagine things have been toned down for the Northeastern palate.  The beans were standard fare, as was the rice.  The guacamole was downright delicious, though.  Seemed fresh, plenty of lime juice too.
My partner ordered the Enchiladas con Mole Poblano.  She definitely seemed to enjoy it, so I had to try a bite.  This was possibly some of the best mole I've had.  Not too chocolaty-sweet, which I often complain about with mole, its sweetness perfectly balanced out the bitter and the spice of the chicken.  
Our two drinks, one appetizer, and two entrees came out to $57 after tax, plus tip.
So, Pluses:
- Authentic!
- Excellent staff
- Very generous portions
Minuses:
- Lacking in spiciness
- Meat is a little tough
- Dinner menu is significantly pricier than the lunch side
In short, it's still the best authentic and classy Mexican in Philadelphia.  I'll definitely be back soon.I LOVE TEQUILAS!!!  I have been several times and it never disappoints.  The food is absolutely delicious and the drinks are great too.  My personal favorite is the carne aquacate while my boyfriend never strays from ordering the filete grito.  The ambiance is great and the staff is awesome.  Good for a date night or with a group of friends.  Tequilas is definitely my favorite restaurant in Philly.Don't judge this restaurant by it's website. 
The food, the drink, and the service was amazing. I came here with my partner for my birthday dinner this passed weekend and I had a great experience. ROSE MAGARITA ! ! ! 
Thank you Tequilas !Planned a bachelorette dinner here for 10 people, and everything was excellent! It was hard to find a restaurant that didn't insist on a prix-fixe menu, but we had so many different tastes it was a must. Tequilas let us do our own thing. Food and drinks were great. The crab and mango guacamole was amazing. Had a cool old mansion vibe. Waiters were friendly and they brought the bride-to-be a shot. Great all-around experience!This place is spot-on meh. The ornate decor can be nice, and maybe at night -- we went for lunch -- the ambiance can imbue the food with a little more pizzaz. But as was, not the greatest Mexican I've ever had. 
The chips and salsa: the chips were greasy and cold. Not even a close comparison to El Vez. The flautas were good, but run of the mill. And the tortillas were lacking in the same way Pica de Gallo's are anymore. Huevos Rancheros, you know, ok. 
 It was so mediocre, we opted not to have dessert. That says a lot considering I learned to spell dessert as "it's the one with two 't's because you always want more of it."Tequila's is always good.  The service is impeccable!!!  It feels like you are in NYC where people really know how to run a restaurant.  Food is always good and you can count on that.  And the prices are reasonable for what they are giving you.  This place is a tried and true tradition for Philadelphia at this point in our history.  Go there, you will be happy you did.I went back and forth between 3 and 4 stars and decided that, for the price, the negatives would have to pull them down.  They have an opportunity to recover, as I have only made two trips here and would not rule out a return.
To start, the atmosphere in the restaurant is outstanding: Dia de los Muertos murals, dim lighting, candles, and artwork combine with waitstaff that can do ridiculous balancing acts with drinks and trays of food.  The place seems to always be packed, which is fun and makes you feel like you must be somewhere very special.
My first stop was for late evening cocktails and appetizers with a friend on a Friday night around 10:30.  The restaurant was still full, but we were granted a table in the bar even though they are normally only given to people who would be having meals.  I suspect it helped that we were two well-dressed, reasonably cute girls.  I had margaritas made with the standard house tequila.  At first I was a little disappointed b/c my somewhat pricey drink did not seem to have much tequila at all.  Midway through the first one, I realized that it did pack quite a wallop; the tequila was just that smooth - nice!  The flautas that I ordered were just okay, but the bite that I had of my friend's ceviche was stellar - delightful seafood, fresh citrus flavor.  
Based on the first experience, I wanted to give Tequila's a go for a proper meal.  This was a dinner with three other people at 8:30 on a Friday night.  Without a reservation, we waited about 45 minutes for a table, which was to be expected.  We spent it enjoying margaritas in the very full bar.  The chips and dips to begin our meal were quite good and the service was friendly.  Unfortunately, the meals were just okay overall.
A wise woman once told me that, in Mexican food, the sauce makes the dish.  Unfortunately, sauce cannot compensate for basic cooking problems; two of the four dishes at our table were prime examples of this.  The sauce on the chicken mole was delicious - complex, richly spicy and smoky; the chicken was very overcooked, and there was not enough actual meat to justify the price.  A hanger steak in an exquisite Chimichurri sauce ordered "medium" came out quite rare.  They were happy to take it back, but the second attempt resulted in a steak that was also rare, but this time burned on the outside.  My seafood enchiladas were pretty good, and a "fish of the day" that I did not try looked passable.  For the prices, this is simply not good enough.
I did really like the experience of eating there, so I am hoping the kitchen was just having an off night.  I will definitely go back, but may try another round of small bites at the bar before committing the time and money to a second dinner.Walk past everyday and was finally able to go in for dinner. Service was excellent. The waiter asked how I liked my margarita ( which I always find challenging to describe) and brought me out one of the best I've ever had! Food was delicious, chicken was tender and had just the right amount of beans and cheese on it. My friend ordered a filet mignon and that was cooked exactly as she asked. I would give 5 stars but the noise level is very high which takes away from the relaxing atmosphere.On a current business trip I ate at Tequilas twice.   The food is good.... as good as it gets... maybe for Philly, but I do not live here so I can not make that judgment.  However, the food is good... the best I've ever had... no.  The staff is very friendly and helpful.... the food fresh and tasty.  The chips and salsa served were very good... that kicks the meal off on a good note.  The warm corn tortillas served with the meal, were very good as well.  On my last trip I had carne asade.  It was just ok.  The steak was done medium well when I asked for medium rare.  I would pass on the carne asada.  The beans were very tasty.  On my first trip I had a wonderful soup.. it was a mushroom soup... soup of the day.    The group I was with ordered a ton of appetizers.... the ceviche was amazing!   Do order it if you like ceviche.  I like this place and will go back next time I am in Philly.My friend and I went here for restaurant week last week. The service was fast and great. 
For appetizers, we tried their cream soup, which I was a bit disappointed by. However, the salsa that came with their chips were delicious! 
For entrees, I tried their beef empanadas which were very tasty. 
For dessert, my friend got the flan while I got the tres leches. The tres leches is way better by far. 
Each portion was decent sized so I left feeling very full and satisfied.This is the second year we have gone here for my fiancé's birthday. We both got the hot lava pots with chicken in them and like last year beyond amazing. We ordered the empanadas and they did not let us down with flavor only downside could use at least one more on the plate. The service was very good and friendly fixed the table when it was wobbling, and was very timely when it came to bribing us drinks and our food. They also took down it was her birthday and brought us a piece of tres leches cake and gave her a shot and slammed it down in front of her and started singing. This place is a great sit down Mexican food place for upscale food with great taste and serviceI think this place does the best job with Mexican food in center city. The mole, molcajetes (stews served in a stone grinder (molcajete)), enchiladas, and queso fundido are all tasty. Also, I completely disagree that there is a lack of spice...this a Mexican restaurant by Mexicans (but for gringos) and they use a variety of chile peppers in the mole and other chiles such as guajillo, chile de arbol, etc. The food isn't overly spicy but I would never say it "lacks spice". Additionally, if one wants more spiciness, one can request a "hotter" salsa that is made with habanero chiles...be careful with this though! The service is another issue but is usually pretty good and can include balancing tricks as some of the other reviewers noted.
Some of the bad reviews about the food  can be explained by a few things: 
#1: Good Mexican food doesn't have to be pricey and the food isn't cheap here...but remember where the restaurant is located and the ambiance. 
#2: The tortilla chips are homemade which is why they are thicker and some chips can be crispier than others...the way their tortilla chips appear and taste is comparable to how tortilla chips are in Mexico. If you want Doritos, go to WaWa.
#3: Cajeta is caramel made from goat milk which is probably why the taste seemed a little off to one reviewer. One can buy it in a plastic or glass jar and it is pretty damn good (and fresh goat milk is hard to find). I doubt one could find any Mexican restaurant in the US that makes its own cajeta.
#4: Straying too far away from standard fare, such as with ceviche and coconut milk, could be disappointing.   
#5 Their margaritas are deceptively potent... I would also challenge you to have more than two of their margaritas on a work night and be able skip out of bed the next morning.Great food and drinks.  Best Mexican in the city.We came here for a girls night. Let me start of by saying we all adored out waiter. He was so nice and accommodating, he brought drinks on his head, he gave us plenty of time to decide, made suggestions and was just all around great.
The drinks were excellent. I have been here once before and got the Mojito Verde and it was delicious. This time I got a CocoLoca which tasted like a pina colada made love to a margarita and had a baby. 
There were five of us so we ordered one regular guacamole for the table. We were all very hungry and ate it right up and ordered a second, this time with crab meat and melon which was interesting.
I ordered one of the specials; salmon in butternut squash sauce with *broosel sprouts* (we loved the way he said it)  topped with a scallop. I usually try to stay away from salmon because I feel it's one of the fishier tasting fishes but this piece wasn't fishy at all and the scallop wasn't either. It was delicious and I had to stop myself from licking the butternut squash sauce off the plate. I've had the carne asada a la tampiqueña before which is also highly recommended. 
We ordered dessert. I LOVE churros so naturally I ordered them. They were a bit too soft to my liking but still very good. It came out to a reasonable price per person and we all went home full and happy.I went here with my boyfriend for restaurant week and read all of the great reviews. Unfortunately, for us the food was just mediocre. I had the enchiladas playa which were pretty bland. The empanadas also lacked flavor.   
That being said, there was a very nice ambiance!
The dessert was also great! I had the tres leches cake and it was so moist and refreshing!Outstanding cocktails. Accommodating staff. Absolutely beautiful decor. Delicious food. Rough for parking... unless you find an open lot/garage. 
I came with a Birthday celebration. The entire place seemed to party with us. Such fun. It was a bit crowded but, it was more festive than bothersome. Servers were all-smiles and so very polite. They even seemed to enjoy the house's obligatory Birthday performance. Hahaha.It was my first (and definitely not last) visit to Tequila's and I felt like family.  The pitcher of Margarita's brought to the table on the waiter's head seemed never-ending and definitely made me a tequila convert. 
Each night there is  freshly-made guac... we had crab-mango... it was BANGIN (and I promise I don't use that word often).  My favorite part of the meal though were the bacon-wrapped shrimp... my friends swear I was moaning as I was eating them.  
The waitstaff actually seemed happy and were joking around with guests... and my friend pointed out that the owner was working the floor just like a waiter... he was very friendly and attentive.  
I hear that they have a Prix Fixe for large groups... so I may definitely consider having my birthday here this summer. The decor is beautiful and I think the place is perfect for date night, dinner with friends, or a family gathering.4/50 things on this menu is vegetarian. Yah. You're welcome, veggie lovers for the inside tip. I feel like vegetarians think Italian places and Mexican places are usually a safe call, but this place is NOT so great with that. Wish they would step that up because you can make a lot of nice and flavorful mexican dishes that are vegetarian.
Lucky for my non-existent diet, I'm not a vegetarian (today). So I left the fancy Tequilas stuffed from the BEST enchiladas EVER. Enchiladas Playas. Crabmeat and shrimp in enchiladas?! Genius. 
Biggest EW was the veggie fundido. It was literally a block of barely melted cheese and half a jalapeño cut up in it. If you're gonna say that an app can be made into a vegetarian option then add some mushrooms or somethin' to give it some actual substance. Sad. It was soooo hard to eat and not tasty. It's never a good sign when you say "Chile's does this better." 
Quick Tip I didn't get to do on my phone: If you enjoy cocktails that are sweet with a little bite (spice) try the Short Rib. It's on point people.Happened to be walking by when the thought of a really good drink crossed my mind.  The restaurant which is located inside a former house with most of the former woodwork still in place was really pretty.   The husband and I sat at the bar and were greeted by an extraordinarily knowledgeable bartender.   I thought about a drink but we ended up sharing a Mezcal flight for around $17.  The flight that was chosen for us was fantastic!  I definitely want to come back and enjoy the food and more of the expansive tequila menu.We have been coming to this place to years, even when they were down the street, closer to Broad on Locust.  The food is always very good and you must hand it to them for the great space.  The updated paintings of Mexican skull art add a great deal.  Very authentic place we will continue to visit into the future.We went on a Saturday night and had a great dinner.  Service was fast and attentive and everything was delicious.  
We had two servers who checked in with us just often enough.  Empty dishes and plates disappeared in seconds.  
My wife had a shrimp dish - three shrimp that were about the size of small lobsters, and she loved it!  I got a steak over cactus with Serrano peppers.  The steak was delicious and perfectly prepared.  I was warned that the peppers were there just to flavor the steak and cactus; I mistook one for a small piece of steak and ate it.  My eyes were watering and nose was running for about five minutes!  : D
My wife had margaritas; she said they were the best she's had.  I had Philly Pale Ale - they had an IPA from Conshohocken Brewery but had just run out, to my disappointment.  Still, I like Philly just fine.
I got the Habanero chocolate ice cream for dessert - I highly recommend it if you like hot foods and have a sense of adventure.  My wife had, I think, some kind of cheesecake, which she loved.
It's not cheap but it's basically the same kind of pricing as any center city Philly restaurant.Wow.  I can sum up my experience at Tequlia's with that one word.
I was visiting Philly this weekend with a group of teachers in town for a conference and we found ourselves in the ever trendy and beautiful Rittenhouse area.  We ran across Tequilas and were drawn in by the friendly waiters and the streetside dining.
We decided to eat outside, but the inside of this restaurant is gorgeous.  There are these really cool "Dia de los Muertos (day of the dead)" murals in the entrance.  The lighting is low and the decor is fabulous.  
Our waiter, Jeremy, was super friendly and efficient.  We asked him what his favorite thing on the menu was and he promptly replied - "Carne Aguacate," which translates to Steak with Avocado.  YUM.  I ordered it and let me tell you people... one of the BEST meals I've ever had.  I am not being dramatic here.  It was a thinly-sliced filet mignon drizzled with a avocado sauce and stuffed with mushrooms and other veggies.  It was served with rice and some more vegetables.  The meat was so tender it nearly melted in my mouth.
I was blown away by this place and would not hesitate to visit again.  While the price was a little steep for me (my meal was 21.95), it's definitely a place that I'd go for a special occasion!The staff save this place. They are some of the city's best servers but the menu is pretty unexciting. Don't get me wrong-you won't have a bad time. You'll enjoy your meal and drinks but it's not 4 stars.We were able to get last minute reservations here for a party of 2 on a Friday night. The service was very attentive and our food arrived quickly considering the large parties that arrived at the same time. My chicken was perfectly cooked in a delicious green sauce. Would definitely come back again.We had a taste for latin food and read the great reviews for this restaurant on yelp so we called to see if we could get in - we called at 7 pm on Saturday night. The woman said if we come over now we could get in before the reservations they had. Since we live down the street we were there in 5 minutes. 
When we arrived she told us it would be a half hour wait. Apparently things changed in 5 minutes?!? We mentioned the call and she made up some story of how it all of a sudden got packed and a lot of reservations were coming in. She said we can have a drink at the bar - we don't  drink so we stood in the front and waited, slightly annoyed with her. 
This man, who seemed to be her boss, came in and greeted us and talked to her quietly. She then seated quickly; seemed like her authority was quickly taken away. 
Once we were seated we were treated like kings. 
It's a lively place with an artsy Mexican decor, cute masks on the wall, beautiful sconces throughout, dimly lit - very attractive space that made it a comfortable place to have a meal in. 
We had two waiters who obviously know how to take care of their customers. I was introduced to Manuel - he was awesome! I'll always remember how he carried a bear bottle and wine bottle on his head to his tables - the balance he has is truly amazing. He made us feel like we were having a meal in his family's kitchen and it was a pleasure to serve us, what a nice change, hardly ever seen in the restaurant world anymore! 
The food was spectacular! We had guacamole and queso fondio con chorizo served with the best homemade chips and corn tortillas - very tasty starters! For our meal I had a chicken dish with refried beans and cheese and a green tomato sauce, superb - can't wait to have it again! My companion had the special - shorts ribs in a red sauce, twice baked potato and veggies. We split a tres leches with chocolate dessert that melted in my mouth. GREAT FOOD!  
This restaurant hit a home run on the staples of Mexican cooking, so glad it's down the street so we can go as often as we want!LOVED! 
I have been on the fence about going to Tequilas because I'm a very picky vegetarian. The menu was huge and several options could be made vegetarian. The margaritas were to die for. Try to Rose margarita and you won't be disappointed. 
The staff was very friendly and accommodating (we had a lot of questions and our waitress was so sweet)The food was not really impressive. I would frankly prefer On the Borders. I'm not sure if it's because I came here for the first time during restaurant week. Every part of their menu was kind of disappointing, but the service and the mood of the restaurant was very creative and nice. The chips in the beginning were really goodLos Catrines Tequilas, or just Tequilas, is a great Mexican restaurant. The atmosphere is both romantic and fun. The service is top notch. I have seen some of the waiters bring out drinks on their heads, and I have even seen one pour drinks from a jug on his head to the amazement of the patrons seated at the table. The food is unique and authentic. You go here to get really tasty meats and delicious side dishes, not burritos and quesadillas. The langustinas and the carne asada are my two favorite dishes. The drinks are also top notch, especially the tequila selection, the mixed drinks, and the flavored margaritas. Tequilas is a place to go to on a first date, but also a place to bring a large group of friends for a fun night out. I have many great memories from this restaurant.I feel like I'd have to give dinner a shot here before I form a full opinion, but as of right now, I'm not overly impressed. Came for SIPS on Wednesday and was unprepared for a) the fancy shmancy ambiance and b) the mass amounts of people in business attire. I was in a sundress and felt like a total weenie, especially since I arrived before the rest of my party. Look at that loser sitting at the bar by herself in a sundress! HA! LOOOOOOOSER. 
Could've sworn that the sips website said margs were $4, but when I got there, they were actually more like $5.50 after tax. I stuck with the house chardonnay for $4 but did try a sip (see what I did there) of one of the margs, they were decently strong for the price so that's a plus I guess. Service was helpful and pretty quick, but I'm not in too much of a hurry to come back any time soon.The service was amazing. From the host/hostess to our waiter, everyone was so fun and gracious. There seemed to be lots of celebrations happening here with drinks and shots flowing. I had the margarita roja which was delicious. 
We ordered guacamole for the table with extra jalapeños. Still not as spicy as I would have liked but I added salsa to it to spice it up. I honestly think the chips salsa and guac were my favorite part of the meal. 
My boyfriend and I split a meal and I honestly can't remember what it is called. It's the first one under the beef section. You can get it with beef or chicken. We ordered the chicken and it showed up in a giant hot pot type stew. You get another plate of rice, beans, guac, and tortillas to assemble the food together. It was ok, honestly I should have at least to make it spicy because I wish it had more flavor. It was presented beautifully, just wish they flavors were more complex ! 
Overall a good night and the place was decorated nicely. I think this place is worth checking out.Great authentic Mexican food with an extensive drink menu, wide variety of food from traditional Mexican to oysters and more. The service was the highlight of our night, outstanding