Terakawa Ramen is probably one of the best ramen places I've ever been to. I tried the Tan Tan Ramen with chicken and it was delicious! The noodles were cooked to perfection and the broth was just spicy enough. I also tried some of the Signature Ramen, which was good, but I definitely preferred the Tan Tan. I also ordered a croquet as an appetizer, which was good and cheap, but I probably wouldn't get it again because it was just deep fried potato with a dipping sauce on the side. Regardless, the ramen was amazing and the service was super quick! Within a few minutes of sitting down, the waitress had taken our order and not even five minutes later, our food was served. Word of caution - this place is pretty small and gets very busy. I got there around 5:30 on a Friday night and one of the last seats at the bar. As we were leaving, there were multiple parties waiting in the doorway, but the ramen is well worth the wait!I tend to whine about how some things in New York are just so much better than in PHL, eg. the theatres, the gym classes, the sheer variety of asian desserts, and THE RAMEN. Terakawa is no Totto, but it's solid comfort food for a good price. When I crave ramen in Philly, I'll head there, and I intend to try all the other items on the menu! 
I went for the first time, and ~7pm on a weekday there was barely any wait for 2 seats at the bar. The appetizers are pretty reasonably priced ($5 for 2 pork buns). I ordered the mayu ramen ($10), though the name sounded a little dubious and I was afraid it'd be a less authentic variation of ramen. But nope. It was gooood. It reminds me of black garlic ramen. The broth was thick, creamy and rich without causing that bloated aftertaste. The noodles were perfectly cooked, Hakata-style I believe, thin straight noodles. The pork was a little different from the usual chewy, thin slices of char siu - this was thicker, fattier, and tasted much softer. I liked it, though! It melted in my mouth. I was a little disappointed to only be given half an egg (especially after my failed experiments to recreate ramen eggs at home). 
The other great thing is the fried garlic provided at every table. I probably ate way too much garlic that night. No regrets at all.I've been here a few times. First time was when they first opened and the rest were recently. I had always order their miso ramen and noticed that they had definitely improved over time. Loved the pork buns and the seasoned onigiri was also very tasteful. Overall, satisfied with their friendly food.I love this place.  Signature ramen is my favorite.  Also takoyaki are delicious
I have been getting take out since there is often a long waitI have been to Terakawa around 5-6 times now. The service and food has been consistent and exceedingly exceptional. The miso ramen is an excellent vegetarian option and the broth is so delicious it is my go-to here even though I am not vegetarian. The chicken and pork bun appetizers are really great as well. My boyfriend had the gyudon, curry and beef udon and thought they were all really good. I also think it is affordable and you usually need to wait, but the wait is always quick and the wait staff really moves quickly too. Hostesses and servers are super friendly. It is a smaller place so it can be tight during peak times but is still nice. I would not go here with a group larger than 4 because of the small size, but it is ideal for a single diner or two people. The staff works really well together as well, and it shows.PROS: Great atmosphere, nice decor, good service, large portion.
CONS: Anything sushi-related is the wrong choice. We ordered an onigiri(triangle rice ball) as appetizer, oh boy was that bland without any filling. Noodles were just fine, but kinda pricey. The $14 jumbo-sized yet under-seasoned ramen wasn't worth the money cos it didn't taste better but larger-portioned.Delicious! I usually don't like Asian cuisine but omg this is my second time here and I haven't been disappointed yet! Please try the crispy chicken buns!Terakawa is utterly incredible.  I'm not familiar w other Ramen establishments, but we were so utterly impressed with this place.  The interior is very stylized, clean and warm in a welcoming manner.  The wait staff are friendly and helpful.  The menu is mysterious and fascinating.  
We were very impressed with the presentation of the noodles and more impressed with the flavors and textures.  The prices were right and we walked away feeling great. 
The experience itself was unique, fulfilling and enlightening.  We want more! 
I walked in a Ramen boy,....  Now I'm a Ramen man!A friend mentioned this as one of the best ramen places in Philadelphia so I had to give it a try.  Came in and ordered a large spicy miso ramen ($9) after about a 30 minute wait on a Saturday night at 5pm.  The ramen took a considerable amount of time to make, about 15 minutes, but I'll forgive them since their waitress was super nice and because they were obviously swamped with orders.  But anyways, about the ramen.  
For me, ramen can be broken down into 4 components: broth, meat, noodles, toppings.  The broth was a really rich flavor... almost too rich if that's possible.  It tasted like it had been simmered for half a day if not longer, but maybe it was because of that that it felt like there was a certain freshness missing from it.  Perhaps it would have benefitted from a drizzle of sesame oil or truffle oil on top, to give the broth an extra aromatic oomph and flavor.  As is, it just tasted a bit too overpoweringly of pork and miso.  The meat was absolutely fantastic.  The meat was barely holding together with my chopsticks and even less so when I bit into it.  Had a good amount of fat that further added to its texture.  Flavor was also a bit strong, but overall not too bad since the meat is meant to be paired with the more "bland" items like rice or in this case noodle.  Speaking of noodles, these noodles were all right, nothing really to rave about but definitely adequate for a ramen place.  The toppings similarly were all right and nothing to rave about.  Had some bamboo shoots, bean sprouts, half an egg, and some of that asian black fungus in strips.  A boring composition, which kind of felt like it was thrown together to provide asthetic appeal to the dish.  The egg was well made however, and the bamboo shoots weren't too bad either.  
Overall, pretty decent place I will almost definitely venture to again when I have a craving for ramen, but not a place I'd glowingly recommend as the single ramen culinary experience that my friend had made it seem to be.I just had my first meal at terakawa ramen and it was very good. The cuisine was created with care and the taste was full of flavor.  You can even select the amount of salt and softness of the noodles. 
The price was impressive for the quality of food we ate.  
Pork buns. Must have
Broths are a bring home 
Karage chicken curry was moist and crispy. 
Tea - tasted like hot water.  Don't get the tea. 
The wait staff was attentive and nice. The restaurant is relatively small but cozy. Lines could easily form if there was a small crowd in the mood for some good food.  
Good quality for the money. Will be back again.Best ramen in philly. 
Be prepared to wait if you want a table for 2 or more. You can get a seat quickly if you're willing to sit at the bar. 
The mini curry bowl is a good add on if your hungryLove this place. great ramen, great curry, great gyoza, and most importantly... great service! keep it up, Terakawa!Best ramen ever!!! Noodle is perfectly cooked and soaked in a rich flavorful bone broth. Pork belly melts in your mouth. Add some chili flakes and sesame oil and your taste bud will dance.I travel to Japan a decent amount for business, and am pretty happy to find a decent place that serves not only real ramen, but harder to find dishes like katsudon and japanese curry.  The food itself is good, though not perfect.  The katsudon, for example, was too dry by default, but the second time I tried it, I asked for extra sauce and egg, and that brought it a lot closer to what I was looking for.  I'm was tempted to give this place a 5-star review on the availability of reasonably rare japanese dishes alone.I love the spicy ramen, the miso ramen, and the chicken cutlet curry! Great portion sizes for decent prices!
The workers are pretty friendly. The service is generally pretty fast. 
Sometimes there are long wait times around lunch and dinner time, so come early to avoid the wait! 
There's a $10 card minimum I believe.
5/5!Amazing ramen in Philadelphia! Was craving ramen & decided to try. Lots of people standing outside waiting. Gave our name then went around the corner to Vivi Bubble Tea. Back to Terakawa. Only had to wait a total of 25 minutes. 
Service was fast and super friendly. Open kitchen was fun to see. My son & I shared a mini curry rice bowl and pork buns. I got the Spicy Ramen. Delicious! (FYI-waitress suggested extra napkins as a bib so my white shirt stayed stain-free. Definitely necessary) My son got Tan Tan Ramen. He loved his. Both look leftovers home after asking for an extra egg & noodles. Leftovers were packaged expertly, with broth separated from noodles.
Highly recommend & will definitely go back!2nd and last tine i will come here. The food was good but the service was crappy. We had a large group about 8 then 10 (2 friends who didn't know we were thier joined us)  we order 2 or 3 rounds of appetizers  with drinks for a while since we where all comming different times due to our college classes ending at different times. Where noticed that the kitchen staff kept watching /looking  at us which made us feel uneasy.  The a waitress cane to me asking when were our friends comming because it's about to be dinner time. Sounds harmless right, yet we where the only table they ask that to. It was not like we where thier to long since thier was 3 tables if not more who were still thier. When I told the other waitress I wanted to speak to the Manger she said he was busy and to tell her the problem. Which I did, she apologized for the other waitress and said she should if not say it like that. I won't come here againUnbelievably delicious, and extremely quick. The waitstaff was really sweet. Great place.Finally, a decent ramen place in Philly!  We ordered the Terakawa ramen, seaweed salad, octopus balls, and the pork belly sliders.  The ramen came out delicious. The noodles were the right texture and the broth was very flavorful. Pork was so tender and the hard boiled egg was perfectly cooked. I love the yolk a little runny. The  Seaweed salad is what you expect.  Octopus balls were a bit soggy in the center.  It was full of flavor but I am used to the octopus balls that are served on St. Mark's Place in NYC.  Pork belly sliders were also really good.  The spicy mayo was a bit on the heavy side. The dish can also use a kick if the cucumbers were pickled.  It was a bit one note. It needed a hit of acid.Ramen experience: I have tried 50+ ramen places in New Jersey, Philadelphia, and New York. 
Ordered: 
-Edamame
-Gyoza (fried)
-Terakawa Ramen Special
The edamame is on the saltier side. If you like salty like me, then you will greatly enjoy it!
The gyoza was fried to a perfect crisp. Served with soy sauce as is custom.
Now, the ramen. Nothing in the ramen screams "NOTICE ME." Instead, every aspect of it is subtle perfection.
The noodles are perfectly cooked. The broth is creamy and savory with perfect amounts of salt and oils. The pork slices were incredibly tender and delicious. 
This is exactly as ramen should be. Nothing more, nothing less.Best ramen I've ever had! Fast service, hardworking service crew. Just expect long lines but i go to these place knowing im gonna have the best ramen so i wait whatever it takes. Allow yourself enough time to park and Allow yourself time . Besides that, this is the best ramen i have ever had! Been here more than ten times and my go tos are, tokayaki, pork bun (soft) , tantan ramen .always hit the spot!I don't think I can say "amazing" enough. The food is authentic, delicious, fast and affordable. My stomach literally did cartwheels when I had the takoyaki and the beef buns. Amazing. Amazing. Amazing. 
I got ramen to go and not only did they package is so it tasted just as good as if I was eating it there, they did it SUPER fast. Everything about this place is on point. 
Every restaurant should be like this. Amazing service and atmosphere. I plan on bringing everyone I know who likes Japanese here and probably people who don't just so I can convert them. Amazing.Delicious!!!!! 
My favorite ramen place in Philadelphia for sure. The broth was nice and flavorful. The toppings were everything that I wanted - mushroom, bamboo, radish, egg, and green onion. I really enjoyed the pork. It was fatty and moist. Definitely a must go!Super authentic, super delicious. My girlfriend and I LOVE ramen and Terakawa is always the first choice when we want real good ramen. and our standards when it comes to ramen are high!This is absolutely the BEST ramen I have ever had. Literally, I had ramen in a lot of places, Dallas, Oklahoma, DC, Tokyo... Service was excellent too!! Definitely recommend if you are a ramen lover!!!!This place is good, but not perfect or anything.  The broth is yummy as was their karaage and the texture of their noodles, but of course, it's not the same as having ramen back in Japan. The broth is pork based, making it fatty, but not excessively so(I've been to some ramen places where the broth includes basically solid little chunks of pork fat).
I definitely plan to go back, especially since it's getting colder, and the price I think is correct. I just really wish they also made chahan. Ramen house chahan is always so good.This place is legit!   Some of the best ramen I've had outside of Japan.  The pork bun was on point too.  The service was attentive and the place was very clean, even our table despite having two children under 3 at it.  Our waitress came over every once in awhile to pick up whatever my crazy child had thrown off the table at that moment, so that's an extra star in my book.  Definitely check this place out!The Ramen here was out of this world. It was well-portioned, absolutely delicious, and so warm. It was just what I needed on a cold, snowy day. 
I will say, I was a little disappointed that they don't have fountain drinks and instead only offer canned beverages. It's more expensive for an operation to run like that in the long term. Plus it presents a sustainability issue. 
Also, my good friend was visiting from out of town and unfortunately there was nothing on the menu he could eat that was vegetarian. He ended up ordering the single fish containing dish but by and large, it was not friendly to non-pescatarian vegetarians.Good service! Food tastes as good as it looks! Can get pretty busy, so be mindful of that. Wait is typically short.The ramen here was so good!!!!! We also the gyu don rice bowl and that bowl was freakin huuuge!!! It definitely a perfect appetizer for sharing. The beef and onion were cooked to perfection and to be honest, I would go back just to eat this. I ordered the spicy ramen but it was so spicy I couldn't eat it (my bad). I didn't expect it to be that spicy. So warning: THE SPICY RAMEN IS ACTUALLY REALLLLY SPICY. However, I traded ramen bowls with my boyfriend and he loved it. So if you're a huge fan of spicy food, definitely try it out. The service here was also really good, I don't think there was ever an instance where my water cup was close to empty, they probably came by and refilled my water like 4 times. If you sit at the bar area, they even have purse hooks underneath the table. I loooved that and the fact that they thought of it shows how much they value customer service. I would highly recommend this place!Get the crispy pork buns. But consider yourself informed that it's the bun that comes out crispy, not the pork. I loved the texture of the buttery toasted bun, and the pork was saucy and delicious. It comes with thin slices of tomato, cucumber, and lettuce to add a bit of crunch and freshness. 
The Mayu ramen is just like the traditional tonkotsu ramen, but the porkiness of the broth is covered up with a fragrant leek and garlic oil that creates a dark tint to the broth. The portions are generous and filling. This dish comes with straight ramen noodles, and I found myself eyeing my friend's wavy egg noodles that come with the Kimchi ramen - maybe I'll get those next time. I love that you can select the firmness of the noodles,  saltiness of the broth, and add spiciness to the broth. I wish all ramen restaurants offered this level of customization! 
Definitely check this place out if you're craving ramen near Chinatown! But keep in mind that seating is limited - they open at 11:30 on Sundays and filled up by noon.This is my favorite ramen on the planet!!! Every time we pass near Philly on a vacation or road trip, my husband and I take a detour to hit up this restaurant. Yummy gyoza and delicious ramen. The Tan Tan Ramen (miso and spicy chicken broth) is my favorite.LOVED Terakawa ramen. We noticed the huge line outside Terakawa for dinner and we knew we had to eat there. We were given a 15-20 minute wait time, so we walked around Chinatown and came back in the 15 minute time frame. We were called in and seated right away at the ramen bar. I ordered the spicy ramen, which is a spicy seafood broth with kimchi and my SO ordered the signature Terakawa ramen. He really enjoyed his, as did I. We also ordered the tempura shumai to share. It's not like your traditional Chinese shumai, but nonetheless it was delicious and the sauce that it was drenched in was tasty. Terakawa is cheaply priced and delicious. For two of us we ordered two ramen bowls and shared an appetizer for less than $30!This place was a ramen place that everyone has recommended me in Philadelphia. Honestly, I thought it would just taste similar to any other ramen places and was confused why they had such a long line. (yes there are huge lines during weekend and during dinner time so be aware) However, after trying out the place, wow. I mean wow, it was really good. I always wanted to try the rice dish with chicken katsu and the eggs with some soy sauce and they had it on the menu! it was such a good comfort food and their spicy ramen special had a very good kick to it and the spiciness didn't stay for a long time! Definitely a must try place!I came here yesterday and had the Terakawa ramen (first one on the menu). The meat is tender and the broth tastes okay, but I don't think the ramen is as good or as flavorful as everyone raves. In the past, I've also tried the miso ramen here. I've definitely had better before. Not pictured, the pork curry katsu dish, the curry is pretty average.
It's always busy when I come but the service is quick and friendly enough - some waiters are definitely more helpful than others. We waited quite a few minutes to be seated, many waiters/staff didn't take any notice that we had come in. They took our orders and cleared our table really fast - our party of 5 got in and out pretty quickly.What I had: Terakawa Ramen (or the "signature" ramen)
My baseline: Keika and Komurasaki. Both are recognized as Kumamoto legacies in Japan.
What I thought: The broth was not what I expected from a Kumamoto ramen. It was the lightest and most subtle broth ever. Better to call it Kumamoto-inspired with American adaptations. Cha-shu (roast pork) was acceptable. Noodles were okay - not much impact and default cooking level (you can choose when you order) was too soft. I will do a bari-kata next time.
Kara-age' mini-donburi with curry was good. This is recommended given its price of $2.delicious authentic Japanese Ramen. I've been to Japan and in my opinion it's pretty close to the real thing. this is my first time here and I'll absolutely be backThe chicken karage was hard and in a big chunk, and i am not a big fans of their noodle. A good ramen noodle, you don't have to season it anymore! The Gyoza was a big no no. Ramen boy was way better. I just went to this store once, and never go back again. There are another ramen house that much better than this one.I understand why the line is out the door. I ordered pick-up and got the best steamed chicken buns I've ever had. First time getting tonkotsu, so I have no comparison. It was good though. I will say the ramen had the best noodles so far. I can't wait for another chance to order some ramen. Not sure if I'll get a chance to dine-in, but take out is always a win.They deserve an update... Even if it's one star up.... 
I was here last year, and I was NOT impressed... Decided, heck, let's give it another try. It's just down the block anyways! 
The soup definitely tasted MUCH better. It had FLAVOR!!! Ramen was better in texture, ingredients were great. It didn't seem like they just threw everything in the bowl like my last visit. 
It's still a bit off from my better experiences in NY, but can't really compare to a great city such as the big apple. 
Hopefully they will continue to be better..Ordered Terakawa Ramen. 
It was not so great. Considering that it's a Ramen joint, they really need to improve. 
Their takoyaki is pretty good though.Been craving noodles for eons, and this place delivered right into my mouth.  Got 2 types of ramen, slurped both bowls (im fat) and I am going back again this week as soon as I can get a date.  I sat at the bar and it was easy and casual feeling, and also kind of cool inside.  They are not over the top on atmosphere, but I feel like you could dress up or just wear a t-shirt.  Highly recommended.AWESOME! the ramen is solid, but I am honestly more in love with their udon. Clean, fresh, and delicious. Both the ramen and the udon are full of flavor and come in large portions. Prices range from $8-11 per bowl, which is extremely reasonable. I'll be back here 100%Although it is a ramen restaurant, the curry rice and beef don are both VERY VERY good. Don't miss those gems.This place is incredibly friendly and would give the service 5 stars! BUT My wife's soup was cold and the eggs in our ramen were refrigerated! The pork buns excellent!!   And they filter their water!This place was great.... They will custom a dish to your taste if you request!!!  I had dumplings, and a spicy port raman dish.... every thing was good.. I'm definitely going back...It was good but I feel like just needed more flavor.  We took it to go so not sure if they have different condiments we could have added in if we dined in. We got a chicken ramen and chicken curry.  The curry was real dry. Maybe that's the standard?A local friend took me to this restaurant over the weekend and I cannot wait to go back! Love their pork and chicken buns. And the spicy ramen was amazing! HUGE portions too. The only bad thing is lack of parking but hey what can you expect it's in the middle of Chinatown.Me and the girlfriend went here with great expectations, but still a bit hesitant from the occasional reviewer on here saying they had a bad time. Well it was amazing. Place was clean and modern, staff friendly and the food? Amazing. Pork buns superb, curry chicken was delicious and the star of the show... Mayu Ramen! Deep and rich flavors in the broth and noodles. We couldn't have asked for a better time. We're going back soon!!I LOVE this place!  I've been several times so this review is long coming.  The new crunchy pork buns, which are fried!! are very very good.  My go to is the tan tan with pork.  The broth is very good and the noodles are never overcooked.  Service is always friendly, and you're greeted with a smile and then thanked when you leave.  In short, come here for very good ramen, unpretentious atmosphere, fair prices and good service.Terakaw is bomb. Had the shoyo ramen bowl with chicken. Meat was tender and the broth very flavorful. 10/10 would go again.Really good! Noodles had a great texture and the bowls are very filling. I got the shoyu and pork buns. I've had better buns at other places but the ramen was excellent. We also got lucky and just beat the dinner rush - I felt bad seeing people wait so long for other tables to finish.3.5 stars; not a bad meal, especially when comparing it to other ramen places in the city. BYOB, which is a plus, but not good for larger groups due to lack of seating. 
Their kimchi is legit, which is a big plus for me. They informed me that they get it from hmart. As for the ramen, it's pretty good - but everytime that I have gone, it's been SUPER salty. Will probably return, due to location and relative ramen success, but am going to ask if they can ease up on the high sodium levels in the broth. 
Otherwise, the noodles were cooked well and the service has been mostly friendly.HOW HAVE I NOT WRITTEN A REVIEW BEFORE???? Terakawa is the best ramen place in Philly, even if it is the side of a shoebox. I've had different ramen bowls, rice bowls, and side dishes, all of which are amazing. (If Terakawa is full, you can go around the corner to Naoki, but only as a last resort.)Excellent ramen, reasonable prices. The lady was super nice as well, when we asked to take the leftovers to go, she strained the broth and packed the noodles separately; very pleasant surprise. Very fresh noodles.Had a wonderful first experience at Terakawa on Saturday. I had Tan Tan Ramen and my friend had Takoyaki. It was my first experience with Takoyaki. 
It moves! Definitely fascinating. My friend loved it and my Tan Tan Ramen was absolutely delicious! I had Karaage Chicken as my appetizer. It was decent but I'll probably order something else next time. The spicy mayo was good though. 
There was a line for lunch and the restaurant was packed. To me, this was a good sign. My favorite places in Chinatown usually have a line. I will definitely return soon.Ever since I ate here for the first time about a year ago, I sincerely wish I was eating it at every single meal. I've loved *everything* I've tried. I've taken 3 ramen virgins here and they've all walked away with full bellies, wide smiles, and a new favorite food. The cold bibim noodles, signature bowl, pork buns, miso ramen - all amazing. But the spicy ramen makes me feel things I didn't know food could make me feel. I haven't lived in Japan or traveled through Asia - I just know this shit is delicious.Freakin' solid place.  A place in Chinatown to bring your mother, not just your weird dirty friends.  A place in Chinatown where the tables are clean, the kitchen open, and the servers speak proper English.  A place in Chinatown that could easily be plopped elsewhere in the city and fit in just fine.
Mind you some of the above points could be taken as negatives too.  Sometimes I want to go to Chinatown to be challenged, feel wrong eating somewhere.  Just painting a picture with words here.
Now that we've established that it's nice inside, how was the food?
- Takoyaki - Mixed feelings on these little guys.  You get two skewers with three balls on each.  The balls themselves have a nice enough taste, pretty gooey, few pieces of recognizable octopus in each.  But a few of these pieces were tough.  Like chewing on that floppy part of your ear.  The lobe.  Or what I'd imagine that to be like.  And those fish flakes (of which there were a TON)?  Like the flakes I'd dump in my fish bowl growing up.  For the fish.  Not for the Brian.
- Gyoza - didn't eat one because my girlfriend ordered only these from the start and I didn't want her to starve.  But she liked them I think.
- Tan Tan Ramen - I dug this, although could've stood to add some heat which of course you can do yourself at the table.  Didn't blow me away but was very satisfying, a nice portion for ten bucks.
- Edamame - had never heard of this before, nervous to order initially but really enjoyed.  Little green things with some sort of saltiness on top, not sure exactly what it was but an enjoyable snack for the girlfriend after realizing gyoza alone weren't enough.  Could see this becoming popular.
Mochi - God I love these things.  Could tell they were fresh, much better than the boxed version you buy in Asian supermarkets or Whole Foods.
Go eat here!So I've now traveled to NYC and tried all of their top reviewed spots(totto, ippudo, momofuku)... Terakawa really stands out as my favorite. From the broth to the noodles/egg.. everything is just above what I experienced in NYC. Momofuku came close with their wonderful pork, but left me wanting something more with their broth. I will be traveling to Japan in March and am secretly hoping Terakawa stays my favorite. We shall see!Great restaurant atmosphere, great services, and great dishes. The one started is deducted because the ramen in Terakawa Ramen is not well cooked.
We experienced great services there. Even thought it s a small restaurant, it has sufficient amounts of waiters to guarantee the quality of services. Out waiter did everything very fast, giving water, taking the order, and serving dishes.
All the dishes are good, and prices are very reasonable. We think we could come regularly for a casual dinner.
Two appetizers:
Edamame:
Warm and well seasoned by Japaneses salt. Some places serve cold Edamame, and I love warm one much better.
This is dish quite simple, but it s good to be a starter.
Takoyaki: 
It s potato ball with octopus inside, with Mayonnaise sauce and shaved fish on the top. If you are familiar with Japanese snack, you definitely had this one before. 
You could know it s not freshly cooked, but the flavor is still very good. 
Ramen:
Terakwa Ramen:
I would say the noodle soup is excellent. The entire bowl was greatly flavored by the pork-bone soup. This ramen is the signature noodle in this place, and I dont doubt about it. However, the ramen itself is not quite good. I think it s supposed to cook longer? The noodle was a little bit hard inside, but maybe I will subsidize the ramen by another kind next time.
Shoyu Ramen:
I didnt try this one, but I guess it s very good by witnessing my boyfriend finished the entire bowl.I've been looking so forward to trying this place, but to be honest, I was a bit disappointed. 
We had pork belly buns and the Signature Ramen. Compared to other ramen I've tried, Terakawa just didn't stack up. Everything was perfectly fresh and tasty, but I won't be running back. There just wasn't enough flavor throughout the entire meal.
The restaurant is a tight squeeze and fast paced but they don't rush you and you get good service, even if quickly.
I may try this place again to see if I just had an "off" meal, but I was hoping for more...What a great place.  Excellent service and tasty and authentic ramen.  I search for good ramen whenever I travel.  This place is definitely top notch.  We ordered the black garlic ramen and the spicy ramen, katsudon and also a sushi appertizer.  The portion is huge and every bite is a satisfaction.
The broth of the ramen is rich and deep.  They also give you good portion of noodles and toppings.  The katsudon was outstanding.  Pork was lean and tender.  The seasoning of the rice is just right.
I wish they open one in Maryland!This was one of my favorite bowls of ramen I ever had. I ordered the Miso SPICY and it was delicious. The server was so nice and friendly and I loved seeing how packed the restaurant was. The broth was superb and the pork belly is so tender it melts in your mouth. Go here if you're a true ramen fan because this is the real deal.The best ramen I've had in Philly yet. Almost competes with my favorite spots in NYC and SF, which says a ton.
The place itself is beautiful - much nicer than most Chinatown locations. Their website alone shows how high-end the place is. The service is beyond friendly and helpful, with servers who can answer any questions which is appreciated for newbies (which I'm sure there are many).
My personal favorite is the Tan Tan Ramen ($10), which is a little spicy. The Signature Terakawa is also great ($9). BYO which is another perk. Oh and they take credit cards!Amazed by the quality and their price.
I've tried 50+ different ramen stores along the east coast, this one is definitely the best you can have at this price.
Recommend.A great place to go if you want restaurant quality ramen but you don't want to be the awkward person eating alone. They have a ramen bar that "table for 1"s can sit and not feel awkward about wanting to enjoy a great meal.
The ramen is delicious and the service is quick. The broth was perfect -- flavorful but not heavy. The noodles were cooked well and springy. They had a good amount of meat, too. 
Also, they accept credit cards, which is great for those who run out of cash while in Chinatown.Great TanTan soup!!! Great Flavors!!!! I ordered on the phone and came to pick it up.  Fast service and it was neatly packed and everything was sorted separately.I love their miso ramen. It's always really hot and fresh. Also the small portion is about 8 dollars. Also the service is pretty fast. It tastes like authentic Japanese ramen. The only complaint I have is that it is a very small space.I love this place!! I hope to get back there soon! I got the ramen damn near every day in the summer. It is soooooo good!New York was amazing was when it comes to the ramen scene.  Moving to Philly, one of my first thoughts was to find a good place with quality akin to that of Ippudo in East Village, Totto Ramen, or Chuko in Brooklyn.  Imagine my surprise when I stumbled upon this place, serving quality bowls of ramen on par with that of places in NYC. 
As is tradition with any ramen run, I started with two pork bun appetisers, which is served with a small amount of lettuce and tomato.  Quality is definitely on par with NY places, only far more affordable.  I ordered the Mayu ramen, a Tonkatsu soup base topped with black garlic oil in a manner similar to the Akamaru modern at Ippudo.  The broth had a great balance of a rich consistency and just the right level of flavor.   The slices of pork were far more generous than the places in NYC and the taste was definitely comparable. My one complaint was that the thin straight noodles were slightly undercooked and hard to chew. The price of everything was far more affordable than the places in NYC. I'll definitely be back here for my next ramen run and would highly recommend this place.I came over here three times about last week. Just too good to forget. I have to say it's the BEST ramen I ever had. Try it out u will figure out :)Husband and I just had lunch here. Gyoza - good - nothing special, but yummy. Pork buns - yummy, light and airy. He had shoyu ramen, which was delicious, the noodles, al dente, huge bowl and the pork just melted in your mouth. I had the beef udon (which oddly enough is not on the online menu) and it may have been the best noodle bowl i've ever eaten. the caramelized onions were amazing and the broth was out of this world. the noodles were perfect. we can't WAIT to go back!This place is so freaking good. The service is fast and friendly, but the food is amazing. Get the Tan Tan Ramen with pork. It's so rich and flavorful. The vibe is fast-paced, but still very intimate.  Eat here. Do it now. 
Do you care about your life? If you do, you'll go here right now. Do it.the best japanese style noodle house in Philly. have to try "九州男儿" perfectly mixed noodle with pork and vegs. chicken katsu don is also good. have come here often since 2012. keep it upFantastic! I wish I had this restaurant back in CA and next door to work or home! Delicious ramens and curry plates.Hands down best Ramen in Center City, be prepared to wait a while but it is well worth the wait. This place isn't very large but the food & service makes up for it . If you enjoy Ramen I Highly recommend checking them outIt's pricey ramen, but worth trying at least once. I was out to try something different there, and bin bin ramen and fried shumai satisfied that craving. Bin bin ramen is soupless spicy noodles (I think it's marinated in spicy mayo) and it was flavorful and tasty. Fried shumai is new, I've never heard of it, and seriously tasted great with the sauce that comes with it; I think it's the same sauce as the one in bin bin ramen, but I'm not complaining! I can eat 3 orders of these! Service was quick and our waitress was conscientious. I like how all the seats had little cubbies at the bottom for personal belongings!
There is also a Terakawa Ramen in NYC and I'm not sure if both are owned by the same people, but this one is Philadelphia takes the win.While I haven't extensively explored the ramen shops of Philly, Terakawa ranked right up there with plenty of other places I've really enjoyed.
     I went with the "whopper" bowl each time and it's tasty. Loaded with toppings (that egg is really superb.) I've also had the add-on of the kaarage curry bowl which is an awesome little "side".
     This last go around we also did a kaarage appetizer along with the rice roll. I'd say that the roll was just ok.
     Prices are pretty reasonable for a good ramen shop in a major city. It's not cheap, but you can go, get a big bowl, and you're not breaking the bank.When I first walked in this place, it was busy but really clean. It had little wooden stools for the customers to sit on. Those stools literally have butt cradles for our butts. However, I don't think a bigger person can fit on the stool comfortably just because the size. The servers were really friendly and they attended to us fairly quickly. We ordered a pork buns, takoyaki, spicy ramen, katsudon and terakawa special ramen. 
First I did not know they charge $1 for hot tea. They pork buns were pretty good but different. It came with the tomato and cucumber inside which made the buns tasted really clean and fresh. Takoyaki was average. My spicy ramen was not too impressive. It was simply just a lot of kimchi flavors and over powered the broth and everything else. The noodle was on the harder side. Pretty chewy. The pork had a lot of fat on it as well. The best part for my noodle it's gotta be the egg. It was pretty good. Katsudon was good, nice crispy porkchop with egg sauce on it. I thought they might have over cook the egg sauce cuz it was not runny anymore when we got it. 
Overall the experience was OK. Price was friendly. I will order the pork buns again. Definitely do not recommend the spicy ramen but if you are in the mood for kimchi then go for it. I would not likely to come back but I was happy that I gave it a try.I was really craving some ramen one day, so I looked up ramen shops in Philly. This was what I got. It was okay. The pork buns were definitely subpar compared to what I had in NY. First of all, I was thrown back by the tomato in there. What? And the pork was thin. It was not worth the price. I got the house terakawa ramen. It was somewhat satisfactory. I definitely have been spoiled with good ramen in the past, so this did not meet my standards. I liked that you have the option to order with lesser sodium since I think a lot of ramen is too salty for my taste. I don't know many good ramen places around here, so this did fulfill my craving a bit.This place was AMAZING! Even though I live nearby somehow this place had escaped my notice, but not anymore.
The ramen was sooo good. I got the tan tan ramen and the subtle spiciness was perfect as were the noodles. You get so much for the price too. When I was so full I could hardly move the waitress thought I hadn't touched the bowl! I'll probably get another three meals out of my leftovers easily. 
I also had the takoyaki. I agree with everyone that there wasn't a ton of octopus inside (there was enough trust me), but it was still one of the best I've had and I would totally get it again.
Staff was friendly and attentive and have all been trained to greet their little hearts out in Japanese. Ambiance was great and they played a great mix of J-pop, K-pop and top 40 (I think I also heard some Florence + the Machine in there somewhere).
All in all, this is probably my new favorite Japanese place in Philly. A must see!Every time I order something here I haven't been disappointed. Their Ramen is good, but I would also highly suggest the Donburi. The curry was also good... flavorful but simple. They could benefit from a larger location for sure, but overall a solid establishment.Great food! I got the takoyaki and karaage to start and loved both of them. I had the beef udon and enjoyed it to the last drop. I will definitely be back to try the ramen and other apps next time.This place is great the ramen is as good as some of the famous places in NYC. I would only say it has a bit of a wait do to the size of the place, but service was excellent.I don't really go out to eat ramen ever since I went to Japan, but I do love eating at Terakawa. I've only been here a handful of times since my friend stopped working here, but I'd definitely still recommend it. I had the Terakawa Ramen  ($9) with extra pork ($2). I wasn't too hungry but I still demolished the bowl.I go here all the time, I always get the spicy ramen; I think it was like $11. The broth was tasty, not too spicy, I really liked the egg they use. This is a nice and cozy place to eat on a cold night, it's always crowded too whenever I'm there, but it's never more than a 10 minute wait. I prefer this place over nomnom ramen in rittenhouse square, the ramen is more flavorful and you can't beat the price either.Hearty, delicious, dare I say authentic ramen. There's even a little sesame seed grinder to add to your ramen! I'd never seen that before. The tako yaki and karaage are also good. They're generous with the kaedama.ordered the Mayu ramen extra spicy and it was delicious....minus one star because i felt the other ramen we ordered, the Spicy ramen, had too strong seafood broth taste.
Would be back for the Mayu RamenVery good ramen on a visit to Philly! Suggest takeout as place is always busy. We got the terakawa ramen and seaweed salad for dinner and enjoyed and well balanced ramen experience. Enjoyed the marinated egg with pork broth quite a lot! Only complaint was that noodle itself was underdone but may have been because for take out the broth and noodle were packed separate. All in all a good experience and worth checking out!This place is busy even on a snowy day. Took awhile to get a large table but the ramen is good. I got the Mayu ramen which was flavorful and filled me up. Highly recommend this place but best to have no more than 4 people in a group.Been here frequently. This is the best. The are other ramen places in Philly which are wonderful, but this is the best pure ramen house. Don't pass this up. Eat here!!!!When it comes to ramen in Philly, there are only a select few. I have been wanting to try Terakawa for quite some time and finally decided to go. I had the Terakawa Signature Ramen and very much enjoyed my meal. Good service in my opinion, just keep in mind that the servers move a mile a minute. Overall the ramen was good but whether or not I would go back is still up in the air. Hiro Ramen (11th & Chestnut) is just a good and there is less of a wait. 
Pro-tip: 
-Coming in at peak time, expect to wait 20-30 min. The plus is people filter in and out relatively quickly.Terakawa has completely changed how I feel about ramen! This gem on the northeast corner of Chinatown has an extensive ramen menu plus apps, curry, and other traditional Japanese fare. We were served promptly after being seated at the bar area. I got the terakawa signature ramen with pork, bamboo shoots, kikurage mushrooms, red ginger, chopped scallions, and egg- never thought ramen could be this savory and full of texture! The takoyaki was crunchy and flavorful as well. Well deserved 5 stars for Terakawa.I had the classic terakawa ramen and it was excellent! Rich, flavorful broth with all the essential ramen ingredients included + perfect texture of noodles and meat, egg, etc. There was also a nice array of complimentary seasonings that came with the table (sesame seed oil, chili pepper spices, fried garlic, etc). I also had the takoyaki balls, which were savory with the delicious sauce and flake toppings. The ramen bowl was also extremely reasonably priced at $9.TLDR; Prepared for a 30-45 min wait; appetizers are just okay, but the ramen is worth the wait. 
Wait: If you are going to go on a weeknight, you have to be prepared to wait ~30 minutes. There is no way around this. We tried to leave and come back and still ended up waiting about 30 minutes since our name was called while we were gone. 
Appetizers:
- Takoyaki: Traditional Japanese street food snack - thinking of Japanese croquets with small pieces of octopus. One serving comes in two skewers of 3 each. If you've never had it, it's worth a try, but there are definitely better ones other there. These were a little small in size and pretty flat vs being fluffy. 
- Pork buns: Our mistake was getting the buns fried. Also okay - the pork was cooked well, but could have had more of a flavor profile with the sauces and pickled veggies. If you are going to get it, go for the steamed buns. 
Ramen: Within our group, we tried the miso ramen (regular and spicy) as well as the spicy ramen. 
- Miso ramen - If you want to try a "traditional" Japanese ramen, I would go for this or the Shoyu ramen. Although I like spicy foods and go this spicy, I would suggest getting the original (non-spicy) version so that you can truly enjoy all the complexities of the flavor.
- Spicy ramen - This ramen is SPICY. If you like spicy food then this is definitely for you. The only caveat I would say is that this is not a traditional Japanese ramen (Kimchi based).I had a terakawa (signature) ramen. The noodle could be more springy. But the chashu, bamboo, and the soup were great -very similar to ramen I had in Japan.Went in for lunch and loved it. Nice environment, reasonable price, and great service.
Get the pork bun appetizer. I could have just ordered a few of those for my meal and been satisfied.
I got the spicy ramen and it was great. The broth is a chicken and seafood mix that smelled good and tasted better. The meat in it was excellent too, though I could have gone for more of it. The noodles were good but nothing spectacular.
Definitely coming here again.I came here with a group of 5 on a Monday night. It's a pretty small space, most of the tables holding 2-4 guests, so we had to wait ~30 min. The wait was worth it! I'm personally not a huge fan of pork broth so I got the Tan Tan Ramen and it was AMAZING. My friends also really enjoyed their meal. There weren't any reviews that indicated their alcohol status so just FYI they're BYO. I think this place is best suited for a group of 2 and 4 max.I haven't had a lot of other ramen in Philly, but if you're looking for good ramen in Philly this place is it.Just tried Terakawa last night. This place is great! Everything was absolutely delicious - we had the Tan Tan Ramen and the Terakawa Ramen, as well as the gyoza and pork buns. I would definitely rate this the best ramen place in Philly.Wasn't really my favorite Ramon spot. The place looks nice and gives you an authentic vibe that your in Japan. But over all the service was slow and the udon broth in the noodles where too salty. I wouldn't come back here any time soon but I hope they add more to their menu because it was very short.Can ramen get any better than this ?   Yummy yummy yummy.   Only this is it is so good you must always wait for a seat .... don't go with a big party .... almost impossible to get seated that way .... the best in PhiladelphiaThe ramen tasted amazing, but found a piece of hair in the broth. Definitely need to be more careful when preparing the food.Exceeded expectations. The Takayoki was different and so good. Service was awesome. Definitely will be back!The ramen was so good here. The restaurant is a tight fit so you will most likely have to wait but it is worth it. Delicious broth and a variety of noodles. Service was very attentive and fast.The food here was ok, nothing especial. Came here with the girlfriend in the evening and there was no wait. There was not a lot of options to choose from. Would probably come back if my friends really want to come. But I would rather venture a few blocks farther to china town for ramen.Solid ramen spot, with some very excellent bites hidden on the massive menu. 
Expect a wait as this noodle shop is traditionally tight on space. The ramen dishes come with an option to add the karaage chicken curry for $2...which you'd be a fool not to do. The lightly-fried chicken comes plopped on a bowl of gooey curry and rice. All three components are winners. 
The Bimbim noodle ($10) is a steal in terms of portion (it's HUGE), although the dish is a little busy. The sesame chicken is tender, the noodles sticky, but the salad and mushrooms are distracting. 
Chicken Cutlet Curry  ($10) also a huge portion, but really, really good. The curry is thick and spiced deliciously and the chicken is, again, also very well executed.
Spicy Ramen ($11) was a slight miss, as it came out with a bit too much fish sauce in the broth, which is not as much spicy-hot as it is zesty-spiced (you guys follow??). The noodles at this place are really great; not too hard, not too gummy. But the real star of this dish is the softest, just-the-right-amount-of-fat pork belly. And they are generous with it's application. 
Would definitely return as the place is BYOB and very affordable. Service was great. Came with a group of 8 and didn't miss a beat.All the food was spectacular, it reminded me of when I was in Japan. It was very authentic.My wife and I love ramen and our native DC has GREAT ramen (Toki Underground, Sakuramen, and others). Compared to DC and NYC ramen, this place was just average. It was very crowded and the staff seemed overwhelmed by that. They were super nice but forgot to take our order for a long time and spilled soup on me. There weren't many ramen options and if you get grossed out by unusual food, there's really only one ramen to choose from.I purposely signed up on Yelp so I could leave my review on this place. Food was good not great. But my main problem was with the service. The lady that took our order had the nerve to prevent us from ordering kyushu ramen...like what?! When we said that we were getting the kyushu ramen, she made sure to tell us that it was a "large order." We were still set on getting that one because we were hungry, but then she repeated that it was a "large order", so we assured her that we were pretty sure that we could finish it, with a big smile on top of that. But then she just started writting down our order and murmured "we'll see.." And mind you, she said those words with the "I've warned you" face. Everybody on the table just looked at each other with disbelief. I mean the customer wanted to get the most expensive ramen there but you thought it was not a good idea? Yeah...awesome selling skills. 
She then proceeded to take our beverages order. And when one of us asked for Calpico, she asked us which flavor we would like to get. 
So one of us asked, "Do you have orange?"
Then she just suddenly took a deep breath and started listing all of the available flavors as if we had interrupted her. 
Lady, we never interrupted you. You asked us a question.
We were so excited coming down here only to be greeted with a waitress that had an attitude. Not sure how she got hired in the first place, because other waitresses were far nicer than her.It was my first visit (Saturday evening) and the place was packed, 45 mins wait. Good experience. Food tasted great. I had Tan Tan with ground chicken which was not too spicy. Thinking to try Spicy Ramen dish on my next visit. Servers were very nice and friendly.I've been to Terakawa Ramen on numerous occasions and always end up ordering the same thing because it's just too good: spicy ramen on their special menu. Generous portions, friendly and attentive service, and nice atmosphere. Also, BYOB.Solid ramen. 
The take-out option to add on to leftover broth is GENIUS. 
I'll be here for a while. Just please don't change too much!!This is a definite go 2 place for warming up in the fall and upcoming winter!  Everyone should check this place out, the mood is great music low enough to carry your conversation. The food most of all is very satisfying!  My favorite id have to say to try is the shoyo noodles w/chicken in chicken and vegetable broth sided with lightly breaded chicken w/brown sauce over white rice.I was shocked by the quality of the ramen. I ordered a miso and my boyfriend ordered the house special and we were blown away with the quality of the ramen and was very satisfied! The char siew was a little overcooked for me so that could have been better. The shrimp shu mai was also good and fresh! Waited for about 15 mins on a Saturday night around 8pm so its definitely a popular place. Would definitely come back again!Best ramen in Philly. Get there early or at an odd hour or else you'll be met with a line out the door. The place is tiny, authentic, and extremely popular. The miso broth is incredibly tasty. I think it's by far the best but that is likely more so a mater of preference.Got the Signature Ramen dish with extra pork. The meat falls apart when you eat it. 
The half egg was incredible! I was skeptical at first and initially offered my egg to another person in my party, but then mustered the courage and tried it. Boy, it was delicious. I could not have been more happy with the meal. 
I was worried it would not be enough food, but I was pleasantly surprised how full I was at the conclusion of the meal. 
For an appetizer we got Crispy Chicken bao buns, which had amazing taste. The cucumber also added a nice change of texture as well. The one criticism I have with the bao bun is to put the sauce not where the sandwich is folded but to better spread it under the chicken, so there is sauce in every bite. 
I was delightfully impressed with the service. The servers and hostess spoke fluent English that made it very easy to understand what they were asking me or for me to ask a question about the menu. They were also really attentative; my green tea mug got filled two times without my asking when it was nearing emptiness. Great service!
I would eagerly go back to this place in the future!Terakawa is, hands down, the BEST ramen in the city. Everything is delicious, but if you go there, you absolutely must try the tan tan ramen. I don't know what's in the broth, but it's out of this world. Close seconds are katsu don, the karaage chicken and the pork buns. It's also insanely cheap, and the staff always make you feel welcome. A fantastic addition to the neighbourhood that I'm not sure I could do without!Best ramen in the city. Almost always a line, but it moves fast and is worth the wait!Excellent food! Place is a tad bit small, so unless you're in a party of 2 you might have to wait slightly.My three friends and I swung by on a Sunday for lunch after a short walk from Penn.
First off, the decorations are awesome! I know you can't eat decorations, nor do I know what authentic Japanese decorations are like, but the restaurant was very appealing and the wooden seats were a nice touch - bathroom was also pretty dope.
OKAY onto the food:
I got the Terakawa bowl, and it was so yummy! The broth was perfectly made, just the right amount of salty and spices. The pork was tender, and the strip of meat and fat was nicely balanced. I guzzled up the broth, and before I knew it, my bowl was empty :(
I will be back!!!!!I'm sorry to have to take a star away, but i just have not had the amazing ramen experience i'm used to for this place anymore.  It was neck and neck, choosing Hiro or Terakawa, now i feel like Terakawa is sliding away from first place.  
In recent times the fried chicken app isn't as crispily delicious and sub par as compared to Hiro sorry to say.
I still love their buns, and especially the crispy version.
Unfortunately even the star of the show, the Ramen, was also subpar.  Especially the last time, the utensils smelled of cleaning solution, the bowl as well, and then the pork in the ramen was a bit dried out and untasty.  Still a good bowl of broth though.  
Just not my faves go-to anymore.Good ramen. Hostess was rude and looked like she was the waitress too so she was running around. Got seated after 30 mins at the bar even though we came before other people and asked for the table and didn't give it to us but gave it to people after us. Rude how she didn't care. Plates were thrown in front of us instead of put down gently since they were in a rush. Waiters were screaming across the room to each other and were rushing me to get out when I just put my spoon down to finish. Although the ramen was good, it wasn't the best I've ever had. The atmosphere is fast paced and too crazy everywhere around the restaurant; therefore, not my cup of tea. 
As a result, I will not be coming back.My go-to ramen/noodle place in Philly! Terakawa ramen has an excellent broth, and their char siu (roast pork) is absolutely delicious; it's so soft and pretty much just melts in your mouth. My favorites are the signature ramen and the udon with roast pork. Very affordable for a huge bowl of wonderful noodles.My favorite ramen house! Highly recommend their signature ramen soup. Very flavorful.This was our first meal in Chinatown and it was great. I read the reviews before coming and they were spot on. We started with the talk taki, then I had pork shoyu and my boyfriend had the spicy ramen. All were delicious. The atmosphere is small yet cozy and the service is good as well.We come here for dinner all the time. Just discovered it this summer, but looking forward to eating some hot delicious ramen when it's freezing outside! Summer was all about the appetizers though. The pork steamed buns are #1. Top all time favorite food ever actually. Always consistently amazing. The tempura shrimp has a nice little kick to it and also out of this world. Dumplings...Japanese sausage...it's all great. Staff is great and friendly.  Go there NOW.This restaurant is extremely small and cramped. My party of 2 walked in on a week night and waited ~10 minutes for a tiny two-top by the window. A party of 2 that came in AFTER us was offered immediate seating at the bar. When we asked why they were seated before us, the hostess responded that my pregnant friend could not sit there because she might get "bumped." This seating option should have been presented to us and we should have made the call on whether or not we could sit there, not the hostess. 
Upon being seated and handed a menu, I was disappointed to discover it was a chain. There are too many restaurants to try in Philadelphia to waste your time at a chain restaurant where you sit on top of your neighbors, the service is poor, and the food is just okay. 
My friend and I shared the Shoyu ramen sans fish cake. The restaurant refused to split the dish for us and then did not bring sharing bowls out when the food was served. We had to flag someone down and wait for the bowls before we could start eating. For such a small restaurant, we could never locate our server when we needed her. 
The ramen came out quickly and was cheap ($10 for the large). The broth was flavorful and the pork was thick and easy to pull apart for sharing. They have a good selection of add-ons on each table including sesame seeds, dried onion, and a variety of seasonings. I docked a star for service and another for food because I have definitely had better ramen in the city.No vegetarian options at all. I'm a pescatarian, so I had the only seafood item on the menu. Super busy, which seriously brought down customer service. Not a lot of smiling. There were tons of restaurants in the area to try instead.Best taykoyaki and ramen in town!!! 
The store is nice and cozy, but really brings you into the streets of Japan! Not only nicely decorated, it also has the nicest staff ever!! 
I really enjoyed the taykoyaki, pork buns and ramen noodles!!! Best part is the price is really reasonable! 
Definitely coming back for more!the most consistent and best tasting ramen in philly. 
formerly ramen boy, this place has matured significantly and the food offerings are much better after they re-branded as terakawa (a welcome import from NY) and switched chefs. 
the broth for the ramen is really consistent (many other places in philly are good some days, and sub-par on other days) and offers a very balanced taste - not too overly seasoned but very flavorful. definitely get the terakawa noodles in everything, including the tan tan noodles which normally come with another type of noodle (the terakawa noodles are the best). 
a very nicely done decor but not a lot of fluff (which is good - nom nom is overly "fast food" like with a mcdonalds feel, and hiro is a direct ripoff of this place that doesn't quite measure up). 
i would recommend the octopus balls, the pork buns, and the gyoza - all very well done and reasonably priced. i especially like the fact that you can get many appetizer pairings with ramen as a lunch special - very convenient.Terakawa is now my go to spot for delivery ramen. Granted, I had an awesome postmate who had the food in my hand in about 30 minutes. 
As expected, the still piping hot broth was in a separate container from the rest of the fixins. The noodles, vegetables, pork etc were carefully laid out in a large bowel that you don't need your own bowl. Combining the two releases some serious aromatics into my apartment. The spicy ramen broth was umami-ful, slightly oily, with a rustic flavor and some seafood notes. Extremely good. The pork was fantastic, slightly fatty and super tender. The noodles were cooked just right - chewy and slightly firm. All together this was a seriously satisfying bowl of ramen.
The pork buns were above average, if you like pork buns, these will do the job.
Strong choice for delivery!We got the pork buns and for my entree I got the tan tan ramen.
The pork buns were average but I still enjoyed it. I think you should try it at least once.
I loved the tan tan ramen, the spicy broth was so good!!! There's not much meat though so I couldn't give it 5 stars. This is perfect for a cold day outside!
Decor is nice and it's clean inside. I would come back if I had a ramen craving and I was in the chinatown, philadephia area. They have this minced garlic that you can put in your ramen, I really like garlic so I loved this.I'm not too experience with Philly's ramen, but this was pretty good. The ambiance was great -- you could actually sit at the "bar" -- and the service was friendly. Most importantly, this is BYOB. They don't serve any diet clear drinks though, so if you plan to mix make sure you bring rum.I ordered the shoyu ramen with chicken and was not remotely impressed. The ramen was bland and outside of the noodles and the chicken there wasn't much too it. Though I guess in their defense I have fairly high standards moving from Seattle. My girlfriend ordered the tan tan ramen which was a tad redeeming, a lot more flavor but still lacking overall. Needless to say, I'm still looking for my go to ramen spot.Food is delicious. Care is put into preparation to presentation. Another plus factor is it's affordability. The serving is just right for my appetite too. I love the Takoyaki, Steamed Buns and Onigiri. I still need to try their Ramen, since it's a Japanese Ramen place. I tried it once but can't say that i like it because of the broth, dunno if it has too much sodium/msg or because it was steaming hot, i was thirsty after eating. But i commend the texture of the Udon noodles it tastes fresh and soft.i drop in here about once every week to two weeks. the atmosphere is clean and the service is excellent. i love the signature ramen, and i joke that i could eat it every day (.... kind of serious).Good all around except for few servers. It feels like they cannot wait for you. Do not plan on going here with more than 4 people in your group, you will have to wait a long time for a table. Their chicken katsu curry is top notch tho.Quick, good food. Great customer service, servers. Clean place.I can't say enough good things about Terakawa. The place is always packed but the wait is never bad as the service is very quick and efficient. Check out the menu before you go because they will ask you what you want to eat almost immediately. 
It's a bit of a struggle as someone who eats meat but doesn't eat pork but I get the Tan Tan Ramen with chicken (with two eggs) and I crave it constantly. The broth is so flavorful, slightly spicy, the toppings are fresh, and the EGGS. The eggs are soft boiled and marinated and if your ramen doesn't come with one, you need to get one (or two.) 
I love the customizations available and I love the price point. For an extra $1.75 I can get extra noodles and make use of my leftover broth and basically have a whole other meal!The wait on a Saturday night was 45 mins long but we ended up going to Tea-Do and snacking on an onigiri and boba! 
Once we got seated, we gave them our orders and the food came out in less than 5 mins. As always, their curry is delicious! Seems like they didn't serve as much chicken Katsu as our previous experiences here but still worth the wait.We had ramen in many different cities and countries. Apparently this is one of the best in philly? We didn't think so. Soup bland and even the pork buns were eh.I love love love Terakawa. It's my go to ramen spot. The juice is flavorful, the noodles are amazing, and the service is impeccable. 10/10 would recommend.By far, the best ramen house in Chinatown! I've tried their Miso, Shoyu, Terakawa Signature, and Tan Tan ramen as well as their pork buns! It's all so delicious, but my favorite is the Tan Tan Ramen with it's perfect amount of spice and Pork Buns with great portions and fantastic flavor!
The lines are always out the door, but it's well worth the wait! Just don't come starving on a weekend! In other words, be prepared to wait for the best ramen you'll ever try! They never disappoint.A great little ramen spot in the middle of Chinatown. Somehow it's always super busy but the wait for a seat is never long, if you even wait at all. Which is impressive considering how small it is. Service is always fast and friendly as well. In fact, the service is so good my boyfriend had a moment of awe-struck confusion over his tea since they had steathily refilled it before he even had the chance to think 'hmm, I might want some more tea in a bit'.This is by far the best ramen place! They are clean! They are price at the right point. And they are always busy! Like always! I'm here right now it's a Tuesday night and it's packed beyond belief! Their food, no doubt, very tasty! I love their curry rice and pork ramen! Also love all the apps they have! 
Anyone who is ramen lover, you need to come and try this place!Whenever I travel, I love trying ramen places since DC doesn't offer all that much. I came here and immediately fell in love! The place is your typical tight ramen place with limited space, but the staff here are on point. 
I ordered the steamed pork buns and OMG.. It just melts in your mouth with greatness. I really wanted to get more, but I knew if I did, I wouldn't have enjoyed my ramen as much. I got the Terakawa ramen (signature bowl), and it was a tad bit bland, but if you add the seasonings they have offered, it's perfect! Still really good though, and the portions are generous for the price you pay. 
I have already asked my boyfriend to drive me to philly just to eat at this place again. Yes, it is worth the 2.5 hour drive!! Can't wait to come back!!Quite tasty, we tried black garlic ramen, the bowl is really big & I shared with my sister. The soup is ok, not too salty, we also tried dumplings, not bad, will come back.Love that we finally have a authentic Ramen place to go to! The spicy Ramen is amazing... You can choose the firmness of the noodles or softness.  Love that! You can also request less salt in the broths. Def would recommend this place.  I don't know how they make the egg in the noodle bowl but it's cooked perfect!Amazing ramen.  Good menu choices.  Much like other ramen houses I have been too.  I recommend trying it out!So great, and the cost is perfectly reasonable. I've had some of all of the varieties of ramen they offer and the best is the Spicy Tan-Tan, followed by the Terakawa. 
With the tan-tan you should make sure to ask for some of the chili oil they keep behind the counter--it's got a great, slow-burning quality to it. The pork buns are surprisingly large for an appetizer, and they're pretty tasty! The octopus puffs are amazing but the octopus inside is a bit rubbery. 
I go back once every two weeks or so and our friends ate there for two nights in a row. If there's any higher praise I can give, I don't know what it is.3.5 stars. I admit I don't know what Japanese ramen is supposed to taste like cuz I never had a real one in Japan. I'm also not an expert and crazy about ramen. So when I tasted Terakawa as a ramen noob, I compared it to the 3other Japanese ramen experiences I had in the past. 
You can't expect to have the amazing ones where 50ppl are in line before the store even opens like NYC places, but I do think it's one of the better ones in Philly. 
Price is not bad, portion is big, not too salty. I ordered the Terakawa Ramen...If you don't want to do extra research thru the menu right now on what this is, I copied and pasted their menu hehe. It says this ramen has...Natural Heritage Berkshire Pork bone soup topped with roast pork (charshu), bamboo shoots, kikurage mushrooms, red ginger, chopped scallions and a seasoned boiled egg. 
The part I liked the most of this bowl was the juicy pork. It was reallyyyy good and tender actually. I would go back just to eat these few pieces of meat with the broth. yum~
The Takoyaki was also ordered as an app. Here's
Japanese mountain-potato encrusted octopus, lightly fried, drizzled with Japanese barbeque sauce and Japanese mayo, topped with shaved fish.For a small shop, this restaurant has far exceeded my initial expectations. Food is served very fast and has always been organized and delicious. The meats are tender, noodles never under or over cooked, and the appetizers are delicious. The atmosphere is comfortable and feels authentic. The music playing targets a younger, alternative audience. Service has always been great. I would highly recommend this restaurant.Tried the Shoyu ramen from this place! It was good. The flavors were bold and the meat was so tender! The bowl came with bamboo shoots, a fish cake, noodles (obviously), and a soy-sauce infused egg. If you ask for regular spice, expect it really spicy. I've heard this is the best ramen in Philadelphia, and I believe that! But compared to other ramen I've had like in California or Texas, this one falls a tad short.The ramen here is amazing!  Their broth is just the best (though beware, vegetarians!).  I love coming here. Staff is friendly and food is awesome.For the past couple of years this was my go to spot for ramen in the city. But unfortunately I for one can't stand bad service and that's why I gave them 3 stars. I would say 2.5 is really where I would put them but we can't give half stars and 2 seemed a bit harsh. But as far as their menu, the signature ramen is pretty good. Broth isn't too watered down and is pretty flavorful. A good portion of pork belly and other amenities that are included. More than other ramen joints in the city. But unfortunately their service needs a new direction. One of the waitresses always seem to have an attitude but tries to smile it off. Sad because I believe she is the head waitress there. She'll notice that you need something and will totally pretend like she didn't see us. This happened many times. Which is why we stopped going there.I loved this place! This is definitely a popular spot, it's so popular that me and my boyfriend at the time had to wait for an hour, just for a table. When we got in, it was your traditional Japanese ramen restaurant and fully packed. The food was so delicious along with the music they were playing. I feel this is definitely a place worth the wait for and if you're trying to beat the crowd, I would try maybe to through the week, I went on a Friday night.Not a fan of the ramen here, the broth is too salty for my taste. The only thing me and my hubby like was one of the shrimp appetizer, forgot what is call. The bill was around $40 for 2 of us, mainly because we had order more than 2 orders of that appetizer.Hip and trendy.
I like the vibe.
Waitresses could have smiled more.
They all looked like they wanted to be some where else in life.
You get the hole in the wall feel, and a quality Japanese noodle house.
Broths are clean and not overly salted.
Karaage, and buns were also tasty.Terakawa is a great ramen place, especially for newbies to the Japanese ramen experience. It's really aesthetically pleasing and very clean. They have tiny little stools to match their tiny interior but the noise level is never unbearable and every appetizer I've had has been great.
I do have one tiny quibble and that's how very creamy the miso broth is. It's the thickest broth I've ever had in a ramen. I prefer a thinner broth which is why Hiro's has my number one vote but I would absolutely recommend Terakawa to anyone in the area.Everything is relative right?
It's unfair that I try Terakawa after I've tried a lot of amazing ramen places in LA and NYC. 
I ordered the house ramen. It had a really strange scent! And it wasn't just me. The other two people I ate with (I like to eat with strangers) said the same thing. I found the broth too salty for my taste. 
Service is impeccable, though. And the stools really fit my butt nicely. 
I wish they served alcohol (sake and beer specifically) but it is BYOB, which is nice, but it sucks because I don't want to always bring my own beer!this was my first ramen experience and it was delicious! we tried the tempura shumai which were awesome! and i had the house ramen which was perfect on a cold and rainy winter philly night. definitely going to go back to try some of their other optionsThe spicy ramen specialty is really good. Better than the terakawa signature imo. Tastes great when the soup is ordered with less salt. Plenty of food for a decent price.Really kind of a dive, but amazing Ramen! Its a small place that fills up quick with a line out the door, but totally worth the wait.probably the best ramen place in Philly unless someone recommends me a better place hands down.
every time I come here the food is always amazing. I always get the Mayu Ramen. The favors of that dish is just beyond delicious. 
I recommend the karage mini bowl if you are curious what their chicken and curry taste like. I love their curry but I wish there was more curry on their curry katsu because that sauce is bomb.
pricing is good unlike other places I seen.
I wouldn't recommend the spicy ramen since it just taste like kimchi broth and needs work.It seems funny to me that a place that claims not to accept reservations has forced me to wait once again for people who were no where to be found. Food is usually good but the wait staff doing the seating have lost their mind. Off to Sang Kee I go.My friend and I went here a couple weeks ago and the food was amazing. I want to go back and try their different udons and ramens. If you go make sure to try their pork buns it is so so so good!
The only thing I didn't like about this place is that the workers kept staring at me and my friend. Although attentive service is more than welcome I felt really scrutinized while eating so despite the yummy food I was slightly uncomfortable. My friend also agreed with meWhile looking for somewhere to eat in China town we came across Terakawa by accident. We were actually looking for a place to dine on Pho, but decided to try a ramen place instead.  Boy, I'm glad we did. 
Let me first say I'm not ramen (or Japanese ) food expert. We dine primarily on Vietnamese and Korean cuisine. So while I cannot speak for the authenticity, I can still say that this place is damn good. 
We started off with two pork sliders. Pork belly, vegetables and sauce on a thin fried bun. MMMM, so good, although a bit pricey at $2.50 each. We then dined on two different ramen dishes. My wife chose one with a clear broth, while I had a pork bone one with a milky broth. While mine good, I much preferred the flavor of my wife's. 
Staff was extremely friendly, prices fair the and joint very clean. We will be back for sure.Definitely the best ramen in Philly. We tried a lot of different selections and loved all of it. You can't go wrong with the menu. The price is reasonable too. The only con is that it is really really popular. If you go around usual dinner time such as 6-7 pm, expect to wait 30-40 minutes. We usually try to go around 3 or 4 pm on a Saturday afternoon. Even with that we had to wait like 10 min sometimes. But the ramen is totally worth the wait!! A must try if you love Japanese ramen.The Gyoza app and Shoyo Ramen were the perfect selections for lunch. The service here is fast, and the quality and quantity of the meals are just the right amount for a lunch portion without being overly stuffed.  I love the broth on the noodle bowls. It's spicy and hearty.With ramen, broth is everything. This place, I'm sorry to say, lacked anything memorable in that category. My main gripe is that it was under-seasoned. The pork flavor was certainly there, but it needed a little help and a little salt would've gone a long way. That said,  the accompanying meat and veg were great as far as quality. Noodles themselves were good as well. Probably not going back here.Favorite ramen place in Philly. Pretty expansive menu too, as far as authentic ramen shops go. There's usually a wait during the lunch hour, but it's worth it and there's plenty of places to wander around nearby.
Servers are fast-paced and no-nonsense, but also efficient and polite. Food comes out quickly after ordering. There's a wide range of dishes, all of which is priced fairly in my opinion.The best ramen place I've had here in Philly. There is some wait because lots of people love this place. I waited for ~20 minutes and got a seat at the bar. The ramen broth was tasty, the soup was great, and the noodles were firm. I loved the taste and would definitely come here again. It filled me up and even the rice bowl Gyudon was delicious. The prices were very fair for what you get. Come here and try it out!
TL;DR: Best ramen place in Philly, delicious broth, some wait time, fair price, will get you satisfied/fullI went to Terakawa Ramen on Wednesday for dinner. I got their before my group did so the host made me wait till my group was there since the place was really packed with a huge wait. 
I am vegetarian and this was the first time ever that I tried ramen. I got the Miso Ramen with Vegetarian Broth, extra spicy. I really liked the food. The ramen was just perfect. I wish they offered more vegetarian options too! 
I would definitely recommend this place. I suggest that you arrive here with your whole group so that you don't have to wait extra. The place was really quick with getting everyone in & out. Also, it's byob!at last.. philadelphia is getting more and more Ramen locations.  Competition is getting high, with that said, this place is pretty good!
plenty of trendy items on their menus like the roast pork buns, but it is the same elsewhere.  Takoyaki is good as well.  Bringing Japanese style food into the city!  no longer do i need to travel far for these type of food!
The place is pretty nice, wish there were more parking though because i will be back for more ramen and to try out other things!Delicious!!! Friendly staff and warm, soul-satisfying ramen. As good as what I've had in New York.I thought the food and service were great! I've been to many ramen places and this place does it right! Nice portions, good flavor and friendly service. I'll be back!The best place to get some good ramen when Chu's Noodle bar is closed. We ran into this situation on Memorial Day when we were craving some good ramen. We gave this place a try and weren't disappointed. We both got the miso ramen, one vegetarian and one with chicken. The flavor was pretty delicious! However, we did wish the vegetable variety was a little better though. It consisted of way too much cabbage. The portions were pretty big though. Definitely order a side of mood less because you'll have more than enough broth left over!We came her for lunch looking for ramen and beef bowl.  We showed up @ 11:15a, a few minutes before they opened. They were able to seat our 11 person group immediately. Sweet! 
I had the Ramen. I forget exactly which one. It was  good, not great. Mind you, I've been to many of Ramen joints in the Bay Area and SoCal. It was average at best. The broth just didn't grab me like some of my favorite spots in the Bay Area. The pork was also pretty average. Again, good, not great.   The noodles were good, not too rubbery. 
We also had chicken kaarage and beef bowls. Not bad. We actually ordered 2 beef bowls to go, for our plane ride back to SFO.  The meat was flavorful with a good amount of red ginger on top.  I love ginger!  It's better that Yoshinoya's beef bowl, but the portion is smaller, and price higher.  
We probably won't be back. Not that the place sucked.  It's just a little too far from Silicon Valley for an bowl of Ramen.  For those in the area, drop by and give this place a try.Every dish we got was pure umami. Highly recommended. Really friendly service to boot.
Skip overhyped/overpriced Cheu noodle bar, and come here instead.I tried this place during my lunch break on a busy work day. Since I am a sea food person and avoid other types of meat, unfortunately they had only ONE dish on the menu that I could have. ONLY one dish, that was free of chicken, beef or pork. Even if there was sea food among their other dishes, almost all dishes had either beef or pork seasoning or some kind of other meat added to it. 
I had their shrimp tempura udon, it was great and tasted good. Not exceptional, but good. This difference may be because of my limitations to meat, since my friends were totally satisfied and really enjoyed their pork and beef dishes. Serving size was also great and was quite filling. I wish I could try more of them, unfortunately they do not have variety in sea food, which is surprising because it is an integral part of Asian cuisine.
Even though the place is packed during lunch hours, the service was good and the staff was friendly.I came here with a couple friends last night who are well versed in Japanese cuisine. We started off with gyoza, karaage chicken, and takoyaki.  
Gyoza was pan fried and tasted good. I appreciated the lack of watery discharge most places have (due to defrosting) so either they make them fresh or they are good at removing all that water!
Karaage chicken was really moist and flavorful. Crispy thin crust and a great flavor. I think it's dark meat only tho.
Takoyaki tasted ok, the potato filling was good, but there was only a really small octopus inside, so that was a little disappointing.
I had the large miso ramen and it was quite good. The broth was really good, it was 'thick' and packed with flavor. I really enjoyed it.  The egg was cooked perfectly, like a slightly more cooked soft boiled egg. Noodles were cooked well, al dente style and the added veggies were a nice reprieve from just noodles being shoveled into my mouth. :)  The best part (obviously) is the broth, but a close second was the roasted pork pieces. you only get two, which is sad, but they are SO GOOD! they barely stay together so you really only need slight pressure from your lips and it just breaks down! salty goodness.
While I'm not often in Philly, I would definitely come back!Came here to try out some of phillys ramen places, been to a couple outside of the city and I was really craving some ramen. End up coming to terakawa. The service was decent, pricing is slightly cheaper than other ramen places I've been to. I ended up order Takoyaki, Japanese sausage and spicy ramen. The appetizers were probably the best part of the meal. The ramen was slightly bland and almost flavorless. I was very disappointed in the food there. I would not recommend this my friends.There can be a long wait, especially at peak hours, as this is a relatively small place. However, it is worth the wait. This is the best ramen restaurant in Philly!
Although the restaurant is often busy, the service is great. Everyone is nice. Food comes out very fast.
The appetizers are delicious (especially the pork buns) and appropriately priced. 
Ramen is phenomenal. The pork is amazing is very tender and juicy. Broth is great. Food comes out very fast.I've had Ramen and Udon noodles in Japan and I've tried their Sobu Pork Ramen and Beef Udon here. I thought the Beef Udon was tremendous and have yet to be hit with a MSG aftereffect... fantastic beef broth. Will be coming back again!Pretty good. Can't remember the taste of ippudo, but this is the closest I've had to authentic ramen I think. Takoyaki isn't bad, but the filling is a bit small. Chicken bun is worth it though. Prices for ramen range around $9-11Best ramen joint I have ever been to.  It was delicious from start to finish.  If I lived closer I'd be there weekly.  Highly recommend!Delicious food and friendly staff. This place is always packed, but is easily worth a 20 minute wait. I highly recommend the signature Terakawa ramen dish, the miso ramen, and the takoyaki is amazing.Top notch tonkatsu broth and ramen.
Kids loved the miso ramen and steamed gyozas.
I thought the beef donburi was great.  Reminded me of beef sukiyaki with its sweetness.
DO THE 2 Dollar side dishes.  Eg the curry and rice, they are well worth it. 
Oh the pork belly in the ramen is sublime.  Order extra if you are the hungry sort.This place is very quaint and has a homey feel. This is the perfect place to warm your soul on a cold winter day!
The pork buns and the mayu ramen were delicious! I asked for the mayo oil to be served on the side based on other reviews.I stumbled into this cute little spot after our intended spot had a power outage.  Oh my goodness, I'm so glad I did!!  Small location that seems to stay busy.  Me and a friend waited for about 15 minutes; not too bad. The flipped tables pretty quickly.  
I ordered the chicken donburi bowl and it was amazing!!  Lightly breaded chicken with egg over rice and caramelized onions.  It hit the spot on this warm evening.  My friend ordered a spicy ramen bowl.  He loved it - definitely had a kick, but it didn't stop him for downing it!  Plus we munched on hot and tasty edamame.
I highly recommend for small groups of 2-4.  The space isn't that big for anything larger.  But the staff are really personable and the food is amazing.  It was meant to go to this spot!! This will now be in my frequent rotation of places to go to!!Excellent ramen. We went last night (Thurs) around 7pm. Took about 10 minutes for seating for a table of 3. I ordered the vegetarian ramen, light on salt. It came out quickly and was delicious. Waiter was also nice and price was reasonable.Delightful! Service was prompt, and the food was delicious. I will definitely come back.Delicious ramen . The pork and egg , soup base and ramen is perfect. I think this is the best ramen i ever had in philly. But this place is very busy , i had waited 1 hour to my turn in waiting list cause the place is kinda small but it totally worth itThis is easily the best ramen spot I've been to.  I went on a Saturday around 3 PM, waited about 20 minutes for a seat.  I had the Shoyu style ramen, and two soft pork buns.  Totally worth the wait, absolutely delicious.  Service was great, especially so with how busy it was.  Will be going back for sure!Be careful coming here, you will be instantly addicted. I have literally come here once a week since my first time. The Tan Tan with crispy pork is literally crack. This place is worth the wait! They always bring the food quickly and service is extremely efficient. I also recommend the pork buns and hot green tea for $1!Pros:
-Amazing ramen. Great broth, tasty toppings.
-Great portion sizes for the money
Cons:
-It can get quite hot in there...
-Somewhat small
-OK service.I don't know what to write that hasn't already been said, but this place is PHENOMENAL! This isn't just one of my favorite ramen places in Philadelphia, it's one of my favorite restaurants of any kind in Philly! The food absolutely incredible! I've never had a bad bite here! I can't have enough! I just wish this place were bigger so you wouldn't have to wait when you get there almost every time! I can understand why it's always packed though!
P.S. they don't take reservations!I went here a few years ago and I craved their ramen all the way until I finally went back on Thursday. I'm from the suburbs so the location isn't convenient for me but my cousin works downtown so it was convenient to her office. It's small inside and we thought we would have to wait but they had seats open at the bar. My photo is of their signature ramen which I think I got last time too. I will probably come back in a few months and get the same dish. My cousin got a noodle salad and my mom got the dumplings and they were both happy with their meals too.Some of the best Ramen I've had. It's a small place on the inside with not too many seats, but I usually order take out since I live within walking distance. I usually get the Terakawa Ramen which they call their Signature Ramen. The large portions are great and the flavor is so good. The flavor is rich and has a deep meat-y/pork flavor that really sets it apart. The large slices of super tender roast pork that are served in it are amazing! I'm not usually a huge fan of mushrooms, but the ones that are in it are tender and take on a lot of the flavor of the soup. The chopped scallions add a nice crunch to it. The Miso ramen is also delicious! When you get take out they serve all of the components in several different containers but your get the same portions size as when you dine in. I also usually get the chicken buns as an appetizer and they are very flavorful spicy mayo on them. You can choose to have the buns soft or crispy, I prefer the soft ones, but you won't go wrong with either. If you go at peak times, then you may have to wait to be seated because this place is small and quite popular, but it's worth the wait in my opinion. The prices are fair and portions are a great size!