I've only had the cannolis here but they are awesome! They're freshly filled when ordered and the filling is phenomenal. Not too sweet, it's perfect. If you like cannoli, if you don't think you like cannoli, you should definitely get one from Termini Bros.I had the carrot cake.... Very disappointed tasted like licorice and baking soda cooking powder. It's too bad because everything looks so delicious :( also didn't like the chocolate chips in it either.simply the best! everything from here is good! I come from a very Italian family and whenever there is a family event, there is always Termini brothers dessert trays! Their cannolis are amazing! Highly recommend.Oh my goodness, the cannoli!  Just amazing.  Simply amazing.  There's not much more to say than that.This bakery / pastry shop is located in the Reading market. I stopped by for breakfast and purchased 2 items, Carrot cake and Tiramisu. Match this with a cafe from Old City coffee and you are in for a treat these two left me full and ready for the day. Thankfully it's was a very active day and it helped me avoid the sugar crash. This was also because these items were not over sweet and rich in flavour. I can not enjoy something that is too sweet and lacking in flavour. I will return to try the lemonciello pecan diamonds and pasticcios. 
Check this place out in the Reading market you'll like it.I was on a trip to Philadelphia when I had my very first Cannolis there and OMG I wasn't disappointed! 
Fresh, sweet, and addictive are the best three words to describe my Cannolis experience! The filling comes in three different flavours, chocolate, vanilla, and ricotta with chocolate chips. I tried the ricotta and chocolate chips one and I can't even describe how heavenly it was. 
On the other hand, I tried their Éclaires, naah not that good and I definitely had better ones in several other places. But hey, it's an Italian shop, didn't expect them to make great French pastry anyways.
I live in VA but I'd drive all the way back to Philly for those cannolis. 
Bottom line, this place gets 5 stars from me because of the cannollis.Oh, that tiramisu! So good! Parts of it were a little dry, but I still give it 5 stars. Kind of pricey though. Next time, I'll probably try the cheesecake.The cheesecake is the best I've ever had. It's so mouthwatering delicious I drove back from New York just to get it!The service was great, but the cannoli wasn't. It looked amazing but it fell flat. The absence of pistachios on the exposed ends should've tipped me off. If you've never had cannoli, it's a good starter cannoli. But if you're a cannoli connoisseur like me, then you'll want to pass on this one. 
If you're ever in Chicago, you'll find the best cannoli at Ferrara's Original on Taylor Street.It's all about the cannoli! Don't try to share it- it won't work. You need to order your own. I'd love to try some of their other baked goods but I can't get past that freshly made, perfectly crunchy shell with the amazing not-to-sweet, creamy chocolatey chip filling. It's worth the hassle of trying to find parking and walking sideways to cut through the Reading Terminal crowds.I don't even know why I'm bothering to write a review when there are so many. 
This was my first time visiting this location I normally go to the location in South Philly. Well I was just as pleased at the reading terminal location. They had a great selection and the staff was so super friendly and helpful! I only ordered cannolis (I would have bought much more if I wasn't a broke college kid) but they were so incredible and so fresh! I'm so happy this location is much closer to me now and I will proudly continue to make the trip to reading terminal market just for these cannolis. Ps- I got the original with chocolate chips- that's the only way to get them right ?!Best cannoli ever!!! Very nice girl working there. I would definitely recommend  this place if you are in Philly!Let me tell you what...those freaky looking chocolate bananas aside, I'd eat anything from this place.
I needed a cheesecake for a Super Bowl party and was down in Philly not too far from here.  I stopped by and their pastries and such looked good.  I was especially impressed they were filling all the cannnoli by hand from a giant squeeze bag hanging from a rod.
Anyway, the friendly lady behind the counter asked if I wanted a chocolate or regular cheesecake and I took the chocolate.  She even wrote on it for me!  It was also only $15, which was a bargain.
The cake was so creamy and delicious, I had two pieces once I got to the party.  It was devoured promptly by the hungry football fans.   
Next time I'm back in Philly, I'm going back here to get my sweet on.While I'm not a huge fan of their layered cakes (very dry, with meh buttercream that falls off your fork as you try to eat it), I MUST say that their cannoli are OMG-SO-AMAZING! Think creamy-smooth ricotta filling inside a perfect, crunchy shell. If you want to have great cannoli, Termini's is your place - do not waste your time or calorie intake anywhere else. 
This place is out of the way of my daily activities, but you can count on seeing me trek all the way there just to get cannoli when cravings do come up. 
(Sorry, I haven't managed to photograph any of the cannoli I got from here since they vanish long before I have time to think of doing anything other than eating them.)Delicious pastries!  The carrot cake and limoncello are scrumptious. They had a lot of variety. Cupcakes are great too. Definitely worth the visit. Take the kids!Super good. If you're not from Philly, go and see what old fashioned good Italian COMFORT SWEETS ARE LIKE. IT IS THE EXPERIENCE FOR THE TRAVELLER. But go to the south Philly bakery if you can....free parking.Good tasting food that's a staple of the Reading Terminal Market.  Variety of deserts to choose from that are reasonably priced for a heavy tourist location.Almond horn was a pricey $5 compared to Swiss Haus, and just about as good.I think enough has been said about the quality of their baked goods; I couldn't agree more! What I would like to add to that is some praise on their great customer service.  Whether ordering in person or online, these folks are the pinnacle in customer satisfaction.Speaking of addiction in my review of Dinic's I cannot walk out of the terminal without my cannoli fix from Termini Bros. You absolutely must eat one immediately right after it is filled by hand to order, there is also only one kind of cannoli, yes I know they offer Chocolate and Vanilla but Ricotta and Chocolate chip is the only one you need to order, fuhghetabbout the rest.My favorite pastry spot in the RTM.  Biscotti is amazing, they serve La Colombe Coffee and they never run out.
Short and sweet.I've heard so many good things about Termini Bros Bakery.    
I arrived at the perfect time so I was able to take my time and choose the perfect dessert.
Decided to go with a mini carrot cake ($5).  The staff was friendly and even gave me a fork and napkin to go..
The cake was fresh and perfect to split with hubby.
Will I be back? Yup!  Can't wait to try something else.This was a great place to rekindle my love of Italian bakeries during a recent work-related trip. Excellent cannoli...filled upon order, with a filling that contained the perfect blend of chocolate chips/candied fruit. So often you find cannoli that is not flavorful...even the shell was a flavorful treat. I'm usually not a huge lobstertail fan...I find them almost always bland. The filling on theirs has an excellent flavor...again a good ratio of filling to candied fruit.  Very good Italian style baba au rhum...generously sauced/syruped with a flavorful, rummy syrup. Love it!I love these sweets so much.  The staff aren't nearly as friendly or knowledgeable as the old school Passayunk location so if you have a choice, go there, instead.  Canolli, biscotti, and pecan bars are the best!  Worth the high prices.This review is for the cheesecake alone. 
Okay so maybe I got a bad batch or something but it was not as amazing as everyone raves it to be. I actually thought it had a pretty strange bitter taste afterwards.
I LOVE cheesecake, so I was pretty excited to bring it to this potluck that I was invited to that evening.  I told everyone to try a piece bc it was said to be the best cheesecake ever. Instead of being proud of the cheesecake, I was slightly embarrassed when most people said the taste was off and thought it was just opposite of best.
I'll give it another try - most likely when someone else purchases the cake bc I wouldn't want another one to go to waste on my buy.Leave the pasteries. Take the cannolis.
Literally, only good for those. The cakes and pies.. not nearly as good here.A quick internet search for best cheesecake in Philly lead me here, and they did not disappoint.  Soft, sweet, creamy, yum.  Cheesecake is probably one of the last desserts I'd pick for myself, but I wanted to get it for a special someone, and I'm glad there was enough to share.  A tad pricey, but worth it.What can be said that hasn't already? I'll start with the bad; insanely long lines almost all the time and surly workers. Both are inescapable due to its fame, so you have to take the good with the bad.
All their delicacies are solid. The cannolis are large, the cakes are moist and delicious. Even the chocolate covered strawberries are a hit. If I could suggest one thing thought it would probably be the tiramisu cake, which is a large and very tasty homage to the original desert. It's a great bakery, it's just a shame about the crowds.A customer of mine brought In a few pastries from this place and I was instantly addicted, THE best cannoli I have ever had!!!yummilicious! I would eat a cannoli everyday if I could. I have lived from west coast to east coast & east coast has their bakeries on point, especially termini bros. love everything from there.I just gotta say: the chocolate covered banana cookie thing filled with raspberry and cream.
Like. Who even thought of this?
And why is it not being talked about?!I am not a sweets dessert person but I think since sharing a slice of Termini's rum cake with the husband I just may be converted. This cake was heaven! The cashew nuts that hugged the edge of this cake was - mwah! And the cream filling - double mwah! 
We also ordered a small chocolate mousse concoction that was delicious. 
The person that helped us was so nice and I mentioned that we were relatively new to the area and she suggested visiting their other location because they sometimes have live music and a place to eat and enjoy outside. 
My birthday isn't till December but I already told my family that I need to have rum cake from Termini's!The cannoli with ricotta + chocolate chips, WOW. Every bit as good as what we had in Italy ...seriously PERFECT. Sweet, crispy, creamy. Seemed expensive at the counter but after taking just one bite, it was immediately apparent that it was worth every penny and then some.  Amazing, amazing.
If you only have time to eat one dessert in Philly, you had better make it a cannoli at Termini Bros!Located in the Reading Terminal market it's a fairly nice bakery with some great product, though slightly overpriced IMO... As for their product the Canolli's were rather stellar, nicely smooth crunchy shell and very quality and fresh tasting. As for the person waiting on me well... Star lost and leave it at that. 
 Overall still a quality bakery with a nice selection and quality product.Macaroons by the pound?!  Chocolate cannolis by the 1/2 pound?!  Seasonal cakes and pies by the slice?!  And assorted cookies by the 1/4 pound?!  A great bakery, but not very flexible...  You can't order just a cannoli or a macaroon - everything here is ordered by weight with the lowest measure being 1/4 pound.  Well, except for cakes and pies.  There are some of those, however, that must be purchased whole!  However, if you're preparing for a holiday or a big party, it's a wonderful place to pick up some sweet items to nosh on!Enjoyed the zeppole and cannolis!  Cannolis are filled on the spot which was great. Definitely worth a trip back.It had been a while since I had good cannoli and Termini Bros. delivered while I was spending a weekend in Philadelphia. This Italian bakery is located inside of Reading Terminal Market, which is an incredible place for any kind of foodie at all.
I got 4 cannoli that I would save for dinner that night. It is usually a good idea to eat a cannolo shortly after purchasing, to enjoy the crispy shell before it gets soft from the filling. The cannoli at Termini Bros. are filled on-demand (which is the ideal way). You can choose from a vanilla custard or the more traditional ricotta. My favorite pastry filling is probably sweetened ricotta, having spent most of my life eating cream puffs filled with ricotta from Mozzicato on Franklin Avenue in Hartford, CT. I asked about chocolate chips being present, as I am not a fan of this addition to the velvety smooth filling, and was informed that in fact, their ricotta mixture does have chocolate chips. Having read the reviews before coming to Termini Bros., I winced slightly and bought the cannoli anyway. At an average of 4 stars, I repeated silently to myself that 90 Yelpers cannot steer me wrong. For good measure, I also picked up tiramisu, presented in single-serving, round torte form.
That night, I helped prepare dinner for a really interesting group of people and shared my cannoli with them. I was smiling from ear-to-ear, pleased that I had not stuffed myself silly with the pork chop and orzo from dinner and glad that Yelpers did not let me down. The cannolo was delicious and the chocolate chips are actually more like shavings, not the chips that you find in your grocery store's baking aisle. This was absolutely acceptable, as I did not have to chomp on the chocolate.
I had the tiramisu the next day and even though it spent a day in the fridge, it was also very good. Good coffee flavor and the delicate mascarpone paired well with the cake layers.
Not only does this bakery have a decent selection of Italian pastries, cookies, and cakes, it is located in a wonderfully bustling market that makes for a fun experience. Whether you are a Philly resident or a visitor to the "Cradle of Liberty," check out Termini Bros. Bakery when you have a hankering for something sweet.Cool Philly landmark. Def go see the actual bakery and not just the stand at Reading Terminal Market. It's fun to pick out pastries and definitely go for a cupcake. They're delicious. And the cakes are great too! Bought one for my Dad's birthday. It traveled great and tasted fantastic three days later!Absolutely delicious baked goods. If you're ever looking for a good cheesecake, Termini Bros never fails.
I was originally in search for a pumpkin pie but alas, no luck. Termini had samples, but they did not have any available until tuesday.
However, I noticed this beautiful marbled cheesecake and I found out it was the pumpkin cheesecake. I purchased one for a friend as a gift. Everyone who had a slice of that cheesecake was satisfied. For $15, it's a great value.Was at Reading terminal market  yesterday .Brought back  some of yoru cake.WOW amazing  .Wish I would of brought  a whole cake back .After seeing the reviews here, I'm feeling kind alone but this location of the bakery is just plain disappointing.  In the past, as a frequent RTM shopper and fan, I'd sometimes give in to the need and buy something from their counter.  Pretty much every time it's mediocre or bad.  My family has grown to shelf the Termini reputation. It's no longer a treat.
In recent years, someone converted me back but through their original location on 8th st.  WOW.  That place is incredible, so now I have to convince my whole family it's the ORIGINAL location that's still good.  They're skeptical.  This campaign has lowered my guard and once again while shopping at the terminal I decided to pick up a last minute dessert for my family's Sunday get together.  FAIL.
No one wanted to finish the first few slices of the chocolate cheese cake I brought.  I thought my sister was on a diet or something when she only took one bite.  Eventually my family's polite mode wore off (a record 3 minutes) and they were pretty liberal with their critique of the cake.  "Play-doh" was perhaps the most agreeable for the table, that's what the cake tasted like.  I admit, It was nasty.  How do you have a name like Termini and not pull off a basic cheese cake?  I had a decent maccaroon while waiting there but otherwise Im sorry I didnt just go the the super market.  And that Folks, is the ultimate insult, no?
Anyone know why in the world this location has become the bizzarro-world bakery of the original location?  Perhaps they should just be the Termini Bros. Cannoli depot and stick to the apparent success of that.After ordering a boxful of pastries + another Container of sweets we needed an extra plastic bag to split things up in our group. The lady rudely refused to give us one. I've never been refused a CHEAP PLASTIC bag where I've given my patronage. Don't even try to ask for a double bag if you wanna get mean eyes!! Plenty of good bakeries that don't do this. But I guess if you're already successful, you don't necessarily need to make your customers happy anymore, and perhaps get a bit greedy like Termini bakery where you try to hold on to every penny! Shame on you. With so many other great bakeries in the neighborhood, forget this place.
Pastries are good but nothing special. There are many wonderful bakeries who make similar things. The flavors and cakes are well made but standard in flavor. Typical cannoli and cakes. 
Really, at this point you're just looking for a good atmosphere with good people and vibes and this place wasn't it. Sad.The positive reviews got me hyped up, but the cannoli I tried was too sweet and dense, and it wasn't especially crunchy either.  I also got overcharged for it.  They pipe it fresh in front of you though, so that's kinda cool.  I didn't particularly want to keep eating it though, unfortunately, and have had better :/Only tried the stuffed buttercream cupcake with sprinkles from here and it was outstanding.  Would come back just for that.I agree with several other of the reviews that the cannolis are the single best thing here the canolis are great and the cheesecakes are excellent however the price of $4 for single cannoli seems very high to me and higher than New York City. Other than price this is a worthwhile stop.First, the place would've gotten 4 stars if the cashiers were a bit more friendly. I got the tiramisu. Personally I think the cake could have been a bit more moist. Also, the flavor of coffee wasn't very prominent and could be a little stronger. Still yummy.I really enjoyed the cannoli from here. I did think the breading portion was a bit too crunchy, but the filling was to die for! Sooo good. I tried the tiramisu cake as well. It was pretty darn tasty. I didn't see the prices, so can't comment on the price point vs portion size. I think both were shareable though, especially after eating soemehere in reading terminal. 
Lots of different pastry choices. I'm excited to go back!One day their bakery was wonderful.  The next day we purchased $15 worth of products only to find they were OLD.  The next morning, I returned to the Market, so I took my receipt and was treated pretty rudely.  It would have been easy to make me happy (as they had done the first day I went there).  But the lady who said she was the manager was a real crumb!I love their fresh-filled cannoli and cakes! Definitely worth the price! Not so sure about the service. Be loud so you can get someone's attention to help you with what you want.I went there because of all the hype about the cannolis... Great selection. Very nice staff. Only giving 4 stars because the cannoli was good, but I've had better.If there is one place in Philly that I have to stop at no matter what I am doing in the city, it is Termini Bros. All of their products are fresh and about as tasty as a desert can get. I am Italian and I love tiramisu and cannolis. That being said, my favorite tiramisu and cannolis is at Termini Bros. I always end up coming home and filling up the house with baked goods to last a month. Best bakery in all of Philadelphia and Pennsylvania.Their carrot cake is surprisingly really good. Got it for an office party. The service is good, considering it's busy in the Reading Terminal Market. They have more selection than the Comcast Center, but both Termini Bros Bakeries are phenomenal!Outstanding cupcakes - I love finding a good cupcake.  I like a classic vanilla cupcake with sweet buttercream icing!  The bonus on these cupcakes - sprinkles on top and more icing inside. Yum! 
My family knew I liked these cupcakes so much they ordered them for a surprise birthday party for me... everyone thought they were delicious.This place makes me happy!   I've tried several different varieties of their bunt cakes as well as their layered cakes.  My favorite sofar had to be the cinnamon crumble chocolate chip cake which I brought as a treat for my coworkers who gobbled it up.
In general their cakes are a bit dryer than what most are probably looking for but I like that. The icing on the layered cake wasn't something i was fond of. 
I'll keep going there and trying different things.  Next time (based on all the other reviews) i see i must try a cannoli.Stay far away from the Italian Cream cake. My husband and I ended up throwing the slice away because neither of us could eat it. Husband also ordered a cannoli which he said was good.Looking for NY style cheesecake? Look no more, except this is better, this is made in Philly! Try their cheesecake at your own risk, you will come back for more. Enough said.The best cannoli you will ever have in your life. Seriously, they are wonderful. This is the second location that I have visited and it was a little crazy, being placed in the crowded reading terminal market, but the service here was speedy and efficient. The ricotta and chocolate chip cannoli is INSANELY good and fresh. I can't get enough. I wish they had a location in Pittsburgh (hint hint hint)!I didn't think I liked cannoli until I had one from termini bros. highly recommended. it's so cute wish we had time to try more!I can't even remember how many desserts I bought from here over the past year.  
Cheesecake? Good.
Strawberry Short Cake? Good
Amaretti cookies? Good
Cannolis? Good
Everything here is fantastic! Staff will go out of their way to make recommendations and make sure that you're happy! 
I always come here for sweets and snacks!!Oh my goodness, so much to choose from and it all looks good! I tried the cannoli and tiramisu, and my sister tried the Italian cream cake. They were too good!5 stars purely for the ricotta cheese cannoli.  However 2-3 stars for the vanilla cannolis that are too sweet (like canned frosting), and 2 stars for everything else that's overpriced.Worth the trip from anywhere!  Love the raisin tea cakes.  Cannoli are filled as ordered so always fresh and fabulous!I have eaten a lot of cannolis and the I had from here was incredible. One of the best I have had outside of Italy.  I will definitely be sure to stop by here again when in the area, just for the cannolis. The filling is extremely rich and they give a very generous amount. I love the chocolate chips inside and they put the cream in the shell right in front of you so you know it's fresh.The shell is cripsy and crunchy but has a great texture. It goes perfectly with the cream. It was $4 and well worth it. I hope to try some of their cakes or other desserts next time too!I used to come here and get a slice of their delectable carrot cake. One of my favorite stops at Reading Terminal Market.HOLY CANNOLI is all i have to say about this. The cannoli is one of the most delicious desserts ever (and I do not like cannolis-but this was amazing).  I can't wait to go back and try the cakes!Yum! I stopped by on my way out just to view the selection. I ended up getting a chocolate banana, which was the first to catch my eye. Wow! It's a real banana on top almond cookie with cream and raspberry sauce, coated in crisp chocolate shell. Delicious!Haven't gone there in a while, but from what I can tell, their vanilla cannoli is pretty good, though I know I'm not a cannoli expert.
But I do enjoy some of their biscotti flavors! I think I tried raspberry almond and cappucino flavored biscottis and they were pretty good.
fyi: $15 minimum for credit cards I believe.My favorite bakery in the entire market!  Their cannolis are a must try!  The shells are made fresh & they are filled with ricotta cheese & chocolate chips.  It can be topped off with powdered sugar and tastes like heaven!  I can't resist them.  Make sure you grab a number to place your order!Stopped in to try a cannoli and it did not disappoint! Creamy ricotta filling that's perfectly sweetened and not to sweet, like many other cannoli fillings. Found there to be a perfect amount of chocolate chips too. The outer shell was perfectly crisp even hours after they filled it to order. While we were there, we also got some type of nut bar which was also delish! 
The counter is on the outskirts of the market, so it's easy to find. The service was polite and speedy too. Cannot go wrong if you are a cannoli lover! They are pretty big, even though the $4 price tag seems steep. I promise it's well worth it!While at Reading Terminal, we decided to hit up Termini. While the deserts looked good, I got the sense they were not made on site. The seemed a little too packaged.
I got a tiramisu cake/bowl. It tasted decent. It did not knock my socks off.
To be honest, it was not nearly as good as the fresh cookies I got around the corner.Solid 4 stars for the delicious tiramisu alone!
It was the best thing I ate at Reading Terminal Market! It was also the first thing we DEVOURED because we were so hungry....but it was tasty!
The staff was friendly enough and we were able to find somewhere in the general area to set up and eat.
I would absolutely come back for baked goods and sweets from Termini Bros!The cheese cannoli is the best you can get in Center City. Also, the cheesecake is amazing, perfectly dense and sweet. No need for any fruit topping, it is flavorful enough. I have had their fruit tart and chocolate covered banana as well, both lovely. 
My only complaints are I think it is a bit overpriced and there aren't any signs on most the cases so you have to ask what everything is, which can result in a long line.The cannolis are amazing and my family and I have been getting them for years. You can't go wrong with any of their desserts they all look amazing. I tried the chocolate covered banana which was really food. I wish the banana was frozen so it tasted more like ice cream but the cookie in it gives it a unique flavor. Their mini cakes looks fantastic as well I'd love to try the carrot cake next! The ladies who work there are super nice too!oh boy do I love their cheesecake, cannoli, La Colombe coffee, the list goes on! But on multiple occasions (even when there were only one or two other customers, I was ignored, and people who came after me were served before me (they'd get five stars if it weren't for this).
The women who work here are always so nice (when they don't ignore you).The cannoils here are outstanding. I will certainly be adding Termini's cannoli to my must order list when I pass through Reading Terminal Market. The filling is extremely rich and luscious. The shell is cripsy yet soft; it creates a nice texture contrast to the cream, but it doesn't fall apart when biting into it.Everything you've read about Termini's cheese & chocolate chip cannolis is true and not an exaggeration.  They are PERFECT!!!  I've never tried anything else they make, because why bother?!?  The cannolis are like manna from God.  I really like cannolis, so I buy them every chance I get.  I've bought them from lots of different places, so I think I have a good frame of reference.  And truly, Termini's are the best I've ever had.  The key is the simple, quality ingredients and the fact that they stuff them to order.  You'll NEVER get a soggy cannoli from any Termini bakery.  They are truly Fan-freaking-tabulous!!!!Found myself in the area again and since hubby and I had a fight I thought I'd buy him a slice of rum cake as a peace offering.
If it's possible this slice was even better than the one we had a couple weeks ago. More rum which made it moister (is that a word?) but not mushy - so darn good - and it worked like a charm! The husband and I made up - so it's our "make up cake."Place sucks. $5 for an eclair is a total robbery. It was nothing special to boot. Will not be returning. Whole foods has better and fresher éclair for half the price. thieves.Termini Bros Bakery is a great spot in Reading Terminal Market to get your sweet tooth fix. They have tons of pasteries and goods. I order the cannoli and it was good. The taste is very creamy and rich with a thick consistency. 
It costed around $2-3 and the service was fairly prompt. The cream came out of a dispenser from the ceiling. It seemed to be fresh. They lay out their cannoli shells in the front, so  they might pre-make them in  huge batches. Overall I would go again to try out a new item.OMG.... come here for the cannoli.  The freshest and best thing you will ever have (if you like cannolis).  They hand squeeze/fill them right to order, and they are so so good.  Too good in my opinion, and I am upset as I will now sadly search for something similar in all my travels, and doubt I will find its equal.  I must have hit this place at the right time, as there was no line, and very friendly service.  I will be back if ever in Philly again.  Do you ship to California?I only had a cannoli. It was good but not great. I agree with another reviewer who said that it would be better dipped in chocolate. The chocolate chips just don't come through enough, and the shell seemed overcooked.The cannoli is filled before your eyes and it is delicious. Will definitely have another before I leave town. Totally worth the wait. And the calories!The best cannoli that I have ever eaten!!  I'm glad this place isn't any closer to me.Get the cheesecake.  Its probably 1000 calories per slice but you are already fat so eat itDesserts look really good here. I don't eat much desserts and I wasn't planning on eating any while I was at the reading terminal, but goodness. Walking by this place without smelling and looking at these yummy pastries on display is hard to resist. Tried a tiramisu and it was great, two thumbs up!This place is great. Staff is really nice. Cannoli was one of the best that I've had in a very long time. They don't pre-fill it, which is ideal, so the pastry stays crisp. Just the right balance of sweetness, and ricotta, and extremely smooth. Just great.Termini's is truly an institution in Philadelphia that should attract lines flowing out the door like Magnolia Bakery in New York.  Then again, Magnolia benefitted from some serious exposure on Sex and the City, while Philly is not exactly privileged to the same thriving film & tv industry.  Regardless, I'll do my part to give credit where its due.  The Termini cheese cannoli ranks among  the best pastries in this fine nation along with such addictive sweet treats as New York's Magnolia cupcake and LA's Sprinkles cupcake.  
This cheese cannoli is the most magnificent marriage of all the fundamental flavors that us humans innately crave: sweets, sours, salts and fats (sorry calorie counters, but its worth every ounce) .  The shells are always fresh and taste similar to funnel cakes, just condensed into miniature thin, crispy hollow rolls.  Be sure to request powdered sugar on top.  It's a must!  And then there's the cheese filling.  Sure they offer other varieties of filling, but they're inconsequential.  It's smooth, thick and sweet blending the sour hints of ricotta cheese with sugar and bittersweet dark chocolate chips.    
I've learned to steer clear of their ornately decorated cakes and pastries, for they never seem to satisfy quite like their cheese cannoli.  The cookies and biscotti are tasty, worthwhile treats, however quite forgettable.  Often, I find myself rushing to Reading Terminal to bite into another blissful cannoli before they shut down the cash register.  Once you try one, you'll understand this insatiable urge to return.I'm really torn on a 3 or 4 for this place, but I'll err on the side of 4 since the cannolis are really nothing I've had in California. So there are a few locations for Termini Bros Bakery, but since Reading Terminal has so many things to visit/eat, you might as well pick it up here. This one is located on the South side of Reading Terminal a little bit so if you walk the perimeter, you'll bump into it. There's a lovely neon red sign.
Now they have a bunch of cakes and pastries and of course the famous cannolis. There are no prices. So when I was ordering, I was taken aback when they told me how much I just spent for 3 cannolis and a Sfogliatelle (crispy layers with ricotta and citrus fruit interior). The cannolis were $4 each and the I believe the Sfogliatelle was about the same or even more.
The Sfogliatelle was interesting and different. It did have a lot of ricotta cheese so if you're not into that, I would say skip. I won't be getting it again.
The cannolis were filled fresh with cream hanging from the ceiling. The filling contained candied little gems. It was so rich and creamy and gosh you felt the fat in it. Oh so delicious fat. I guess it was worth the $4. Definitely something to try out as you're in Philadelphia and you should get at least one.My name is Al and I'm addicted to Italian Bakeries.  My favorite of all Italian Bakeries is Termini Bros.  Every time i put any baked good from this place in my face, it's an automatic mouthgasm!.Their baked goods are like magic! canolis, cassata, pignoli, amaretti......it's all delicious! ALL OF IT!  I wish i could just move into the bakery and sleep there, wake up and have a pound of pignoli for breakfast, a few canoli for lunch and a cassata cake for dinner. Honestly, I hope heaven has a Termini bakery. 
Mouth Rating= Very Happy Mouth  :-)The only good thing one of my useless exes did was introduce me to these cannolis. 
I favored the chocolate cream variety, but sure as heck would never turn away any of the other flavors. The dusting of powdered sugar on the perfectly crisp pastry shell still resonates today, several years later. 
I wonder if cannoli's will ever become the next trend like frozen yogurt and cupcakes have gone, if so, that may the only time I'll come close to these delectable sweets found only in the heart of south Philadelphia (and apparently, other satellite locations across town).
Until that time comes, I'm still looking...and it shows :-/When I go to Philadelphia for the flower show, this is a must stop. Everything is amazing, I have to say though the biscotti was a bit hard for my taste but aside from that, this place is cannoli heaven! They are filled when you order so they are fresh and oh so creamy. Just love this place!!
http://www.nycstylelittlecannoli.com/Was as patient an polite as can be to ask for just one item, and still I got a nasty attitude from the old lady working the counter.  Get over yourselves people,  ur not the greatest bakery ever and even if u were that doesn't give u the right to b rude to the paying customer.   I will take my business elsewhere form now on.Great bakery! They have the best cannolis in the area. I appreciate that they are freshly filled and have the finest, creamiest cannoli cream. My friend had the tiramisu, but I wasn't as much of a fan of it. It had a nice cream but wasn't as flavorful as I thought it would be. They also have great coffee to go with your dessert! I highly recommend stopping by if you're in Reading Terminal Market.I can't see what the big deal. Their baked goods are not that good. Everyone raves but they are only average. This is coming from an old Italian that knows. Plus the staff isn't very nice and they are expensive.Looks different post makeover two years ago. Modern and hip vs old school and original. I used to love the cannoli. But it is so hit and miss. At $4 twice the price of a cannoli in brooklyn my, its not worth it. Today the shell was too hard. Over fried. Last time the filling was spoiled. The other Italian pastry is respectable. For tourists and locals its probably the best in Philly. The staff is never friendly.
WIGB? For a taste every now and thenThis review is mostly for the service I've gotten today. I was looking through the glass and wanted to ask one of the girls behind the counter what this particular bread loaf was, but she was too busy chatting away with her friends and completely ignored me. I moved into the other register and finally got the service I was waiting about 10 mins for. The sweet loaf I picked up was a bit hard and dry. Kind of disappointed with today's visit.We scored this out-of-the-world dessert from Termini's. The only thing we could ask while scarfing down the scrumptious sweet was, "How in the world did they think of this?" I forget the exact name of the dessert but it's half a banana on an almond biscotti base filled with whipped cream and raspberry, and covered in melted chocolate.I wish I ordered more items from here. I tasted the almond horns and a chocolate cake (looked like an oreo cookie. It was layered chocolate cake with white buttercream icing). The almond horns were very good. I wish they were bigger! The cake I personally did not like so much b/c the buttercream was too buttery for my taste, but a friend really enjoyed it. The chocolate cake layers themselves were delicious though.
next time I will order more items. The pecan diamond looks like something interesting to try.
One complaint is that they do not to prices on all their pastries!! Please put price tags for all items!We tried the carrot cake and it was pretty delicious! Will go back for their famous cannoli!Worth every penny. And quick service too! I had a mini heart attack when I grabbed my number (302) and their sign said (99). But apparently their sign only goes to 100. Whoops. 
I got a personal tiramisu and a chocolate covered banana, both $5 each. The tiramisu is extremely rich and I could only eat 1/3 of it. The banana is made up of a cookie, cream, raspberry preserve, the banana, and then covered in dark chocolate. So essentially pure heaven.
I wish Philadelphia wasn't 2,000 miles away from my home, I would come here every week just for that banana.Looks different post makeover two years ago. Modern and hip vs old school and original. I used to love the cannoli. But it is so hit and miss. At $4 twice the price of a cannoli in brooklyn my, its not worth it. Today the shell was too hard. Over fried. Last time the filling was spoiled. The other Italian pastry is respectable. For tourists and locals its probably the best in Philly. 
WIGB? YesOMG YUMMY. Every single week when I go to Redding Terminal Market for groceries, I end up here to get my weekly cheat meal. I just cant resist. 
My favorites are the tiramisu and carrot cakes. 
Never ever make the mistake of going on a Sunday though. The line is super long and it is SO crowded because I assume that's when the tourists come in. Saturday morning or any weekday is better.this place was terrible. First of all the workers are lazy and disrespectful. they are not there to please the customer they are there to talk and act unprofessional. I purchased a banana mousse cupcake thing I dont know what it is called and it was OLD and STALE disgusting. the girls working there just talked and talked. Will never return. Even though it the 5.00 pastry was old it was also cheaply made the old cream tasted nasty and artificial. Save your money and go someplace else.last stop in the reading terminal.    had the tirimisu and a choclate strawberry thing.   Both pretty good.  Not the best think i have ever had but pretty good.  Next time will go right for canolli.  Not sure why we didnt do that to begin with!I got a banana cream pie that tasted like it used something akin to cool whip for the topping - it was neither creamy nor delicious. I had to scrape it off, because that part just tastes worse the longer it sits in the fridge. The chocolate shavings have a bit of a waxy mouthfeel. I feel like I could make a better banana cream pie at home. 
Their cannolis are good, but other than that, I think I'll have to give it a miss.The world is an OK place because Termini Bros is in existence. The cannolis are their own food group. Absolutely delicious and it may be impossible to eat just one. We grabbed a few and took them back to our hotel. They didn't last the night. The filling is perfection and not overly sweet. The shells are fresh and have just the right amount of crunch texture.Philly's best Cannoli !  I can never just walk by without giving something a try.  All Yummy!This nearly 100-year-old bakery serves very good cannolis! The chocolate chip ricotta cannolis are freshly piped into the shells, which sit in a pile waiting to be ordered and served. It is definitely quite sweet, but the shells are nice and crunchy. The ricotta is super creamy, and even a little dense, especially with the chocolate chips. It is on the expensive side, $4, but it is a big, hefty cannoli. You might want to share it. I'd definitely come back to try some of their other baked goods lined up beautifully behind the display case.First time I ate here the cannoli was OK, a bit powdery, over-cooked shell.
The 2nd time I ate here, the filling was a bit better, overcooked shell, and I didn't realize how over priced it was, as they don't list the price when you're looking at them. 
One cannoli is $4. I normally get 2 for $4! So I'm sort of done paying twice as much for inferior cannolis.This place is awesome. My father-in-law to me here for there first time. From the old timey ambiance down to the perfection of every single item. This is bar none the best bakery in Philly. If any body tells you different they are a liar and they want to keep this place secret so they can have the deliciousness to themselves. This place is literally a sugery haven hidden in south Philly.This review is all about their ricotta cheese cannolis.
Definitely better than isgro's stale shells, gotta give them that. Fills my craving when I'm in desperate need of a good cannoli (which is saying something b/c I usually do not accept substitutes). Crunchy shell & dense filling.
But not the best I've had. No, I reserve that honor for Potito's to whom they pale in comparison.Quick efficient service, also very friendly. The pastries are a bit on the pricey side for the size of the pastries, but that's in my opinion. We got the tiramisu and the Sfogliatelle; tiramisu was a bit too sweet for a tiramisu (again in my opinion - I have tried a multitude of tiramisus before and this isn't my favorite) and the Sfoliatelle was great for my taste. 
Overall it's a nice small "bakery" in the Reading Terminal Market. And I would find myself coming back for other sweets.I usually visit the Reading Terminal Market when I am in Philly and sometimes pick up cannoli at Termini Brothers.  On this last visit (first in 2 years), I opted for a chocolate eclair.  Big mistake!  It was a shocking $5 and would have been "meh" at half the price.  It was a really big disappointment in both flavor and texture.  Better chocolate eclairs can be found at just about any supermarket's bakery.  Maybe the lesson is to order only items that Termini is known for. . .and that definitely does NOT include eclairs.My low rating stems not from the quality of the cannoli but from the level of greed I experienced at the Philly Flower Show. I'll gladly pay $5 for cannoli because they're delicious and worth the price but I take issue with the price gouging for an iced tea. On what planet is an iced tea worth $6/bottle? I should have returned it for a refund and gone to the water fountain. Shame on you for your greed!An Uber driver told us to stop at Termini Bros and he was right.  The canoli was great, pignoli cookies were yummy and the macaroons were good.  My only complaint was that althought the almond horn tasted good, it was a little bit on the hard side.I needed a cake for my pop's birthday.  Ran down here and bought a yellow pound cake. He loved it. I didn't care for all the icing but it was tasty and I think it was cheesecake frosting.Unfortunately I can't agree with the other reviews on the canoli, was it just a bad batch that I had? I went to Termini's since all the reviews said this is the place to get canolis...as I said I was disappointed. It wasn't nasty, just had a weird texture and was a bit too sweet for me. I bake at home so I am very critical of baked goods. If they are not freshly made, not made with fresh ingredients,  or too dry I will pick up on those facts.  I didn't finish half of my canoli and my bf took two bites out of his.The pastries we purchased were good, but the customer service is awful. Like other reviewers on here, our cashier made a big fuss about the plastic bags, despite us saying ahead of time we wanted our pastries packed separately as they'd be going to two separate places. Is a second plastic bag too much to ask for after a $15 purchase?The best canoli in town. Prepared like home and displayed perfectly, empty shell first and then fresh ricotta filling at the moment of consumption. Real delight to see how they respect the traditional recipe. Folks are in their 90's and still got it!When we go to Reading Terminal we have to get some cannoli's from Termini.  They are always amazing.Cannolis!!!! They have become my new obsession, seriously. 
I tried the anise biscotti (per Brian S.'s review :) and it was good! Tasted a tad too licoricey for my liking, but I was impressed by the texture and crumb that the actual biscotti had to it. Typically biscotti is either too rock hard or too, too stale tasting, but their biscotti was wonderfully executed.
More importantly though, the cannoli I got from here was to die for.
When I first walked up to Termini Bros in the Market, I was freaking out because I didn't see any cannoli in the display cases. Then I realized, duh, they can't be sitting out all day and getting soggy - they're always stuffed to order! Yay! Sure enough, I asked the lady behind the counter and she came back with that beautifully ricotta-stuffed shell :)
When I dug into the masterpiece shortly thereafter, I could not stop eating it. I had mentally prepared myself for this internal conflict that I knew I would face at first bite...and I had planned on stopping there with just a taste...but, I soon realized the impossibility of that intention. It was just too delicious :)Get a cannoli! It was a little crunchier than I had expected but still delicious.Wish I could give it more stars, pastries are great but service was very rude. The girl at the counter had a huge attitude problem- this was on a Tuesday evening right before close. Management should have a discussion with employees on common courtesy and customer service.Besides Isgro Pastries, Termini is my next  go to spot for fresh filled cannoli. Growing up in Philly, Termini is one of my favorite Italian place for yummy delicious Italian cookies and cannolis. Despite being overrun by tourist on the weekend, Termini is still one of the best place in town for a cannoli and they filled them when you ordered.Had a delicious cannoli and some Italian sesame seed cookies.  Just like my nonna's baked goods.Worst cream puff and eclair ever.. dried and soggy puffs and the cream was just off. I havent opened the pig ear yet, hope this one is goodSummary: Irresistibly good food, Average prices, Shockingly addictive
The cookies, cannolis, and pretty much everything else are all way above the notch and keep you coming back for more. Most anything is a relatively safe bet, but the cannolis are the real deal, for sure.
Being a branch of the flagship location on 8th street, my expectations were a tad bit lower as I caught sight of the location within Reading Terminal Market (RTM). After all, sequels are rarely as good as the original. Nevertheless, I wanted to give it a shot, just because of the faith that I had in the original. And my faith was restored. This place is just as fantastic as the original bakery.
Be sure to try the tiramisu mini-cake - it's absolutely delicious! Also, the mini-oreo cake is another favorite if you're not in a coffee-like mood. On the other hand, if something non-cakey is in order, the cannolis can never fail, as mentioned above, or else the cookies. 
Oh. my. god. The cookies. They deserve their own paragraph. They're that awesome. Pick anything (other than the mint one - I don't like mint), and I'll blindly give it my stamp of approval. Well, I'm sure that the mint would be amazing too, but just saying.
In short, GO HERE! NOW!I know they are famous for their cannolis but what they really should be famous for.... their New York Style CHEESECAKE!!!  This is by far my favorite dish in the world to buy and pawn off as my own at any place possible... dinner parties, cooking for the boyfriend, thank you gifts... etc etc... for $12... it is by far the best Cheesecake I've ever had... and I really don't even like plain cheesecake.  Normally what I'll do, is go home, chop up some fruit and drizzle some melted strawberry jelly over it all (you know, so it looks like I made it at home)... and let me tell you... I have no heard one person who wasn't in obsessed with it after just one bite.  So if you want to impress someone with your cooking skills (or lack-there-of) ... this is the best place to do it!  Just make sure you have a good excuse for the somewhat awkward size of the pan you would have had to make it in ... 
Summary:
Reading Terminals BEST place for a SWEET TREAT
Famous for Cannolis- which is actually the only cannoli I've ever had that I actually liked... so they must be pretty good... because I'm not a huge fan but the cheesecake is to die for! I keep trying to force myself to try new things but I can't stop buying the stupid cheesecake!  
Warning:  You are likely to consume a whole cheesecake on your own in less than 48 hrs... it is that good!"Leave the gun, take the cannoli!" Clemenza had it right and if you tasted these off the chart Sicilian pastries, you would understand. 
My wife and I are on a search in Philadelphia for the best cannoli. So far, Isgro's and Termini Bros. are tied for first. Both very fresh, both very homemade. 
Highly recommend you stop in at the Reading Terminal Market location for one of the best deserts you will ever have.My family came from North Wales Montgomery county Chalfont Bucks county, and Nutley, NJ to celebrate my 75th birthday and to take in some of the holiday festivities. Just before they left, we went to the Reading Terminal Market so they could take home some treats. My niece insisted we stop by Termini's where she treated me to goodies for myself. We started off with a box of their famous ricotta canolis, a box of anise flavored pizzelles, and topped off my order with a mini carrot cake. Founded in 1921 by two brothers from Sicily, this 3rd generation bakery is renowned for their excellent offerings. On Christmas Eve, lines form out the door of their original location at 1523 S. 8th St. for the trays of Italian cookies. They bake everything from the aforementioned goodies, as well as cheesecake, their famous Italian rum cake, wedding cakes. As another reviewer wrote, if you're on a diet, don't even walk passed this place. Other locations are at the Comcast Center, and the Packer Ave. Shopping Center. They offer mail orderPoor customer service. Purchased a cupcake and saw employee about to put it in their store box, but instead placed it in a clear container. I kindly asked for the store box so my wife, who's heard of this place, can know it came from there. Was actually denied the box because they said the cupcake would fly around it, which I understood, but then I said I would just place it in it when I got home. Told no again because "someone can put a product from someplace else, person gets sick and then the store gets blamed". WTF?! Ummm...anyone can do that with whatever bakery item they actually place in their boxes.
Not sure what was wrong with that employee to think their box was so special not to give it to someone who just bought something from there, but that's fine. They lost a customer and I'll make sure to direct people to other bakeries, since I work across the street.When it comes to Italian bakeries in Philly, traditional wisdom dictates "Isgro for cannoli, Termini for cheesecake".  At least that's the consensus as I've grown to understand it.
For me and my family, though, it's Termini all the way!  A little on the pricey side, but with staff that is always a bit more helpful than what I've experienced at the sometimes-gruff and always-cramped Isgro.  
The cheesecake is absolutely the best in the city (stay away from Darling's, IMHO) and my fam informs me that the same is true for the cannoli (full disclosure: I can't stand cannoli), but what's really special among Termini's offerings is the vast array of Italian cookies!  Next time you have to bring somethin'-somethin' to a pot-luck or house-warming, stop by Termini and let them put together a box of them for you.  Your wallet will be a little lighter, but the lucky recipients of your generosity will forever beg you for a repeat performance.  Hmmmm... maybe that's not such a great thing after all... ;)Didn't try the cannoli but ogled one someone was buying. Guess I'll have to go back. 
Did try some kind of strawberry cake, mostly pink icing with white edges and pink swirls in the cake but no actual strawberries. That's fine, I don't like actual strawberries... just things that taste like them. The cake was good, dense but not in a moist way. (I know I just used the m-word but I think it should be allowed when discussing cake.) The frosting had a great consistency, not overwhelmingly sweet but real (sugary) frosting. I can't stand that whipped/non-dairy BS they use in grocery stores. $2 for a slice.
Friend had a slice of the chocolate mousse cake but she and I both agreed the mousse had a kind of alcoholic taste.. I guess from a chocolate liqueur or something. It was still edible but I don't think I'd get it again.Totally a huge fan of the cheese cannoli ....just the right amount of sweetness and chips  ... Yum! My hubs and I are fans of the lemon biscotti and the cranberry pistachio biscotti too! They're a little more like a cookie instead of the super hard biscotti but they're still yummy Termini can be a bit expensive hence the 4 stars.they have so many delectable and old fashion type of desserts. and they have tons of cookie varieties and other countless types of pastries. i adore them.This place is somewhere between a 3 and 4 for me. It's a favorite when buying a birthday cake in the office, probably out of convenience, but they are very good! My personal favorite is their rum cake. Quite large and you can taste the rum, that's important for those of you for who are 21 and older. The tiramisu cake is not overpowering with its coffee flavor, but it's definitely there and the ladyfingers surrounding it make a very nice touch. The cakes definitely aren't dry and travel quite well.
The cannoli is $4 is a very nice, light, and sweet treat if you're into all things ricotta. It's crisp, crunchy, creamy, and delicious. I don't think these would travel well because the cannoli shell would most likely get soggy. An item that would travel well, as long as it's not super hot out would be the cheesecake. I got a plain slice and it cost $4. It's very simple, but like the cannoli, it is also creamy and rich in sweetness and flavor. The pizzelle cookies are as authentic as they come, unfortunately, a small tin of them will run you $10. I would say that Termini is on the pricier side when it comes to pastries and desserts.
The service is generally friendly, but there was one time in particular where I waited....and waited....and waited and eventually left because I was not asked if I needed help nor were they super busy. Not sure what was going on there. I have been there other times when they are super attentive and will make sure you get everything you need. Perhaps it's from all the window shoppers ooing and aahing at the display. It just seems a bit haphazard at times, "are they taking ticket numbers or not?" Still, they sell a great product and anyone that wants Italian treats.As everyone says, Termini Bros is really, really good. They usually have free samples floating around (when I was there, I think they had 3 - 4 different kinds), they have a great selection, and a helpful staff.
That being said, -1 for paying almost 14 dollars for 2 brownies and a cookie.Love love their cannoli, as well as tiramisu and cheesecake!!! I have been there many times, always my top choice when having sweets crave!!!Ah, the cannoli that's a piece of art!  Crisp shell, yummy creamy inside, sweet and lover-ly!  I hate soggy cannoli shells, and this place didn't disappoint!  Only wish I had brought some home with me!!!It doesn't matter how good the food is, if the service blows, why patronize? I turned in a coffee sleeve for a free cup of coffee and was told NO. And then she would not return the sleeve. Apparently, it is only good for Wednesdays, but she wouldn't let me try again next Wednesday. I'm not that upset over losing a free cup of coffee, but I am angry enough to empty my box of subpar cookies on their counter in protest over such a poor attitude. Who refuses to return a coupon because it isn't valid that particular day?! 
Termini is not that epic when it comes to cookies. You'd have a better experience with a Starbucks cupcake.Amazing desserts in reading terminal. I would take their dessert over any other place in reading terminal. But reading terminal itself is pretty busy i would recommand going to their other location if you wanna avoid the lines.One of my all time favorite pastry/dessert shops. It's super convenient as it's located right in Reading terminal by the convention center! 
This is usually my go-to if I'm looking to buy any celebratory cakes. I usually get the carrot cake with cream cheese frosting mixed with chocolate chips. The cake is moist and the frosting is to die for! There are never any left overs for this cake. It only costs $25 and even though it's slightly more expensive than the specialty cakes at your local grocery store it's money well spent! 
I also love their limoncello cakes- so delicious and not too sweet! You must also try their cannolis- they are so delightful. They provide the filling on the spot when ordered so that the outer cannoli shell doesn't get soggy. You have to eat it on the spot! 
They sell all sorts of other traditional Italian desserts. I haven't had a chance to try them all but I cannot wait to!We ordered one of their mini chocolate mousse cakes to share and it was pretty good. We couldn't wait to try it so we had it right at Reading which was packed that day. Unlike other places the line here was pretty short but don't be fooled as they have a huge selection of sweet treats. Ive had to many cannolis living in Boston so the mousse cake was what caught my attention and I'm glad I tried it.We were rushing to Terminal market to get my daughter a bday cake and got there a few minutes before closing time. We saw Termini and ordered their Tiramisu cake. The lady at the counter who also personalized the cake was really nice and even gave us a free candle to take with us. Cakes are pricey but their service is great!!#1 - the pignoli cookie
#2 - the canoli
#3 - everything else!!!
That is the order in which I pig out at Termini's.
Their pignoli/pine nut cookie is unbelievable. It is always moist in the center with a strong flavor of almond paste. My in-laws in Brasil go crazy for them. My mom recently sent us a batch in our new house in LA, and they didn't even last 24 hours.
The canoli... Forgive the spelling, I'm not Italian. :) my boyfriend has never had one. I hadn't had one since I had the best one in Quincy Market, MA. Well boo to Quincy, because the ricotta one here at Termini's blew them out of the water! And recently I had a canoli at my new local bakery, and my boyfriend and I pretentiously joked about how it doesn't even compare to Termini's.
All of the other things i've had on different occasions, and they are always amazing, but I like to stick to my #1 and #2!This review is for the zeppole aka St Joseph cake. The shell is dry and the filling is basically the same as cannolis. Frangelli's is much better because the shell is more moist and overflows with amazing filling. However other pastries are great including the ricotta cannoli.
The ricotta cannoli is not watery, perfect sweetness with mini chocolate chip filled for your order so that you can taste the crunchiness of the shell. Best eaten right away to avoid sogginess.
The chocolate covered banana is their specialty too. It's banana on an almond pastry with some cream and banana fillings.
Their shoe horn is great too. It's basically an almond pastry with some almond paste. Its a must for almond lovers.
The fig bar is filled with fig covered in a thin pastry.
Another Italian pastry to try is sfogiatelle. The shell i a crunchy and layered pastry filled with ricotta andd a hint of citrus flavor that brings a fresh taste.
For cookies, my favorite is the amaretti and pignoli. The cookie is very moist with almond paste.I've only tried the cannoli here, but wow! First of all, it's very refreshing to see a bakery that does not pre-fill a ton of cannoli and have them sitting in the display case. They look pretty, yes, but who wants a soggy cannolo? 
Anyway, this was exactly what it should be like: that perfect contrast of the crispy fried shell with the creamy ricotta filling. Simple but pretty much perfect. On par or better than the cannoli I've had at many highly-touted bakeries.
I'll definitely be back!I ordered a couple of mini-cakes as a birthday gift for someone who's not exactly a "cake person" so in these small doses they were great and were well received. I bought the tiramasu (which I tried) and the strawberry one (which I didn't). It was surprisingly smooth and light. I'm inclined to try the vanilla crunch cake (I think that's it) when it's in season. Eh, not sure what vanilla season is... but they said it wasn't in season when I asked. The mini-cakes are pricy too so I think they're better served as little gifts anyway.Staying in the Hilton Garden Inn so the market is right next door.  How do you choose where to get your dessert for the day?  Well the Termini Bros Bakery was the right choice.  We ordered a small red velvet and a small chocolate mousse cake to take back to our room.  They did not disappoint.  Moist and delicious!  I'm so glad we will be here tomorrow again.  Can't wait to see what to order tomorrow!This is the second time I have returned to Termini Brothers Bakery inside the Reading Terminal Market. Their best seller which is the cannoli is worth the 1 & 1/2 hr. drive from where I live. This time, aside from the customary order of cannoli, we tried some of their other offerings i.e. - their mini cakes 1) Limoncello cake & 2) Red Velvet cake. They were heavenly! The cakes were moist, decadent & not overly sweet. Needless to say, you cannot just stop at one bite (they were history before we even got out of the Reading Terminal Market). This review however is for the "pecan bar". Had to make sure I had to get some this visit. It did not disappoint. This pecan bar was heavenly, just the right amount of sweetness, texture & moistness. I am so glad I got more than one. I will most surely try other pastries they offer next visit. Definitely in my must visit list when traveling back to Philly. This place is highly recommended.Took a walk down memory lane during a recent trip to philly. Staying right across the street from Reading terminal and HAD to sneak out of my conference at the convention center  for 2 amazing treats to keep in my hotel room! When o was a little girl, birthday celebrations included an Italian cream cake ( or Italian rum cake) to some from terminis. I asked and they delivered one delicious slice. One bite of this rich cake and I was transported back to birthdays with my Italian grandpop!  This cake is layers of delicious thick sponge like cake, layered with both chocolate and vanilla rum infused cream, generously iced then coated with crushed peanuts. Too rich to eat in one sitting! The other treat was sfigliatelle: crunchy layer upon layer of pastry shaped like a lobster tail  and inside sweetened ricotta cheese delicately flavored with orange peel. Omg. Heaven  the staff were accommodating, the store is spotless! A bit pricey but worth it for size and quality. Only complaint was I went back the next day for another slice and they were SOLD OUT! WaaahhhI ordered its sfogliatelles. very disappointed. The shape did not look like lobster tail, which  is a quiet big disappointment. The taste was OK, not fantastic.Honestly I think I should get a refund for them!
I cannot speak for other items. jst like the review said :"Meh. I've experienced better.
 "There comes a time when you have to do something outside your job description. No, really, it happens. Take this as an example: finding cupcakes decorated to honor the current World Series champs to help make the next work day, uh, well, more entertaining. Now, where the hell do I find such cupcakes at the last minute in an unfamiliar territory? Well, you would think Yelp, right? Right. That's exactly what I did. Fortunately for me, Termini had been selling cupcakes with "P" in red icing, and I planned on getting here as soon as they opened the next morning. The women working there that morning were very friendly and surprisingly bright-eyed (late night game/late night celebrations) getting what looked like a million "P" cupcakes ready for the day. They were very careful in packing up 36 cupcakes for me, tying up nicely each box and giving me a ton of plastic bags to carry. Thanks to them, I was able to get such a random request at the last minute. In addition to cupcakes, they have quite a selection of biscotti, cheesecake, cookies, and other delicious looking pastries. I didn't have time to get anything else, but I bookmarked it to remind me to come back. Oh yeah...the cupcakes were a hit!hand-filled cannolis to order!  i also ordered a few basic vanilla cupcakes, and was pleasantly surprised to find a surprise filling in the middle.  The carrot cake looked pretty, but didn't taste up to par.During Easter week they make traditional Easter pies and Easter bread. The Easter cookie in the form of Easter basket has interesting flavor of mixed sweet and salty. It's okay.
The square cheesecake is delicious. Pineapple or cherry. It's not too heavy.Had the pecan bar.  Was so very good. Tasty and not too sweet.   Was just perfect and and great with a cup of coffee. Great place to stopWe visited Termini Bros as we toured Reading Market. The cannoli we ordered was very good. The pig ear pastry was bland, dry and hard to chew. A lot of other baked goods to choose from at Termini Bros. We would order the cannoli again but not the pig ear pastry.Hands-down, the best cupcakes I have ever had... in my entire life!  Both the chocolate and vanilla are equally amazing, and they have extra icing in the middle.  No trendy flavors, just the classic kind of cupcakes you had when you were a kid.
I'm only giving 4 stars instead of 5 because The canolis and rum cake (I forget the correct name) were good, but nothing I would run back for.Firstly, it's located in Reading Terminal Market which is a destination unto itself. Wander around, look at all the offerings, and smell all the amazing smells that are coming from every stall. Secondly, Termini Brothers is iconic. This is on the culinary Philly bucket list. You must have the cannoli at least once. Third, the cannoli is good!! Shell is crispy without falling apart after one bite and the filling is creamy without being watery. Eat the cannoli. Just do it.I picked up a tiramisu ($5) at Termini Bros inside Reading Terminal Market yesterday. 
It was not bad but definitely not the best either. I don't think it was made with ladyfingers for the cake base and real mascarpone cheese for the cream like how real, authentic home-made tiramisu tends to be made. Not much espresso taste either. 
I will try a cannoli next time.This is what you need to know about this place, especially the South Philly location - it is a staple of Philadelphia and the South Philly store is the first and most famous one.
As someone who comes from a traditional Italian family who additionally, originates in South Philly (after Italy), I can tell you that the goods they sell here are the most traditional and most high quality you can get in Philadelphia or the surrounding areas.
The cannoli are out of this world, as well as the traditional cookies such as the pinnoli cookies.
The place is always packed, but around the holidays, it's obscene.  Just make sure you get there at the crack of dawn on Christmas Eve morning or else you could be in line for hours (even though they are working really fast back there), that's how many people pour into Terminis around Christmas time!Located in the Reading Market, the Termini Bros. Bakery is a visual delight showcasing scrumptious pastries of all kinds! The palmier cookies were the largest we've even seen!Holy cannoli! These treats are absolutely amazing. I love cannoli and I was so excited to try these on my last trip to Reading Terminal Market. The cannoli were absolutely amazing and the perfect combination of sweet and crunchy. 
I feel like often times when I eat a connoli, the shell is soggy from the cream, but this is not the case here! The shell has a perfectly, fresh baked crisp and a beautiful cream filling on the inside. The cream is not too sweet and there are just enough chocolate chips, that you get the perfect amount in every bite.
Definitely coming here again to get more cannoli!I just had their cannolis for the second time this past weekend and again was amazing as the first time I had it.  I recommend Termini's if you want a wonderful and authentic cannoli at the Reading Terminal Market.If you entered the Reading Terminal Market from the 12th St. entrance, you will no doubt see this alluring dessert bakery if you go straight down the aisle. Don't doubt it: the stuff that you see on the shelf tastes good as it looks!
Sadly my family was leaving Philadelphia so we decided to drop by Reading Terminal for one last Philly snack. My sister who is a huge dessert fan could not keep her eyes off the huge, delicious-looking dessert selection Termini Bros displayed. It was her birthday soon so I decided to buy her a small cake but she wasn't able to make a choice.
What can I say? The paradox of choice can be quite paralyzing.
Fortunately, the nice cashier girl gave my sisters suggestions and she settled with the chocolate cake with a slice of banana on top. The size was around 3 inches in diameter and was $5. Even though I said I was buying it for my sister, I ended up eating half of it.
It was a truly decent chocolate cake with satisfying sweetness that does not overwhelm. Each eat was complemented with a light touch of banana taste. Although I am usually not banana about banana, I thought it adds a nice, new dimension.
Termini Bros Bakery was a dessert eye-candy that offers actual good taste behind good visual. Try out this solid dessert place if you are visiting the Reading Terminal Market.We were at the Reading Terminal and so happy to know there was a Termini Bros location here. I heard we needed to try a cannoli from Termini and now I know why. I don't even have the words to describe how good they were and I'm not even a big fan of cannolis. These were delicious. The filling was not to sweet yet rich and full of flavor. You will want more. My biggest mistake was ordering only and sharing it! Don't make the same mistake I made. Order a few because you're gonna want more! They cost about $4 for each cannoli. Not cheapIt's a must stop anytime in Reading Terminal Market for a quick snack, if not for a large order.  Let me just preface this review that I've only come here for their cannoli's. 
Their cannoli's are sick.  The ricotta cheese with chocolate chip reigns king here as the go to order, though I'm a personal fan of the vanilla flavor.  The custard to carb combination is just one of a kind and has a great mix of texture against the cannoli shell.  The chocolate cannoli's come in at a not so distant third to the other flavors.
A bit pricey for each, but worth the coin for a quick snack or dozen.Working in striking distance to Termini Brothers Bakery is dangerous- both to my wallet and my waistline.
I have suddenly realized at about 4pm on a Friday that I offered to bring dessert to dinner and Termini Brothers has immediately been my go to. The cheesecakes, Tiramisu, and Chocolate Cakes are all to die for.
However, my most recent experience with them has made them stand out even more- about a week before my wedding I realized I never ordered a groom's cake for the rehearsal dinner- it was on my to do list, but things like weddings have a way of sneaking up on you.
I ran down there and talked to an employee and they had me covered. For about $100- I got a red velvet cake with Phillies decorations on it which was supposed to serve 35-50 people. 
All the guests at the rehearsal dinner were raving about the cake - the amazing cream cheese frosting, how delicious the red velvet cake part was and how well they decorated it. In fact, I ended up eating it the next morning while getting ready- and it was STILL amazing. 
Definitely can't go wrong here!While we were walking around the touristed-out Reading Terminal Market, my wife needed to boost her blood sugar level.  We were standing in front of this Termini operation, so she asked the counter clerk for a biscotti and bottle of water.   The woman acted like we were idiots, rude-splaining that since biscotti is sold by the pound, there's no way she could sell just one.  So much for brotherly love, eh?When we get to Philly we always try to stop in. Hands down the best cannolis and coconut macaroons around. If you park at the garage across the street, they will validate parking if you spend more than 10 dollars which brings it down to 5 dollars if you are there less than an hour.Wow!!!! Best Cannoli's ever. Attended a Subaru celebration event after Reading Terminal closed for the day. I had to finish my evening with a cannoli. Wow!!! What can I say but amazing!!! Perfect crunch and the filling was incredible. Cannot wait to have these again!! Service was the best!!!On a journey to find some great Philly gifts to take to friends who were kindly allowing me to stay at their house for 10 days during my vacation, I ventured out to...where else but Reading Terminal Market?! 
Prior to entering, I was really unsure what to buy. Now...I pride myself on being a pretty good gift-giver, and so I didn't want to disappoint. I had landed on food. But now my dilemma was..."Well...what foods?!" And being inside Reading Terminal Market without a plan was not one of my better and smarter moves. I did a round and landed on La Colombe coffee and some sweet treats from Philly brands. I stopped by Termini Bros Bakery who had a large La Colombe sign. I hadn't realized at the time that I was actually at Termini Bros and just bought the coffee. Had I realized it, I would have easily just bought some treats there. Oh well. 
The employee who helped me was very kind and even suggested other locations for some of the other La Colombe blends (they only carried Corsica). I let her know that while I prefer a different blend, it wasn't a big deal because it was a gift. The fact that she was willing to help me find the product that I really preferred says a lot. AND it was CHEAPER than where I get my coffee in my neighborhood! 
Anyways, I love Reading Terminal Market and I really appreciated the kindness of Termini Bros. I will absolutely go back! Love it!The best cannoli I've ever had was on a vacation in Greece. Crispy and crunchy outer shell, creamy fresh filling with just the right amount of sweetness. The cannoli here stirs my memory and let's me relive the joy of biting into deliciousness. Definitely worth a try.Super friendly staff & great pastries. I bought a chocolate chip ricotta filled cannoli & a bag of freshly ground coffee. They gave me a sample of the coffee with a biscotti to try. The coffee had no sugar or milk & it was still delicious. I would highly recommend visiting if you are ever in Philly!i haven't been to the main termini bakery- only the one in reading terminal market. i've gotta say, they were a lifesaver the first time i went, and I came all the way back a few months later just for a cannoli. 
i was in the area for a conference at the convention center and it was the few days before a friend's baby shower. among other things, i was in charge of the cake. luckily, the staff at termini accommodated my last-minute order and whipped up a beautiful and super delicious cake with less than 24-hr notice. the cake was perfectly moist, with a great cake-to-filling ratio. the buttercream wasn't overly sweet. it really was perfect. the decorations were adorable, and the price was very reasonable.
and the cannoli. as if it's not in a ton of the other reviews: the cannoli is amazingggg. the filling is the perfect creamy, ricotta-y, not grainy, not too sweet, not too thick kind, which is hard to find. the ratio of chocolate chips is just right. skip the powdered sugar. even the cannoli shell, which i usually don't eat, is a great texture and crumbles just right with every bite- i ate the whole thing. no, i don't regret it (i'll just have to remember that at the gym later)... yes, i came all the way back to philly for one (just one, i promise. the rest were for my uh, family. yeah.)
one thing, though, on the cannolis: there's no way one cannoli should cost $4. just sayin.We  were at Reading Terminal Market when we chanced upon Termini Bros Bakery.  We bought a pound of Anise Biscotti and Cherry Walnut Biscottis to bring home to enjoy.
We enjoyed the Biscottis 4 days later.  The Anise Biscottis were excellent with my morning coffee.  Strong Anise aroma.
The Cherry Walnut Biscottis were sweet with the Walnuts playing second fiddle.
Both were perfect with the BJs drip Coffee  I prepare at home.
Service at the Reading Terminal Market was fast, friendly and efficient.The go to place for cannoli. The fact that they fill them fresh makes a huge difference & the quality is unbeatable. I now live in NC and wish they would open a location in the south!Giddyup! Everything here looked amazing but the gals said they were famous for their cannoli, so I thought I'd give it a shot. I asked for one of those but was hoping it might have some chocolate or something on it, which it didn't, but I was not disappointed. It was pretty freaking amazing though and I'd definitely go back!This Termini Bros Bakery shop in the Reading Terminal Market has all sorts of baked goods to delight your senses. Choose from cookies, pastries, cakes, pies, and more. However, their most notable item is their cannoli, so this is what I tried. I wouldn't quite rank it up there with cannoli from Boston (or actual Italy, I'd imagine). But it was creamy and indulgent, and it certainly hit the spot. So if you have a sweet treat craving, count on Termini Bros to satisfy.The bakery is awesome. There are so many choices. The staffs are friendly. The price is fair.Their cannolis are delicious! They have plenty of pastries and cakes to choose from. Excellent service as well!I rarely visit Reading Terminal these days, but had to stop in today because I was in the area and I had a sweet tooth. Where else can I get a great Cannoli this side of South street? Termini Bros was just the answer. I got a cannoli, tiramisu, and chocolate cake. The desserts are pretty, let's start there. The cakes are moist, light, and no one flavor is overpowering. Let's not forget the cannoli, I went with the chocolate since I'm a chocoholic and what a treat.This review is only for the ricotta + chocolate chip cannoli:
It is wonderful. Fantastic! One of the best cannolis I've ever had, if not the best. It has the perfect amount of sweetness and a beautiful light consistency, complimented by the chocolate chips. The shell is even good too. 
Must try!I came for the cannolis. My Bostonian coworker came with me and also got one. It was hard for him, but he admitted that this cannoli was better than the ones from Boston. If that's not the best review for a cannoli ever, then I'm not sure what is.I went to Termini Bros because they are one of the "tried and true" bakeries I've come to depend on. My daughter and I went to the original location on 8th street only to find it closed although online it stated it was open. I purchases a birthday cake and two small tirmisus...all of which were stale and gross. I dont mean one day old either. The tiramisu tasted at least a week old. Even the coffee bean on top was stale. Never the hell again. The only  saving grace was the cannolis which were fresh and delicious. If you go, get the cannoli!!Leave the gun, take the cannoli...Cannoli cannoli cannoli... (nothing else).We tried the carrot cake and it was pretty delicious! Will go back for their famous cannoli.Everyone comes for their cannolis, which are freshly filled with pastry cream. The cream is surprisingly light and not overly sweet, and the shells are made well.  It's nice to be able to watch them assemble the cannolis there.  I wish they had other flavors (chocolate dipped??  I'm thinking Mike's and Modern in Boston.)
Other bakery items looked more like generic Italian pastries and cookies, but cannolis are worth trying.This is my favorite bakery in reading terminal market. I love their rum cake and cannoli cake.Dessert heaven!! I love termini brothers! They have a variety of sweet treats to choose from. I got the tiramisu cake from here and it did not disappoint. The desserts taste as good as they look!! Definitely a must try!!I dare you to walk past their bakery case and resist wanting all of the things. A stop at Termini Bros Bakery is a must when visiting Reading Terminal Market. All of their baked goods look delicious but I'm only after one item: cannoli! A nice crunch to the shell and plenty of filling (and mini chocolate chips!). You will notice a couple of small pieces of candied citron in the filling which I could do without but doesn't affect the overall taste too much. 
I received great service from the staff. I just wish that I was able to buy the cannoli unfilled so that I could bring home cannoli for days without them getting soggy.I'm in love with this place! If you have sweet tooth & love pastry like me, you will love this place. It was my first time to try the Italian dessert "Cannoli" and the experience was amazing! Their must try signature/original cannoli with ricotta cheese filling was so delicious (not too sugary sweet like other American desserts)! I will 3000% coming back here to try all their other Italian desserts!! I will also visit the other locations of this bakery to try out their cannoli if there is difference :)Be prepared to stand in a huge line in this place. They have a variety of desserts ranging from tarts to pastries to cookies to cakes to meringue to canoli and the list goes on. Two things stood out for me in this place, canolis and biscotti. I took the canoli with vanilla custard filling instead of ricotta cheese. The custard was light and not very sweet and canoli shell was crispy. There was a good proportion of filling  as well.You know what's the worst? 
...when your cannoli pastry gets soft and soggy because the too-liquidy ricotta cream has sat inside of it for too long.
You know what's the best?
...when your cannoli is filled to order with the creamiest, thickest most subtly sweet ricotta and chocolate chip cream that you've ever had the pleasure of indulging in.We were visiting Philly during COVID, and luckily Reading Market was considered an essentail business. Even with said, sadly, some places were still closed.
Luckily Termini Brothers was open. My husband and I stopped by for a late breakfast. There was so such to choose from. My husband loves pastries. He got a wide assortment. I went with their cannoli. It was so good!! 
Also the person behind the counter was friendly and personable!!Do Ya know the intro to duck tales ? The part where scrooge Mcduck does a swan dive into a pile of coins ? 
Well, substitute coins for cannoli filling and that's me if I'm a Millionaire. 
I'm not sure how it'll be done or if it's even possible but hey, I can dream. 
You know you have a food problem ... or eating disorder when you find yourself using a spoon to steal the filling from the extra cannoli's that you didn't need in the first place. Less calories if you don't eat the shell right ? F me. I have issues. 
Like the location on 8th Street in South Philly, Termini's gets it right. 
I've had several visits to Termini's over the years and never had anything bad. 
Definitely my favorite bakery in Philly
(Stocks for pound cake)
Cheesecake,cookies,cupcakes and their cannolis are literally the best in Philly (in my opinion) 
Pricey ? Yes. Worth it ? Yes. 
Side note : I ran into my cousin while waiting in line (It's a small world) When asked what she recommends, she said everything. 
So go ahead and pick anything.I dream about their cannolis and they never let me down!  I love the reading terminal and this is one of the stars in the terminal. They are usually always busy and although they are usually fast it is such a small little congested area.  
They can be pricey but I think the price is totally worth it. The cannoli cream is the best ever and the shell has the right firmness without being to firm. They fill the cannolis with the ricotta mixture to order. The other desserts look divine.  I bought my grandmother a cream puff and she enjoyed it. 
If you are in the reading terminal you must check them out.Came here for the cannoli and I was not disappointed! The shell was crispy and the filling was rich. Probably can't eat it too often tho haha.I love Termini Brothers... 
This bakery is awesome..
However I didnt like the dirty look she shot after someone of "color" asked for a job application...  Im not a shallow person and I know what I saw we not in the 1960's grow up lady
This wont affect me not coming here but I think I'll skip and go to Comcast Center....5 stars for the cannoli's, 2.5 - 4 for everything else.
These are probably the best cannoli's I've ever had, or at least top two. 
The chocolate chip ricotta filling is creamy and rich, and they squeeze it out in front of you, so the shell doesn't get soggy. It's really heavy though so I suggest sharing. ($4 for 1)
Other stuff: Their tiramisu isn't great. The entire thing is just pretty dry and bland (I don't think they soak their lady fingers in espresso). The cheesecakes are pretty good but not the best I've ever had. German almond cookies are good. 
Just get the cannoli.I chose Termini Bros Bakery for my first dessert experience at Reading Terminal Market, and I'm so glad that I did. Surprisingly, it was one of the few bakeries still open during the time I went (around 5:30 PM).
This bakery has a wide spread of cakes, mini cakes, cheesecakes, and more. All the cakes were beautiful, and my friend ordered a Tiramisu cake and had some birthday customization done; the final product looked great. We sampled some pound cake, which was absolutely delicious and moist and soft. After sampling, I knew I had to pick up something from the bakery.
I wanted something small but something sweet, so I decided to choose between the cheesecake slices. At $4 a slice, they had the following flavors: pumpkin, marble,and plain (New York). I ended up going for the marble (I'm a chocolate lover at heart, even though I did momentarily pause to consider the seasonal pumpkin flavor). 
The cheesecake was so, so good. Perfect texture and consistency, just cheese-like enough to ACTUALLY feel like cheesecake. With hints of vanilla and chocolate, each bite was sweet. I finished the whole slice and wanted more. It wasn't too sweet for me or too rich for me which I also really liked. The temperature of the cheesecake slice, which is also really important to me in evaluating my desserts (especially cheesecake), was on point-- I like mine slightly cold so that the cheesecake doesn't taste too soft or mushy. 
I definitely will be back here to sample more of their desserts. Service was also excellent, and the women working behind the counter took the time to explain all of the different flavors, etc. Great experience overall and I definitely recommend getting something to satisfy your sweet cravings here while at Reading Terminal Market!Competitor for the best pastries in South Philadelphia. Their ricotta cannoli are excellent, and so are their rum babas. The decor is perfect: they even have a small band playing on weekends and holidays. And there is even a parking lot. Cannot recommend enough.Absolutely amazing cannoli. They also gave us a free amaretto cookie that was so delicious it took me right back to my childhood and into my grandmother's kitchen. Needless to say we plan to go back the day we leave to pick up some goodies to go!! My husband has now proclaimed we must go into the city every time we visit my parents in the suburbs in order to get some Termini's!Oh how I used to love Termini's! My family has been going here for years before I was ever even thought of. I have always held them as my favorite bakery until I recently came here and picked up some pastries. First off their prices are astronomical. For 3 cannoli, 3 sfogliatelle, and 2 rum baba it was $32. The rum baba tasted like dry dough covered in sugar water. The sfogliatelle also seemed drier and just not as tasty as I remember. I am disappointed the quality is going down and the prices seem to keep going up. After years of being a loyal customer, I am sorry to say but it seems time to move on.Termini Brother's bakery (in the Terminal Market) has a cannoli so good it will make you want to kidnap the not so friendly Italian lady behind the counter and force her to make you those orgasms topped with powdered sugar everyday. We got the sweet ricotta one with mini chocolate chips and a sprinkle of powered sugar. Did I mention they were beyond delicious? I also ordered a large, juicy chocolate covered strawberry. The strawberry was super fresh and only a dollar. The cannoli was $3, we split it and it was the best three bucks I spent all day. I don't know who the Termini Brother's are but they could move to DC and live with my mother for free, yelpers put the word out.I've only ever had a cheese cannoli here because I go there so rarely that I can't not get one.  
It's the best.  Like almost sex good.  Need I say more?
Oh yeah, I think I had biscotti there once when I was really young and while vague, I'm pretty sure it rocked.Disappointed----Termini Brothers--- is not a real 'Old World' Italian bakery they portray to be.  Yes, their desserts are somewhat good, but I felt they lack flavor & authenticity.   On their www they claim how loyal they are to their family's 80 year old recipes.....Hmmmm, didn't know they use Trans Fats in 1921!!..... Some will roll your eyes and say "who cares when it comes to a cannoli!"... Calories aside, if I am going to splurge, I want to eat real, quality ingredients, not some crappy chemicals & hydrolyzed fat that is use to triple its shelf life!Let me begin by saying me and my sister will travel for food...and we have.  We have traveled the country, as well as outside the country.  Termini Bros. ranks as one of the best.  Surprisingly, when I tell people about Termini Bros.  I don't talk about the great desserts first.  The best thing about Termini Bros. is the customer service.  The women were very attentive, knowledgeable, and friendly; I believe their names were Alissa and Aliya.  Aliya took us for tour.  
Now to the dessert.  Me and my sister were on our South Philly food run and parked in front of Termini Bros.  We accessed Yelp, read some reviews and decided to stop in before we went to Cosmi's Deli (which was great too).  We ordered a slice of rum cake, a white cupcake, all of the cannolis flavors, and a mini carrot cake.  Alissa gave us a free slice of chocolate chip cake.  Our favorite was the mini carrot cake and second was the chocolate chip cake.  On our next South Philly food run we will definitely go get a mini carrot cake to eat after our Cosmi's sandwiches:-).Hands-down the most amazing cannoli that you'll ever have!  Add Termani Brothers to your foodie bucket list.  The shell has an amazing crispness and the filling has a smooth flavor that goes on for miles without being too sweet.  I personally recommend the traditional chocolate chip variety, but they do have vanilla or chocolate available too.
I have them listed as "My Last Meal On Earth" in my Yelp profile for a reason! ;)
If you are taking visitors around the city or a visitor yourself then you should know that this location is within walking distance of Pat's & Gino's.  Go there for lunch and come here for dessert!One thing I must preface this review with, is that I'm basing it on only one item at the bakery, the Ricotta Connoli, but WHAT AN ITEM!!! I've had a vast amount of connolis in my life, but I have to say that Termini Bros tops them all. They fill the shells right in front of you as you order them and the shells are so incredibly crunchy they provide a perfect contrast to the filling. The Ricotta filling was absolute perfection. Creamy, rich but not overly sweet, it just could not be any better. At $4.00 for one connoli, you might say it is a bit pricey...that is until you take a bite! Then you'd happily pay twice that. If you're in Philly, get to the Reading Terminal Market and have one for dessert, after your DiNic's Roast Pork, but that is another review.So basically I am throwing down the big Five Star Rating for the cannoli. Best cannoli I have ever had resides here. 
This is pretty much the only reason I wish I lived in Philadelphia. I went to the Reading Terminal Market and walked by their location in here, and knew I had to try something from Termini Brother's. 
All the desserts looked awesome, so it was hard to choose just one to try. Everything is homemade and fresh. When I saw the cannoli shells, I knew that was it for me. Cannoli, here I come. 
The girl behind the counter was extremely patient with me as I asked questions about their desserts. She remained friendly when I decided on a simple cannoli, and gave me three choices, chocolate filling, ricotta with chocolate chips filling and vanilla. I went with vanilla, because it's simple and I mean hey, you can get a ricotta cannoli everywhere, right? 
She piped the vanilla filling into the shell and served it up. I took a seat at one of the tables next to their booth and chowed down. So happy. It tasted like you want a cannoli to taste (well, a vanilla one). The shell was perfectly crispy, but didn't completely fall apart when I took a bite, and the few stray pieces stuck to the vanilla filling nicely. The vanilla inside was tasty and not overpowering of the delicate shell, and not too sweet, which I was afraid it might be. 
I definitely could have eaten 3 or 4 of them (don't judge, I love food), but stuck to splitting the one I had with my boyfriend (lucky for him I was willing to share). 
If you are in the Philly area you should really try this place for all their yummy looking authentic Italian baked goods, and don't forget to order a cannoli and eat it while it's fresh (try not to share; be selfish about it).This place is a gem. Seriously tasty baked goods. We were offered a sample of the Lemon Cooler cake and it was over. We took one home. The employees were very friendly and helpful. My Aunt was right this place is the Best!!! No wonder she would drive from the shore for birthday cake. Try this place. You'll love it!I've been going here since I was a kid. We usually stop in and pick up things for special occasions (Most recently a rum cake for my brother's birthday) or just because we're in the city and want the best cannoli we can find.
Service was helpful and very kind as always. The workers are always willing to answer questions about things and they're always careful about wrapping things up when you're done. So I will mention that it's not the best place to go if you're in a hurry.
This time I got a limoncello pastry form myself and it was AMAZING. Enough lemon to be tart without being too lemony. Not overly sweet. Perfect. I think I found my new go-to dessert when I stop in.Every time I go into Philly I stop in for some treats.  The last time I was in I was very sad to find out that you stopped making the Fruit Tart.  Please...Please ...Please would you bring this item back????????  I travel close to 2 hours to get this item plus some other sweets.  The cannoli's are awesome too.  Please let me know so I can come pick some Fruit tars up...Please.  No other bakery (that I know of) makes them the same way.  All use a custard base which I'm not a fan of.What an excellent little find - off the beaten path. The cannoli was one of the finest, crispiest, hand-filled ones I can remember. The smell of the place alone is enough to conjure images of an Italian wedding.Amanda was so helpful yesterday! I would love to walk in and just be able to look around a bit before the tray comes out BUT she was so helpful and easy going.  She was so nice to my kids and really made it an experience for them.  I have been going to TBB since I was a kid and I hope to keep the tradition going.  The ricotta cannolis are so good!  Also got the Pignoli cookies for my grand mom and while I always have sticker price shock with those cookies I know how expensive pine nuts are and how good the cookies are.  My grand mom was so excited to see them.When you think of South Philly bakeries, none comes to mind more prominently than the original Termini Brothers Bakery on 8th St. Often times, institutions cannot live up their their huge reputations. This place is the exception that proves the rule. 
What more could you want out of a bakery? From the comfortable buzz of the neon sign outside to the old style black and white tiles inside, this place has it all. It just feels like home. The pastries are laid out in the middle of the room, family style on an island. The aroma is decadent. It is truly indescribable how overpowering it is walking through the door. You have smelled bakeries before, but until you go into Termini's, you just dont know how good a bakery can smell. 
The service is wonderful. South Philly girl dressed in Termini's unmistakable white scrubs kindly assist in picking out the pasteries. They are a wealth of information. 
As for the sweets, my god. The cannoli is nothing short of perfect. The shell is crunchy and darker than most. The ricotta filling is unearthly. Heavier, creamier than most, this is a serious dessert. I have been getting these cannolis for over 20 years, and I have yet to find one that can compete. 
The cakes are amazing. Their Italian cream- yes please.  Tarrone, a seasonal favorite, is looked forward to be many as a sure sign of cooler weather. Hell, even the boxes they use inspire nostalgia and a whet pallet.
If I had to choose a last meal, it would go like this. Fried mac n cheese balls from the Sidecar. Royal burger. Kenzinger. And I would top it off with a cup of coffee and a cannoli from Terminis. 
It's that fucking good.You have to go here the day before Easter. They've got all kinds of stuff to bring to dinner your people will love. And they had an accordion and bass player there, which they've apparently had for years. It was probably among the busiest days of the year for them, which really just made it a fun experience. Oh and the cannoli? Delicious. Best shell around.I had my first Cannoli here and I will never forget it. It was a life altering experience. It was fresh, tasty, not too sweet and crispy! They dont fill them until you order, put it in a lovely white box and tie it up with string, old school style! I loved it!
THANK YOUI don't have much of a sweet tooth, but thanks to Termini Bros, I am a total cannoli convert. I bought a box full of mini cannoli for my office mate's birthday and they were a HUGE hit among my coworkers. Everything here is freshly made with attention to quality and detail. The ricotta and chocolate chip filling is so rich and decadent that you'll want to shamelessly lick any stray filling off of your fingers to savor every last possible bite. The crunchy shell provides the perfect textural complement to the creamy filling. The girl who rang up my order was great too: she was sweet and friendly while also being professional, efficient, and respectful of the fact that I was on my way to work. My only regret is setting the bar for birthdays way too high... Now I'm doomed to buy my coworkers' loyalty with cannoli forevermoreBest cannolis ever.  This is also the GO TO PLACE for St. Joseph's Day Cakes.  They are delicious and not overly sweet.  
Make sure that you put an order in ahead of time around Holidays (and things like St. Joseph's Day) because they're SUPER busy.The trip to Philly began like any other - gym first thing in the morning, a drive to the airport, a quick 6am flight, and getting checked in at my "hotel" - this time a B+B on south 8th street, a mere block from Termini Brother's famous Pastries.  Despite having an aggressive site seeing and eating agenda I couldn't pass up such an opportunity and decided to start my vacation with a visit.  Entering the small pastry shop I was greeted by two pleasant females and a stern sign telling me "Please do not handle pastries."  Amused I browsed with my eyes while helping myself to some of the samples at the register - a pair of delectable fig and apricot cookies and some chocolate biscotti.
After browsing all the available choices I went with the obvious - two canolli, one with chocolate cream and chopped walnuts and the other with sweet ricotta, chocolate chips, and pistachio.  Paying the modest $6 fee I watched the bakers fill the pastries before the store clerk boxed and tied them with a bow and presented me with a delectable sample of warm cinnamon coffee cake from the kitchen.  
Making my way to the street I quickly dispatched with the bow and after a short debate decided to start with the chocolate canolli.  Featuring a buttery and crisp shell that gave way with an appropriate crunch I was greeted by a light cocoa cream and subtle notes of toasted nuts, light and smooth yet substantial and flavorful.  Impressed I moved on to the ricotta option - the clear cut winner and an absolute must order for any visitor to Philadelphia.  With an equally crispy shell the mildly lemon accented and texturally heterogeneous cheese speckled with nuts and chocolate chips was delightful, albeit significantly heavier than the chocolate cream.  While I cannot say I am a cannoli expert I have had a number in my life and the versions at Termini Brothers were every bit as good as the prior best.This is the real deal.  If you want the best italian pastries in Philly, this is where you want to go.  I love their biscotti, canolli, pecan bars, and teething cookies (another type of biscotti) the most.  They gave us one of the latter for free when we brought in our baby.  Highly knowledgeable staff who offer serving suggestions and tell you about new and special items for us regular customers.  The counter, floor, ambiance are all old school.  It's a fun and beautiful location even if you don't need a sweet treat.  But you know you need some sweets!  It's expensive but almost everything is worth the price.  Don't grab those pastries yourself!  Someone will wait on you personally if you give them a minute.  Much more 'old school' and knowledgeable staff vs. the Reading Terminal location though Reading Terminal also has my favorite treats.My first and very last experience wasn't good. Picked cupcake I wanted only to get followed around like I was going to not pay for it. The employee then asked to take cupcake from me until I was done. I didn't see any signs anywhere or anyone else being approached. Not only turned me off from returning but I've made better cupcakes from a box.Excellent selection and service.  The young lady behind the coutner found out it was our first time and brought us to the back to see the bakery process and wedding cake design.  She then gave us each mini ricotta cannolis.  Prices can be expensive, but seem about the same as many of the great homemade bakeries in the area ($5 sfogliatelle; $3-4? for cannoli).  Impeccable quality that makes it worth a walk.  The cannoli shell and filling were individually outstanding and they are combined at the time of order to guarantee freshness and synergy.  This location is where nearly everything is made.  The items are then shipped to their other locations, so the goodies are often freshest here and with better selections.::gasping for air::
Due to my very first visit at Termini Bros being an absolute success, I cannot breathe or sit comfortably in my jeans.  
Best cannolis I've ever had.  Perfect blend of ricotta and all the other heavenly ingredients that make that super tasty cannoli cream.  Not too sweet by any means and so so so smooth!  
We really came here to buy a birthday cake (supposed to be a short visit), but we ended up walking out with a few boxes of desserts - Um like $74 worth of sweets.  ::hiding my face::
Ask for Tareva, she's damn good at her job.  Exceptional customer service, super friendly, and she had the best recommendations! 
Reminder: Don't go in and start grabbing at the pastries - you'll have to get in line to place your order with someone directly.  
And again, get a cannoli.  Highly recommend the chocolate dipped almond claw.  With a hot cup of coffee, take a biscotti to go (so good and light!).  Skip the blondies - you should load up on your calories with all the cannolis with sprinkled powdered sugar on top!Stopped in over the weekend for the ever famous canoli which is always delicious! I was not pleased that nothing was marked in the store with regard to what things were or their corresponding prices. I felt like like they might give regulars better pricing and take advantage of the tourists or people who stop in less frequently. 
Don't go unless you have money to spend...
a whopping $50 for a large italian rum cake, $20./a pound for coconut macaroons!, $15.00 for a small cheesecake (not NY style)  and $4 & $5 for most desserts. Oh and the canoli's are $3.50 each but well worth it!Chocolate Chip Cannolis and Chocolate Cream Cannolis were the best!  And also this little pumpkin cake with cinnamon cream cheese frosting in layers.  OMG is all I can say.  Pricey, but a nice occasional treat.I'll make this short and "sweet", I went to my favorite bakery,Termini Bros today & bought a pineapple cheese cake, two cheese chocolate chip cannoli's & 2 chocolate cupcakes. The cheesecake had little to no pineapple in it ,the cannoli shells were greasy & the cupcakes were delicious as usual.
1 out of 3 is not acceptable for a Philadelphia institution such as this & especially not for the prices they charge!
I never thought I'd see the day when Termini's quality went downhill  but sadly today was that dayVery disappointed. I received a gift of cookies years ago from Termini and went out of my way to find the bakery while visiting Philadelphia. First of all the cookies were $20 per pound (which I foolishly paid!). The pastry were $4.50 each. I come from Boston and the best Italian bakeries are no more than $10 per pound and $3 for pastry.  Neither the cookies nor the pastry were anything special. Actually the pastry tasted stale and I purchased them on a Sunday morning.Be prepared to drop a small fortune at this place.  They're best known for their cannoli, sure, but don't stop there.  The mini cakes and eclairs are to die for (and will instantly give you much less room in your jeans just for staring at them coveteously!)  If you can get around how bad it is to park in South Philly, make it a point to go on a weekday.  If you go on a weekend, you're just asking for incredible lines.  Kind of worth it though!I cant stress this enough... GET THE CHOC COVERED BANANAS and you will die a happy person!Termini Bros is HEAVEN. Everything in here is phenomenal.
There are a few locations throughout the city, but this is the original. I like it because there is a large parking lot next door. 
When you enter the store, you are met by an employee with a metal tray. Don't go grabbing cookies on your on! That's what this employee is here for. They walk around with you and help you pick what you want. They stay with you for your entire visit.
My personal favorite thing in the entire place are the Pignoli / pine nut cookies. I can't get enough of them. My Brasilian family lose their minds over them! They are about $35lb, but well worth it in my opinion. They also have amazing canolis and coconut macaroons!
Termini Bros is a MUST STOP every time I visit the Philly area!Duh ... it's Termini Bros ... and it's Termini Bros on St. Joseph's Day. Double duh.
I blame Termini Bros for making me the proud pastry snob that I am. No other bakery will ever hold a candle to my precious Termini Bros Bakery. I usually go for cannoli, and periodically pick up something (everything) else that looks visually appealing. Today it was Termini Bros zeppoli. For some reason, I've never had this lightly fried, filled with cream pastry. Clearly, my pastry game is lacking. 
After parking, I walked in to find a short line. Duh ... it's Termini Bros on a Saturday. The wait was quick and someone was walking around with samples. When it was my turn, a young woman got a silver tray and I ordered my cannoli and decided to try to the zeppoli. She wrapped it up (even tied the box with the cannoli), I paid, and was on my way. $20 for four cannoli and one zeppoli. I was a bit taken aback and first and then realized -- I'M AT A REAL BAKERY, NOT A GROCERY STORE BAKERY. 
The zeppoli was really good. I loved the cream and the lightness of the pastry. I haven't devoured a cannoli yet, but I know what to expect -- nothing but greatness.
I'm really happy to see Termini Bros is still the same as it was when I was child. My now-deceased uncle took me there on Christmas Eve to pick up cannoli for Christmas and it was something I looked forward to every year. He would also randomly pick up Termini Bros for special occasions and celebratory moments. I really miss those days. I'm glad I can still get my Termini Bros fix and revisit those days with their pastries and cannoli. 
Keep it up, Termini family.Stopped in to grab some goodies for my Eagles tailgate. I was greeted by a very helpful young lady who assisted me with my shopping, gathering some cannoli for me and even offering me a taste test of a cookie to help me decide on what else to purchase. Outstanding service to complement a top-notch product.Old fashioned decor, friendly service, celebrities endorsements, ambrosial taste and a parking lot for a bakery! What else?I have received and sent various pastries from Termini Bros before over the mail before. I particularly enjoy their cookies - they go extremely well with coffee or tea. This Summer while on a family trip I made a point to stop by the actual bakery. I was not disappointed. The bakery is well kept and it has that old world charm that comes with age. The staff was extremely friendly and even offered a tour of the bakery once she knew we were from out of town. They have parking available for their customers and this can be an important thing to know... It's a hard thing to find parking in this city. We ordered a couple of boxes of their cookies and a cannoli - all delicious; better than the ones in Boston's North End. They even gave us a couple of free cupcakes for the kids!Just on their cake: We got chocolate chip cake. Very dense cake. Frosting is also dense buttercream. Little too sweet, little too heavy, but I know a lot of people like it. Definitely a heavy hit and definitely for people who like their desserts on heavier side. I love light fluffy chiffon cakes so this cake is the furthest away from my cake ideal. Chocholate chips didn't really add much to the flavor except for the texture (kind of like when you get java chip frappe at starbucks and you love the crunch but can't actually taste the chocolate that well). 
However! It is strangely addictive. I'm biting into it thinking meh I've had better but my hand just keeps shoving the next bite into my mouth. 
So for those you love frostings (I also hate buttercream frostings) and dense, dry-ish, big piece of cake, go for it.This is the same as the other listing - someone should condense these.
The trip to Philly began like any other - gym first thing in the morning, a drive to the airport, a quick 6am flight, and getting checked in at my "hotel" - this time a B+B on south 8th street, a mere block from Termini Brother's famous Pastries.  Despite having an aggressive site seeing and eating agenda I couldn't pass up such an opportunity and decided to start my vacation with a visit.  Entering the small pastry shop I was greeted by two pleasant females and a stern sign telling me "Please do not handle pastries."  Amused I browsed with my eyes while helping myself to some of the samples at the register - a pair of delectable fig and apricot cookies and some chocolate biscotti.
After browsing all the available choices I went with the obvious - two canolli, one with chocolate cream and chopped walnuts and the other with sweet ricotta, chocolate chips, and pistachio.  Paying the modest $6 fee I watched the bakers fill the pastries before the store clerk boxed and tied them with a bow and presented me with a delectable sample of warm cinnamon coffee cake from the kitchen.  
Making my way to the street I quickly dispatched with the bow and after a short debate decided to start with the chocolate canolli.  Featuring a buttery and crisp shell that gave way with an appropriate crunch I was greeted by a light cocoa cream and subtle notes of toasted nuts, light and smooth yet substantial and flavorful.  Impressed I moved on to the ricotta option - the clear cut winner and an absolute must order for any visitor to Philadelphia.  With an equally crispy shell the mildly lemon accented and texturally heterogeneous cheese speckled with nuts and chocolate chips was delightful, albeit significantly heavier than the chocolate cream.  While I cannot say I am a cannoli expert I have had a number in my life and the versions at Termini Brothers were every bit as good as the prior best.Termini Brother's has the absolute best cannoli in the city! I've always gone to the location in South Philly on Packer in the Chickie's and Pete's shopping center. There's nothing better than wasting two days worth of calories on a Chickie's meal followed up by a Termini Brother's cannoli. I highly recommend! I'm not a coffee drinker but got a coffee here before and it was delicious also.If you are looking for truly authentic Italian pastries, Termini Brothers is the place to go.
I would recommend the location in South Philly in the Italian Market to get the whole experience, but it really doesn't matter which location you choose because they are all A-Maaaaazing.  
My last visit was during the Italian Market Festival, so the streets were packed and Termini's had a booth outside as well.  In the booth they could not keep the cannolis "on the shelf" for lack of a better term.  There was a little Italian man furiously squeezing that delicious ricotta cheese into the shells as people were snatching them up left and right.  I love the cannolis with ricotta and chocolate chips, yum!  You really can't go wrong with anything you get at Termini's.Termini's is the place for cannolis. I've had " the best"  of NYC, Jersey, Long Island, and Boston. Termini's are better than all those. But 25 other reviews have already told you that. Cookies are great Italian versions. The cakes, well, honestly, I've had better. But as examples of Italian-American classics, they are damned- good.
But to really experience Termini's go on a Saturday morning or early afternoon in the weeks leading up to Christmas. It will be worth the trip. Nothing rings in the Holidays like a trip to Termini's! By-pass the Reading Terminal booth, and immerse yourself in the ambiance of the original in S. Philly!Everything Ive purchased here has been amazing. Friendly staff. The BEST cannolis! Great selection. Free parking. Everything smells and looks so good you will end up walking out with twice as much as you planned!Walking into Termini's is like stepping into hell!
This is a good thing, though, since everything is soooooo sinfully good. I am uber picky about my baked goods and rarely like to eat any other pastries except for my own, but these are just to die for.
The fruit tarts are my special favorite! I remember the first time I had them: back in my grade school years my mom babysat my neighbor's two youngest children when she was called to work unexpectedly and to say thank you she brought us back a dozen of these tropical looking tart things that I inhaled over the course of the evening. Ever since then you have to keep me away from those fruity goddesses or I will be on the treadmill for a year!
The eclairs and canolis are equally, if not more, sinful. Notice I keep using the word "sinful" because they truly are. Only the devil can think up these hedonistic little bits of mouthwatering orgies! Only he would want us to turn into fat bubbling slobs stuffed with creamy goodness and frosty toppings! Damn you!
Someone I know says that the owners are stuck up assholes but I would be to if I was that good.Great cannolis. The rest of their offerings seem to be a mixed bag. I really liked the cheesecake, but was not a fan or the carrot cake.
A bit of a warning - I once went to the location at Reading Terminal Market and paid with a $20 bill. I only got change back like I paid for a $5, and had to correct her to get my full change. I normally chalk this up to an honest mistake, but the way she reacted to me really make me think that it was intentional (she even brought over another employee over to the register to see if I paid with a $20, but the money was already put away into the drawer so what would the other employee have been able to verify?) Anyway, just make sure you know what you're paying with if you go.This place was recommend to my friends and I when we had a long layover in Philly. The staff was amazing! They answered all our questions as it was our first time visiting. We opted for the carrot cake cupcake and the chocolate chip cookies. Both were good!The best cannolis in Philadelphia!! I've never been to their shop - I just pick them up at Redding Terminal.
WWJD - he would buy his canolis from Termini Brothers, that's what he'd do.
Don't get me started on chocolate chip cannolis - anything but plain is an abomination in my book.
I look forward to every trip to Philadelphia partly because of these incredible cannolis - thanks Termini Brothers!!!The best ,but won't sell cannoli unshelled so if you want to bring to friends the shell will be soggy. You can order on line andnoay shipping.   If you want shells and filling separate go to Potitos at 16th and Ritner.Termimi's is the spot to be! I know the prices can seem a little high but you get what you pay for. My favorite as kid was the cupcake. So Simple but SO tasty! I definitly recommend!To me, this is the best of all of the Termini locations.  Although there is no place to sit, the neighbrhood it is in gives it a true Italian feel. On weekends, there are often musicians inside the front door playing as you browse their aisles of goodness. Samples are abound and you get the one on one attention you deserve. You can't find this at the often busy and understaffed Reading Terminal location, or the corporate feeling Comcast Center location.
Of course the Canollis are the best. My favorite are the ones with chocolate chips, but you have read that in the other reviews here on Yelp. If you get a chance, definitely visit this location!Excellent pastries! I had their Cannoli and Tiramisu. They have a big selection of pastries. Make sure you grab a number. I didn't have to wait too long though.Can I just base my review around the standard-issue Termini staff uniform that is somewhere between cannoli nurse but also closer to actual nurse? I love it! It's so clean, but also makes me feel a false sense of security like I might actually start telling them about my daily migraine headaches (sup with that, anyway?) instead of sticking to my bakery order which, I'm sure, is a migraine headache to them.
The thrill and allure of cannoli has worn off for me. I don't like to brag (I LOVE to brag), but as a lifelong South Philly hoodrat, you kind of ingest your life's worth of cannoli by age three. You are then left, if you're lucky, with years to navigate the baked goods system without ever needing to try another ricotta-filled shell.
I am a sucker for the cakes. Strawberry shortcake? Those shiny, glazy, chocolatey ones? Italian cream? Yes, and forever! There's something special about a Termini's cake that I can only describe as seductive and expensive, much like the best kinds of women. I can say that. I am one. A woman, at least. Not the best kind.
Do yourself a favor and bring a cake, any Termini cake, to someone you love or someone you want to love you back. They're that powerful.I recently ordered a cake for my husband's birthday and it was truly delicious. I'm not even a big cake lover but I had seconds....so yummy. It was vanilla cake with lemon curd filling and vanilla frosting. They let me customize it with the lemon and made it with only a few days notice. Their customer service is top notch....friendly staff and very helpful.Cup cakes are the best love the vanilla yummy the staff is amazing very pleasant and helpful Love the 8th street storeThis used to be one of the best, if not THE best, Italian bakery in Philly. But if the stale cannoli I bought this morning at Reading Terminal Market for $4 is any indication, they have gone downhill. A cannoli shell is supposed to be delicate. Not thick, hard to difficult to chew. Obviously, they are no longer serving freshly made cannoli shells and are storing them for god knows how long. You'll find fresher, better cannoli at Isgro's.Get the cheese cannoli. So good. Like oh-my-god, holy-crap, this is f-in amazing good.They were good at one time I think once the owner passed away it ended everythingExcellent pastries, excellent care, top-notch product and professionalism. A little pricey but still very reasonable considering how strong their product, and customer service to boot, is. Highly recommend them, if you live in Jersey, like I do, or Philly, or are nearby.the cannolis are awesome.  termini even has this pocket pastry with chocolate chip cannoli cream in it.  it's a little rich, so you might want to split it with someone.  i love their vanilla cupcakes with sprinkles.  it's satisfying, but still somewhat light and airy.  the chocolate cupcakes are a little too sweet for my taste.  
oh, their almond horns are really tasty too. if you like marzipan, you'll really like termini's almonds horns.I cannot say enough about this place. The history alone is worth the trip but the pastries are incredible. I had the ricotta cannoli was out of this world. If in philly this is a must go!Their baked goods are great but they try to pressure me into buying more every time I go in there. I just want a cannoli, not a high pressure sales situation.Love all their cakes!!
super yummy and the prices are worth it =)
staff are friendly .
they always offer you samples of their cakeThe best cannoli ever.  This location supplies all their others and when you are in their bakery you feel like you have stepped back in time.  Sinatra music, a beautiful tin ceiling, and a classic old cash register. The desserts were amazing, cannoli, chocolate covered bananas, pecan chocolate bars, cupcakes.  You can't go wrong.BEST CANNOLIS EVER! The one in Washington Twp. Nj and RTM are just as good!  They do funny things to me those cannolis! Wooohoooo!Wonderful cakes. I love the fact that they make small sizes (as oppose to having to buy a full sized cake). I ordered the mini tiramisu and was delighted by its taste! It had a strong coffee flavor and was super moist. Highly recommend making room for this place.This place is legendary. 
A staple in Philadelphia history with so many different sweet treats to choose from. The staff is always friendly and considerate, plus they are always giving out free samples. (It just makes you get more!!!)
As soon as you step in front of the store, you can smell the fresh baked goodness. 
If there is one thing that is the quintessential Philadelphia dessert in my opinion, it is hands down the Cannoli at Termini's. 
I took my girlfriend from out of town because she has never even had a cannoli. She didn't think it was going to be as good as I claimed, but now she is hooked!
Always a repeat customer!Termini's will always have my heart as well as my stomach.  Since I was a wee sprat we always got our special holiday treats here -- cannoli for a family party or gingerbread ladies on a trip to the city before Christmas. 
The aroma of the bakery precedes the sight of the old-school Art Nouveau neon sign, directing you inside where stern signs warn you not to touch anything.  A white-coated lady will fill your box with cookies, biscotti, sfogliatelle (clamshell pastry) and finally, freshly-filled cannolli.  Ricotta cannoli are the only kind we get -- I never was into the pastry cream type. 
If you are seeking classic, not-too-sweet Italian cookies, the amaretti, taralli and pine nut cookies are wondrous.  Termini will even package cannoli for travel, and send you on your way with an expertly packaged box of shells, and the loaded pastry bags to fill them. They even ship this setup, chilled, across the USA.Year after year, Termini doles out the world's best cannoli, period, end of story. To the Italian bakeries of Boston's North End, my condolences.I'm giving Termini's an extra star. I still stand by my price concerns, but after my review they contacted me, explained some of the cost-quality issues, and offered to give my daughter and I a "behind the scenes" tour!  You can't ask for better service.I loved the huge sign on the building, the art deco front door and the old world vibe of the place!  When you come inside the baked goods a lined up in the cases and in the middle aisle of the store as shown in the pictures.  It's pretty impressive.
We stopped in to get several things for a party.  Of all the things we had I'd have to say the cannolis were some of the best I've ever had!  Jam packed with that creamy cheese and the shell was nice and fresh.  Good thing I don't live here by or I would be a frequent visitor!Honestly, I prefer the Termini Brothers location in the Comcast Center. There's no etiquette about handling the pastries because they're all in plastic cases already, there's no burly women scolding customers, it's never eerily empty, and what's with the $20.00 box of cookies? Okay, so maybe they're worth it, and maybe the burly woman is part of the South Philly charm of the place, but still. I don't buy it. The cannolis are good, but I think I may have OD'ed on them this year, much like how I OD'ed on Oatmeal Cream Pies in 2004 and haven't been able to look at one since. 
I was going to go with two stars, but I tacked another one on because when I walked in they were playing that Andrea Bocelli song that Carmela Soprano was constantly listening to, and that Will Ferrell sang at the Catalina Wine Mixer at the end of Step Brothers and I am always tickled pink when I hear that song.Not 24/7!!!!  Closes at 7 most nights.
I'm a cheapskate, but I recognize when something's worth a splurge.  Ricotta cannoli are totally worth the $4.South Philly at its best!
Fresh Pitzelles worth every penny. Canolis to die for. I'm not much of a cake guy, but the wife and daughter love the cakes here as well.
It's tough to be in depth because it's literally just really really great food. The staff is friendly and always happy to be there. Do yourself a favor and check this place out.Absolutely the best pastries I have ever had...anywhere. Yesterday we stopped by for the St. Joseph Day pastries and they were amazing. Furthermore I served them 6 hours later and they were still amazing on a damp and rainy day. That is is fresh quality baking.Five stars for the cakes I always order, four stars for the service. They make the best cakes for any occasion. My first visit was rather unpleasant, the people weren't too friendly. But the second visit was wonderful. In essence every visit should be a good experience. Otherwise overall a great place!On a day off from work I found myself driving aimlessly through South Philly, and at one point noticed a large, lumbering building on my left as I drove along S. Eighth St. The name jumped off the building at me, probably for all the times I've seen their logo at Reading Terminal Market.
So I peeked in and asked a nice lady behind the counter, "What's good?" She told me they were famous for their cannoli, which they had in three flavors. I took two of each. 
When she presented these mammoth pastries to me in a neat little box and asked if I wanted powdered sugar, I wasn't sure and asked her for her take on the situation. The other gal working chimed in, saying I needed the full experience if it was my first visit. "It's like lipstick on a pretty girl," she told me. Love it.
We ate the cannoli for dessert a few hours later, and without question, they were the best cannoli I've ever tasted. Of the three flavors, the creamy vanilla cream with chocolate chips was my favorite, but from top to bottom this was an amazing pastry experience.
And thanks again to the gals inside for their impeccable directions to John's Roast Pork. I'll be back, I promise.Went in here to get some cannolis! Even though they were packed, Victoria took great care of me and my friends! Wonderful customer service! Best cannolis I've ever had! They even gave me the shells and filling separately so they wouldn't go soggy before I served them. Big hit at Christmas!my family has been going here since 1923 when they came from Calabria and we have never went anywhere since because there is no need too.  Ive tried isgros but the shell at isgros tastes too "doughnut sweet" for me. they are ok though.  4th generation terminis customer and will continue to be.  the flagship store on 8th is the place to go though, a little bit fresher thereTermini's is indeed a Phlly institution, and its pastries are, for the most part, very good. Not the best in the city, but very good. And the place is cool-looking, and the staff friendly. The problem is its prices border on ridiculous. Was passing by, and thought I'd stop in to grab something, as I hadn't been in a long while. The cost for 2 pastries -- not cakes, but normal-aized pastries -- was $9. Really? There are places within 10 blocks where you can get double that or more for the same price. Were the pastries good? Absolutely. Will I be going back to Termini's or recommending it to others? Don't think so. Not until they adjust their prices.Best cannoli EVER.  My favorite is the vanilla, which is hard to find elsewhere.  Everyone else has cheese and chocolate, but vanilla?  That's what puts Termini Bros. ahead of the pack in my book.
The only bad thing?  Their branch in Reading Terminal is closed on Mondays, which makes me sad.  That, and they aren't open 24 hours in my kitchen...We have purchased cannoli's and cookies at the Italian Market store, and they are to die for! We also order Pignoli cookie tins or boxes online every year as gifts. They arrive fresh and on time every time. (And I just saw on the flyer we received that the shipping is a flat $5.00, which I appreciate.)Old school Philly dessert bakery. All the specialties. Expensive but everything is authentic and the very best. The shop hasn't change in my life. It's charming! They have their own lot which is a life saver in that neighborhood. If you go around the holidays be prepared to wait. Around Christmas they have live music. It's like going back to my childhood.The best canolli! The ricotta filling has tiny pieces of chocolate chips and dried fruit. This is what makes their canolli stand out from any other. There area few different Termini locations in Philly and Jersey to fill your canolli needs.BE CAREFUL   VERY CAREFUL     termini brothers is a conundrum    i would award their chocolate chip pound cake  5 stars if it would not confuse many people about what i think about their baked goods    i ordered my wedding cake their   tasteless and dry    they replaced it with another tasteless and dry cake     i have tried at least 8 cakes there and they are dry and or tasteless   a shame    a co worker got me hooked on their chocolate chip pound cake   it is spectacular   five stars   however  all the other cakes of their including their cheese cake i would rate 2 stars at best   and most probably 1 star    a shame for a Philadelphia institution  a shameThe best baked goods, the best service, great selection, easy to park in their lot (when it isn't too crowded), and now they ship across the country!  What could be better. I ordered some biscotti shipped to a friend from South Philly who was in the hospital in South Carolina and they arrived in perfect condition and fresh.  Prices are above average but the quality is well worth the expense.I am happy to say that I more than enjoyed my time at the bakery, I was overwhelmed with happiness as soon as I pulled up in my car! As soon as I walked in I noticed the old fashioned feel and it made me smile. Next I looked around at all the baked goods and I could not contain myself, I wanted everything! The shop is spotless and the employees were marvelous! All of the women had gloves on uniforms on and I was immediately assisted. All of my questions were answered and the service was excellent.
Needless to say I bought cannoli's and they were hands down the best I've ever had. I also bought the lemon bunt cake (as the birthday cake) and everyone enjoyed it. It was moist and delicious and it had just the right amount of lemon.
I am so happy to be a member of the Termini family now. Believe me everyone I know will know about my experience. I will never go to another bakery again. Termini for life-from now on!One of my friends got an italian rum cake from Termini's and let me tell you, I took one bite and that was enough for me.  It just tasted CHEAP.  Like, that cheapy sugary store-bought icing.  Horrible!  Nothing like Isgro's!  Isgro uses a rich ricotta based icing that is to die for.  When my friend's mom said she's been going to Termini's for years, I couldn't help but to say to myself "after all these years, you're probably desensitized to the awfulness."  Their cannolis are crappy as well!  If you don't eat them within the first few hours of buying them, the shells go all soggy.  Gross!   People who rave over this place must have just not experienced better...yet.  Hopefully they do.  
My grandparents tell me Termini's was great years ago and I believe them.  It seems as though this place has just cut quality a bit over the years to save money and increase their profit margin.  It's a shame.Probably the best cannolis I've ever had.  Ricotta cheese. hmmmm!!!!  Even the past president of the United States George H Bush used to order these pastries.This is one of the best authentic Italian Bakeries in the city.  They have the most amazing chocolate chip pound cake, BLUEBERRY MUFFINS (get there early- they sell out quickly!!!) and cupcakes with extra icing on the inside.  Their customer service is informed and efficient.  Easter Bread is in right now and a light airy sweet bread that my waistline is grateful that it's not available all year! 8th St location is our personal favorite.HOLY CANNOLI!!!!!!
Another delicous place in a city I don't live in! Hips rejoice!!!
Seriously though, this was the best cannoli I've ever had.
I want another one. NOW.
We also tried:
3. Tiramisu mini cake
2. Lemon mini cake
1. Neopolitan mini cake
And I rate them in that order! 
Tiramisu cake was good, but a little too sweet for me. BF liked it more than I did.
Lemon cake was better, bf said he thought it should be a whole layer of lemon curd, not just in the middle
Neopolitan was the best... I don't particularly like strawberry flavored things, but this was delicious! 
Not much was going on late in the afternoon, but we took the tour anyway and it was cool to see the kitchen.
The staff was all smiles and the most welcoming I've encountered in a long time.
I will absolutely be back here on my next trip to Philly.... 
which will probably be next weekend. HAHAHA.Try not to be too hungry when coming here -  everything in the display case looks yummy and you'll end up buying it all! The cannoli's are delicious... in fact I've never had anything here that wasn't delicious. There's really nothing more to say. Enjoy!very sterile clean environment - which is good.
dont touch anything! they get it for you - They will get angry if you touch anything.
very impressed with the red velvet cake and canolis - friendly staff
give it a tryBeing a native of South Philly, born and raised (1967-1991). I always favored Termini's slight above the other quality local bakeries. Why? Simply because they make the best canolies outside of Italy!!! Yes, their prices can be a bit steep but you absolutely get what you paid for, top quality that is a delight to one's pallet. A log standing tradition with our family, particularly during the holidays. I was sad that our local South Jersey branch closed. Definitely worth the trip to my old neighborhood for the best in Italian pastries.Found this place on a whim trying to pick up a birthday cake-thanks yelp reviewers! We got the pumpkin cheesecake and was the only thing we got to try so I can't give it a higher review BUT the bakery is super old school and vintage. SOOOO many varieties of pastries and displays of old baking tools and cash registers. If I am ever in the area again, I'd return to taste their other cakes. The pumpkin cheesecake was creamy and very dense. It wasn't as pumpkin-y as I hoped but doesn't mean it was satisfying. One plus was that they do writing on the cake even if you are a walk in - just no black icing.Holy Cannoli! This place is awesome!
Upon walking in, you stand face-to-face with what looks like the worlds greatest dessert buffet. With twinkle in eye, mouth agape, you then notice that there are no signs labeling any of the tasty treats set before you. As you slip into a trembling panic, a kind smile and motherly voice informs you that she is there to guide you through your treat choosing journey. Your very own dessert mentor. She walks around with you explaining all of the goodies and will give you recommendations upon request.
What you really need to know: the Cannolis. Get acquainted with them. Don't even think about leaving this place without one. They are filled to order, and are by far the most decadent, delicious cannolis I have ever tasted. The shells are magnificent and fresh. They offer vanilla or some other filling, don't fall for it. Go for the traditional ricotta filling. Smooth and creamy, broken up in texture by tiny chocolate chips. I can't even think about them without salivating uncontrollably.
If you're near the Italian market and need a sugar fix, definitely stop in and check this place out. Just make sure your wallet is healthy, because it will take a small beating at the register.Fantastic bakery with amazing customer service. Very friendly staff offered a tour of the facility. Delicious pastries, beautiful store, must see.These cannoli's are easily the best you will ever taste, they are fresh and delicious and made to order. My husband and I never miss stopping in here when we get to Philly. Then to top it off, you have all of the other wonderful pastries and cookies and cakes. I have taken an Italian creme cake to a family Thanksgiving dinner, and everyone loved it!!!Incredible old-school bakery in South Philly. The question is what is better? The baked goods or the customer service? Both are as good as it gets.
From the moment you walk in, you are greeted warmly. If you have kids with you, chances are they will be offered a free cupcake! The women that work there treat every customer like they are The President, The Mayor, The Pope, somebody famous. I appreciate that. They answer questions, and are knowledgeable about all items. Did I mention they like kids? 
The baked items are all good. I usually get the canolis. The cakes are just as good. Whatever you buy is neatly packaged in a box with a string around it. They even treat the canoli you buy like it's gold!
A+ customer service, A+ baked goods, A+ atmosphere. What more could one want?Best ricotta cannolis in Philly!  Old School South Philly bakery that has a very convienent  location in the Terminal Market, but I love the original on 8th Street.  Great service, and killer pastries.  Word to the wise, the cannolis have an almost nonexistent shelf life, so scarf em down as soon as you get em.  Shouldn't be a problem.So delicious!  I always make this a must go to when I'm in Philadelphia.  Sometimes I go here twice since it's so yummy and there's so much to choose from!  If you need dessert for an occasion or just have a craving, Termini is the place to go for it.  They won't let you down!  Canoli's are my absolute favorite.  If I had to chose, that's what I would get!The best cannoli I have ever had in my life. Period. This was just confirmed on a recent trip to Boston where I experienced a famous, yet clearly mediocre cannoli that made me realize how much I like how they do things back at home.
Termini's does it right, perfect shell and the ultimate filling. It is so smoothy and creamy yet substantial with a light hint of sweet cheese. None of that custard crap or chunky ricotta that they dare to use up north.
Their almond horns are also incredible.Went in last minute to get a cake for my boyfriend's birthday dinner that night.  Picked out a chocolate-chip pound cake, which they inscribed with a message in the color of my choice.  $20 bucks, quick and easy, AMAZING freakin' cake.  Also, the place is adorable, from the retro signs to the girls in white pastry coats.Very unhappy with Termini Bros Bakery!! Ordered some cannoli's for Thanksgiving, they arrived in time but the cannoli shells were stale! The cream was delicious, but the shells were hard as a rock!! After calling the store and complaining about it, I was told I was the only complaint of all of the cannolis they sold, so this must be untrue. I was offered a 15% discount for a future order, but what about the money I already spent! I live in California, so I wasn't expecting the shipping cost to be refunded, just the product. After continuing complaining, I was offered a $10.00 refund on a $40.00 order. Buyer beware if you live out of state!!!Blows away the location in Reading Terminal Market. A throwback bakery with fantastic staff, lots of samples and killer pastries and cakes. The only reason they lost a star was a nasty pumpkin pie with so much nutmeg that it was not edible. Everything else was fantastic. Cannolis, cookies, biscotti. All top shelf.  Love this place.- Open late, till 7pm in a clean, bright and appetizing store with old school
  charm.
-Individual attention from the knowledgeable, friendly and brightly/cleanly   
 uniformed staff. Samples, great for a new comer or visitor.
- Chocolate Covered Banana:  Cookie bottom, 1/2 a butterflied  
  banana and  fruit filling. VERY GOOD! 
- Cannoli: Creamy deliciousness with a great shell. 
- Pecan Bar: Gooey and nutty with a staisfying graham cracker crust-  just
  the way a pecan bar ought to be! 
Can't wait to go back!Every year on Christmas Eve my dad takes a ride into Philly to pick up so sweet treats at Termini Brothers;  words can not describe how delicious their cannoli are! The filling is so creamy yet not overly sweet. Just thinking about it makes my mouth water.Visit whenever we are in the city, original and the standard for cannolis, will not eat any others.  The Baba rum filed with cream is outstanding, I have never had anything here that wasn't perfect.  Don't touch the product, wait to be served!They have the best (ricotta) cannolis...hands down! I have also had their carrot cake, which is pretty good as they add a twist to it by adding mini chocolate chips. Their lemon cake is also quite scrumptious. I've tasted other cannolis in the South Philly area, but Termini's is the best in my book!Best place in Philly to get anything cheesecake! Wish there was a closer location, but the 45 minute drive is always worth it!So I took my fiancé to the South Philly Termini's for the first time this weekend. I had no idea he'd never been there before - I grew up right by there and figured everyone knew about the original Termini's spot. We got a couple of my favorites (tiramisu and a pecan bar) and two cannolis for him (ricotta and vanilla). 
Upon first bite of his cannoli, he says, "Oh my god. Termini's cannolis blow that other place's (Isgro's) cannolis right out of the water!!!" And the rest is history.One of the best experiences.
Lauren gave us a tour since we didn't look like we knew what we were doing. Seeing cannolis being made? Amaze. Eating them? Even more amaze.
Took 4 cannolis and 4 mini cakes back with me on the plane.Home of the delightfully decadent, most melts-in-your-mouth, leaves you wanting more, love at first bite, marble cheesecake I have ever had in my life. This place is adorable. I like that the staff actually picks, packs your desserts for you, as opposed to rando's grabbing, breaking, touching everything (gross). This is going to be a staple for each of my visits to this great city.The best, authentic cannolis...out of this world! I love the vanilla kind. If you never had a cannoli, you have no idea what you're missing. They're $3 but its absolutely worth it (they're huge!). I'm planning to get my birthday cake here and thanks to the Yelpers below I think I know what I'll get =DI happened by the flagship store of the Termini empire by happenstance after all these years of buying at their various other locations.   Thie store is a time capsule of a bygone era and you will wax nostalgic upon entering as it will remind you of stories told by previous generations - from the sign out front to the vintage bakery tools to the faded photographs of the original proprietors.   It's worth a stop just for that.
I stopped in on a Friday morning and was greeted by two pleasant people.   I got a brief history of this location and the original location across the street.  Service is congenial and slower than what you would receive elsewhere but in a pleasant way.
There five different large sections of desserts and cookies, some refrigerated and others not.   The cannoli are excellent of course, but the traditional chocolate chip ones were missing the ends dipped in more chips.   The little round cake pastries are good as well but I find that their vanilla cream that they use in their eclairs and some of their cakes falls a little flat, needing either a bit more sugar or vanilla.   The limoncello is quite good.
I had some order envy when another customer walked in behind me and ordered three little rum cakes.   The aroma was fabulous.
Service was good.  Parking on the street can be challenging but there is a Termini lot just south of the store on 8th Street.  It is wheelchair accessible as well.Popped in here for some treats to take home while visiting Philadelphia. The treats were amazing and not sure which one was the best from cannoli's to pizzelles to mousse & red velvet bliss's. :)Visiting Termini's - especially around the holiday - is a treat within itself.  I will admit, I haven't visited in a while.  My last trip was several months back.  They had small band playing - which was pretty nice.  The staff was very helpful!  I usually come here when I am entertaining my family and feeding them cannoli (which is not as often as they'd like).There are two things I'm always trying to find...the best cupcake and the best canoli.  Well, my neighbor told me that the best canoli's in Philly are from Termini.  I just moved here from Staten Island.  Previously I lived in Brooklyn.  Obviously, I know about canolis.  Soooo, I had family coming in from Staten Island and NJ for Easter and I wanted them to experience a taste of Philly so I went to Termini with my neighbor the day before Easter Sunday to pick up some canolis.  The line was out the door!  I had my 6 month old with me.  I was definitely going to wait in the line.  The owner, Vincent Termine, whom I never met, came up to me and told me that I didn't have to wait in line with a newborn.  He whisked me through the kitchen (which was immaculate btw) and had me order from within there.  Then he gave me a kiss on the cheek and wished me a Happy Easter.  What a lovely man!  What a lovely staff!  ...AND WHAT tasty CANOLIS....everyone loved them!  hmnnnn I think there is a Termini bakery in the Comcast building....maybe I should go for a lil stroll that way in 5 minutesThe canolis... The CANOLIS!!!!!! Best in the city, hands down. Friendly service, and delicious sweet treats. Another favorite of mine are the fresh pecan bars. YUM!Yum! Bring your visitors to the real deal bakery! Cannolis are filled in the spot. Lots of traditional Italian pastries are available. La Columbe coffee available, as well. Def go get yourself one each of three delicious cannoli choices!Favorite cupcakes ever! From anywhere! And mini personal cakes. And cannolis. And large cakes. And pastries. And tea biscuits. And cookies...... And....This past weekend before Saturday's Phillies game my son and I decided to do the cannoli taste test between Termini's and Isgro's.  We both sampled a variety and we both gave the slight nod to Termini's.   You can't go wrong either way.  Termini's service was outstanding.  They also have a parking lot and had live music in their store.Termini Bros is a Philly classic for all pastry and dessert lovers. From cannolis to cakes to other baked goods, it is tough to decide what you will out it with on a given day but one is guaranteed to grab a cannoli for a stroll or drive home! 
Their cannolis are excellent and leave you craving another cannoli. However, there is more to be desired from their cakes especially the carrot cake or the cheesecake. This might be because I hold them to a higher standard than the majority but this is one of my favorite cannoli shops in the the U.S.Every time I go back to Philly I HAVE TO go to Termini Bros Bakery!  Doesn't mater what location I go to, as long as I get a cannoli.  Since I grew up having the privilege of eating their pastries, I have yet to find anything like their cannolis out here in San Diego.  I recently went back to the East Coast and got my fill of their cannolis....SO GOOD!  I've tried cannolis out here and it just doesn't compare...like hoagies too.  But anyway, having gone back to Termini Bros., I can say they haven't changed and that's why they set the bar on what authentic pastries are for me.
From the pics I post, you'll see they fill their cannolis on the spot and the filling...to die for...or worth flying out from the West Coast for  It's not crazy, over the top, sugary sweet and you can taste that it's made fresh.  Just like the cannoli shells-made fresh daily.
Since I was in town visiting family I stopped in to get some cannolis (obviously) and cookies...and a single serve carrot cake for myself.  
PROS:
Parking- plenty in the side lot
Store- very clean and all the selections of cookies, cakes, biscotti...so many to choose from.  They even have candies and coffee too.
Service-they are so friendly and knowledgeable.  Olivia (I think that was her name) helped me select the assortment of cookies for the tray I was putting together.  She was so kind and even asked me what my preferences were to help narrow down the selection.  Thank goodness cause I would have ordered everything!
CONS:
They aren't in San Diego.  But you can order online if you're so inclined...I haven't gone that route yet, but most like will to get my cannoli fix.
What sets them apart from other places? Like I mentioned earlier, they consistently make great quality food. Worth every penny!This place is heaven. Loved the cannolis, panned cheesecake, and chocolate chip cookies! Yummy!South Philly classic!  I don't care what race you are, if you are from Philly and have family in South Philly, you grew up on Termini Brothers!  The cake here is good, but the cannolis, WHAT????  best ever...you will fight over them!  We have fought over them!I have one pleasure in life and that's cannoli, especially from Termini Bros. I cannot honestly think of a better bakery that makes such a wonderful cannoli or Italian treats. I had the opportunity to try their Zeppole this time while in town also. I'd be lying if I said I wasn't addicted, I'm talking full mind blown awesomeness. But in my opinion you won't find a more crisp, tasty, or larger cannoli shell than at Termini Bros. Nor will you find a better tasting or creamier ricotta filling. I would put these cannoli's right next to Carlo's bakery's lobster tails, but they blow Carlos's cannoli's out of the water!!!A few years ago I had some free time the day before Christmas Eve and decided to pick up a box of cannoli (with ricotta filling), some of those pecan square, and a sfogliatella for my family in north jersey. 
Well, that bit me in the ass. Every year for a few weeks prior to Christmas (note the date on this posting...) the god damn phone calls begin: "Are you gonna get the cannoli?" "Make sure you grab an extra sfogliatella for aunt florence" "I think we'll need at least a dozen cannoli" "Make sure you don't get them filled more than a day ahead of time."
My purpose now, as far as my family is concerned, is to deliver cannoli orders and shuttle Italian pastries across state lines. That's it. That's what my life has become.
So thank you Termini. You have made a product so good that it has irreparably damaged my Christmas! Now, I'm just the "cannoli guy" in the eyes of my grandmother.We received a Termini Bros cookie tray as a gift from one of our contractors today. After sampling several of the different cookies I have to say I am impressed. Fresh, good flavors, just good cookies!
Since it was a gift I have a hard time saying this but, I would NOT pay 20 dollars a pound for them. I understand they have a long history in the area as being the best etc etc but I just can't see spending that kind of money on cookies. Sorry, my wife makes better cookies for much less. 
I would like to try their cannolis, I hear they are the best.Just visited here and couldn't agree more with one of the other reviewers...while this place is a throwback it has gotten over the top expensive. 1 lb cookies, 2 almond horns, and a box of pizzelles.. $40! Are you kiddin me Tony?.. Will not be back until they reduce their prices. Better values in town than this. What a shame to do this to their customers. Count me out!!Stumbled across this place going somewhere else!
Me and my wife are so glad we came across this bakery. It is a cool bakery and the staff were great and helpful. They had a great spirit about them and we thoroughly enjoyed the old style cannoli and the nougat. Wow! They were just the right texture. Can't wait to go back and try their cheesecake because it looked awesome.Impossible to improve upon. I've eaten Sicilian pastry everywhere, including All over Sicily, from Palermo to Taormina, and this place is first rate. I've read here people's complaints that Termini is expensive, but quality ingredients and traditional techniques cost money. The cannoli are the best I've ever had. Love this place, please don't ever change it. A treasure to be savored.Short and sweet - expensive. I only pay these prices for La Maison and Levain and if you've ever been to NY, you'd understand why.
While the cannolis ARE good, I find them to be a bit too large and personally, I think they taste better after a day or 2 in the fridge.
I bought 6 cannolis, 4 pieces of cheesecake and it was like $35+ bucks. Thats just pretty frigging insane. For the prices, I can find cannolis elsewhere.I'm not a pastry or dessert expert but Termini Bros Bakery has the best cannolis I have ever had...a must try is the Original Cannoli with Ricotta Cheese and Chocolate Chips. Staff and service is also very friendly and accommodating!I don't know what's up with me this week, but I can't stop writing about Philly Hall of Famers. The Termini family has been baking for South Philly  since 1928 (if, indeed, I'm reading the time-line on the company website correctly), and it's still the number one place for little Italian ladies to buy their weekend pastries on Friday afternoons. Termini's has opened a number of other locations in the area, but this one, close to the Italian Market, is the one that truly retains the soul of yesteryear. 
If you've read any of my other reviews, you know I'm a man of habit. My Termini Bros traditions help support that claim. See, incredible smells of all kinds pour out of the bakery at all times of the day, fancy contemporary French designs to the most traditional South Philly Italian delights, and I never shy away from the samples of who knows what that they're always giving out. But when I go to South Philly, it's because I crave a cannoli.
A friend of mine lives in South Philly, and here's how we spend our best afternoons/nights: First, we go to Ralph's for a great plate of pasta. (I hold off on an appetizer unless I'm sure I have a lot of room in this stomach of mine.) Afterword, we walk just two blocks away to Termini Brothers and we each order three cannolis -- usually they all contain the traditional filling, but sometimes I order one with chocolate chips, for a change of pace. We each eat two, save one for later. My friend and I aren't big fans of the night scene in South Philly so, if it's a social night, we head downtown for beers, and then, at the end of the night, when we get back to his place in South Philly, we gage our hunger. If it's very high, we each have a steak at Pat's, and then we head back to his place to finish off our cannolis. If it's not so high, we simply finish off the cannolis and crash (though, obviously, not together.) No matter what the case, it's a glorious tradition -- you may steal it if you like. And the whole glorious day gets its coherence, its narrative arc, from those incredible stuffed pastries at Termini Brothers Bakery.I'm not Italian. But I know italian pastries and this place is REAL DEAL.  Amazing cookies that will impress your friends and be yummy in your tummy. I didn't get a chance to have a cannolli on my most recent visit and that is my only regret.We used Termini Brothers for our wedding cake.  Cake was raspberry swirl poundcake with buttercream icing. The cake was so moist and delicious, the little bit I got to try. Looking forward to eating the top on the first anniversary. We made several different changes to the design of the cake, and it looked exactly like I had asked.I bought an Italian cream cake for my dad's birthday we usually go to cas da dolce in the north east they have the BEST Italian cream cake ever but my niece was gonna pick it up and she lives close to terminis  needless to say it was the worst italian cream cake ever we call to tell them about it and they could careless .I guess they have enough costumes they don't need my business so if you want a great Italian cream cake go to cas da dolce ...sign the Witte familySimply outstanding.  You gotta go here.  It's a Philadelphia institution.  The baked goods are just excellent, the ambience is traditional, and the service is exceptionally friendly and helpful.  Try the cannolis, the cookies, and especially the banana split (which is a pastry that has a banana in it, but no ice cream).  I'll be back.Let me just say this bakery aside from being excellent they treat you like family. Constantly let you sample all of their goodies. There is no need to go anywhere else.  Termini's is The Spot.How could I be the first to review Termini Brothers?!?!
My mom used to get us cannolis from here whenever she went to the Italian market. They're fried, they're sweet, what's not to love?
There are also some very good almond cookies.
The shop is a few blocks away from the rest of the market but it is worth the little hop to finish off the shopping bagI drove up from Washington, D.C. Just for the cannoli. There is one word "wow". I haven't had cannoli this good since I was in Italy. Well worth the drive and I will be going back.This is place ties as my favorite place in philly.  Everything I have tried is AMAZING.  The staff is always great and I am never disappointed when I try something new...  This place may have added a few inchs to me since discovery. . Ok an the fact I don't walk as much as I use to. But that said everything is worth every bite. . . .  .  . . Maybe ill go there today.So every year we go to Termini's and get cookies around christmas... my favorite are the long piped cookies with the jam inside... well this christmas season on the 23rd of december we went downtown to make a visit...and i was really disappointed... they had just opened on one of the two busiest days before christmas and they didn't have five different kinds of cookies available... i can understand running out during the day but to open unprepared was a little disheartening.  Needless to say we had to get the assorted pre made boxes which were still good but it would have been better to get our own assorted especially cause i could get my own pound of the jam cookies.  Next year i hope they are a little better prepared.More great cannolis along with almond cookies and a custard tart. Service is pure throwback with individual servers with metal trays.
Great pics in the front cases. Including frank Sonatra and the legendary Sid Mark. A great Philly classicI hate to do this, especially for a long established bakery with such great reviews. I wonder if I just happened to get a bum batch? I really felt that the cookies were overpriced. I had 4 tiny cookies and it was $3.50. A package of 4 chocolate chips was $5... they were good, but I really need to be above and beyond for the value to be worth it.
Maybe this place has great cakes or something I didn't get to try. Based on my personal experience though, I wouldn't go back. :-(My husband and I were recently married, and Termini baked our wedding cake.  We had visited their locations in Reading Terminal and south Philly multiple times, so we had high expectations that Termini had no problem meeting.  While we loved all the cake flavors (the top two layers were vanilla and chocolate), the main layer of our cake, a raspberry swirl pound cake, was unbelievable: moist, flavorful, memorable... everything wedding cakes often aren't.
The appearance of the cake was exactly what we requested.  We went for a rustic-appearing style that matched the theme of our wedding, and it went perfectly with our flower arrangements.  I don't plan on getting married again, but I am planning on returning to Termini!The flat-out best cannoli I have ever had (I haven't had much).  They were friendly and knowledgeable about the cannoli, and I sample the regular with ricotta cheese and the chocolate flavored ones.  Doubles as a bakery, but I haven't had the bravery to go outside of the cannoli.  The best cannoli in Philly, if not the world!I get here every month or 2 and always blow way too much money!
how could you walk into this amazing shop and not want to eat every single thing that you see?
yes, they do have the best cannolis on earth (and I have tried many).
unbelievable quality and taste!We visited this location after spending our annual Christmas Day in Philly after Jingle Ball.  We enjoyed the Comcast Building location, but nothing beats this location.  We love walking through the shop and looking at all the pastries.  We also like the tour through the back.  When we went this time they were making a wedding cake. Quick and cute but you get to see the actual bakery and people that work there.  We purchased pignoli cookies and amaretto cookies.   Delicious but so expensive.   We do love this place and it is a classic part of any stop in south philly.The cannolis here are some of the best I've ever had. Sweet pastry cream, deep fried shell that has no hint of grease. Even after its been shipped across the country, its still fabulous. I can't praise this place enough for how good this dessert is. Of the ones I tried, I definitely liked the sweet vanilla cream the most, with the ricotta a close second. But you can't go wrong either way.Walking into Termini's is like stepping back to the 1920's or 1930's. I can imagine that it hasn't changed much since it first opened, and it's a testament to what we've lost as neighborhood bakeries like this have succumbed to the spread of supermarkets and their bland "bakery" aisles in the mid-20th century. Here you find everything made fresh and to recipes that have been pleasing people for decades. The most accessible treats are the giant creme-filled, jimmy-covered cupcakes in vanilla or chocolate cake. These aren't hoity-toity cupcakes that cost $7.50 for a treat baked in a thimble. These are a man's cupcakes. More Old World style cookies and cakes will appeal to folks looking for a taste that goes beyond Oreos and supermarket sheet cakes. Termini's is a local treasure.Ordered the pignoli cookies and a hot chocolate with "fluff".  What was the fluff?  marshmallows.  And was it a fluff.  No.
I've had better pignoli cookies from Boston and NY.
But the wait on the line was about 40 minutes.  Gosh.We walked in just in time for a tour! I love the old timey set up and friendly atmosphere. We ended up with more treats than we should have! The pecan bar was my favorite. The staff was very friendly and informed about their product. I loved hearing the history of this bakery.ok......90 years in business....you are doing something right!!!  i have had their cakes and cannolis before, but i recently went to their original location for the first time.  the girl was so freindly it was amazing. i love that!  so many places that popular just dont care about customer service anyomore. they obviously do.  and as far as their product??  everything they touch turns to delicious gold!  simply...THE BEST!!!!   try their tiramasu, and carrot cake.  they are expensive, but worth every penny.Just had the most wonderful experience with Julianne - my first time here - at 5:00 on Christmas Eve. And the customer service was fantastic helped me find two great options for desserts and even added a merry Christmas and little festive decorations onto my cheesecake for me. This will be the only bakery I use now after such an amazing experience they saved me for desserts on Christmas!Holy Cannoli!  I purchased a cheese Cannoli to share with others back home...but it all went into my stomach before I returned.  The hype is warranted if you are into cheese-based desserts!  I can't wait to try other baked goods whenever I return to Philly.I've never heard of Termini Bros until today.  The appearance of the store front captured my attention along with the word pastries.  Im a risk taker and decided to try the chocolate covered banana; interesting flavor... It's half cake and half banana with a tart jelly in the middle and covered with chocolate.  I felt wierd eating this banana, thanks to a friend who made me feel uncomfortable about the appearance of my dessert but it was great!  The key is  to taste everything in one bite.  
-Friendly staff, clean store, fresh products... I'll be back again for the red velvet cake ;o)DON'T GO TO THEM FOR A WEDDING CAKE!
Apparently if you get their cake  through a catering service this will work for you.  If you are needing to find a baker on your own for your wedding don't waste your time.
I love everything I have eaten at Termini but it's not worth the snobby attitude and lack of response.
I called them Saturday afternoon to ask about general range of pricing for cakes.  I was told only the owner knows that pricing.  Which I have found pretty standard for small bakeries that don't have a huge focus on wedding cakes.  I was told she would call me Monday morning.  Monday morning came and went without a call back.  I don't live far so I went in on Monday afternoon.  There was three women in with white outfits and an older woman in a nice black outfit with nice jewelry on behind the counter writing checks.  (Pretty sure this is the woman she spoke of).  I was then told again only the owner can help and she isn't in, but would call me that same day to set up an appointment.  I didn't in fact get a call for over 24 hours. 
All of this would have been fine except this is what happened next.  I didn't get a call from the owner.  I got a call from a Melissa who wanted to schedule me for an appointment over a month away with a group limited to 5 seats AND she wanted to charge me $25.00 for the tasting!!!!
so, again I have no doubt the cake will be delicious but i can't stand the arrogance that we should pay them to sample the goods before we purchase.  
I have gotten exceptional service just down the street at a less well known but equally delicious bakery called Varallo's at 10th & Morris.  They let me sample and have bent over backwards to get my business.  
I will let you know how the cake tastes!
Termini's thumbs down!Amazing baked selections! They make the best classic Cannoli here and are always fresh! The staff is very friendly and they have a large selection of case items already made so just walk in and get dessert to go in no time. 
Enjoy!!The best cannoli I've ever had. We also got these amazing banana cream things that were incredible.The nicest folks you have ever met!  The tour gave me insight into just how much talent as well as decades and decades of  hard work that goes into all those delicious cakes and treats. This Christmas my friends with be getting a box of pastries from Termini brothers.I've only been here twice and had the chocolate covered banana and cannoli on two separate occasions.  Both desserts were spectacular, even though the chocolate covered banana was on the sweeter side (it was still edible and NOT disgustingly sweet).
My complaints: 
The first time I visited, the service was absolutely spectacular.  This time, I felt kind of rushed and pressured to purchase more items.  I also don't like the fact that you can't just walk in and purchase a small treat for yourself.  The smaller cannolis are sold by the dozen, and the giant cannolis are relatively large.  Every thing here is SUPER sized.  Guess that goes for everything in 'merica, y'all.
A great bakery overall.  I will be returning and trying other things...  if my friends & family will indulge with me.There is zero question that this is the best cannoli in Philly. I've tried the two top rated places and I'm confused as to how the other one is even mentioned in the same conversation as Termini Bros. If you love cannoli save yourself the time and just go straight to Termini.I was looking for the best cheesecake in philly and happens to stumble here in termini bros. it was my first time so one of the owner doesn't recognize me as a regular and asks me what exactly Im looking for? And i told her that I wannna try their cheesecake, so they gave me free cheesecake sample. It taste great, smooth texture and melts in your mouth! Definitely be back for more!Below average. I had my first canolis here and I thought I didn't like canolis...that is, until I had canolis from potito's in south philly. Also their butter creams are heavy and tasteless (the combination of which gives you the feeling of eating wax). Perhaps it was good at one point in the history to make this place a landmark and part of reading terminal, but it ain't good anymore.First time visit to Termini Brothers.  I'm a regular traveler to South Philly - but always for savory (cheese, meats, etc.) not sweet.  This trip had my daughter the cannoli aficionado along with me - so we add Termini to our itinerary - and I'm glad we did.
That said, it wasn't the items that we went there for that were the most impressive.  Cannoli - certainly a specialty of the house - were very good - though not at the level of - worth the trip (we live in North Jersey).  Likewise the the pignoli cookies - very good - but not worth the trip.  
There were however two items that IMHO qualify as well worth the trip.  One is a regular item - the fig bar (and also the fig cookies) - great pastry - delicious fig and hazelnut filling - very flavorful - and avoiding the typical flaw of being dry and brittle.  
he second item - I'm not sure is a regular one - and I didn't know we'd all love it as much as we did - so I didn't ask while still in the shop.  I don't know what it's called but it's a half banana, sitting on a crisp cookie "stuffed" with almond paste and raspberry jelly - and - wait for it - 
+
+
+
++++ the whole thing covered in chocolate!!!
Unbelievably good - and definitely worth the trip!
Will certainly be back on a subsequent trip - but probably will call first to make sure they have the banana!
Oh - and BTW - it all looks so good - but don't touch anything on the shelves or the center table - wait for one of "the girls" to help you.The best cannolis ever! I love the ricotta cheese filling. The last time I popped in here for some cannolis the girl who helped us was SO friendly and helpful!Owners are from Enna Sicily which are known for the pastries..ie cannolis etc.. They do not pre fill cannolis which is a good sign. Love the desserts. They have a mint cake that only comes out during certain times of the year to look for.woke up early, walked across the street to reading terminal market and headed straight to termini bros bakery.  i saw that they were squeezing bag full of ricotta into freshly made cannolis...so, of course, i had to try one.
$3.50 for a cannoli was quite expensy...but it was delicious.  crispy, crunchy outside that didnt shatter as i bit into the soft fluffy clouds of chocolate chip ricotta cheese!
ricotta was smooth and fluffy.  
a cup of coffee and im happy!
they got other yummy sweet decadents like cheesecakes and biscottis as well.  those will have to wait another day!This place! Wow delicious ricotta cannolis. Service is excellent, very accommodating and personal. Got a ton of free samples that I didn't even ask for, and they even threw me a free three pack of chocolate cookies! Amaretto cookies were soft and delicious, can't wait to try my raspberry fingers. Irish potatoes were also very good, lots of coconut. Yum will definitely be returning. Two Italian men playing music in the front was also an adorable touch.Visited the bakery on Sunday, March 6th at 4:30PM. Upon walking in I was not greeted for the first five minutes, I didn't mind as I was admiring the bakery goods. As more people entered the store, a young brunette women announced the line was by door (no sign). I patiently went on line (behind those who arrived after me) awaiting service. Finally a women with a UK accent came over to assist me. She was helpful but her service and professionalism was below standard. She wore one glove when getting our selected goods, touched the money with the gloved hand, and then proceeded to touch our pastries. She also used the ungloved hand while packing the pastries. To make matters worse, instead of neatly putting the three pieces of cake and two cannolis in one large box, she packaged them in pairs resulting in three containers. As a result of shoving our pastries in small containers she even smashed the cannoli. Paying $30 for five small desserts I expect better service. Also, I'm not sure the owner knows that his staff doesn't maintain a proper, neat appearance. They all appeared to have just woken up with their hair in messy buns. I will not return.Been going here since I was a kid always the best Pastery and cakes my fav of all St Joseph cake , ricotta cannoli and cream puffsPicked up a box of delights on my way to Baltimore today, the cannolis (totally getting shot for this) *are* better than those from Boston's North End (Mike's & Moderns). Also tried the the gingerbread man and woman (very cute), an orange flavored puffed pastry (that was okay - didn't like the overpowering cinnamon), and a chocolate covered banana with raspberry cream (very eh). 
But the ladies working at the store were very sweet! They indulged my photography itch and the vintage chic, neon lit storefront was charming.Oh Termini's, only if you all knew it when....The memories I have of this place are probably some of the most sentimental that I have. While growing up, my grandfather used to play violin for all of the holiday functions, when the crowds were primarily Italians and Italian Americans (as was all of the neighborhood with some yuppie exceptions. No hatin, just observing). It was so alive. But to distill it all, the only thing that came close to seeing my grandfather work his magic was the pastries. They are divine. But they are no match for the cookies, which are shear perfection. Do not expect things to be cheap, times have changed and old man Termini is dearly departed. But in my opinion, good things shouldn't have to be cheap to be enjoyed. Nothing says love like a couple of pounds of Termini's cookies.I went to Termini this morning, Valentine's Day, in search of fresh cannolis. Well, I definitely found them, and more! 
I walked in and was attacked by amazing aromas of baked goods. Termini has a lot of confections I'd never seen before. Many of the baked goods are in open air, but DO NOT TOUCH! The employees will choose the prettiest of whatever is out for you. I had never been to Termini, but the signs informed me before I could make the mistake.
As I was browsing, I was greeted by several smiling faces, despite how ungodly busy the place was. It was Valentine's Day, so who could be surprised? The rush was warranted, as the confections I left with were divine. 
The girl who helped me was extremely patient with my lack of knowledge regarding cannoli fillings. She explained all of them, and I resolved to get all 3, vanilla, chocolate, and ricotta, along with two red velvet cakes, which, she explained, were made earlier in the day. This friendly employee, knowledgeable, swift, and an excellent saleswoman, was chatting with me while pricing my goods, and she had only been working there 5 days! Someone has provided impeccable training, and it definitely showed here. She was excellent.
I walked home with the confections, so I don't know how they would have tasted immediately. About an hour after purchase, though, my boyfriend and I ate our respective red velvet cakes. These were the moistest, most evenly red, rich cakes I have ever had from a commercial bakery. It was so rich that I almost had problems finishing it! The cream cheese icing was amazing, and the cake was so aesthetically pleasing that I regret not photographing it.
We have only eaten one of the three cannolis. We started with the chocolate, and it was so tasty. The shells of the cannolis were in the open air of the bakery, so the filling was squeezed fresh as I waited. They did not have an opportunity to get soggy or anything, but even if they had been, the taste would have made up for it. The crunchy shell and picturesque filling were complemented by carefully added powdered sugar (the aforementioned employee was careful to ask if I wanted it before applying it). Positively decadent.
At checkout, the price seemed like a little much, but I am so happy with what I bought that the fact that I had that feeling for even a second seems absolutely ridiculous. I will be returning to Termini Brothers with my business from here on out.I had a wonderful experience with Termini Bros ordering a gift for Valentine's Day. I visited the Bakery a month ago when I visited Philly and I knew I had to send my Italian grandmother a box of assorted cookies. When I ordered online I accidentally entered the wrong shipping address. I called the company to make the correction and was quickly helped! Not only did the gift arrive at the correct address, it made it in time for Valentine's and in nice wrapping with a red ribbon. My grandmother was delighted! I am very impressed with the quality and service that Termini Bros' offers.The cannoli is beyond this realm! I recently moved and have not been able to find a place with as good a 'rigot cannol!This establishment is what you call a bakery. It's a bit on the pricey side but you get top notch quality baked goods. Seriously good stuff! Everything is good!! I'm a BIG fan of their cannolis, they are good to the last piece! They also make delicious eclairs and they are huge if you ask me. Totally worth the price. I have never had a pastry I didn't like. Expect everything to not only look good but taste awesome. You can also expect great service as all the staff here are very pleasant, friendly and informative. If you are craving sweets this is the place to go. There is a parking lot right next to the bakery so don't worry about parking. GO!!!I'm from the West Coast and happened to be in Philly by chance. I had never been to the East and I will say it was a little intimidating. I stopped by Termini Brothers to try their cannoli and I had no idea I would never be able to find another cannoli as good as this! It's unfair that I may never taste it again! I also indulged on some Sfogliatelle which I only new how to pronounce due to the Sopranos. LOL 
I honestly don't think they have a bad pastry served here. Everything is flaky and buttery. Perfection!Cannoli's were great! Very creamy and without being too heavy.The Cannoli are exceptional good here as is the biscotti. Have to put them right at the top of the list if your in Philly. Don't pass this gem over.Best cannoli I've ever had. Filled to order with perfect smooth filling, delicate not greasy shells, it was a freaking dream. Also tried their sfogliatella (the clam shaped pastry), super crunchy and incredible.  It's pricey but worth the money when it's the best you can get.My first experienced with Termini Bros Bakery was in 2002, while I worked for the Philadelphia Eagles in their cash room.  They would bring the dessert down to the finance office after the games. My favorite was the chocolate covered bananas! OMG!!! I now live out of state but my first stop when I go back home to Philly for a visit in 2016 will be Termini Bros Bakery!!! If you haven't tried it you are missing out!Sunday morning, I had to run down to the airport to drop someone for a flight.  I called Termini's for hours and directions.  Very friendly with accurate directions.  They open at 7 on Sundays.  Two cannoli, one each tirami su and baba au rum.  15 bucks.  Gotta say, they were worth every cent.  Cannoli were dyno.  Place was spotless inside.  Glad I was there really early; looks like it could be a parking nightmare later in the day.We stopped by Termini on our way home from Philly to bring dessert to a relative's.  We tried the three types of cannoli (ricotta, vanilla cream, chocolate cream).  The ricotta were the best of the three, and they were very good (shells stayed crisp for the 7 hours until we ate them).  The cream ones were tasty, but I'd probably get all ricotta next time.
The biscotti were not too hard, which was a plus, because I always fear breaking teeth when I bite into one.  The chocolate were ok, not super chocolatey, but the cranberry pistachio were ideal.
We tried one of the mini cakes, chocolate with chocolate and butterscotch frosting.  The cake was light and the chocolate frosting was flavorful, but the butterscotch didn't taste like much at all.
I was sad they did not carry Napoleons :(
Termini was solid, but I would probably try another bakery before going back, just to see what else was available.The tiramisu cake we got for a friends Bday was delicious and very fresh. The staff was super friendly too. I'll be back when I'm in the neighborhood again.It's like this place doesn't need your business.  I understand why all these documentaries say that Philly was incorrectly named the city of brotherly love.  People here are just not friendly, especially the people that work here.  What ever happened to service with a smile?
Not only is the service bad, but the prices are a little out there.  Got a little tiramisu pasty, 2 of the u shaped almond cookies, 1 traditional pinapple cheesecake, 2 biscottis and 3 chocolate cookie things and that came out to almost $50.
Tiramisu - grainy with a raw sugar taste.  tasted overly alcoholic too.
Traditional pineapple cheese cake - taste lumpy? and like sponge cake with no flavor
Biscotti - flavorwise was ok, but it was definitely STALE, which you can clearly tell by the texture.
U shaped almond cookie - that was actually pretty delicious
Possibly all of the selections we made were wrong, and we should have just gotten canollis?Holy moly cannoli! Saw this place on Food Network and made a stop during my road trip. This is in the Reading Terminal Market. 
Leave room for dessert... all kinds of sweets to choose from... pastries are sure to please! Pair it with coffee and pastries and you're good to go! Be sure to stop by Dinic's right around the corner.
http://terminibros.blogspot.com/2012/01/chew-at-reading-terminal-market.htmlAs soon as i walked in i was quickly given candy cane cake which was delicious.  I got biscotti and a canolli and when i commented that i wanted to try a pignoli and she didnt hesitate to give me one to try.  
Between the wonderful desserts and amazing costumer service if i ever go back to Philly i would make this a visit.Other reviews are spot on - this pastry shop is a blast from the past, with old lever-style cash registers and a history stretching back to the 30's. The cannoli's are basically perfect (how could you possibly improve upon them?), the smell of just walking in is amazing, and everything looks so good. Also as mentioned, it is a bit pricy, but I don't think it is overpriced (you get what you pay for).Ah Cannoli mecca!! Ah Termini! How I love thee...even when not a perfect experience and I've left all my money with you.
I am drawn to visiting the original Art Deco building when I'm in Philadelphia because it always takes me back in time. Outside you see a grand old neon sign, buzzing away, beaconing you to take a photo from just underneath at dusk (I have and do each visit). 
Walking in the door, you are struck by the mother of all dessert buffets: a grand wood and glass open display case (no touching!) that you can quickly imagine has been in use over 100 years. Surrounding that are other antique display cases and marble filled with myriad sweet loveliness. Looking up, you see an almost perfect specimen of a tin-ceiling and trim. 
Employees dressed in simple uniforms greet you and become your personal guides usually. In the case of the Christmas holidays as when I visited this week, you see them after an extended wait wrapped around said buffet case!! Our wait was 45 minutes and I felt lucky, though my companions may disagree with me.
They get a tray and select whatever you show an interest in. I'm sure if it wasn't Christmas, I may have gotten some delectable samples. But with a building filled with slightly cranky, rushed folks looking to get on their holiday way, I"m thinking that was frowned on. Your personal Termini guide can also explain what these all are since there are no identifying tags to say (for the novice such as myself) what I am drooling over. Once done, they box your pastries up old-school style, in a white cardboard box and tie it by hand with string and a smile. Lovely!
My friend who was originally from Philadelphia always recommends I get the Cheesecake (he says that is "to die for") but since I haven't had yet, I can't speak to it. It looked tasty but plain. I'm sure it's not based on other experiences here. I find sometimes the simplest item hides a joy-ride of flavors. 
I enjoy the Torrone and the Cannoli is really fabulous. Let me say I'm not a Cannoli fan. My sister is. I have tried to love them over the years but just can't find it in me. These Cannoli are really different. The shell is thicker--with some umph behind it. The cream inside (I got the originals) wasn't sickeningly sweet as some are, but creamy and fills your mouth in a little adventure ride. I really liked it and will have it again. 
That said, my companion who taste-tested with me also loved the Cannoli (we got 2) but was less interested in the Torrone (we got 2). She felt they were too sweet, though she enjoyed the fresh pistachio (I think). We picked up Biscotti (3) for others and between the 7 items we were shocked back to sanity when the bill was tallied, by hand of course with a pad and pencil. I always forget how costly everything is. I guess no names showing also means no pricing showing--a great way to get those visiting to follow their hearts and not their heads. Then again, we all could do with following out hearts more in this world.
Either way, we stopped there and decided next trip up to Philly from Maryland we would try a few other items. We will save up for the trek I think.
Come to Termini for the flavors--the old school vibe, the lovely Art Deco building, the framed shots of the famous who have visited over the years (think Frank Sinatra) and the gorgeous photo-worthy neon outside. Yes, it's spendy. But it's the experience and one day we won't have those experiences to visit...I only gave it 4 stars because I didn't like the chocolate covered banana. I think, it's because I don't like the raspberry jam in it. (It could be that I'm not a fan of raspberry) 
I got 3 ricotta cannoli! There were delicious! I definitely recommend the ricotta cheese over the vanilla. I didn't try the chocolate one though. 
The staff is nice and helpful. You're not allowed to reach in and grab the goodies on your own. They have to get it for you.
Luckily for my bf and I, we were able to sample the lemon and blueberry cake! I definitely prefer  the blueberry cake over the lemon. I will be back for the blueberry cake next time!Best Italian bakery I had ever had!  That's a big statement coming from me.  The cannoli was awesome!  Best Cannoli I had ever had.  They have this banana covered with chocolate and other ingredients that is a must try.  Definitely will go back!I think I just got carried away after seeing all those delicious pictures someone posted of the pastries there... so I went over with a friend the next day and picked up the chocolate chip cannoli, two cupcakes, and a carrot cake.
I've read all the people raving about the fantastic cannolis there, and I've decided that it's just a Philly thing. I grew up in CT and this was actually the first one that I ever tried. It was ... meh; alright, a little too creamy and sweet. The other two things I got were pretty generic and tasted like it too. I didn't feel like they were anything special at all.
On the plus side, they give free samples for their pastries :)I was the only one in the store and I only had one box of cookies and wandered around a few times. I tried to pay and the wretch working there told me I had to get in line since 3 people walked in after me. A little nit-picky, are we?Strawberry cheesecake is amazingly delicious..strawberries are fresh and the cheesecake is not overly sweet. Yum!!Had my first famous Termini Cheese Cannoli today at the italian festival. It deserves all the hype it receives. $4.00 and worth every penny!!Oh em freaking gee, such great desserts and pastries to absolutely die for. If there is any one thing you have from this place it has to be the Canoli's they will take you to another level. The Black Forest cake and chocolate cake were also good but I guarantee you won't find a cannoli like this anywhere else. The staff was friendly and quick overall great experience.My first time is this area and i just stumbled on this
 establishment while i was getting my car fixed.  Grest place.  I was surprised to see this level of decor And choice of pastry in a shop in this area.  They place has an old fashioned style reminiscent of the mid 20th century.   There pastries,  while a little pricey,  are excellent and is a type of quality you wont find in many of your local pastry shops.    Canolis are the bomb there