Service was very slow and waitress was nowhere to be found after 30 mins . Then, mistaked our order and took an extra 30 mins to send it to our table.I love TGIF. It's the jack Daniels sauce that keeps bringing me back, but not to this location. This is the first time we ordered from this location, we tend to make the drive up to kop but I wanted to give this place a shot. 
We called ahead, both entres from the jack Daniels grill; flat iron steak and the sirloin with shrimp, medium and medium raw both mash potatoes. When we arrived back to the house, both steaks were well done and I couldn't eat mine because it tasted burnt. They also forgot the shrimp. They charged us, but it wasn't packaged for us. We were both tired from driving 2 hours so I wasn't in the mood to drive back just for shrimp. I just ate the mash potatoes drenched in the sauce. I thought I could eat anything wih that sauce, boy was I wrong. A burnt steak still tasted like a burnt steak. The next night, my friend wanted to make it up to me so he drive all the way to kop and ordered the same thing. This TGIF got it right. I seriously love that sauce though.I came to the restaurant expecting to be greeted by a energetic waitress but that was not the case.   When I asked about the specials I was given only a portion of them.  I looked on my phone for the other specials. When given a drink from my waiter I did not enjoy the taste and I wanted to request something different but I could not find my waitress for about 8 minutes.  I decided to go to the bar to get a different drink.  When I did this the waitress seemed annoyied.  The people I came with got there appetizers before I did and I was served almost 5 minutes after.   Overall my meal tasted alright but my experience was not too pleasant.  I will not be returning.TGIF !!! Jack Daniels strips !!! with a side of fries . Jack daniel chicken sandwich or the jack daniel chicken !!  lol you can never go wrong with chicken (;Horrible location. Awful service. Ran out of standard items, chicken strips, but didn't tell us until 20 min after we ordered. Not sure what they were doing up until then. 
Wait staff is always MIA and they don't make eye contact. Just awful! I won't be backI like TGI Friday's frozen food, and their snack food. I had a good meal at the TGI Friday's downtown. But this one was terrible. Really terrible. They were busy, and we didn't mind the wait, but the food was cold when we got it, and very sorry looking. A suspicious person might  have wondered if we had been served kitchen rejects or leftovers--it was that bad. Drink glasses were dirty, too--they looked like leftovers. I will never eat in this TGI Friday's again.The worst experience ever.. 2 hour wait and burnt food.. Never again.. First they said a half hour then said they called our party and we had to put our name in the back of the list.. Then waited for our food for an hour.. Salmon was cold and shrimp was burnt until black.. Music was loud it was like a club.. The staff was more concerned with the club bar area instead of serving the customers..Service & Staff- Unacceptably incompetent  
Food- Pretty darn good! 
Establishment- Shut this place down! 
Walked in & waited at the hostess station to be seated or greeted. No one there for 10 mins. Flagged down a few people who seemed to be lost & still in training mode. Surveying the restaurant I see there are a handful of tables occupied. Plenty were empty. 
Finally we were seated at a table. Sat there for 10-15 mins until a waitress came. I'm already frustrated from earlier, so this just raised my frustration up another notch, although I TRY my hardest to understand & be patient. People who were seated right next to us were seated AFTER us & received their apps and entrees BEFORE us. WHY? Because our waitress spent 15-20 mins at a table with older woman explaining about their split checks all the while dancing & singing with no urgency in the world. 
Our entrees came out WITH the app (which was cold) & 10 mins later the kids meal which was ordered before the rest. At this point I'm just ready to leave. We explained that what happened was not ok & the waitress assured us she'll talk to the manager & possibly comp something. Check came & no comp on total bill. Pointed this out & she said "Ugh flagging down this manager is so hard!" Ummmm......that's not my problem! They took it off & she had the audacity to say our total bill keeps going down (the free entree & now the comp)
AVOID! No amount of coupon, promotion or whatever is worth the horrible service you will receive.Most terrible service I've ever seen just getting off from work tired me and my girl friend haven't ate all day they bartenders are so rude to the point where we are trying to order and they are laughing saying stop walking past ya customers tried to add to the order she responded I dont even know your order number I understand this is busy but it's no exception I'm a manager at a good establishment myself and seeing this first hand makes me so mad at the fact that people get hired that doesn't care about your job if this was my crew I would be cleaning house havent gottten the food yetI really suspect that the only reason this place does any business is because it is in the same lot as the Crowne Plaza (which is a nice place by the way). From start to finish, I was thoroughly unimpressed and disappointed with the service. Nobody was rude, but it's clear that the servers either never learned how to properly care for customers, or they didn't practice what they had learned about how to handle customers. The two people at the front area ignored me and kept chatting with a person who had already been helped. After a third person (the only professional one) came over, we actually got seated. We waited 20 minutes for our food. My salad was dressed incorrectly and clearly not checked by the server. He then promptly disappeared for 20 minutes, only running past us to do the fastest check in I've ever seen. I did manage to see 3 staff members playing with their cellphones, at least 4 stopping to watch the TVs. Seemed to be more servers watching TV than doing work. Shameful. Whoever is in charge of this place needs to get a clue and start firing people. I feel bad for you if that's the best staff you can scrape up.There's a game on tonight and it's very loud in here the applicator is very comfortable and social.What can I even say about this TGI Fridays that hasn't  been said already? Well for starters the hostesses are rude and ignorant especially the female ones. The eye rolling and frowns are not welcoming. As a customer Ive had to chase down waitresses to place orders, to pay and for togo containers. They leave and never come back. I literally have to get up and find my own waitress. I once told the manager to reseat me because one side of the place smelled like mildew. I told him the rag I saw the dish collector using was where the smell was coming from. He moved me and the dish collector continued to wipe down the restaurant down with a dirty cloth. I still smelled it after moving.The restrooms are so nasty I will leave as soon as I have to go because Id rather stop eating and leave and go there. They are NEVER clean. I've been witness to a hostess and manager basically arguing with a customer because she was hung up on placing a togo order and wanted an apology. This place is terrible and so is their management. They need to hire new managers and staff and CLEAN. I work too hard to spend my money here.My friends and I frequent this location. This time are food was wrong two times for all parties. Waitress had an attitude by the end.The service was horrendous.  It took two hours (6:30 to 8:30) on a Wednesday night to get one appetizer and two entrees (one salad and one burger.)  The waiter walked by the table a dozen times and never refilled our fountain drinks.  He never said anything like, "Sorry for the wait," or, "Let me see what's taking so long."  He made zero attempt to make it right.
The food was pathetic.  Compare the advertised pictures to the actual food.  It would be hilarious if we weren't paying for it.I was hungry and this was literally the closes place I could get food. The last Friday's experience I had in NYC left me with a bad taste for this establishment so against my better judgement, I was like hey.. why not. 
The host at the door directed me to where I would go to place my order. I was directed to a counter at the back right next to the kitchen. There was a bunch of employees fooling around and making me feel like I was in their way. It was sooo awkward. There was a trash can that was clearly overflowing. I waited for about 7-10mins for someone to attend to me. When cashier finally came, placing my order was easy enough. I was advised to wait 15 mins for my food. 
I had no place to wait. There is no designated area for people waiting for orders. I got tired of standing and sat down at a table set for customers. I then noticed that someone had placed a pile of dirty plates. Oh well, what did I care. I just wanted to grab my food and go. 
A supervisor came and apologized for the plates and tried asking her team, who put them there? No one answered her. She put them away herself.
After 20 mins, a lady brought me my order and I left. My boneless wings were great but the service was rather bland. 
Please do better guys.Don't.... *Bryson Tiller voice*This is a very busy location but it is poorly managed. There typically is a 20" or longer wait for a table, yet there are many tables actually open. Instead of using the open tables, they just make people wait. The wait staff is not motivated and it takes a long time to be served. We waited 30" for a table and it took another 15" to get a waitress at the table. A manager actually came to our table to ask how everything was not even noticing we had no drinks or anything at the table. When I let him know we were waiting for a waitress, he took our drink order and apologized but that's where his intervention ended. It's took another 15 minutes to get our drinks from our waitress but it wasn't the correct drink order. She took it back and took another 10" to bring the right drinks! Basically, we waited 40 minutes for a server.  I will say that the food was very good and cooked appropriately but there was no additional service. No napkins, no refills, no visit from the server at all. We did notice the server spending some time with some gentleman at another table flirting away for a good 15 minutes so maybe that's what she was spending her time doing instead of waiting on tables. There are a lot of people who sit at the bar and it is a little loud but this could be a great place if it was better managed and the waitstaff were interested in actually serving the customers who were dining. I have been there twice and the service has been the same hence the reason I'm leaving the review it seems to be standard for this particular location.No stars. 45 min for chips and salsa 1 hour for boneless wings. Screwed up our order not happy at all. Been going to TGIF for 20 something years and this is the worstMy buddy & I went here last night around 10pm. He warned me we'll be waiting forever to eat, and that was far from music to my ears, especially because I left the house with bbq ribs on my mind, and hunger pains in my stomach. Well, long story short, the host sat us, and after 30 minutes, no one ever came to our table, everyone around us was complaining about the service, and one older lady even jokingly told me and my buddy, "The next time you come here make sure you bring your own sandwiches & food to eat, because you're gonna be waiting forever! We walked out...
I wouldn't recommend this place to anyone! Customer service was non-existent!The service is lacking. The food was OK. I would not come back here. Drive some more to somewhere else.Ordering takes forever, food takes forever to get to you.  Food was average at best.So I haven't been here in a Long Time but our Server Terren and the Manager Lars were exceptional. I really like how they both expressed their efforts to change the reputation of this place. We received great service and will start coming back to Friday's! Aka Club Fridays!So if you're drunk and want to get down this place is LIT.   Literally Club Fridays on Fridays and Saturdays.    Loud as heck too.   Place gets really really packed.   But sometimes I just want to chill and eat and have my food fast.   
If you're young or feeling like partying this place is 5 stars except for the wait time.  
If you're older or have a headache you'll think this place is too loud.As usual horrible service. This is the 4th time coming here and every time its horrible. Every time i come its always because i'll Be meeting friends that choose to come here. I never eat! We sat down at 8:20 a server finally came at 8:40 the food came at 9:15pm. As im writing this review a group of females are arguing with another table. Thank god for the free henny punchThree stars because the food was good. But, the service was just bad. When we arrived, there was no one to seat us. We waited at the hostess stand for about 10 minutes. When we were finally taken to a table, it was still dirty, and needed to wait for them to clean it, while we stood around waiting. Once we sat, it took forever to get our drinks (4 waters), and also utensils. Out of all honesty, it's a chain, but the service should still be good. I'd go back if service improved.This place is awful!! Servers AND managers were both extremely rude. The food was ok...but the staff there ruined my experience.Pros: 
-The one bartender is thee best! I forget her name though :( I just know she's a TU student, is the sweetest, very hardworking & makes the best Long Islands.  
-Food is pretty good
-Fun atmosphere
-Manager comes out with free dessert or appetizer coupons 
Cons:
-PACKED!!! I swear no matter what time it is, there's always so many people in there, so good luck getting a seat at the bar if that's your plan.
-I swear the portions at the bar are different when sat at a table - when I order wings & fries from the bar, I get a big basket of both. When I order it at the table, the portion size is so small.
Anywho, I love coming to this place for the prices, atmosphere, & that one bartender.They need 2 hire a whole new staff they will have u wait 15 min b4 they even bring u a menu then they take ur order and it still take hr 4 ur food to come out and it's not like they r busy at 3pmSoooo I haven't been to this location in years, but I was pleasantly surprised. If you're a philly native then you know we refer to this location as Club Friday's. However, it was pretty chill when I went and that was on a Saturday. I was a little hesitant because they were closed down due to a heath code violation a few months ago. Anywho, my server was great, I wished I remembered her name. I had one of those sample apps, a steak entree, and a few drinks. The appetizers were good, especially the mozzarella sticks. The steak was cooked to perfection, medium of course and the drinks were delicious. Definitely not the watered down drinks these restaurants try to serve. They have these huge punches (2ppl) they serve in a fishbowl type glass, about 35 ounces) and its only $20. After dinner, it took us another half hour to finish that monster of a drink. If you haven't been to Friday's in awhile, give it another try. I definitely enjoyed my last experience there and will be back.Dine In:
I like eating lunch here when they just open (11:00 am). Compare to other TGI Friday's that I've been to, this one can be really crowded and too loud. This is definitely a place if you want to really have fun with your friends and get loud. I wouldn't recommend this place for like a date or eat with your kids. 
I guess the bad reviews about their service is when the place is crowded, and waiters can't keep up and became lousy. This is why as I mentioned above, I only come around 11 - 12 pm when they just opened and the place is still clean and neat. 
Take Out:
I've only ordered one take out from this place. The food was fine.In a word .... Pit. Lazy staff, cold food. Avoid it. This is possibly one of the worst Friday's I have EVER seen.Worst place the waitress messed up our meal than my wings came and hair was sitting right there on the top when the waitress saw it she apologized and said she would be right back but she had a lot of tables so I think she forgot and I seat there for a while with the hairy wings in front of Me until she came back to grab them by than my family was done eating I told her I wasn't interested in Ordering to bring us the Bill and she took them off the Bill gross place.The experience on this t.g.i fridays was the worst.
-waited for 15 minutes to be asked for drinks and when she came before asking what would I like to drink she asked if we where ready to order
-the food felt as if it was preheated on the microwave specially the ribs 
-basically throwed the beer in my table and didnt gave me a glass (but she did gave glass to other tables)
-my gf ordered a frozen margarita and it tasted as frozen lemonade, we asked for a change (kindly) and she didnt (but did changed the same drink to the other table which complained for the same thing!)
We leaved after the apetizers, we felt as we where simply not welcomed to the place."Welcome to Thunderdome"
I would give this place negative stars if I could.  My daughter and I were staying nearby at the Hilton and decided to walk to get something to eat.  I should have read the reviews before hand but being a chain I assumed there would be some consistency, first mistake.  We gave our name and were told there was a 15 minute wait? More than half the tables were empty?  When we were seated, the waitress asked if we were ready to order and walked away without a response from either of us.  The reason, a group of guys who should have been cut off were shoving and yelling and throwing beer mugs.  After the whole kitchen staff came out with their phones, the server came back and took our order.  These guys were not asked to leave by management and other guest even began yelling. Some more yelling, mediocre food, a lot of F bombs and $40 later we were ready to leave.  But, the manager was blocking the door because the group was now in the foyer pushing one another again.  Read and trust the reviews, STAY AWAY!I'm actually in this Friday's right now
 I ordered the Jack Daniels chicken sandwich and the chicken was thick but tough. Chicken breast should not be tough yaw! So you know I sent it back. Then I just decided something quick - And I ordered the loaded nachos with chicken and all this melted cheese/black beans. About 3-4 pieces of chicken could they spare another piece o God!
The manager order this me because the server sent him over. My son enjoyed his food,but as usual I'm leaving Friday's disappointed! No  time soon will I becoming here. Another waste of cash . Last time I was here I was food disappointed.Typical TGIF what can I say?
Very convenient location on City Ave
Seated promptly but service lagged behindGreatly known as Club Friday's  (City Line Ave location), the wait to be served was beyond unacceptable!! Received our drink order after an hour but waited another just to place our food order. It took 2 hours to receive utensils and once we did they were not given out they were placed in the middle of the table. "Grab your own style". I was there with 2 adults (me included), a 10 yr old, a 2 year old, and 6 month old sleep in her stroller next to our table. After being ignored for over an hour 2 host actually asked us could we fold up our stroller that was near our table so another table could be moved over. No we could not! A baby was sleeping. The food was just okay! I ordered a Jack Daniels burger with no bacon and of course it came out with bacon. 3 orders of burgers. The rolls were so hard, my 10 yr old asked if the burgers were on bagel buns! Ha! No, they are "fresh" soft buns NOT! If you are looking for a drink, a wild night, loud environment and don't care, go here. If you care and want prompt service- drive by!!The food good the service f***ing sucks its the worst i went there years ago and it was bad but this was the worst ever it was 10pm i just got done seeing dark knight at kop on my way home my bf and i decided to get a late night snack nothing major just a couple apps.  First it took someone a good 5 min to even notice that we were there cuz no one was at the hostess stand then they told us the wait was 10 min i was like wait there was 3 tables right near the door empty so we waited he sat us down and said our server would be right over 20 min later now lie i am surprised i waited that long he took our order including drinks and never even said sorry for the wait so were order and figuring he would come back with our drinks yeah right they did not come out till he brought the food which took a bit long for 2 sampler platters then he happened to walk by again and we asked for second drink half way through the meal he said ok never saw him for 15 min we sat there looking at each other done our food and no drinks no check no waiter we told another waiter in the section to get our waiter we wanted our check out waiter came back and left the check on the table and never brought the second drink so we paid and left no tip by the way and i never ever do that never i refuse but i guess he was not worried he was to busy with whatever since we hardly saw him at his other tables in the section.  I will never go there again i will drive to center city out of my way next time.Fridays is great the jack Daniels sauce is to die for and they have every drunk in the book just great food always got great consistencyThe food was pretty good, what you'd expect at a Friday's. However, our wait at lunchtime seemed longer than necessary and put us in a bit of a time crunch. If you're in the mood for TGI Fridays food, I'd recommend eating there, but just not if you're in a hurry.Always love always good people you feel like family when your a first timer or a regularSo this place was down in the dumps before AI rolled into town.  AI created a new vibe in this place.  This place is making moneeey now thanks to AI.  Hope he is getting a piece of the gold.
Just asked if I can get the flyers game on and one of the amazing bartender says they haven't had Comcast here since AI left Philadelphia.  What?  Can't even enjoy a Sixers, flyers or a Phillies game here?  
Done!!!I brought my mom here for lunch. Overall, everything is okay. I had a burger, but I've had better. The wait wasn't long. And the host and other waiters were overall respectful. Don't know what it's like getting there when the crowd swells. It was alright.Called in for take-out. Guy on the phone told me food will be ready in 15-20 minutes. Now I'm here it's damn near past 30 minutes since I ordered. No biggie though, because it was busy in there. I used to work in a restaurant, understand. I should of walked out as soon as I walked in the door. I didn't feel comfortable inside. It was very loud, and somewhat unruly inside. A lot of hood rat customers was in there. Their conversations was way too loud! Not surprised though. Hunger prevailed over common sense. Some of the waiters acted unprofessionally. I think I saw one dancing like she was in a rap video, and talking hoodrat slang. She should of left that sh-t at home, or for the birds. Anyway, I enjoyed the steak. I don't recommend dining in if you looking for a quiet family type atmosphere with good service. You won't get it here. This place 2 stars at best. I will not repeat!!! There were some doable chocolate honey waitresses working in there though. I would only come back here only if I can eat them...lol.A lot has changed since I've been here but my daughter is expecting and was craving mozzarella sticks, so she went for endless apps. Our server was great but the food was so so. If I never go back I will be fine.Quite possibly the worst tgi Friday in the USA. Extremely crappy service. Takes 30 mins to get your order taken after waiting 30mins for a table.
It took this location over an hour to get the orders to the table only to find out they messed the orders up!
Incompetence rules here. If you still decide to come here....good luck. I have to give it a star because yelp won't let me give it a black hole.
Not recommended. T.G.I. Fridays should check up on this location...they're losing out. BIG TIME.There is absolutely no reason for service to be this slow. No excuse at all. And the fact that they have security in here makes me wander how ratchet this place really is? The staff is too laid back..dont come here unless u like waiting in 20 minute intervals to find ur waitress...Great service from John and Daryn!!!! They are awesome bar tenders!!! Come to this location and definitely ask for them. They will take good care of you!!!worst food place ever, i wouldnt even call it a restaurant
I ordered a jack Daniel ribeye with half rack rib and my girl ordered a flat iron, both medium. But both came out over well done. The rib is like plastic. The "ribeye" isnt really ribeye, more like cheap beef from dollar tree. 
The drinks cannot be worse. 
Seriously, dont even try.Complete waste of my life. Terrible service and mediocre food are the only accurate descriptions of this place. I was served old, brown broccoli, my steak was undercooked, and I was up charged to replace my side, which is mash potatoes by default, to French fries. My waitress, diamond, was completely rude and inconsiderate and the management was just as bad. Went I called him I over to tell him about my experience his face already told me he didn't want to hear what I had to say, and actually had the audacity to argue with me over the quality of my food. The worse customer service I've ever experienced and I work in food service. Save yourself the money and NEVER EVER COME TO THE FRIDAYS ON CITY AVE!Terrible experience me and my girlfriend went here for a drink and a quick bite to eat, first the hostess seemed as though she didn't  want to seat us. Then we sat there at our table for 30 mins while servers walked by us no one took my order or even cared to ask if we had been helped. Literally watched other people be seated and order and receive there food before anyone came to our table.Then when the server finally came we asked to speak with a manager she left and came back 10 mins later to tell us the manager couldn't speak with us. Absolutely terrible service will never go to this particular Friday's again!I'll admit I'm a little biased because Fridays is one of my favorite places to go. The food is good, drink are good. But the wait can be pretty lengthy.Wow! Would have been nice to even try to order food like some of the other reviews. Yet, I never got the opportunity. Their staff has been so scathingly terrible that this is my first and last review and the last time I'll ever try this restaurant. In the past I've always been met with the long wait to sit and order food for no apparent reason similar to other reviews. The final straw was last night when After nearly a year of not eating here I tried to place an Order for carry out. I was met with hearing the hostess' conversation with co-workers for about 15 sec before she actually even gave a greeting! Really??!  She was not cordial in anyway. In addition, she transferred me to the kitchen to make my order and no one ever picked up! After two attempts, and complaining to the hostess (which obviously went nowhere) I gave up. Never will go back...Me and my friends just go for the drinks on Wednesday for the 5$ Long Island ice teas....wow! That's all imma sayThe most unprofessional and unsanitary place ever
VERY LOUD MAJORITY NOISE WAS FROM THE STAFF SCREAMING... Waiters trying to take numbers for personal dates..smh
The trash can overflowed as it sat next to the ice barrel.Finally when staff moved the trash can because i was watching another staff pulled it right back next to the ice barrel that the staff was using to serve drinks..... No one used the ice scooper at.
When staff decided to finally change the trash bag a piece of trash fell in the ice barrel and he left it there. 
The next waiter needed ice for a table and used the cup to scoop with one hand and the other hand to grab the trash out of the ice barrel and put it back in the trash ....
My waiter comes and say i saw you watching so i used the ice scooper ...... That was enough for me .....This place was horrible on a Thursday night at 9pm i can only imagine other nights..
What a nightmare I ran out and won't be backZero stars!! My group called ahead for the party and it took over an hour for a salad and I walked out because an hour later- still no food? Are you kidding me? We ordered quickly asked for checks when we ordered, so unprofessional and unorganized. A salad!!!Called in for take out today, figuring that the post game croud would have cleared out already.After calling and being hung up on twice, I should have known.I just had to have those J.D Ribs.After the third call and 5 minutes on hold I finally placed my order to very un pleasant gentleman on the other end "Ma'am im trying to take your order" over the loud screaming and conversations on his end "Can you speak slower or come in to place your order"After placing my order I was told 20 minutes...which I knew would be more like 35minutes.1 hour later, still no food.After I was told to wait at the bar with my two year old son, I was not pleased! The manager offered to give me a two free desserts, whicch by the way if I wanted them I would have to wait another 20min.lol.If I want J.D ribs next time i'll make them myself.Service was pretty bad. We were not greeted by our server for a long time. Once it was time for us to be seated, they took us to a table in a dark corner and we had to move the table over towards the light so we could see. My drink took forever to come out. Our food also kept coming out separately, and everybody knows that everyone at the table is supposed to get their food at the same time. I understand that it was busy at the time but some things are just unacceptable.Exactly what you expect from a TGI.  Food is average service is average. They need to fix the tablet capabilities to handle multiple payersCame here after a long 2 hour church service . Surprisingly almost empty . Got seated right away .We immediately  went to the endless app menu. Of course it is limited to your usual boneless wings , meatballs , flatbread . The usual . We took the hate .All together We tried the pot stickers , boneless buffalo wings , bbq chicken flat bread and the meatballs . Everything was good except the meatballs being all pork and the texture being mooshy . The portions also get smaller as you go a long or at least that's what it seemed like (conspiracy theory ) . All in all not a bad experience and the drinks were made well as well . We got the Crown Apple Sour and A long Island . Staff was friendly and quick . 
Side Note : If your from philly and familiar with this location there is a running joke that this is "Club Fridays " because on most days after a certain time there is a full blown DJ and party music .Well, I can't say much about this Friday's for my visit in July, 2015. The Greeter was the only positive point, as he was very nice. I then sat at a table in the bar area, which was not crowded, maybe about 1/2 full. There may have been between 3-5 people  behind the bar at any time, sometimes not busy, and not one person of any type of job came over to me in the 15 minutes before I walked out. 
Parking can be tricky, as they share a lot with a large hotel.In the few and far between times I actually visit this Fridays, it always has a way of reminding me just how delicious black men can be. I forget sometimes...sue me. 
I admit it. I come here for two reasons. The eye-candy and the drinks. For those reasons alone I have no interest in coming here unless its on a Friday or Saturday night. The food is solid at times and a major letdown at others. Depends on how much the waiter/waitress likes you. The majority of my experiences have been pretty ok. I've even had a waiter flirt with me in front of my father. Now that's bold. 
For food I suggest either the Sizzling Parmesan Crusted Chicken or Sizzling Chicken and Cheese. These dishes have yet to fail me.  Don't bother with the steaks or the ribs. Save that money and go to a legit steakhouse.
The drinks are usually strong and not too bad a hit on the wallet. They have a large variety which is always nice.
It definitely is the place for the grown (but not always so sophisticated) to hit up before going out. Some even make this their night out. 
One thing I did like is that I can still take my younger siblings (12,14) here on a Saturday after 10, and not worry about reckless behavior, profanity, and or drunk messiness. Maybe that happens after 12...I'd have to agree with Misha. This location is pretty 'hood for the neighborhood it happens to be in.
That being said, that didn't stop my friend and I from ordering a few drinks and having a good time. We ordered the Island Punch which is amazing (even though its like $9, it's a nice size).
Whoever designed the bathrooms must've been a huge fan of Labyrinth though. Each stall faces a different angle/wall; it's rather weird.Went a few weekends back with my fiancé since I got coupons in the mail. 
It was a bit crowded and loud,but, were in the mood to drink and party. We took a seat at the bar. 
I will say they were a little pricier than comparable chains,but, the service was good and the food came out perfect. A steak, burger, sides,  and drinks galore which also included a bottle of wine and  huge Long Island iced teas in the mix among others came out to be $70 with tip. Drunk me is always a little more generous than my usual 15%. Especially since we had a good time.
Would return.I've had mixed experiences with different TGI Friday's restaurants, but this one is consistently terrible.  Most of the servers are rude and don't seem to care about customer service (my apologies to the few who do), and the quality of the food is inconsistent at best.  I was once served a bowl of soup and was told they were out of spoons.  There are plenty of other places in the area to go for pub food.  I'd suggest going to one of them instead.
And if you get the feeling that the place isn't that clean, their health inspection reports pretty much confirm this.  Gross.Friday afternoon., it was a little busy but we got seated after 15-20min. Food came in a reasonable time. My steak wasn't as tender as I expected but not bad. My friend pastas were cold so they heated up for her. Overall it was fine.What a disaster.  My co worker and I were there two weeks ago for lunch.  Our server was the brightest spot in this farce.   She was kind, funny, and did her best.  The spinach flatbread was good, I have to say.  The rest was awful.  The korean steak tacos were so bad that I spit it back out into my napkin.  My co worker asked for butter and it took about 15 minutes. Why?  The server explained to us that everything that comes out of the kitchen requires a ticket.  MELTED BUTTER required a ticket.  Wow.  
How did this place stay open and Houlihan's closed?Slow service, slow staff. Half empty restaurant and they told us it would be 15 mins for a table. When we said we were going somewhere else they were miraculously able to seat us. Long wait for food despite it being 2:30 pm on a sunday. Panera, chipotle, and California pizza kitchen are all within walking distance....go to one of those instead.I and my daughter stopped in tonight to grab a quick bite. unfortunately, no server ever came to our table.we waited 15-20 minutes. granted it was busy, but no one introduced themselves to us, or even acknowledged our presence. after becoming frustrated from hunger, I took my child and left. my understanding only comes from having worked for the company in the past, at a different location. but, given that experience and training, I know that the lack of professional etiquette was totally unacceptable. I am seriously considering never eating there again.Just horrible, took 20 minutes to take my order (carry out) & another 20 minutes just for a salad. Something needs to giveAfter my first experience, I should have took my own advice.Once again, take out Monday and I pick Friday's. I can't help it, I have a serious addiction to the J.D Sampler. Something about that sauce makes me brave horrible customer service.Called in my order at 730 exacly, knowing that this should be a busy time.Surprizingly, after 1 ring I got a somewhat polite gentleman on the other end, I give them one star for that. He took my order and almost got it correct the first time,1/2 star up! Food was promised at 745.I'm not a genuis but I know that 15 minutes is not a realistic time. 8:25....almost a hour (again) and the once polite gentleman, forgot my side salad.Unfortunatley I can't give credit for promising me my food at certain time and not delivering .So I take back all the stars and start from square one.
All in all food was good....Thank God it's not Friday!!!!This is the worst fridays I have ever been to. I took my parents there who are in from pittsburgh. The service sucks and the place is to loud 
Never come hereI really suspect that the only reason this place does any business is because it is in the same lot as the Crowne Plaza (which is a nice place by the way). From start to finish, I was thoroughly unimpressed and disappointed with the service. Nobody was rude, but it's clear that the servers either never learned how to properly care for customers, or they didn't practice whatnot here learned. The two people at the front area ignored me and kept chatting with a person who had already been helped. After a third person (the only professional one) came over, we actually got seated. We waited 20 minutes for our food. My salad was dressed incorrectly and clearly not checked by the server. He then promptly disappeared for 20 minutes, only running past us to do the fastest check in I've ever seen. I did manage to see 3 staff members playing with their cellphones, at least 4 stopping to watch thThe food was good. However both our Cobb Salads came out with no chicken on them. Our daughter ordered never ending apps. We were almost done eating when they finally came out. Then she asked for another order and we ended up taking them home. The 45 minutes we waited wasn't worth the headache!I have to say even though some of the reviews are negative I can't say the same thing. I haven't always been happy with TGIF in other locations but not here. We ate 2 meals here this week and it was very good. The servers were very courteous and friendly.The Fridays on City Line Avenue is very noteworthy indeed. The service SUCKS. And the funny thing is that I work there. Yes, I am amazed at my co-workers lack of respect for their job and their customers. This is the only restaurant that I have been to that I have seen a customer ask a waiter for help and for the waiter to respond, "I am not your waiter, that's not my job. You need to ask your waiter for that."
Granted, there are a few good servers. But the majority lounge around in the kitchen, avoiding work and waiting on their tables at all costs.  Yes, the food may be good at Fridays but if you are looking for exceptional service , look elsewhere. Or just ask for me when you come. :)Not that I give Fridays any sort of credance...but it's sort of food. And it got to the table.  Server was slow. He didn't refill drinks.  He didn't inform us of options with our meals (side order options.) The food was bland. Not even overly salty like most overly processed crap they typically churn out. The place overall is kinda grungy.  And noisy. Skip it and hit the place next door.  Potbelly station, California pizza kitchen, pei Wei...etcthe place is simply put,  disgusting the food is obviously heated the meshed potatos is sickening and obviously at least two days old. I tried my luck with steak thinking at least it is just a grilled piecw of meat but i couldnt finish it. 
The service staff are friendly and trying to be thier best but you cant really help it if you have a bad kitchen and ambience.
Finally I got sick two days later I guess one never stops learning..the hard way.The staff is okay at best. The place is always jam packed so I guess that explains why they take forever. I don't think I've ever been here and haven't had to wait to be seated.So far as food is concerned, one star is generous.  If I were to rate service, certainly 4 -- maybe even 5 stars.  So the good first.  We had a short wait and the host kept us informed on how much longer.  Our server, Juanita was pleasant, courteous, and attentive, making sure we had napkins, water, lemon for the iced tea, extra half-and-half for the coffee, etc.  When I pointed out that the steak I had ordered medium rare was cooked medium well + she had it taken off the menu.  So I don't want to carry this on too far.  Let me just say that the only discernible seasoning was salt and a whole lot of that.  We won't go back to this -- or any other -- Friday's.If I could give this location a 0 out of 0 ratings, I would. My table of five came in today around 3:57pm and were seated but nobody came to our table at all for drinks or food. When we were seated, we were told our waitress would be right over. At 4:18pm, we still had no waters or any service at all. One of my friends went to the wait staff who were all huddled up together talking for assistance and was told someone will be right over. A couple of minutes pass and still, nothing. Another friend asked for assistance again even if for just water and we were told that we were seated in an area with no wait staff assigned but they would figure it out. We waited until about 4:35pm and still... Nothing. We walked out without even glasses of water on our table.This place is a disasterrrrr, i would never step foot with my son here again. Service was alright, the waiter took 3-4 customers orders at one time inc mines n my son's orders, must be very tough on him...Food was served on time, and it was just too good and iwas satisfied w it... After our 1st course meal, All of our dirty plates were stacked in front of us and noone seems to bother to come and clear it up until after an hr we been there. Its pretty busy for a Monday afternoon but they need to work on their services, needs alot of improvements !!!While I see a lot of negative posts, I have to say I was pleasantly surprised at my experience. It took a minute to be seated, they didn't have a hostess at the front stand, so the poor waiters kept running back and forth to make sure everyone that came in would be seated right away. 
Sorry to say, I don't remember our server's name, but he was a very tall man, bald and was extremely pleasant the whole time. 
They offer lunch specials, but they are printed in the back of the HUGE menu they have. I can only assume it so people order from the regular menu. I had the chicken fingers lunch special and got to choose from an additional add on (Bruschetta, Salads, Soup). The chicken fingers were above what I was expecting and the fries were hot, crispy and delicious! 
I'd definetely come back here if I was in the area again!This place was absolute shit. The service was HORRIBLE. The waitress Stephani was barely seen. Our drinks sucked and we didn't even get napkins or a sorry for the wait. She was back there with the cook holding hands cause I freaking saw her when she needed to be doing her damn job. I been to other Fridays and it was great example in Delaware. This one is ghetto and they can seriously give to shits about there customers.Very poor service! Went with a party of 12 and the food came out very sporadic. People in the party were finished eating while some of us were still waiting for food. I sent back my beer twice because it was the wrong beer. The place was not even busy and they had plenty of help. Manager was absent! A sad sad place. They should be ashamed.Worst service ever ! One of the host has an angry ass attitude but the manager wasn't even fucking better, me and my friends have been sitting here for over an hour and haven't got a clean table or menu or nothing this is crazy. Don't come here !Poor service. Poor food. Took at the minimum 8 minutes for our waitress to come back Everytime we needed a drink or the check or utensils - not to mention she asked if we wanted utensils. We won't be back. Can I give it a half star ?A big place and usually busy - very factory like atmosphere and so-so food.  However, it beats the hotel food (next to the Crowne Plaza - sharing the same parking lot) - and you can do take out.We came just for dessert & drinks and it was excellent, friendly & quick.  The wait staff doted over our children.  The chocolate peanut butter pie was yummy, and they gave our daughter a lot of ice cream for our buck-fifty.Absolutely the slowest and worst TGIF I have ever been too. It's lunch time but we have to sit at bar??? WTH??? Loud and obnoxious people. Never again.Forget my last review.  So unhappy with my last visit.
The place is on a wait while every person working there is just chit-chatting away.
4 bar tenders talking while our drinks sat empty, I had to ask for refills twice.  Portions were so small, I got 12 small fried shrimp and about half a potato in fries.  Rude inattentive staff, small portions, dirty bathrooms avoid this place.This place can be pretty bumping at night which is fun, but combined with Shitty service it really isn't worth it. Get your shit to go, or go elsewhere!Poor service waited over a hour for our food and we only ordered appetizers. Waiter never asked if we needed any thing had to flag down other servers for service. Kitchen was not accommodating and I'll never eat at this fridays again I'll drink at the bar and that is about it.Great place for happy hour or happy evening or happy day. Great drink and food specials. Good customer service. Attentive staff, for the most part. It does get a bit crowded and noisy, but hey. It's Fridays! And Friday nights are even more crowded and noisy. It becomes more of a bar than a restaurant. But hey. Again. It's Fridays!Usually I don't rate places on service but this place is pretty bar.  Just about on par with all the crappy service at the the chain restaurants on City Lina ave.  Went here for lunch a couple weeks ago and the waitress completely forgot our appetizer. The actual lunch food was...meh...okay but really slow.  Yeah I might go back in another year or so just to mix it up but not in the near future.  Also went once on a Sunday night and there was a deafeningly loud jazz band playing.  I would have are someone else but my date was starving.  Didn't really get the loud music though.I will never come here again. Waitress messed up the entire order. The manager said he would take care of the bill but only took off a few dollars and got ghost. The place should be shut down. So discussed ×100I order chicken and shrimp Alfaro it's was so slated I couldn't eat it the bring me a plane Alfaro service sucksService is ok. Food is about what you'd expect from a chain restaurant. Spinach artichoke dip is decent. Jack Daniels burgers are pretty good.One word "Ghetto." If you come on a Monday or Tuesday for drinks its not that bad cause no one is really here. But I came on busy night and walked right out because the place was FILLED with the ghetto/hood crowd and Philadelphia Police cars were sitting outside monitoring the place. Apparently, this was normal. Ummmm, it's not normal for police to have to monitor a restaurant all night. If your a restaurant that needs to have police outside on standby your restaurant has a big problem.Awful service from the reception to the servers terrible! I'm surprised this place hasn't closed down yet. It's horrendous.They have seen me for the last time. Super slow service. Re-fried French fries. A wing order, with side salad. 11.50 for 8 wing halves!And I was in there almost an hour. I got there at 3pm. I ate a similar meal in the Roxbourogh tavern. Add a drought beer. It's was $18...the same price. And It didn't take 35 mins!First time I went there the service was okay, but this it was awful.  The waitress did not even introduce her name to us nor did she even paid attention to us, the only time she did look at us was when she was talking our order.  Another thing, bring your own drink there too because to get the waitresses attention took us about 15-20 minutes (no exaggeration).  The crazy part is that this is all done on a Monday, there were no events going on, not even busy where we customers had felt neglected.
Don't go here, especially when you are starving!Just ate here and I have no complaints. Service was great...My server was very nice !! Got the house salad and the turkey and kale soup (which was delicious!!!!) . Very busy night but service didn't take too long at all.It is what it is. We've gone several times and it's generally just okay. Nothing to write home about in terms of service or food. On our last visit a cockroach crawled along the wall outside of the kitchen, so I doubt we'll be back soon, if at all.Fridays - well - what are you going to say - it's one of the BEST chain restaurants that are at a good serviceable price point for many people who may not be able to access quality food - speaking to my fellow foodies.  Because I have a location near my home - I would use it as a meeting location when I was dating.  It is good for cheap appetizers and drinks.  Usually the place is packed no matter when you go - this location - the service is ok - could use improvement.  The sound level is high and the people (customers) are obnoxious!!  I am usually in and out and would never dream of going here Fri & Sat!!  
Good thing - you can count on regular menu items and usually at reasonable prices.So I remember more stuff now.
We came in on a Friday afternoon and there was a bunch of people waiting. The lady in the front desk didn't even pay attention to us until we went in her face and asked her about the wait. She told us "about 30min" , that was correct we got a table a little after. I had a tiny steak with onion rings and some shrimps, it was ok. Juices were really good ( I forgot what we had )Update - server got slower and slower. Dessert orders we're wrong. But we spent about 40 mins waiting  between the dessert and check and for our cards back. Still, that aside it wasn't that bad an experience. 
Service was good, place was clean and tidy, we came for lunch on a Friday afternoon. Wasn't crowded, we were greeted at the door and seated immediately. Our server was polite and friendly, drinks lagged a little bit but nothing major. Good came after a decent amount of time and was hot and cooked well, order was correct. So no issues here.It's always a long wait and it's never organized. Once your seated your waiter takes forever to get you drinks. My last two visits here was horrible. Our server kept messing up our orders and our meal came out before our appetizers. We were at a small table and didn't have enough room for all of our plates so we had to be careful so nothing fell off of the table. It took our server forever to get us take out boxes and to go sauce. I could go on and on but you get the point.Awful service. Lazy ass employees that don't want to work. Took over half hour for a server to come although it was not busy. Took another half hour for him to bring drinks and another half hour for food to come. I reiterate, it was not was not busy at the time. The husband's cob salad came completely dry without any dressing. The chicken in my Caesar salad was like dry and cardboardlike. This place had the loudest music ever and I started to get a headache (yes it was THAT loud). I thought this was a restaurant, not a nightclub. Do not eat here unless you enjoy waiting for awful food and want a headache.Good burgers but slow service and apathetic staff members leaves a bad taste in the mouth.
 My co-workers and I decided to go to T.G.I. Fridays for lunch and we were promptly seated. After that, at least 10 minutes later, the server arrived expecting to take our order but we did not even receive the menus yet. Another 10 minutes went by, the server was very nice and took our order. 
 We ordered our appetizers and main entrees. When the food to arrive at our tables, we received our main entrees first. By the time we were finishing up our main entree, the appetizers arrived next. It wasn't a big deal but we were all anticipated on having the appetizers to come out first.
 There were a few times that we asked to have our plates exchanged and one of the staff members did not come back with new plates. So, we decided to let that slide. Another time, we asked to combine our checks since we sat at two different tables and the server came back with two separate checks. We wanted to consolidate our bill onto one single payment.
 Overall, our dining experience here at this T.G.I. Fridays was abysmal. I really wanted to like this place but unfortunately, there were a few too many unacceptable errors. If you want excellent customer service, I would recommend going elsewhere. If you want a quick bite to eat, I would recommend going elsewhere. If you want slow service and apathetic staff, I would recommend coming to this T.G.I. Fridays.Stick a fork in me, I'M DONE! I just had THEE WORST possible experience. Save for Revay(spell check). From the time we entered and were told there would be a 15-20 minute wait in an empty restaurant to the time the runner took our order and gave it to another table to the person that resembled a kitchen employee light up a blunt openly in the restaurant, all I can say is this place has consistently nosedived in service, quality  AND experience!  It SUCKED YAK NUTS! If I could give zero stars I would! Do yourself a favor, the watery drinks, tepid food and nonchalant staff are not worth the aggravation or indigestion. I won't be coming back.The food was better than usual, but the service was worse than usual...
My mom - if you knew my mom you would know what I mean by this - my MOM actually said the waitress must be getting by on her looks. lmao.
For the record, I don't feel the need to review Friday's, but I am so inspired by Mrs. Carrie E.'s pages and pages of reviews that I am just gonna start rating every place I go. lolI came to TGI Friday's with low expectations, and let me tell you, those low expectations were not even met. I walked in with a group of 12 on a Saturday afternoon when the restaurant was empty. The hostess took 15 minutes to sit while there was an abundance of vacant seats. Once we were seated in the back room, we waited another 15 minutes and never even saw a waitress. We walked out and NO ONE even noticed we left. The service is abominable and I would not recommend this place for even one drink. Good luck folks.Very disappointed here. Came in after walking 5K in today AIDS Walk Philly and attending church service. My parent and I decided that we wanted to go someplace nearby. My church happens to be around the corner from here. So let's begin at the beginning where everything went wrong.
We were in the restaurant for 10 minutes before we left due to poor service.
Upon arriving we were told that there would be a five minute wait before a table was available. Sure. No problem, many people might be coming out for Sunday Brunch. After being seated and given our menus, we noticed that there were several empty tables in the restaurant. So why the wait? We decide to look through our menus, and as I am making suggestions about starters/appetizers, I'm getting strange looks from my parents. Apparently they were missing pages from their menu. By this time, no server has come to our table to introduce themselves or take drink orders. My father returns to the hostess desk up front and request two new menu (without missing pages) and he is given two new menu. After looking through these menu, they notice there are still missing pages! (Shouldn't someone be checking these menus). 
During this time we are seated in the patio/glass enclosed area and we are burning up due to the sunlight. AND still no server has come to our table. No ice water...NOTHING! We finally decide to leave, and as the hostess sees us leaving, she asks what happened. We explain that no one came to our table, and we could find better service elsewhere.
I didn't expect perfection...but it was definitely lacking any quality service here.After a 30 minute wait on a to-go order for a Cobb salad with salmon I leave only to get home to a RAW small piece of salmon.Good food. Jack Daniels grill is a win. 
Let me be clear though. Depending on when you go, this place turns into Club Friday's.  From Thursday night on, this place becomes more bar than restaurant.  So, if you're ok with that, then cool. But if your wary of commotion, thirsty dudes and even thirtier chicks, then be warned. 
Now that you've been warned, I must say that I like the place when I decide to go.While I am not a big fan of this location for service, THEY ROCK with the BEST
RIBs in the neighborhood.  Carryout is easy and you always get great ribs!!!!
They have my business on those alone - smile.Yeah, this place sucks.  I normally avoid chains but I got invited for a work lunch with the big boss.  We got seated fast.  The place wasn't packed at all, but it was super loud and we waited an hour for our lunch, really?  I know they weren't importing the spice for my Caribbean chicken sandwich.  Also, I don't know what lawsuit they lost, but all their health info is on the menu now.  It was hard to find anything under 30G Saturated fat, 1600 calories and 3000g of sodium.  
About 45 minutes into our wait (we didn't say anything) the waitress came over and told us she informed the manager about our long wait and she didn't know why it was taking so long (asking the chef might be the first investigation spot).  That's fine, but the manager didn't give us any cut on the bill, he/she didn't even come over to us, so who cares if she told her manager?
My 10$ sandwich tasted pretty good but it wasn't worth the wait or hassle.  I know this place is on city line, but it was like 5-10% packed.  Go somewhere else.My boyfriend and I agree--eating here was the worst dining experience of our lives. It all began at the host stand, where we asked for a table with a view of a TV so we could watch March Madness. Despite a near-empty restaurant (apart from the bar area) we were told it would be a 30 minute wait. The host then showed us a list of menu items that  were unavailable, which was odd. Shockingly, we were led to a table just moments later. Our booth had peeling wallpaper, but we were hungry and just wanted to watch the game. A few minutes later a server came by to take our drink orders. When she returned with our waters she asked if we were ready to order. We replied "yes," but she walked away. Eventually a second server comes to our table and we place our order. In addition to my burger, I also ordered a strawberry daiquiri. Server #2 cards me and then walks away. About half an hour passes. It's 10 PM. We're exhausted. The table next to us had already complained to the manager and left. Server #2 returns and asks if we need anything. I ask for a refill of my water and remind him about the drink I ordered. My burger eventually comes and I scarf it down. Server #1 returns with the ketchup I had asked for. At this point, it's hard to know who our server actually is. It has also become increasingly difficult to focus on the game, as the music has switched to Migos and the volume has increased several decibels. People are appalled. TGI Friday's feels more like a club than a family-friendly restaurant. Expletives fill the room and several families had left with their children. Never in my life would I think that I would hear the "n-word" in a place that has a children's menu. The second server eventually comes by with my drink. After a sip it is apparent that there is no alcohol in it. I get the attention of Server #2 and tell him that there is no alcohol in the drink. His reply? "Yes there is." I assure him there is not. Server #1 returns ten minutes later and sits down next to me in the booth. At this point in time we are exasperated and very confused. I still have no idea why this woman thought it was appropriate to join us in the booth. We decided to ask her just to remove the drink from the order and to bring us our check. The second server brings us the bill and disappears with the card for at least ten minutes. We were so excited to finally get out of that unfortunate establishment and will not be returning. I downloaded the Yelp app before we even reached the car just so I could warn the greater Philadelphia area about this poor excuse for a TGI Friday's. We never figured out who our server was either.do not go here!! worst service? waited forever for the waiter to come serve us and to get apps. at the hour mark with no burgers in sight we called it quitsdisgusting @%*$hole of a place. ghetto as anything ive ever seen in the city. i actually pity the piss poor watistaff. i would rather work reparing broken porta pottys.I take back that pervious tip of very clean, the floors were very sticky, the bathroom was disgusting, my mom stepped in a puddle that just so happened to be urine! The service was very slow our waiter took 20mins to bring us our checks after we asked for it! The food was so horrible that we're on our way to California Pizza Kitchen as I yelp!TGI stands for The Ghettoest Inn.   This is a night club, not a TGI Friday's.  Corporate needs to step in.  Fights, foul language, drugs being used in the bathroom, drunks, and the rudest staff ever.  I'm sorry i wasted money here.  Food was good though.  Not a place for families or anyone over 25.After trying to decide whether to eat at Chili's, Houlihan's, or TGI Friday's, a friend and I realized that we were splitting hairs.  We figured we couldn't go wrong with TGI Friday's, but it turns out we could not have been more wrong.  
We came on a Monday night and it must have been the night of the week when employees were asked by management to provide lousy service.  For starters, there must have been a car accident in the kitchen preventing the waitress from getting the food to us because it took an inordinate amount of time to get our appetizer and entrees to the table.  Presentation has never been very important to me, but this was something else.  There were only two possible explanations for my friend's fish taco plate looking as horrible as it did:  it had either been prepared in the dark by a blind chef or there had been a massive earthquake that had rocked the kitchen that somehow we hadn't felt.  My turkey burger was cooked okay, but the wilted and chopped lettuce that they served upon request looked as if it had been sent over from a soup kitchen's reject pile.
Despite being in a recession, I would never come back to this hellhole ever again even if they were having a promotion where they were giving away their food to the starving public.I only went here because I had a gift card.  The hostesses were VERY rude, and we had to wait for about 20 minutes despite the multiple open tables-I'm guessing that Friday's was unexpectedly shorthanded. 
The food was okay-typical Friday's food, nothing special.  Our waitress was helpful and checked in twice when we were eating.  The women's restroom was very dirty. The other staff were rude and slow; I watched a busboy take 10 minutes to clear off one table.  
I wouldn't go back here unless I had a gift card.The place was not crowded but the service was slow. In all fairness to my server she was brand new to serving. I ordered a grilled chicken Cesar Salad and a bowl of turkey spinach soup. She came back to my table and informed me that the Chef said that they did not have this soup, I then ordered potato soup. When a different server came to the table he had my turkey soup and that was confusing for me. Next, my original server came back with a Cesar Salad  with no grilled chicken. I informed that I requested grilled chicken to which she replied "no you didn't". My two associates both replied "yes he did". After several minutes expired I finally got my salad. then there was the check confusion that I will get into but the upsetting piece of this dining experience is when my server called me a liar. I should have walked out but I did not and the food was good. Thank goodness the food was good.Poor service, i sat at the bar. Dirty plates from the previous guest remained, I received my drink after 30 mins. Poor overall experience. Management is obviously absent.Service sucks, bartenders sucks, food sucks, and management sucks. Basically every aspect of this place sucks. Just a hangout for employees and their friends. We ended up walking across the street to Long Horn.This is one of the worst restaurants I've ever been to. The service sucks and the food isn't that great. I ordered a burger online and waited entirely too long when I arrived to pick it up. I explained this to the manager and to reconcile the situation he gave me two burgers. The burgers weren't even prepared the way I wanted and they were very greasy. Never again. They need better management and may need to make a few personnel changes in front and back of the house. I used to be a server and a cook so I know what great service in a restaurant is like. TGIF DOES NOT HAVE IT.My wife and I stayed at the Crown Plaza hotel across the parking lot. It was our last night in Philly and we wanted something familiar and close. When we first walked inside I noticed an armed security guard standing by the door. I never seen a security quard in any T.G.I. Fridays at any location in California. I immediately thought that this place might not be the safest place to dine at. We were seated after five minutes. We went over the menu and were ready to order but unfortunately, our server never arrived. I tried to flag down two servers that passed by but they paid no attention. We waited for 25 minutes and still nothing. The final straw was when a couple got seated right next to us and they were given service immediately after being seated. We waited a few more minutes and still no service. We decided to leave and as we walked out my wife told the host that we never got any servive and he just shrugged his shoulders and said "Oh," and walked away. The patrons that were eating were so loud and ghetto. I wouldn't recommend anyone eating at this establishment. The T.G stands for Too Ghetto at this Fridays!This place had a tendancy to be kind of hood, but it is fun nonetheless.
The prices are good, the food is usually good and the drinks are awesome!  The servers and cool too.  I love to go here w/ a group of ppl b/c of the ambiance.  Plus, there is always something new to try.  That cotton candy drink is something to dream about!The fact that it is currently shut down for health code violations should tell you everything you need to know about this dump! I can't really speak to any health code violations as I did not witness anything like that, but i certainly felt violated by the shitty drinks and terrible service. 
For some reason the bar area of this location is pretty much a night club.  Not sure what that is all about, but why only have one bartender? One miserable, slow bartender at that. This chick never made eye contact with anyone or acknowledged their existence.  You'd have to flag her down and tell her your order, all the while she was completely uninterested doing something else, and then in about a half hour she'd slam the drink down in front of you and not say a word. It was weird. The whole time we were there we felt like we were inconveniencing the employees. 
The food is the typical microwaved chain restaurant crap. I'm not even mad about that, because that's exactly what one should expect in such an establishment. But if this hell hole ever does open back up, staff could benefit in some training in basic human decency.Bathrooms were dirty, no paper towels, server took about 5 minutes to get our order than disappeared for about 5 minutes and came back because she forgot our drink & appetizer order. Food was not even satisfactoryQuite possibly the worst service I've ever had. Just wanted to get something to eat at the bar.  Took over 15 minutes to get a beer, another 30 to order food. Then an hour for the food after that.  Just staring at an empty beer glass for an hour.  No hope of getting a refill.  Really really awful.  Almost walked out numerous times but I was starving!Read the reviews and heed the warnings. I didn't think it could be quite as bad as all of the previous reviews indicated but I was WRONG. ZERO customer service. Actually zero because no one ever came to our table. We waited for 15 minutes and no one even made eye contact or said a passing "Hey, I'll be right with you." 100% unacceptable. I've been a waitress for many years and that's grounds for dismissal of employment.Restaurant is handily located for a stay at nearby Crowne Plaza Hotel. But it was noisy, they were out of their best wine, and they were even out of wedge salads!  The wine glass was still wet from a cursory washing. They brought the wrong order for my wife -- twice!  Asked for mustard with my burger, but got mayo. The waitress never returned after delivering our orders to refill water or ask how the food was.  We waited forever to get our bill, and only then got it by asking the manager twice to send the waitress with the bill. Food was so-so, and it cost $35.00 (before tip) for 1 wine, 1 turkey burger, 1 appetizer, and 1 house salad.  I would say that makes it about 25% more expensive than it should be.A customer since my days in college, I recently visited TGI Fridays on a business trip and the service continues to be excellent. The establishment has gone through a make over from the late 80's but it is still a warm, friendly atmosphere to dine with anyone. The menu has expanded substantially to include city local favorites like the bread pretzels and choice of mini bites which will fill your appetite. The signature dishes are still a demand such as the glazed salmon the grilled very well seasoned chicken and the burgers. The drink menu especially the wine selection has top choices.  I would recommend a Riesling with any of there fish dishes as it has a bold buttery taste to compliment. If you are healthy conscious then you can breath because the have a meal to complement your diet. I live in NYC but when in Philadelphia and near City avenue, aka,City line avenue, I will always stop by.If I could give this Fridays NO STARS I would...
1.) Service:  Our waitress IMANI was THE WORST SERVER I have ever had at any restaurant.  My husband is a server and we are very laid back people but this woman honestly should be fired.  She was not only rude, but she was disrespectful and degrading.  She acted like she was better than everyone.  Every table she was the waitress for, waited for the manager, to complain.  My husband and I actually request a new server.  We ordered, waited 30 mins and then once complained to the manager and got a new server  found out this woman DIDNT EVEN ENTER OUR ORDER.  I have never been so appalled.  I could go on forever!  She was the worst!!!! 
We received a new server - Diana.  She was really good.  She tried to make our experience better.  Honestly, more than once, I just wanted to walk out.
2.) Food:  Potato skins were fine.  Nothing special, typical skins.  My husbands burger was dry and overcooked.  Thankfully my dragon salmon I had a coupon for because otherwise, I would have not paid $17 for the tiny piece of fish and veggies.
3.) Drinks:  My husband ordered the margarita, it was all sour mix.  We sent it back.  He then ordered a gin martini, it was all vermouth, he sent it back.  He then ordered well gin on the rocks...the bartender gave us premium gin and it was barely a shot.  Such a disappointment.
Sadly, this Fridays should be shut down.  It is so ghetto and ratchet.  All of the servers have no class, poise or care for customer service.  The manager "tried" to help by taking our appetizer off the bill.  Seriously, he should have comped the whole thing.  It just goes to show that they do not care.  
Do not go here!  Drive the extra mile and go to Chilis.  Better food, drinks and service.
Again!  FIRE IMANI!!! SHE IS SO TERRIBLE!!!The location is tough to get into but the food was on par with most TGI Friday's. We shared the loaded fries and I had the bacon cheeseburger and my daughter had the quesadilla, all was good.I visited TGIFriday's on a night that I had eaten an early dinner and thought I would be okay, but at about 10ish, I got some serious rumblings that I could NOT ignore. This Friday's is about 3 minutes from where I live so I figured, Why not? I just wanted a little something, not heavy but satisfying and wouldn't give me weird dreams. 
The crowd was a little louder than usual but it was almost 11 and I figured they don't call this place "Club Friday's" for nothing. I went to the bar and just ordered takeout figuring I would be in and out in a flash. Little did I know how true that would be...
When the server came back, he handed me the bag and then lo and behold, a fight breaks out. Yup, right there at the bar!! (...and you thought bar fights only happened on TV??) It was literally 20 feet from me. Am I dreaming? Everyone just froze in place. Then someone yelled, "OMG, he's got a gun! And then you know what happened next, don't you?
Everybody got to runnin..And what did I do? Hell, I ran too. I ran, bag and all, right outta that Friday's that night. I did not pass go, and my server did not collect $11. That's right. Damn that, I was just tryin to get a Pecan Crusted Chicken Salad, I was NOT trying to become a statistic. It's not like it mattered much, the server ran too. 
Don't... you....look at me with those judgemental eyes!! You woulda done the same thing!!
I've been to this Fridays many-a-time before and have not experienced anything like this. I mean, it hasn't been stellar but I never felt in danger. Sooo, My suggestions to you: 1) Go at lunch time or wear a vest (no, I don't mean the one mama bought u for Christmas) 2) If you're alone, sit at the bar. It makes for a great people-watching experience 3) Get the Pecan Crusted Chicken Salad - it's terrific!We went for drinks after the dining hour - about 8:30pm. The bar staff was great but our server was SUPER slow.  Out party of eight ordered beers, 20 minutes later our server had brought two drinks; we had to go to the bar ourselves to get the others. Our 2nd round was the same thing all over again. I can't recommend this place due to the inattentive service we received.This is the worst Friday's in the entire world. The service was good, that wasn't the problem. The food is absolutely trash. The bread was too old, the mashed potatoes were old; I def won't be returning. Stay away and go to the 5 guys up the street, or the Chili's across the street.Wish I could give this place higher stars, but just can't. The service is usually slow, but the food comes out pretty good. Except they NEVER include the jalapeno cornbread when you order the jack daniels dishes. It's almost like they think you won't notice it's missing?? Hubby and I kept returning tho, because we like the steak and shrimp scampi combo plates. Well, we have finally given up on this location. Not sure what is going on in the kitchen, but I ordered a steak medium-rare and had to send it back THREE times because it was well-done! That's it for us, farewell Fridays...Service was slow but food and drinks were good. Not enough servers at the time for the amount of guests waiting and/or seated.The 2nd time In last month, and I must say the food was delicious it was hot and in a timely manner. The waitress was polite and explained everything truly, last but not least the spinach dip was AMAZING .the change was good thg to do ...Went in for dinner. As there was a list, we let the hostess know we would wait at the bar.  After checking with her twice,  we saw that she had seated several parties the same size after us.  We finally left and went to another restaurant for our dinner. Had the bartender not been so friendly, it would have rated a zero.Horrible service.  The waitress lacked the necessary communication skills required for a waitress.  Multitasking was a challenge for her.  Actually, it seemed like she did not want to try.
She was very rude too.  At least the food was good.  I'm typically an understanding person when it comes to retail & restaurant services, but this was bad!  We waited forever for small requests & the check without a " I'll be right with you etc." - nothing.  I will never spend my money there again.all i can say is NO.  first of all, i felt like we were eating outside because of all the bugs.. including the huge spider that i found crawling up my fiance's arm after we had been there for a while.  but that's not even the worst.  our server had no clue when it came to bar drinks... my fiance ordered a Dos Equis, and he was clueless.. then came back almost TEN MINUTES later to tell him they didn't have "that dos drink" (that was in the menu..) so would he want something else.  Refills were so slow, even to be offered.  My food was no good, but that could've just been the certain item I picked, which also I know isn't the server's fault.. but still.  He then asked us if we were going to be a while because he was done a while ago, and he had 5 kids at home he had to take care of.  i mean, i get it, you want to go home- i wait tables and bartend too, so i know, but i never tell my tables that!  he did tell us he wasn't trying to rush us, but what would YOU call it?  we still tipped him good because of both of our experience in the business, but oh boy... he needs to redo his training or something.  Also, that place is more like a local hang-out than a restaurant, and i think that's what really did it for us.  we were sitting near the door, and wow... the people just hanging out were ridiculous!  and i'm pretty sure they were off-duty employees, because they kept running back to the kitchen and they seemed to know everyone.  But they were using really terrible language (and they were REALLY loud about it), and just being obnoxious.  And it was pretty clear that the managers didn't care because they were around, just not putting a stop to the "party" going on at the door.  But honestly, these guys (one in particular who apparently is there ALL the time) were obnoxious- running around, being way over the top, and just loud.  REALLY RUDE and didn't exactly add to the dinner date.  Honestly, all the stuff with out server (who WAS nice, just not a good server) probably would have been more easily over looked if I wasn't already irritated with all of that.  somebody really needs to put a stop to that.. I've been waiting tables for 5 years now and I have never worked anywhere where the managers would allow that from any employee- on the clock or not.  It REALLY takes away from any kind of positive experience you could even hope to get from that place.   
On the other hand, Avia (not sure on the spelling??) is super sweet!  she took over for our server once we settled our bill and continued ordering.. my fiance ate there for lunch earlier in the week and she was his server, so once he saw her he made mention of being in there before and how well she did her job, so i'm sure that had something to do with her taking us on, but none-the-less, we appreciated her willingness and attention, and for that, we way over tipped her, but she deserved it more than he did.  so next time we go, we'll be asking to sit in her section for sure.Food was ok. Salmon could have been a larger in size. It was a quick stop in our travelsFriday's is in a great location on City Line Avenue.  I enjoy the atmosphere
and the service is good.Update:  still a 0 star.  Found out that the chocolate milk that I ordered was indeed chocolate milk.  The bottle shows a 1% milk on the outside... the seal is opened.. and they just squeezed chocolate syrup in there and shook it. WTF??  If they didn't have chocolate milk, why didn't they tell me?? I would have changed it to apple juice. These people are trash and have no sense of customer service.  Health department should shut them down and the manager should be fired.Went for lunch biz meeting. The manager was more affable then our server...still didnt get her name. The spinach dip appetizer was really tiny but came with a copious amount of chips.  Appetizer took forever.  Food was decent.  The lobster and shrimp pasta was huge..lots of shrimp and pasta we counted 4 pieces of lobster...it was eh...got outta the office but will chose another spot next time.Friday's is Friday's. I mean, what can you really say?
Our server was super sweet, although she may have been new. The table wasn't all the way clean when we sat down - there was trash behind the condiment/drink menu set up. And it wasn't like it was super packed and whoever bussed the table was just rushing, it was more like he just didn't pay attention. 
Food was typical Friday's. One friend and I both ordered steaks medium. I ordered it medium expecting it to come out medium rare (outback does that too - strange), but apparently friend actually wanted it medium. She sent it back, and it came back complete with the piece she had cut off, but cooked better. The side of broccoli was two giant stalks of broccoli, and the ginger lime slaw was good, but needed some more seasoning. Salt helped. Other friend loved her salad.
All in all, about what I expected from a Friday's. Extra perk - if you're staying at the Crowne Plaza across the parking lot, bring your room key and they'll give you $5 off your bill.The meal was terrible and it was highly overpriced. The waiter was good but the rest of the help sucked.Jon loveless was very nice and the drinks was popping the food was popping I will be back on the days jon loveless is bartending..The food was just okay however the service was horrible.  It took nearly 1 hour to get our food and drink replenishment was non-existent.  Very disappointing.  Lawrence the manager listened and offered a discount.  Maybe he should have comped the whole meal.  I doubt I will ever return.   Customer lost.Terrible takeout service... First they don't pick up the phone for about 10- 20 minutes, and then when they do pick up the phone and you place your order only to get there for them to say you never placed your order here!! Bathrooms are disgusting... It's like nobody cleans them... The only good service in there are the waiters and waitresses when they bring your order.If I could give this restaurant a 0 star than I would. I ordered from Uber eats tonight and spent $110 for the most disgusting meals for my family. I'm TOTALLY disappointed by TGI. The food was EXTREMELY dry, flavorless and cold. I didn't receive any sides that I asked for. Everyone was so disappointed that we had to order from somewhere else because the food was disgusting. Highly upset with TGI!Coolest fridays I've been to, they have karaoke, live DJ, and live bands! Service could just be a tad fasterThe atmosphere at this Friday's was unlike any other I've ever been to! Best way to describe it is one big family reunion party. Plus the food and service was excellent. This is definitely the spot whenever I'm here!I HONESTLY think that based on my experience on 7/21 THIS TGIF deserves a zero but unfortunately I don't have that option. Where to begin? Well it begins and ends with eardrum piercing auditory torture that under no human definition can be called music. Whatever it was is something you subject a prisoner to destroy his will. I have an ice pack on my head as I write this. The mix of banging and loud yelling was beyond amateurish (and I know some laughable karaoke) but this was just pure pain inducing noise that suffocated diners on the inside non stop for hours. My two friends and I ordered drinks and they arrived uneventfully. That was "high point" of the night. We ordered 2 appetizers and 2 entrees. The appetizers arrived very late like 30 minutes and then an additional 20 min apart. Yes almost an hour for soup and wings. One entree came 45 min after that with final entree about 2 hours from when ordered. Quality of food  was bland, almost non existent and acceptable only if the alternative is spoiled food. The place was packed on a Sunday night so clearly this place, where only a zero is credible and reasonable on any evaluation measure, has a following whose loyalty is incomprehensible to me. Speaking to any reasonable adult: unless you're a masochist, anything beats this place, and I LITERALLY mean ANYTHING. If starving go to a fast food option. Have to stop now for more Tylenol.From Philadelphia so I'm aware of this place reputation.  However, I was in town visiting family and needed a quick and local lunch spot with my Mom. The waitress was good,  a bit rough but friendly! The food was cold, hard and just thrown on the plate. I try to steer clear of leaving bad reviews but this was needed. This location is predominantly black staffed and managed and it shows. I'm sure the TGI Friday's in the suburbs is better managed. My advice is to get staff that knows what they're doing (back and front of the house)We visited in the beginning of March 2018- the place was dirty, paper from straw and napkins and other debris were on the ground, receptionist had a couldn't-care less attitude, server was nice but clearly overworked, they were understaffed most likely due to weather. Not happy but I will say it could be the timing. Still by the looks of it, I will not be coming back!I would give this place zero stars if I could service is HORRIBLE it took forever to get our food silverware was dirty and had food stuck on it and it took 30 mins for us to get our check I will never ever come back here againLove the food...music..drinks..
Make sure you check out their karaoke and live shows...you wont be disappointedJust left Fridays the food was delicious got the two for 14 ribs and salmon melt-in-your-mouth ribs off the hook with the Jack Daniel's sauce baked Mac for the side it was like homemade baked mac got there early and beat the crowd in the waitresses very niceThere is not much positive to say about this place...from start to finish the experience was lackluster bordering on inexcusable. A group of 6 of us came in later in the evening after traveling many hours for a college graduation. It was around 9 and we were all starving. This was right next to the hotel so we decided to not waste any more time and just eat there. Upon walking in we were not greeted and had to ask if we could be seated. They said it would be an hour wait...over half the restaurant was empty. We said ok we will be at the bar let us know when a table become open. This never happened...we ended up just eating at the bar.
The next observation I had was the horrible shape of this restaurant...its filthy and unkept. Wallpaper peeling off the walls ceiling tiles missing and it was just gross. The server was great she was super nice and accommodating. The issue is the wait time on everything. 20min for a beer our food took well over an hour to come out and mine was incorrect. I sent it back and it took another 50 min. Everyone in the group was done eating and waiting. The manager said he would take it off the bill but no apology or anything. I feel it wasn't enough...we still ended up spending $100 on our finial bill for this train wreck. I did not get my food until 11pm! 
This is where things got real wired...a dj came in and started blasting music. Extremely inappropriate songs for a Friday's which brands itself as a family restaurant. I don't necessarily care as we were all adults. The issue was it was just so loud it felt like we were in a club and not a restaurant. We couldn't hear ourselves think let alone have a conversation. I'm all for a party atmosphere but this was too much. 
Basically, this place is a disaster and I recommend finding somewhere else. This is the absolute worst restaurant I've ever had the displeasure of eating at.Terrible service. We were in here for an unneeded 2 hrs. It took about 40 mins just to get our drinks n which then the waitress said they ran out of one the beverages that were requested. I asked for my burger on the green (no bun), add spicy mustard n white cheese; the meal was brought out on the bun, yellow cheese no mayo. I should of been asked if I wanted yellow cheese if there was no white before it being brought out to me. Then they also came out saying they ran out of spicy mayo. My turkey burger was bland and I ended up sending it back. Would never come back.I've had mixed results when coming here, they have been out of items a lot, sometimes the service is ok, other times we have literally been there for hours due to poor service. Even if you are 21, if you still have a vertical ID they will not accept it for some reason. The food is what you expect from a TGI Fridays, but the service is worse than the others.Came to Friday's on a Monday afternoon. Only two servers working the entire restaurant so service was very slow, but server was so very polite. She did her best to keep checking in on us but explained that they were severely short staffed. 
Food was okay. I got the mozz sticks which I really didn't like at all. They tasted like frozen sticks reheated. Not really good. The buffalo wings (mild) were actually really good but they gave me no flats, just drumsticks. Still really flavorful. Then I had the chicken fingers and fries both yummy but I was stuffed and ended up taking it home. 
I got the $10 entree deal. So my app.. entree... and dessert (molten choc cake) was $10. Not bad at all. The cake I took home and I expected to just toss it in the trash but found myself craving cake later that night and it was delicious. So soft and chocolatey with choc icing on top! So good!I really like TGI Friday's Endless Appetizers for $10. I think its a sweet deal especially if you're with a little group of people. The service was great and our waitress, Shout outs to Aaliyah!, made our whole experience here great!. She was very personable and very accommodating ( we had three small children and needed a high chair). Our food took a little while to get there as there was a very crowded " after work" rush that swamped the staff and kitchen I assumed but not a big deal. I would not mind coming back here but maybe during the first few days of the week, the weekend will be reserved for somewhere less populated on thursdays.Service was a zero!
We came in on a Monday night at 6 and didn't leave until five minutes after 8. 
The jack Daniels chicken was charred on the bottom.  
The breadsticks we ordered were hard as bricks. We sent them back and because one of them had been bit, they replaced one breadstick. 
The Oreo madness tasted like candle wax.
The best thing was the kids meal. Came out hot and as ordered. 
If you're going to eat here, I suggest happy hour.... Maybe after a drink you won't noticed the food or the service.  I've had better customer service at McDonalds.great service.  staff was very friendly.  . chrystal is the best. karaoke was really fun. i will definitely be back and refer friendsTo start off we ordered the NEW cheesesteak egg rolls ( Don't do it!). They were over cooked and barely any meat in them! Next it took us about 45 minutes to get a burger and fries and jack Daniel wings. The burger was over cooked and so were the wings!! It appeared my wings were reheated in the microwave because the blue cheese was hot and bubbling (oops I guess they forgot to take that off the plate before putting in microwave). The waitress attitude was nice but did not clear used plates from appetizer once food came out. I was very disappointed with the food! Oh and please don't have to go to the bathroom!! The women's room was filthy!! Definitely NOT worth my $55 for a basic lunch for two.What went right !??
Food took forever and was cold and was wrong . Server appeared to be stressed. He acted like he cared. But I did karaoke and that was very fun !We went to this place a few time The service was very poor every times we went. We were waiting for seat 1 moment but we waited for server for 15 mins. No one came to say hello or anything. Then we went out and we will never come here again.
Month later, we dicided to try agai,give themanother chance, butstill the same thing. But ths time we got the seat and the server was too lazy. my  bf asked for a fork, he waited for 10 mins.Then he dicided to go get it by himself.  I can't believe it...How can the TGI Friday accept this lady to working here and mess up the whole restaurant. She didn't give me the recieve so, If she did. I would be able and easier to complain about very bad service in this place. 
The food was great! but service was very poor.Our waiter chris was really helpful, accommodating, and personable. We enjoyed the food and the atmosphere of TGIF and will definitely be back for some delicious nachos, chicken sandwiches, and pot stickers!I WILL NEVER RETURN. I was skeptical before arriving at this particular TGI Fridays, and with good reason. My guest and I arrived early Sunday afternoon for lunch, once we arrived we assumed our wait for seating and our food wouldn't be long since the restaurant was mostly empty. We were seated rather quickly by the very pleasant hostess, our waitress was a different story. Let's start with the drink order. I asked Amber the waitress for water with a few slices of lemon; I could've made lemonade with the amount of lemons in my water. I ignored that, we ordered the appetizer sampler with absolutely NO bacon on the potato skins; what did we receive....Bacon on the skins. The waitress tried to make us keep the platter with bacon bits all on one side (I don't eat pork & never have). I asked for a new order, Amber simply put the other appetizers on a new plate without the potato skins. Our entrees were next up. I asked her for American cheese instead of Swiss cheese for my French Dip Roast Beef Sandwich with Aus ju. I received swiss cheese, even though she tried to tell me it was American cheese. Amber took my water cup, brought back more, but without a straw. We had to wait an eternity for more napkins. I watched Amber take the order from 2 other tables and realized why she wasn't proficient with her order taking....she doesn't write the orders down. As one table received their food, it appeared from the customers reaction that she got something wrong with their order as well. Amber never asked us how our meal was going because I surely would've expressed my displeasure. I didn't eat all of my food (french dip sandwich), and I figured I could give my leftovers away. I asked Amber for a to-go container and a condiment container for the rest of the aus ju, I only got the styrofoam container, nothing for the leftover aus ju. It took over 10 minutes after our meal to flag her down for the check. If you're only servicing no more than 5 or 7 tables, what's the hold up. This experience turned me off of TGI Fridays for good. Just AwfulI don't even feel like going into how horrible this place is/was during my recent visit on 8/16/19. I said I would never step foot at this location again after the numerous times I had gone and had really bad experiences. But after 5+ years, I went against myself because a friend wanted to go to get something quick for her and her daughter and we were nearby and wanted to try the endless apps. They just need to shut it down and start over. This location was renovated not too long ago but they need to start over with cooks and staff.Absolute worst service ever.  The list of bad reviews here are all true. First off, I came here for take out (To Go), to buy my kids some dinner. Nobody was at the To Go area but the one person I asked about the kids menu, told me to get it in the front. (Great service there!)
Next, my friend put in her order with a guy, but he disappeared and the order was not even taken. 
The lady (Ciera) finally shows up to take our order after 10 mins of waiting. I put in my order and specifically asked for chocolate milk. When I got my order, I noticed it was regular milk. As I walked near the kitchen, nobody seems to be working because they're all in the kitchen just bs'ing around. So I told her that I ordered chocolate milk and some asshole in the kitchen said to use chocolate syrup.  Keep your day job kid, you'll be scratchin' and survivin' the rest of your life. 
Food is just okay and portions is just okay, but the service is just horrible.  The manager should be ashamed of themselves for having a crew like that.Really slow and bad service. We waited for 30 mins and food came after 1 hour more. Ordered a melted cheese dish but they took another 15 min to give any cutlery which made the dish go cold and solid. We also ordered a steak which took 90 minutes. Food quantity is not satisfactory at all.
The service lady was polite. Food quality was ok.Came midday between lunch and dinner rush.  We were told they were short staffed but they were also short customered so not sure what the big hold up was. Everyone just seemed a bit perturbed and the hostess was popping gum and wholly uninterested in getting us to a table. Our service was a bit slow and stilted, but food was as expected overall and waitress very pleasant and seemed to be making a real effort.  Another table complained heavily and they had a large group come in as we left- hope they did ok!  It's Friday's, nothing more or less.I came in here 1 time and was met with absolute HOSTILITY! This was the meanest waitress I've ever seen. The only person I've ever seen that was meaner was some dude at a South St. pizza shop. It's like everybody was visibly mad that we came in. It wasn't quite closing time yet, but not far from it. At one point I asked for a refill and the waitress gave me the GRIZZLY! (Read: evil eye) And then she asked me, "Did I just look at you some kinda way."
Usually, I would be upset, but I thought it was funny. I was a bit younger too. I wouldn't tolerate this now. Looking back, we should've left. I don't know what kind of drama was going down in the kitchen, but something was up. I had a similar experience down the street when Denny's was still open and the waitress that time was actually a classmate.
The food was up to par (which is pretty good), but damn I wish I could youtube this experience. It would go viral. If there was ever a time to leave without tipping that would've been it and we still had the decency to leave one. She should go apply to work at Penndot. She'd be a natural.TERRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE!!! Literally seated for 20 minutes before anyone acknowledged me.Not a glass of water or anything. Either Sunday's are not the best days to go or they were short staffed.Either way their customer service is POORThe waitress was very attentive and the management staff was informative. The cook was a little backed up and our waitresses continued to be attentive giving the table complementary chips and salsa. Great service this restaurant has made a significant investment!!Service was better than I've had here in a long time (thanks John). Also the manager was pleasant as well. Check on us a few times to make sure all was wellTerrible service from bartenders. Was never offered a drink . Was never checked on and they had a nerve to offer free appetizer if you leave them a 5 star review. Dj was  cool crowd was cool. Service was terribly slow.Put simply, good not great. It took 5 minutes before anyone greeted us, and it was really slow when we came in so I'm not sure why it took so long. My wife got the Cajun chicken and shrimp pasta, and I got the two meat platter with steak and chicken. We also got the loaded fries as an appetizer. All the food was decent, steak was cooked perfectly to order and the service was great, but it wasn't all that flavorful. If it were cheap I'd be a little more okay with it, but our bill was more than a recent trip to outback where we had a meal of much higher quality. Overall, I wouldn't recommend eating here.Just close it down already , waitress was ignorant, basically rushed us through our lunch , kept saying you ready for the check"? Had a few issues with our order, sizzling chicken that didn't sizzle , cold as ever,  the manager was just as bad as the waitress smh . Never againOur server and the staff were very nice, polite, and attentive. However, I give this Fridays a one star because of food quality and price. The boneless wings were on our table with less than 5 minutes of ordering and lukewarm, suggesting they had been sitting for a while. Not to mention, they were $11 for 8 or 9 small wings. I knew I had to make a review when we got our "loaded fries" appetizer. They were served on a small salad plate and charger $8. I could have received the same fries from Wendy's for less than $3. Save your money, try another restaurant around the area.Worst service I've had in a while. After being seated, we were not even greeted by our waitress for fifteen minutes. She apologized and stated she would be right back with waters for everyone several times. The drinks didn't come for another ten minutes. Our appetizer came out after our meals. The waters that were promised came even later. While cleaning up the waitress left a stack of dirty glasses and dishes in front of my friend's face and left to tend to another table. The only reason I'm giving two stars is because the food was decent. Avoid if possible.Yeah. Should have checked Yelp first.  Sat at the bar, had a decent meal, but I couldn't get a second drink to go with my entre. Poor service for a Monday evening.The worst service ever!!!! I can't believe how bad this place is. I will never ever go back to this location ever! If u go on a Friday or Saturday night and let's say ur older than 30 u might think u just walked into a freaking club. If that's ur scene cool, I just pray u have amazing patience because after waiting 25 min for food it came out cold and wrong. Yeah I guess that happens sometimes when ur waiter writes nothing down and goes on memory.Service was complete RUBBISH!! Raquel absolutely hated her job and did absolutely nothing except dish out an attitude. I am never going to this location againAfter waiting for over 30 mins, while there were many open tables, we were finally seated and unknowingly about to begin a dining experience from hell. It was another 10 minutes until our drink orders were taken. When we finally ordered, I got the Jack Daniel's Sampler (love the sauce ) and my 3 friends ordered endless appetizers. Our food was brought out at different times and my friends had to wait 15-20 mins and make an effort to pull our waitress aside to order more appetizers. Our drinks were frequently empty and it took many reminders to our waitress to get refills. At one point our waitress rolled her eyes and remarked "oh my god!" when I asked for a refill. When our refills finally came, the empty glasses piled up on our table and were not removed. After the meal, I had to use the bathroom (number 2) and both stalls had no toliet paper. I had to get napkins to wipe my butt. My friend placed an order for mozzarella sticks that never came. Our checks were even brought out, but no mozzarella sticks. The most time our waitress spent at our table was when she stood and watched us sign our checks (very rude!) We left hungry, thirsty, and unsatisfied. Terrible service and overall a very unpleasant dining experience. Never going back to that TGI Friday's again.This is not the greatest TGIFRIDAYS that I've visited but the Karaoke on Wednesday nights is jumping. I really enjoy the DJ he's DOPE. If it weren't for the DJ I wouldn't have many positives to say about this place. They could really use some upgrades in customer and food service.Drinks are great at Friday's city Line I always have a great time with speedy service and great waitresses and bar staff.Food tasted good, good service. Can't say I would go back here though, the quality of the TGI Friday's restaurants have definitely declined over the years.I've always loved eating there until , I ordered over $300 worth of party platters  on 10/31/ 2018 and everything was bad  . Fridays gave me all hot wings after I asked for different variety of wings . The wings were hard & tasted like they were sitting out for hours . The mozzarella sticks &  potato skins were also hard..It was too late to return everything because my  party already started ... It'll  be a very long time before I return to that friday's on city ave . Feels like I wasted money I'll never get back.I will never go here again. It's really unfortunate because when I go there during the day on the weekdays there's a really sweet bartender that always remembers my orders and is very kind and attentive. But the rest of this staff is RATCHET. I could give two shits if a place's entire staff is a race different than mine. But at times I have felt that I do not belong there and am being sent a message by the complete lack of customer service. I have waited 15-20 minutes to even be greeted at the bar. I've worked at a bar that gets just as busy as theirs and we have never made anyone wait that long to be greeted. The number one rule is to greet the customer and get them a menu AT THE LEAST. I could honestly deal with that though. If it was just them being too busy. But the worst part was when I went there on a busy Friday night around 11pm and was being blatantly ignored by the bartender. Finally after 20 minutes a group of girls at the bar that seemed to be friends with her asked me if I needed a drink and called her over to help me. She laughed and talked to them and then coldly asked me what I wanted. I ordered a Long Island and she asks me what flavor. Well I just want a regular Long Island iced tea no special flavor. I order this all the time during the day. So she says "regular" and laughs and looks at her friends and walks away. So at this point I'm gonna pay, down my drink and get the f out of there. She gives me the drink and I ask her to close me out and give her a 20. You won't believe this bitch leaves the bar for 20 minutes with my money in her pocket. Was she going to go buy crack or what? She seemed like she couldn't slow down worth anything and was rude as hell so I wouldn't put it past her. Finally she gets back and I ask her for my change. She says I'm getting to it. So another 5 minutes later she's fidgeting around with the register and I ask about my change again and she rudely says she's getting it. I couldn't believe it. Completely ridiculous. Half of my friends are black. I come from Oakland California. I have no problem eating at a place where I'm the only white person. But when I get treated that way for no reason I have to wonder what's going on. I've been treated unprofessionally other times at this place by that one was the breaking point. I'll never go back.