Takes forever if you order a sandwich. I like supporting small businesses, but they have to speed things up. Everyone was waiting so long and one of the young girl workers was just standing there on her phone the entire time.Delicious, fresh baked items you can't help but want one of each! Small bake shop with wonderful breakfast sandwiches, friendly staff and amazing baked goods. What more could you ask for?!Babka. Chocolatey, rich babka. 
What more do I need to say?
Oh, great coffee, too. And really nice people taking care of you. 
Small, almost no seating. Who cares. Worth the trip.Delicious baked goods and helpful staff make this a place I have returned to again and again. They have some unusual creations at The Bakeshop, like the trifecta bar which is chocolate chip cookie, brownie, and chocolate rice crispy bar and it is tremendous. Like really huge. It took me a few days to finish! The store is located right around Rittenhouse so it's in a great neighborhood, it's a very pretty walk if you take your yummies on the go. My only complaint is that the prices are rather high. I suppose that has to do with the the ingredients they use though. Also if you don't/can't eat eggs the only options for you are the scones. Overall I would definitely recommend this place but be prepared to pay a little extra.Happy Birthday, (three years old  tomorrow) lovely Bakeshop! You bring a flock of delicious eats and drinks to the neighborhood,  a warm welcome, and the cutest sidewalk seating for we lucky few:-)Google "what dreams are made of" and you will find the Bakeshop on 20th. A tiny little bakery and coffee shop that churns out food that is big on flavor in a major way. Frankly its a sin as to how good their food is, which is ironic since I am pretty sure they serve their sticky buns and bacon, egg, and cheese sandwiches in heaven. 
There is always a line, but the folks that work there do the best they can to keep up with the demand. There are items for both the sweet tooth and the savory minded, all that could be the item that they are famous for, but there is room for it all. Prices are a little steep but that is to expect when you visit a delicious bakery in the center of a city that makes things fresh with top ingredients. 
Do yourself a favor and get yourself there ASAP. You won't be sorry!!I can never get enough of their breakfast sandwiches.  Takes a little while to make them but they are more delicious and healthy than most brunch spots in philly.Visiting Philly this weekend and found this place on Yelp!  We were looking for a quick spot to pick up breakfast and take to Rittenhouse Square. They had a large selection of pastries and even cooked egg sandwiches to order. Everything was delicious!!! I especially loved my blueberry muffin and my cappuccino. The prices were very reasonable for such high quality food and the service was excellent. We will definitely remember this place.Amazing! We stopped here based on the yelp reviews and left with a few cookies, scones and breakfast sandwiches. Everything was fantastic! 
My favorite was a chocolate chip cookie that was made with tahini and sesame seeds.I arrived on a Friday around 2:45 to sadly discover that they had already sold out of the brookies...damn! I was prepping for a dinner party and had to go with an assortment of cookies and it was down to slim pickings. I ordered several chocolate chip, oatmeal raisin, and sugar cookies for the party and I couldn't resist grabbing the last vegan lemon poppy seed scone; I love anything lemon poppy seed. 
I was a little concerned if the cookies would hold their taste for another day and to my surprise, they did! The cookies were fantastic and a huge hit with my dinner guests! Just the right amount of soft and chewy you expect from a fresh baked cookie. I will have to say that due to their richness, you only need one cookie. 
I can't leave without giving props to the lemon poppy seed scone.....YUM-MY!Food is fine - an egg and cheese sandwich can only be so good - but the wait here was just unbearable. 20 minutes for a grill cheese and roll egg and cheese - nope nope nopeCookies for breakfast
Just get it, you won't regret it.  Oh, and the breakfast sandwiches (the Philly special) are, well, special.  They serve La Colombe, so that's also a plus.  There isn't much seating so come alone or take it to go.Too many choices and all are amazingly good. Found this gem my first day in Philly and I'm certain I  will be coming back throughout the week I'm here. Homemade pop-tarts! Scones! Breakfast sammiches!  No need for lunch, or dinnerUpdate 6/21/2017 I still love The Bakeshop on 20th and have recently discovered how good their chocolate babka is. It's possibly the best breakfast pastry I've ever had and I highly recommend it.
I absolutely love this place. The first time I walked in was just by chance walking past, but I won't buy baked goods in Philly anymore unless they're from here.
The chocolate chip cookie, the Rittenhouse Square, and the brownie are all unbelievable. The brownie is without a doubt the best I've had. The cookie is amazing as well but it's a little different than most chocolate chip cookies so it may not be for everyone. I've gotten most of the other things they sell, and they're all superb, but I recommend starting with the three I listed above!
On top of the amazing baked goods, everyone in the store is really friendly and helpful as well!Shared a corn muffin with a friend - AMAZING. Be sure to grill it with honey (I believe they had a sign saying they could do this) it was delicious! We also bought a sugar cookie, apricot rugelach, and half a loaf of challah bread. All were extremely good and the staff that work here are wonderful. Definitely will be back!Strolling down Ritt Row, I popped into Bakeshop for its famous Brookie (brownie + cookie)! The shop is tiny, with a magnificent counter brimming with baked goods (heaven) and a small seating area inside (could probably seat 3 people max). With my Brookie in hand, I proceeded to the outdoor table underneath a windowsill in full bloom to photoshoot my dessert. 
This statement will likely evoke some skepticism, but please believe me when I say this is the best cookie I've ever eaten!! The brookie is scrum-diddly-umptious! The entire brookie is crisp on the edges but moist and warm on the inside. The brownie portion really captures the essence of a brownie: chocolate heaven! The chocolate chip cookie part is everybody's favorite dessert done to perfection. 
Believe the hype: Bakeshop on 20th is definitely worth the sweet tooth splurge!We rolled in - new girl today is on the cash register.  Misheard me and then she and the owner get involved "defensive and Patronizing.  Then apologized and rolled her eyes. I know the owner of the building.  Not a revisit for me. Too many other choices with fully trained and developed people who speak professionally and warmly. Service businessI love this place so much. The bacon, egg, and cheese on a Philly muffin is my go to. Unlike a lot of other places, the sandwich is a good size with plenty of bacon. And their baked goods are amazingAlmost seven bucks for two croissants, so they must be pretty special, right? 
Just average, really. But with inflated Rittenhouse prices.You will quickly become addicted to the noms at the bakeshop. From the sidewalk you can see a beautiful display case of their baked goodies.  That is if it isn't crowded! Very small but fairly quick so it is easy to place and order for takeout. Our fav is the Philly English muffins breakfast sammie with fried egg and bacon. Sounds like a regular sandwich but it is soooo goodI only ever write reviews for food after I've been there at least 3x. The place is a small family joint that has to be one of the best small bakeshops I've been too.  I ordered an everything English muffin that they freshly bake with lox, cream cheese and cucumbers. The salmon was delectable, and it was for that alone that I went back to this place for the third time. The babka is just insane. I'm not much of a chocolate person, but I have to say that this creation is the best period food on the planet. Got me out of bed, cramps n all to get one of these to inhale. Thank u lord!!The best breakfast sandwich I've had a long time, I will definitely come back next time I am in town! 
The BLT on an Everything Philly Muffin was phenomenal. The Everything Philly Muffin is a cross between a bagel and an english muffin, which turns out to be perfect for a breakfast sandwich; strong enough to hold up, but soft enough to bite through without squeezing everything out the other side. The bacon was thick-cut and perfectly cooked; no raw fat or burned bits, just perfectly caramelized through and through. It had a touch of mayo on it, which I wasn't expecting (but should have been since BLTs usually do), but they used just enough to give it some moisture and richness, but not so much that it tasted like mayo. Definitely a great choice! 
I also grabbed a pear and chocolate scone for a snack, and it was far moister and flavorful than usual; almost a giant cookie other than a dry scone, and also a great choice!First time here, all the hot food looked legit, but I came for the blueberry pop tart. Did not disappoint at all, such a decadent treat. No lie, you do pay a little more but this pop tart is nothing like that crap out of a box. Portions are huge, and I would be too if I went here too often, but i can't wait to find an excuse to treat myself to some other amazing goody here in the near future.First time.   Walked in, bakery  smelled and looked fabulous.  Purchased a cranberry-oat scone.  Cost Four Dollars!  Overwhelming taste of brown sugar and nothing else.  No oats, no texture period.  It could have come from any chain store.  I won't be be back.A perfect coffee and breakfast stop in Rittenhouse! The English muffins are served warm and nicely toasted and whether you have butter and avocado or one of the many sandwich choices, you will be satisfied! Do not leave without something sweet, you will not be disappointed!I bought a breakfast sandwich from The Bakeshop today: egg whites, cheese, spinach and bacon on an English muffin. I just finished eating it and can honestly say that without a doubt it is the BEST breakfast sandwich I've ever had. So amazingly good.Amazing cookies and treats. Loved everything we ordered: 
1) Ricotta cookie
2)Brookie (brownie/ cookie)
3) thumb print cookie.Oh. My. Goodness. I'm writing this with one hand while I stuff an apple pie rice crispy treat into my face with the other. My boyfriend stole the pecan bar, but from his blissed out expression I can tell he also agrees that this place is GOOD.I went back here last week and I had a chocolate babka, which was one of the best I have ever had!  I am hooked! 
This place just opened and it is excellent!   I bought a mix of baked goods from here and they all have been very high quality with a fresh and homemade taste.  The reason they did not get 5 stars from me is they missed giving me one item for my order.  Very nice selection and the items seem fairly priced for the quality.  Their selection, freshness and high quality should keep people coming back for more.  I will definitely go back and I will let them know one item was missing from my order.   
Update:  Lisa, the owner emailed me almost immediately to correct the missing item.  I caught up with her today and she gave me one item free.  This is the way to run a business!Love, love, LOVE this place! We needed a great pastry and sweets spot in the neighborhood.  Amazing scones, brownies, cookies. Everything is delish!!! The employees are super sweet and always so friendly. Can't wait to try their soups!!! The decor is great too. Add this to your must try list!!!!!Perfect place to pop in for a treat. Have stopped by a couple times, and thoroughly enjoyed the brookies (half brownie, half chocolate chip cookie, soft and chewy, and all delicious), fig and Brie scones, and babkas. They do tend to sell out of more popular items, but the staff did tell me they'll stash stuff aside if you call ahead. Will be back to try the breakfast sandwiches.
It is a small shop, so just know that seating is limited, especially during those brunch hours.Adore, love, LOVE this location! We wanted a huge pastry and sweets place in the area. Astonishing scones, brownies, biscuits. Everything is delish!!! The workers are super sweet and consistently so friendly. Can not wait to attempt their soups!!! The decor is great also. Add this to your must strive list!!!!!I keep trying to like this place as it is on my walk home. I've now tried 3 different sweets there and none have been particularly satisfying. Texture is ok but taste is just off. Would stop again only because it's on my way home but would not go out of my way to visit.Everything LOOKS nice but meh... it's very average and nothing special. It's not really worth going to. 
They have a small selection of goods and the employee I dealt with (maybe it was the owner?) didn't smile at me once and was a bit rude - kind of off-putting, considering they've been open for maybe a month? I stopped in for an afternoon cup of coffee and a cookie - the cookie tasted like it had been sitting out all morning.The scones here are the best I've ever had - moist on the inside, slightly crisp on the outside and full of flavor!  I think there is a lot of butter in them but you can really taste the ingredients, whether it is blackberry/lemon or fig/brie or chocolate.  The scones are $4 but they're huge and def enough for two ppl or two meals.  I've also tried the babka which i thought was yummy but not as good as the scones.  My husband, on the other hand, loved it.  One star off because the coffee is mediocre (not very fresh tasting and lukewarm at times) and because the prices are a little bit high.  I'm definitely a regular here.Everything I've had here was delicious.  Breakfast sandwiches, cookies, scones, even my birthday cake was from here and it was amazing (coconut)!  Added bonus: they have La Colombe coffee.Brookie. Half brownie half cookie. At $3 this is a ridiculous price. But the flavors were delicious. Super rich and so ooey gooey you wonder if it was half baked :)
The scones-everyone seems to love them but I tried the chocolate chip one and it was about average. Very crispy and buttery. I prefer more cakey scone.
Loved the muffins. Amazingly pillowy and soft!Almost wish this place wasn't so close to my apartment.  I find myself in a constant internal struggle about whether to stop in for a pastry (they are THAT good)... but generally I try to keep it at once or twice a week, as a treat.  The scones and babka are my go to and are really delicious.  The fig&brie scone is my absolute favorite, but many others are good too. Can't go wrong with any of the babkas. The nutella muffin is also delicious if you need more of a chocolate fix.  YUM.The scones and muffins here are on point - the latter getting pretty sweet at the end, but perfect when accompanied with a cup of coffee or tea to balance the sweetness out. I got the cherry & brie scone; you can't really taste the brie but it gives it a nice, crumbly texture with cherries interspersed throughout. At the recommendation of the owner, I also got the chocolate chip nutella muffin (how could you say no to that), which had a nice, rich texture and a toasted top which gives a nice contrasting texture element - AND a surprise nutella filling in the middle that was heaven when I bit into it. 
I got 4 items in total (including the chocolate chip for $1 with the Yelp check-in offer), and it came down to $12, which is on the more expensive end but one of these baked goods would be more than enough to satisfy you! If you don't like sweet stuff as much, I would recommend getting the scones since it gives you the richness of a good baked item without necessary being super sugary and sweet. I went at 3pm on a weekday and a few items were sold out, so definitely drop by in the morning to pick from their full selection!The bread pudding is incredible. Love the addition of the breakfast sandwich--it's on a wonderful homemade english muffin, the eggs are fluffy and flavorful and the bacon is crispy! It beats all the competition. And the scones really are the best in the city.Have been coming here almost once a week since they opened. It is Always good! Staff are very friendly and a big selection. I'm  upping their rating because they have the most amazing breakfast sandwiches ever!! Offered all day you fill out a little paper with amazing options such as how you want the eggs, lots of cheese choices, amazing extras like avocado cucumber tomato, and sauces like hot sauce and jam. They make their own english muffins (more like a larger roll but Really tasty!) they also have excellent ham and cheese croissants on weekends.Chocolate cinnamon babka is very gooey when it's just came out from the oven. Very good and not too sweet. The fig almond is ok. They have a loaf of blueberry cream cheese babka which is pretty good.The food here is fantastic. But beyond the food, the owner and staff put their heart and soul into the place and will accommodate your every need.
We stopped in last Sunday afternoon and they were cleaning up, but stayed open and restarted their grill to make us a warm sandwich with a smile. Now that is service.You will not find a place that sells better baked goods in the city, period. Breakfast sandwiches here are also fantastic. Staff are always friendly, and delivery options make it super convenient to order from this shop anytime.It's a decent place to go for pastries. So far I have tried a meh spice cookie (which everyone commented tasted like a Dunkin Donuts pumpkin munchkin but without the greasy mouth effect after you down it) and a Jewish apple cake tart which was better. To die for no, but I would gladly eat it again.Easily my favorite coffee/ pastry shop closer to Rittenhouse square. There are more modern coffee places (La Colombe) and better places to work (Saxbys) but this is the perfect combo of cute location/ store, good coffee and excellent breakfast selections. I had an egg, ham, and bacon English muffin sandwich and was so satisfied. Had never heard of an everything English muffin before but it's great. People are also so patient and friendly! Definitely check it out.
Only downside is that the space is small so not much space to sit. Take it to the park if you have time and are meeting a friend!Such a cute little "bakeshop"! I came here for the first time this past weekend and not only was the food great, but the service was on point! I got the BLT which was delicious, especially the multigrain toast it was served on (even though it's kind of hard to mess that up). I followed the BLT up with a butterscotch scone, which was light and a perfect sweet treat!I've been to bakeries around the world and this is legit one of the best. I loved the nutella chocolate chip muffin and the chocolate chip cookie! SO f*** GOOD!Place is very small, and could be cute but has extreeeeeeemely slow service, especially on weekends. Waited 30minutes for breakfast sandwich and I wasn't the only one. They estimated 5-10min. 
They also run out or don't stock some coffee items. And they seem to prioritize uber or caviar orders over people who come into the store. An incredibly frustrating experience.Small little shop that was packed in the morning. We came here for a cup of coffee. They had three different kind to choose from but they were empty. The one we had to get wasn't that great. There is not enough room in the place and everyone is in the way. I got my cream and sugar and made my cup of coffee outside. I also tried a streusel pastry. It was really sticky but good.Well I have to come back but I thought the service was so nice that I am happy to write a good review based on my one coffee and cookie order. The people at the Bakeshop are super friendly. I showed them my $1 cookie coupon and although it said chocolate chip cookie on the coupon, they let me pick the one I wanted.The coffee was smooth and the oatmeal cookie was delicious!! The oatmeal cookie is relatively large, crunchy outside and chewy inside with plump raisins and some kind of brown sugar or maple icing drizzled on top. I was a little disappointed because they ran out of their sticky buns which I read were incredible, but it just gives me an excuse to go back!It's impossible to get a bad baked good here. Everything is delicious, love the rotating line-up of treats, and the service is super friendly. Adorable spot that I hit up every chance I get. Only wish they weren't so popular so they wouldn't run out of my favorites!The pastries here are quite delicious, but on the expensive side. My favorites are the oat bar and the scones. The cookies and the brookie are okay, nothing special. Definitely worth visiting.This place is the greatest quick stop for breakfast. The avocado toast is incredible, fresh bread, tomatoes, feta, a fried egg, avocado and siricha. Not to mention they just recently added cold brew coffee to the menu, and it is great high quality cold brew. All of the sandwiches are thoughtfully crafted and made to order. The owners Mark and Lisa are super friendly, as well as the rest of the staff. Can't say enough about this place!I felt terrible after my first visit. I walked in expecting to find a certain cookie a coworker had brought one day. I decided they must have come from Carlos instead...boy was I wrong. This place destroys anything other bakeries in the area produce. There's bound to be something for everyone- from the phenomenal pastry/cookie selection to hand crafted sandwiches
The brownie and chocolate chip cookie is quintessential!Ordered delivery through caviar & was quite pleased with my experience! My order actually arrived early! (Gotta love that) I got the Salmon Special on Artisan Everything Bagel/Bread & it was perfect, maybe a little small for $11 but I would still buy it again. Also ordered the Brookie. You'd be doing yourself a disservice if you didn't try it!!! Will be ordering from here again for sure!Love the bake shop and the community vibe it has. The brookie is festive and I always opt to east whatever is freshest out of the oven. 
My only complaint is they have a minimum charge for credit cards, which makes it a less desirable place to stop when you're just in a rush for a coffee and want to swipe your card quickly. They always suggest that you get a pastry to reach the minimum but often a coffee is all I need. When I don't have cash, this forces me to go to a chain that accepts cards and I really wish I could be supporting a local business instead.My co-worker introduced me to this bakery. Apparently it's been there for some time, but I never knew about it. Where have I been?!?! Their bacon, egg, and cheese breakfast sandwich is completely out of this world. All the ingredients are high quality and carefully put together with love and craft: well-cut bacon cooked to a perfect crisp with two runny eggs and cheddar. You can select from 3 types of breads (Philly muffin, multi-grain, and croissant) and add various toppings (sriracha, jam, tomato, cucumber, and avocado). I got toasted Philly muffin (which reminded me more of focaccia bread than a muffin), with sriracha sauce and tomato as additional toppings. The total cost of $8 was a bit steep for a breakfast sandwich, but it was perhaps the tastiest $8 I've ever spent. Such a satisfying way to start the day. The other items in the shop also look good. I will have to return to try them soon. I was told things can run out pretty early in the day.I'm a fan of the Bakeshop..the coffee is awesome and so are the baked goods.  My favorites are the breakfast sandwich, chocolate chip cookie, and cheese/apple muffin.  So good.  My dog Biggie also loves The Bakeshop.  Once he knows we are headed in that direction he practically runs there..he never does that when we go to Starbucks!I had breakfast here one morning. It was good but I waited a long time for it. It was also overpriced. 
My gender and race was not included on the poster of people who are welcomed at the shop, that is posted at the entrance. I decided to make my weekly Sunday brunch spot across the street where they do not post their political views.Went to the Bakeshop this weekend because its neighbor had too long of a line. Thought I would get a coffee at least. Little did I know that they had food too! I thought it was mostly sweets by its name. And I was very pleasantly surprised. I got the avocado toast and it was amazing!! I am not overly impressed with the competition due to the general lack of flavor and lack of ability to have my eggs cooked how I like them (they only offer scrambled). Not true here! Eggs were cooked perfectly over medium and I was very happy with my choice. Knock down a wall or buy the place next door for extra seating ; ) My new weekend spot!!I can't believe I'm yelping about babka but it was seriously one of the best things I've had in awhile. Breakfast sandwich was on point too. Will pass on the cookies though & stick to metro.I stopped in The Bakeshop as a newcomer from New York City to check out the offerings. I had no intention of buying anything and left with a gorgeous piece of pastel matcha green tea crusted apple pie (in honor of The Eagles super bowl 2018 placement) and a personal sized coffee cake. On coming home, I planned to take a bite from each choice, but ended up devouring the apple pie. Amazing. Best apple pie ever. Beautiful looking, right amount of texture, tartness and sweetness. Perfect.I love the bake shop on twentieth! Their "brookie" (half cookie, half brownie cookie) is incredible. Their sugar cookie is even better. Cute little shop with very limited seating. Not somewhere I'd recommend to sit and get work done, but it's an option if you have a sweet tooth! It's hard to walk by this bake shop and not stop in for a treat! The staff are friendly and professional.I've had numerous items at this adorable little bake shop, all of them good. The cookies are incredibly tasty, as are the sticky buns, babkas, and breakfast pastries. The breakfast sandwiches are also great and worth the wait. I'm glad that this shop came to the neighborhood!The best cookies I've ever had in my life. It's a little costly but completely worth it. The brookie is insanely good as well as the chocolate chip Nutella muffin. By far best cookies in PhiladelphiaI truly love the Bakeshop and agree with all the rave reviews. The people are so friendly and the food is always delicious. I have been going here since they opened last year and they have only gotten better with time (GO LISA!!). I enjoy the babkas, breakfast cookie, and the raspberry walnut bar the most, but who would have known they have delicious lunch items, too!? Try the sandwiches, especially the salmon special (the everything bread MAKES it). It's in a great location, and yes it's on the smaller (and very cozy) side, but you can sit and enjoy your noms if they have open seats, maybe three of four total. I love the decor and cute signs out front. Make a trip here, it's well worth it !!
UPDATE (3/12/16): get the NUTELLA ESPRESSO BLONDIE BROWNIE. TO. DIE. FOR. !!Of all the sweet shops and bakeries I've tried while visiting Philadelphia this is by far the best. The two items were phenomenal, we had the Rittenhouse Square which I'd highly recommend with its caramel covered brownie goodness on a slightly salty thick graham cracker, good God. Their version of a palm sized Oreo tasted spot on.This place can only smell like one thing... Heaven.
I've been here a couple of times now. Every time I get a brookie (aka brownie cookie, DUH). Both the brownie section and the cookie section are soft and gooey. They don't always have them sitting out, but you can ask for one. 
I've also tried several of their other treats. Everything is delicious.This is my best find for my present trip to Phili.  I came here to try out their scones and I was not disappointed.  The fig, yes fig scone was to die for.  This truly is a small place and people are waiting outside for their orders and no wonder everything we tried was great.  You will not be disappointed.  If you're looking to hang out and eat and drink coffee try and get one of the 2 outside tables.  We did and enjoyed the food and coffee.  You must add this to your list of bakeries.Good things do come in small packages -- like killer brownies from this tiny shop.  Good coffee too.  Mind blown.A very solid banana nut scone really makes you wonder why banana nut is usually a muffin or pancake and what other formats might be suitable for the banana nut treatment. Maybe a cookie? Banana nut naan?! who knows. Next time I'll try the brookie, which I'm told is a half brownie half cookie.My first time trying this hidden GEM living almost next door. Woah, what a treat! The best ricotta cookie I've had in my life. Perfect muffins, with extra ingredients and although they're $3.50, it's worth every penny. They hit it out of the park compared to any other muffin shop! And, their food is awesome too- the avocado toast is my favorite! It's a one stop shop for snacks, meals, treats, and smiles. I'll be telling everyone about this little secret on 20th street! Thank you Bake Shop for my delicious treats!Their vegan scones are AMAZING. The texture and taste are consistently on point. I've had a maple scone there once (delicious and not overly / cloyingly sweet, like maple pastries can be) and lemon poppy scones a couple times (so yummy, such a nice simple glaze and so moist and good)While my husband loves the dark chocolate mousse I like the mini Napoleons and the hazelnut meringues are really crunchy. Everyone that works there is the right level of friendly and offer great customer service. 
Best thing, it is wheelchair and mobility scooter accessible.A welcome and beautiful bake shop! 
So happy I stopped in.
I only had the coffee (top notch!) and a blueberry muffin which I shared with my son- but it was also incredible. 
Only three stars because I want to try more to see how the rest of the offerings pan out. But I'm excited for an update!The best bakery in the city, hands down: pastries, breakfast sandwiches, coffee, decor, staff, outdoor seating, you name it. The breakfast sandwiches are a great treat on a weekend morning, and it's hard to resist the baked goods -- just make sure you get there on the early side because it can get packed on the weekends starting around 11:00 AM, and there is not much room inside the shop. The owner is so wonderful! And the staff is super friendly. Go now, my Yelpers!Super cute, super friendly, kinda pricey but worth every penny IMO. Very minimal seating- plan to take your baked goods to go.Looking at the other reviews I must have picked the worst baked good because my $3.50 breakfast cookie was dry and the ingredients were all over the place. It sat like cement in my stomach. Was that a bite of fig? Then a random peanut? I am still digesting the price of a single, dry cookie even more so than the cookie itself. I will keep Metropolitan for the win.Oh. My. Buddha. This place rocks. May be the best egg sandwich on the planet.  Tiny place with limited seating but eat it on the sidewalk like a dog if you have to. It's that good.Scones to die for, really. All my life scones have been dry with not much flavor. These are Literally incredible.   All flavors such as chocolate chip, apricot, maple oat, maple fig. Yum!I can here to grab a bite for breakfast on a Sunday and it was much smaller than I had thought, with only 4-5 seats. They also didn't have the coffee I wanted (iced decaf) so I just bought a scone to go. The cranberry walnut scone was super tasty. I was very tempted by the fig and brie scone which looked pretty good too-- as did most of their fresh baked goods.While around the area recently, I popped into this store to get my little guy a cookie.  OK ok ok, and I got myself a sourdough coffee cake as well. My little guy let me try some of the chocolate chip cookie and man oh man but I wish I'd gotten two.  Great texture, great flavor.  That's a good cookie.
Nice location.  Nice guy at the counter.  
Get ye a cookie!!This is pretty much the cutest little bakery you can find. We randomly stumbled upon this place while going for a walk around our hotel. The breakfast sandwiches are out of this world, made to order, quality ingredients. But what really stands out- every damn sweet thing on that menu. The sticky bun??? Drop everything you're doing and go eat one now. Sticky maple sweet bread with caramelized raisins- simply mouthwatering. Other than their amazing brownie cookie combo, the Cinnamon Toast Crunch banana pop tart is out of this world. Guys I'm glad I don't live in Philly, because I would gain 10 lbs in my first month after my daily visits to this place. 
If you're looking for a quick sweet pick up or a small nook to sit and have a snack, come here!We came here because of the stellar reviews, but weren't wowed. I had a birthday cake blondie, and my boyfriend had the smores cookie. The middle (gooey) part of the cookie was so good, but everything else wasn't great. Maybe we just chose wrong?Great deserts, breakfast sandwiches and bake goods. Even better people to help you. You can taste the quality of the ingredients and the care in preparation. It's a must stop destination when I visit from san francisco. Lisa the owner and her staff deliver value and quality.I woke up this morning to uber alerting me about their new uber eats app and I had to try it. The first place listed was this gem and I was surprised they were delivering to me because of my distance. Well, the did deliver, and I just had the most amazing breakfasts of my life!! I had the avocado toast special, which is avocado, tomatoe, feta, and soft fried egg on multi grain bread. OMG !! Sooooooo good!! I would order this again and again and I bet everything else on their menu is amazing to! Thanks bake shop and thanks #ubereatsThis place is amazing. I wanted to come try the cookies after seeing a post on Instagram. Drove 30 mins for it (yes, I'm one of those people) and totally worth the drive. The chocolate chip cookie was pretty good. It wasn't anything special. I'd recommend getting the other desserts over the cookie. The blondie bar they have is to die for. Its a brownie on top of a cookie, with chocolate frosting and pretzels in the frosting. They also have a birth blondie which is amazing. They do have a few cookie options. I just went with a chocolate chip. I would get the cookie again if I go back, but it wasn't the greatest cookie ever. If you check into yelp you get the cookie for a dollar, so for a dollar it is more than worth it. The food was fantastic! I got an egg sandwich on the everything English muffin. Incredible! The jam is very fresh, and I highly recommend adding it to the sandwich. Everything was freshly made, from the spinach to the eggs. The coffee was also really good. And the service was great. The employees were SUPER nice and helpful. Very accommodating! Overall, I love this shop and I highly recommend checking out this place. FYI, there isn't much space to dine in, so be prepared for that!I was not greeted with a simple hello or even a smile upon entering this establishment ... just weird looks which should have been my cue to exit and take my business elsewhere but since I walked a few blocks for a cookie I decided to push through. 
I ordered 3 cookies and each of them had very strange textures, taste, and smell (yes the smell was off). I just couldn't eat them, the only saving grace was the coffee which was decent tasting. 
Judging by the reviews I was hoping to cure my sweet tooth but nope ... on to the next one ...I ordered the famed avocado toast and a bacon, egg and cheese from this place on Uber Eats. Maybe it's a fault of the app, but I had ordered the avocado toast on a croissant for +$1.00 and it did not come on a croissant.  There was also no bacon on the bacon, egg, and cheese.  Otherwise, the toast was delicious with really ripe tomatoes and avocados.  The bacon egg and cheese (sans bacon) was on a soft everything bagel thin type roll.  Also got a blueberry Babka which arrived still warm, which was amazing.Stopped by during a snowstorm and the place was still open! My friend and I had the sandwich and didn't try any of the desserts/baked goods so I cannot comment on those (although they smelled amazing). I had the egg white/spinach/feta wrap and tried my friend's grilled cheese. Both were delicious and I highly recommend this place!
Only downside is limited seating but I am writing solely about the food (which was great!) 
Will be back to try the baked goods soon!I walk by this place during my morning commute, and was always mesmerized by the smell of fresh baked goods. I decided to stop in one day, and I haven't regretted it. Everything is fresh and wonderful! But, they have some of the best scones I've had...in FOREVER!I cannot say enough wonderful things about the Bakeshop on 20th and its owner, Lisa!!!! When I found them online and called to see if they would allow us to take some engagement pictures there, I spoke to Carmello and he was so kind and excited and told me that he would talk to the owner and have her get back to me. When I spoke to Lisa on the phone, she was so sweet and accommodating! She even offered the bakery to us after hours if we wanted!! Once we got there yesterday, she went ABOVE and BEYOND for us; letting us use jars, books and cake plates for props and told us that we could arrange any furniture we wanted. She made it such a FUN, WARM and COMFORTABLE experience for us!! NOT TO MENTION, I could go on all day about their baked goods and lattes!! The chocolate chip cookies and brownies are to DIE FOR! Do yourself a "sweet" favor and get over to the Bakeshop on 20th now!Always amazing! Everything from the scones to the cookies (chocolate chip and ricotta my favs) to the savory food. LOVE the avocado toast and the egg white wrap. My hubby loves the breakfast sandwich. The staff is always super friendly!The food and the people here are fantastic. The shop is small, but the people are super friendly and welcoming. We ended up sitting down to enjoy our delicious meals (salmon special on everything muffin, breakfast sandwich), and got to breathe in the glorious smell of the oven. We watched the staff welcome all those entering as old friends, helping them with whatever questions they may have. Then the sticky buns came out. Then the babkas. Oh the babkas. Absolutely fantastic. One note: the location is small, so be ready to take it to go.
Overall, the smoked salmon special on everything muffin was 10/10. The bacon egg and cheese sandwich was 10/10. The scones were 10/10. The pumpkin chocolate chip babka was 11/10. And the staff and everyone there were 12/10. Make it a point to come here for some delicious grub!I love this bake shop! When I'm working long hours I just stop in and grab some cookies or muffins and they are always hot and fresh! The mixed cookies are amazing, chocolate chip and chocolate cookie mixed into one huge cookie and it tastes like its homemade. They also make amazing hot chocolate! Great prices for the size of the treats.Yum! I recently moved to Rittenhouse and have been frequenting bagel shops for a quick breakfast. Most of the time I would rather have something more low key so I stopped in this morning to grab the Avocado Toast. It hit the spot! It was filling but I didn't feel like I was starting my day on the yucky side. Exciting to go back again and hole for consistency!I'll start by saying the drop in stars is not due to food quality- everything I get from here is amazing. However, they are becoming more popular for breakfast sandwiches and such, especially on the weekend. While I'm happy people have discovered the deliciousness it has caused the wait times to become outrageous....they simply don't have the capacity to meet demand. I went in for an avocado toast the other day and was warned it would be 10-15 minute. Ok No prob...went to get a smoothie a couple doors down. Came back, waited almost 30 minutes for avocado toast! Spread bagel can churn out orders at triple the speed. Unfortunately I will hold at 3 stars until they figure out how to be more efficient.The Rittenhouse square was SO good. I also got a brookie which was a super cute concept, but next time I'll probably stick with just a chocolate chip cookie. Definitely recommend and definitely coming back!I love this place. Lisa has a lovely space and incredible products. My favorite thing outside of the amazing sweets is the Avocado Toast special. Everything I've had from Bakeshop has been excellent and I love bringing home treats from here for family and friends. HIGHLY recommended if you're in the Rittenhouse area.Have stopped in a couple times and have been pleased both times. I have had the Jewish Apple cake and the pumpkin crumb muffin - both really good! Super cute inside and a lot to chose from. All baked on site. My only complaint is that it's a bit pricey- $4 for a muffin is a tad much !This is a really cute place to go for a quick cup of coffee or a delicious pastry. The interior isn't very big but there's a table outside where you can sit down and read a book or drink your beverage. The flowers on the windowsill are very beautiful. Definitely worth checking out!Just got some desert from that place. The taste was really good as well as the look. However the server was not hospital at all. We wanted to try some cookies before purchasing and they didnt let usBought cookies for a friend - tried a sample of the Italian ricotta which was really moist and delicious.
Great assortment of pastries and really cute interior, just VERY VERY small, so would probably be hard to have a sit down to eat here.
Cookies were yummy but I thought a bit pricey at $3.00/cookie.I discovered their breakfast sandwiches as I was rushing to work one morning, and quickly fell in love with their avocado toast: toast topped with avocado, feta, tomato, sriracha, and eggs. My son devoured a delicious chocolate chip nutella muffin (I'm surprised he was willing to let me try a bite!). It's definitely a treat to grab breakfast here (although since the bakery is small, we always get our food to go). The people who work there are always friendly as well.A quaint little bakeshop near Rittenhouse Park. We had to try the oatmeal, chocolate chip, and chocolate chip/ brownie cookie... all which were delicious and full of flavor! My husband got the fig and Brie scone and he did not enjoy it. It was flavorless, figs were a little tough, and the scone seemed undercooked in the center. Overall, it was a good experience and would go back again.So maybe we got the wrong thing for breakfast, but the savory breakfast sandwiches were not particularly warm with soggy flatbread. The bacon in the bacon egg and cheese was good, but the rest of the sandwich was nothing to write home about. I think I would prefer McDonald's egg mcmuffin to this bacon egg and cheese sandwich. It would have been nice if the sandwich was toasted and assembled in a reasonable time. To make matters worse, there was no room inside as friends of the workers were sprawled over the table and pushed closer to the window so that the rail at the window was not accessible. Overall it seemed like we were inconveniencing them by trying to order something besides pastriesI take my baked goods and breakfast sandwiches very seriously and The Bakeshop on 20th excels at both.  I've been here a few times while visiting Philadelphia and have been very impressed on all occasions.  In fact, I may have booked my most recent Air BNB stay around the corner from the bakery with the goal of visiting multiple times in one weekend. (Goal achieved!)  I highly recommend the chocolate and cherry scones as well as the breakfast sandwich on "Philadelphia style" English muffins (add the sriracha sauce).Not sure if life gets better than The Bakeshop on 20th's classic chocolate chip cookie. The cookies are perfectly gooey and delicious on the inside with just the right amount of crunch on the outside. That, and the cinnamon chocolate babka. Incredible.
You also can't go wrong with their amazing breakfast sandwiches...especially on the homemade English muffin. 
Don't miss this bakery!!!The trifecta bar was out of this world! Chocolate rice crispy, peanut butter chocolate brownie and chocolate chip cookie. Perfectly Gooey! Heavenly!gettin fat now i have to buy new pants because of this place thanks a lot ya jerks
totally worth it. dat BLT thoSkip the lines at Spread and come here ! Seriously! This place is a bakeshop but so much more ! I got a breakfast sandwich and  later opted for some scones. They have something for everyone (vegan, gf, etc). Check them out!Was in town for an event at the convention center in October and came here both mornings for breakfast. Small shop with stellar baked goods and breakfast sandwiches. Definitely worth the stop if you're close by!I'm a huge fan, after only a month - they have the Wow factor! I'm not a big scones person, but must say this place is changing my opinions of scones. They have interesting flavor combo 's such as "pear/chocolate" and "strawberry almond" .... Ok, I'm game. I've tried about 8 different things and loved them all. They have real pastry chefs, a nice owner, and an upscale vibe but not too pretentious. It's not your Dunkin donuts experience so if you want 80 choices & service in 20 seconds, this place is not for you. However, they keep the LA Columbe coffee flowing & you can pour/make your own cup while others are getting their pastries. It's a quick fancy-ish breakfast place for weekdays on the run, or take out some delicious treats on the weekend to impress the brunch crowd at your place. I'll be back, often!I have to leave another review for Bakeshop on 20th.
A small alcove on a street lined with cozy shops and businesses. 
This is a gem amongst them all.
I've been stopping in to get their fabulous blueberry muffins for my son who LOVES them. So points right there.
And holy BABKA. 
Being a Jewess of Eastern European descent, I am no stranger to babka. The doughy innards sweetened with chocolate or cinnamon is mirrored on my body. 
It flows through my veins. 
I am babka, and babka is me.
This babka is my spirit animal. A symphony of cinnamon and cocoa entwined in an embrace that cannot be matched. 
Drive all night to arrive here to eat this chocolate babka. 
One day I hope to be so wealthy I can be entombed in a mausoleum made entirely of the babka from Bakeshop on 20th.
It was delicious! Perfect to bring to a dinner or party!I got the maple oat vegan scone which was very good. It wasn't dry or too sweet which is ideal for a scone but it was pretty pricey. The prices weren't listed anywhere for their baked goods so when I asked how much the scone or breakfast cookie was, the woman seemed very annoyed. There is also a 5 dollar minimum FYI.I've never had a bad experience at Bakeshop on 20th, and I've had MANY experiences here. The scones are out of this world - the brie and fig is my all time favorite but you seriously can't go wrong with any of them. I also highly recommend the horseradish and salmon open faced special. Anytime I have visitors in town I make sure to take them here - and of course send them home with some goodies :) The staff is always very friendly and happy to help you make your selection since there is so much to choose from. I can't wait for my next visit!The Bakeshop on 20th gets a whole lot of attention for both their savory and sweet offerings, and I fully understand why.
Star 1: How were the service and atmosphere?
There's nothing quite like a quaint little bakeshop to provide reprieve from the elements outside, and that's exactly what I stumbled into on a particularly cold and rainy Saturday morning. Opting for one sweet option and one savory, my goods came out in no time in the hands of friendly staff. Star Granted. 
Star 2: How were the portions relative to the cost?
Higher end baked goods come at a premium these days; and that's maybe why I didn't bat an eyelash when my chocolate and cinnamon babka came to $6.00. For the record (and evident by the picture), this thing was huge, easily a full meal, so $6.00 turned out to be a great deal.
From there, my bacon, egg, and cheese breakfast sandwich on an English muffin came to $6.95, which was a little pricey given the small size but nothing outrageous. Star Granted. 
Stars 3 and 4: How was the food?
Let's make it clear right from the get-go that the babka was the highlight here. Moist and flavorful throughout, I could have eaten two of these, and it sounds like the blueberry and cream cheese option is even more popular. 
The breakfast sandwich was good, but it didn't blow me away quite to the degree that the babka did. I later had a bagel breakfast sandwich over at Knead Bagels that I'll admit was better, but that shouldn't take away from the quality diversity offered at TBon20. Single Star Granted.
Star 5: Would you eat here every day if you could?
This is a tough one, but honestly; given the wide menu range, atmosphere, prices, and quality - I would. Star Granted.Imagine a world where the Bagel and an English Muffin had a baby.  It's reality here at Bakeshop on 20th. 
Kudos to the Philly Muffin.
I wonder if our founding fathers could have ever fathomed the possibilities.Great breakfast sandwiches! Really hit the spot to kick of the spring break bday trip for my little one.As a pastry and dessert lover, I was on a quest to find some of the best bakeries and pastry shops in the city. I came across the Bakeshop on 20th and decided to check it out since it looked like a tiny, boulangerie! I am happy I made that decision because I came across one of my favorite bakeries because of their great chocolate chip cookies. While they might not be the best chocolate chip cookies that I have had, they are definitely my favorite in Philadelphia. The baker has found a perfect balance between chewy chocolate chips and something that does not break right away. 
Over the course of past few months, I  have had the opportunity to try their other goods such as brownies, scones, muffins and etc. I have honestly come to enjoy all of their goods. I highly recommend the bakeshop especially over the other cookie shops in Philly (especially 4th street in RTM).
Overall, it is a tiny but comfortable bakery that is a block away from Rittenhouse Sqaure. Looking forward to visiting them again for their Yelp Deal!I would promise my firstborn to whoever cooks their breakfast sandwiches. They make their croissants there and oh. my. god. The bacon egg and cheese croissant is heavenly. The only catch is you have to get there super early because they run out of croissants very quickly. They have good pastries as well, but they don't seem to have a back on the pastry case so flies like to hang out on the baked goods which isn't super appetizing.Brookie=Half brownie half cookie. At $3 this is a ridiculous price! But the flavors were delicious. Super rich and so ooey gooey you wonder if it was half baked :)
Overpriced but I will be back to try other goodies!Perfect!  Stopped in for a bacon, egg and cheese sandwich and it was fantastic. Try the blueberry muffins too!  Friendly folks with a small town feeling.I had a blueberry muffin just out of the oven. Fantastic. Service was great. Scones, muffins and other similar fare. Absolutely worth it's reputation. No seating space to speak of, so plan accordingly.Slow, disorganized service.  The lady behind the register was distracted while taking our order, she seemed to prioritize a friend who had walked in, serving her before all the others on the line.  Took several minutes for them to give us our iced coffee while those who ordered after us had no problem getting their drinks.  However, my boyfriend said his sandwich was pretty good.I ordered a smoke salmon avocado sandwich and an assortment of pastries over the Yelp website as a Father's Day treat for my husband. He enjoyed the sandwich, and the Nutella swirl loaf was a big hit...
...but we were disappointed to open the big box when we got back home and find that the scones were not what we ordered. We asked for a fig and brie and picked the one from the box that looked like what it might be, only to find out it was studded with peanut butter chips, or something that tasted very much like them. The discovery was made by my son, who loathes peanut butter. Thank god he's not actually allergic or we would've had a big problem on our hands. There was also an inch long piece of plastic embedded in the top. We also asked for a bacon and cheddar, which was nowhere in sight, and the lemon poppy we asked for was also MIA. The stuff we tried out of the box was very tasty, but not what we were expecting or hoping for. 
So, the items we actually received were delicious enough to merit five stars for the quality and flavor, but I'm deducting three stars from my review for the poor order fulfillment, especially considering the amount of money we spent and the fact that we drove all the way down to Center City from Germantown to get it.
UPDATED
Adjusting my review up to four stars since I discovered the owner did try to contact me to tell me the scone flavors change daily. Maybe the Yelp order form could be changed to reflect that information in order to better manage customer expectations.Excellent quality of baked products. Coffee was great too. Wish they have more space to sit and work. It's a great place to catch up work with great snacks in the weekend.So we like this place and the food is tasty but with the million Uber Eats orders (we will do that next time) the wait for our breakfast sandwiches this morning was 20-25 minutes. NBD unless we had our dog and baby with us, which we did. We walked all the way over here so felt compelled to stay but a little too long of a wait for us. Next time, Uber eats it is. If you're not in a rush, a good place to go.
Update: I changed my review to 4 stars because they gave us a few free things to make up for the wait including a treat for my bulldog so that was sweet and appreciated.Best in the city for a sweet treat!! The scones are all amazing, and the sticky buns remind me of my dad's - homemade, and absolutely worth every calorie. They have ricotta cookies here that are the best. I love this place!!!Love the Bakeshop. Place is legit. Can't get enough of the bread pudding. And the maple blondie?? Give me that all day. And love that they keep changing things up every day, let's me know things are always fresh. Favourite part tho? The smells from a block away.Cute, wholesome, homestyle high-quality baked goods. Not alot of seating, but a lovely spot if you can nab a table. There's one small bar and table inside, and a table that seats three outside with a lovely planter arranged with all kinds of neat tropical things.
We tried the pear chocolate chip scone, which was fantastic. I also had a sample of the apple cinnamon bread pudding cake which was also very good. I like that their baked goods are well-flavoured instead of just being too sweet.
Coffee is fine and they provide soy and almond mik. Corsica is their dark roast.
The server was so friendly!
Drop by. :)We stopped in here a few days ago, because I had a hankerin' for some pie. They didn't have any at the time, however their scones, muffins, and other baked goods looked quite delightful! I asked if pie was something they ever made and the woman informed me that the baker frequently makes hand pies and would be baking several pies for the holidays....EXCITEMENT!  She also told me there would be strawberry hand pies available the next day...DOUBLE EXCITEMENT!!!!! I asked her to hold one for me the next morning and she gladly said she would. The next day we came back, picked up our treat, and proceeded to devour it in seconds...a most EXCELLENT little pie!!!! So delicious, that I will have to come back to purchase more tasty little treats! 
YAY for baked goods with REAL ingredients baked to perfection!!!!!Despite the uninventive name, the baked goods here are definitively innovative and incredibly well executed.  I stood salivating at the counter and had extreme difficulty in only selecting a few precious items.  
First, the scones are incredible.  I've had a lot of bad scones (dry, crumby, tasteless, etc), the scones here are anything but.  I selected a maple banana walnut.  It was HUGE, I couldn't even finish it.  It was also very flavorful and moist.  I wish all scones could be this good.  
The rittenhouse square is also wonderful.  It has an indulgent layer of caramel on top and some graham cracker crust and brownie stuff.  This is a must try.
Not to be forgotten, I eyed cookie sandwiches being prepared and I could not help but impulsively request one.  I'm very glad I did.  The chocolate chip cookies themselves were an excellent iteration and the cream inside was thick, sugary, and sweet.  I cannot stop thinking about it.  
The sticky bun was also very good.  It was not my favorite that I've ever had (the gold standard will always be Flour in Boston) but this was a good version.
Bakeshop on 20th is probably my new favorite Philly bakery.  I cannot wait to go back.Upgrade!  The Bakeshop on 20th is my favorite Philly bakery, the best sweets I've tasted so far.
There's something for everyone on the menu here -- chocolate babka, sour cream coffee cake muffins, soft baked sugar cookies, a variety of bars (brownie, Rittenhouse Square, raspberry bars), savory breakfast sandwiches on freshly made English muffins, and scones -- oh the scones!  
My weakness for a well made scone has been exposed.  The Bakeshop on 20th scones are almost like muffin tops, with crispy exteriors and slightly more moisture than standard dry scones to hold them together but not enough to make them soggy.   Their rotating selection of scones (always at least four flavors) is drool worthy.  I've seen strawberry basil, fig and brie, apricot, chocolate chip, banana walnut oat, blackberry lime, and many more (even some vegan selections).  
As an added bonus, The Bakeshop on 20th offers Belly rewards.  Haven't heard of Belly?  Stop in to check out this frequent shopper rewards program and earn your way to free La Colombe coffee or even a chance to trail one of their bakers in the shop.We were totally charmed during our visit to this dainty little coffee shop. The decor was lively yet without a single shred of gaudiness. Such a match with my taste! I had the avocado special sandwich and my friend had a raspberry fold-over. The sandwich was healthy calories and the pastry was just off the oven and thus it's crispiness was spot on! Definitely a full five-star!Good but not great. I really wanted to like this place, but the food was underwhelming. We tried the breakfast sandwiches (on the homemade english muffins), a sticky bun and a cookie. Though all were decent, they looked better than they tasted and were overpriced, in my opinion. The cookie lacked flavor, the sticky bun could not compare to the more reasonably priced ones at the Reading Terminal and the breakfast sandwich was tasty, but small for the price. The one exception was the bacon on the sandwiches, which was thick-cut and delicious. 
There is simply too much better food in Philadelphia to warrant a return trip.Found this place on yelp after searching everywhere to find a place with gluten free products for my friend's birthday. It was open really early, which was an added bonus so I could come before going to school to ensure the treats were fresh for my friend. I got 2 of the brown butter rice krispee treats and one chocolate brownie. They were fantastic and everyone who tried a piece raved about them. The treats were also wrapped up in a nice box which made for good presentation to my friend. I think I paid around $10 for the 3 treats which was totally worth it for gluten free goods that are pretty unique. I will absolutely return back!Bakeshop on 20th has a special place in the Philadelphia culinary scene. I've been coming here for the last three years for a quick brunch with friends or my wife and during this time I've tried about half of the things on the menu. Their offerings fall between breakfast sandwiches and baked good (as the name implies). They also have coffee and tea and some other surprises.
The breakfast sandwiches are offered on homemade English muffins which are out of of this world. My favorite is the whole wheat English muffin. You can have your egg one of three ways- scrambled, fried and egg white. And that is just the beginning of decision making! Bacon- pork or turkey? Both are awesome fresh thick cut. And the toppings are also great- everything from sriracha to jam and spinach. 
The baked goods are unbelievable - it's like having a grandma who woke up at dawn to make you the most amazing spread of your life. Muffins (Nutella is my favorite), cookies (Brookie), blondies, brownie, scones. 
Philadelphia is a better place because of Bake Shop on 20th and if you like homemade foods as much as I do you will find this place a small slice of heaven and priced fairly... especially fair for heaven.Said I would write a review and here I am! 
I love this place!! They have THE BEST sticky buns I have ever consumed! And their new breakfast sandwiches on their menu are also very yummy. The atmosphere is super relaxing and a great place to sit and people watch out the window. The ladies who own the shop are so friendly and always take time to ask how I'm doing and have a real conversation with me which I really appreciate.
If you go here, and you don't know what to order, definitely get the sticky bun. Take it home and warm it up and enjoy with a good cup of coffee. You won't be disappointed.Absolutely everything here is wonderful!!! 
Breakfast sandwich: bacon/fried egg/pepperjack/avocado on a philly muffin - SO GOOD! 
Their almond croissant is truly just too good to be true.
Sweets:
The brookie (half brownie half cookie) is my favorite thing ever invented...
Lemon poppyseed scone is out of this world
Raspberry almond thumbprint cookie - YUM
Rice Krispie treat is so decadent/cozy
Homemade Oreo - are you kidding me? love...
My list could go on and on. GO THERE NOW!!!Their baked goods and sandwiches are fantastic. Small shop so not really a place to sit down for a couple of hours. But, certainly a great place to stop by for lunch. I highly recommend the grilled cheese special and ricotta sugar cookie. Atmosphere is relaxed and the service is excellent.Excellent addition to the neighborhood. It is good and right to have a bakery near the Square. What to try?  The scones are perfect. They are not too sweet and the dough texture  is just right. Also recommended are the sticky buns worth every calorie I tell myself. Pies and cakes I look forward to trying.Delightful! Great little spot to grab breakfast in the neighborhood. The 'fill out your own order' slip of paper while ordering is a little odd (lazy?), but the egg and bacon sandwich I had was great!Great place to grab something savory, something sweet, or something in-between. Self-serve La Colombe coffee. Had the bacon, egg, and cheese muffin. It was completely customizable, and served on a delicious piece of Philly muffin. Also ordered a maple bacon scone. Very soft inside and a taste that could satisfy anyone's sweet tooth.The breakfast sandwiches are amazing! I highly recommend getting the philly muffin. The sour cream coffee cake is also to die for. On top of all this yumminess, the staff are really friendly. The owner is super sweet and welcomes you right in. Check it out!Love this little bakery, but they were sold out of brookies by the time i got there. I picked up a ricotta cookie and a classic chocolate chip. Both cookies had great texture, but keep in mind the items here are on the sugary sweet side So this is for people with a real sweet tooth!Such a cute new find! The place is extremely small-- there really is only 1 table for sitting, and there isn't wifi (I wish it was bigger so I could indulge in some baked goods while doing some work downtown). It really is set up as a stop-and-pick-up-baked-goods-to-go kind of place. Not complaining though!
The spread of treats is AMAZING, and everything looks tasty to the max. I tried the chocolate cinnamon babka muffin after asking the woman behind the counter what she would recommend if I could only buy one thing. I devoured the entire thing right away, and was super excited to go back to the Bakeshop to try more goodies.
Definitely check it out-- tons of standard, classic desserts like a delicious looking chocolate chip cookie, and then super innovative desserts like the babka muffin I ate. There really is something for everyone, which is why I think this is one of the most special places in terms of bakeries in Philly!Was in town for work and stopped in on a Sunday morning luckily right before the line started going out the door. Ordered a fried egg sandwich on an everything roll that had more of a bagel consistency, with cheese and avocado; Egg was good and runny, bread was delicious, the cheese was salty and melty, and generous slices of avocado. Just about perfect. 
Got some baked goods to go and was pleasantly surprised by the brie and fig scone, not as impressed with the lemon poppy one - texture was more cookie-like than scone. Chocolate cinnamon babka was excellent, and the giant Oreo was also delicious. 
It's cute without trying too hard to be cutesy and clever and with the exception of the teenager that seemed to be just starting, the staff kept the line moving. 
Looking forward to another visit next time I'm in town.Obsessed with this little ma&pa-type bakery. I live right around the corner and have never once been disappointed by the quality of their baked goods. The cookies are HUGE and the texture soft and chewy - seriously unbeatable. They have a check-in offer for a $1 chocolate chip cookie, which I make sure to get every time I go, but I usually also leave with an oatmeal raisin cookie, a double chocolate merengue cookie (the consistency of a french macaron in cookie form!), and a scone or brookie. The owner is so sweet and always has free samples on the side to try too! A must try in the rittenhouse area!When in Rittenhouse, do as the locals do.  Get the Rittenhouse Square.  This bar is a delectably rich brownie, layered over a sweet/ salty pretzel crust, and smothered in a thick layer of caramel.  
Bakeshop on 20th -- a super cute addition to an already super cute block -- bakes small batch bites that will satisfy your sweet tooth.  The owner took the time to describe her offerings, and never made me feel pressured to make a purchase.  I can't wait to return to try the chocolate babka.  
The Bakeshop on 20th will set you back a pretty penny, but portion size and quality ingredients more than make up for your investment.  There are a few seats along the window, great for people watching, but for groups of 3+ plan to take your treats to go.
**This savvy owner offers gluten free options too.I stayed in Rittenhouse Square over Labor Day weekend and discovered this gem. I've been dreaming about this place ver since! Everything I tried was amazing (I tried a lot), from the avocado toast to their "Brooke," which is half brownie, half chocolate chip cookie - it tastes as delicious as it sounds. Definitely get the avocado toast with sriracha because it's life changing.Best scones in the city!  Best cinnamon roll in the city!  Best everything I have tried. Maple oat scone, apricot scone, cinnamon buns, blueberry wheat scone, breakfast cookies. Plus I think they will be offering sandwiches soon (early 2015). Love it!  Love Lisa and Mark too.Found this lovely bakeshop online while searching for a bakery to provide pastries for a post wedding brunch. Being from out of town, I was dependent on communication via emails and phone calls.  Lisa, the owner, and her staff were very friendly, and advised accurately in terms of our order.  Now let's talk about how delicious the baked goods were!  The chocolate cinnamon babka was my personal favorite.  Everyone raved- and they were very kind and careful in terms of nut/peanut precautions due to allergies.  Thank you- highly recommend stopping in this gem next time you are in Philly.I was visiting Philly during Memorial Day weekend and was bummed to find that a lot of spots I bookmarked were closed for the day. So when I found that the Bakeshop was open, I rushed over. The space is VERY small, but they move fast. The bundt cake was very good, although the icing was a bit too heavy/sweet. They also warmed up the banana scone, which was nice. But the coffee kinda ruined the whole experience for me. I asked for a latte and there was just way too much milk - I felt like I was drinking straight up cream. 
However, I'm definitely willing to give it a try again since I enjoyed the bundt cake so much. There was a bit of a wait for sandwiches, so I might try that next time.Beware!  My egg sandwich was delicious this morning. But an hour later I had some serious GI distress.  And an hour later. And once more after that.Yum! I had the avocado toast and it was delicious. The ingredients were very fresh and it was cooked to perfection. My husband had a wrap and loved it as well. The service was excellent. The 2 lades helping us couldn't be sweeter.My grandmother lived in Japan, but I fantasize that if she had lived in the States, her home would have smelled like The Bakeshop; warm, inviting, wafting smells of freshly baked cookies. Their baked products are full of love and creativity. And the staff is lovely as well!This place is the reason I can't stick to a diet. The Nutella Chocolate chip muffin is absolutely sinful. The perfect blend of sweetness and cake. I also love the Sour Cream Coffee Cake. The cookies and sandwiches are great too. I have yet to buy something that wasn't amazing. Staff is great from the owners to the bakers the always have a smile and are very friendly.Dining Partner and I stepped into the Bakeshop on 20th on a Sunday morning around 10. The smell hit us first then the sight of all the baked goods in the display case sealed our fate. Dining Partner ordered a bacon, egg, and cheese breakfast sandwich on a freshly made Philly English Muffin. We waited about 15 minutes for the $7ish breakfast sandwich. The price was a bit high, but typical for that area and the sandwich itself was a good size. The bacon was thickly sliced and highly delicious. There were two sandwich orders ahead of ours, but a 15 minute wait for a breakfast sandwich is too long.  We also purchased a chocolate croissant for $3ish. The chocolate croissant didn't have much chocolate, but it was fluffy and delicious nonetheless. I'll be back for the beautiful sticky bun and chocolate babka and apricot bars and cookies etc, etc.I have to hold myself back from popping in daily for one of their chocolate babkas - so amazing. They also have a great selection of coffees, pastries and breakfast sandwiches, as well as light lunch items. My 4 year old is a fan of their ricotta cookies. If you're dining in, it's a small space with about 2 tables and 2 bar seats (maybe). If you have a stroller, there are steps but you can park it out front without issue.Great little neighborhood gem. The staff is always friendly and they serve good coffee and food.Hands down the best place! I custom order my avocado toast with egg white! Chocolate chip cookies are perfectly chocolatey although I do wish they were slightly gooeyer and softer but the flavor profile makes up for itCoffee was ok. The croissant was heavy (a little too buttery for my liking). The avocado toast was good, but the portion size was small for the price. The bread was a wee bit over toasted. Love their baked goods and always love the experience, but these two things did not set my world on fire. Service was excellent.I came here because of one my colleagues at HUP exclaimed that they have the best scones on the street. With that high recommendation, I had to check it out. This tiny bakery is located on S 20th Street and is fairly popular. There is usually a lot of people either waiting outside or sitting in this two-table establishment. While the scone was I was told to go for, I got a classic breakfast sandwich.  It was great! This Philly muffin (which is essentially an homemade English muffin) complemented the scrambled eggs, the thick cut (and perhaps overcooked?) bacon, and sriracha sauce.  When you enter the bakery, make sure you go to the counter to fill out an order form - where you can customize youIt was a hefty meal - I could have eaten it over two meals, but I decided to make the plunge of eating it all in one sitting because it was so good.
The downsides about this place is that it is tiny, and it takes a while for the breakfast sandwich to be made (I think like 20 minutes). You can easily be in and out of this place if you are looking for a pastry. I'm going to be back, this time for the scone! I'll come back for another sandwich if I have a lazy morning and am not in any rush.I'm so happy I finally got to try this place after seeing all the foodie-blogger Instagram photos of sprinkle-covered cracked open cookies oozing rainbow whatever in someone's manicured hand.
Stopped in here on a Friday morning around 10 after a doc appointment and decided 'work can wait,' so made a beeline for this place, which was poppin' with regulars and newcomers alike.  Looks like something out of a movie, super cute and old-timey.  Stereotypically hipster, if that makes sense.  I was greeted by one of the best selections of overflowing multicolored sweets poised in glass that I ever laid my eyes on.  I'm a visual learner, so if I can't SEE what I'm buying, I probably ain't gonna buy it (why TF do so many other bakeries not display all their shit?).
Anyway, I also heard from a coworker that their breakfast sandwiches were dope, so I ordered to-go a turkey bacon/egg/cheddar on a bagel ("Philly Muffin") and a nice selection of 6 different carefully-chosen pastries (so hard to not just say, "I'll take the lot!").
The wait for my sandwich took longer than expected, but they were definitely busy with both in-house customers and Postmates/Caviar orders during the morning rush.  I was able to get a better look at all the different varieties of non-bakery foods they offered, as well as what looked to be really great, locally-sourced coffee.
For my sandwich and sweets it came close to $40 (yikes), but I would estimate that each pastry was probably like $4-5 each (they're MASSIVE), so makes sense, especially when I went in there no-holds barred on the budget.
Overall, my sandwich was okay (I was a little underwhelmed actually).  The Philly Bagel (essentially a square English muffin, but seasoned like an everything bagel) would have been better on its own with just butter (it was too soft and I like a bit of a bite to my sandwiches, like an actual bagel or a kaiser roll).  The egg was cooked fine, but the turkey bacon was not crispy at all and too thick-cut.  Next time, I'd stick to something a little more classic.
As for those pastries, the bike ride to work then back home that night jostled TF outta them, so a few fell apart.  My absolute favorite was their ricotta/Italian wedding cookie. My mom and I have made these every year for Christmas since my birth and they've never come out that good - absolutely perfect.  Will probably go back and just get like a dozen of those.  Others were 2 cinnamon/raisin cookies, a tahini chocolate chip cookie, a strawberry oat bar, and a birthday cake blondie.  The blondie was my second favorite, but very very sweet.  The oat bar and cinnamon cookie were too floury, almost like a biscuit.  So, a hit or a miss depending on what you get.
Overall, I would like to come back and try some more.Annoyed that there are no prices on baked goods in the cases.Best breakfast sandwich! The bacon egg and cheese sandwich how it comes is great and had me wanting to go back for breakfast again.One word: Brookie. I traveled to this bakeshop for this specific treat and it was worth the hike on a warm afternoon. First, for my Yelpers there is a check-in deal that you can get a cookie for $1.00, otherwise, you are spending about $3.00. The Brookie is a combination of a chocolate chip and brownie and it does hit the spot--I do not think I have ever ate something so delicious. 
The shop is small but at the same time, inviting and cozy, don't expect to have spacious seating for you and a friend for awhile. For all the people out there with a sweet this shop is definitely a gold mine. I had to fight the strong urge to ask,  "Uh, can I have one of everything?" The homemade strawberry poptarts were calling my name. 
Also, I ordered a bacon, egg and cheese (why not?) with avocado, that was made fresh to order. But what really made this breakfast sandwich pop, besides the two strips of turkey bacon, was the Philly Muffin. YAS! In my experience I have not run into many shops that has this as an option, so I was super excited. The sandwich was about $7.00 w/o the avocado but it kept me full and satisfied well beyond lunch time. 
I wish this gem was closer on my path to work but I guess I would indulge way too much. On my next visit: scones!We went for a quick breakfast before my appointment on Saturday around 11:20AM.  The place is cozy and with friendly service.  We ordered a hot drink and a smoked salmon avocado toast.  The place was not crowded but people constantly stopped by for coffee and pastries.  The wait for our food was a little long like 25 mins., I didn't have time to enjoy my food until after my appointment, but it was tasty.The Brookie was amazing - chewy, moist, soft, and super yum. Perfect afternoon sweet treat as its a combo of a chocolately brownie and a delicious Choco chip cookie!I was wildly impressed with this quant little bakery. Although this spot is a bit cramped, they make up for it in big flavor! I came this weekend for a quick breakfast. I had the smoked salmon avocado toast. Seriously one of the best renditions of avo toast I've ever seen. The smoked salmon was the perfect compliment to the creamy smashed avocado. It's topped with a mild horseradish sauce and crunchy cucumbers which provide a lovely textural component. All of this deliciousness sits a top a perfectly toasted grainy bread.
Being in a bake shop we obviously had to try one of the pastries. The sticky buns were calling our names. The sticky bit was thick, buttery and rich with yummy toasted pecans. The bun itself was a perfectly made dough, a buttery neutral base for getting the sweet topping into your body. Very good! I can only imagine how great it would've been had it warmed up. 
Overall excellent food, would 10/10 come back to try more of the goodies in the display case!Such a gem to have in this city!!!! This place is amazing, from the service to the food to the coffee. We had the salmon breakfast special. The ingredients on everyone's plate were so fresh! The treats after breakfast we're also good, you just need to find the right pastry for you! The service was great and very welcoming. Really not much space to sit and eat so plan to take out if you cant find a spot.Nice cafe in Rittenhouse!  I had a great frittata and a decent iced chai latte.  The seating options are rather limited due to the smaller space, but overall the quality of food and drinks was quite good.  I'll be back!This place is my favorite bakery in Philly!
I moved to Hawaii two months ago and their Instagram posts make me want to have a dozen Italian ricotta cookies shipped overseas.Ridiculously delicious baked goods made with TLC by the amazing Lisa Cosgrove and staff. Interesting flavor combinations that always work. Oatmeal raisin cookies that are more like oatmeal raisin cake. I haven't not loved everything I've had here so far. 
Oh, yeah, they also serve excellent coffee and make sandwiches to order. Overall a welcome and needed addition to this block of 20th Street.These are the best cookies I've ever had. Please take a moment to think how bold a statement that is, given how many different cookies one tries going through life. The ricotta cookies are my favorite--incredibly moist and delicious. The chocolate chip cookies are the perfect softness and ratio of chip to cookie. I've also tried their babka and their take on the pop tart, both of which are incredible. Never had a bad experience here and the service is great, too!Absolutely delicious. Great quality breakfast food and treats of course. Small seating area (only 5 or so seats tops) and small store but still super cute. Highly recommend getting a coffee and sweet treat and walking around Rittenhouse square.Oh my goodness. I went for something with cherry but of course me being me, they didn't have it. So I went with he chocolate babka muffin and it's the best $7 I ever spent and I'm including the authentic Rolex submariner I bought off of a rich crack addict in Vegas. Oh and the owner has the best looking skin so you know these baked goods work magic. see for yourself.Thanks to Yelpers for leading us to this wonderful little spot. For breakfast items we got a eggwhite-feta-tomato wrap, a croissant egg-ham sandwich, and avocado toast with smoked salmon. All excellent. For baked goods to eat later we got an Italian ricotta cookie and a cherry-almond scone. Superb. 
What a great neighborhood spot. Highly recommended if you're staying at  any hotel within several blocks or live in the area.Hole-in-the-wall turns out top quality avocado toast topped off with a poached egg.  Scones are unbelievable if you have a sweet tooth.  dine-in-space limited.We had our bagels and coffee, but being the gluttons we are, we stopped in to see if we could pick up one baked good to go. When asked for a recommendation, the lady at the counter highly recommended the chocolate cinnamon babka - basically a super soft cinnamon roll with chocolate lined on the inside. This was incredible!! It was soft, fresh and extremely flavorful. Not too chocolatey either, because you could really taste the bread and the cinnamon flavors. Would absolutely come back for one of these and to try some of their other baked goods! 
Also the shop is intimate and cozy (also, limited seating inside and outside) - a great place to catch up with a friend over treats & coffee. Or walk over to the park to devour your goodies like we did :)The Bakeshop features amazing brownies, cookies, scones, pastries, and other sweet treats, all at affordable prices. You'll ideally want to come with a friend, or be buying for a group, since the baked goods here are massive and best enjoyed shared. The staff are also sweet and friendly. Stop by next time you need to provide goodies for a group - or just to satisfy your sweet tooth!Quality bake goods and special order treats! Rice Krispy are not on their daily menu, but they were happy to accommodate my request for 20 Minnie Mouse Rice Krispy treats for my daughters 3rd birthday party! The ears were dipped in chocolate and pink icing! They tasted great and they were the perfect party favor for my daughter's little friends! When I picked up the treats the day before the party (I ordered one week in advance) the owner (maybe?) offered me a brookie(half cookie/half brownie) which was amazing and as a thank you for being a customer! This bakery gets five stars for tasty treats and excellent customer service! I will be a repeat customer!Calling all sweet tooth's: The Bakeshop on 20th is a necessary stop the next time you're in Center City. I desperately needed a break from finals studying today and decided on a whim to check this place out. I'm sooo glad I did. 
Talk about cozy! The Bakeshop is tiny, yes, but if you can grab a seat by the window, it's the perfect place to enjoy a mid morning or afternoon treat. 
I ultimately decided on the hot cocoa cookie, which honestly should be renamed the s'mores cookie. It was filled with a rich chocolate throughout, as well as white and dark chocolate chips. In the middle was a melted marshmallow. Yum! The brookie (cookie x brownie fusion) looked incredible too, so next time I'm around I'll be sure to try that as well. 
I was super pleased with my experience and can not wait to return!I can't say enough about this place. They're pastries are always 100% on point. The owner is extremely kind and the rest of the staff gives consistent and excellent service. If you're looking for a local regular bakery spot, you've found it.Stumbled upon this place looking for iced coffee. Coffee was great and I enjoyed pouring it myself. 
The muffins are AMAZING! The blueberry cheesecake one is  
It's on the pricer side but worth it. The staff was friendly as well. Will go back againWow!! Great cookies and better customer service and don't miss the Oatmeal Raisin and the Brookie.Best brownie in the world! When I described the brownie to my sister (who lives in Atlanta), she said "ooooh that sounds good! Gooey chocolate?! Bring me one!" So I hightailed it on the plane to 'the A' and she thoroughly enjoyed it, as do I, every time I treat myself. I also had 'the brookie' which too was delicious! I'll be back!I've heard of this bakery and couldn't wait to try it out. For my first visit, I tried the birthday Blondie. For someone with a major sweet tooth like me, this is the perfect treat! The frosting was decadent and yet you could still get the classic taste of the Blondie through the frosting. I'm in love. I will certainly be back to try many more treats. To top it off, the staff was friendly and welcoming!Nice little bakery- we had the egg/ bacon wraps which were really good. Coffee is ok- ishDelicious!!! Limited space so better for off hours or grab and go! They were very quick to get the food out and had plenty of staff. The are more than just baked goods. Nice sandwiches as well.Yesterday, I had an emotional moment with their strawberries n cream scone. Friends, this is completely unlike those dry scones you've had at all other bakeries. You will not be disappointed.
The woman who owns the bakery is also absolutely lovely - highly recommend a stop by here. Seating is limited, but don't let that deter you from picking up a treat.The capuccino was good and a large assortment of bakery goods. The only bad part is it's so hard to make a decision!! The brookie with chocolate and fudge brownie are definitely worth tryingTook a bunch of relatives to Bakeshop last weekend and they were quite impressed. I got a chocolate-cherry scone and it was outstanding. Others got various scones, muffins, and cookies. Can't wait to go back! 
PS Very good coffee too!The sandwiches, soups and breads look fantastic! And people seem to be enjoying them. The place is adorable too. I loved the cookies, but I'm not in love with the chocolate babka by the slice and I'd really looked forward to trying it. I haven't tried the babka muffins and will try them next time. I want to try the hamentashen too. Price point for the neighborhood is expected but it still feels high, but the products are high quality too. Everyone there is very nice and I love to watch them work in this open kitchen/bakery. The owner is very nice and seems devoted to her vision!Such a cute, cozy bakery with delicious scones, cookies, muffins, and coffee! Love the scones here particularly, but try coming on the earlier side to pick from all their options! 
Atmosphere: Really small, so it's more of a place to grab a scone to go and maybe eat on Rittenhouse square. Not much seating inside - I wish there were more (maybe can fit 5 people seated max). Baristas are very friendly too.
Food: I love their scones the most - not too sweet, and pair very well with tea. The chocolate rice crispy, peanut butter bar was a bit too rich for my preferences - worth splitting with another person or two.
Overall: 5 / 5 - Would love to come back to try more scones, which usually change day by day!I have passed by here a few times but there is not much seating.  Now I am addicted to the perfect scones (they make many kinds which rotate daily!).  My first experience eating here was a mid-afternoon avocado toast on multigrain bread with eggs on top and a tomato feta blend underneath with a little sriracha.  It was delicious.  I added a tahini chocolate chip cookie.  So I will continue to walk from City Hall during a break from work because the quality and friendliness of The Bakeshop on 20th is exemplary!Went here because I wanted sweets early on a Sunday morning. It smells so delightful walking towards the store.  I bought a banana maple scone and oatmeal raisin cookie. Both were great. The textures are very different than what I'm used to. It was a good different. A must try!I came here for the cookies! Definitely not disappointed!  My friend got the "brookie" brownie cookie, and I got the simple chocolate chip (each $3)
The chocolate chip cookie was perfect! Slightly crisp on the outside to maintain shape, soft on the inside and melts in your mouth. Generous chocolate and sprinkles of  salt. 
Line was a little long but moves quickly! Very little space to sit... small shop.