While we enjoyed sitting outside and the food was pretty good, the portions can be small and prices high for what you get.  My thai chicken salad had nary 4 small shreds of chicken and the chicken meatballs were minuscule.  Would not return :-(  too many better choices in our city of fab food!!!South Philly local spot. Fancier then a dive, not super hipstery. Brunch is great and their dinner ain't half bad either. There menu changes from time to time. Just a good spot when you want to go out to eat or drink and just chillCame in here ravenous after a long Ikea shopping trip. The ambiance is upscale casual. When we got here, the place was close to empty, with maybe one table and a bar guest or two. We took a seat at the bar and were greeted by a very down to earth bartender. He was attentive and friendly. 
I ordered the coffee porter, my bf ordered the Heavy seas winter storm. Both beers were great. We also ordered food. I got the pumpkin gnocchi. I am a vegetarian and could have sworn there was chicken stock in the broth but they swore to me up and down that there wasn't.. it was just that good that a meat eater wouldn't even know. 
My bf got a burger which he enjoyed, but the best part of his plate were the fries, that I enjoyed every time he looked away. They were so good I considered ordering just a plate of them for dessert!
For dessert, we decided on a drink to share: 'Pale Disguise', which was a mix of tullamore dew, dewars, honey and lime. It was delicious! 
By the time we left the bar was full and the dining room about half full, but the service did not falter.
Overall, the experience was great! Cheers!If you want a delicious brunch, go to Industry, you will love it!  I've been there a few times now, and cant wait to go back.  The Ghost of Mary, the Wakey Wakey just delicous.  
So far have had the Heuvos Rancheros, the Hillbilly Philly, the home made sausage and scrapple and the burger.  All so yummy, you will be amazed....Great spot with delicious food and good cocktails. Super close to our house which we can walk to. Great staff also!I've been back several times and the place has grown on me.  I still think it's menu is out-of-touch and needs some more basic options.  
However, they have started to tune into their cliental a little better with two specials that they offer.  
1) Bubbles and Burgers.  Monday evenings, $7.50 for burger/fries and high life or $11 for burger/fries and champagne.  Can't complain about that!
2) Their staff meals....they offer late night specials that are basic foods done well (and frequently with a twist) for reasonable prices.  This is what their menu should look like! 
but for now I will take the slow changes that I'm seeing as I still want this place to be awesome.  
Also, the staff is always super friendly.Hosted my first neighbors happy hour and decided on this local bar.
I ordered the burger and nothing to rave about.  You can't go wrong with the beers on draft, local beers are half priced off.  Buck a shuck oysters, not bad.  The atmosphere was nice, very open and equipped with a long community table.  This bar is for drinking only.Seafood BLT with grilled blue fish was very good. Didn't appreciate the grilled potato salad however. Excellent choices of beers both craft and bottled. Not sure if it was The Industry's fault, but it was very hot in the restaurant. The AC seemed to be underperforming, and it distracted from the meal.If you're near here you have to stop for the hillbilly Philly! A must have  service was pretty good and great creative drinksFirst and foremost, there isn't too much in the way of craft beer dine-in places in the Pennsport area where I live, so this is the walkable go-to for my boyfriend and me. I like that they have a menu that rotates and offers off-beat foods like buffalo sweetbreads, and I normally get mussles or whatever seafood special they offer. The large plates are big enough to take half of it home with you. The desserts are pretty tasty, and only once have we not been a fan (a peanut butter bacon thing) and the waitress removed it from our bill as a courtesy. The beers and specialty drinks are delicious, and I've never had an issue with service.Not too many places in Philly that give you complimentary sticky buns with your brunch! It was an adventure finding this place but well worth it. Got the duck confit hash and the duck was cooked perfectly. Disclaimer: the biscuits could feed a family of 4. Proceed with caution. 
Their drink menu is huge and pricey but the bar is cozy. Perfect to drink beers on New Years Day and lament with the staff about your hangover (which may or may not have been our experience).Gotta say, happy hour here is great! The crowd is fun and the deals can't be beat! The staff is accommodating and kind. Have fun!I was debating between 3 and 4 stars for this place, the service and the drinks were definitely 4 stars but I felt that the food could use some work and I will explain.  First we showed up and were able to grab a high top and settled in.  Our waitress was very helpful and always seemed to be around when we needed her.  We started off with the pig ear lettuce wraps.  These were very tasty although I do wish there were at least 1 or 2 more strips of pig ear in them but hey I guess that's a little nitpicky.  For dinner we split the wings and the short rib sandwich.  The wings were good, definitely a good size and good meat on them,  the house wing sauce which was a soy-hoisin sauce was interesting and good.  The short rib sandwhich was good but there was hardly any short rib on it.  The bun was probably 3-4 inches thick with hardly any meat so it mainly felt like I was eating a bread sandwich.  The sandwich was supposed to come with kimchi but I couldn't even tell if it was on there to be quite honest.  It was a bit of a letdown, so that is why I am giving it 3 stars.  We tried the S'more for dessert and it was good but I felt like there wasn't enough graham cracker and marshmallow, don't get me wrong the chocolate granache was good but it was extremely dense and rich and just completely took over the dish.  I would like to go back and check this place out again and try some different things.Oh, Mama!  Why have I not had the pleasure of the Industry's food till tonight?  Stopped in for dessert, but had to get the Duck Confit Doughnuts - get them people - buttery, savory, duck balls with goat cheese which are fried can never be wrong.  They were out of the polenta cake and subbed a Smores-type dessert with graham cracker crust, chilled dark chocolate ganache, and toasted house-made marshmallow.  It was pretty good, especially since the smokiness of the marshmallow lingered in my mouth long after the ganache had melted down my throat - yummm and such a good dessert for that oh so sexy someone - oh, but I get beside myself.  We also had the cheese plate, with three semi-hard cheeses, one each from goat, sheep, and cow's milk that were accompanied with honey, toast points, jelly, and sliced apples.  
Their cocktails seem pretty legit - I usually drink vodka, but I had a sip of a drink my friend got that had fernet - if you like fernet, you'll like it. 
Can't wait to come back here.  Oh, p.s., we stopped in on a Thursday night, which was right in the middle of their quizzo - anyone good at trivia?It's not all that often that I venture over to this side of town, but I think I kinda like it.
It's almost unexpected to stumble upon this smart corner restaurant. Its one large room with wood paneled high ceilings and an open view kitchen create a warm and inviting all-seasons appeal.
The food is interesting with a smattering of eccentric options present, from sausage and mussels in a spicy white ale-based sauce to savory guinea hen with Parmesan crusted corn on the cob.
This is clearly a great spot for weekend brunch or late night dinner in what I'd imagine is the next up and coming Philly neighborhood. Cool.Really affordable and delicious food. My husband had the Hand-rolled Pappardelle which was by far the most delicious thing we had all night. Highly recommended. My only complaint is the seat we had outside was a little smelly with the sewer being so close. Not enough to ruin the meal - but if you sit outside ask for a seat on Reed.I went to Industry on a weekend night and it was packed, but somehow our group was able to get table service. The layout was a standing bar area and tables. The open warehouse feel was attractive to look at. They food and drink menu was diverse and interesting. The people at my table seemed to be enjoying themselves.
The drawbacks I noticed on a busy night was the noise. It seemed impossible to have a normal conversation at the table and shouting didn't seem to help. My ears rang with the din. Another issue was the bathroom, situated in a corner of the room. It was hard to fight through the bar crowd to get there and there only seemed to be one stall.
Industry is an incredibly attractive place and can see why it draws a crowd. I would definitely go back, but may choose a weeknight next time.Great appetizers - Mac and cheese (balls), beignets and pig ears were really good. 
Burger (single patty) was disappointing. Nothing special. 
Dessert (s'mores) was really bad. Cold.
Also, service was VVVVEEERRRRYYY SSSSSLLLLOOOWWW considering it wasn't that busy. Our server seemed to take forever with everything except the billThe industry is always just okay for me. I always want to love it more and make it my local go to bar however I am just bored most times I am there. 
Food is okay. Def worth trying but nothing spectacular. Except the fried green tomatoes which are awesome. For a place located in south philly in a very animal friendly neighborhood I am surprised they do not have any vegan dishes at all. Even for brunch. This for many years kept me from going there on a regular basis. 
Beer selection is usually good. I don't feel like it has ever been easy to score more than one maybe two seats at the bar so this is not the place for a group to hang out. 
I think if I actually worked in the industry which many I know do I would love this place more. It definitely serves its purpose and is good but nothing more than that for me.Came by for dinner for the first time last Friday night. Everything turned out well except for my entree. I ordered the pasta, which tasted house made but didn't seem like the cook actually stirred the pasta once hitting the water. The pasta came clumped together and crunchy in parts that weren't separated during cooking. The porcini mushroom sauce was absolutely bland. The braised veal was also bland but cooked well. 
Honestly I was just disappointed with how a simple dished turned out so wrong. It's a shame since you can pretty much go anywhere in philly to get a similar drink based on their cocktail menu, but good food would had continued to bring me back.Oh good, another bar without Guinness.
Industry is another ultra-hip pub, which has paid a great deal of attention to the light bulbs, and thank God for that. On a blustery November afternoon, I want to make sure that my local pub has the very best lighting options. Some people may disagree, and say that having a nice pint of Guinness and a shepherd's pie might be just the ticket. I'm so glad 'The Industry' resisted the urge give people a familiar pint & bite, opting instead for bone marrow & chocolate stouts. Got sarcasm?
My friend and I decided to try 'The Industry' this week, as we were both open to the idea of trying a new watering hole. As we walked in after work, we took seats at the bar, and were the first patrons of the day.  We waited more than 15 minutes before anyone from the staff decided to acknowledge our presence, but at least they had shirts with snappy saying on them! I asked for a Guinness, which they did not have, nor did they have anything comparable. Okay...how about a lager or a pilsner which isn't cloyingly hoppy? Bar owners...You Need a couple Fastballs!!!! Be hip...be boutiquey...be artistic, but do put at least two staples on the chalkboard. I don't want a stout which tastes like coffee or chocolate; I want it to taste like beer. I don't want need 4 I.P.A's competing for the 'most hops award'  available to me; a good lager would be fine. Also, I am rarely am overcome with the urge to have a pint & bone marrow, or a pint & sweetbreads, or a pint & tartare...seriously? Come on gents. 
I get what 'The Industry' is trying to do, and to an extent, I like when people (including my own) have their palate pushed. That experience, however, is usually reserved for fine dining, not pub fare. This place is definitely a pub...with TV's...in south Philly.  A more honest look at who they are, and how their identity actually functions seem in order. I'll keep an eye out for any changes, as a like to support local business, but I'm in no hurry to get back.No idea how this place isn't getting 5 stars across the board. The Ghost of Mary. I mean come on. It's amazing. God damn I  am craving one right now. Or 3. 
The Hillbilly Philly is what I would request for my final meal if I were on death row. Not kidding.
Everything I've had here - Sandwiches, breakfast food, cocktails, cornbread - has been spot fucking on. Don't ever change, Industry. And I'm so happy you're near my house.Needing to grab some equipment from the nearby Comcast office, my companion and I chose the Industry as the location for a recent, Saturday morning brunch. The decor and ambiance upon entering seemed promising, as the dark woods, relaxed vibe, and high-ish ceilings suggested a great place to grab a bite and a drink. Though we weren't drinking, the tap list had some unique picks and the cocktails seemed well-thought out. 
Unfortunately, the food failed to meet expectations. It came out fairly promptly, which is always welcome when running errands. My shrimp and grits were just fine, though rather boring. Nothing really elevated the Industry's version of this brunch staple above any other of the city's renditions, so it failed to leave an impact. Similarly, the vegetable scramble was simply average. We appreciated the seasonality of the vegetables included (winter squashes and root veggies), but the dish needed something interesting to enliven the palette. Breakfast potatoes had a nice crunch but lacked seasoning. As a devout believer in the power of biscuits, I was disappointed by the Industry's' dry, bland cheddar ones.
Perhaps sticking to the more indulgent "hangover helpers" on another visit will yield superior results. Still, unless I'm in the neighborhood I see no reason to return to the Industry for brunch. The food did not impress (though certainly, with the exception of the biscuit, did not offend) enough to warrant a dedicated brunch voyage to Pennsport from elsewhere. For a drink, however, I look forward to checking this spot out and enjoying the vibe.I live on the same block as the restaurant and really like it quite a bit. They use good quality ingredients, change the menu to offer seasonal specials, and have very interesting and delicious cocktails. The short rib entree (when available) and sandwich are amazing, as well as the kimchee tater tots, wild boar ragu (mmmm!!), and my husband loves their burgers. I was a little disappointed in the Fois Gras PBJ and the Mac & Cheese Balls -- just not very tasty. The seafood BLT when made with fried oysters had a humongous piece of thick fresh bread, but 4 oysters so small I could barely see them, and the bacon & tomato were disproportionate to the size of the bread. They have a cocktail which I love and have never seen on any other menu - a Ghost Mary, made with tomato water instead of juice. So it's clear and very light. It's one of the best drinks I've ever had. I appreciate that they are clean and good neighbors, and while the service is always good in the restaurant, the staff is not always very friendly when you walk past and say hello. The atmosphere is good for dining in the restaurant but they also have super-speedy pick-up, which is great for those nights with no time to cook. I definitely recommend and will keep going back.Our new neighborhood bar. Great drinks and food. Party of 5, sat outside until 10pm brought it inside and same great service ... plus a visit from Spider-Man. We will be back for sure!One of the best places in town. I've been here a number of times; burger, chicken sandwich with egg, buffalo chicken meatballs and mac and cheese croquettes/ my faves!.The mousse dessert... amazing!Loved this place! Great food! Good atmosphere! Went on a Sunday evening so it wasn't too crowded, so I don't know how it would be on a busier day. Our waitress was friendly and sweet but didn't do that annoying this where a waitress comes over a million times during the meal (that drives me nuts)! The beer cheese fondue is WHERE IT'S AT! I highly recommend getting it if you have anything with fries!Always a good experience!  We end up coming here sometimes after seeing a movie and because it's so close to the theatre.  We've had the same bartender both times.  Not sure his name but both times he's always done a good job.  Being in the industry I definitely like coming here even if it's always a random occasion.Cool space with a nice bar. We went for brunch and was glad to see the offered some lunch option ( I'm not really a breakfast guy).  Beer selection is good and the BBQ pork sandwich was good. Friendly staff. Would like to try their dinner menu soon.I really enjoyed this place; I would give a full five but they're just getting started - give them a little time. I had the BBQ duck and my gf had the Thai roast pork - both were excellent! They garnished the duck with jalapeno which was surprisingly a GREAT touch. Fries were a little on the salty side but they still managed to be unique and tasty. Service and atmosphere were great; got a nice rustic feel and it was comfortable to sit outside on the sidewalk:  for those who aren't familiar with the Pennsport neighborhood, it has a Queen Village feel without the traffic (both cars and people) and parking hassles, rendering it a perfect neighborhood for this type of place. They have a fantastic beer and liquor selection, as well. Highly recommend folks check it out.Outdoor seating with dollar oysters at happy hour, great beers on tap, a huge seafood BLT sandwich with loads of fries. Wait staff was prompt and friendly. I'd definitely return!my friend and I decided to have an impromptu sunday funday, which started at the industry. i was a bit hungover from the night before, so i had to be cautious about what food and drinks to order. we met aaron, the best bartender EVER, and he gave us some great recommendations. i got the mint choc chip doughnuts, which were unlike anything i've ever had before. delicious!!! my friend ordered the cannoli cupcakes and they were to die for! both meals absolutely amazing! then we took advantage of the $5 mimosa's. i was very slow to start drinking haha but they tasted SO good I got right back on the horse! aaron the bartender hooked us up and he was so nice and personable. we had a great time there and I'll definitely be back since I live in the neighborhood. we couldn't have asked for a better way to start our sunday funday! thanks!! i highly recommend this place to anyone in the south philly area!Not accommodating...drove from Gladwyne to try because saw in Philly mag. Wouldn't serve me a drink and tonight is my 40th bday!! I didn't bring id because had a new purse?!  And haven't been carded in years. With my hubby who is 50? And we were ready to drink and eat up!! Their loss!We love this place - the food is fresh - the ambiance is great - the service is outstanding and the beer choices on tap are ample.Went here with a large party for late night snacks and drinks this past winter, it was great.  It was a Saturday night and it wasn't overly crowded like most other south philly establishments.  Solid, tasty food.  Also went during the day for brunch with my 1 year old son, they were very accommodating and friendly.Came here with a friend on the fly before a movie and honestly not much to report about this place. We were seated at the long communal table in the center of the restaurant to avoid waiting (we didn't have a reservation). I had a catfish sammie special and my friend had the fried chicken sammie. Both of our meals were enjoyable enough and the service was pleasant but overall I wasn't impressed. The one thing that surprised me about this place was the number of children present in the restaurant - I counted 9, which seems a lot for a place centered around alcohol.
I will probably have to give this place another go (mostly for beer selection), but for now I'll put it in the 'satisfactory' column.Great service..but they need to have a bigger burger.  
Overall - love the place.  It has a great cozy feel -- good for hanging out and getting drinks as well as for dinner on date night.  Mixed drinks are strong - just the way i like it.
and it's close to the movie theater - makes it easy to grab a quick bite in between moviesDon't do it. A friend and I came here last week to get some happy hour food and drinks and I was excited about the dollar oysters. I ordered 6 of them to start and my friend got 3 mac and cheese croquette things (they were also $1 each). When the oysters came out, they were so small it was comical. It wasn't the shells that were small, so it can look confusing, but the amount of actual oyster was a joke. I don't know what kind they were, but they really shouldn't serve them. Those oysters aren't meant to be served... Anyways, let's go next to the mac and cheese croquettes. These things were so bland and flavorless! I was given half of one and took one bite, not finishing the rest. I wish they would have put salt and pepper on the table, but I guess I'm glad they didn't because I would have had to drown it in S&P to give it some flavor. We thought maybe these two items just weren't good because they were cheap and happy hour things, so we decided to get a few other things. Big mistake. We ordered the sweet pea dumplings and a side of their sweet potato, brussel sprout, and bacon hash. The first thing I noticed was that the sweet pea dumplings were EXTREMELY small for the price ($9) and you only got four of them. I thought to myself that they better be damn good for that price. I first took a bite of the veggie hash, and was absolutely appalled. How do you ruin vegetables and bacon!? You drown it in disgusting spices, that's how. One bite and I immediately knew I was sending it back. Next we tried the dumplings. Thinking about it now, I don't know how I thought sweet peas inside of a savory dumpling would be a good idea. It was just weird. The sauce it came in was like an asian dumpling sauce...and sweet peas DO NOT pair well, flavor-wise, with asian flavors. I don't know who came up with this idea, and who taste-tested it and thought "mmm that's good", but they need to have their taste buds checked. We sent everything back and got dinner elsewhere. 
Everything else on the menu had a weird asian-flavored theme. I don't get it. What are you trying to do? Be edgy or something? Just serve food!
As for the drinks, I got a glass of happy hour wine (which was a very very small glass...even for the price) and my friend got the weird bloody mary thing with tomato water instead of tomato juice. I thought it was okay, but could understand why she hated it.First time here...we've been wanting to come for a while and tonight the stars aligned...very attractive decor...I had my go to drink...an old fashioned...the variations on these are to numerous to count...but this one is probably the closest to the recipe I've had...none of the ingredients overwhelmed, very tasty...kudos to the bartender for that...wife and I split the cheese platter...all the cheeses were tasty, the marmalade went well and the french(?) bread was charred nicely...then the long awaited hamburger came...cooked perfectly...I don't think I've had a burger that good before...made me want more! The side of fries were tasty...reminded me of McDonald fries...but better...and I mean that in the absolute nicest way! Perhaps the one word to describe the industry...is balance...all the ingredients were well balanced...none drowned out the other...and all you were left with was one good bite after another...bravo!Everything about this place was awesome. The happy hour is amazing. $3.00 local beers. Buck a Shuck. $1.00 Mac and Cheese things which comes with this awesome sauce. The look was amazing. This place is next to my childhood grade school so of course I wanted to go in and check it out. Guess what, I'll never do it again. Cause the day I went, I got the most neglectful and disrespectful bartender I've ever had in my life. It seemed to me that he went out of his way to ignore us, which I don't get cause the only thing we where asking for was you know, food, drinks, more food, more drinks. We weren't even trying to make small talk with this bartender cause it just seemed like this bartender was having a bad day. Which is obviously bad for you guys cause I don't think I'll ever come back. 
I totally recommend people to have their own experience of this place. 99% of the people that go probably won't have this same experience. I just wanted to tell you. Cause it's been about 4 day later and the service that I received is still annoying me. 
Best Regards.My fiance and I came here this weekend as part of our dinner and a movie date, and were so pleasantly surprised by our time at The Industry. (We were equally pleasantly surprised by Jurassic World 3D, but that's another review for another time...Oh Chris Pratt...) The restaurant is much larger than I was expecting, with a sizable bar, lots of tables, and a row of high seating that runs down the middle of the space. Although we almost exclusively sit at the bar when we go out, it was a beautiful night, so we opted for outdoor seating - plus, the inside was actually quite loud, even for us, so al fresco it was. 
The drink menu at The Industry does not play - they offer tons of beers and wine, plus have a pretty inventive and affordable cocktail menu. I was feeling adventurous and ordered something totally out of my standard beer wheelhouse (a Ginger Lemon Radler by Boulevard)  and it was amazing and my dude was very happy with the red wine he chose. Foodwise, The Industry has jumped on the gastropub bandwagon with a vengeance - think bar food meets comfort food meets ingredient from super left field. Case and point: foie gras PB&J (no, I did not order that.)
We started out with the fried mac & cheese balls, because, I mean, fried mac & cheese. Despite probably being a heart attack on a plate, these little guys were delicious and actually felt very light - they were crispy and creamy, but not greasy. Apparently we both felt like eating something raw after that would negate the calories, so I had the tuna tartare mini tacos and my other half had the beer tartare. Both were incredibly good, although I thought the tuna was a bit small and a bit expensive for what actually showed up on my plate. But I always appreciate an inventive and tasty menu, and The Industry definitely nailed it on that front.
The Industry is a great addition to this up and coming neighborhood and will surely only get better with time. We'll be back!I've been to the industry quite a few times. The service is great, food always comes out to my liking and delicious beer on tap! If you work in the industry, they give you 20% off, I always take advantage of that. :) It's great for date nights or if you want to grab a few drinks with your friends.Came here with some friends. It wasn't as crowded as I had expected for a Saturday night, but that changed quickly. Loved the atmosphere--nice bar, friendly patrons, golden oldies music, and definitely industrial with the metal tables. 
The food, on the other hand, left much to be desired. The menu can best be described a as eclectic. It boasts bahn mi sandwiches next to biscuits n gravy followed by dishes like mushroom cannelloni. I had the fish and chips (tempura-style) and my friends got wings and the mushroom cannelloni dish. My food wasn't nearly worth the $16 it cost me. The friend with the wings was the only satisfied customer at our table. The rest of us left and got takeout from Ruby buffet. 
This was a great place to meetup for drinks and conversation. They've got you covered on typical post/pre-movie snack foods (read: wings and fries). But not exactly the best place for a satisfyingly tasty meal.So I've gone back 3 times since my negative review. It's been much better each time.. The bartenders and servers have been great and the food has been good as well. They have some great specials going all the time. Happy hour $1 Mac and cheese croquettes are awesome. I'm glad my most recent experiences have been great and changed my feelings on the spot.. Since I live around the block.Great service, helped me pick out a perfect beer...Allahabad Black. Yummy burger/fries, wild boar ragu & loved the chocolate dessert.  Easy walk from IMAX!Ok I know what you're thinking-- another gastropub. But it's a good one. If this is your neighborhood bar-- you're one lucky bum. Mac and cheese croquettes? Yes. Part of the happy hour special?? YASSS. The kimchi tater tots were a lot more interesting sounding than tasting, but still fun. The burger was delicious and gone in two seconds. I like the range in prices for food, so you can get small stuff or go on and get fancy and get the large plates. I do like the atmosphere-- small, but not claustrophobic. Definitely worth a happy hour visit at least!Sat outside for dinner this past Saturday. Such a great find! Loved their extensive beer list; it was nice to see some different breweries highlighted. We split the oysters, watermelon and feta salad, and korean pork BBQ sandwich. Everything was excellent. Service was also wonderful. Will be coming back.I was running errands in the neighborhood and walked past this place quite by accident. I'd been hearing lots of great stuff about it and wanted to try, so I walked in. My impression was that this place does in fact live up to the hype. I had brunch there and the service was very good. I ate at the bar and the bartender was super-nice and very friendly and welcoming. They have a decent draft list--not very long, but there are some really nice selections on there. They also have a full bar, although I had a beer and didn't try any cocktails.
I ordered the shrimp and grits and although in some ways it is a simple dish, a lot can go wrong and I was pleased that everything about it was perfectly executed and showed some admirable technique on the part of the kitchen. The shrimp themselves were cooked just exactly right--still so tender and of course they were delicious Gulf shrimp with oodles of flavor. The grits were hearty and comforting without being heavy. They put two poached eggs on top and that was a heavenly yolky touch.
The decor is sleek yet homey and inviting. I'd definitely come back here for a dinner with friends or for drinks. I really felt that everything about my experience there today was on point.This is the Kraftwork of South Philly, and I mean that as a serious compliment.
My boyfriend and I stopped in here late on a Thursday night. We were quickly seated, given water and menus, and told about the specials.
The atmosphere is so cool. Well laid-out with interesting decor, it's clear that someone is paying attention to the details. The space doesn't feel crowded, and there is a variety of seating options - large tables, small tables, bar seating, and outdoor tables (though that stops at 9 or 10pm).
Beer list: a great selection of craft beers and "the usuals" for the uninitiated - I had a hard time deciding what to drink.
Menu: This is where The Industry doesn't get 5 stars. The meat-containing options on the menu are in line with pricing at similar places, but the vegetarian options are obscenely overpriced. My boyfriend had a cheeseburger, which was large (and tasty, apparently). It came with a mountain of really good fries that I selflessly helped him to conquer. My entree consisted of 3 sweet corn arepas with mushrooms, peppers, tomatoes, and a small dollop of creme fraiche. It was just okay, nothing amazing. Those ingredients in that quantity just don't add up to a $15 price tag. 
Overall, a great spot for beer-lovers, omnivores, and... trust fund vegetarians. I'll definitely be back for drinks.Food was meh! Nothing special to note nor anything horrific to report. It was all "fine". Drinks were nice enough with the exception of the bar having no blender so margaritas etc weren't possible. Real positive of this place is the staff. Attentive, friendly and efficient. If you find yourself in the area pop in for a drink! You won't be overwhelmed but you certainly won't be disappointed.New favorite place, hands down.  On Labor Day (and maybe it's a Monday thing?), they had $5 mimosas, beer-mosas, and Ghost of Mary - the menu describes it as a deconstructed Bloody Mary, our waitress explained it as veggie-infused alcohol.  It'll probably seem weird at first sip, but keep going - it's strangely good. 
Definitely a Monday thing is their burger and bubbles special - different burger each week, paired with beer or champagne, special price.  
On separate occasions I've tried the veggie scramble and duck confit hash, and both were fantastic.  The turkey bacon was nothing special but they prepared it as we asked (as crispy as humanly possible).  I tried my friend's falafel sandwich and it was stellar - who knew they'd do Mediterranean so well.
The menu's not terribly extensive, but I'll bet even picky eaters can find something that makes them happy, and more adventurous eaters won't be bored.  Prices are totally reasonable, the room is dark wood but lots of windows make it an inviting space, and the some of the staff make for delicious eye candy - win-win if you ask me.I came here after learning that the owner of Good Dog opened a new bar in South Philly. I have to say I prefer The Industry for it's cleanliness and ambiance. There is a lot of space between the tables and bar which you don't get at Good Dog. You can tell it is industry-themed, as they've posted bar rules everywhere. This is definitely a place for people who will respect the bar scene and not for rowdy sloppy crowds. 
They have a pretty good beer selection, and our bartender Mike was very friendly. We also ordered the bone marrow and lamb's neck gravy, which were delicious. I'll definitely be back for the lamb's neck gravy when it gets chilly in the fall!My mom always said if you don't have anything nice to say don't say anything at all. So I didn't. Until my third visit to Industry.
The space is fantastic: industrial, sexy, large, spacious (especially for Pennsport) and ample outdoor seating. The bar is pretty big, has a good selection and apparently draws a good crowd for quizzo.
For the first time, the service was fantastic -- our server was friendly, helpful and on the ball. In the past, service was super slow and vaguely surely. 
But the food is what's got me on the fence between 3 & 4 stars. The menu is huge with many appealing options. In past visits, I felt like I made the wrong choice: dumplings were small and flavorless, burger wasn't well cooked, eggs were lukewarm. 
But this time everything we ordered was stellar -- from the free coffee cake to the coffee my parent's raved about to the special (a Dutch baby which is basically a stuffed pancake, in this case with poached eggs  and fennel sausage), the BBQ Korean beef sandwich AND the biscuits with gravy. It all rocked. 
It did take awhile and it wasn't overly busy but I'll wait for something that good.
Which Is why I am torn. If I were just rating it on my visit last weekend, it would easily get 4 stars. And I'm cautiously optimistic about trying it again. Soon. So when I do, assuming it's on par with my recent visit, I'll, update my review with the extra star I feel like it will likely deserve.Delicious burger and seafood blt. Awesome beer list and great/friendly service! Will definitely be coming back soon!Average. Maybe slightly below. Definitely overpriced. After Pat Szoke left as the head chef, I started eating raw pancakes and food prepared by average line cooks. Great beers at a premium. Brunch is the best value, however, they need a standard bloody Mary on the menu. The ghost of Mary is a transparent version of the original that's inferior.
That being said....sit down late night, absorb the great service, pump the touch tunes juke box and crawl out the door. Average and expensive but really fun to drink there.Atmosphere is great, nice surprise for the neighborhood, but the food was pretty unfortunate.  Wish it was better...Great atmosphere, friendly staff & awesome bloody Mary's! For our first Philly dining experience this was fantastic. The breakfast tacos were ok, but the drinks and music and crowed were the real winning attributes! We will be back for sure!Good food, good beer, prices are a tad bit high , but the service makes up for any flaws this place might have.I couldn't disagree with the other review more. I too am stoked to have a place across the street from me. But after sampling the crispy pig ears, bone marrow, and steak frites, I was very happy. The cocktails seem to want to be speakeasy. But may need some tweaking. 
I sat at the communal table and within 15 minutes found myself chatting with blonde, twin doctors. So overall, I had a good time.
I look forward to many nights of stumbling back across Moyemensing.3 stars for the excellent customer service, but the food, meh. I came here for dinner and had heard good things about their fried chicken sandwich. It wasn't the hillbilly version, just their standard fried chicken "breast" sandwich. This chicken "breast" was thinner than a McDonald beef patty, making the 'sandwich' just a giant blob of bread dough. Also, the fries were cold. 
The Thai chicken salad was decent, and the falafel alright. The apple cobbler was a flavorful cup of mush.Fancy good food is a hard find. This place is great. The seafood blt is amazing. The brunch is to die for. Carmalized bananan pancakes fullfills my sweet tooth cravings and the shrimp and grits is the bomb. I do have to add that there coffee is very good. I will be coming back to enjoy brunch more often.Great neighborhood spot. We like almost everything on the menu but usually fall back on the burger, smashed chicken sandwich or one of their salads.   The happy hour and brunch are great as well.  Really just a really good place to go anytime for a bite or a drink ... Or bothThe first time I went, I was with a group of friends and we only had drinks. The service was great and the drinks were good. 
The second time I went with just my boyfriend on a Sunday before catching a movie. We ordered food this time and I was less than impressed. The BBQ sandwich I had was overly salty and dried out. For the prices being what they are, I really expected a bit better. The service the second time was abysmal. Now I know Sunday afternoon is a down time for bars and restaurants for the most part but my boyfriend and I waited for our drinks (a dirty martini and a beer) for over 10 minutes even though the bar was not busy- it took that long for our server to come back in from having his cigarette. Being a server of 12 years myself, I am extremely understanding but his attitude was poor from the start (which didn't seem directed at us for any particular reason) and then he took forever with the drinks and bill. I pride myself on tipping 20% as the MINIMUM but for this I had to go with a 16% tip just out of principle. Hope they can get their service and food back on track soon. I will not be returning anytime soon- there are just too many good restaurants in this city that have far superior food and service.Didn't eat during this visit, but enjoyed drinks in a unique atmosphere.  Staff was very friendly and offered advice on drink preferences and guided drink selection.I live nearby and have been here a handful of times since they opened. 
Pros: Food is good, waitstaff is on point and will take care of any issues. 
Once on brunch a pastry brush bristle was in my wifes meal we mentioned it to the waiter and they took the item off the bill. Beer menu is stocked with goodness and they do weekly specials.
Cons: A little pricey more so when you consider portion size to price. 
Definitely worth checking out.Neat little spot. 
Service was awesome! In spite of walking in with a very large group, our waitress was prompt and completely on top of things.  The food was ok, very average 'pubby' food although they had some interesting twists on sandwiches and a couple awesome appetizers (especially the mac and cheese croquettes and buffalo chicken meatballs).  However, sometimes all you want is just a plain ol' burger (with a side of really good fries) in a really friendly joint.My husband and I live near the Industry restaurant and wanted to give them business since we knew one of the owners. I must say that the service  acceptable. However, the food was down right nasty. I chose the burger which I thought would be very good since Good Dog is well known for an excellent one. The meat is of the brisket type and did not make for a tasty burger. It tasted like a crunchy bread sandwich that I could only muster two bites of. My husband had the shrimp sandwich which was subpar (to me it tasted like a nautical bread sandwich). On a positive note, our waiter was extremely concerned and offered another entrée when he noticed that I did not eat mine. I politely declined since I could not bear to eat another bite of their food. I really wanted to like this place because of it's location. It is a hip joint and could be wonderful if the food was not so putrid. I am sorry Industry. I will not be giving you any of my business in this economy. I would rather go to Royal.The atmosphere here is pretty good..the waitress was really nice. Great Beer selection. Had myself the "Mad Elf" on tap which was really good for only $5 plus they have speicals on drinks n food everyday..just check their instagram to find out what they will have that same day...Had the "Industry Burger" with bacon n fried egg...it was delicious but wish the sandwich bread was better like a "Hawthornes Cafe" bread...other than that....I like the place...would definitely come back again..This is our first time in Philadelphia and we randomly chose this restaurant as our first place out! We were a bit apprehensive at first because when we came in we didnt know where to go/sit or if there was a hostess, and when the girl who sat us did come upfront she was a little unsure and quiet.  However, that wasn't a big deal, and the waitress we had was very, very friendly and efficient.  The atmosphere is cool, but not a fan of the tables and seating arrangements. Slightly cramped. The food was AMAZING though. There was a slight wait with the food, but that was more than okay. It is actually nice to go to a place where they take pride in what they cook. You could really tell when our food arrived that the time was well spent on preparing a beautiful and delicious meal, and my husband and I loved that. The service wasn't rushed, it was relaxed and we had a great time.Really good food. What a tasty meal the chicken wings sauce was not that great and undercooked. The falafel was very nice and looked so pretty. It was perfectly crunchy and butterfly effected my Godzilla mood and was so awesome. The French fries are awesomeWe went last friday nite. it was not that busy yet.
we ordered the pork skin chicharon- i thought it was a little stale and I just thought that it will be fried freshly right on the spot.
Pork nuggets- the best one i didn't know that it was shredded pork inside 
mexican st corn- the best smokey corn ever. will order this one to go another time
general tso's chicken- i thought the taste is more like an orange beef sauce
will come here again to try other dishes in the menuThis place is great for brunch on the weekends. The food is consistently fresh and tasty and I've never had trouble getting a table, even with a large group. The servers are really friendly and attentive, but not overly so. My favorites are the fried green tomato salad and the shrimp with grits. So delicious! 
The only main complaint that I have is that there are very few vegetarian options. I eat fish but no other meat and prefer to stick with primarily vegetarian options when I eat out. I think it would be really great if they added a sandwich or burger to the menu that was vegetarian. It would also be nice to have some lower priced beer options.This is a great spot with friendly staff and always a solid beer list. I wish they had better meal options for a vegetarian---I always end up with a couple of apps, which are always delicious, but I'd go there more often if there was a delicious veg entree (NOT pasta!).I had a really good meal here. The buffalo sweetbreads were delicious, the beer list was excellent, and the service was great too. I also love that they have outdoor seating because there is not nearly enough of that in South Philly. This place is a great addition to the neighborhood.Really great steak frites, loved our server, too. The space has a great vibe.I pretty much stumbled upon The Industry by accident, but it was a happy one at that! We stopped in for brunch on a random Sunday after everywhere else we could think of was jam packed. Despite being very crowded, we were seated immediately by the friendly hostess. We were served a delicious, warm sticky bun in lieu of the tradition bread or chips as served at other places. I ordered the burger and the Ghost of Mary drink. My burger was so juicy and tasty, I couldn't believe it! I actually finished a burger for once! It definitely comes highly recommended. The fries were fantastic as well.
The Ghost of Mary was a disappointment to me. I understand the menu said deconstructed, but this tasted NOTHING like a Bloody Mary at all. There's no spice, no zip - nothing. It tasted to me like water had been poured into a glass where tomato juice had just been. It almost had a very boring salsa-y taste to it. I was pretty bummed about it. The drink was sort of refreshing, just totally not what I was looking for.
The decor in this place is really wonderful. I especially love the meat cleaver door handle! All of the staff we encountered were friendly and welcoming. Overall I highly recommend The Industry and will definitely be returning!After hearing many mixed reviews I finally made it to The Industry. It was okay. I liked the loud, noisy atmosphere, the mix of classic alterna-pop, and the beer menu. 
The food was a mixed bag: kimchi tater tots were lighter & tastier than I'd expected. The truffle dumplings were a little over the edge salt-wise but also savory-delicious. The fried green tomatoes got a little lost in breading, but the salad they came with was nicely dressed. 
My sandwich was no good, though. I got the house special Seafood BLT. If it's a special I feel it should be "special". I feel like that sandwich was thrown together without anyone even trying it before it landed on the menu. The bread was too large & too thick and the ingredients were lost inside. There was supposed to be aioli, but I only encountered a hint of it. The tomato was mealy & tasteless. While the mackerel was nice, it was no match for all of that bread. 
If I return it'll probably be for appetizers & beer.Awesome draught list. Great for groups. Cool neighborhood bar. Specials keep the menu updated.  Atmosphere casual and cozy.I love everything about this place.  The rustic meets industrial decor, the super friendly and sincere waitstaff, and the wonderful cocktails.  I didn't get to try any of the food, but the food menu items looked unique (Indian BBQ chicharrones and General Tsos wings) and the food coming out of the kitchen smelled delicious.  
From the moment I opened the door with the welded butcher knife handle, I knew I'd love this place.  Reclaimed wood paneled walls, industrial light fixtures with filament light bulbs, and a great cocktail list.  The Lucky Loser cocktail was fantastic with everything  you could possibly love- bluecoat gin, pimms cup, muddled mint and cucumber, and ginger beer.  I can't wait to come back here!Impressive local bar. My sister and I sat at the bar and didn't get much in the way of a bedside manner from the bartender, but we enjoyed the beer list and the names of the mixed drinks, and we split an order of the fondue fries which were delicious and exactly what we needed before heading to our final stop.Burger is good, but I agree with the other reviews most of the other items are too expensive or only so so. Inside is pretty but loud and dark. According to the manager, the outside is a smoking area with no signs and no ashtrays. And definitely not kid friendly. Go to Moonshine or For Pete's Sake if you have anyone under 13 in your party.Great Addition to the neighborhood.  The food was great and the Service  was awesome.  Will definitely be back!SO sad about it.  I live not too far... was hoping for so much more.  It looks awesome.... the beers are great... but the food will leave you wondering why.. and UHG... i don't want to say too much more.  Get the food thing worked out and I will be back.. all the time... and I will take away this review. -Here's HopingThe beer and cocktail selection is some of the best in South Philly. With a good range of taps and bottles/cans as well as a very well-stocked liquor cabinet, you can find anything you'd want. 
The food is at the same level. With some unique selections alongside some typical bar staples, Industry makes going out in this part of Philly an all in one event. The atmosphere is also beautiful and well worth the visit in itself.I went here to celebrate my birthday. It was an amazing experience, truly. The food, service, and beverages were excellent.
Alison was a great server who accommodated our party of 20 incredibly well. She was jovial, informed, and quite hospitable. She was facile, able to meet the needs of our demanding party (and birthday boy).
The buffalo chicken meatballs was delicious and had almost a pate texture. My favorite drink was the Pale Disguise (Tully, Dewars, lime, honey)--simple and elegant (another recommendation of Alison). Nice domestic crafts too.
My entree was lights out too. Braised pork shank over baked beans and wilted spinach. It was gigantic and succulent to the end. I'd eat it every time! Highly recommended. And it was the envy of the table: a true show stopper.
Some of our party complained about the size of the $9 burger (perhaps a bigger roll would have satiated them).
Other than that, our experience was awesome. I'm endlessly thankful for it too. Great work, from all the servers and staff who hosted our very fun and memorable party.This place is pretty good and definitely worth coming for happy hour (which ends at 7). Happy hour includes $5 drinks and $1 varies foods. My girl friends and I took advantage of their $1 oysters and got 20 of them. The oysters were served really fast and you could tell they were fresh. 
As for dinner, I shared the 1lb wings with a friend and got the industry burger. The wings were big and well cooked. I loved the favor of them and how tender the meat was. My burger was also pretty good as well. I loved how they had so many sauces you could choose to go with your burger. I picked the spicy mayo one.
The service was really good as well, the waitress came to check on us several times, making sure everything was alright with our food. Drinks and meals were served fast on the moderately busy night I came on. If you were in the area, I would recommend giving this place a shot.Excelent. Cozy, the food it's awsome. I got a Medium rare burger perfectly cook and onion chips, crispy and tasty 
It's a good place to share some drinks with friends or your love and scape from the city.My first visit to The Industry was on New Years Day after the Mummer's Parade and it was packed because of the close proximity to 2 Street. The decor is welcoming and industrial - chic and on a cold day spent outside their heat felt so nice. 
Despite the bar being two deep, the bartenders were super friendly and very quick. I had the Yards hand pump and it was a welcome respite from the lager cans every dive on 2 Street was selling. 
By the time S met me after work, he had to wait in a short line to get in, but we ended up grabbing a table to grab some appetizers. Both the buffalo chicken meatballs and the mac and cheese croquettes were divine. I loved their buff sauce and would probably come back just for that. 
Our server was really, really sweet and very good as well and filled up the water I was drinking obnoxiously fast every three minutes without me asking.I love coming here for happy hour because the beer list is varied and the prices are awesome. $3 local draughts, $4 house wine, and $5 cocktails! How can you say no? The bartenders are always really friendly and attentive. 
The food is good, but is a bit pricey for what it is. The burger is pretty badass because it is comprised of tender, juicy brisket and is well-worth it's price tag.
Look around and you feel like the chicest of lumberjacks. Really cool but very modern wood detailing and plenty of spacious seating. There is also outside seating available if you would like to enjoy your meal/drinks immersed in the urban outdoors.
Once a week they have 20% off your check. You can find out what days if you follow them on Instagram or Twitter. They also do brunch on Sat-Sun. until 4PM along with 3pm-5pm happy hour.
Bonus: Their taste in music is awesome.I highly recommend the pork shank at this place
In addition big points for having nugget nectar on tapWe've eaten here two or three times a month since we moved to the neighborhood in August. The staff is friendly, the menu interesting, and the food is always well prepared. We have taken many friends here and they have all loved it.Came here on a Sunday afternoon for brunch, and was very pleased with the decor and ambiance of the place. However, the rest of the experience did not match...
First, we ended up waiting for about 20 minutes before we had to hunt someone down to take our order (even though they were just chillin near the kitchen having a blast). One of us ordered coffee, and he also had to hunt someone down to get some coffee after 10 minutes past without a single drip. After about 25 minutes of waiting for our food, we called a server (not our server, because she seemed to have disappeared) to ask about our food. We saw him talk to the chef, and then confusingly look around the kitchen (which is never comforting), and THEN pull out ticket to the chef. The server came over and stated, "He is working on your ticket now." GREAT, thanks. After our food was served, our server disappeared again and we had to hunt down another server to get our check, since she seemed to have forgotten we were there. 
I got the huevos rancheros, which was bland and TINY. i'm a 5'3 110 lb girl and don't eat much, but finished my plate hungry. My friend ordered a corn place, which also TINY. The burger and hangover food options looked pretty hearty, at least. 
Overall, poor service, even when the place is half-filled, and small portions. Supposedly a place where people who work in the "industry" would want to eat, but i've worked in restaurants, and I would not eat here by choice again.Great spot! The food is good and the people pretty cool as well. Our civic association hosted a neighbors night there a few months back. We had a blast! We will definitly be returning again.I finally made it over to The Industry to see just what the fuss was all about.  This Pennsport pub, which garnered waves of praise among critics and foodies alike when it first opened, just didn't hit the mark for me this time around.  While the food was actually pretty good, it was the drinks and the service that left a bad taste in my mouth.
Coming in for brunch, we were promptly seated and told about the cocktail specials: $5 Ghost of Mary, and $5 mimosas.  The Ghost of Mary, which is their take on the classic Bloody Mary, wasn't exactly my forte, but I figured for the special it would be ok (going forward, I will always take my Bloody Marys with tomato juice no matter what).  My burger, however, fared much better.  The meat was perfectly cooked, seasoned well, so juicy, and surprisingly, none of the ingredients (including the fried egg!) fell off the bun.  In fact, I would even go as so far to say that this is probably one of the better if not best burgers I've enjoyed in Philly for a while.
Although our food came out fast and service was generally good, when the check came, the cocktails were shown at the regular price.  When I asked the server about the price difference, he agreed it was weird, then walked over to the service area, and came back to let me know that the discount price only operates during happy hour (between 3-6).  At no point did he acknowledge that when he offered us drink specials on arrival that it was only during a certain price window, not during brunch.  He didn't even offer to adjust the bill or apologize for the confusion (just a simple "yeah, the $5 price is only valid from 3-6, sorry).
So to sum up: good food, weird service.  Not sure I'm going to head back soon.Came here for oysters but unfortunately we were there for brunch and they don't do oysters for brunch but everything else was absolutely amazing! Will be coming back very soon! Service was great too!My wife and I tried The Industry for the first time last night and really enjoyed our quick visit. I pass by this place at least once a week on my way to band rehearsal and I'm now glad I have place to pop in for a quick bite and beer. Although we only had a few burgers, we enjoyed them very much. My wife substituted the fries for a side salad which was a cucumber salad and was very refreshing. I was intrigued by quite a few items on the menu and look forward to sampling more in the near future such as the Pulled BBQ Duck, Steak Frites, and the Kentucky Fried Guinea Hen. Decent beer selection including local brews and good bottle selection as well. I can never say no to dessert so we ordered up the doughnuts and enjoyed them very much.
We look forward to sampling brunch in the near future and popping in for dinner again soon.Came here to grab a drink and ended up having a small snack as well. We sat at the bar and ended up staying for quizo. The service was great, the kitchen made a mistake and then took care of it within just a few minutes and apologized multiple times. The small food items we got were delicious and I will definitely be back to try more. Their beer selection is great and they have quite an interesting selection of specialty drinks as well! 
To get 5 stars I need to try the full menu and their drink specials would need to include some more standard non specialty beverages (I'm a plain person). Definitely worth checking out!A fun and delicious addition to South Philly. The staff were very friendly and explained everything since it was our first time. The prices are great, good selection of drinks, appetizers and entrees. 
The outdoor seating was wonderful. I will definitely come again.Industry is one of my favorite neighborhood places. It's truly a breath of fresh air. The cheese plate is always great, the beer selection is awesome, and Anna,  our regular server, is so friendly, and does a great job making us feel comfortable! Crispy pig ear lettuce wraps, and tartar are some more of my favorites. Love that the kitchen stays open til 1am. Keep doing what you're doing Industry!This is a nice sized bar in the pennsport area of south philly. I live local, and my wife and I were super excited for this place to open. Rumor of the owners of Good Dog involvement had us super excited. We went on the 2nd nite it was open. We had the Pork appetizer, I had a burger, my wife had a fish sandwich. The wait staff were very prompt, courteous, and fun. I will say we were surprised by the renovations, and liked the décor better then when it was the witch.
The meal, unfortunately was truly underwhelming. The dumplings were ok, but for the price we expected more. The wife's sandwich was pretty good, but had no real seasoning. My burger was ordered to medium, and burned. The fries were ok, but very shoggy. The drinks were nice as they honor happier hour M-F which was a nice surprise. I had the Whiskey Sourpuss which was loaded which got made with a heavy hand, which I enjoyed. We went back to give them a 2nd shot earlier this week, both of use ordering burger. This time my burger was good to order, but not spiced at all. My wife's burger was again overcooked, and remarkably smaller then mine. Shoggy fries again. Drink with a heavy pour again.
Problem is the place was very underwhelming. Maybe we shot with too high hopes. The place is pricey for their food portions and the quality of the food. I would honestly say the burger was no better then burger king, which stinks because we were really psyched about this place and its so close. Its worth taking a trip. Just don't expect anything all that special. They have lots of table space, and we went during busy times, and go sat right away. Bathroom is downstairs and is clean. There is street parking, but its South Philly, luckily this place is on Moy's corner, so there room in front of the school across the street. Nice staff, clean environment, just disappointed by the food. We will give Brunch a chance, but if that underwhelms we likely will not return.Living in Pennsport neighborhood, there aren't a lot of places to go eat. We're lucky enough to have Federal donuts and Grindcore house in close proximity. So, The Industry is a welcome addition to our hood. I've been to this place three times. My first time, I tried the whipped tofu dip which was very good. It's considered a snack on the menu so the portion is quite small. They have a nice draft selection which I've explored each time I've dined here. I can't really comment on the cocktails since I haven't tried them.  Since then, I've tried the lamb neck gravy which was delicious. It comes with bread for dipping, and the waiter was kind enough to give me more bread when I ran out. I've also tried the scallops, and the shrimp BLT which were all very good.
Finally, I came here for brunch on New Years day. It was great. We got a seat right away, though we did come in right when it opened. I'm not sure how busy this place gets during peak brunch time on the weekends. They gave us complimentary sticky buns which was a nice touch. The coffee was great and I loved my dish, which was the duck confit hash. I substituted the toast for their cheddar biscuit to satisfy my hung-over state. It was ridiculously huge. I couldn't even finish it. My whole group enjoyed their brunch as well. I can't wait to come back and try more food. My only gripe is that some of the items are pricey for small portions. I think they are going for more of an upscale theme, which is fine. But I would stay away from certain items if you're really hungry. (i.e. scallops) Or share them with the group, tapa style,which is what we did.I've heard good things about The Industry, so I was looking forward to brunch there this morning, but I was definitely not impressed. 
My husband ordered the biscuits and gravy and wanted to add two over easy eggs. There is a side of scrambled eggs on the menu and fried eggs and poached eggs are served with other dishes on the menu, so there was no reason to think that this would be an issue. The server took the order, but  came back a few minutes later and said the chef did not have room on the grill to make over easy eggs. We were a bit surprised by this bizarre denial of our request, but we rolled with it and my husband said he would just take a side of the poached eggs instead. The server said that this was not possible either. We pointed out to her that poached eggs are already on the menu with the shrimp and grits. She simply shrugged and told us that the chef will only offer scrambled eggs as a side- no other eggs. We said that we didn't care about the price, but she interrupted us before we could even finish that statement and said that she couldn't do it.
This kind of rigid adherence to the menu might be acceptable if the food was unbelievably amazing, but that was just not the case. My veggie scramble and my friend's meat scramble were pretty good, but nothing spectacular and the berries in my bowl of fruit were all smashed. My husband's biscuits and gravy were just ok...not bad, but not as good as green eggs and our friend's shrimp and grits would be considered inedible south of the Mason Dixon. 
We had high hopes for the industry, but most definitely will not be returning.We ate here the last night of our trip to philly. It was really good! We had the cheese board and and lamb kabab. I rarely eat meat these days and this lamb was so worth it!!! Very good! We had the Chocolate mousse for dessert and it was delicious. The bar looked like a lot of fun. We were wishing we could take this place back to Savannah with us!Buck a shuck oysters for happy hour are always a winner in my book! They were delicious. There were drinks on happy hour as well.. local beer, some wines and cocktails on discount.  
I got macaroni and cheese croquettes and the kimchi sauce they were served with was amazing. It was all nice and spice and vinegar. Pureed kimchee is GENIUS and I am in love. I also got the baby head lettuces salad (funny name and I like it!). Potatoes on a salad are also genius. Potatoes should be on everything, including salad. I liked the creamy lemon dressing with the shallots, leeks, and mushrooms. I got shrimps on top too, big and grilled perfectly.
The friends got the wings and a cheeseburger. I was told the wings were good, but she wished they were buffalo wings. The burger was good, and I snagged a slew of yum fries.
I will be back! I just wish it was in Fishtown...Fantastic food and polite and attentive staff. My companion and I had the tartare which was beyond delicious. Just the right amount of lemon and capers. We also has the sweet pea and truffle dumplings which I really enjoyed. I loved the hint of ginger. Delicious. I got the wild boar ragu which was so flavorful and the meat was tender and sweet. My companion got the duck which was a special and she loved it. Tender, the right temperature and the flavors married well. We started off with a Rotation Cabernet which was so enjoyable and ended with an after dinner drink with our coffee/tea. Can't wait to go back. Highly recommend this establishment.Came here with some friends last night for some beers and a bite.  We used to come here all of the time when it was the Witch, but as the Industry, I've only eaten here once, and it was opening week... and it wasn't awesome, so i decided to give it another go.  We do, however, come by somewhat frequently for a GLORIOUS beverag,e called 'Mummers Punch'.  It's basically a hangover in a punch bowl, but its oh-so-fun to drink.  For $45, you get a punch bowl with a little umbrella ladle that contains enough boozy goodness to serve a few rounds amongst a table of 4.  Well worth it.  So much fun!
Ok fasforward to last night- came in at the end of quizzo, and got seated right away at a nice lil table in the corner.  Service thru and thru was TOP NOTCH!  They were on their A-Game, yet struck that balance of keeping the beers coming, but not rushing you, or being too attentive to the point of annoying.  5 stars there.
We started with the arancini which came out pretty quick.  The balls themselves were a bit on the small side but there were 6 of them... so that works for me!  They were totally delicious.  The sauce that you dip them into, however, I didn't particularly care for.  It looked like marinara, but it had this smoky peppery taste to it.  Nobody else seemed to mind it... but not for me.
For dinner, my boyfriend and my friend both got the burgers.  As a vegetarian, my options here were limited.  There were no sandwiches I could eat, and the entree seemed a bit more serious that I was feeling at the time.  I had ordered a salad my first time in, and recall being disappointed with the size/excitement level of it, so i went for something that was called "Veggie Tofu Dips".  I expected some sort of fried tofu, crudite and chips that you dip into a side of dip.  The waitress warned me that this would be small, but that was ok.  I wasn't THAT hungry.  What came out was a plate of potato chips and a little jam jar of dip that must have had silken tofu whirled into the dip.  Not what I was expecting.  It wasn't awesome, nor was it awful.  I certainly wouldn't recommend this to anyone, nor would I order it again for myself.  The taste wasn't that awesome that i'd encourage anyone to split it either to be honest.  It sure was a led balloon.  After eating a bunch of chips and french onion dip (should have run to wawa instead?) i felt like a grease trap.  We finished our beers, went home, and I went to bed.  I woke up around 3:30a still feeling a bit icky.  It's my fault for eating the whole thing.
Those who ate the burgers seemed to make out tremendously better.  I'd give this place 3.5 stars if i could, but with the choice of 3 or 4... and judging from my personal experience, i think 3 are warranted.  it was an A-ok experience, but nothing that I'll be running back for.My friends and I went here last night for Dining out for Life, but my 5-star experience started 3 days prior to my dinner here.
The manager called and left me a voicemail telling me that there was bar trivia from 6:30-8:30 but that it would most likely be winding down by my reservation time and that we would be able to enjoy our dinner.  I thought that was great!
Our dinner was excellent.  Food was fantastic (fried green tomatoes + arugula = genius!) and our waitress was attentive without being in our face.  Beer selection is great and I really like the modern rustic feel the place has.  Only dark moment was when we chose the smores for dessert-the marshmallow topping was burned, just like at a real campfire, but it tasted like we ate a spoonful of ash.  The waitress was super cool about it and brought us something else to replace it.
All in all a great place.Great place for fantastic food. They have a ton of great choices to choose from and the food I got was super good. I just got a burger, but man what a great burger it was. It was cooked to perfection and was exactly what I wanted. Friendly and fun place.Well they don't have many vegetarian items that seem worth the money, but all of their meat foods look really great. All of my friends recommend the Industry burger.
I really love this place for a casual-but-fun drink. The atmosphere is awesome and the staff is really helpful.  The drink menu is interesting and the staff provides great recommendations.  Great for bringing friends and dates; something about Industry always enables awesome conversations.It's probably a good thing that Yelp exists because the amount of food conversations that I have in real life is pretty ridiculous and usually needs to be policed.  One great example is when I have an in-depth conversation with a coworker about the best burger in Philadelphia.  An outsider may have thought our heated conversation was about religion or politics.  Nope, just about pieces of meat on bread.  So my coworker says that The Industry has the best burger in Philly.
Oh really?  This will need to verified by Jill L, immediately.
My husband and I headed over for a quick dinner on a Saturday night.  First thing I noticed was how open the space was.  Some of these South Philly joints feel like the walls are closing in on you.  Not here.  We were quickly seated and were given the challenge of choosing a beer off their (very good) list.  Prices seemed to be in line with nearby establishments.
So we reviewed the menu, despite already knowing what we were getting.  The menu here is... eclectic.  If you are not an adventurous eater, you may not be happy here.  BUT you can always get the burger which is pretty cheap ($8 for a single patty) and can be customized with additional patties and toppings.  The basic burger comes with lettuce, tomato, Cabot cheddar, and pickle mayo.
I thought the burger was pretty amazing.  The best in Philly?  I don't know.  But definitely one of the best you can get for $8.  
So why 3 stars?  I feel like the location isn't the best.  If you have a car, you are fine because there is plenty of parking.  But I feel like it's a bit too removed from many parts of the city- including East Passyunk where I live.  The other reason is that there are too many what I call "strange meats" on the menu.  I'm a wimp when it comes to meat and alot of the menu wasn't appealing to me.
I'd definitely be interested in putting on my big girl pants and trying some of the menu items that look scary to me, because I'm sure I'd find them delicious.  Also, it seems like a great place to get a group together for some drinks.  The Industry, I will be back and will be looking to add some more stars to my review!Went for a Saturday afternoon Burger and Drink. No complaints about the bear. The burger was maybe one of the worst things I have ever had. I got the Double Burger. It came out Grey, and inedible. Made me sick even looking at it. Looked old, and sickly. I love burgers and have had a few here that were good. Overall the last few times I have been here the food has truly gone downhill. Used to be one of my favorites. What happened? Chef/Ownership Change?This place is new so I will be back to give it a second chance. However, I did want to put my experience out there. The first thing I noticed was how incredibly loud it was.  I got used to it but it is definitely not a good place to go if you want to have a nice talk with someone. 
The food itself was pretty terrible. I had the market BLT fish sandwich while my friend had the porchetta.  Mine consisted of poorly battered fish, sad lettuce and ONE piece of bacon on a buttered roll.  There was no aioli, or any sauce of any kind.  It did not taste like anything.  Absolutely nothing. My friend didn't fare much better.  We did tell the waitress and she kindly brought us pickled mayonnaise. Unfortunately, it tasted neither of mayonnaise or of pickles. The server did take one sandwich off of the bill which was nice. She did, however, bring our bill with the coaster that said "If you can't afford to tip, you can't afford to drink in a bar. Go to the liquor store." They need to get rid of these, they are not cute.  
The menu doesn't work with the neighborhood in my eyes. It was too pretentious and the prices too high. This neighborhood has struggled with attracting and keeping restaurants.  This place needs some tasty, accessible food. Unless "The Industry" makes some serious changes it won't be sustainable.Solid neighborhood joint. On Mondays they have "burgers and bubbles" special. Thursday's are Quizzo night. They have outdoor seating and large TVs inside for watching games. The food is solid gastropub style, always served with a heaping pile of fries.This place has hit its stride. It's still not my favorite spot for food, but I've had some good meals here, and it's a nice option to have in the neighborhood. The drinks are always great--I'd especially recommend the Ghost of Mary at brunch or anytime!Over-priced. If the food tasted and looked better the prices would be reasonable. However, the food is where this bar utterly fails. 
The menu. I can only speak for myself, but I just came here for the third and final time, and finally stumbled upon the secret to not leaving this bar frustrated: don't order any food. The previous time I looked the menu up and down, could not find a single item I found appetizing (except fried green tomatoes with arugula and balsamic, a dish that should never cost $10), and settled on a rather anemic portion of fries for $4. The dishes I have ordered or tried with friends: whipped tofu, too small; the soup by all accounts was flavorless; fried green tomatoes, not enough salt and too small for $10; veggie fritters, looked boring and unappetizing; the burger, on the small side, it's ok but does not compete in the Philly burger scene; the Seafood BLT, disappointing (the fish was fluke that one day); pulled BBQ duck, bread to goodies ratio way too high; sweet corn arepas, not very sweet, tasted like sauteed mushrooms over bland corn bread mix, and a total ripoff at $15. Basically everything about the food elicits one of two reactions in me: "ripoff", or "I let my dogs eat pig ears, so no thank you". Vegetarians: do not patronize this bar, unless you like punishing yourself. 
The drinks by all accounts are good but pricey, the beer selection is decent but does not stand out against countless other bars with way better food. During happy hour ($1 off a $6 drink, thank you so much), or if you qualify for the "industry discount", the prices are more reasonable, like an average Philly bar. 
The music is too loud, causing the classic din of screaming conversations and louder music in constant competition. 
The waitstaff are good at their jobs. 
The interior decor is very snazzy. 
Besides the food, the other thing that really drives the point home for me are the "cute" bar rules/commandments. These are not funny and come across as highfalutin and better-than-thou. These guys even had a brief social media campaign where they made the same kind of "bar rules" out of quotes from negative Yelp reviews. Condescend much? First they rip you off, snickering at your back as you walk out the door, and when you get home you see that they mocked you on the internet as well. Well, I certainly won't be back. 
I wanted this place to be great, having just moved to the area and being a big fan of the Good Dog, but it's just not. Instead it's just arrogant and alienating to its own customers. And I won't be going back.Enjoyed a great time with my girl friends.  Good food and service.Walked in with a friend on a cold philly night 
Place was almost full and noisy.... Greeted by the host and promptly seated 
1. Deco - 4/5 low lighting and nice alternative/rock music with a boisterous crowd guzzling drinks around you
2. Price - 4/5 quite reasonable (6-7 for an imported beer, 3 for local during happy hour).... 
3. Food and drink - 2.5/5 food is acceptable... Wasn't particularly impressed with the beef burger but liked the lamb skewers. The fish blt was a tad too oily per my friend. Fries were good but nothing memorable. 
4. Service - 3.5/5 promptly seated. Orders taken promptly (appreciated when it's quite busy) and wait staff accommodated request to taste the beers prior to ordering them. Didn't like the fact that coats need to kept by the side instead of being offered to be taken away. No additional area to keep your coat either. 
5. Overall - 3.5/5 would not mind hanging out again but won't be on the top of my list.Pretty sure I was the first to review this, but I guess the first time Yelper who gave it 5 stars (and gave it the wrong address) must either work there or be friends with the owner. Anyway.
Not sure why Yelp is not removing the 5 star reviews (that I've been flagging) from "yelpers" that have 1 review on Yelp. Its CLEARLY obvious they have ulterior motives and arent here to give you an accurate review.
If you give this place 5 stars, then stop writing reviews - cause you have the palate of a dung beetle.
Ok, first things first. Didn't really care for the pompous "bar rules" sayings I kept seeing on the bar and in the menu. "if you cant afford a tip, don't come to the bar - go to the liquor store". Really? Heres MY tip. If you depend on tips to pay your rent, then you should have reconsidered your career choice. Moving on.
The food. Lets start with the tartare. I think it was just raw hamburger meat (and you STILL couldn't get it right) with an egg on it. The potato chips to eat it with were a horrible idea also. If you need tips on what a good tartare should taste and look like, go to Stateside.
The wings; 9 wings for 12 bucks? For 12 bucks, give me a dozen wings - end of story. They didnt taste bad but weren't very memorable either.
The burger; 1/4 pound wafer sized patties? I could have gotten past that if the burger didnt just taste like a pile of grease and salt. I also opted to pay the 3 dollars for bacon, which somehow didnt find its way to my burger. My friend DID get his though and it was literally one piece of bacon cut in half.
The  beer; Selection was so-so. Second street Brew House blows it away though.
Service; Wasnt really "with a smile" and was spotty but given the experience with the food, it was about on par.
Theres honestly nothing here that would make me want to go back. I wanted to love it because I can walk there but there are many other places I'd go to before I ever went back here.
Side note; I keep hearing "the burger is good - try it!"
Listen people, if you're ANY kind of actual burger aficionado and have had burgers from Greys, Whiskey Village, Rouge and Royal Tavern, then this will be one of the worst burgers you've ever had in the city - TRUST ME!
And by the way, Brian, you forgot a category for the Industry buddy. How bout "I only have 50 reviews of places I have eaten but I think I know more than you, I call you poor but 50% of the posters on Yelp have eaten at better places than me and I'm insulting people for posting - the SAME exact negative things that I just posted about."
Thats pretty smart buddy. You really outfoxed the masses there chief.Wow. 5 star dining at 3 star prices. I had the Industry Burger...short rib/brisket blend with red onion, and cabot cheddar on a potato roll. One of the best burgers I've ever had. The ambience here was perfect...warm and friendly atmosphere. The service was impeccable. To top it off, they have a great beer menu, including my all time favorite the Paulaner Heff Weisse. Will definitely be coming back!My favorite items on the menu to date include: fried green tomatoes, homemade beans with pulled pork and their burger! Happy hour is great here and brunch on the weekends isn't bad at all. The beer selection is big and doesn't dissapoint. Never a wait and service is fast!Other reviews here seem to be lumped into a few categories.  
First, the "oh it's not the Witch so I don't like it group".  If the Witch was so great why did it go out of business?  
Next, the "oh the burger here isn't very good" group.  Ordering a burger here is like getting a Bud from Monk's and complaining that it wasn't served at the proper temperature the commercials tell you it should be served.  Go outside your comfort zone a little bit and try something new.  If you want a burger go to one of the crap corner bars on Two Street.  That's not what this place is for.  Please do NOT add a chicken or roast beef sandwich to the menu.  Stay different.
Last, the "oh this place is 'obnoxious' with their prices" group.  You are at the very least poor and should not be dining out.  Since you utilize Yelp I assume you have an internet connection, whereon The Industry has a website with all prices listed You must be oblivious as well.  Again, if you want 25 cent wings go to Dee's Place or one of the dive bars a block over.  This is not the place for you.
Now to the review.  Drinks.  Started with the Pennsport Fizz and was underwhelmed.  Didn't seem particularly strong as others suggested, lacked much flavor or anything at all.  Nothing I'd order again.  Had the Brotherly Suds collaboration beer next.  Was quite good, which I'd expect for a beer that was apparently worked on by every brewer in the Greater Philadelphia region.  Overall the drink selection is very good, and a reason to come back.
Now to the food.  Overall it was a disappointment.  As previously stated I love that they had the balls to put new things on the menu despite the obvious distaste for adventure by many of the neighborhood denizens.  BTW I live three blocks away, so I'm not some Center City slicker rolling up thinking I'm all high and mighty here.  
We started with the pork nuggets and crispy pig ear lettuce wraps (imagine such a thing!).  Great ideas, but poorly executed.  Now I love Frank's Red Hot.  I put that shit on everything, as they say.  But the pig ears, as well as the guinea hen I had later were way too heavy on the stuff.  Masked every other flavor.  When I had a piece of either that somehow eluded the spice they were very good.  Pump the breaks on the Frank's, you guys.
We had the guinea hen, like stated, as an entree as well as the veggie fritters.  Guinea hen was a sizable portion of meat virtually indistinguishable from chicken except for it's shape and size.  What skin I could taste other than Frank's was crispy and very good.  Too bad I couldn't taste much of it under a sea of orange sauce.  Meat was a bit dry but not off-putting.  Accompanying Mexican street corn was interesting and something I'd eat again though.  Fritters were dry but the arugula pesto and leftover Frank's in moderation helped.  Nothing we'd order again.
Interior was nice, service was good so no complaints there.  Just gets two stars removed because of the over-abundance of Frank's on the pig ears and guinea hen and because nothing really stood out here, although I will return to try more options here since this seems to be the best neighborhood option at the moment above For Pete's Sake and Ugly American.  At least it's different.  Different is good.  Embrace it.Went to the Industry yesterday for my first time.  Was OK.  Wanted to try it since I heard it was pretty good, and my friends are regulars there since they live close by.  We sat outside for a round of beers.  It was Philly beer week, so they were doing a tap takeover of Colorado beers.  Pretty decent.  Our server had slim to none personality but she was attentive and we didn't wait long for service, so that was good.  We closed out and sat inside the bar to be in the A/C, and closer to the bartenders since our friends knew him well.  The 2nd round of drinks by the same waitress, even though we moved inside.  The place was empty, so not surprised she was like the only server.  She let us sample a few beers which was nice.  Although none of the beers were that great, they were OK.  
Food, we had pulled pork bbq sandwhich, that was really good.  Comes with thin cut shoestring fries.  We also had the mac-n-cheese balls, which were bland and not very cheezy.  Was expecting more cheese.   Lastly, had a chocolate n peanut butter cake dessert, which a different server said was amazing.... I disagree.  My friends and I both thought the cake was dry and flavor-less, and there wasn't much to it.  Overall, the place is OK, but food was not as good as many other gastropubs in the area.This is a much needed and great addition to the area. I have been here twice now since it opened. Once late night for drinks only, and once early for dinner.  The night I was there for drinks, it was quite loud, but not unbearable. The service (even for the 2nd night) was fast and friendly and the beer selection was great. The cocktails seem fun too, but that's not my bag.  I enjoyed being able to the a beer on engine, a nice draft craft and if I wanted a can of PBR. 
When I returned for dinner later in the weekend, the joint was busy, but not late night crazy and the sound was much more managable. The service was fast, friendly and enjoyable. My companion and I ordered the pork nuggets, which we loved. I had the pulled BBQ duck and he the burger. Both were great, I really enjoyed my sandwich. 
I moonlight as a bartendar and while I won't need to use the Industry late happy hours or staff meals, I think it's a great idea and fun. I can't wait to come back to try brunch and more food over time.
Side comment: For those of you who can't take the industry jokes on the cards and whatnot, grow up. Or, go to the liquor store.What happened? My favorite local bar/restaurant had a really Bad Night!
 And my companion was a chef from LA. We couldn't have been more disappointed - especially since I gave it such high marks prior to our lousy experience. 
Drinks were blah, watered down & tasteless; fried deviled eggs were slimy with way too much truffle oil: fish and chips had two teeny tiny pieces of fish cooked just right alongside a huge pile of undercooked fries. Watermelon salad was overdressed with barely any feta and the watermelon was maybe a day too old... I could go on....nothing was good or prepared well.A friend and I went to Industry tonight for their Burgers and Bubbles special. We also came during happy hour and took advantage of those specials as well. To start, the ambiance was great. A nice rustic bar feel. Not a huge restaurant but a good comfortable size that I'm sure fills up on the weekends. 
Now onto the food. We started with the Mac and Cheese Croquettes that are $1 during happy hour. They are basically just friends balls of Mac and cheese. They don't sound super exciting but they were absolutely delicious. Perfectly fried and the sauce that came with them was delicious. We also split the Kimchee tot appetizer. They were also great with a nice crunchy outside and a creamy delicious center. For our entrees we both got the Monday Mystery Burger -- it had caramelized onions, fried pickles, dijonnaise and Swiss. The burger was smaller than you usually expect from a restaurant (they always seem so monstrous!) but it was the perfect size and to die for. Best part of all ALL of this food only cost $36 (including two sparkling wines). 
All in all I thought this place was great. I will definitely be back (especially for their Monday burger deals!)I have never felt the need to review anything on Yelp before eating at the Industry. However, this place was so horrible, I want to warn everyone to save your money. 
After our favorite local restaurant, The Witch closed, my husband and I were super happy that another place was opening in its place! 
...Fail. 
I don't mind paying good money for good food. However, I paid over $20 for three scallops? with cream of wheat? and that was the large plate.
I left the eatery feeling ripped off and sent my husband off to go get some real food. 
My husband  liked the food more than I did. He had the mussels & sausage and thought that the portions were also small.  I did not bother drinking, but my husband had a few martini's which he said were good. They probably have to be good to take your attention off the ridiculously small plates. 
Save your money.Went to The Industry for Sunday brunch. We had the pancakes with caramelized bananas, side of bacon, Meat Scramble with a cheddar biscuit (HUGE and Delicious!), fresh orange juice, and black tea. The pancakes were fluffy and delicious, there was a slight lacking of caramelized banana to pancake ratio, but overall the dish was good. 
My dining partner had the fresh orange juice and said it tasted good. Their Meat Scramble had nicely cooked eggs, sausage that wasn't greasy and had a nice taste, and the biscuit was to die for. My bacon was a bit overly smokey for me, but nice and crisp.They provided us with comp sticky buns that were chock full of nuts, and oh so sweetly delicious. The portions were decent to large. 
The decoration and atmosphere are nice and inviting. We would definitely eat here again. I can't comment on the beer selection or spirits because we didn't have any or look at the selection.Great beer selection. Interesting food offerings for this neighborhood. Cool space.
Was here for Philly Beer Week and had some nice beer choices. Friends had mix drinks they said were delicious. 
Came back and had more beer and the Bahn Mi sandwich which was good - nice and spicy, fresh. The shoestring fries were good also. Friend liked the Falafel sandwich.
Pro: Beer choices, Decor, interesting food choices. 
Con: The weeknight we went they have a burger and wine special that was unclear on the menu. The waiter didn't do a good job of explaining it. One of us opted for the wine special and it wasn't good. I guess they're trying to be ironic by offering Lambrusco or Brut Rose in old fashioned small wine glasses at $5.50 a pop. She just ordered her next glass from the regular wine menu after that.Well if it wasn't for my quest to hit all the top 50 bars from 2012 in 2013 I probably would of never ended up here but I am so glad I did this place is fabulous,  I wish it was closer to me I might make it here more frequently.  Food was good, nice drink selection.  Atmosphere was great.Love the atmosphere and menu in this place. Most of the staff and bartenders are really cool. My favorite thing to do is order a bunch of stuff to share, check out their specials, and taste a bunch of the cool brews and concoctions behind the bar. Really good stuff.The food here is great and service was attentive. We went for brunch and coffee is excellent. 
However, it was so loud that I left with a headache. We asked if the volume could be turned down which they did, for about 10 mins. Then it went back up and we were back to shouting at each other. Not what I want to do on a Sunday morning.It's really nice to have a place like the industry in the neighborhood.  The staff is friendly, the food's great (if a little pricey), and the atmosphere is comfortable.  We've been for brunch, dinner and drinks and haven't been disappointed.Went on a Monday night.  Not very crowded as one would expect.  But they were open.
I agree the decor is warm and welcoming.  The service was very comfortable and friendly.  Loved the Steak Tartar, it is heavy w/ lemon and capers, which is always good in my book.  
But....I have to say the mains were a bit lackluster.  The wife had Steak Frite.  Good solid frite's if a bit short (avg. was 2 inches in length, kind of odd) but the flat iron (or was it skirt) steak although done perfectly was a bit iron/liver tasting in flavor and texture.  I had the spare ribs, and mashed turnips (I think that's what the mash was), but then they put the string beans into the mashed stuff around the meat.  I haven't mashed up my plate of food since I was 9 yrs. old and used to mush my turkey, corn and mashed potatoes together and swirl them around on my plate.  That is kind of what it felt like to eat this dish.  And the meat although tender was rather skimpy in the portion and just OK in the flavor department.
A solid three stars.  Two for food, four for ambiance and service.The service was great. The food was absolutely perfect. The bartender was the best. He heard me mention that it was our anniversary and made sure a dessert was brought over to us. We will definitely be back.  We will make sure to tell our friends.A nice urban spot to have a quick bite/drink, I will definately return if I'm in the area again. Great atmosphere inside, although we opted for the outside area that was also good.First time here let me say the service that we received was top notch! We sat outside and it was kind of a chilly night. The waitress greeted us quickly, made us aware of the specials both food and drink. We were just a little outside of happy hour but she said she would still make sure if we wanted something from the happy hour menu we could. Pretty cool i think she took out drink order I got the mummers punch I highly recommend that I should have gotten the bowl of it which would give you 5 drinks. I ordered them single dummy me. The manager came out to bring a food order to the table behind us, as he walked back to go into the restaurant he asked if we wanted the heaters above us on. Yes as the two lovely ladies I was with didn't bring jackets.We ordered an app off the happy hour menu General Tao's chicken wings, wow very good promising we thought. Then the burgers came wow did these come out of the same kitchen, Not at all what I would call a burger sorry Industry you went from a 4 to 5 star to a 3. Might have been a one if not for the drink, apps, service. We did order desert we ordered the pumpkin donuts. All though they were good and hot not much of a pumpkin taste, the crème anglaise was banging, as was that damn cheese sauce they give for the fries. They should serve that as a drink I would drink it seriously it was that good. So to recap, Service = 5 no question. Drinks = 5, App = 5, Burger -5 that's right negative, cheese for fries = ++100, donuts = 2, crème anglaise = ++100. Would I go back again yes on the service alone I would but next time we will try another entree.Actually made a night of dinner and drinks with my fiance on Sunday.
Service was great the entire time. 
We ordered the following to eat:
-buffalo sweetbreads
-fish special (wahoo)
-fries
All excellent! 
After a couple beers, wine, and 3 mixed drinks our bill came to about $76 plus tip. Definitely looking forward to my 4th trip and many more to come.Tasty tasty burger and peppery fries and deep amber beer. Enough said.Pretty decent food, wait staff is extremely funny and helpful. Definitely worth checking out.I have never in my life had a few beers and then got a craving for bone-marrow.  Put some nachos on the menu or something...trust me, no one will complain.   
I really want to like this place.  I live about a block and a half away and the area is in serious need of a good bar/restaurant.  
First off, the place has a minimalistic decor but its nice.  Restored wood lines the ceiling and most of the walls.  The bar is simple with a chalkboard drink list.  It is small but seems to have a decent amount of seating.  The kitchen is in the back but open so you can check out their handywork.  The open layout allows you to see the two tv's from anywhere in the restaurant although I think the layout also makes the place a little loud. 
As for the beer list, it is OK.  They had about 10-12 beers on tap, a few beers were interesting and the rest were local staples, no macros except for the obligatory $3 pbr pounders and high lifes.  Seems to be a lot of love going to Philly Brewing Company as they had the most beers on the draft list.  The nonhappy hour prices are OK, in the $4-$6 range for a beer.  I'd be way more jazzed about the place if they did half off happy hours but as far as I know they only do $1 off all beers.  
As for the cocktails, I didn't try any but they have a list of some of their own specialties.  Once again, I'd be more interested in these drinks if they would settle down in price to more of the $8 range rather than the $10-$12 range.  The group sitting next to me ordered a punch bowl called Mummer's Punch.  It's 4quarts of punch to share and looked fun.  It is supposed to serve 4-6 people and costs $45.  
Menu wise I'm not sure what is going on here.  I think the chef designing the menu was over-ambitious, unaware of what the clientele in the area is looking for, and would prefer to be cooking at a gourmet restaurant rather than at a South Philly bar.  Basically, the only thing on the menu that you would recognize as pub food is the burger and wings.  The other options include things like bone marrow, pulled duck bbq, and tartare.  Don't get me wrong, I like all sorts of food, and I would be interested in trying some of the things on the menu but the menu should be more balanced.  For example, if you want to offer bone marrow then fine, but offer pulled pork bbq instead of pulled duck...sometimes I don't want to order food and hope that its good.  I want to order something that I know I like and then hope that the restaurant makes it really well so I end up loving it.  Price wise, the menu is a little too expensive as well. They have 'small plates' and large plates' I'm not sure how big the small plates are but they are in the $10 range and the large places move up to the $18-$22 range.  So basically, if my wife and I go here, have a beer or cocktail each, then each have an entree we are looking at spending $60 plus dollars.  That's a lot of money for a bar in Pennsport.  I'll go to The Village Belle for a dinner in that price range any day.  At least you are getting some non-bar ambiance there. 
I did see someone with the steak frites which looked really good but at $18 most of the entrees are too expensive to make this a place to go and get a beer and dinner when I don't want to cook.  
The service was good even though the place was crowded.  And when you consider that I was there when they had only been open for 2 or 3 days, it was running very smoothly.  
As far as the places association or their claim to cater to people working the the restaurant/bar "Industry" I didn't see it.  I don't know if they offer a discount to industry folks, but it didn't appear to be advertised on the menu or anything.  The only thing that seemed to give a nod to the industry were little bits of advice given on menu's and coasters and things such as "Tip: Never start your order with, "this is going to be a pain but...".  There is also an offer on the drink menu to buy a round of shots or a six pack for the kitchen.  I guess this caters to "the industry" but mostly just to people who work at "the industry" and not the restaurant biz in general.  Overall, I don't really care about "the industry" theme.  I'm not in the business so it doesn't have any impact on me, I just thought they might have a little more playing off the theme.  It mostly feels gimmicky 
With all of this said, I want to note that this is my initial review.  The place is young and I live so close I'm sure I'll be back.  I want the place to find an identity that is more appropriate for the neighborhood and clientele.  I'm not saying serve coors light and fill the place with Mummers.  I just mean, recognize that The Industry is not in Center City or Rittenhouse.  If you are catering to people in the "Industry" realize that you have to understand that you are a bar and have to offer a good happy hour or nightly specials along with understandable food at a reasonable price not gourmet-based food.  I'll be back, but I'm hoping for change.There wasn't anything really remarkable about this place to me. It's just sort of your average neighborhood bar. I would have only given it two stars except for two things:
1. The punch bowls that are good for groups (and the drinks in them are yummy.)
2. The ladies room was actually pretty clean for the entire time I was there, which is no small feat. 
So overall, not a bad place to go but not somewhere I'd seek out either.Try the biscuits and gravy and the stomachectomy to cure your hangover! Their entire brunch menu is delicious.We went for their Sunday afternoon brunch. They had a wide variety of meals to choose from on their menu. I chose the huevos rancheros. It was an American twist on the traditional Mexican breakfast. To. Die. For. It had a good amount of spiciness. My husband chose the chicken biscuit sandwich. Just beware that their are bones in it. We didn't expect that on a sandwich. It was delicious as well!! We will definitely be back for their brunch. I think, their brunch menu is way better than their menu the rest of the week!Good drink great service - BUT. Ordered the grilled shrimp kabob special and it was very tasty. But just 3 small shrimp for $19?  Seemed awfully stingy.  Will make me hesitate to go back.First, keep in mind that the 2 stars are an overall score. The food deserved 1 star. 
This is yet another place where there's a HUGE disconnect between the glowing yelp reviews and the reality.
The place was nice, ambience great. Beer selection was great. Bathroom was spotless. Service was decent.
The food came out SUPER QUICK, but maybe that was the problem.
The food was terrible. I got something called the Stomachectomy. It was described as pancakes, scrapple, sausage, and an egg, etc. When it came, it was three large pancakes with an egg on top and scrapple and sausage in between the pancakes. The pancakes were the most disgusting thing I ever ate. They were doughy and rubbery. They tasted like they had been pre-made. They didn't taste at all like pancakes. My girlfriend tried some and spit it into her napkin, refusing to swallow it. She said they were "worse than microwave pancakes". The sausage was probably the only edible thing on the plate. The "house-made" scrapple was weak. That was probably one of the most disappointing meals I ever ate, especially when you consider all of the yelp hype. 
My girlfriend got the Thai Chicken Salad, which she described as "edible." She also said she's had better salads at Friendly's (yes, the Ice Cream chain she takes her kids to). She put the salad up to the window to see it in the light, and we both agreed that it didn't look fresh. She said the dish lacked seasoning and was generally lame and unsatisfying. 
We both agreed, we would come back for drinks, but never for the food. 
Who is writing these yelp reviews? This is another case where I have to wonder if family and employees are writing them or the owners are paying a service to pump up their yelp reviews. Don't take my word for it, try it for yourself. Big letdown.The food was just ok.  I was expecting more with a crowd waiting to get in for brunch at 11am.  I got the sausage gravy and cheddar biscuits.  It came out room temperature, gravy was kind of bland but the biscuits were banging.   I wouldn't come back to this place again unless I start to see the reviews get better.Been here a few times
Loud but great atmosphere
Today stopped for brunch
A mimosa and breakfast sandwich
Not your typical breakfast sandwich
Delish 
Priced right
I will be back"If you dont have enough money to tip, you dont have enough money to drink at a bar. Go to the liquor store." So says a handout from The Industry Bar. Funny thing- I might never have enough money to drink there...
After a loooooooong time waiting for this new place to open, I was absolutely ecstatic to try it out when I heard about the opening on Wednesday. My first meal was brunch on Sunday. It didnt go so well. 
My wife got the espresso martini. Delicious drink, but seriously, $10? It seemed slightly smaller than a typical martini to me, and though delicious, wow thats an expensive drink. 
This was the theme, it seemed. I ordered "The Stomectomy." This would seem to be a signature item of glutinous wonder, ala the famous Kitchen Sink at Green Eggs. Three pancakes, with bacon, sausage and housemade scrapple, all topped by a single fried egg. 
One problem- it didnt have scrapple. I realized this about halfway thru my meal, and by the time I received said meatstuff, I was 90% finished. Furthermore, the pancakes were literally undercooked and almost runny. The egg? Well, it was overcooked and stiff- what should have been yolky goodness dumped all over the massive concotion instead was a hardened yellow thing, with a brown, rubbery bottom. I hate over cooked eggs. 
It should be said that my party loved their pancakes, and I can say wihout a doubt that they were delicious. 
The space is beautiful. Modern but not loud, in terms of both volume and design. 
The staff was overworked and not able to keep up with the demands of their tables, but I get the feeling that they were busier than expected. They get a pass for that. 
Four people at brunch, only one alcoholic drink cost over $70. That's too much, I think. 
My instinct is to give Industry 2 stars. However, it was one of their first brunches, and I feel like they deserve another chance. I need to try the burger. I want to see a dinner service. Still, I feel like the menu and pricing as it stands will not succeed in the blue collar Pennsport neighborhood. It seems like a serious, serious miscalculation.I just moved to the Pennsport area and was excited to see this bar around the corner from my house. A friend and I went for drinks and appetizers on a Sunday night around 9pm. The place had a good crowd, out door seating and a good vibe. We had the macaroni and cheese bites, the buffalo chicken bites, and the tater tots. The macaroni and cheese croquettes were the best then the tater tots. Would be reordering them. The buffalo chicken bites we both agreed were not good as they had too much buffalo sauce in them and were mushy. Overall it was a cool place that I am excited is in my neighborhood.Glad to have it in the neighborhood to get a drink. Burgers are great, corn on the ob great, everything else has been so-so to inedible. Servers are fun, though and beer list is good. Atmosphere is good.Awesome burger place. Tons of great food with wonderful service. The staff is super friendly and the place is nice and clean. I had a great time and a wonderful meal that wasn't too expensive.Nice beer selection and great food. The pig ear lettuce wraps are (unfortunately) no longer offered. They were incredible. The hillbilly Philly is a perfect hangover brunch. If you're a bloody mary fan, check out their ghost of Mary.Real solid place.  Food is good, great draft selection.  I'd give it 5 stars but I think certain things on the menu are a bit over priced.  Its great to have a place like this in the neighborhood and not have to walk all the way to Passyunk.Met my gal pal C at the Industry for happy hour. We both ordered "the Mildred" cocktail which was delicious and extremely easy going down. For food we sampled bone marrow, pork nuggets, crispy pigs ears and fried green tomatoes. The food was good.  Drinks very good.  Since the Industry is so close I'm sure I will be back.I've only been here once so far but feel the need to write a good review. I'm quite surprised by the negative ones so far. (And no, I do not know the owners in any way. I wish I did so I could get this 20% industry discount I keep reading about.)
First, I will admit a bias: I want any good restaurant in my neighborhood to do well because I enjoy having good places such as these close by. So while normally I would go a few times before writing a review, I'm jumping the gun a bit now to give them my props.
We went for dinner, and I thought the prices were extremely reasonable and much cheaper than you'd pay in center city, so I'm surprised by the complaints there. Maybe it's more of a large plate issue; we only ordered small plates etc. For example, we had pork nuggets for $6 and a burger for $8, and I thought we got a decent amount of food for what we paid. Yes, the burger was thin, but some of us (like me) prefer our burgers that way, and you can double it for a little bit more money. It was definitely a solid burger. All the dishes we had were good; the fries are especially delicious. My husband is a bit of a beer snob but enjoyed what they had on draft, and those prices were also reasonable.
The service was attentive and I like that they leave water at your table. It was a bit loud in there, but the restaurant has a nice ambiance and we will definitely be back.We have been to The Industry a few times for happy hour, dinner and quizzo, but today we tried their brunch menu for the first time and it is definitely my favorite. Portion sizes are moderate and easy to finish. The meats (sausage, scrapple, etc.) are made fresh weekly and made a huge difference. The drink menu was awesome too! I always loved the staff, atmosphere and vibe at The Industry but their brunch menu made them finally stand out!Came back and pounded a Secret Girl raspberry cocktail in 10 minutes so that we could make a movie on time.  The bartender told me he liked my style.  Yep, this place is still good in my book.I already had an excellent experience for post-Caffe Valentino drinks on Sunday (Get the Ghost of Mary!) and decided to come back for Burgers & Bubbles with a girlfriend last night.
A solid choice.
$1.50 Highlifes and awesome food. The place was also still poppin at 1 AM which is rare for a weeknight. My bill only came to about $39 with a burger and atleast 10 drinks (beer & cocktails). Awesome service once again. Thinking of becoming a regular even if it is kind of a hipster spot.Great atmosphere and really good drinks...the food was ok nothing to write home about.  With so many bars in this city with great food I most likely wouldn't come back here to eat.  Service was good and efficientI have had nearly everything on this menu. For casual dining, this place is very good. I love the steak tartare and the Thai chicken salad. Their kitchen is open until 1AM, which makes them a great late night option. Service is quick and friendly also!I was in Philly for the day and got hungry so naturally I looked for whatever was closest and sounded good. This brought me to this place and I was very excited to that I came as soon as I walked into the place. The food was amazing and the staff was really good. They have a pretty good selection of both food and spirits, but since I had to drive later decided against the latter. Great place though.Random find for a Saturday mid afternoon brunch / lunch before heading to the movies on Columbus drive.. Convenient location! Tons of parking.. $5 dollar mimosas when we went.. Really interesting cocktails on the menu and most of all great food!!! We tried 3 different brunch items and they were all good.. The donuts were great too! Fried tomato eggs Benedict was my fav.. Defi recommend if find your self in south philly area..Awesome resturant week deal!  GREAT food..compliments to the chef! very unique and wonderful flavors... big array of beer and drinks..awesome/friendly service from the bartender..cool atmosphere/nice vibe.. will def return!We had the general wings and the burger (with a fried egg). All the food was good and the service was fantastic. Great people! Brought us a dessert "from Philly with love." Great atmosphere.Type. . . . . . . . . . ..Gastropub, Open Air Bar 
Level. . . . . . . . . . .Medium 
Location. . . . . . . .Good, Corner Views 
Prices. . . . . . . . . ..Medium 
Tap Selection. . ..Good, 10 specialties 
Bottle Selection. .Unknown 
Samplers. . . . . . ..Free Splashes 
Full Pours. . . . . . .Yes 
Beer Level. . . . . ..Medium 
Food. . . . . . . . . . ..Yes 
Food Level. . . . ...Unknown, Good looking menu 
Staff. . . . . . . . . . ...Nice 
Growlers. . . . . . ...No 
Noise Level. . . . .Medium 
Décor. . . . . . . . . ..Modern Wood, Trendy 
Good for Kids. . ..Possibly 
Parking. . . . . . . ...Street, Strictly Enforced 
WiFi. . . . . . . . . . ...Unknown 
Cash Only. . . . . ..No 
Recommended. .Possibly 
Comments: These guys had an Allagash tap takeover when we visited. Came during the day- chill vibe, good group of patrons, fun ambiance. Food menu looked updated, gastropub fare, maybe a tad pricey. Open air ambiance was a plus. No sampler flights really, but could get free splashes of tap beers. Not sure if this place has a good tap list normally, but 10 or so specialties this time around was impressive.I love the dim lights and rustic feel of this restaurant. The second row of bar seats is really cute. Our server was really attentive and was able to answer questions about the beer. (A HUGE plus for me)  
I was pretty disappointed with the food. I had The Industry burger. It was described as "1/4lb ground Pat LaFrieda brisket" which must mean "thin frozen patty" with no seasonings. My boyfriend wasn't feeling well so I ordered him a $10 mixed green salad to go. I got home and they had just thrown a salad into a cardboard box. They didn't even use a liner or anything. He did enjoy the salad.
Our poor server had the worst table ever seated next to us. I left her a funny note and a good tip. We'll definitely be back for drinks- I'll pass on the food.I stopped by Industry on a recommendation from my Philly host for the weekend. It's got a nice interior design as well as a few tables worth of outdoor space. There are also heaters above each outdoor table which was very very nice. It was around the brunch hour and they had a brunch menu that includes food and drink options. The draft beer list is solid. The first order of business was pairing something sweet with a good stout, I settled on their donuts with a stout. The stout was poured well. The donuts were a little over done but they came with a good dipping sauce and still paired well with my stout.My entree was a brunch special, salmon with a lemon aioli, a poached egg on a English muffin open face  and served with breakfast potatoes. It was exactly the flavor profile I was looking for. The salmon was fresh, not fishy and balanced well with the lemon. The egg was nice and runny once I pierced the yolk. The breakfast fries were good as well. They brought out a piece of coffee cake as a friend had a little issue with their order. The coffee cake also paired really well with my stout! I tried the brunch cocktail which was a beet, ginger, vodka and soda water (maybe champagne), it was strong but good. Overall I enjoyed my experience at The Industry and I would recommend at least checking out brunch. It seems they also have a variety of good specials during the week and for HH so if I'm in the area again I might have to swing by.Went there with a group of 5 of us last night.  It was quizzo night so a bit louder than usual but they warned us when we called.  We were fine with it and had a great meal with a wonderful wait staff.  We had Mac and cheese croquettes, fried green tomato salad, hamburger, veggie salad, chicken and cod.  Everyone enjoyed their food and the service was very good.  We will be going back.  Only one tiny suggestion for improvement for them is to have better overhead lighting in the area of seating on Moyamensing Ave. side.  It was extremely hard for us to see our menus in this area.  Way too dark there so if you go just opt for a table in another area of the room until this issue is corrected.  But go for the great food asap!I wanted really badly for this place to be great since it is steps from my door. The burger I had was a half step up from mcdonalds and the bbq pulled duck jumped into a vat of cumin. The atmosphere is coo,l decor is great ,beer selection wonderful, service was excellent but the food left alot to be desiredWent here today for the very first time. Everything was great. Service, drinks, and food were superb. They especially get the 5 stars for how fast everything was. Literally the fastest drink and food service I've ever had. No more than 3-5 minutes for a new drink or even an entree. Highly recommended.I've only been here once but was really disappointed with the food, especially after hearing good things about this place from a few people. It was a slow night, service was decent. I ordered something super simple and it actually couldn't have been worse. I had a salad that was flooded with Gorgonzola cheese with a tiny piece of unseasoned, over cooked steak. It was surprisingly awful. My girlfriend and I finished the first courses and left. I will be going back soon to give it a second chance.Stopped by during end of Philly Beer Week. Place looked awesome, nice big bar, plenty of additional seats. Tap list was OK, thought there would be some better ones considering what Good Dog usually has on tap. 
I'll go again when it's not beer week and check it out.Love it here. Great food, great original cocktails and great service. A little pricey to go all the time but definitely worth it every once in awhile. Also has brunch which is a plus!I wanted really badly for this place to be great since it is steps from my door. The burger I had was a half step up from mcdonalds and the bbq pulled duck jumped into a vat of cumin. The atmosphere is cool, decor is great ,beer selection decent, service was excellent but the food left alot to be desiredI'm definitely a fan of Industry after going there three times now. It has some different and interesting menu items which is refreshing.  Every time I have ordered the bone marrow small plate and I will probably order it every time I go back. 
I was hesitant to order the Pig ear lettuce wraps basically because I give that stuff to my dog usually. It turns out it was tasty and a little more crunchy than chewy. It's really not what you are expecting.
I finally ordered the burger last night and it is a serious contender in Philly. It's all brisket which gives it an awesome fatty flavor. The only downside is the single patty is only 4oz. and you will probably want to add a second patty to get a regular size. If they had a single decent size it would probably be better.I'm originally from Philly, and this was always my go to brunch spot. Now whenever I visit home I make sure I grab brunch here. Hands down some of the best brunch I've had, very low key vibes with great service. This is one restaurant where I never feel rushed (and I can spend 4 hours brunchin') and every server I've had has been great and super chill! Try the crab skillet (amazing!) and get the biscuit (totally worth it). Can't wait to go back during my next visit to Philly!I stopped by The Industry this weekend with my 10 month old and the rest of the family. They were very accommodating with my little one and we sat outside and ate. I had  fried chicken and waffles, but wasn't aware that it was super spicy regardless the food was good and I will return to try out other things on the menu. Oh yeah I also had the Mac N Cheese with kimchi definitely worth a try and my little one loved it too.Just a quick update...wife and I stopped by again to have another burger...and it was just as good as the last one...tasty and well cooked...fries were nice and crispy.  Nothing like consistency to keep the diners coming back.  Black bean and pork soup was very good also...I can see this place being our go to joint for the burger jones.Our favorite Pennsport bar and restaurant!     There are plenty of great bar food staples complimented by eclectic specials.   There are also plenty of twists on old standbys like the kimchee tater tots.   The servers are always friendly, funny and welcoming.   The service is fast.   And the bartenders are not only fun to talk to, but they are really skilled.   They know their beer really well and go the extra mile to make cocktails the way they should be made.    Always a great experience and in the many times we have gone, have never left disappointed with a single thing.Went to brunch her for the first time Saturday morning around 11:30 and got seated right away. The staff was really nice and helpful especially not knowing what specials and drinks were good. I had the passion fruit special mimosa and it was so refreshing and nice drink to start with, then switched to the Ricky Rose and that was strong but tasty. The beer menu was long so a lot of options for beer lovers. As for my meal I had the vege scramble which was so good and a cheddar biscuit. I recommend that! Overall I would come here again to try other drinks and food. Everything looked good and liked the atmosphere.It's such a great location, a short walk from our house, we used to go there when it was the Witch. We want to love it, we really really do! I'm sure we will keep trying it, in the short term, because it is the only game in town but that is changing - THANKFULLY! We've been hearing good things about Moonshine but haven't tried it yet and Caffe Valentino is opening a beer garden soon - perhaps the competition will improve our next experience at The Industry.
Pro: atmosphere is lovely without being pretentious
Con: the service is pretentious without being worthy
Pro: really interesting drink selection
Con: food menu is trying a little too hard to be cool and different
Pro: happy hour is fun and reasonably priced
Con: regular menu prices a little too high for what you get 
Con: some of the staff needs to chill with the attitude - we get it - you are in the INDUSTRY but if you want repeat customers you might want to consider a little customer service.This has been on my list to try for quite some time, so we decided to grab a few drinks and bites before seeing a movie.
Happy hour wise -- I really like what they have going on here. Let's talk about $3 drafts, $5 select cocktails, $1 oysters, and $1 fried mac and cheese balls ( croquettes) --all of which were delicious!
We also tried the $9 buffalo chicken balls, which were good but fell apart too easily. My partner also got the seitan tandoori with jasmine rice, which was really well seasoned and really enjoyed that dish as well.
The worst dish we got, which I would give 2/5 stars was the gnocchi. I was terribly sad and disappointed. Starting with the positive - the sauce was amazing -- really well seasoned, buttery, cheesy, and the oyster mushrooms complemented it well. The WORST part of the dish was the gnocchi itself. Advertised as " ricotta gnocchi" and I hate to accuse anyone of anything, but I am seriously almost 99% sure that was not ricotta gnocchi, or that if it was -- it was frozen and not fresh. And I'm serious, I eat a lot of gnocchi, I make gnocchi at home -- I am so certain it was potato gnocchi. If it was indeed ricotta, I apologize, but I wouldn't state this if it wasn't so bad or far off. It was not soft, it was not fluffy, it was not gnocchi like you should imagine. It was hard to bite, like you actually have to cut it with a knife. It's not gnocchi that is soft, melt in your mouth, or that you can break apart using your tongue and top of your mouth. This was hard, like literally hard to pick up, rather STAB with your fork . I cut a piece open and took a picture to try to show everyone.. but it's dark and hard to see. 
Overall -- I really enjoyed this bar. Friendly bartender, good service, mostly good food, great happy hour , just bad gnocchi.The burger is delicious, as are the mussels, sausage, and various salads and soups of the day. With a couple of exceptions, the rest of the dinner menu feels too elaborate or heavy (weird meats and animal parts, very few veggie options) for a neighborhood spot.
I only made it to brunch recently and was blown away by the food we ordered. Shrimp and grits (creamiest grits and perfectly juicy shrimp), bruleed grapefruit, and the Hillbilly Philly (a hot mess of awesome consisting of fried chicken, gravy, and biscuit) were all stellar. And no wait!
My experience with service is always great (though I live nearby and tend to come at off-peak hours). Beer selection is modestly sized, but always rotating through interesting stuff.The Industry has definitely grown on me as I've come here more and more. I've found the service to be relaxed, consistently friendly, prompt without being rushed, and super helpful if you need help choosing a beer. The attitude in this place makes it a great neighborhood hangout.
I like the fact that it's a chill, quiet place I can have a conversation. Although, to be fair, I haven't been here that late at night.
The food is good but nothing mind-blowing. Brunch is better than a diner but not in the same league as Honey's or Green Eggs. The burger (4oz patty, though you can order 1 or 2 additional patties) and fries is a solid choice. Everything looks delicious and portions are what you would expect.
I do like the fact that The Industry tries to be a little fancy, but I'm a little turned off by some of the price points. Charging $10 for a banh mi seems kind of ridiculous when I can go to the market up the street from me and get one that's $3. Same for a falafel that costs $6 anywhere else. And that cheese plate for $14 needs to try a little harder to be worth $14. I realize this makes me sound like an old lady, but I also go to bed by 11pm on most Friday nights.I came here for dinner and liked it.  Then I came here for brunch and loved it.
I'm not a huge fan of brunch, mostly because of the hype, the crowds, the wait, the overpriced mediocrity, etc.  But this place is as unpretentious as they come.  Since it's far from the Green Eggs crowd in center city and the Sabrina's crowd in Art Museum, it's never been overly packed and I've always managed to get a seat right away.  Plus the staff is super friendly.
We went last Sunday around noon and the minute I opened the menu I knew it was gonna be a life or death decision for me....every single item on the menu sounded fantastic.  I actually think it's more varied and interesting than their regular dinner menu.
I was torn between the steak and eggs, the burger, and the smorgasbord of scrapple, pancakes, and other types of breakfast foods all piled on to each other.  I ended up opting for none of these and got the Frank's Red Hot fried chicken over biscuits and gravy.  It was a nice heaping portion and absolutely delicious with the perfect flavorful chicken skin.  Plus, it was a great hangover cure.  My boyfriend got the burger with bacon which looked amazing and the fries were salty and crunchy.
They have a really great drink selection and tons of weekday specials like half price burgers and Quizzo.  Will definitely be back here for brunch again so I can get that mess of Scrapple and shizz.
Note: I was really craving a normal spicy Bloody Mary and they only have a "Deconstructed" one which uses tomato water instead of juice and the server was honest with me and told me his friend wasn't crazy about it, especially if you're used to that strong hair of the dog.Overall nice place. The menu looked great but the food was surprisingly bland. It seemed like dishes were lacking basic salt and pepper. Probably won't go back for that reason.Food was lousy.  Had to send both dishes back because they were dirty.  Only good thing was beer was cold.Super cool place with a great vibe; very low key and chill. Nice outside seating area, too. The menu is small but really diverse; I got a Bahn Mi sandwich and it was good but not great. The fries were delicious! I would like to try it again.My favorite new neighborhood restaurant. Interesting, creative, well-prepared and fresh food; very exciting cocktails and beers. Excellent, I mean EXCELLENT service. Had fish n chips the other night... one of the best in Phila. Love Sunday Brunch menu and that wierd but fabulous deconstructed bloody mary.Ran into The Industry last night while waiting for my dog to be seen by the vet nearby--such a good find! Great beer and cocktail list, nice menu, and well-executed food. I ordered the fried green tomatoes, which were served w ranch dressing underneath and a lemon-dressed arugula on top. Loved. My friend ordered the meatballs, which are served atop a deliciously cheesy polenta. I'm vedge do I only tried the polenta + sauce, but from what I tried and the expression on my friend's face, the dish was excellent. The service was on top of its game and our waitress was full of character in the best of ways. 
Yay for The Industry!Been here once before but it was late night for drinks. This time came on a Sunday afternoon looking for  one of their trademark burgers. They did not disappoint- a triple burger with fried egg and bacon was perfectly cooked and enough for two of us to split. Definitely on the list of best burgers in the city.Happy hour here is great ( this is just a hh review). We came on a Monday for burgers and bubbles. $6 burgers which were the same burgers you would get normally for $9. The meat was great, cheese, and a unique pickle mayo. I kinda wish there was more of the mayo but it was fine. The bun was even great! We also got the $5 bubbles you can get rose champagne or prosseco. For those who don't want champs you get miller high life for $1.50. The Mac and cheese croquettes for $1 everyday were amazing! How could you not love fried mac and cheese!!!! Enjoy!Awesome place. Great food. Great atmosphere. Great service. I highly recommend the Freda Beef Brisket Burger. Be sure to add the bacon. Will definitely return for another meal.my go-to spot with my roommate.  I love it here.  the bartenders are great and so is the food. 
Must try:
- Seafood BLT b/c it is AWESOME (crispy calamari with a spicy chipotle aoili sauce)
- ALL their brunch options on the weekend b/c they are amazngUpdate::
Came back on a busier night and definitely noticed a decline in the food quality. It was definitely more on the average bar food side. 
-------------------------------------------------
A friend and I went to Industry tonight for their Burgers and Bubbles special. We also came during happy hour and took advantage of those specials as well. To start, the ambiance was great. A nice rustic bar feel. Not a huge restaurant but a good comfortable size that I'm sure fills up on the weekends. 
Now onto the food. We started with the Mac and Cheese Croquettes that are $1 during happy hour. They are basically just friends balls of Mac and cheese. They don't sound super exciting but they were absolutely delicious. Perfectly fried and the sauce that came with them was delicious. We also split the Kimchee tot appetizer. They were also great with a nice crunchy outside and a creamy delicious center. For our entrees we both got the Monday Mystery Burger -- it had caramelized onions, fried pickles, dijonnaise and Swiss. The burger was smaller than you usually expect from a restaurant (they always seem so monstrous!) but it was the perfect size and to die for. Best part of all ALL of this food only cost $36. 
All in all I thought this place was great. I will definitely be back (especially for their Monday burger deals!)Went to Industry late last week for a drink with a friend and for the most part it was an ok experience.  The beer was cold, fairly priced and if you're unsure, you can try a sip.  The specialty drinks were also pretty good, I had a Whiskey Sourpuss which was good since eggs make everything better.
The staff was more or less fine.  I can't say they were exceptional and it was kind of annoying that they were all milling around the bar with nothing to do, but what else could they do since it was early and I think only one or two tables had people eating, while the bar was getting crowded.  
We had a snack and the fries were not crispy at all, kind of like warm gummy worms in droopiness, but they tasted good.  The Indian BBQ Chicharrones were very crispy, but pretty bland.
To be perfectly honest, The Industry does not stand out or set itself apart from the typical Philly gastropub-style establishment.  Ok food, decent drinks, staff with visible  tattoos and a slight elitist attitude, and music just a little too loud.I've eaten here twice and have to say that I love the atmosphere. Dim lighting and a great restaurant/bar. Always good beers to try and a decent menu. Food comes out quick which is always a plus. However, both times I have been there the bread on the sandwiches was so hard you could barely cut through it with a steak knife. Time to get fresher bread! Especially with many sandwiches on the menu!!The Industry is a pretty decent restaurant in the location that it is at; I don't know of many restaurants here. There was quite a little space inside, but it was a little dark, and there is also outdoor seating. The bar area is pretty awesome, too. Overall, my experience here was pretty good.
Food
So I had their Industry burger with the Neuske's crispy slab bacon and fried egg (made easy over) that came with fries, my friends had Pulled BBQ Duck, Steak Frites, Fried Chicken, and the Fish of the Day dish, which was a fried bass with a tomato curry sauce on the side with arugula and mint. The steak frites, Fish of the Day, and my burger were amazing. The tomato curry was very exotic, so I liked it a lot, but it's not offered every day. The burger and frites were both somewhat typical, but the taste was really good (the bacon was amazing!). As for the Fried Chicken, it definitely doesn't worth $20. There were barely any chicken with the side of typical corn bread. I haven't really tried the BBQ duck sandwich. The food overall is good, but not great. I do like the fact that items on their menu change based on what's on the market and what they want to make (the fish and seafood BLT sandwich for example), so I'll probably come back a number of times to see what they have to offer. Some of their food is pretty expensive for what it  looks/sounds like it should be. 
Service
It was really good, in a way. The server was very thorough with what's offered on the menu, and what the "Dishes/Specials of the Day" were. He was very friendly and he did a great job for us since we weren't the easiest customers. We did go up to the bar to order a shot, but he kind of stopped us and sarcastically asked if his service was not good enough so that we had to order up at the bar. We ended up ordering from him, though. He got us 6 shots because we had 6 people, but we only ordered 5, so he gave us that extra one on the house, which was very nice of him. He definitely made our time there better than what it could have been.
Pros: Service, Decor
Cons: Fried Chicken, Pricing 
Recommendations: Industry Burger, Steak FritesWe had a larger party last night, with a couple of kids and we all really liked the food and drink.  The burger was so juicy and the kale was delish. Plenty of beers to choose from too.  Service was good, when they brought out the wrong appetizer, they gave us the mistake - and brought what we ordered.  The benches we were on were not the most comfy but hey, they are benches.  Also - the white napkins left lint ALL over my black sweater and pants - an odd complaint but from what I understand that's been happening since they first opened.  Not sure if anyone has ever mentioned it to them but, man, I am now!  Otherwise, a delightful time was had by all.We live right around the corner. Great place for a beer and some food. Food ambiance. Loooove the pig ear lettuce wraps!!