I've only come here for brunch, but this is the 3rd time now. I've also only gotten the abbaye Texas Benedict and my girlfriend has only gotten the huevos rancheros. There's a reason we've come back and ordered the exact same thing 3 times now. It's delicious. The beer selection is solid with about 11 regularly on tap. The atmosphere and decor is a little dated. It could definitely use a makeover but if you're looking for a solid brunch and beer, this is a great little place.Awesome! Great homemade burgers, cozy, nice apple sangria :)I love the abbaye! One of my regular go to spots. Good beer on draft and an awesome staff of seasoned Philly kids. Not much of a " scene" going on there which is nice.
Quizo on Thursday's is a good time too.
Basically if you wanna chill out and take it easy in a dark bar this would be the place to try.
P.s brunch is their best meal servedThis is my Cheers. Best service, food, and friendly atmosphere. You can always count on a great selection of craft beers on tap and freshly made good food. 
The owners, Mark and Meagan are constantly doing whatever they can to improve your overall experience at the Abbaye. It is a very relaxed atmosphere. Very welcoming to small groups, children and those that prefer a no nonsense approach to great service.
The Abbaye is clean and comfortable. Great bartenders/servers, Marc, Dave, Ryan and Alice. They are all knowledgeable on the  bar and food menu. More importantly, they are very good at making you feel comfortable, just like you were having food and drinks with them personally.
Check the Abbaye out! Great food specials that you will love! I am here often, so if you see me, say hello.Let's see:  $18 for steak and eggs is way out of line, particularly when the steak is cooked beyond recognition and has that ;just about to turn' stink and taste. Friend ordered mussels and they were mediocre. I hear it's a good beer joint, but take a good whiff of your beef before you eat it. Service was slow mid-day and it wasn't that packed.My favorite thing here is the nachos with chicken. Comes loaded with shredded cheese, tomatoes, peppers, beans, and onions. Sometimes they have Korean cauliflower (as a special), which is delicious! I like getting lunch and dinner here. They do offer brunch and it's pretty decent, but nothing to write home about. If you're in the mood for good food from a local gastropub, this is the place.I absolutely love the food and atmosphere here.  Standouts are the vegetarian cheesesteak, veggie burger (homemade, yum), french fries and brunch!
When it's early on a weekend I need to be seated quickly for brunch.  The Abbaye always manages to do this and serves great breakfasts with super crispy homefries.
The tap list is always changing as well, which I love.I have gone several times and enjoyed every meal. The veggie burger, seitan cheesesteak, watermelon and mint salad, and veggie meatball hoagie are all delicious! The draft beer selection is great too! Highly recommend for a casual dinner.I stopped in because the place was flagged as possibly having some good craft beer. I didn't want the crappy AB InBev shit but a sampling of craft, beyond even Victory and Yards. Abbaye did not disappoint. Very knowledgeable staff on beer and I had a delicious chocolate porter, in addition to a stellar IPA.
The porter was also a great compliment to the Abbaye cheesesteak. The previous day I went back to Jim's on South St. and was very, very disappointed. Abbaye's is not a "classic" Philly cheesesteak, but it's VERY well done in its own right. I highly recommend it, although use some caution with the toasted roll, or the cleft of your palate may regret it (think of it like eating unsoftened Capt'n Crunch cereal). The third beer assuaged the slight pain of the shredded roof of my mouth, and the cheesesteak was delicious. 
Very nice atmosphere of the "corner pub" for the locals, and all in all, a winner. If you're in Philly, give it a go.Maybe the bar was set too high.  I wanted to LOVE this place.  So many of my friends had raved and raved.  "Ooh - have you been to The Abbaye?"  "You HAVE to go to The Abbaye!"  "OMG - I want to take the seitan cheese-steak out behind the middle school and get it pregnant and raise a whole family of nouveau gastropub food babies with the love of my life, The Abbaye!!!"  Okay - that last one may have been an exaggeration, but not by much.
After a couple of stops however, I have to conclude that The Abbaye is a pretty good neighborhood bar with pretty good food.  I have had a burger, chicken sandwich, fries and nachos, and all of them were . . . just fine.  Nothing was great for the price.  The prices were not fantastic for the quality.  The beer list was diverse, but lacked depth.  Everything about it was fine.
I should note that my experiences with the service have been quite good.  If Yelp allowed half-stars, the service would bump them up to 3.5.  I was especially impressed with the fellow who was taking care of our large party (~22 people) as well as other tables, and seeming to keep up with it all very gracefully.  We tipped him well.
I would go back to The Abbaye if something specific was going on there, but I probably won't randomly walk many blocks out of my way past equally "fine" establishments to grab a pint and some pub grub.We went here because we got turned away from 700 because it was overcrowded.
The Abbaye is a nice, intimate bar/restaurant with a tremendous jukebox. Or someone who is my age was playing an early 90's mix CD. Either way, I was smugly proud of myself for being able to name the band and song of each act.
Anyway, the service was prompt. I saw some pregnant lady smoking while she had a toddler in there. There's darts there and it's awkward because if you have to go to the bathroom, you have to walk through the game. The bathroom is weird because it seems as if you're going into the kitchen but instead you're going down this narrow hallway. Once in the personal bathroom, glance at the mirrored walls and pretend you're in a Hal Hartley movie or some European fashion magazine. I give it 3 stars for the music and bathroom.I always forget about this place and I have no idea why.  It's the backup place when we get somewhere in Northern Liberties and it's too crowded or the menu is too limited.  This happened last night--went to try out a new bar and after seeing just 2 really uninteresting pescatarian options, we walked a few blocks over.  
The food is fantastic and never disappoints.  They have had consistently great food for the entire time I've gone there--maybe 5 years?  Their vegetarian options are ridiculously good--probably one of the best in the City.  Their vegetarian (vegan?) chili is a huge, filling bowl of goodness.  Hands down my favorite.  
Their sweet potato fries totally rock.  Perfect texture, not too soggy, always cooked all the way through though.  Nice creative options on the menu for vegetarians like seitan.  Last night I got the BBQ seitan, which was an entree for $12 including a whopping portion of coleslaw, fries with a cheesy mayo dipping sauce and corn on the cob.  It was a gigantic platter of food.  We commented it would have been like $24 at Johnny Brenda's.  
Drink service is quick and correct.  Servers are attentive.  Bartenders at the bar are stellar and most have been there for years.  Most do not have that chip on the shoulder found around these parts--the "tip me well to get great service" thing rather than the "I'll give great service to get tipped well."  
The menu specials do change frequently and it is a HUGE menu for the size of the place.
Only drawbacks are that the music is really too loud before 10pm in there.  A nice dinner between friends can be VERY hard to hear one another and that the servers don't have much personality.  Usually the overly talkative waitstaff bugs me anyway but these servers are really blase.  I'd say that really is probably the thing that doesn't make me think to always go back there.  But I really should.  And you should.I visited the Abbaye last Friday night for the first time.  We couldn't decide on where to go, so my boyfriend suggested the Abbaye.  I was very satisfied with the suggestion.  We wanted an appetizer, so we first started off with the Abbaye Mussels. The sauce was delicious.  Our server offered us more bread for dipping, but we wanted to wait for entrees.  Generally we tend to like to split our meals.  It took us a little to decide but we eventually came to a decision.  We went with a burger with Guoda and the chicken sandwich with bacon and asiago cheese.  The burger was cooked PERFECTLY.  We ordered it MR and that is exactly the way it came out so kudos to you.  The chicken sandwich was also cooked the right way.  It was juicy and easy to eat.  I am in LOVE with the aoli dipping sauce for the fries.  It was a little chilly in the back room and the people next to us were obnoxious, but over all -- nice visit.Big thank you/shout out to Ron C. And his lovely wife Michelle for introducing me to this lovely establishment! The Abbaye is really taking bar food to the next level.  The beer list, first and foremost, is fabulous.  They had one of my very favorites ever-Lancaster milk stout-on draft so I was a happy customer.  Now let's talk about the food.  When you order a cheesesteak here, it's a real steak that has been cut up and put on a delicious roll...not some choppy mystery meat.  Their fries are my new favorite fries in the city for sure.  Wings are highly recommended as well. Definitely a 5 star experience and I will be a repeat customer!The service is always friendly if not the most attentive. Great beer selection and pricing. The drafts are always changing. The cheesesteak is phenomenal. It has plenty of vegetarian options.The environment was nice so a couple of my friends and I decided to check this place out. In terms of the service, it could be improved, we got a little sas from our waitress. 
Food wise, the vegan wings were delicious paired along with Veganaise and veggie sticks. The fried cauliflower is pretty good having the right crunch and texture. Hummus plate was also good but the salad and feta that came with it was not a favorite. Lastly, we tried the Mac & Cheese and we weren't a fan. I felt the texture was off but, to others it may be great. To each his own right?Such an awesome vibe jazz music great food and great bartender Mark. Pleasant surprise in Philly a must see.I have been to the Abbaye maybe a dozen times over the last 3 or 4 years.  It's been a while since I've been there but overall I'd say they have very good brunch food and drinks.  However, my last experience at the Abbaye has resonated and it has been 2 years.  Me and my girlfriend were sat for Brunch on a Saturday.  We ordered our food and about 5 minutes later another couple was sat nearby.  10 minutes went by and the couple who was sat received their order.  5 minutes went by and we asked the waiter about our order.  He said the kitchen was working on it.  Another 5 minutes went by and I asked again, this time saying "the couple next to us is finishing their order and they came in some time after us."  The waiter then gave me a blank stare and said "I don't know what to tell you."  Another 5 minutes went by and at this point I was pretty angry and I again asked the waiter what is going on and he could probly see I was angry.  Again, he said "The kitchen is working on it sir, I don't know what to tell you."  At that point me and my Girlfriend walked out.  A few steps out the door I decided to go in and tell the waiter the following:  "Next time there is a problem with an order that your customers are asking about and your not sure what to tell them, try telling the 'Sorry about the inconvenience' and making them feel like you give a shit."  To that he replied "I dont' know what to tell you."  That was the last time I was at the Abbaye.Searching for a dog-friendly place to grab a couple beers and some bites with friends? Look no further. Abbaye checks all the boxes. I liked my recent visit here but wasn't blown away. 
Service was really good. Very attentive to us and our 4 legged friends. He set out water for the dogs and made sure that our beers were always full. 
Sitting outside was nice but also a little annoying. The inability to see the beer list from where we were sitting and the lack of a printed version meant that we had to get up to look at the menu anytime we wanted to order another. I just let the server pick and then stuck with that. The beer was good though I can't tell you about the beer list, since I never saw it but I'd imagine it is good since few restaurants in NoLibs can survive without a decent one.
We ordered the nachos to share. They were pretty standard. I had higher hopes for the food based on reviews and the opinion of a member of my party who loved the nachos on previous visits here. 
Pretty standard beer bar IMO. Worth a try if you're in the area but I wouldn't go out of my way to go there again.The Abbaye is your typical neighborhood pub. I was here on a Saturday night for a friend's band that was playing during karaoke. It's a narrow space, the bar was full, and the music was loud. Did not get a chance to try food here but the bartenders were quick and courteous.Delicious cheesesteaks.  The aioli sauce is key.  Since my first cheesesteak here I've made a point to come back every time I visit Philly.  Great beer selection, laid back place- great to just hang out and watch the game.  The service isn't amazing, we had to ask for our water to be refilled.  The cheese steak makes it worth the trip.It's the great beer, friendly people, and laid back atmosphere that has kept me coming back to the Abbaye consistently for 7+ years. The food does not disappoint either; breakfast, lunch, or dinner.  This will always be my go-to bar in Northern Liberties.Great craft beer selection. Nice atmosphere friendly staff and patrons . Good times.
Second time here for lunch OMG had the brisket special. Slow cooked braised brisket with a slightly spicy sauce that is not BBQ. Fried shallots and asiago cheese grated and left to melt as I ate. The fried shallots ( as opposed to onion rings) topped it off nicely as well as the calla bum.  Well played. 
I give it 3 eye rolls ( an orgasm is three as well so no sex needed tonight !!)I think of The Abbaye as a cool spot to stop in, grab a beer and some food, and watch a Phillies game. Come to think of it, that's exactly what I did the first time I came here...
Based on the recommendation of friends, I tried the cheese plate, sweet potato fries, and the southern fried chicken tenders. Cheese plate was excellent.
Sadly, the sweet potato fries and the southern fried chicken tenders...not so excellent. The sweet potato fries tasted and looked more like unripened sweet potatoes that had just been sliced into wedges resembling thick-cut fries that needed a touch of sea salt, so as to at least make a decent attempt at the sweet salty treat. Also, I'm not sure what makes the chicken tenders "southern" other than the fact that they are fried but they could've used some "southern" seasoning and some southern BBQ sauce, because that would've aligned more with what I was expecting.
All in all, this is a good local bar with a great beer selection. Generally nice people that work there too.One of our friends' go-to places when we don't know where to go/what to do for the evening. Food is always good, especially the burgers. We got nachos the other day for the first time which I really liked, but much to my dismay had no jalapenos or other spicy thing. Frequent beer rotation with a really good selection - this place is really underrated, especially in that aspect. Why are all of the beer snobs not going here?
Minus one star because the service is SO spotty, and by spotty I mean sometimes the servers are straight mean and act like you are lucky to get a beer from them. This is especially annoying because we have been going there for years - you would think they would have warmed up to us by now.Slow service, food was okay. Nothing to write home about, but nothing terribly horrible either. A good joint to grab a few drinks and play Quizzo.Fun and laid back neighborhood bar. Good food and good atmosphere! If you're in this kind of mood, definitely check it out! Plenty of similar and fun places near by if you are looking to hop around too.Great happy hour specials, yummy vegan wings and tomato soup.I went back to the abbaye and decided to enjoy a delicious burger.  Their burgers are top notch and the fries and dipping sauce are great!  In spite of the great food and beer selection, I have to settle on 3 stars for now because of the lack-luster service.  But I will keep going back with an open mind!Gotta throw some good vibes out into the universe.... long live the Abbaye.    Solid local mainstay since my in the biz days.I have no gripes with the food, drinks, or service here, but Two-Wheel Tuesday...? 
Whoever created this promotion is a stamped & certified managerial liability. 
Rewarding people who show up on motorcycles with cheap booze is just the biggest insurance nightmare I've ever seen. Actually encouraging drunk driving....? hmm... Rationally absurd, yet somehow cutting-edge. 
Thou, if your really jonesin' to lose your restaurant, how about sponsoring the "Guns, Booze, & Babies" event I've been trying to get picked up. That shit is a lock!If I lived closer, I'd be a regular here.  I've had many lunches and a wide variety of beers here.  Great selection of craft beers on rotating taps, excellent food, friendly bartenders, relaxed and comfortable atmosphere.  Not as famous as other places but should be. If I could be instantly transported to anyplace in Philly for a lunch and a drink, I'd go to the Abbaye.  Superlative!I love this place. I feel very privileged to call The Abbaye my neighborhood pub.
They have a fine selection of rotating beers. The food is always top-notch. The staff is always the friendliest, most professional and laid back ever.
I would go here not just anytime, but all the time.I stumbled upon this place after a very interesting evening .. ran into a friend and ended up staying for a while.. when we stumbled in it was quizzo  night.. and I am a fan of quizzo.. however I prefer quizzo that demands actual intellect as opposed to watching every television show there is.. however tha'ts my personal quizzo taste and I can't knock them for having a different style of play than I like.. HOWEVER what annoyed me most about this place was the waitress.. don't tell me that something is vegetarian but cooked with animal products.. that is NOT vegetarian.. blah! its a cool place to relax and chill and discuss the fun things you've done someplace else.. I can't say that I wouldn't go again just to see if it was an off nightDear Abbaye,
      Thank you for being so amazing, and also walking distance from my apartment.  Your vegetarian food makes my heart rejoice, your beer selection makes my boyfriend rejoice, and your happy hour makes everyone rejoice (totally amazing happy hour deals... $2 off all draught beer, $3 well drinks, $3-4 appetizer specials, $5? wine...).  Your $10 buy-the-glass events have been some of the most fun times of ever.  Your bartender Ryan (hi Ryan!) is the bomb-diggety.  He had us sold on Abbaye after our first time there.  We are so close to just never buying food or drink from the store again and going to Abbaye all day long.  If only!
Love, 
your fans.The Abbaye has been in my top 5 go-to spots for relaxing with a good beer and some satisfying food for years.
They have a pretty solid tap list that's generally seasonal, and offer up some creative and tasty pub fare, especially the rotating specials.  The chefs always have a good variety of vegan/veg items on the menu, even for brunch.  Bonus points for having Yard's ESA on handpump.
The Abbaye has a decent-sized bar, and a fairly generous dining area.  You'll feel comfortable at a table for 2, but they'll also accomodate fairly large crowds.  I've been here with parties of 6-8 on a few occasions with no issues.   They also have outdoor seating in the warmer months. I've always found the staff--bar tenders and servers--generally pleasant and attentive.
PS:  People, stop bringing babies/kids here (or any other bar).  We all hate you.  Also, actually, don't bring your dog.  It's obnoxious.  You're synonymous with  the guy/girl at the coffee shop with your MacBook Pro.  I understand you need attention, but do it somewhere else.Great food and beer selection! 
Only my second time in Philly and this place was a great welcome. Had the BYO-Burger and some of their brunch specials. Drinks well made and well priced. Hope to return here!Great cozy spot for a beer and a snack. In a city that prides itself on having good beers on tap, this place goes the extra mile with some truly unique beer selections. I'd be willing to bet you haven't had had half of the beers they have available at any given time. Food's not bad either. But go for the beer.This place is always chill with great food and beers on tap.  The bartenders and waiters make sure your enjoying yourself.  Best place in the 'hood!My friend recently moved to Northern Liberties after a walk around the neighborhood we decided to stop here for dinner. Our server was great-- suggested a great beer to my friend and got it to us quick! We both thought the food was great-- she got shrimp with corn cakes & salsa and a bowl of corn chowder, and I had a braised West Indian chicken dish which was great.. the meat was tender and the sauce was amazing- and it came with rice & beans (and I usually hate beans, but these were cooked perfectly with a nice meaty texture) I definitely cleared my plate and still had room for their delicious bread pudding, it was warm and gooey and had a yummy chocolate sauce on top. Her shrimp dish was great as well, the salsa had a really great flavor and the corn cakes were tasty as well. I'm not a big corn chowder fan so I didn't try it but she loved it. Seemed like a really nice laid back place to have a drink if you live in the neighborhood and wanted a chill night out, the music was good and they were playing the Phillies game on the huge plasma tv above the bar. They also have a vast selection vegan of options. Was nice and cozy inside and they have outdoor seating as well.Had brunch on their sidewalk patio. The food was good. The avocado/spinach omelette was tasty & not too oily. The beer selection was also vast. Great neighborhood place.I love this bar. The best food anytime of the day or week. Best and greatest beer selection around NO LIBS.I love the abbaye...good beer....good food....good service.... I can bring my dog in to eat with me. (or I used to be allowed to, is this still allowed people?)  reasonable prices.  This is one of the bars I frequently return to, I love their dinner, their brunch menu leaves me a little unsatisfied sometimes...probably because they leave the amazing dinner specials on the chalkboard all day and you read it because its there, wishing just wishing you could order off it...why do you have to be such a tease abbaye?   Thats the only negative thing about the abbaye on the weekends...wanting to order off the very visable dinner menu...too bad.
This is one of the great northern liberties bars...check it.The food is absolutely amazing, but the menu is very small! Not much to choose from, great service thoughThe crispy chicken sandwich crazy try it got it soon as I got off from work one day I was working down the street from there and said to my buddy u smell dat he said it's that restaurant up the street I said im going to try itThe Abbaye is an underrated bar in town. Good food, great rotating beer selection and a killer happy hour. I have had many a blackboard special (soft shell crabs a memorable one) and the cheese steak is a must. I have been here a few times with groups eight or more or just few as two and the service has been a little slow. $2 off all drafts and $3-$5 small plates for happy hour how can you go wrong. We haven't been in a couple months and realize that we need to get here more often.We were recommended this place after a group of us found out that North 3rd wasn't wheelchair accessible.
Turns out that it was a great twist of fate as we had a fantastic time.
It has a ramp side entrance that the staff was happy to help with, though it wasn't really necessary.
The menu is not huge and easily half the options were vegetarian with great takes on classic sandwiches. (We all rolled the sandwich route but there were other great sounding choices as well.)
Our delicious pulled pork, Reubens, crab cakes, etc were accompanied by a nice selection of domestic and imported beverages.
They sat 11 of us and managed to take and fulfill all our orders timely, accurately and kindly.
Truly great find.I should preface this review by saying it was super busy when we got there.  There seemed to be a birthday party of sorts happening, with a party of about 20, so this may have affected our service.
Okay - what's with the lack of hostess stands or at least some type of sign somewhere telling new patrons what they should be doing.  We stood in the doorway while the [busy] bartender helped people, waitresses hurried to tables... all the while wondering, do we seat ourselves?  Finally when someone walked straight in and took an empty table, we followed suit after stopping at the bar to ask if this was okay.  Still - a nod or a quick comment from someone who worked there would have helped - there were at least six people standing around confused at the doorway.
After we were seated we were helped by many people.  Great teamwork but it also confused us... who was our server?  When a different person dropped off my food than took my order, then disappeared a split second later (when I was trying to tell him it was not what I ordered), it took awhile to get someone [else] to come back to the table.  Thankfully we had decided to split both of our meals.  
The burger was juicy and delicious.  I liked the option of adding your preferred toppings, although it seemed a bit excessive to charge at least 50 cents per topping, including cheese.  A plain burger was already $10.  We got avocado and cheddar.  When we were finally able to get someone to take back the wrong order, no one came back to update us for almost 20 minutes.  We had a show to get to and were thinking about telling them to forget it when it finally came.  
Meatloaf sandwich wrapped in bacon on challah bread with gruyere.  Challah bread was barely toasted, and the sandwich was pretty bland overall.  We had to devour it quickly so as not to be late to our show, and we had given ourselves an hour and a half for dinner.
The person who brought our check -- yet ANOTHER person -- took the second sandwich off the bill so that was a plus.  However, there are too many places to get a good burger in the area. I think we'll reserve this place for grabbing a beer now and then, or maybe we'll give it another chance when it is less busy.Just finishing up dinner here for the first time. Beautiful night to sit outside and nice atmosphere. Me and the wife shared the hummus plate comes with feta and olives, it was excellent. Wife had the mussels and liked them. We also shared a caprese salad special it was ok, had better. My entree was also a special, crab cakes with jalapeño tartar, mashed potatoes and grilled asparagus, it was very good. The regular menu never really appealed to me but I'll check the website for daily specials. Erica our waitress, was very personable and provided great service. Enjoyed talking about the neighborhood with her.My fiancee and I have been going to the Abbaye for a couple years now. Even though it's no longer just a bike ride away for us, we still hop on the MFL when ever we get a chance. 
The service isn't always the quickest, however, it's always friendly and courteous. And the food that's being served is pretty much always top-notch. Some of my fave serves: beef stuffed cabbage, belgian tomato soup, the fries, the burgers and the continuously rotating selection of craft brews.
Also, brunch is AWESOME!!Just moved in the neighborhood and this was my first bar/restaurant! I love the quizzo here on Thursdays, very fun and interactive. The drinks and food here are great as well as they are well priced. All the vegetarians should love this place as well; lots of veggie options.Ridiculous vegan wings. I could eat three plates of them! They have some great vegetarian options. Decent veggie burger, pretty good vegetarian cheesesteak and a good veggie meatball sandwich. They have a decent beer selection as well. I recommend trying this place and I especially recommend ordering their vegan wings.quait little place with a good jukebox, decent menue, good service and good beers.  I would recomend it to anyone who is near it, but its not somewhere i would go far out of my way to visit.I really liked this place. Parking wasn't so bad and they have a huge selection of menu items for vegans and vegetarians. I had the vegan cheesesteak and it was good. They had a good drink selection. I would definitely go back to try their other vegan options.Cheap beer, burger haven, and wide open spaces? Count me in! I wish I could have tried more of the menu. 
My only complaint is the parking nearby, which is almost nonexistant. It is something I will consider in visiting The Abbaye again, which will happen sometime soon. I just don't know when.This review is for the Abbaye but really for Two-Wheel Tuesday. 
If you show up on a motorcycle (or scooter, or moped, or bicycle with a lawnmower engine lashed to it) you get 50% off beers and food.  
There are always a gang of 'cycle dudes and bitches who show up, with Guzzis, Ducatis, old Hondas, and a vintage Piaggio or two.   The old dudes in leather pants make me giggle to myself, but everyone is super nice and very interested in bikes.  
A good destination for a group ride on Tuesday afternoon.  
Remember:  Four wheels bad, Two Wheels good, two legs stupid.I recently had my first Quizzo experience here.  Good selection of beers.  We ordered some snacks that were good. The menu looks good but we'd already eaten earlier.  It's pretty big but still comfortable.  Friendly staff who seemed to know everyone (probably Quizzo regulars?).I just recently moved to NoLibs and quickly by-passed the other more popular places for The Abbaye.  I think it has a much more neighborhood feel to it.  This is a great plce to realx and try the constantly revolving belgian beers on tap!  AWESOME food - you MUST have the Mac & Cheese and the MeatLoaf sandwich.  They typically have a decent vegitarian selection going on too - check the chalk board!First time here and I loved it. I had the seitan cheesesteak and it was pretty good. I had the Passion fruit margarita which was good. It wasn't super strong though. The service was great.I went for Sunday brunch with a friend and it was crowded, but we were able to sit down right away. This was my first time, but my friend said that it was never this crowded. The waitress seemed flustered with the amount of customers she had, and did take a long time to take our order and even give us menus. By the time we did order they were out of waffles and french toast. Then we waited a very long time for our food, close to an hour. Once we got our food it was delicious! However, we then started to hear that they were running out of even more things. This cut the brunch menu down to very few items. 
This may be a very good restaurant at other times, but if you're looking for a brunch place on Sunday and you're running a little later than the normal crowd, I wouldn't recommend to come here.Excellent choice if you are searching for a little place that offered good service, and some great vegetarian choices (seitan chicken sandwich was excellent!).  
One of the other diners had mentioned how awesome their seafood sausage was --- I'll try it next time.
We sat outside, the weather was nice, and had a nice enjoyable meal.  I'd definitely go back - we were there on a Thursday evening.
I hear their burgers and fries are good too!This place is on par with most other Northern Liberties bar/food places.  Fancy-schmancy food combined with beer.  The difference is that they have a regularly rotating selection of pretty exotic beers for a almost-tolerable price.  I think their food selection is also rotating but I'm not sure on that one...
I guess this is a problem with me more than a problem with the Abbaye.  I just wish there was a place in my neighborhood that served a burger that doesn't cost $9.
Regardless, the service is good and the atmosphere is classic low-wattage dim bar feeling.  But really, you could interchange Standard Tap with this place and I wouldn't know the difference.I can't believe it took us this long to actually eat at The Abbaye especially because my husband is the property manager for it and this entire block in fact. We came on a Friday at 7pm and snagged the last table outside. Man, I love dining al fresco in this town and at the corner of 3rd and Fairmount, it's just a lovely, different change of pace from dining in center city. 
We were greeted very warmly by both the bartender inside when we went in for a table and from the waiter as well. 
The drinks we had were both delish. They have about a dozen rotating beers of all sorts on tap ranging from $6-$7, listed on a chalkboard. Some true gems thrown in there. We went with the Duck Rabbit Milk Stout ($6) and the cucumber margarita ($6) which was recommended by a friend. The marg on the rocks was very refreshing, cool and crisp. Not super strong, but  just enough and exclusive what I want looking for. The stout was unique and definitely worth trying for any fan of "milkier" beers. 
We probably ordered one dish too many for our table of 4 but there were some many veg friendly options we just had to try them:
Hummus ($8) A fairly big portion for an app! Creamy, delicious hummus and perfectly toasted pita. Some pitted olives and a small bit of salad. Yum! Kiddos tore this apart and still had leftovers! 
Mac and cheese ($5) The kiddos didn't like it so much and they are HUGE fans of Mac and cheese. Hmm. There was an extra square layer of cheese on top which turned them off a bit and they said it was "spicy" aka peppery, but hubs said it was really very great and old school, homemade tasting. 
Seitan cheesesteak ($13) diced which is new to me. It does come with cheese but can easily be made without which is how hubs and I ordered it. The seitan was very tasty and juicy, but the roll was a bit tough. The "meat' itself was flavorful but overall, just pretty good, not wonderful. Not enough to really take out of the roll which is how I usually eat it. The Pomme fries which came with it were oh so, so good however! Getting a side order of these to share for the table may be a good idea next time! 
Vegan wings  ($10) SOOOOO GOOOOOD!! I've heard a lot of rave reviews about the vegan wings here and they're worth the hype. They were my favorite dish we had! Perfectly meaty and perfectly spicy. Yum! My only (minor) complaint would be to offer more than just Veganaise (vegan mayo) for the wings. It's not hard to whip up a vegan aioli or even grab a vegan ranch, but they're were so delicious I didn't really care that much. They didn't really need anything. Meat eating hubs loved these as well! Highly recommend these to any fan of wings, vegan or not!
The food came out fast. Waters were refilled without asking. Prices were very reasonable. The vibe is super casual and laid back. 
The menu is a tad smaller, but there's something for everyone including vegans and they do have some very enticing daily specials! We would absolutely eat here again. I want to try that Korean cauliflower I keep seeing! Those wings alone are worthy of another visit. Craving them now in fact. YUM!! 
Quizzo on Thursdays. Karaoke on Sunday's.Having come here several times I feel I am in a fairly good position to feel good about my rating. The food is always decent, everything I have had here has been tasty, and the beer selection is usually above average. The chicken fingers are by far my go-to item and usually come with an array of tasty sauces. Its a great place to sit in the summer.
Unfortunately, the attitude of the entire staff, save one woman whose name I forget, needs a serious, serious adjustment. It can be described as disinterest and competent at best. Very rarely, do I ever feel like a "guest" or that I am welcome. Instead I feel like an inconvenience that is just there to exchange money for food. If I have gotten a smile from any of the staff ever, I'd be surprised. It almost feels like a bar staffed by people who are recovering alcoholics but are forced to work at a bar anyway, nobody seems to want to be present, or even have the energy to fake it. If I didn't live 20 feet away I'm not sure how often I'd return..I've been to the Abbaye a few times and had average experiences. The first was the best - for beer week quizzo. Super fun! Went back for quizzo and hated it...the quizzo host wasn't great and the service was slow. Last time I went was for brunch and it was good but there was a hair cooked into (not just laying on top of) my breakfast burrito so that pretty much set the tone. I worked in the service industry and understand it's possible for things to happen but it will probably keep me from coming back for food at least.Stopped by this place because I heard some great reviews. The food is out of this world! The Belgium tomato soup was delicious! The burger and fries amazing. I would totally come back here to eat. Cool atmosphere too.You lost my business tonight. I live two blocks away and your place was quite convenient. I wanted to sit outside with my dog where there were two open tables and you told me you couldn't sit 1 outside on weekends. I guess it wasn't important that I got takeout from you 2 nights per week or would swing over to the bar for a drink. 
Pretty disappointing you treat customers like that. Now I know how it feels when people are turned away for dumb reasons.Racist, racist bartenders and servers.  Honestly don't know why any people of color patronize this bar.Abbaye has a great beer selection and a nice, relaxing environment.  It's difficult to get clustered due to the set up inside.
The food is hit or miss.  They have venison, mussels, filet mignon cheesesteaks...it's either great or bleh.
Nevertheless, I keep going back. :-)For my bday back in April, my husband and close friend took me out to eat. It is a bar but I was pregnant so I cannot speak on the alcoholic beverages there. I can however speak on the food. The appetizer was pretty good. We had the nachos and I remembered being impressed with them. The meal itself was okay to the point I can't remember what I had. The highlight of this place for us that night was the desert. They have the best lemon meringue pie I have ever had. I ordered the bread pudding which was nice. I probably would have enjoyed it more if I did not try the lemon meringue my husband ordered. So, while the food was okay the desert is worth a stop in. The food is not horrible so  I wouldn't mind ordering a plate if I were to go again BUT to be honest I might only ask for the desert menu!Absolutely loved everything about this place. Ambiance, service, food, drinks. We had the vegan wings, Korean cauliflower, vegan cheesesteak, vegan meatball sandwich, and margaritas which were amazing !! All made from fresh juices. Cannot wait to go back. Our server Jorge was the best!!A cool place with great atmosphere. Decent beer selection. I didn't try any food but what I saw coming out of the kitchen looked delicious. I retuned and has the food which was very good. A def. place to check out.Aww, I love the Abbaye! It's so absolutely chill. They have karaoke Sunday nights and it's really funny. It's not usually very busy so you get to sing a lot and get to know the other patrons. Quizzo is on Thursday night and I like the dude that hosts it. 
The food isn't always wonderful, but--- I think they make the best durned cheese steak in America. And paired with their amaaaazing french fries?? And a list of tasty beers I've never heard of before?!? Dream. Come. True. 
I'm also a huge fan of their mussels in white sauce with bacon chunks. (mmmbaconnn) The veggieburger is also very yum.Cool, engaging bartenders and yummy "build your own burger" = a solid good time in Northern Liberties.  This is a great spot for a quick, casual bite and drinks.  I will be back to check out their brunch.Last time I was here for pub trivia with Jon the drunk Irishman.   I insisted that the capital of Northern Ireland was Dublin.  He was like, "the capital of Northern Ireland is Belfast! you no good piece of piss horse wanker!"  He then gave me a Randy Machoman Savage flying elbow off the top turnbuckle while eating the Abbaye's delicious fried zucchini hoagie.  Totally weird night.My boyfriend and I recently came here for a late night dinner. The place is dark and relatively quiet for a bar and it seemed to attract the local NoLibs crowd. They had a pretty decent draft beer list, which was a good start! There were several vegan options to pick from. Naturally, I started of with the vegan hot wings. I can honestly say these are the best vegan wings in the city!! The sauce is a traditional hot wing sauce and it comes with a side a vegenaise for dipping. For dinner, I decided to get the vegan meatball sandwich. It came with fries. The sandwich was marinara sauce, vegan meatballs and vegan cheese is a long roll, it was amazing (how could it not be?). Surprisingly, the fries were also delicious. Probably some of the best fries I've had in the city. Overall, we both really enjoyed this place a lot and we will definitely be back!!The service was definitely "relaxed" - she didn't come by once after we received our food until giving us the bill - but luckily everything was fine so we didn't really need her.  I got the veggie burger because it's house made (I refuse to pay $9 for a gardenburger) but it was a little mushy.  The fries are french style and crisp and tasty.  The portions are large and decently priced, and there are multiple vegetarian items on the menu so I'm definitely interested in trying them out another time.  We got to sit outside which was nice; I don't think I'd enjoy the inside atmosphere there on a nice summer evening.  Overall way better than it's neighbor North 3rd.This is my to-go place when I am in no mood to wait for brunch.  Abbaye has a delicious egg and cheese sandwich on biscuit or bagel, and consistently good service.  Sometimes I am turned off by the over fried breakfast potatoes, but that doesn't stop me from going back!  P.S. they have amazing nachos.I am not impressed AT ALL with the food, but as I am very happy with everything else about the Abbaye, they still get four stars.  
They sell dry cider, have friendly service and are excellent for large groups, so these reasons will keep me coming back, mostly for the Motorcycle and scooter coalition of Philadelphia meetings.I want this place in Brooklyn!!! 
This is an establishment that has a wonderful selection of quality beers, delicious food and fabulous service!
We popped in, ravenous, for some comfort food and got it. 
I ordered the Barbar Belgian Honey Ale (Can you believe they had Southern Tier and I abstained?!) and a meatloaf sandwich. 
Let's talk about this sandwich. Meatloaf. Wrapped in BACON. Covered with CHEESE. Served with scrumptious shoe string fries w/ some aioli. 
Fuck. Yes. To be honest, I could only handle the first half of the sandwich, but I sat there shoveling aioli drenched fries in my mouth for 20 minutes. It was so bad...but so good. 
The Honey Ale hit the spot, and with the 8%abv, I was feeling nicely toasty after finishing it. Which was key as it was raining like crazy. 
Get your ass here.For some reason, the Abbaye consistently make my list of favorite bars. It's kind of pecular, because this place isn't amazing. I'm going to start out with the things that I dislike, just to get them out of the way.
Nearly every time I'm here, my server is just straight up weird. They don't necessarily provide poor service, unless you think being creeped out while eating or drinking is bad. To top it off, last time I was here I asked my server a simple question about the beer on tap, something along the lines of "Which of these two is more hoppy" and she responded with "I don't know, I don't drink beer." That was it, nothing about going to ask, or that she'd find out for me...not cool. It seems that you can't parade yourself as a beer bar and simultaneously employ that type of attitude. Boo.
The tap selection could be better. To be fair, there is almost always something that I want to try, but I expect more from a supposed Belgian bar. During Christmas they were pouring $6 goblet of Mad Elf, and that was awesome.
On to the good stuff: The food here is awesome, and pretty well priced. I've eaten dinner here, and brunch a few times, and the Abbaye never disappoints. The dinner menu can get pretty hearty; I've had chicken cordon-blue and stew, while the breakfast menu includes normal options like huevos ranchero and other egg dishes. If you ever have a chance to try any other th
eir BBQ, do it.
The atmosphere is nice here, with a log bar and decent seating. There's also outdoor seating when it's nice, and a dart board. This place has the tendency to get overrun with hipsters on certain nights.
Once a month the Abbaye runs a "keep your glass" special from 6 to 8. For $10 you get all you can drink of two different brews from a crafter brewery, like Trogs, Stoudts, Brooklyn, ect. Usually they are the two most basic and/or cheap brews from said companies, but it's still a great deal, and a lot of fun. Just prepare yourself for abysmal service during these specials: (Slower service=less beer for them=more money for them=less fun for me).
Bottom Line: My taste is changing, but I still like these place a lot. It's best bet to reel me in is dinner. I don't recommend that anyone goes out of their way to eat here. This is simply a solid place where you can enjoy good food and drink; a safe bet.Came here on Saturday, October 29, 2016. My husband and I have been here many times but we brought 4 new friends. They loved it! The tomato soup was awesome; the burgers great along with the chicken fingers and salads. The wait staff is very polite and the bartender was awesome!Such good vegetarian and vegan food. Such a good, and ever changing, draft list. Good music, excellent service. Go here! The vegan wings rule and they even have vegan desserts!Great place for brunch with consistently good food and beer selections. There's not usually a wait so a good place to go if other brunch spots in Nolibs have a wait (ahem green eggs or honeys). The bartender that's usually working during weekend brunch sometimes acts like you're inconveniencing him but I come here for the convenience, food and drinks.Been to the Abbaye a number of times.  Always enjoy it.  Nice atmosphere and vibe.  Tried happy hour this time.  Good drink and food specials.  The wings are excellent, nachos and hummus also very good.  Staff is friendly and efficient.  Another great Nolibs establishment.Having a few herbivore friends, I'm always on the lookout for vegetarian-friendly places that are more than just salad, salad, salad. The Abbaye was the place we decided on for a veggie's birthday recently, and overall we were really pleased by the selection they had on the menu.
Great happy hour drinks, huge selection of beers and flight varieties. Many compliments on the seitan cheesesteak and burgers. I was plenty pleased by the smoked chimay wings (buffalo-style, essentially) and the pommes frites with garlic aioli.
Note about the meatball sandwich: it's on the spicy side, which isn't noted on the menu. My spice-sensitive friend wasn't really able to finish it, which was a shame.A great brunch spot in Northern Liberties. The food was delicious and great bloody Mary's ! The prices were reasonable and a very friendly staff ! Would definitely go back.LOVE the Vegan Wings here. I agree w/ Ed C that they are definitely the best vegan wings in the city. I did not love the vegan meatball sandwich, it was very messy & the sauce was a little too sweet for my liking (which is not to say that I didn't happily eat the leftovers the next day). 
The service was fine, not great, a little slow. Also, I rarely go to Northern Liberties, so I don't expect this to be one of my usual haunts, but if a friend wants to drive or take an Uber, I'm down!
I still need to try their vegan cheesesteak, but I've heard good things about it, so I'm sure I'll be back.I have only been here once before and remember being pleased with the food and beer however on my 2nd visit last night I must've ordered just the right food and selected just the right beers! 
I was surprised that it wasn't crowded for a Saturday night however I'm not from Philly so for all I know it could be on the thin side in that part of town all the time. It worked out well for us though and we got a table right away, the waiter was cool and seemed to be knowledgeable about the beers on hand. 
I had the Abbaye muscles which came in a tasty bacon and white wine broth and some fries with dipping sauce... EXCELLENT! I saw a few other menu items that intrigued me enough that I will make it a point to return for that reason alone just to try them, not to mention the deep selection of classy suds. 
I don't know if every bar in Philly has a contractually binding agreement with the a french fry mogul who mandates this tangy dipping sauce I see so much of but if that's the case they need to expand their territory to DE. 
For the liquid portion of my meal I had 2 beers (2 different varieties that is). I had a Flying Dog Doggy Style served out of a Firkin, which I was fortunate enough to also sample first hand without the aid of a pesky glass : ) It was excellent and the "firkinized" temperature was appropriate to the taste. I also had a Abbaye Du Val Dieu Grand Cru, which was on tap. Again, a superb beverage, very sweet but not ridiculous to the point where I needed to balance myself out with insulin afterward. Again, all in all it was a great experience and I will return. The beer selection was so good in fact, that I didn't even find myself searching for Dogfish Head on the list... now that's saying something for me.A group of us ventured into Northern Liberties for a good brunch the other day without reservations, and we were somewhat late to the party.  Having gone to many restaurants looking for a seat we were pleasantly surprised and worried that The Abbaye was able to seat us right away.  Thankfully, the food and cocktails here were delicious and we would definitely go back.  The wait staff was also great as they knew the menu well and were able to make some great recommendations.  We'd definitely go back again.
Enjoy!I loved this place and totally intend to return.
Ambiance - it's a dive bar vibe even in the day time -- we were there mid afternoon. I could totally imagine stumbling out of there drunk in the dark, but it's a nice little spot in daylight too.  Some TVs for sports, big bar, tables all around. 
Service -- just the bartender handling all bar and table patrons. There were a decent number of people in there but he did a great job managing it all. 
Food-- awesome. Admittedly only tried 2 items but giving full stars based on the experience. We tried the vegan wings ( I am gonna try every vegan wing in Philly) and the Korean cauliflower special thing. Wings were great!! Very good texture and excellent buffalo sauce. Cauliflower also yums-- sweet spicy and crispy. All well prepared and nice serving sizes. 
Based on what we had, and the rest of the menu, I will def return to try more vegan stuff. 
Vegetarians and vegans -- add this place to your to do list.
Bonus-- the drink specials sounded awesome and prices were very fair. Guess I gotta go back to eat vegan stuff AND drink boozey stuff (twist my arm...)!Our service was terrible right down to asking for the check. We ask and then he proceeds to play on his phone at the end of the bar and talk for 10-15 minutes with another employee, then cleans up a table, then talks some more, THEN gets our check. We were the only table in that area (2 more tables filled outside.) But don't worry -- he looked elegantly disheveled enough to work there, which I guess is what really counts. The food is hit or miss. Their dinner menu is great but the brunch menu is blah.Great corner bar/restaurant!
Service was fine, not great, but not terrible. Interesting layout, but I really like it as you enter on the bar side, with the bar on the right and tables lined around the windows on the left. You go to the back, turn the corner, and there's a quieter dining nook that has ample seating.
NoLibs is becoming famous for their veg-friendly options and the Abbaye is no different. I am also on a mission to eat veggie wings from as many places as I can! For apps, we ordered:
Veggie wings - delicious! Probably the best veggie wings I've had so far in Philly. They're not chewy and the texture is just right. I wish there was more sauce, but I always do. Each bite had a similar consistency of flavor and tenderness. They weren't too spicy either.
Fried cauliflower - this was on their specials menu, but fantastic. Love fried breaded things and love cauliflower. The sauce they used was awesome.
For dinner, I split two sandwiches:
Veggie meatball sandwich - got it with provolone and it was super tasty. The veggie meatballs had a lot of flavor and spice to it - they were good on their own! The sandwich is large and the bread is nicely toasted. It's simple but it's perfect.
Seitan cheesesteak - this was okay. A lot messier than the veggie meatball sandwich, but had a nice spicy kick. It was a bit dry and you definitely need ketchup or some other sauce. The onions peppers and seitan pieces do get all over the place as you're eating it. 
The sandwiches come with shoestring fries. Not the greatest, but they're lighter than normal fries.
Overall, a great spot and I'll definitely be back often to eat the wings and veggie meatball sandwich. It has a neighborhood vibe to it, as do most places in the area.Great food! Little corner place with a nice bar and great menu. Cheesesteak was the best. My cauliflower dish was excellent!I love this place. So close to my home and such deelishhh food. I always get the clams because they make such a great broth. The portions are very plentiful and the staff is always nice. In the mornings they bring you complimentary muffins or biscuits while you wait for your breakfast. That really sold me. Best of all..the prices are spot on. You can get a damn good meal here for a great price. I don't drink beer but the ones they always rec to my friends are always enjoyed and praised.Great vegan selection. The vegan wings are great. And the vegan cheese steak is probably one of the best in town. They also always have vegan desserts. 
The beer selection is always top. 
It is a regular neighborhood hangout that avoids a lot of the weekend crowd that invades northern liberties.For those who insist on waiting for a mediocre brunch at Honey's you don't know what you are missing at The Abbaye.  Great beer selection and $3 mimosas, no wait, delicious food and great service.  Best hollandaise in the 'hood!  Best home fries in town!I like this place...my hubby rides a Triumph and loads of guys who ride retro bikes host "2 wheel tuesdays" there, and I ride a Vespa , so I joined him one tuesday...loads of nice folks, good beers, good food...I need to keep going back to try different things on the menu...also its in a nice location in NoLibs.Hmmm what can I say about The Abbaye that hasn't already been said? Oh yeah, GET THE VEGAN MEATBALL SUB! I've been going to this gastropub for years and have only recently tried it. Where have you been all my life?? I'm not vegan so I de-veganize it by adding provolone.  Tender (but not mushy) vegan meatballs, flavorful sauce, big crusty bun with melty cheese on top = fake meat sandwich perfection. 
The rest of the food at the Abbaye is pretty solid and the deliciously crispy vegan wings rival those of North Bowl.  Brunch is pretty good, although I feel like the biscuit/breakfast sandwich used to be bigger & better.  I'm also not a huge fan of their Bloody Mary (go to North 3rd for the best Bloody Mary in the hood).
I'm sure everyone already knows about the great beer list and music/atmosphere. There's about a 50% chance that you'll be listening to The Smiths at the Abbaye. 
I think the Abbaye is kind of underrated compared to some other bars in the area, but it's definitely my favorite neighborhood hangout.Since writing my last review of The Abbaye, we have been back MANY MANY times (especially during happy hour).  It's our neighborhood bar and we love it.  My fiance can get his Guinness (poured right) and I can get Savignon Blanc for cheap during happy hour.  Their food is awesome; I highly recommend the happy hour chicken tenders.  
Simply put:  we love this place.  Nuff said.Im not a vegetarian but my goodness the seitan cheesesteak is the most amazing thing ever!I have been here once. I didn't have a problem with the service until it was time to leave. My waiter forgot to drop the check for 30 minutes. It was a little weird. Why didn't he want to get paid and receive his tip? Anyhow, the food was not very good. Their saving grace is that they have good beers on tap.Why no one ever told me about their macaroni and cheese, I'll never know.
Was there on a Wednesday, when they were running a drink special at 7pm.  They could have used one more server, as the two they had were running themselves silly, but maybe someone called out.  The place was loud, and crowded.  The food was good, and reasonably priced.  I'd go back again if only for the Straw/Raspberry Mojitos.I have been meaning to review this for awhile as it is one of my new favorites.  This is is the quintessential Northern Liberties neighborhood bar/gastro-pub.  The vibe is friendly and relaxed with great tunes.   The regular menu is somewhat limited but there are always a fair number of specials to keep things interesting.  Their Philly cheesesteak is the best non-traditional offering of one in the city.  Finally, service is great with a special shout-out to Dave and Erica for always be fun and pleasant!This is a fun little corner bar (literally) in Northern Liberties.   The food is pretty good here and also very well priced.    If you have to pick anything, I suggest the Mac N Cheese... it is very tasty.    They usually have a very nice selection of beers on tap and my friends always seem to find something new to try.   I don't drink beer, so I can't really give you an opinion on this one way or another.
What I love about this place is all the art work that hangs up in the back.   You have to go in the front door and go all the way around and sit in the back area.    This room off to the side is great for big events and parties of 10 or 15.   On the walls are art pieces from what I assume are local artists.  It seems like they change the pieces every two or so weeks.
Overall.... I'm a fan... and you should drop by and give it a shot.3rd time there. Like it more every time we go. Owner, waitress, bartender were all very friendly and efficient. Had the v cheesesteak, wings and meatball sandwich.  All very good! they make their own seitan which is delicious! Great fries! Great v desert. Will be back!On Saturday night my friends and I were starving for dinner.  It was about 8pm.  We live up in Northern Liberties, and discovered a 3 hour wait for North Bowl (to bowl, not to eat, but we couldn't stand going and not bowling), a 2 hour wait for a table at Standard Tap, not even room to get inside the door at North 3rd, and so we went to The Abbaye.  
We've been there before, and it is a solid alternative that plays music quietly enough so you can talk (unlike Standard Tap) but loud enough so that you can hear it.  We walked in and got a table immediately.  Service was a bit slow on the uptake, but they knew we were there and we weren't worried.  The burgers were good--fries are GREAT--and my friend had the lamb stew which he enjoyed.  Interesting that they have Lager in the bottle, not on tap, but that just leaves room for yummy Belgian beers to pour on draught.
A good, less insane alternative to other Northern Liberties bars, though with less atmosphere.  Always good things on the menu.The chicken cheesesteak was very good.  The french bread it was on was very fresh. There could have been more chicken and a little less spinach.  Fries were delicious. Wouldn't order the house-made nachos again though. Hope to catch a happy hour here when the weather is better!I've eaten here many times, I think it's generally ok if you stay away from the new orleans themed food. I didn't like their Jambalaya at all. And when I had their catfish po-boy I got sick and was vomiting for 12 hours, (seriously I couldn't even keep down a sip of water). 
While I was in the shower with french fries coming out of my nose my lady friend called to tell them that the fish was bad and I was vomiting and they hung up on her! 
But really, outside of the worst food related vomiting of my life, it's a pretty good place.My first Abbaye experience was a few years back, I was drunk upon arrival and have memories of the place smelling like vomit. (Old beer?) There was half assed karaoke happening; nothing worth heading out for.
I actively avoided the Abbaye since that time, but my boyfriend finally convinced me to give it another try.  A few months ago we went for Quizzo, which was overall a good time, except for the fact that people take Quizzo WAYYYYYY too seriously. 
We visited last Saturday during brunch and had a nice time day drinking, chatting with the bartender, and munching on some food.  I've been thoroughly impressed by the friendly service here, the beer list, and veg friendly menu. The Abbaye is now on my short list of go-tos.Probably the best French toast I have ever had. Great challah bread, fresh whipped cream, and some nice fresh fruit served alongside. Order this with a side of hash browns. Very crispy and with a lot of butter. Most things on the menu are delicious. 
Restaurant has some pretty nice decor. Offers a bunch of wall art by starving artists for sale. 
Delicious place and highly recommended.Great Cheesesteaks and a long list of beers on tap.  The Cheesesteak is a bit more unique than your average Philly cheesesteak with a hard roll that comes with tomatoes but it is still great nonetheless.Omggggg the best place ever ! 
There lemonade is so good and it taste like beer. The chicken fingers are to die for and so are the saladsThis place is one of my favorites, not just because of the great food and constantly different beers they have, but because of the staff. 
I'll be honest I'm totally smitten with one of the servers/bartenders that I have seen here. He waited on me again last night, and seems to be one of the sweetest men I have ever met.  I'm not sure what his name is, but he has a cute beard and is almost always wearing some kind of phillies hat.  Up untill recently he has always had some witty homemade phillies shirt as well but he has recently retired them for a little bit more of a preppier look with these great thick rimmed glasses,, especially when he is hanging around there but not working.  What a serious cutie pie, I wish I had the guts to ask him what his deal is. 
Although I know  susposed to talk about the bar here, I just think that he needs a little credit for doing an excellent job. On numerous occasions he has paitently knelt next to my table while explaining each and every one of their beers on tap to my friends, who aren't much for crazy beers. He has always gotten everyone great beers, and now that he knows me, will just recommend beers that he thinks I will like.  I want to steal him and take him home and hide him from the rest of the world!
Ill be honest, I'm a little sad when I go in and don't get him as my server. Everyone there is nice, it's just not the same. It is really refreshing to see someone who seems to LOVE the place that they work at, and seems to be having fun with his co workers and his customers. 
Seriously try this place you won't be dissapointed!I had a few drinks and some nachos here with my boyfriend this Sunday night after a recommendation from one of his friends. There is a surprisingly large bar considering the size of the building and it had a cool relaxed vibe. We sat outside and with the help of the blue strung lights we were able to sit out there until 11 when the server left. The nachos were oven baked which is a plus and our drinks were good. As we were leaving a karaoke contest was getting started inside where first place got a trophy and a $100 cash prize. Although we didn't stay, I've got to appreciate a place with late Sunday night karaoke. I'd recommend checking it out.I've eaten here 2x the first time the food was great. The second time I got super sick. I ordered the chic strips with the BBQ sauce. Very shortly after eaten 2strips it came right back up and I was sick for 2days. I called them and the gentlemen I spoke with was super nonchalant about it. I live around the corner and I will never eat here again. I totally understand that it's a risk to eat out but the attitude to accompany it was totally enough for me to say I'm cool on the Abby....Came here for a late night snack, the.m bartender was super friendly and helpful. They have the balancing act of vegan vs non-vegan options down to a science so they had everything we could have asked for. The vegan options here are out of this world. I highly recommend the vegan wings (I would love to have more spice options but that's not a make or break for me) and I would literally bathe in the vegan ice cream. I'd love to have a delivery option but I should also look into not being a hobbit and venturing down a few blocks. Can't wait to return.Searching for a vegetarian brunch option brought us here on Saturday at 12:30pm - there was no wait with only 2 other tables present in the spacious area.  Despite the few patrons, service was slow.  In the daylight, this place still looks like a bar (although a clean one).
Not much on the brunch menu indicates Belgian food, which was a little disappointing, but the food was still good.  Vegetarian Eggs Benedict on a biscuit were rich and tasty, and very filling. The build-your-own omelet also offers a number of vegetarian combinations.  At $5, the two eggs, toast, and potatoes is a good deal.  Happily, the potatoes came with all the dishes, so I didn't have to share any of that deliciousness.
The coffee is good, but FYI, milk with your coffee is not an option - cream, half-and-half, and buttermilk (!) is as far as the selection goes.I've been here at least ten times and the place is always the same, no matter how crowded or empty. It has the same touch and feel. That's good. I like consistent just as much as I love bi-polar. I dig the hamburgers, they never are wrong and they come with cheese sauce. That's all right. The fries are variable. As for the beer, it is hit or miss. Sometimes I get good beer and sometimes I do not. I dislike the lack of attention on the part of the bartenders when someone they know happens to stroll in. But, the flip side is obviously that if you frequent this haunt you might be on the receiving end of that love. I want to give this place 4 stars, and it definitely verges closer to 4 than to 3, but something tells me to stick to a high 3 rather than a low 4.Perfect neighborhood spot with a decent selection on tap and real good food. Comfortable atmosphere and service is always friendly. Their burgers and fries always get me.Took my parents here on a Sunday when they were in town visiting.  The food was pretty good, but the options were a bit on the limited side. Definitely some interesting takes on cheesesteaks though. I went with the burger and it was on par with what you'd expect from comparable spots. In the future, I think I'd skip getting food here (not that there was anything wrong with it, just personal preference) and instead just come for beers with friends to enjoy the music/ambience.such a rock solid standard in Northern Liberties.  even MORE standard than, say, the Standard Tap.  
it's good belgian style drink and fare.  here are a few of my favorites: the Abbaye Cheesesteak (even my vegetarian friends can't resist), their fries (oh the aioli), and their wings.  
PLUS!  i'm not sure how often they have it, but i stumbled upon their live-band karaoke one night.  that and a plateful of their fries is a standard good time for me.  in fact, if a guy proposed that as a date, i'd probably be inclined to marry him right then and there.The Abbaye! Deep in my grammarian's soul, I feel that it should be L'Abbaye. However, the Abbaye gives the bird to the Belgian definite article, and other conventions as well. You want time to think about what beer you're ordering? Fuck that! You want your waitress to take your food order when she brings your drinks? Aww, hell no.
But tables come easy, the beer is delicious, the burgers and fries are tasty, and the attitude is real.I ate outside, possibly on the hottest day this week (90+).  They allow dogs outside which is why we were eating outside, otherwise, the inside looked lovely and air conditioned.  The food was delicious and give you a lot.  The cauliflower was amazing.  The turkey burger and black bean burger was good, along with the french fries. I wish it wasn't so hot, but that's not the restaurants fault.  They also suggested pineapple beer as they were out of cider and it was possibly even better than cider  If you want a quick, good place to eat, check this place out in northern liberties.Came with a huge party and they took great care of us.  Killer beer selection.  I had the cheesesteak, GF had the seitan wings, both A+.  Also tried the cauliflower wings and their fries which were great.  Killer spot for vegan options.I stop by to eat here whenever I'm in the neighborhood. The seitan cheesesteak is amazing. The tomato soup and mac & cheese are also great. Check out the specials for food and beer. I always tell myself I will try a new beer but I end up getting the delirium tremens more often than not. Oh well, you can't mess with perfection. 
If I had to throw a negative out there it would be the service is either hit or miss. And the weird part is that it never seems to be dependent upon how many customers are actually in there.The Abbaye has a great atmosphere, great draft beer list and delicious food! I got the turkey burger with brie (yum) and my boyfriend got the shrimp po boy. Both were delicious although the po boy could have used more shrimp. The fries were excellent and so was the sauce they came with! The outdoor seating was nice as well.Terrific food.  An awesome happy hour.  Can't go wrong with this Northern Liberties gem!I visited this spot for my first time 2 days ago and had a thoroughly enjoyable time.  It was a Monday, so there was an ample amount of room to sit.  Nice bar, dark and cozy.  The bathroom was clean and maintained.  Our server was very good, she was attentive and made sure to check on us an unobtrusive but appropriate amount of times, and quickly brought out our food and drink.  The beer selection left a little to be desired, they were out of 2 beers I tried to order and nothing terribly exciting.
As a vegetarian, I am impressed when a place makes their own seitan, which they do here.  I chose the Chicken Fried Seitan, with mushroom gravy, broccoli, and fries.  Sadly, this isn't vegan and can't be made vegan, which is a bummer for someone trying to transition, but I went with it anyway.  I am happy I did.  The gravy was creamy with small slivers of fresh cooked mushroom, the broccoli perfectly steamed, and the fries were on the smallish side and easier to eat with a fork but tasty and well cooked.  The 2 fried seitan patties were awesome!  The coating was crisp and mild flavored and the patties themselves were thick and hearty.  Just the right consistency for seitan, firm in between a chicken and pork texture.  Really a great main feature on an entree.
I'll be returning here for sure, and fellow vegetarians should check this one out.I would go back for their VEGAN PUMPKIN PIE alone - it was amazing! (And thank you to the owner who told me how to make it, since I live in Northern NJ!) We went for Sunday brunch and had coffee (very nice) and omelets (choose your own fillings - a little too much spinach in mine, or at least, it was all clumped together, but otherwise very good)...then just had to try the vegan pie...and ordered an extra slice after we demolished the first two! The beer and drinks list looked great - especially interested in the hot chocolate list (if I could have dairy), but we weren't drinking yesterday. Enjoy!Beer : good
Service : usually bad (unless they know you, and know you well; otherwise you will be ignored)
Food: very mediocreIf you like a real pub...a chill place that isn't a Scene...then the Abbaye is for you. If you are too cool for school and aren't good at relaxing you won't like it. 
The staff is just cool. Like cool enough to remember you and do shots with you when you return for the first time since you got married. They are cool enough to answer your questions about the beer selections even when you ignore the plentiful descriptions on the back of the specials list. All they ask is that you are cool in return. It's not applebees--if they run out of something there's no backup freeze dried in the cellar. Everything is fresh and good. Just try something else and you'll love it.
Going to the Abbaye is like going to your friends' house who's a fantastic cook and has lots of good beer and let's you watch the game while they bring you stuff. So be nice.I can only speak to the brunch and it was delish! I had an omelette with steak, swiss, and spinach. The homefries were nice and crisp, the coffee solid and the french toast looked amazing. It 's a nice neighborhood spot and the service was friendly and fantastic.  I enjoyed sitting outside and watching the flow of morning people.Tried for brunch this morning. Guess I came for the wrong meal. I ordered the huevos rancheros. The worst I have ever had. The bottom layer was a piece of cornbread and instead of retried beans they used vegetarian beans. Go figure. Eggs on top were overcooked. Firm yolks.
Yuck.
Server was good. Seems like more of a beer and burger place. No wonder Honeys has a 30 minute wait and this place was wide open.A few of my friends rant and rave about The Abbaye. I didn't quite get the same thrill. Good vibes and atmosphere when we walked in. Quirky waiter who may or may not have been stoned - no judgment though. :-D Lighting was fine, a bit muggy with the windows open. They had the Emmys on the TV above the bar.
I ordered a Caesar salad with grilled chicken. The chicken, unfortunately, was the only bright spot in the dish. The greens were meh, the dressing tasted watered down, and the roasted red peppers were... not supposed to be in there? A disappointing meal.
Despite my meal coming up short, I did have some of my girlfriend's hummus and it was fantastic. Great bites accompanying it, too.Our Northern Liberties favorite-- food is great, service friendly, and the vibe just right. Very family friendly without losing its ambience.The Abbaye is becoming one of my new favorite places in the Lib.  I was mis-pronouncing the name for the first year thinking it was the abb-EYE but the bartender gingerly told me I was incorrect.  Anyway, the reason I am falling for it more and more is the consistency and the beer.  My boy and I like to wander around when hungry and usually go safe and hit up North 3rd or Liberties.  So far, the Abb has impressed with breakfast, lunch, dinner and late night drinking.  
We just went there on Saturday morning after a terrible night drinking at P.Y.T.  The boy was craving something disgusting and covered in gravy and I was craving a close by toilet without judging looks.  He got the Texas Chicken Benedict.  Holy crapola it was a monster covered in white sauce with fried chicken, bacon and biscuits.  I ordered the lowly eggs, potatoes and toast.  Even though I think bacon is the grossest meat ever, I had to try the chicken and gravy from his plate.  It was d-i-v-i-n-e.  My meal was great as well as the eggs were fresh and the potatoes were crispy and delish!  But yea, I am still in awe of the plate that he cleaned.  Oh and the waiter was the most wonderful person who brought us darling muffins that I devoured and kept the coffee rolling.
Every other meal is great too and the specials board always has something to suit my picky taste.  But, the beer really shines here.  They even draw the glass that your drink will come in on the blackboard, which is helpful...at least for me?  There is awesome porters and Belgian varieties which I love and the boy likes hoppier beer which makes me cringe.  So like I said, they have something for everyone.
I would definitely recommend hitting up this spot for any meal on any day.  The bartenders also are not annoying pretentious hipsters like some places...so it's always been a great experience.I had high hopes for this place, and the food and beer were decent to yummy - but the server's attitude totally ruined the place for me.  I'm not usually pissy about service, but this guy was the pits.  Just rude and incompetent. I'm not going back in a hurry.The vegan wings will blow.your.mind! Fantastic beer list. Friendly staff. Ultimate neighborhood bar.I have not been here for many years.  Always loved the beer and mussels.  Just went for brunch here with a friend while looking for a café in Northern Liberties.  Great cafés now in this neighborhood but this is amazing, both quality and price.  My friend is having a Texas Benedict (with fried chicken tenders and bacon) for $10 and my veggie Benedict with roasted tomatoes and spinach is superlative at $9.  Huge portion too.  Both over a tasty buttermilk biscuit with the best crunchy home fries I've had (seriously!).  My buddy's coffee is great and I have a Founder's Breakfast Stout for $5 (beers, cocktails, Mimosas and Bloody Marys are at Happy Hour prices).  Playing great New Wave which we missed at Ruba Club dance party last night.  Getting it now though, lol!  Try The Abbaye it for brunch!Great vibe, great beer selection, decent finger food, nice happy hour deal. I also enjoyed the music! Super friendly cute bartender.  Overall a B+Although the Abbaye cheesesteak has gotten smaller since I first started going a few years back, it's still one of my favorite meals of all-time.  Service could be more consistent (and quicker), but it's one of my most highly recommended food items in the city.So many good things.  I think I'll compile a list.
#1 Varied and delicious beer selection.
#2 Varied and delicious people selection.
#3 Seitan Cheesesteaks.
#4 Excellent, friendly staff.
#5 Hand-pumped beer (which, by the way, the bartenders hate serving).
This place is great.  I'm a fan.....Ten minutes pass and we are approached by a different server who re-takes our drink order.... what's going on?  The place is busy, but not packed.   Another ten minutes pass and our drink order is taken a third time by the barback..... Should we just leave?  In retrospect we should have.  Eventually the drinks did arrive.
I'll have to double check the receipt to make sure we didn't get charged extra for the attitude we were served alongside the beers.
It seems as time has gone by The Abbaye has just stopped caring.  It was never amazing, but I used to really like it.I crave the vegan meatball hoagie about every 10 days.  It's soooo delicious!  I get it with extra provolone cheese and it makes my night.  The bread is perfect - so light but crispy on the outside and always super fresh.  The meatballs are made of some mystery yummyness and the sauce is divine.  The provolone is sharp and flavorful and melty.  The fries that it comes with are always perfectly done.  It's a good thing I live only a few blocks away so I can indulge my cravings every time.  
I like the environment of the Abbaye.  Their playlist is always good and you can expect anything from David Bowie to A Tribe Called Quest.  It's spacious yet intimate at the same time. 
I also go there for brunch sometimes and it's nice not to have to wait for a table for 2 hours like you would over at Honeys.  They have an extensive brunch menu and the prices are great.  
Jorge is the best waiter ever!Brunch today was delightful.   We walked in and we were welcomed with a friendly smile.   Tara C.  Could not have been more attentive to our needs.   Drinks were delivered almost upon arrival.  Food was delicious and more than expected per dish.  Owner Meegan was around and enhanced the atmosphere...Breakfast here was incredible! Found it by chance and glad I did! Everything was cooked perfectly! Next time I'm in Philly I'll be back here.Little cozy place with great food and a great beer selection with everything from domestic to Belgian sours. I had a sandwich that came with shoestring fries. Bartender was cool and the food came out as orderedDecent food. Decent prices. Good Beer on tap.
Stay away from the deep fried (burned) potatoes at brunch. Other than that they've got a good brunch menu. Try the Megus or the Country Fried ChickenCame by on a Saturday afternoon with the babe. We both had the vegan burger. It was like no other veggie burger I had ever tasted lots of nutty flavors, very fall flavored. It filled me up the rest of the day. Would try something else next time I'm in. This is a bar that serves food. They have pool table, dart board etc.Seriously underrated in philly beer scene. 
Great selection of beer on draft.  On par with Standard Tap, though not as widely publicized.  
Good food.  Been here multiple times with big groups and small; at night and randomly in the middle of the day.Been here countless times and you know what? It's time for a review. AWESOME craft beer menu, great brunch and everyday menu, not too loud, awesome music (thank you Dave), and great location with great parking. I heard that Steve Malkmus played here and if yr lucky, you'll catch a live music night of yr own. Try the Manhattan; it's like a homemade Fireball with a cherry. Good stuff all around. Come here, sit down, enjoy the sights and sounds and neighborhood, and remember what a good time it was. 
"The Abbaye. Philly's Best Kept Secret."Dear The Abbaye,
I love you.  I don't feel the need to hide it.  I will shout it from every rooftop in this city, just never deny me your mac and cheese.
Seriously, this place is great.  I don't drink, so for me to really enjoy a bar the food and atmosphere have to be awesome.  This place is really laid back and so are the servers.  Please note, I'm not saying the service is bad, just that the servers are really cool.  I've never had anything bad here.  My faves are the calamari salad, the seitan cheese steak (best that I've had so far), and that macaroni and cheese.  It's really amazing.  Even last night when it wasn't as good as usual, it was still really awesome.  Certainly my favorite of the gastro pubs in the neighborhood.Brought a living social deal for brunch/lunch and I must say the food is awesome. Ordered the Omelet. Servers were very attentive. Also $4 mimosas and bloody Mary's!!!Love the appetizers (I literally crave the hummus, nachos and french fries at various times throughout the year!), beer selection, and staff.  Maybe its an attitude thing, but I've never had an issue with service.  I'm there at least once a week; definitely a neighborhood fave.I wish that this place could be consistent, because it's right around the corner from me and I dig it.
However... the tomato soup can be wonderful, or it can taste like it was just dumped from a can. You can get the beer that you ordered and were really hoping to drink... or you can be ignored by the absent-minded waiter for far too long and then end up drinking something completely different from what you ordered.
It's usually a pleasant place to have a drink, besides those problems, unless it's Quizzo night, Two-wheel Tuesday, or the Philly Roller Girls have taken over the bar. Then it's inexcusably loud and impossible to have any sort of conversation.
The outdoor seating is quite nice when the weather is suitable.
Update: I've been there for brunch and let me tell you, the veggie eggs benedict is OUTSTANDING! Instead of ham, the poached eggs sit on some garlicky sauteed spinach and roasted tomatoes. Try it, this dish is totally awesome.I've become a regular at The Abbaye. Crafty, innovative pub food with an excellent rotating craft beer menu. We are suckers for the Seitan Cheesesteak. It's a contender for the city's best vegetarian cheesesteak. The staff even recommends it for carnivores. The Chimay-marinated seitan adequately resembles steak, but it brings deep layers of flavor to the table that simply aren't present in a run-of-the-mill cheesesteak. Their homemade seasonal veggie burgers are always a home run. While I've also developed an addiction to their crispy thin-cut fries, I recommend you pay the upcharge and order the sweet potato fries. Not only are they the best in the city, but the portion could feed a small nation.I try and come here Thursday nights for some Quizzo a la Irish John - it's really quite a treat for those of us without too delicate sensibilities.  
The food is usually very good.  I love the veggie cheesesteak (marinated in Chimay) but the mac & cheese is very bland.
Great beer selection too!  I love Boddington's and only know of three bars in the city that serve it, this is one of them.This is my new favorite local pub and restaurant! Went in on a Saturday around noon for a drink and quick bite to eat.  Fantastic Bloody Mary and Mimosa drink specials on the weekend.  We had a burger and omelet just the way you'd make at home, but better!This is one of my favorite places to hang.  That being said, it's not for everyone.  It's not a place for you to go if you enjoy being waited on as if you're the only person in the place.  The service is laid back - the food comes when it comes, your beers come when they come.  Awesome beer selection on tap - always something fun to "surprise" yourself with.  Or if you're playing it low key, you can always get a pbr pounder for $2.  For reals.  It's dark, quiet and good for a quick hang/bite to eat as the tables come up pretty frequently.  Gotta love some easy outdoor seating as well.  Nice neighborhood vibe, I like to go there on a work night and sit and read the north star paper while eating tomato soup.  The quizzo is quite an experience but I'm not really a huge fan.I love this joint, which is Belgian-inspired, dog-friendly, and very tolerant of unusual customers.  The food is really, really good here, especially the fries.  The draft beer list is pretty brief, but they often have amazing stuff, such as that produced by Brewer's Art, the great Baltimore brewery.  Art on the walls, friendly servers, interesting customers--it is a great place. 
Everybody who I've ever brought here enjoyed it.  My ex and I loved to come here.  We were an unusual couple: me, an older, conservatively dressed businessman, and she, a dissolute model, but we were always treated really well at the Abbaye.The Abbaye was my favorite neighborhood bar while I lived in Northern Liberties and I come back just to visit it. 
Chill environment with plenty of tables and bar space for you and your friends. Not too loud, but also no threat of eavesdropping. Great rotating tap list and the special brewery nights where you buy a pint glass and get unlimited refills are always fun and a great deal. 
Plus, their fries are awesome---very thin, almost shoestring, crispy but not tooooo crispy. 
Philly needs more bars like the abbaye!Last night, I stumbled back to my airbnb home in NoLib after feasting my ears and eyes at Miley Cyrus' Bangerz tour stop in Philly. Before turning the corner on 3rd Street, I eyed the Abbaye sign and decided to go in.
First of all, they have corn dogs on the menu for $14. I've had my share of corndogs in my lifetime. I love corndogs. I'm the gal who would spend $10 for a corndog at a county fair or a festival. 
Let me preface this review with the fact thatI had the saddest corndog of my life last week at Nathan's on Coney Island's boardwalk. It was tiny. Traumatized by this, I asked my waitress (who was amazing but her name escapes me) just how big the corndog was. She laughed and went to the kitchen to investigate. When she returned, she said that the cook said it was 6 inches and that she got into a debate with him because what 6 inches is to a man is not necessarily 6 inches to a woman. I decided to take a chance and order anyways. Boy was I in for the corndog of my life.
When my waitress returned with my food, my jaw dropped. It wasn't just one corn dog, there were TWO. And they weren't 6 inches, they were more like 7. The andouille sausage was spicy and super thick. Yes y'all, these corn dogs have maaaad girth. In addition to the two corndogs, there was a generous slop of the most delicious potato salad I had ever tasted and some buttered corn on the cob. I think the corn dogs were on the appetizer menu but this was a serious corndog meal. 
Anyways, thanks to that amazing waitress, chef, and cook staff I will measure all the future corndogs in my life against the corndogs served to me at the Abbaye. Cheers!The Abbaye can be a hit or miss spot. I live close so I tend to go often and have had great experiences and bad experiences. The staff has mood swings and can be a bit edgy but usually they give you what you want. The food is decent, and the beers are usually good. not a place to eat and run. they like to take their time... Tomato soup and grilled cheese are the bomb.I've heard good things about The Abbaye. This past Sunday night, I convinced my husband that we should finally head down and give it a shot.
First, I don't think I would eat here if outside dining was not available. I didn't really see much of the inside (just popped in to see if we could get an outside table), but it seemed pretty cramped, a bar with tables along one wall. Thus, winter time Abbaye dining might be limited for me to lunches. I don't see myself ever wanting to fight a crowd to eat dinner here.
Our server, Flip, was working all of the outside tables (and possibly all of the inside too), so he was doing a constant circuit, and was quite attentive. (I'm ignoring my husband's complaints that his iced tea wasn't refilled enough because he just drinks way too fast and needs to learn to enjoy water.)
My husband and I started with an order of the mac and cheese. Wow. If only it had arrived to the table piping hot as intended. By the time we got it, it was merely luke warm. With the gentle breeze blowing, it was cold by the time we were done. That didn't stop us from devouring it. The cheese sauce was delicious...I detected onion and garlic and whatever magic cheeses were used to coat the elbow macaroni into submission.
We both ordered the seitan cheesesteak. It comes on an airily soft roll, with Gruyere (I think) cheese, tomato, onions, and garlic aioli. It's accompanied by the best fries that I have had in a while, and a pickle slice. I have issues with seitan: if your restaurant is in the Philly area, with seitan on the menu, and isn't using Ray's Seitan, I get cranky. Ray's is just the best I've ever eaten or cooked with. The Abbaye's seitan was chewy and tough--if it was Ray's, it was a bad batch. The sandwich toppings saved it, but I'm giving another minus for the soft roll. I like my cheesesteaks to be on a more substantial (Sarcone's) roll. I feel like I would have been better off getting the grilled cheese sandwich with some tomato soup.
I'm giving this place three stars, because I know it won't become more than an occasional lunch destination for me. If I drank more than just Hoegaarden, or wasn't a vegetarian, it might become more than that, because it had a nice selection of beer available and the meaty menu items looked good.Nice selection of Belgians and other specialties.  They were out of the two that i wanted that night, so that kinda sucks.  The atmosphere is nice.  Nothing really special though.  It is nice that they have outdoor seating too.  Prices seemed reasonable.  Recommended.I went here with some friends for a quick drink and bite. Both were good! The beer list was interesting enough with a good variety and the food was really good. I got the hummus, which was so creamy and tangy. It came with a little salad, olives, feta and roasted red peppers, with pita to scoop it all up. It was pretty cheap and made for a good light meal or snack to share. 
My friend got the mac n' cheese which was also really good. I would definitely go back to this place if I'm in the area.I am a big fan of the Abbaye. It is a totally underrated NoLibs gastropub with a rotating draft list which is usually, in my opinion, the best in the neighborhood... or at least the most unique. They always try to get seasonal brews in as well which I really appreciate. As for the food...
Happy Hour: Their Chimay wings are delicious but not really worth it for the happy hour price.. I think last time I only got 4 or 5 wings with my order. I think it's actually more worth it to pay full price for the full order.  The crab balls ARE worth it for happy hour, good-sized balls of delicate lump crab meat lightly fried with an awesome cocktail sauce.  So good. 
Dinner: Great crab cake sandwich as well, also made with lump crab meat and served fresh out the fryer so it's still nice and crispy when it comes out.  They also have a great burger. Oh, and when they have fish and chips definitely give that a try, they give you 2 huge chunks of cod and the beer batter comes out fluffy and crispy. Really nice. 
Brunch: Great breakfast burrito and ridiculous Texas Benedict which biscuits instead of english muffins, fried chicken instead of ham, and white gravy instead of hollandaise. That actually wasn't my favorite but if you're a glutton or if you just want to spend the entire day in a full-stomach stupor then maybe that's the dish for you.  
Obviously I come her a lot.  But really it's great.  And there's almost never a wait and it's so close to my house so really, I think it's become my favorite in NoLibs.This is my cheers bar! I absolutely love everything about this place. The food is delicious, which is why I always have a hard time deciding what to order. My go to food is hand-battered chicken tenders, the Abbaye salad with chicken, or their delicious nachos! They always have good drink specials and the staff here really takes care of you. Great owners! I know I can go any day or night and have the same wonderful service each time. My favorite day to visit though, is Sunday....... when they have a decent karaoke crowd. They make karaoke fun. Also, bartender Amy, you rock my socks girl!We had a great brunch here.  The huevos rancheros was so yummy!  I have never had it on the sweet corn cake, but it worked very well.  A wonderful twist on this dish.  And, I was not expecting a good Mexican dish in Philly, but they did a great job.  Service was friendly and attentive, and the drinks were good at a reasonable price.  Would go back for sure!The Abbaye is a block away from my boyfriend's house, so we go there all the time. Even though North 3rd and other good restaurants are just another few blocks away, we always choose the Abbaye for some reason. We've never had to wait for a table, their shoe string french fries are perfect with whatever that dip is they make (the bf and I have tried to duplicate it many times, without success).  
Every time,  I order the Abbaye Cheesesteak or the grilled chicken sandwich wrapped in bacon with blue cheese and red peppers. Soo good! I haven't gotten bored of either yet. Be sure to put the french fry dip on your sandwich...
All right, sometimes their service is hit or miss, but it's not a TGIFriday's, it's a neighborhood place, so I go with it. The art can be down right terrible or really unique ... watch out when you sit outside, you might get garbage smells wafting your way, though this only happened to us once. 
Lastly, during Quizzo... never ever yell out an answer! or you may be called a dumb blond bitch by Irish John, which I have witnessed. But hey, she asked for it.This place has the nicest serving staff Ive had the pleasure of tipping at the end of one of the best hang over brunches Ive ever had. Seriously good eats. Go here.Was here years ago, had to call a friend that lives in Cali now to get the name. He suggested the cauliflower bites, and they were spot on!! Jazz playing in the background, our bartender Mark friendly as you could ask for, the beer and drinks cold.. can't wait to come back again!I'm reviewing the Yards Brewery "U Buy the Glass Night" held here back in February. These events, which they seem to have every month, are amazing! My friends and I paid $10 for a pint glass with the Yards logo on it (which we got to keep) and were able to fill it with unlimited amounts of Yards beer for 2 hours. They had 4 or 5 beers on tap -- the Philly Pale Ale, Cask Ale, Love Stout, and a couple others -- and I got to try them all. They also had Yards-themed food, and I shared the mussels in beer sauce with a friend. Yum! It was a great way to spend a Wednesday night!
My only reason for not giving the place 5 stars is that it took quite a while to get each round of beer because there was only one waiter in our section where around 30 people were sitting. We ordered our beers at the very beginning of the event, and it took probably 10 or 15 minutes to get them. It took a while for each of the refills as well. I totally understand that an event like this is hectic, but they should have just had one more waiter floating around refilling beers to receive a perfect 5-star review--maybe next time they will!I came back to the Abbaye with 2 friends and Dining Partner on a Saturday around 10:30. We were the first to walk into the place, but it started getting busier once we sat. I took advantage of the $4 Bloody Mary special to find out if I like Bloody Mary's. Turns out, I do not. I drank the entire thing just to make sure. 
I ordered the sausage gravy biscuit to accompany my liquid experiment and my friends ordered the challah french toast, Texas Benedict, and an omelet. Rave reviews were given to the french toast and Texas Benedict. The omelet guy was satisfied with his choice. The best part of my dish was the homemade biscuit. I think next time I'll go back to my favorite Texas Benedict or try the french toast. Service was good, as always.I loved the food here and I've been coming for a while with my friend. I came with the same friend and the bartender told us to leave because he had a bad experience with my friend. This was totally unexpected and I will never come back due to this bartenders rudeness. We were customers joining a half-full bar and asked to leave. I have never experienced this and I'm sorry the staff treats people this way.A down-to-earth, welcoming neighborhood bar: the menu is pub-food with a Belgian inflection. The beer is quality but not overly precious about it. That's actually the best way to describe this place: top quality in every sense, from the friendly and professional service to the food itself without being overly precious. The prices are great and the specials are interesting as well, if you want to venture out of the normal venue a bit. I had bratwurst, potatoes and kraut here once and it was as good as any German place; but the tenders, tomato soup, vegan cheesesteak, beef stew, nachos, all great; everything tastes homemade.
It'll get packed on weekend/high traffic nights but the vibe is never bro-central or aggressive. It tends to draw a more local, slightly more mature crowd than the zoo that is any place on 2nd Street.Decent spot for brunch with no wait. No major complaints other than the limited menu options. Service is good and always nice. 
Definitely will check it out for dinner/late night and see this updates my rating!A place my friends and I have nicknamed "Where fun goes to die." It's really not a bad bar, decent beer and decent prices, but spending five minutes in this place is like listening to three straight hours of Joy Division, minus the joy that comes from beautiful music. 
Everyone in this place just seems miserable. It's a dreary, dimly lit bar with a few small tv's and bad music. 
It does have decent food though.The tanq dog drink. Scrumptious . Tanqueray grapefruit juice and salted rum. Yum. DeliciousConsistently good food at decent prices with veggie options.  Extra bonus points for the city's best Mac & Cheese for only 5 bucks & their wines by glass are very drinkable considering the price point.
I have been a patron here on & off for years due to proximity to 2 jobs in NoLibs.  It's a relaxed place to grab a bite to eat with nice happy hour bites & drinks and a great location on the corner of 3rd & Fairmount.  My only quibble is that the service can be a little slow at times.  They serve food all day, so it's a go to spot both at lunch and after work.  Good stuff.When we walked in, we was skeptical as it really only looked like a bar. We were wrong though. I got the Texas benedict and it was a amazing. Fresh biscuit, fried chicken breast, bacon, poached egg, and some buttery gravy concoction. It was delicious! They also had a special on Mimosa's ( I believe $5 I assume that's cheap?) they really had a kick! they were not stingy on the alcohol at all. I would definitely come back. Oh and everyone was really friendly!Tats.
Every single person in here has tats, just...like...me.
The food was deelish.
The music was even better: Punk, SKA, UK Anarchist ish.
The vodka sodas were the tits and cheap AF.
This is a spot to hit up if you wanna get away from the masses of western PA tourists.
The Korean fried cauliflower was sick AF.  You gotta order this thang.
This place seems to be pretentious in terms of pseudo-supporitng vegan nonsense, but I ate the cheese steak anyway, in front of everyone's mugs and I yummed it up.
F U.
Murrica eats meat.Every pub should be like this...but then we'd be in Belgium, not the US! They usually have about 15-20 decent tap choices, one of which would please anyone, and a good kitchen with reliably tasty dishes...this is another standard place I visit every Philly trip. The seating area wraps around, and there is seating outside, so you'll likely get a spot.We came here on a Friday as soon as they opened at 11:30 AM. We were their first customers but the restaurant and bar quickly filled up by noon.
The hummus plate was $10 and came out with warm grilled pita, crumbled feta & olives and a piece of roasted pepper. Delicious!
I saw pictures of the Abbaye Cheesesteak online and decided this is the one I wanted - mainly because the bread. It isn't your typical soft long roll bread. It's hard and does not get soggy quickly. The steak was a bit chewy but the sandwich as a whole was good.
The fries that came with the dish was so nice and crispy. Perfect to dip with the garlic aioli sauce or hummus.This is my favorite bar in the city. It's in a great neighborhood, off of the main drag of 2nd street in NoLibs, so it's near good places to eat and drink without all the noise and crowds.
The beer selection and pricing is excellent. The tap list rotates regularly, and there's good bottles available, too. And the food is fantastic. The Abbaye has the best fries in the city, hands down. Even their house salad is tasty: bleu cheese, walnuts, and bacon? sold. I've also had their seitan cheesesteak, fish and chips, fried catfish sandwich (yum!), and a number of other specials - all winners. I love that they use local ingredients and have a seasonal menu, and the cooks know how to cook both meat AND veggies.
To top it off, the bartenders and waitstaff are awesome. They're pleasant, attentive without taking up personal space, and pretty chill: all things you want in a good pub. Plus, they openly hate the PPA. Other good points: the music selection, the placement of the TVs for sports viewing, the rotating art on the walls, and outdoor seating.
Overall, this place feels like home every time I walk in. 5 stars.Thanks to all the positive Yelp reviews about Abbaye I had pretty high expectations coming here and I was not let down. First off- the bartender was super nice and helpful. Service gets 5 stars.
We came for happy hour and we were happy to find a wide-range of options: cheap bar food, $2 off drafts, $3 well drinks and other daily specials. The HH food specials were small plates for 3 & 4 bucks and were really good. 
What I like most about this place is all the veggie-friendly selections. The Southwest red bean burger and the portabella sandwich were top-notch.I love coming here for a relaxing bite and great beer selection.  Love their grilled cheese.  But their condiment selection is ordinary.  Needed hot sauce for my sandwich and I got a basic hot sauce.  When I'm eating in Philly, I expect them to give me Philadelphia's own, Saint Lucifer Spice, to add some heat to my food.I love coming to the Abbaye. I don't believe that I have ever had to wait for a table here. (I'm sure I just jinxed myself and my wait for brunch and dinner will be hellish from now on....)
I enjoy their food so much that I recently came for dinner and then brunch the next day.
As a vegetarian, I enjoy their somewhat large selection of vegetarian fare. (Vegans might have a bit of a tough time, but ask your waiter/waitress, I'm sure they'll be able to ask the chef for something!)
I'll start off with dinner:
I ordered the Seitan Cheesesteak which came with a side of shoestring style fries and a cheesy mayo dip. Let me start off with how delicious the dip was... that should be on this sandwich. Many purists may say, "Mayo on a cheesesteak?! Fuggetaboudit." Well, to hell with that. But anyway....The cheesesteak was good. The seitan was seasoned well. The sauteed red onions were a nice touch. The cheese, of which I cannot remember the type, was decent. The fries were nothing special, but were good enough.
For brunch the next morning I ordered the Egg and Cheese on a House Made Biscuit. It was okay. Not my favorite thing that I've ordered there. The biscuit was definitely bland and a bit too crumbly...it actually seemed a bit stale. My usual brunch order is the veggie benedict. Even if you are not vegetarian, this should be something that you try once in your life. Seriously.
Oh and by the way, I don't drink. If you're looking for a review of their drink selection, tough!I feel like people who describe The Abbaye as a dive bar don't actually know what a dive bar is. Or are confused, because while the rest of the neighborhood is tripping over itself trying to see who can gentrify the hardest, The Abbaye has remained mostly the same, plus or minus a few coats of red paint.
Things you will consistently find at The Abbaye:
- A well curated rotating tap list.
- Amazing Belgian inspired pub food.
- Confusion over why the margaritas at a Belgian place are so good.
- Insufficient lighting.
- The need to doublecheck with your server about their dessert list. (Order dessert, you miscreants.)
Everything is always great, but standout items for me are their vegan wings and their extremely non-traditional cheesesteak. (Something something rosemary something om nom nom). They also serve a better than average burger, and their shoestring fries are impossible to stop eating.
If I lived in NoLibs, I would be delighted to call this my local bar. Go hang out.The Abbaye is dishing out consistently good food and beer. We just moved to Northern Liberties and we've been back a few times already. If you can catch their specials menu with the chicken cheesesteak (with smoked cheddar and apples) then you MUST TRY IT!!! They make everything in-house. Try the sweet potato fries! There are about 2 lbs of them... so make some hash with the leftovers ;)
Rotating local beers on tap- can't beat it. Will be back soon! I just wish they had a little bit bigger menu... but I also appreciate the time they put into the few items they list.Love sitting at the bar and trying out the seasonal beer selection. Comfort food - burger is a fave. Great down to earth staff. Fave place in the norlibs hood.While they may have a great selection of beers to offer us, I would enjoy this establishment much more if when my group of 8 walked in, the bartender made any attempt to acknowledge us or offer us some of that great selection of beers.  We tripled the bar's population  . . . maybe this was some sort of abbaye foul? 
This incident aside, the beers are great, and there is great outdoor seating.Swung by here recently with some friends for some drinks/snacks.  I've been here a few times, and happen to quite fancy the ambiance, affordable prices, awesome servers, and VEGETARIAN FRIENDLY gastropub goodness.  On this particular evening, i had tired of beer (a rarity in my world) so i opted to drink the Abbaye Sangria.  It was $5 a pint, and quite tasty.  It was white Sangria which i tend to steer clear of, but this was well worth the exception.  The fruit wasn't just floating around, but it had been blended up and so my Sangria has the consistency of pulpy OJ.  I could totally see how someone would hate this, but I really dug it.  Fiberous booze!  My mother would be proud.  
That fruit sure packed a boozy punch too.  After a bit, I decided to get an order of the vegan wings.  They were REALLY good.  I loved how they were crispy, and saucy, and really really tasty.  That sort of texture is another tough one to find amongst the vegetarian community.  I've had the seitan cheesesteak here before too and I must say its equally as delicious.
All in all- great little watering hole with lots of fun booze and food!Friendly staff - laid back - not stuffy - good food - reasonable prices! A great local spot!Good beer list albeit short, best vegan wings in town, good happy hour. Very comfy place to hang and even play darts! Service is spotty, but I'm willing to overlook at times for the wings! Most other food I've had was just ok. I only get the wings now.cute place! the food menu is awesome as well as the actual food ! the grilled cheese and tomato soup, always a classic staple, very well done! oysters, caesar salad with steak and a chicken sandwich were all ordered and everything came out awesome. good beer selection too. large liquor selection to pick from as well.we're constantly hitting up the Abbaye... the rotating beer selection is awesome, as are the specials on the menu (I second the props on the cheesesteaks, they are superb)
Some may gripe about the service - we never see it, however, we do know most of the folks that work there. No hipster dooshes in this place - its a great place that's never steered us wrong.Quite frankly one of the best cheese steaks that you will find in the city of Philadelphia.  Unlike the cheap steakums that you find at the tourist traps, this place has nice chunks of meat that must be marinated for hours.
Also a great craft beer selection that seems to always be changing.Typical No. Libs. gastro pubby specials chalk board kind of place.  And I mean that in a good way.  Nice solid menu, but we were drawn here by chimay marinated cheesesteak.  It did not disappoint.  Also, the cod chowder, roasted eggplant sandwich, and sweet potato fries didn't hurt my opinion either.  
I arrived here half an hour before my party, and just chilled at the table reading the paper.  The service was great because no one made me feel like I was holding up the table.  They just got me a beer and let me be.  Yes, some times, good service is no service.  
I will definitely come back.  Irish John does quizzo here.