Great service and the atmosphere was amazing! Only went to the bar potion, but simply tell the bartender what liquor you want and he will concoct a delicious drink featuring that ingredient.Amazing bartenders, amazing drinks, hand chipped ice in your cocktail. It doesn't get much better than this for a night out for great seasonal crafted cocktails. Everything made from scratch. We will be regulars for sure!The Farmers' Cabinet is quite the hybrid. Its bar resembles a refined gastropub while its dining room verges upon fine dining. It may sound ambitious, but it works well here.
To their credit, they don't overextend themselves with the menu. Each section has a handful of options which cover a nice variety of dishes. We had the lamb and the rib eye two ways, both were delicious and executed nicely.
They have an amazing cheese selection too and that goes a long way with me. Our server was excellent as well - informative, prompt and accommodating. 
The music and decor of the dining room is all very old-timey and elegant. At moments I felt as though I were in the Overlook Hotel...an extra element of cool for the evening.  
There is an abundance of great beer here, mostly European with a few house-made beers as well. It's a nice change from the typical beers to be found around town. If you're looking for something different, you would do well by coming here. If spirits are your game, they have a bunch of specialty cocktails that look intriguing too. 
The case has been made regarding price vs. value. Entrees run in the upper tiers of pricing and as always, reactions to that will vary according to expectations, budget and taste. I was pleased with the quality of the food, drinks and service we received during this visit and felt what I spent was worth it. 
All in all a wonderful experience. Next time I'm gonna belly up to the bar and give that a whirl. I just hope I'm not served by Lloyd the Bartender.Our waitress was extremely rude to us because we didn't spend enough money. She literally told us that we "wasted her time." I guess she failed to see that the reason why we were leaving and not spending more money was because she was never around to take our order.Food and drinks were really good. Definitely a spot to visit in Philly. The only down side is that it got silly with the faux 1920s attitude. If they could just be a little more "normal" in how they treated the customers, it would be perfect!We loved this place. I don't know if it's usually as busy as it was when we went, but it was restaurant week, and it was PACKED. The food was good. I don't really have anything negative to say about it, but I wasn't blown away. I had the butternut squash soup, which was extraordinary, the duck, and the bread pudding, while my boyfriend had the duck pate appetizer, hangar steak, and chocolate cake. The beer list and cocktails, however, were amazing! We tried a couple of import bets and a few of the specialty cocktails. Each were delicious and incredibly unique. The live band and the 1920s/Prohibition theme were so much fun. Service was a little slow, but extremely courteous. It expect that was only the case because of RW.Best New Year's Eve party ever! Drinks, music, atmosphere - perfection!I went here with the bf for restaurant week dinner. I've been hearing about their amazing beer selection and was excited to try their food. 
The ambiance was pretty sweet. Loved their beer wall with candles interspersed. The barrel bar tables add a nice touch. The long picnic benches are good in theory and looks. In practicallity. meeeeh. That may be the one down star. I was stuck on a bench with a guy who liked the bench scooted too far from the table. Maybe I'm too short... maybe I'm too nice. But, I do like my own chair.
Now on to the food. Butternut squash soup with pistachios hit the spot on a cold winter night. Silky smooth texture with deep flavors. I had the duck for my entree. This is what really drew me here for restaurant week. It was the least tasting duck I've ever had. I dont know if that's a good or bad thing. But I actually enjoyed it. It tasted more like pork. My bf had the pork which was sweet, juicy and ham like. The desserts were ok. Nothing too crazy to rave about. 
The draft beers are pretty legit. No scrimping on quality here. If anything.. that completely lived up to it's expectations. Cheers!The beer is 50:50.  Some is decent, some is lousy.  It's fairly expensive for what you get.
And no, I dont typically drink "macro" brews.  So, it's not my poor or inexperienced taste in beer that lead me to post this comment.Went during restaurant week.  Food was very good.  Better than Fork or Supper.  Would go back.  Large selection of beers.  Everything tasted great.  Only remarks are that the coffee ice cream tasted like it was Breyer's...was expecting something more unique.Came here for a restaurant week dinner at the beginning of the year, and had a mediocre dining experience-- the food was pretty average to be honest. The ambiance was absolutely AMAZING and definitely a super cute spot to see though! And the service was on point as well. Perhaps I have a skewed perception because I'm vegetarian and perhaps this place doesn't do veggie dishes as well as the meat dishes. 
For four of us, we split the following desserts: brie mousse, hazelnut tartine, pumpkin cheesecake, and caramelized pear bread pudding. All were really average, despite how amazing they sound! The brie mousse was especially weird-- too sour to be a dessert-- so I wouldn't recommend this one. The best was probably the pear bread pudding, though I don't know if I'd even order that again.
For my main course, I had the butternut squash ravioli which was really, really tasty. The portion size was just too small though! And for my appetizer, I selected the chilled black pasta. The texture was a bit off and it just didn't look too appealing, though I did enjoy the taste somewhat.
OVERALL: Average food, incredible ambiance, and good service. Perhaps a vegetarian's take on the restaurant would be different from a carnivore's take on the restaurant!Love, love, love, love the vibe of this spot!  Stopped in here for a drink while out on a date with my husband.  I had been meaning to check it out for a long time now and it did not disappoint!  This is the coolest bar I've been to in a long time. 
What made it so freaking cool, you may ask.  Well, I will tell you.  I loved the 1920's Prohibition-era theme- with the waters served in mason jars and mason jars also being used as lanterns hanging from the ceilings.  I loved the waitstaff's uniforms- men in white shirts, black pants and suspenders.  Women in long flowy dresses.  I loved how the bar "tables" were barrels and how there were two bars- one for liquor and one for beer.  And I loved the bluegrass-y jazz music playing.  
Now I am fully aware that I probably fell for the gimmick, but I don't care- I loved it in there and didn't want to leave!  But I will tell you what was not a gimmick- their amazing beer list.  Wow!  So many obscure beers from all over the world- I wanted to try them all.  One thing to note- for many of the beers, the 12 oz and the 6 oz were only a couple of bucks different in price- make sure to opt for the larger size to get more bang for your buck.
I am definitely looking forward to coming back and checking out their food selection!I've only been here as a bar. If you feel like splurging on expensive drinks, these drinks are downright fun.  The cocktails are served in jars and chilled with a sphere of ice.
The ambiance is really cool as well.I went here during Restaurant Week, and it was packed and very loud. I had corn soup, some fish dish, and strawberry rhubarb, and they were just OK. I was told the quality and quantity of food was downgraded since it's an event night, so maybe if I try this restaurant at a regular time, things will be better?Great for one or two drinks, but the prices are ridiculous.  Unsurprisingly, the entire staff has that "don't you know how special our drinks are?" attitude.
Go for happy hour to enjoy the ambiance, then move on.Farmer's Cabinet is my new favorite place in Philadelphia.
A large group of us happened in on Saturday night and sat at the beer bar.  I tried so many beers and I have to say that each one was a pleasure.  Very glad that you can have the 7 oz or 11 oz sizes to choose from.
The sweet breads were absolutely incredible.  Be sure to give them a try even if you might thing they are "strange."  
The addition of a great band playing 1920s and 1930s music really raised the bar and supported the excellent ambiance and delicious food & drink.  
As the other reviewers said -- I will probably spend all of my time and money at this place.  Well done.I've been here twice.  The first time was for Happy Hour and was just an okay experience.  The bartender we had I think was having a bad day and its showed. However,  I ended up there late night, giving it a second chance and it was a good time (and all the bartenders we happy and really knowledgeable about thier drinks).  They have an expansive craft beers and well made cocktails with real juices and natural ingredients.  The decor was fun with a throwback to the Prohibition era.  They had live Jazz music that played well into the night, which was probably my favorite part of the evening.  I've only done drinks here, the food menu is quite specific and I don't know if its my taste but it's a great place to go out and grab a drink with friends.So I went back for round two.  While I was only in for a few drinks and a small appetizer, I was impressed.  I ate the veal marrow and Bavarian pretzel which were both great.  They serve the veal marrow in-bone with some toasts.  What a treat from this rustic 1800s Victorian era style bar.  I had one of the best old-fashioneds I ever had from their cocktail bar.  The bartender hand chips one chunk of ice to custom fit your glass.  What a cocktail!
This is a relatively new spot, but for sure one of my favorites in Philly.  You most likely would never even notice it unless you were introduced to it or were specifically looking for it.
We were there early in the afternoon, so before the dinner menu.  The only critique I can give for my second visit was that the menu was sparse.  I wanted to try some other food but there were only 6 or so items to choose from!I met some friends here for Restaurant Week and had a fabulous experience!
The interior was very warm and inviting. The overall decor was interesting and just an all-around cool space.
The food was top-notch. I had the home-made pretzel for my first course. It was buttery, salty, and warm - can't get much better than that. The table ordered some pickled items, which were very tasty. All of the appetizers came on thick pieces of slate - a nice riff on rustic sensibility with a modern twist. 
For my entree, I had the hanger steak. It was cooked to a perfect medium. The outside was crisp and flavorful, and the inside was juicy and tender. The accompanying potatoes and carrots were delicious too (the carrots could have been a touch more tender). 
For dessert, I had the coffee ice cream. I chose that because it was the "lightest" option (the other two being bread pudding and chocolate cake). The ice cream was good, but it was pretty much like every other coffee ice cream I've ever had. 
The only reason I didn't give a full 5 stars was because of the dessert, and that it was very warm in the restaurant when we were first seated.
I'd love to return for drinks and appetizers at the very cool bar!Farmer's Cabinet is a very cool place for food or drink. 
Live jazz in a rural 1940's atmosphere. 
Ambiance is very cool, but the food can be over-priced. 
Place can get super packed and hot on busy nights.I've been a few times, most recently for restaurant week. This review reflects the sum of my experiences here. I've been here for brunch, dinner, drinks.
Most recently, when I was here during Restaurant week. The service was very slow (despite an 8pm Monday reservation). We sat and ordered drinks and then ordered our meals, we were not served dinner until almost 10pm. Granted there were two appetizer courses, but basically, we waited 30 minutes for our first course, another 30 for the second and another 30 for the 3rd. Not only that, but all of the 3rd course meals did not come out at the same time, it was about 10 minutes between when the first entree arrived and the last finally came. The portions were also comically small. The prawn entree was literally 2 prawns, a mound of hominy the size of a macaroon and 4 fingernail sized pieces of shaved, cured pork. The deviled egg app was just the one egg cut into two and dust with some bacon crumbs. The whole order of Kurobuta Pork could have fit on a soup spoon.
The cocktails are imaginative and the beer list almost always includes beers you've never heard of. However, they are expensive! Almost all of the signature cocktails are $11+. This includes drinks that have cheap liquors as a base such as Old Overholt ($17/750 ml bottle retail). Some of the beer was reasonably priced, but many are $8-9 for a 12 or less pour.
In all, I had 2 drinks and the Restaurant week special and it was over $60 per person after tax and tipFood is just ok , service is great  but I  still love Farmer's Cabinet.....
Looks and FEELS like a real speak easy!!Overpriced and underwhelming. Drinks are an outrageous ripoff. Won't be returning.Delicious food, Fantastic cocktails, great beer. I haven't had anything bad off the menu. I go with friends and family here often and they also rave about the food and drinks. I also like the ambience.
Drawbacks:
Communal dining, not a fan. I like to sit next to people when I go out so I don't have to yell at them, especially when there is a piano player right in the bar. 
Drinks are pricey, bill starts to add up quick.Bar dranking review only - I've never eaten here but some how have managed to end up at the bar quite a few times. I really love the ambiance, love the old timey band,  and its definitely a fun time but why oh why are your drinks so ridiculously expensive?! Although I am here often, I never stay past the first or second round...$30 for 2 little drinks is always my que to leave!I was looking for a nice dining experience when I came across this ,joint.
We were in the area for a convention and happen to be surprising my mom who lives nearby on her birthday. 
The sign is hard to read from the outside, we passed it up a few times.
had a few very expensive beers in the bar while waiting for her arrival.
The bar is very dark.
Once seated, we had a very odd waitress who was a low talker. It was restaurant week, so they had a Prue fixed menu. And aside from that I would say the menu was very small. 
Now this concept is farm to table which i love, fresh, local ingredients. But, the wait for everything was inexcusable. We sat before ALL tables around us and waiting about 1 1/2 for our entrees. Everyone around was served.
Dirty dishes sat on the table for  long time. And the drinks came so sporadic.
The waitress finally said she thought maybe the chef was having a diabetic fit. I thought was odd, instead of stand there over explaining the situation, just get in the kitchen and get our food out. 
Although the food was pretty good, overpriced, and a long wait on food for this place, really took it down a quite a few notches. on top of all that, the dessert came out and then my coffee did like 5 minutes later. Hire new wait staff.I have been coming here since it opened and it has consistently been the same. The drinks can be great and the food-yeah not so much. I have always been willing to look past a ho-hum meal due to the drinks and the service, and that lasted until my  most recent visit. My husband and I went on a double date with some close friends expecting just a nice night out. Instead what we got was overcooked (and absurdly priced) steak and when brought the attention of our waitress-she just simply started ignoring us. No refills on drinks, no offer to take anything back, nothing. So we went to the manager expecting SOMETHING. What was our result? The manager informing us that his mother had the same meal earlier in the night and she loved it so he couldn't understand what we were complaining about. Needless to say now that I am aware that my palate isn't as refined as someone's mother, I am also aware that I will never go back there. Save your money.Went this past Sunday with my wife for the Restaurant Week lunch. Everything was excellent. Who knew a raisin with a taste of Maytag transformed the cheese to another level. It's expensive but very worth the trip.I enjoyed my beer from the mostly imported list.  The punch was also a good choice from a nice cocktail menu but the ice cube took up too much space and we had trouble serving it.  The atmosphere was dark and stormy.  Overall, a nice bar.  I wanted to like the dinner menu, but it was almost trying too hard to be different without any compelling dishes.  This place is huge and I think they are betting big that it will work.  However, I think it is almost a bit too ambitious for Philly.  They will need to have to moderate the menu a bit to keep the seats full.   I am torn between 2 and 3 stars, but based on the high price I gave it 2 stars because I think the money could be better spent elsewhere.I've been interested in checking out the Farmer's Cabinet but as a vegetarian I didn't think they had much for me so I was excited when I walked by the other day and saw they have a tofu sandwich and a seitan  meal.  We just went tonight and I wasn't sure what to expect since some of the reviews were so so but the place seemed cool and not as noisy as other reviews made it sound.  With that said, it was extremely hot.  
We had the tart which was pretty good.  Also the root chips which are fine but not worth it.  My husband got the Elk and found it to be so so and over cooked when he ordered it medium rare (the guy at the table next to us said the same thing).  I was really excited for the seitan and it had a great texture but no flavor.  It was served on a bed of barley which also had very little flavor.   We were too full for dessert.  
All in all the food just wasn't that good and it was pretty expensive.  I would go back for drinks but the food just isn't worth it.ambience -- 4 stars. Cozy environment with wood panels and speakeasy mood. We were sitting at a long communal table and it was quite easy to have a conversation without too much shouting.
food -- 2 stars. everything was not stellar, a bit bland. 
-- Mussels and scallop, bland (the scallops were overcooked.) 
-- the roasted cauliflower apple soup was the best, quite warm and comforting, great for a fall day.
-- sauteed duck hearts were disappointing as well, quite bland and just couldn't get the texture right
wine by the glass was great. both reds were great (from portugal, and central coast pinot).honestly, i didn't come expecting much because of the mixed reviews. but restaurant week here really surprised me and set the tone for the rest of the week. the RW menu was basically choose three from their a la carte menu.
appetizer - duck pierogies: never had duck confit in a pierogy before, but it was pretty good. nothing special about the sauce they used and i couldn't really taste the foie gras. but at three large pieces for the appetizer alone, i'll take it.
entree - rabbit two ways: the bone-in loin way was a bit tough and chewy. the sausage way was fantastic though. unfortunately, the portions were so large, the taste did get to be a bit much in the end. the carrots and beans were extraneous and unnecessary in my opinion.
dessert - caramelized pear bread pudding: simply to die for. if you have a sweet tooth, you must get this.
the portion sizes were HUGE, i felt like i ate two dinners in one sitting. service was iffy at times because there weren't many people dining in the back upstairs room where we were. decor is quirky but surprisingly homey/comfy, you'd never think of it as a "tavern" once you exited the bar area.
if i had to rate based off food alone, i'd give this place 3.5 stars. i'm a big fan of their theme and atmosphere though, and for that i bump it up to 4 stars. seems like a great place to stop by for drinks too.. if only i lived closer....This review only covers beverages and the bar area. I haven't eaten any food here yet, nor sat in the back area.
I've been here a few times. The atmosphere is pretty cool - very throwback saloon feel, what I imagine a saloon would have felt like, but only the saloon visited by the wealthy. In every visit, the staff was very friendly, whether they were serving us or not. They really seem to enjoy their jobs and each other. (If they don't  - good acting job!)  This really makes for a great environment.
I'm no cocktail expert, so I frequently defer to the suggestions of those who are. I have never been disappointed. Christian made a fantastic drink off menu based on my request for a drink with Pimm's. I'd love to recreate it, but it would cost far too much to just get all the ingredients. That, and my drink making skill is limited to adding some liquor to some non-liquor, and stirring. I've had several drinks on and off menu, some new inventions, some traditional drinks, but all delicious. All the bartenders I've encountered (at least five) are quite skilled. They're great asking some questions and making recommendations. Sure, the drinks are pricey, but you're not drinking a Jack and coke here. The prices are worth it.
Pros: fantastically tasty drinks, great staff (both in talent and attitude), great environment, huge beer selection (which I didn't try, but I already know plenty about beer)
Cons: drinks aren't free. One can dream.Do some research... 
Average service, average food with very above average prices makes this not a good stop for me.  In addition the documented abrupt closures of their other stores (http://theelvee.com/?p=1510) makes be very suspicious of this place.  I know my time and definitely my money are best spent elsewhere.nice ambiance, cool communal table, barrels as tables near the bar.  interesting drink options.
our server was a little weird about the drinks, but it was okay.  piano was played throughout the night for entertainment.
nice, chill hangout placeIve been here about 5 times now. The Farmers Cabinet is exactly what Philadelphia needs. Great beer selection, awesome food and excellent staff. From the bar tenders to the servers. Everyone I've encountered was more than helpful and attentive. 
Also the best gin Collins I've ever had.The hostess was nice, then it went down hill.
A busser came over to give us water (I don't know if they have sparkling, no offer), then about 2 or 3 min. later another busser came over with water, he was confused.  So he filled our water up, combined the two bottles of tap water left one on the table and then left.  We laughed, he was cool.
Another 2 to 3 min. go buy, people have sat down next to us by now.  The server comes over and gets drink orders.  We wait about 5ish min.  The people next to us have drinks now, we still don't.
Server comes back and says the drink I ordered with rum in it should be made with gin instead.  This even though the menu says "pick an alcohol and mixer".  I wanted rum, not sure why they say it's not recommended.  My date does not haver a drink and neither do I.  We have been at the table now for a good 15 to 20 min. (real time, not inflated restaurant time), I relent and order another drink.  We also order dinner.  WE STILL DON'T HAVE A DRINK.
And wait....  Eventually the server comes over with my dates drink, not mine.  Awkward.  We wait.  The busser is walking by, I ask to see a manger "I have an issue".  We wait.
Finally, I've had enough and we get up to leave.  Ask the nice host for the manager.  They come over, one has my drink.  He said he was coming over to give me my drink personally to "expedite it".  He said he had my dates drink brought over so it would not die.  WHAT!?  Give the dying drink to a regular at the bar, make two new drinks and get them out to the table at the same time.  We aren't talking Baked Alaskan here.
They were not that busy.  If you ask to see a manager, the first thing that should happen is that manager should get to the table as fast as possible, not wait at a bar for a drink.
Menu looks great!  Wish I had a chance to try it.  Maybe in a month or so I'll give it another try.
Side note, not a fan of the farm tables.FC provides unique beer selection, great decor and ambiance, and a delicious seared foie gras; but meat tasting plate and veal hip portions were small along with a patronizing server.Overall experience 3.5.
It's like stepping back in time here. It's a pleasant surprise from the hustle and bustle out there....Came with my friends for a night cap. The drink menu is quite extensive. A little on the pricey side but I can tell I'm paying for the ambiance. This would be a great first date place, to figure out if you're date is worth shelling out for dinner. It's definitely not the local sports pub. Be prepared to be overwhelmed by the drink choices. But hey...this would be a great conversation piece on your first date.I cannot find one bad thing to say about Farmer's Cabinet. I went in last week with a friend who lives in New York and we both enjoyed it. The bar itself is really cool, with unlabled taps and chalkboards telling you where each beer is from. We had the Evil Twin Flight, which was awesome. The bartender was extremely friendly and knowledgeable and definitely knew his beer. Yea yea the Farm-to-table concept might be a little bit over played right now, but this place does it right for sure. We only sat at the bar but I have to go back and sit down for dinner.
We split the cheese plate, which came with all kinds of goodies, including, as we learned, raspberries soaked in vinegar and then cooked down with sugar. so freakin good. We also split the house cured pork which was super salty and delicious. I had the Pork Belly Sandwich, which came with some kind of slaw ontop of it that was awesome and a side of house made potato chips. Legit.
The best part about the ngiht was that one of the guys who seemed to be very busy all night came up to my friend and I midway through the meal. He handed us a little jar of red jam. "Hey, I thoguht you two might enjoy this. It's RED PEPPER JAM. I eat it all the time. Cheers!" This s*it was so good man. Great place great food great vibe. Definitely check it out.Although I've only been here once so far I truly think this place awesome. I read about it in a Philly Beer magazine, saw a picture and immediately decided this was where I was going that weekend. It was definitely a good decision on my part. Their beer selection is pretty ridiculous, so many options to choose from and enough good beers to please the most educated beer drinker. They serve meat and cheese platters which are incredibly delicious, I just wish they gave a little more crackers and bread for you to enjoy the cheese. The ambiance of the place is awesome, they are going to be brewing their own beer and the barrels in which they are going to age it are setup very nicely inside the restaurant. There are actually two bars, from what I understand one has all the beer taps and the other is a cocktail bar. They staff was awesome, at one point a waitress came up to me and asked if I needed something because she saw me reading the menu. The prices are nothing out of the ordinary for what you're being served but I wouldn't suggest going here if you are looking for cheap beers and meals. I am very happy The Farmers' Cabinet opened and I am looking forward to going there more often.I think this will be one of my new favorite Philly restaurants. When you first enter, you walk through this intimate walkway to discover a classy bar and decorative wall of beer bottles. It was awesome.
Service was a bit slow at first, but friendly and professional. I had a roasted and nutty Belgian ale, which was different than any Belgian ale I've had before. It was really good. My wife had a dry cider, which I was happy to help her finish. They had a pretty extensive menu that besides beer, cider, and wine, included mead.
For food, I had the Bavarian pretzel, butternut squash soup, and pork. My wife had black pudding with boar belly and salmon. Everything was outstanding. We went during restaurant week, so I'm curious to find out if their normal menu is as good.
When we left, I noticed they have a second bar, and their restrooms are also first class. Eager to return.I dined at The Farmers' Cabinet this past Friday night.  I had zero expectations and was blown away by the concept, the ambiance, and the food.  I will definitely be going back soon.  FC has great potential and in my opinion could easily become the hottest restaurant in Philadelphia this year. 
However, before this happens some kinks need to be worked out:
1) First and foremost, the service.  I've only dined at FC once but the service was very spotty from the moment we stepped in the door.  The hostesses were all over the place and our table server was extremely awkward and unfriendly.  For instance, drink orders phrased as, "Can I try the [beer name]?" received a deadpan response of, "Hopefully."
Let me make clear that 2 people in our party of 4 (four-top) are experienced servers, so we aren't some a**holes who have no sympathy for restaurant industry workers.  We get what it's like to be in the weeds and we also get how to be low maintenance guests, but it still had no effect on the quality of our service.  Maybe she was extremely frustrated because the bar was out of a number of the drinks we tried to order, but it isn't enjoyable to have that frustration taken out on us.
Had our server been completely neutral as opposed to downright difficult, this would be a 5-star glowing review.  In fact the culinary experience at FC was so good, yet the service so bad that I was motivated to make a Yelp account and submit this post.
On the bright side, I will say that one of the runners was quite friendly and helpful.
2) As mentioned above, the bar was out of a number of items.  We understand this will happen from time to time especially when managing such a diverse inventory of rare libations, but it impacted our experience.  This could be intertwined with the service, i.e., if the news that a certain item was 86ed was delivered a little more gently, it wouldn't have mattered.  But by the end of the night we were almost afraid to order.
3) This is nitpicky and won't ultimately cause the restaurant to succeed or fail, but our group had trouble with the menus.  Each person was seated with 3 double-sided menus which made it difficult to figure out what was where and how to order.  I would consider a menu book or some way to "organize" all the pieces of paper.  It was kind of hectic.
The food was awesome including one of the best cheese plates I've ever had in my life.  I wouldn't recommend getting a punch bowl until they figure out how to serve it right.  Ours was in some giant glass bowl with a plastic ladel and a hunk of ice in the middle.  We couldn't scoop out a even single drink.  We finally had to grab the ice block and give it to our server and then ask a runner to pour the drink out into a glass for us.  For $45, that was a little bit of letdown.  The drink itself was tasty though.
Bottom line: I have faith that FC will become one of my top 3 restaurants in Philadelphia, but the management needs to really focus on service.I went to The Farmer's Cabinet last night for dinner with a group of five. We have been looking forward to trying it for some time and were happy to finally have the chance to do so. 
The ambiance is fantastic. Truly felt like a speakeasy and the decor was pretty cool. The staff was very friendly, but the service was very, very, very slow. I mean, like painfully so. In the course of a three hour dinner, I only managed to get one cocktail and one glass of wine as our waitress did not come back to our table very frequently.
Food was decent. We had a variety of items. Some of the favorites were the Squab entree, Pork Jowl share plate, and the Chef's Plate (salumi, cheese, pickles). The lows were the short ribs (very rubbery). The cocktail I had was fantastic!  Good job bartender!
Lastly, two strange things occurred. A few in our group ordered a bottle of Bordeaux and, when it came, my husband tasted it and said it was good (which it was). It wasn't until we got the check that we realized that instead of the $60 Bordeaux we ordered, we were given the $105 bottle of something that was NOT Bordeaux....not even close in sound actually. We are not wine connoisseurs by any means, so we probably would not have noticed by taste, so we should have looked at the bottle more closely when it was presented to us, so the responsibility is totally on us, but it felt a little shady. Secondly, when we paid the bill, the manger took our credit cards and did not come back for a good 20 minutes. Finally our waitress had to get him for us. The manager came over and said he accidentally charged the cards twice, so if we had an extra charge we would have to let him know. Both of these instances left a bad taste in my mouth about the restaurant. 
Overall, great ambiance, nice staff, wonderful cocktails...just weird overall experience.Great atmosphere, music, staff put on a bit of character. Bills are put in cigar boxes, while very cute, must be super confusing for staff. Cocktails are worth the extra $, so tasty. I want to love this place, but the food just isn't that good a slightly pretentious- for having to sit uncomfortably in picnic tables. I keep going back hoping for improvements, but I think i'll stick with....awesome bar, not so cozy and tasty.I lived around the corner from this place for a month and a half, and I think I paused to salivate each time I passed the menu. I only recently managed to get IN the door, as lucky for me my food lovin' man had also heard good things about the place. We decided to come here for date night. Our reservation for 8pm was a little un necessary, as the place didn't start filling up until 9 or so. They sat us at a community table, which I think was fun but potentially a little awkward, depending on the arrangement of parties assigned to become friends...but I guess this is the nature of a community table! I suppose we could have changed, but we're pretty easy going and enjoyed the ambiance anyway. I'm not exactly sure what period they were going for, but I appreciated the "theme" ness, it didn't feel cheesy or hokey. 
The drink menu took us a good 20 minutes just to read! They are unique and adventurous and cutely named. My first drink, cortez the killer definitely lived up to its name; it looked like a stiff scotch on the rocks! I'm sort of a wimp and ordered something fruity for my next one, which was also fantastic. To start we ordered an assortment of cheese, pickles, and a meat. I assumed the place would be stingy on the portions, but holy crap! There were 3 good sized pieces of each cheese, a pile of pickled asparagus/mushrooms (DELICIOUS!!!) and what was probably 3/4 if not a whole sausage sliced up. I probably didn't need to order an entree, to be honest, but if you've read my other reviews you might notice that this is usually the case...and I always order one anyway. It was quite a lot of food for just the 2 of us, is my point, and wasn't lacking in quality either. 
Recently I tried cooking broccoli rabe and I hated it. Determined to give it another chance, I ordered the portabella burger adorned with pickled broccoli rabe, fonina cheese, and red pepper aioli. Well, I still am not crazy about broccoli rabe unfortunately, but I ate it because it did go well with the other flavors. There was a mountain of chips too, of which I only ate a few (out of sheer lack of stomach vacancy) I'll admit, I ate the bread. I always pay for indulging in gluten, but I took one bite and decided that sometimes it's worth it. It was light, fluffy, probably some sort of french inspired creation...maybe it's because I never eat the stuff that I was so taken aback by it, but I think that was my favorite part of that meal!
We decided to share a dessert (completely unnecessary). The strawberry cheesecake magic mousse came in a jar (one of the wide bottom ones = big portion!) and was F.A.N.T.A.S.T.I.C. Both of us had to stop multiple times to appreciate it to one another. 
Every table and barrel was occupied by the time our cigar box (check) arrived, and a theme looking band was setting up behind us. We decided to leave before our impending food comas set in, but I think it would be fun to stay for the music one night! 
The food was scrumptious and the staff friendly, it just seemed a little pricey, even for cc. Maybe the Colorado girl isn't used to the big city prices, but at least the portions were hefty. All in all a fun date spot and I would totally go back! (especially if i'm not paying)Score for ambiance, fail for service. I ordered the fried turkey and duck fat biscuits. Turkey was a little-bit dry and under seasoned. The biscuit was good, and I loved the red currant ginger ale. My husband ordered the braised beef rib--delicious it came with the pumpkin bread pudding. That meal was delicious. This place could work on consistency and pairings but otherwise a fun time.Lively and fun speakeasy atmosphere.
I have been here for cocktails only.  The bartender was helpful, the waitstaff adorably attired (vests!  They make men look so handsome!), and music period appropriate without seeming goofy.If theme bars are your thing, go here.  It's like walking into the early 1900's.
On warmer nights, they throw the doors open and let you sit half on the sidewalk while you sip one of the (many) beers they have to offer.  As far as wait staff go, they know their stuff, and are always willing to recommend the newest and greatest thing they're mixing up behind the bar.
Late weekend nights, they have a band that plays live, and the guys are dressed in vintage suits and hats.  I've never eaten the food, but what I've seen looks good, if a little pricey.The food was good.   Prior to sitting at our table we waited at  the bar-  very strange selection of cocktails with very limited alcohol.   The Bartender filled our glasses less than half full brimming over with extra large ice cubes- very strange.     Drinks are way too expensive to have your glass half empty.Loveeeee. 
From the food, the staff, the service, to the music, the dancers, and the decor... everything about it just created the perfect dining experience.
I think this might just be one of my favorite restaurants in the city.Fav bar in Philly - best drinks and best atmosphere, love the band on the weekend playing the old style music so fun and uniqueI must admit - this review is solely based on the beers I had, dinner reservations are for next week.
The entrance is a bit confusing. There are 3 potential doors that you could try. Only one gets you into the place. The other two make you look silly. The other odd thing is the burlap curtain separating the entrance to the hostess. I could see someone getting tangled up in the curtain ala Kramer on Seinfield.
The bar area is on the smaller side. There are two bars. One specific for delicious, imported beers and the other bar is for people who like mixed drinks. Barrels set up with chairs for seating separates the two bars. Lowly lit with a definite wood motif, a la Fork and Barrel, accentuates the place. Did not get a good peek at the actual dining area.
Beer selection is amazing. It was great to sit down, order a beer that 95% of folks never heard (or could pronounce), and overhear people whose afinity for drinking the same wonderfulness discuss the body of the beers. Beers are expensive, averaging around $9. Bottle selection will make your head spin, as it continues the imported rarities not found in bottle shops. Some bottles will cost you close to $40.
Bartender allows for sampling before you dive head-first, which is good. Place was busy. I could see myself getting immersed in great beer and run up a $150 tab, easily. Self -control is the key.I agree with a lot of the negative criticism the Farmers' Cabinet garners (overly pricey drink menu, food can be a little too eclectic), but I've always had a great time when I came here.
Beers are strong, and the selection is great - especially if you like darker beers.  The live music is great, and the retro decor is a welcome change of pace.
Servers were always friendly, albeit over-the-top at times.  Overall, I think it's a great place to visit, you might experience some sticker shock when it comes to the beer, but they're strong, so be careful.Not sure what I missed, but I can't imagine anyone not giving this place five stars.  I normally agree with Philly food critic Craig LeBan but clearly something is different at Farmer's Cabinet in September and when he visited in June.  I do believe the chef has exited and they are moving to the Restaurant week menu in the coming days (the old menu will not be returning.)  So....let's talk Farmer's Cabinet.
I loved the decor...part wood-laden dance/beer hall, part speakeasy, part hunting lodge...there are two bars in the front with the long dining area stretching down the middle.  There are about 5 or 6 tables for larger parties along one wall but the focal point is the dining room long communal dining table.  I'm not a fan of communal dining so I was a bit taken aback when I was seated, but remember, others want to talk to you as much as you want to talk to them....so don't worry about neighborly conversation about kid's summer camp.
The drinks are amazing - from the cocktail list to the extensive beer list.  There are tons of imported drafts and a load of bottles.  I could seriously sit and drink all night.  The cocktails are inventive and the menu paired a perfect cocktail for each item.  As noted, the restaurant week menu was still in effect when I visited (as its to become the new menu) so I had the roasted corn soup which was out of this world.  Seriously, it was like being slapped in the face with a fresh corn cob...and trust me, that's a good thing.  My wife started with the escargot with whiskey butter, pork cracklins, & orange zest - excellent!
For the mains we had the pan roasted chicken which got the rolled eyes of quality confirmation from my wife and I had the grilled pork chop which was perfectly seasoned and accompanied by cabbage & granny smith apple slaw.  Two great mains.  The desserts were also very good and the price fixe made everything very affordable for the quality & experience ($35/three courses).  I look forward to returning, even if its just for one of their amazing cocktails.  Don't miss a chance to have a drink at this bar even if you go elsewhere to eat.I love it here! I guess for some people it can be a very specific dining experience as it is not your typical cuisine. But you don't just have to come for the food since the music, the beer, and the atmosphere really are amazing too! When I first came here a couple months ago, I got a cocktail and a beer and stayed to enjoy some music. I came back on a (not-so-typical) "slow" Saturday night. It was a post-snow storm rainy night a few weeks ago, but it was still pretty happening in there. We ordered the Chef's charcuterie plate to start along with some good brews. AMAZING! My friend got the venison and I got the stuffed quail.  Seriously, everything was spectacular! Well worth the price, I have to say. And the live band is so entertaining. GREAT date spot. Next time I think I'd settle just for that charcuterie plate and some beer.Went into Farmer's Cabinet for Brunch and was taken at once with the decor and ambience. We got to sit at the far end of the benches right next to the barrels of beer that I'm hoping were full and to be tapped soon.
The Beer list was really good and you can't really beat a 7oz pour of 17.5% beer for brunch. Something to try would be the Lamb Sausage Scramble appetizer that was finished in minutes. Overall, the food was good and would definitely go back for dinner.Pre show cocktails. Great cocktail, beer, and wine menu. Go to the back bar for cocktails, where thy make them (we didn't know and stayed at the front bar, it;s always fun to watch them mix). Prices on the high side, first class ingredients, but small portions.the philly dining scene is pretty legit these days. the farmer's cabinet falls into the trend farm to table meets prohibition style bar space. it was hopping on the friday night we visited so i was glad we made a reservation. we sat in the dining room upstairs which was perfect for our girl catch up dinner. it was much quieter and lower key than the area downstairs near the bar which was very busy and loud with a live band playing for most of the night. 
cocktails are pricey and small. i felt right at home. we got the chef's sampler meat and cheese board which was just ok. i really enjoyed the harder cheese option but dont recall what it was. the pickled veggies were just ok. and the 2 meat selections were awfully similar to one another so i wish the chef would have selected a little more variety. we ordered the tomato soup which was sooo good. and we also got the beef short rib which was delicious! one of the best i've had. but i didn't really enjoy the sides which included a large portion of cooked cabbage. 
i really like that this place is both a chill dinner spot and a happening bar all at the same time. wish prices werent so high but it was worth it.When we first entered I was intrigued. I loved the Decor and music selection. We sat down and eagerly ordered. I chose the rabbit because I'd never had rabbit before. My mother got the quail. My girlfriend ordered the chili and duck perogies. 
The food came out really fast. I'm not sure if it was just sitting around waiting for us but it sure seemed like it. 
Never having had rabbit before I sure hope it doesn't taste like that. It was all rubbery and gross. I could not finish it. So I tried some of my mothers quail. Both were dry and just tasted microwaved. The only thing that was ok was the duck perogies. Even those were not worth the money. 
So after all that we decided to get some desert because I was still hungry. We got the egg cream soda and pumpkin cheese cake. I took a sip of the egg cream soda and I was done. It was awful. I took a few bites of the cheese cake and that was terrible. It was extremely dry. Everything there just tasted like it wasn't fresh. I was extremely disappointed. I will not go there again. $112 and I left there feeling hungry!Food is ok but I love Farmer's Cabinet.....
Looks and FEELS like a real speak easy!!I went back on a sleepy Sunday afternoon and liked the place much better when it was nearly empty. It started to fill up to a comfortable crowd by the time we left. They don't do beer flights, but you can order half-size glasses that allow you to sample a bunch of beers without getting too tipsy. My primary issues with this place are the noise, crowd, and poor service. Going at an off-time alleviates these issues somewhat.My rating applies to the Bar at the Farmers Cabinet as I did not have the opportunity to eat there. 
I went to the Farmers Cabinet in June and since I just opened a Yelp account wanted to make sure that I included a review.
I have never been to a bar as unique as this one.  I went with some colleagues from work while at a conference and at first was wondering what I was getting into.  There was this neat Prohibition Era feel to the place and a funky band playing when we walked in.  Some of the lyrics had a little dirty innuendo which was immediately endearing to me...so I sat!
There was something about the ambiance of this lounge that was extremely authentic.  The drink menu looked like it was printed out by an old school printing press and the drink list was like nothing I've ever seen.  There was a little tray for the bartender containing what could only be described as concoctions or potions for the drinks. 
I had this drink which I called Mothers Milk, really it was that good, but I think they called it Salt of the Earth or something like that.  The bartender was pretty serious about making this drink amazing.  She shook the HELL out of it and I believe that she smacked the ice with a spoon to crack it.  I think that you can really taste that extra effort.  
The drink contained FRESH basil and I didn't think I'd ever had a better drink in my life....until I had their Vodka Sour.  It was sometime after my 3rd mothers milk that I did the swap-over.  I proceeded to order MANY of those Sours which were made with the extreme attention to detail that I described above.  I'm positive that it wasn't my buzz that told me this was the best drink I'd ever had in my life because I went back to this bar each and every night I was at this conference just to make sure!
If I ever am lucky enough to get back to Philly this will be the only place I go.  The drinks were a little pricey but worth every penny.  I'm not a serious drinker but this place could turn me into a lush!I'm writing my review not based on a sit down dinner in the restaurant but on the drinks, social scene and service at the bar.  I have dined in the restaurant in the past and I did like it but that review will have to wait until I have a seat in the restaurant again.
Let me start with the one negative I find about the place.  So glaring that it must be mentioned.  This place is EXPENSIVE and that's probably the one thing that keeps me from committing to a 5 star review.  The pros far outweigh this con and there is a lot to love about this place.
I spent Saturday night with friends at Farmers' Cabinet, it's a place caught up in the current rage of speakeasy style, prohibition era watering holes.  So caught up in the nostalgia of the era is this place that the band playing between the 2 bars at the front of the house sticks strictly to authentic 1920s music.  Things come complete with the musicians dressed in actual '20s garb, playing authentic 1920s instruments with the singer singing into a very old time looking microphone.  These guys are a lot of fun.
There were big crowds at both bars.  One bar is the beer bar and the other is the cocktail bar.  The beer bar is very popular amongst suds connoisseurs and I can tell you that Farmers' Cabinet's beer list takes a back seat to no other beer list in the city and it truly is a sight to behold.  The cocktail bar specializes in high end, handcrafted cocktails usually of a whiskey or bourbon base.  The drinks are made with care and pride and they take a while for the hard at work bartenders to make.  On Saturday night I was lucky enough to have four bourbon old fashions made with care by Mikey The Kid, a young man who takes his position very seriously and just may be the best bartender in Philly.  If you order a drink from Mikey, you will realize that this guy is the real deal and you will realize that you are lucky to have him serving you.
Yes, the Farmers' Cabinet is pricey but it's fun and crowded and the drinks are delicious and savory.  I was happy to go four deep and leave the place shitfaced and happy. Yay, I'm a fan and I will be back!!I made reservations with a lovely lady for Valentine's Day at the Farmer's Cabinet (FC). But being a conscientious lover, I made the reservations through Open Table about 6 days earlier.  FC wasn't listed on there a having a special Valentine's Day menu, and a crafty look-see at the website made no mention either. So it was surprising when I got a voice mail on the 13th confirming my reservation, and alerting me of the "exclusive" Valentine's Day menu.
The price was $65 a person, which combined with the embarrassment of being on a dinner date on Valentine's Day, was almost too much for me to take.  Had I known of the "exclusive" menu with the "exclusive" prices, I probably would have chosen a different spot.
Still, it was pretty good. I had the filet with winter vegetables, and while the steak was cooked nicely, some of the vegetables were a bit undercooked. I like my vegetables like I like my porn - with a soft core.
The waiter we had - a bearded, rather burly man - was quite professional. Very good. And the feel of the place is like a very upscale bar, with the well-known homage to the swinging '20s. 
I'm giving it three stars, with the caveat that I'd like to go back to try the full, more moderately-priced menu. 
My lover, meanwhile, enjoyed the meal very much, noting that it was a good thing, too, because my conversation skills are a tad undercooked. Yea, well.
- Billy BluewaterThis is a preliminary review to be edited upon return.  Space gets five five five.  I LOVED this space.  I think that The Farmers' Cabinet is still working out its new restaurant kinks, and it was very slow.  I will surely chalk this up to a just opened glitch, but I wish everyone there had been a tad more apologetic about how long everything took.
I will definitely return though.  The menu and the venue are definitely worth the return visit.Does Phoebe Esmon ever smile? I don't care how good your drinks are, if you're not pleasant I am not a happy customer. 
Other than that, the male bartenders are great! I went to the Farmer's Cabinet twice in the past week for drinks/beer. I love the atmosphere and the piano player/singer on Tuesday night was awesomet.If you are a foody and want a great gastro/beer experience, get ready to dish out some major $$$ for meager portions of not so creative dishes that are overpriced and nothing special.  I will say that is was not bad at all but for the prices and descriptions on the menu the actual plates were weak.   I could have gone to any of the many gastro pubs in the city and had a similar quality meal with a similar but different beer menu and paid half the amount of money.  I actually wanted to go get a second dinner after we left because i needed redemption and felt like after dropping over 100$ i should be full and satisfied.
I would go back there to get a good and obscure beer but thats about it.  Dinner never again.  
Farmers Cabinet... get over yourself,,,, you could have a great thing goin on. loose the attitude and get real with your prices and get a new chef who can be a little more creative.  
Oh yeah,,, if you charge $9 for a beer you should include the tax OR tell your bartenders not to just round up to nearest dollar after he adds tax to the price on the menu.  
ThanksReally looking forward to our night at the Farmers Cabinet..loved the concept and the beer and cocktail choices.  unfortunately the experience was less than hoped for.  Our first waitress was odd and unresponsive to requests for drink and meal suggestions.  Despite difficulties with our first waitress (apparently we got a new waitress without notice) the appetizers which included a cheese selection were great.  When the meal arrived, another disappointment was when eating my chicken, I found it was raw.  Our new waitress was apologetic and immediately returned it to the kitchen.  The manager quickly came over to apologize and offer a glass of wine.  However, when the newly cooked meal arrived, my husband was done with his meal.  All in all, we loved the concept of this restaurant, and would like to give it a second chance.Great atmosphere - I ate here for my birthday and loved the laid-back, rustic feel.  The drinks were unique and EXCELLENT.  I tried one with ingredients that I loved, but failed to notice that the alcohol in it was whiskey (rye), which I don't really drink.  However, the cocktail was so well made, that I drank it, rye and all!  The burger was fantastic and "bacon jam" is a stroke of genius.  I would also like to send compliments to the cheesemonger for his selections.  Our waitress was a trooper, too, really great service.  Highly recommend for a drink/food at the bar or sit-down, although I would recommend the first floor as it has a little more going on down there.The Farmer's Cabinet is a nice place to go for an after-dinner drink.   The one side of the place is a "beer bar" and the other side is a "cocktail bar" so each side has a different feel to it. You can order anything from either bar though.  
Their beer list is extensive.Beers are pricey at more than $7 each but closer to $10.  They have great cocktails, albeit in the pricey $13 range. Cardamom cocktail? Yes please! Every time we are there they have live music.  The band has been like a 1920's jazz band/big band.  Sometimes it is tough to get a seat, so come early.  
It is really nice when the weather warms up and the open up the front of the place and the seating spills out onto the street.  Gotta love Philly in the summer!  
One caveat is that the bartenders were very ambivalent, ignored us, and acted like they did not care about serving drinks.  It was really annoying, especially for how long we had to wait to get their attention.  I don't mind waiting for a drink if it is busy, or for a carefully crafted cocktail, but it really bothers me to have to wait because the two bartenders are joking around or off to the side talking.  It was equally irritating considering how much the drinks cost!There's nothing I love more than a pretentious cocktail on a Saturday night. Don't lie, you love it too. That's while I'll probably see you here next weekend!
Here's the deal: I really don't care if the seating is uncomfortable. Beauty is pain, my friends. If you haven't learned that yet, I can't help you. The atmosphere is fantastic. Amazing. Sort of a prohibition era, jazz club feel. I want to wear a flapper dress and say dahhhling every 5 minutes. 
Also, the cocktails are #1 certified delightful. Take all the time you need to make it boys, as long as it comes my way tasting like heaven. I can get a gin and tonic anywhere, I enjoy places like this that try to be different.
Come here on date night with your main squeeze, or with a group of ne'er do wells that appreciate a well made drink.In town for a convention, we were having dinner and a couple of libations at Oyster House when a local noticed our affinity for whiskey. 
She highly suggested we walk a few blocks and check out Farmer's Cabinet for the specialty classic cocktails (think 1920s and 1930s era) and speakeasy atmosphere. What a hidden gem!
The staff was super friendly -- and running their tails off, I might add. We joined a small group at a communal table and ordered a few rounds. I'll update my post with the actual cocktail names, because it was late and they were flowing. But the craft and skill used to create them was impressive.
The live music was eclectic but definitely fun. Was it early jazz? Dixieland? Some hybrid? The trumpet, drums, tuba, and piano were a great combo. Had a blast all around.Great experience.....unfortunately I only had some cocktails and small plates rather than dinner here this past Saturday night.  Just loved it.  The staff was so friendly and accomodating even though it was incredibly busy.  Great great music and fabulous atmosphere.  This place is truly unique and extremely well done.  I will go back for dinner....and soon!Do drinks and apps, not dinner!  I had read several poor dinner reviews but didn't listen.  Food was average with super tiny portions.  It was a meal that you would eat on a calorie restricted diet to loose weight and it was just average.  For entrees in the $25+ range, you at least expect amazing food!  FYI, they got rid of the burger and pork sandwich, so all they offer now are the expensive entrees.  Bottom line, we spent a lot of money and went to another bar after to get additional food since we were both still hungry.  Very disappointed.  Will not go back, even for drinks.Onwards. So the drinks are fabulous*. Splurging on a house specialty cocktail (mine was called Raconteurs & Roustabouts, and involved gin, yummyness, and spiced beet soda) is a worthwhile endeavor**. They are carefully crafted, interesting, and feel like a rare experience. I'm really into this housemade cocktail thing that's been happening, and it's happening awesome here (I tried all people's drinks, they were all fabulous). The house beers are also yummy, and fairly priced if you feel a little ill at paying $13 for a cocktail***.
The opening appetizers hit a similarly high note. The pickled plate options are all good choices, with my favorite being the beets with caraway. The marrow involved several marrow filled bone bits (duh, that's what happens) that was silky and marrow-y. We were supposed to kinda be sharing dishes, but I couldn't bear to share my heirloom tomato salad. Etc, etc, etc. 
All that said, I wasn't SUPER impressed with my entree (or anyone else's). There wasn't anything wrong with them, in fact they were delicious. I just think the drinks and appetizers built me up to a place that the entree (I had the quite nicely cooked trout) couldn't follow. Next time I would just have three starters, and eschew an entree.
Now, a note on our server. He was not in top form. There was no asking if we had any questions about the (fairly robust) cocktail, beer, and drink menu. There wasn't a lot of effort put into our questions about the food, he didn't ask if we wanted more drinks before our entrees came (oh hell yes we did) and his descriptions of the desserts bordered on hysterical. BUT, I really think he was having a rough evening, and two zillion other waiters came to ask us how we were doing, so if there had been a real problem I feel as though we were being watched over and would have been taken care of.
The ambiance is great, slightly dark without being gloomy, and lots of wood throughout (want to visit the bar and eat at a barrel!) though NOTE: I didn't see a lot of "chairs with back" options for people who might have some bad spines in their party. As sometimes you might. I'd ask while making a reservation, at any rate (there were some seating options against the wall). People were dressed AWESOME. There were jeans and shirts and bowler hats and ties and some musicians wearing 20s-esque garbs. Fun vibe.
Anyway, good times.
*Okay, so I'm not the pickiest drinker of all time, though I do think I can discern what is AWESOME from what is merely ALCOHOLIC (these drinks were both). However, even my pretty snobby partner thought these were rave-worthy. So I say FABULOUS.
**Warning: The Brother Theodore cocktail, which claims to taste like a firepit. Does. If you want to drink firepit, GO FOR IT. If not, avoid.
***They really are quite exceptional though.I have been trying to get this place for the past year.  I finally made it!!  I enjoyed the decor and decided to sit at the bar.  I liked the old barrel tables, the staff's outfits and the dimly lit environment.  
I was just here for drinks and luckily that's all because they were PRICEY!!  You are definitely paying for the fresh ingredients being used, but geez between me and a friend, our bill was close to $80 with about 2-3 drinks each.  
The raid appears to still looming over the staff and the establishment.  It wasn't crowded and the staff was quick to share the details about the ongoing situation plaguing the bar.  
My suggestions - start out with a drink - if you are on a date...then quickly move along to your next destination.CLOSED!!!!!!!
This deadbeat just got sued for 1.3 million in unpaid bills.My husband and I met some friends here for drinks around 4PM on a Saturday afternoon. We had the bar area to ourselves and great service. I loved the atmosphere. The bar is really beautiful and charming. 
My husband is a beer connoisseur, and he was really impressed with the selection. Farmer's Cabinet has a very interesting and unique beer list, and they have something of a private label - beers that are brewed specifically for the restaurant at a brewery in Alexandria, VA. The waiter was very patient while we agonized over all the choices and brought us several samples. 
In the end everyone else ordered beer, but I decided I wanted something girly, sweet, and unexpected, so I asked for a champagne cocktail, any champagne cocktail, inviting a bit of creativity from the bartender. She made me a French 75. It was a good drink, but not really outside the box.Despite having to endure the occasionally immature and overbearing conversations by fellow beer hall patrons, TFC has a great thing going here.  Food, drink, and atmosphere are all on point, and it's their attention to the little things that pushes TFC into heavily favored status.  First an foremost, this may be the most unique beer list in Phila.  About 20-plus uncommon drafts from Italy, Denmark, Scandinavia, and beyond.  Really well-made cocktails that will make you forget which century it is.  Foodwise, I've only snacked on their small plates so far, but fully intend to have dinner in 'The Green Room" soon.  Fondue was excellent, house-baked breads almost brought a tear to the eye, diverse and unusual cheese and dried meat selections (and generaous portions compared with other places offering similar fare), and tasty pickled items.   To top it all off, TFC offered the piece de resistance to kick off Philly Beer Week 2011:  25 Mikkellers on tap!   Woot!I have been to farmers cabinet more times then I can count.. 
Everything is great here!!!!
They change their menu seasonally, so in the winter the Elk is my favorite, so be sure to check out the changes before you go.  They also serve a late night menu.
They have everything from beer, to punch, to fancy cocktails. for all price ranges. the cocktails are pretty much 10 to 13 a piece. 
The atmosphere is amazing and fun yet in the back there is still room for a fancy. romantic dinner for too. The theme is prohibition and on the weekends then normally have a band singing older but fun songs- think broadwalk empire.   In the summer they open up the doors and have barrel seating. Also the waiters and servers and very into the theme was well
I fell in love with Farmers cabinet the first weekend they opened 2 years ago.. They have been consistent always promise me a good time. The hard part is walking out not tipsy! if you do there is a Wendys next door as well.. :)I adored this place based on one visit alone.  We were strolling the city late on a weeknight, trying to find drinks, grub and an outdoor table.  Talula's Garden was closed and we were walking in the general direction of El Vez when we stumbled upon Farmer's Cabinet.  There was a lone wine barrel table nestled just outside the window, it became ours.  OK, so a barrel with backless barstools is not conducive to ladies in skirts and heels lounging and drinking.  :)  The seats were highly uncomfortable but an otherwise wonderful experience made up for it.  Our server was perfect, she anticipated absolutely everything we could have needed and paid plenty of attention to our table even though we were kinda out of the way of her other tables.  She was friendly and quick, a total delight.  We then proceeded to order entirely too many dishes to fit on the barrel: a punchbowl with two glasses, supplementary cocktails, desserts, pretzels (though they were out), a caesar salad and I believe an artichoke dip with root vegetable chips, though my memory starts failing me there so that last dish may or may not be totally inaccurate.  Everything was awesome.  We didn't spend much time inside, but the interior looked absolutely gorgeous.  I can't wait to go back for a full dinner!I FINALLY found a chill spot that reminds me of bars in Italy/Spain....and its in fuckin Philly?!  
Dark, beautiful interior, totally classy, tons and tons of beer/wine/cocktail options. Servers are all decked-out.
I really like the empty wine barrels used as tables...love it. 
There were french couples speaking in french next to my table!  You know its a legit spot when these foreigners are comfortable speaking in their foreign tongues all up in here.
Get ya game up NYC!  Philly is kickin ya butt.It s really hard for me to give a rating..I d like to give 4 stars for restaurant's decorations and the atmosphere, but I think the foods truly worth 3 stars only..
The restaurant is fabulous in a colonial way. It s like a middle level fancy restaurant in 18th century..candles on the table.. Oil paintings on the wall..
The menu is not long..we tried 2 appetizer, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts..only the desserts are not bad..
Appetizers:
1.cheese and cold-cut plate
It s fresh and homemade..but tastings were either too much or not enough..
2. Beet salad
Should have a little bit more vinegar
Entree:
1. Bones and surf
Bone literally means a bone..I guess the chef intends to use a pig bone to enhance the tasting, but it didn't work well..fishy smell was obvious..
2. Loin 
It s unique to serve loin, but the tasting was too ordinary..I have to say..if I make a teriyaki loin dish, it is probably better..
Desserts:
Banana pudding and Hazelnut bread...
Not bad...
If you d like to find a quiet and fabulous place to hang out and chat with friends..it s not a bad choice..
Not a smart choice for dinner~I stumbled across this place last Wednesday night.  How have I never heard of this place???  It's a REALLY large space, and out front they have barrels as tables for outside seating.  I love this so much that it makes up for the fact that they are really awkward to sit at for very long.  After an hour we moved inside to a more comfortable table and they were very accomodating to our high-maintenance needs.  
We only came for drinks, but the beer list IS expensive.  I know this is a beer place, but i was feeling like cocktails & wine.  They only have one white and one red - so I was expecting something below average but it was a nice sauv blanc.  Ordered a cocktail as well - the pineapple tequila-y one and it was delicious as well.  
Our waiter was awesome as well - he literally chased us 2 blocks to bring my friend her leftovers.  Extra star for that!  
I will be back for many many delicious beers.Do you wear argyle sweaters as an ironic statement?  Are you hip?  Are you a little boorish and from Jersey?  Are you kind of approaching -- okay, well, a little past, middle age but kid yourself that you're trendy.  Then you will feel right at home here.
In short, the tap was mediocre.  The food was bland and overpriced.  And the service was substandard.  Other than that, it was great.  LOL.  Two stars is generous.  
The tap?  Euro craft beers.  Meh.  Craft beers from Europe are just like craft beers from America.  Not impressed.  I'd be more impressed with traditional regional beers from Europe than craft beers.  English craft IPAs taste a hell of a lot like US craft IPAs.  And room temperature beers should not be served in a glass HOT from the dishwasher.  A 65 degree beer is okay.  An 80 degree beer is not.  Just saying.  (And when I ask for a cool glass to replace the hot one, you really shouldn't pour my beer into a new glass, but should serve me a fresh one, okay? I'm being polite, in asking for a not-hot glass.  You should know better.)  
The food?  The bread basket was fantastic.  Absolutely wonderful bread and butter.  Best course we had.  The cheeses were nice, as were the pickles.  But pate shouldn't be cold.  And it should taste like something.  It had no taste -- less flavor than Oscar Meyer baloney.  The mustard that went on it was great.  The rib eye was  flavorless, notwithstanding the $28 price.  (It's possible that neither my wife's nor my taste buds were working tonight, but it's unlikely.)  The lamb did taste like lamb but the real star on the plate was the barley, which was super tasty.   
The service?  It's bench seating where parties are seated  together along a long table.  Fair enough.  A couple of beers into the experience could be real interesting to start chatting with the stranger next to you.  But we shouldn't be left seated at a table for 15 minutes before a waiter shows up to ask if we'd like a drink.  We should not have to ask for plates once the bread basket arrives.  We should not have to ask for silverware for the entree, when the bus-person has cleared my tableware after the appetizer.
All in all, that's $137.84 (incl. tax but not tip -- and yes, I left 20% bc I'm a chump) that I'll never see again.I went to the Farmers' Cabinet for restaurant week. I really liked the ambience/decor. Everyone was really friendly and attentive, and all three courses were delicious! I will definitely return again soon.The restaurant week menu was delicious, especially the fluke entre.  The decor is also pretty fun, and from the old-timey wallpaper to the handlebar mustaches on the waiters.First off, I'd come back just for the decor - it's amazing!  I adore all the hanging tealights in jars, the cheese counter, the barrels to stand around...the decorator went all out, and did an phenomenal job.  I felt instantly transported from the second I walked in until the second I walked out and went back to being in Philly.
Now for the food - we came for restaurant week, and I started with the Bavarian pretzel, which was huge (definitely the way to go if you're hungry) and delicious.  It was soft and buttery and had the perfect amount of salt - everything you'd want in a pretzel.  It came with mustard and house-made ranch - while I appreciated that the ranch was house-made, it was too subtle for my tastes - ranch needs to be bursting with flavor. 
For my main course, I had the Lancaster Roasted Chicken, which (just like the pretzel) was everything you could want in chicken - super moist, and flavorful throughout.  It came with a puree of Yukon Gold potatoes and French beans, both of which were also delicious. 
Unfortunately, the meal fell down at dessert - I was very disappointed with my bread pudding.  It was very dry, and the only sauce was a small dash across the plate.  The very fact that it was served on a plate was all wrong - bread pudding should be served in a bowl, with lots of sauce.  It was missing the moistness and creaminess that is key to bread pudding and basically tasted like a dried out cinnamon roll.  
Although dessert was a let-down I'll definitely go back for appetizers/main courses, and just walk down the block to Capagiro for dessert. =)I liked the decor and theme, but food was a little overpriced.  Great drink selection and very attentive and knowledgeable waitstaff.Startlingly uneven reviews for this one.  
We came for the food and the music (hot jazz) and we loved both.  The bench seating, while in keeping with the rustic farm theme is cute--but not the most comfortable.  We're surprised that others didn't like the food.  We shared a brie to start--terrific presentation with figs.  My wife had the beet salad and pronounced it the best she'd ever had.  I had  a summer salad based on a generous portion of perfect heirloom tomatoes.  For entree's my wife had soft shell crab and immediately began talking about returning so she could have them again--she tends to get stuck on favorites.  I had the pork tenderloin and thought it was flavorful and perfectly prepared.  There was no starch on the plate which suited my low carb self just fine.  Dessert -- a kind of mini pear pie served in a skillet (I skipped the shell) was just so-so. They ended with a piece of homemade fudge, flavored with orange--should have skipped it--good but not worth the sugar.
The service was attentive and knowledgeable--though we're not the sort to ask for essays on the contributing farms--c'mon guys, unless you're asking because your interested in buying from the farms yourself, it's an affectation-and that's a conversation for the owner or chef, not the waitstaff--they have work to do.
The jazz was superior.  It's not our favorite style (think Django), but the very high quality of the musicianship took it way past what we usually expect from groups that play this flavor of the old stuff.
The place makes a big deal about the cocktails--they go with the 20s jazz, but not really the farm theme.  It does seem that there's some conceptual dissonance here--would F.Scott and Zelda really have appreciated the bench seating? But we're not cocktail folk--we had a bottle of  Prosecco.  The variety on the list was drier than most--we liked it.
Some day folks will wake up and realize that Philly's live music scene has snuck up on them.  As things stand, our musicians are better than our audiences who tend to take the music for granted.  Kudos to Farmers' Cabinet for showcasing the music.The most exciting new restaurant to open since Barbuzzo.
The beer list is absolutely out of control.  No matter how much of a beer geek or know-it-all you are, the bartenders will fix you up with some more exclusive, smaller-production, more limited-edition, hipper (or hoppier) than your old favorite.  You won't find beers like these unless you go backpacking through Europe.  To sweeten the pot, they're available in half pours and full pours.  The problem is remembering what you've drunk after you've gotten drunk.    
Kudos to the bar/waitstaff--Probably the most knowledgeable restaurant staff I've encountered in Philadelphia.  This is one of those places where you're definitely going to have questions, no matter how much you think you know about food and drink.  
There are a long list of reasons to visit the Farmers' Cabinet.  The ambiance is great, from the taxidermy and reclaimed wood to the soundtrack of 30s and 40s jazz/blues.  You walk in a feel like you're in a New Orleans speakeasy.  This is a good place to meet up with friends as it is a very large space.  Conversely, it's a good place to hide in a dark corner with a date or on a solo mission post-work.
I ate sweetbreads and escargots and both dishes were fantastic.  I was offered some homemade bread which was great as well.  The dessert menu looks off the chain.  Can't wait to go back.  Nice work, FC!I stopped in here with a couple friends for a late lunch. It was a little different than what we were looking for but it was still good. The inside is cool, dark and very country-ish. The bar tables were barrels and stools, the dining area was long tables with benches. The sandwiches and burgers were pretty good and the drinks were even better (taste wise, they were still pretty expensive). This place was good probably for just some drinks to start the night but I enjoyed it.I am in love with this place. Everything from the atmosphere to the beer to the food to the service was phenomenal.
Atmosphere: Very cozy.  Love the hanging mason jars with tea candles in it.  Gives the place a great ambience (even during the middle of a sunny day).  You can really understand while it's called the farmer's cabinet with things like wild turkeys hanging on the wall.  I spent a semester of college living in Spain and this bar reminds me of somewhere you would find in Spain.
Beer:  My friend and I were a little disappointed that the first not one, not two, but three beers had all recently kicked.  Update your menu or tell us when we sit down please?  BUT it ended up being okay.  They were more than pleasant about the situation and gave us some free delicious cheese to make up for it.  I got the Scandinavia  haandbryggeriet fyr og flamme and it was maybe the best beer I've ever drank.  My friend got a stout and spoke just as highly of us.  
Food:  The menu is really small.  We got a cheese plate.  It was outstanding.  You might as well spend the extra $5 and do 3 for $15 rather than one for 10.  
My only gripe with this place is that I'm not sold on the people who were hanging out at the bar.  Maybe I was there on an off day but it seemed a little bit stuffy.  I also wish it wasn't so outlandishly priced.  I know we're in center city but c'mon.  $40 for some beer and cheese for 2 is excessive.came for casual lunch. amazing space & food. returning for their live jazz tonight. other places in philly need to step up their game.I went on the inaugural night of beer week for the Mikkeller Draft Night.  My friend and I sat at the smaller bar, and we were able to get service right away.
I enjoyed watching the bartenders mix drinks.  This place definitely gives The Franklin a run for it money.  
I had a limoncello beer that was very interesting, kind of like a shandy, but not as sweet.  I loved the dark atmosphere, and I will be back to try some food.The waitstaff were fantastic, the drinks menu was profuse and it was certainly an experience, just not my kind of experience...at all. There are beer bottles on one wall, and deer heads and pelts on the other with long communal wooden tables. The food (I had the duck, my partner had the lamb, and we shared the pat for starters) comes in those chic tiny, tiny portions for the price of an entire grocery shop and, in my opinion, it was nothing incredibly special - it was good, just not, "Wow!" and not filling. Furthermore, the drinks were a little too creative for my liking; cocktails designed to taste like beer, for example. I suppose if you have a wheat allergy, this might be appealing, but I'd sooner buy a beer. I'd much rather go to a pub, like Eulogy, than pay through the nose and leave hungry going here. My griping comes from the pricing and portion size without exceptional quality, and atmosphere, so if the cost doesn't matter to you and the idea of dining hunter's lodge style sounds like your idea of a good time, I imagine you'll like this place.
*EDIT* Since I wrote the above, the manager has assured me that small portion sizes are not the norm, so maybe the "chic tiny, tiny" isn't generally applicable here. Also, I feel the need to reiterate that we went for dinner, not drinks, and happened to try a couple drinks that were fine, but nothing special. However, the drinks menu at Farmer's Cabinet is truly profuse & unique: I'm sure there is a drink for everybody. Given the pricing, I'm unlikely to return, but if I were to, I would definitely take some time to familiarize myself with their menus on the website beforehand.This is a unique, craft beer place. The beer on tap is largely from Europe... as are the bottles available, so fans of IPAs may not find happiness here. The beers are pricy, but for the beer fans, worth stopping by for a sample as this style of bar will have no peer in Philadelphia.  
PS:  in the fairness of full disclosure, I am a west coast IPA fan, so I could not give them a 5, despite their unique value to the beer lovers ecosystem.I, like a few other reviewers, was more annoyed than impressed by this place and am befuddled by the overwhelmingly positive response it has gotten here.
Farmer's Cabinet is more form than substance. If you believe that the place from which to procure good beer is Scandinavia (known for pickled fish, not beer) and that it is best served in six ounce glasses for eight dollars, then you have found your spot. If, however, you drink beer from places that make great beer, and prefer it to be served in adequate portions at reasonable prices, then you MUST avoid this place at all costs.
The best thing I can say for the servers is that they are attractive, young people. Their knowledge? Meh. Their willingness to accommodate? Meh. Their ability to be condescending? Good! (When I asked if they served any beer in a pint glass, I was told that most of their beers are European and Europeans don't drink beer in pint glasses. When I said I had been to Europe, and... I was cut off by the server who then said, "Oh, so you know this.") 
The place is beautiful. A beautiful firetrap, as everything is lit by candles.
I didn't (nor will I ever) try the food. I prefer plates to the overly contrived wood planks or pieces of slate or whatever affected notion of unique presentation these guys have come up with.
But if you crave milieu and ambiance to quality and value, you will like this place.  It's mostly smoke and mirrors, form not substance. And just not worth the price or my time.I really, really wished I liked the food here more, but unfortunately I don't.  It's a bummer too, because everything else was awesome.  The decor is really cool and the waitstaff  super nice and helpful.  I went during Restaurant Week so the menu was limited.  For my app I had the sweetbreads.  I had never eaten sweetbreads before, but they always looked delicious on Top Chef so I was excited to try it for the first time... not what I was expecting at all.  I can't really say it tasted bad because I don't know what it's supposed to taste like.  For the entree I had the butternut squash ravioli with the goat ragu/stew.  I expected more cheese in the ravioli but all I could taste was the squash puree which made it a little sweet for me.  For dessert I selected the pumpkin cheesecake and I could barely figure out what I was eating.  I couldn't tell where the crust ended and the filling began.  I should've had the bread pudding.  I'm glad I went during restaurant week because if I would've paid the regular price for the same selections I would've been a little upset.  Better luck next time I guess.  Get the bread pudding!Went to Farmer's Cabinet for a late night drink. Felt like I went 100 years back in time. Very unique atmosphere.. very cool layout and theme. Drinks were good. Definitely need to head back there. If you want a unique experience.. I recommend checking this place out.So many good things to say...  I don't know where to start!  This place has only been open for a week; I know they're still working out the kinks, but I'm already in love.
The venue is beautiful.  Large and open, yet cozy because of the farm-style decor and candle lighting.  Wood floors.  Handpainted wood signs listing the beers on tap.  Candle light on each table and overhead (flickering candles inside mason jars).  The tables in the bar area were wine barrels surrounded by stools.  They were cute and set the scene.     Perfectly fine if you're just socializing and drinking, but very uncomfortable for eating.
We had several cocktails.  Each was fantastic.  Highly recommend the Walnut Street Shuffle.  We LOVED the beers!  But I won't comment on them since the drafts we tried won't be available when anyone reading this visits the Farmer's Cabinet.  
We were only there to snack and drink, so we ordered the oysters and smoked tofu.  The oysters were amazing!  Panko breadcrumbs added flavor and for anyone who's squeemish about oysters, they make the texture much more pleasant.  The smoked tofu was good, but bland.  We chatted with the server and suggested they serve it warm.  In the grand scheme of things, I was just happy to find a vegan entree!  :-)
As a side note, we loved the background music!It's like a prohibition era speakeasy, dark and dim, and a little difficult to find despite being right on walnut street.  The overall decor is beautifully done.  The menu is like a book...I don't really like reading that much when I'm trying to figure out what to drink.  The most excellent flip side to that is that the bartenders here are knowledgeable, friendly (for the most part), and very willing to share their recommendations or creations.  I like the fact that there are two bars, one for beer and one for liquor, but think it slows down the service.I was indecisively torn between 3 and 4 stars for the Farmer's Cabinet.  
Entering the restaurant we were bombarded with a lodge-like feel accompanied with saloon music blaring from the piano.  The atmosphere seemed a bit disjointed but basically comfortable and semi-casual.
The beer selection was plentiful and peppered with a nice mix of interesting brews that would be difficult to match elsewhere.  For draft beers, you could choose between 7oz and 9oz pours.  
Appetizers were creative and there were a number of interesting artisanal cheese and cured meat options.  We ordered a cheese sampler which was perfectly portioned and provided a range of flavors from a strong blue to a subtly flavored but complex cows milk cheese.  The plate was nicely accompanied with figs and toast.   
Main courses included a range of options for most tastes, including a nice selection of game.  My dining partner ordered a buffalo short rib that had a very caveman like presentation with succulent rib meat falling off the bone, accompanied by mashed potatoes and a slaw.  I ordered elk tenderloin which was served with dijon mashed potatoes, foie gras and wild mushrooms.  The elk was cooked and seasoned perfectly though (thankfully) less done than the medium rare I ordered.  The foie gras was over cooked and the dijon mustard was a bit overwhelming unless eaten in unison with the elk.  
The staff did a fantastic job working together and was very attentive. 
All-in-all this was a tasty meal and would have been a standout with a little better execution on the atmosphere and overly bold statements made from the side dishes.JG domestic meets Dandelion. Large space divided into three sections: small bar area, large room of communal tables, and another large room with regular seating. 
Drinks:
Excellent European-only draft list. $4-5 for 7oz and $8-9 for 11oz pour. They willingly offered small tastes for free which is a huge plus.
Wines by the glass: only one of each
Great cocktail selection
Food:
Excellent breads.
Pretzel was phenomenal, fondue was good, tomato soup, pea shoot salad, duck sandwich, and apple blackberry tart were fair/good, sweatbreads with tuna was bad- overcooked sweatbreads that were fried and not crispy, tuna was sliced too thin to maintain any flavor surrounded by the other strong flavors on the plate.  This was served over "pickled turnips" which looked and tasted more like microwaved fennel harvested from the Japanese nuclear reactor. Overall, though food was solid with a number of small plate or large plate options.
Service: 
Surprisingly good for only being open 9 days.  A few hiccups-- forgot spoons with soup, charged more for beer than menu price, gave us a wet side plate then wiped it dry in front of us with dirty dish rag, served dripping wet duck sandwich on slate without walls so juice could flood table.
Overall, $84 for two people with a decent amount of food (only one beer). Will likely return, but not blown away. Nice addition to the areaOk, 
      I was in town with a big party for a birthday.  My friend told me were going to this place and that was all good.  The dude knows food and he knows philly.  Anyway, we sat down and that is when things started going bad.  
     Now, the interior was cool.  I actually liked the decor, it fit the mood and there were some really unique settings.  The service on the other hand..... Terrible.  Not in the sense that they were overrun, which they were.  The guy that was serving us was massively slow.  Slow like the movement of the tectonic plates.  
Examples - 
drink - 30 to 40 min
appetizer - 40 min 
food - well over an hour.  
I mean, you would sober up between drinks.  Add to that the fact that this guy was clearly annoyed with us and it makes for a long night.  
Now, I can forgive a lot because of my love of eating.  I actually spent a more than a month eating MREs in Iraq and enjoyed them.   The thing is though, you expect those to suck, and there free.  This food was expected to be excellent, and it was FAR from free.  
1. Deviled eggs - THREE deviled eggs!!!   Three!!!!!   This is America!!!!  When I spend 10 bucks on an appetizer my primitive brain does the calculation of how much cash per item.  Then I size up the people around me to see if they can defeat me should competition for the item become necessary.  In this case, THREE eggs.  actually, three 1/2 eggs.  that's over three bucks per egg 1/2.  Thank God they were less appealing than my uncles deviled eggs (he never could cook) or blood would have been spilt in an effort to secure a sliver of egg.  
2. Charcuterie Board  -  Again, I am all about themed places, but just because it's a depression era theme does not mean we get depression ear portions.  I mean, if your going to take your kids on a pirate themed vacation, you don't expect to be served gruel and grog then loose 1/2 your family to scurvy.    Damn, you could see through the slivers of meat.   The cheese was pretty good, but again, your competing for a chunk the size of the tip of my pinky.  Not good.  
3. Deep fried turkey and Duck Butter buns - WOW, this jumped off the menu and into my heart.  When it arrived, my heart was left a blackened shell.  I may never love turkey again.  The amount was less than a small bag of beef jerky, and considerably dryer.  The bun that was supposed to be moist and succulent, was like particle board.  The best thing was the pickle.  
4. Dessert - Turns out our experience was so bad the manager comped desert and the meals.  Thing is, they ended up charging us (or trying) for desert and the desert and it was terrible.  I won't go too deeply into it, as my hands are tired, but I think it is safe to say that the kitchen is totally out of butter or the food must traverse an area of zero humidity to get to us.  Dry dry dry.  
Anyway, the management seems aware of the issues.  Management has changed and they seemed sincere about fixing  things.  I really hope they do, but there would seem to be a lot to fix.Very strange experience at The Farmers' Cabinet. We went on a Saturday night after seeing so many other nearby places were packed, many with the hordes of folks doing the Saint Patrick's Day weekend pub crawls. Don't know if that had the hostesses here wary of those coming in without a reservation, but for some strange reason they seemed to have to look at one another, make a decision that our beadless, leprechaun hatless, nary-a-green-t-shirt-between-us party of four (and more, ahem, MATURE that the average pub crawler) were worth of being seated. After the pause, the look, and their "peek" at a book or seating chart or something hidden at the hosting station, they granted us access to the inner sanctum of the back part of the place. There we found that it certainly wasn't a matter of it being crowded, as only another table or two was  occupied.
We were then given the great honor of being served by one of the most snarky waitresses I've had the displeasure of ever coming across. Hmmmm... perhaps the hostesses were evaluating if we were tough enough to withstand the ministrations of young Miss Snarky! Well, being that I'm a widower and the three ladies with me were widows, I'd say we can handle tough stuff! Young Miss Snarky got off to a swimmingly spectacular start by explaining the menu and then stating to one of our party that if the small plates order she made wasn't sufficient, "it's not may fault if you're still hungry!" An attempt at humor? Perhaps. I have to say that the waitress was pretty efficient throughout our experience there, and even returned the credit card that one of our party who paid left in the cigar box in which they present the check, However, there was an air of disinterest and attitude that oozed from her consistently.
The food: The mushroom salad I had was what saved this review from being a single star. It was plain and simple delicious. Topped by a bacon vinaigrette and quail egg, it was yumminess through-and-through. The parsnip country tots were - to my distinct surprise - four gargantuan tots of 3-4 bites each. The parsnip was overpowering and the prosciutto was entirely lost. Subpar for certain, and the two other party members who tried them agreed with that assessment. One of the ladies ordered the roasted cauliflower and apple soup, which was a disappointment. She gave me a try, and I found it quite bland. Another party member had the Bavarian pretzel, which she enjoyed despite it's small portion size. The fourth had the beet salad, and had no complaints. The beer selection was relatively limited but had some decent choices.
Farm to table is a great thing, and many places do it quite well. It would thus serve a place such as Farmers' Cabinet well to have staff who are more professional and interested in their patrons.Horrible service.
Wouldn't even let me go back inside to grab my bag before they changed the locks. 
I just hope that it doesn't get thrown out during the summer cleaning.Disappointing...although the beer list was incredible, the food was disappointing.
I had the pork shoulder sandwich with blackberry BBQ sauce.  I was so excited about it...until it came and I took a bite. It was bland and dry - and on a processed hamburger bun (I expected better just because of the name Farmer's Cabinet!). Needless to say, I'm a terrible cook and probably could have made a better pork sandwich myself. The fries were bland too.
One of my friends had the pan seared hake.  She said it was salty and full of little bones.  She actually almost choked on one of those little bones.  Another had the chicken and said it was also quite salty. The only happy eater had the scallops and a field green salad.
My overall thoughts: I'll go back for some good beers but not to eat!I've only been once but it was fantastic! We got the oddest of meats, which was the main attraction of the place. We got rabbit, duck and venison. The venison was incredibly tender. They had a brie mousse dessert which was delicate and absolutely delicious.If this were a bar review, it'd easily be 4 stars (potentially 4.5 if the prices were more reasonable).  But as a restaurant, I can do no better than 2 stars.  
Didn't review my first experience there (2.5 hours! for crown of veal), as I figured it was a growing pain issue.  2 months later...
The highlights: atmosphere. Beer and cocktails.  Pickled mushrooms.  Cheese. Short rib burger patty.
The lowlights: pricing (the value simply is not there, especially given execution).  Pickled everything else.  Dense, dry, bland sourdough apricot "biscuit." Open faced "sandwich" of fried quail (sure, it was obvious that quail would not be sans skeleton, but I was curious how they'd treat it as a sandwich) served with jam (bad touch) and boring bread.  Everything else about the burger: dense, dry, bland roll (trend with the bread), served with jam (another trend). Watery peeky toe crab roll served with a mealy tomato not of listed heirloom quality.  Chemical tasting smoked duck "ham." 
Whoever's cabinet we are raiding has different taste than my own; I'll be skipping the kitchen prepped food here on out.  But I will return to hit the bar for drinks and cheese.  It is a really cool bar, after all, with a great beer selection.  And when the house beers start to flow, watch out!i've been to this place a few times, but have yet to actually eat anything other then the pretzels. which let me just say are AMAZING. the only reason we ended up getting the pretzels was because the bartender spilled a glass of water on my friend. however, his adorable smile made up for the spill plenty! 
the drinks are delish and they have a great assortment of beers. {especially at the moment} i highly recommend the Weyerbacher Imperial Pumpkin Ale. it taste like a yummy piece of pumpkin pie! 
the atmosphere is really cool and jazzy.Stopped in with a few friends on Wednesday for Sips / Happy hr.  The beer list is excellent and not too badly priced (1/2 off drafts for happy hour).  The service was friendly.  It got very crowded - the atmosphere had a fun, young vibe.  Get there early if you want a spot at the bar!It really is interesting how people seem to LOVE this place or HATE it.  Unfortunately I am on the negative side of spectrum.  
I really wanted to like The Farmer's Cabinet as I read so many great twitter reviews prior to our visit.  I did quite enjoy the food.  We had the spare ribs and the rabbit two ways.  Both were really good (except the slates they came out on were just plain silly!).
I hated the communal table we were seated at for dinner.  The people that they sat next to us were so close they made the joke "Sorry we're late" to us as they sat down.  There was a space 2 seats away that would've put some space between us but of course the hostess didn't put them there.  It's just awkward!
I am not really a "beer person."  I'm a lager or stella drinker.  My boyfriend is a guinness or lager person.  Boyfriend asked for lager after they advised they didn't have guinness, was told they didn't carry domestics.  He tried to then just order a Jameson and ginger ale to which the reply was they didn't really have Jameson or any Irish whiskey, that they only really carried what was used to make their specialty cocktails.  I picked something out for him but it was too hoppy (my fault!) for him and it took quite a while to get to him (I had my drink for quite a few minutes before he got his).  The best part was we were joking about how they probably couldn't find the beer b/c they had some many varieties only to glance over at the bar to see 2 bartenders with flashlights looking at bottles. I did partake in the Walnut Street Shuffle cocktail made with St Germain (one of my fave liqueurs) and that was glorious!  But I would say overpriced for the size.
So I would say go for the food and hope you get seated at one of the barrel tables!This could be my new favorite place for good beer, late night snacks, or an indulgent dinner. It's definitely evident that the owners are also behind Fork and Barrel, as the menu, beverages and atmosphere are very similar. The space is huge for a Walnut street spot and I love the interior. Like Fork and Barrel, it has that dark, rustic, antique vibe, complete with giant wooden barrels used as tables in the bar area.
I sat with some friends at the bar for some drinks and snacks. Apparently there are two bars, one has the beer and one has the cocktails, which must be a huge pain in the ass for the bartenders, since they have to run back and forth to fetch the different types of beverages from the other bar. The impressive beer list features European imports. I consider myself a very knowledgeable beer drinker with good taste and I have to admit I haven't even heard of most of these beers. Throughout the 6 hours I spent  indulging myself in food, beer and good conversation, I got to try several delicious beers and cocktails. Thank you Farmer's Cabinet for introducing me to the Mahr's Weisse Bock, the Brewdog Tokyo and Chartreuese liquor!
For food, I had the salt potatoes and the sweetbreads with tuna. The sweetbreads were good, but not exceptional. The potatoes were very delicious and I am in love with the brown butter emulsion that accompanies them. Bonus points for the food presentation. I love how they use a slab of stone as a plate and a mason jar for the potatoes. I can't wait to come back and try more of the menu.
The only negatives so far...drinks are pricy. If you have a high alcohol tolerance and love to try new beer like I do, you will end up spending MUCHO DINERO on drinks alone. 
The bartenders, although they had great personalities, seemed a bit slow in terms of service, but that could be due to it being a new restaurant.
IWhat a neat spot! Although it gets loud later in the evening, as any other bar, it's got a certain taste and class to it that other bar-type spots lack. 
Went there for dinner on a Saturday night and ended up hanging out at the bar for drinks by the live music afterward...I'd give the food a 3.5 (details below), ambiance a 5 (quite new and interesting), and the service an impeccable 5!
let me recap the evening: 
DINING: roasted barley seeds for the table! yes, go ahead, it's edible! 
APPETIZERS: 
crab and lobster ceviche soup---I'm sure I would have liked the ceviche without the broth that they pour on top, which was pretty bland and also lukewarm. Not a very tasty soup. Skip it. 
crispy sweetbreads & tuna crudo---whoever knew I'd be eating pancreas that evening! Reminded me of a blend between tofu and a chicken mcnugget...i know, it sounds gross, but it was a lot tastier than either of those two comparisons. If you feel like venturing out, I'd certainly give it a try! 
SANDWICHES: 
open-face quail--be prepared to get a whole, fried quail on top of a piece of bread. Not my type of dish but my friend enjoyed it a lot.
short-rib burger---yum! simple, and tasty. Not overwhelmingly big or layered up with all kinds of toppings. It was all about the meat. the bit of cheese and bacon jam was all that it needed! 
ENTREE: 
Elk---again, if you feel like venturing out, this is a good dish. Very tender and juicy meat, good size as well, served on top of mashed potatoes...don't expect super creamy, buttery mashed potatoes...think simple but tasty mashed potatoes. 
DESSERT: 
banana fritters--GET IT! served with walnuts, strawberries, and whip cream...every component is essential and every bite delicious! 
phylo ice cream sandwich---Meh, there was supposed to be sufficient pistachio ice cream to make this a sandwhich but it was primarily two big pieces of phylo dough on top of each other. I opened up the "sandwich" to see the whereabouts of the ice cream. There was barely anything, so I requested more ice cream, which they gladly brought out. IT is very home-made ice cream, not creamy or sugary, but rather dry and grainy. It was interesting but not my favorite. I wouldn't recommend this dessert---it is too much phylo dough (dry and tasteless), and not enough ice cream (which is also pretty dry and kinda tasteless). 
Stick around for the live band, and try out their beers! You'll really get a feel for the bar ambiance!Went on a Friday, they had an amazing 30's jazz band playing.  Ambiance was amazing, I felt transported back in time.  I didn't recognize a single beer on the draught list, which was refreshing.  There's a separate cocktail bar where I had an amazing rye whiskey drink.  Staff was super friendly, and everyone there seemed to be having a great time.  At $9 a beer it's pricey, but definitely a must see!Awesome experience! I had made reservations through Open Table, and was running a bit late. Called ahead to explain and they held the table (on a Saturday night, a lot of places wouldn't have). The server was very attentive, the drinks (enjoyed both cocktails and drinks from the lengthy beer list) were great and the food was delicious. Loved the overall atmosphere as well. Will definitely visit again!I just ate here for the first time this past Saturday with friends.
I ordered the Braised Venison Shank, my one buddy ordered the rabbit , and my third friend ordered the Steak.
While my meal was good, it was hard to enjoy because of how hot it was.
They had opened the doors to the restaurant rather than putting on the air conditioner.
This may not have been too bad, but there were no ceiling fans.
As a result, it was extremely hot and stuffy.
While I try not to let the environment influence how I enjoy a meal, the heat and the stuffiness made for a very uncomfortable meal.
If this is how it's always going to be in the summer, you may want to ask ahead of time if the air conditioning is on.
If not, you're in for a very hot, stuffy, meal.
The food was good and our server was friendly, which is why this review is for 2 stars vs. just one.
But if you have issues with heat, this may not be the place you want to hit in the summertime.Arranged artistically and ales are amorous.  5 stars
I feel the experience here could drastically change depending on where you sit and when you go.  I loved the bar when you walk in as well as the hanging lights.  In my first time experience, we sat at the massive "Thanksgiving" table in the back of the restaurant.  We ordered the pickles and smoked duck for appetizers - the duck was outstanding.  She had a burger, cooked to perfection, I had the venison which was a shade dry but very tasty.  I had a house draft autumn pumpkin beer and she had the Sour, both were excellent.  A waiter was fairly attentive but the place was packed so I can understand the occasional wait.  I loved our food and drink.  It was expensive but quality is.
A litany of imbicility on one side, drunken dudes pre-gaming for something stupid on the other side. 3 stars
Our date was strained by the fact that we were nestled between a group of four lawyers LOUDLY and obnoxiously ranting about their first world problems.  I especially loved when the last idiot complained about the waiter after they openly treated him like crap.  On the other side of us sat four total nerds who escaped their mom's basement who couldn't make a decision to save their life.  One guy moved his coat and the sleeve hit my wife's drink.  He shrugged and went back to scrutinizing his cheese.  Thank you moron.  I hope you enjoyed your hangover the next day before you partied up with your guild in World of Warcraft.
Needless-to-say, if a group of my friends wanted to meet here, it would be excellent in this situation but for a date, not so much.  There are sections of the restaurant that have small tables which I'll know to ask for next time.This is of course a new restaurant and all new ones have to work out their kinks. A really nice and attentive manager comped part of our meal because it had its problems. The good part: the bar and communal spaces are lovely and my bacon beer from Bamberg (almost impossible to find in Philly) was delicious. The menu is too big/strange and hard to figure out. Everything I thought about ordering came with ingredients I did not want. Servers were very nice, but inexperienced. We'll wait about 6 monthes and give them a try again for the manager's efforts.I wish I could break down my reviews based on different categories and have a Yelp algorithm break down a fair rating based on my feedback. I only say this for this review as I have very mixed feelings about this place so I will break it down myself which I feels comes to three stars.
Four stars for an inventive cocktail menu and beer list. They were able to recruit a local crafted cocktail making legend whose reputation precedes themselves. There was no detail that wasn't considered down to the many different types of ice that pair with the appropriate drink, staying true to the period. The scene is pretty cool as they provide live music ranging from swing to ragtime and it really makes a lively atmosphere unique from most venues in Philadelphia.
Three stars for the overall execution. It's cool but something feels...forced. The tables and stools aren't comfortable and the cramped rooms don't really allow for a lot of personal space.
Two stars for service and noise. This is where I am getting a bit personal. I dine at craft cocktail bars weekly. My boyfriend and I have taken this recent trend on with personal interest experimenting at home. We understand the time and consideration to make just one of these drinks. Everywhere else we get unmatched service. Warm greetings, expert recommendations and feedback based on our orders. Asking for the same service here is laughable. I feel frozen out and that I HAVE to order from the drink menu even if I am looking for something not listed. To be fair they do have unmatched expertise and their job is not a cocktail consultant but it wouldn't hurt to relay basic customer service such as a smile. Also, this is NOT a date spot when the band is playing. It gets really loud. It's super fun for the live music, and if that's what you're looking for go check it out with no cover.
I'll forgive and forget about my former awful dining experience as the menu has been redone with a new chef and it would be unfair to factor this in. Perhaps we will give it a second chance for dining but I am not expecting the service to get better any time soon.When Jayna F. told me about this place, she said it was amazing, and she wasn't lying. 
One of my friends insisted that he take me out and pay for everything, so of course I suggested the Farmer's Cabinet because I had heard such amazing things about it previously, and I'm really glad I did.
The ambience of this place is absolutely fantastic. It definitely is going for the speakeasy type of vibe. I didn't get to witness it myself, but apparently on certain nights they have live old timey jazz bands. Which is totally awesome.
I had the pork sandwich and it was honestly one of the best pork sandwiches I've had. The slaw they put on it is so sweet and really compliments the savory super moist pork and omg I want one right now just thinking about it.
I also think it's super cute that they have separate bars for cocktails, beer and cheese.
It makes me really sad that I didn't get to check this place out again before I left the city.Oh dear Farmers' Cabinet. How you've so failed me.
While your candlelit ambiance is as darkly romantic as a seance in a rustic outpost from the Civil War, and your drinks are something stellar - the Coffee in Heaven is a veritable alcoholic blend of coffee and chocolate and a frothy egg white for added creaminess, and the Cockaigne is delightfully sour and fizzy - the rest of you has left me yearning for something more...something like PZAZZ. 
The Duo of Elk - cooked mid rare like all meat should be - was as boring as meat and potatoes....because literally, that's all it was: tough meat and potatoes. What is impressive about this dish, however, is that you get to pay a whopping $32 for something similar in taste, texture and portion size you could have bought for $3.20 and microwaved for 30 seconds.
I think I might have had some pickles, and they might have been okay. But I don't really remember.The atmosphere was impressive, which leads to disappointment in both food and service.  The best thing we had were the sweetbreads and the beer list is awe inspiring.  The fondue was blah.  Two of us got duck and all 5 of us swore it tasted like dark turkey meat.  When we asked our server if anyone else had the same comment about the 'duck' she became defensive and rude.  Asking if we wanted a manager or what?  The braised 'duck' sandwhich was awful. My husband was starving and only ate 1/3. The breading on my quail sandwich was super salty. My friend had a rare burger that was supposed to be medium.   It took about 20 minutes to get each beer and 1/2 an hour for a whiskey drink. Each time our server made a mistake it was someone else's fault. She never even apologized once. All 5 of us loved their restaurant 'fork and Barrel' in east falls, but had such a bad experience here that we won't be back.I went here for restaurant week recently and I had high hopes. The restaurant itself is beautiful and we received great service. But, I was really underwhelmed by the food. I got a salad that was okay but not exciting, ravioli that was not warm enough and the portion size was disappointing and the dessert was forgettable. I would go back here for a drink sometime, but not to eat.Great atmosphere and amazing drinks! The bartenders, Ian and Russ really know their liquors and love to teach. They put a lot of effort and detail into their craft and are sure to please-we have had a great night and oustanding drinks!Awesome atmosphere- great cocktail bowl. Came for restaurant week, worth it!So, my daughter and I dined here last night as part of Philly Restaurant week anxious for what we thought would be an adventurous and satisfying dining experience.  Not impressed in the least.  The hostess was rude and dismissing when I told her where she was seating me was somewhat chilly.  Rather than offer an alternative (mind you this place is big and also had plenty of available seating), she rudely said, "you're free to eat at the bar".  The bar was just adjacent to the wide open outside.  That experience was strike one.  Initial drinks at the bar, strike two....bad drink and worse bartender.  Nonetheless we proceeded with dinner...I got the Rabbit. Strike three.  Nicely presented, but tougher than leather which typically rabbit is not to be.  What saved this experience was the wonderful waitress and the even more wonderful manager who substituted my rabbit for the veal short ribs...very delicious and beautifully paired with vegetable accompaniments.  More than that he and the waitress saved me from not visiting this establishment again!This place is phenomenal. Went there for Center City Sips and the atmosphere was great. Piano player, the whole Prohibition theme - a great atmosphere altogether. Service was fantastic and the cheese plate was tremendous. Also look into the Bavarian pretzel. Great dipping sauces!  Beer and wine selection mostly European and great!  Once again, piano player provided great atmosphere the entire night!The speakeasy style is unquestionably on its way back, and I couldn't be happier about it. I'm sitting here writing while NPR's Jazz Decades is playing in the background. Cab Calloway, the Dorsey Brothers, the great Glenn Miller - I want this to be the soundtrack of my life. Cut to 2013 Philadelphia: wooden exterior, faux-velvet curtains, copper countertops and low lighting that hisses, 'Hush, this place's secret.' Welcome to The Farmers' Cabinet. 
Like their curtains, however, the Cabinet is faux speakeasy. It's no Ranstead Room and certainly no Hop Sing Laundromat, but then again, it's on Walnut Street. Hard to play it low key on one of Philly's busiest drags. 
My 4-star review is tentative because I haven't yet doled out the necessary dough to actually sit down and eat here. I've been going for the drinks. The happy hour draft special at the Cabinet is one of the best in the city. Half-price drafts and a great selection of them. And as other reviews suggest, the cocktail menu is impressive and creative. As for the draft menu, while it changes frequently, they have standard appearances by Rogue and Goose Island, to name a couple. 
On the first few glances, the menu didn't cry out anything out of the ordinary. The prices contend with some of the more expensive restaurants in the area, so the only way I would find it worthwhile would be if they have perfected the relatively simple menu they offer. I will approach the dining at experience at The Farmers' Cabinet with a reserved but hopeful mentality. Based on the meal, I imagine my review will change - for the better or for the worse. Stay posted!Great food, great drinks, great service.
I loved the ambience here: comfortable saloon/speakeasy vibe, with the occasional crazy fixtures.  Food was excellent - we ordered the pickled carrots, soft shell crab sandwich, pulled pork sandwich (both came on brioche buns), and a few cocktails.  The only drawback to mention is that we sat in the bar section at the barrel tables, and had an impossibly small amount of space to eat. Otherwise, everything else was excellent!Nice cocktails. Decent food but tiny quantity for a huge price.
Ordered this: "DEVILED DUCK EGGS $12
House-made purple potato chips, cured pork belly"
Received: One and a half deviled eggs (which is to say, 3 half eggs on a granite slab). One SQUARE CENTIMETER of bacon. 8 "chips" which must have come from micro-potatoes (each the size of a penny).
Realized: 1.5 is the minimum quantity of egg that allows you to list an item as "eggs" with an s, and not be lying. One egg. One and a half eggS. 
For $12, that's ridiculous. Eight dollars an egg. No wonder this place is nearly empty for dinner on a Friday night.Heard good things & dropped in. Very inauspicious entrance.  I've walked by many times & goes along with that Prohibition vibe. Kinda like Franklin Mortgage with bigger space.  Cool setup w/ 2 bars. Mixology on right & beer selection on left. Got a mixed drink but forgot the name but kinda like vodka lemonade & a JW Black. Unique 20s vibe w/ servers & mixologist dressed in appropriately.  Had a live band playing great music. Great service & definitely coming back to sample other creations. Food menu unsure of. Little too adventurous for my tasteThe owner of The Farmer's Cabinet is the ex-owner of Fork & Barrel. 
Well, Fork and Barrel was a very intimate restaurant in East Falls which i happened to failed in love with. 
To transform this place, the owner took the same concept (the decor, the wall full of beer bottle, the communal table, the darkness in this place) and spread it wider since it also have another room for more intimate separate table. As it being said, on side of the restaurant is great for group while the other good for dates.
Given the fact that Fork & Barrel was not that popular, with this new location, it proves that the owner was right when he decided to change to location. The Farmers' Cabinet is on top of Yelp's hot list and everyone love this place. I do love this place myself but i took one star of the rating because i miss Fork & Barrel. The intimacy and the candle light in Fork & Barrel is the bomb to me. I love places which are settle and quite rather than being too popular. 
In the other hand, the menu at Farmers' is improved compare to Fork & Barrel. The Elk, the rabbit, and the way they were served will make you feel like you are living in Medieval times 
The beer is the hit in this place. They are AMAZING with all different types and choices of beer. The only thing that i missed is the beer flight they used to offer at Fork & Barrel. 
The service is great. all the server has great knowledge in beer and what being serves on the menu. 
I will come back here on a week day because the weekends will be pack with groups groups of people.Oh, my, bejeezus. Farmer's cabinet was FANTASTIC. My best friend and I visited for restaurant week and had an amazing time. Here's the break down of the night:
Initial Concerns: Pricey-- Is the food really going to be good enough to justify the cost? Are the portions going to be adequate? Should we splurge and get some drinks? 
Reaction post dinner: SPLURGE. this place is worth it. Get a drink, they're amazing. I had the blood diamond ($12) and was worth every drop. The portions for restaurant week were pretty good, but I'm a big eater so we decided to get a BEER/CHEESE PAIRING (smutty nose) special each in addition to the restaurant week deal. If they have it, do it. They have great taste in pairings and the additional food was exactly the right amount. 
Apps--Grilled endives with goat cheese, warm apples and pickled grapes (sooooo good. Get it!); Deviled Duck Eggs (literally, best deviled eggs I've ever had. these were amazing. I wish we had another plate since there were only three halves on there :( ) 
Entrees-- Butternut squash ravioli with oxtail ragout with sage cream and shaved parmesan-- Excellent. It was such an interesting take on butternut squash ravioli because usually chefs make it a very light dish and I'm unsatisfied. this was rich with ragout and was filling; We also ordered Braised Short Rib with Golden Raisin Cornbread, Beer Braised Cabbage, and Whiskey Demiglaze-- YES. DO IT. The cornbread was such a unique flavor that I am still craving to this day. The short ribs were moist and flavorful especially when paired with the cabbage. ah, i want it again. 
Dessert--Berry cobbler (ahhh cant go wrong) and Something chocolatey i think. I don't remember but I remember feeling like it was something dazzling my taste buds with deliciousness. 
Atmosphere is fabulous. They played a live jazz band through vintage microphones so it felt very speakeasyesque. 
The only reason why i give it 4/5 stars is because it can be quite pricey. We each paid $70 BUT we walked out of there feeling each cent was worth it. Your call.This is a review ONLY for the drinks. I went here on a Saturday night, and I thoroughly enjoyed myself.  The cocktails are a little pricey ($10) but strong.  The ambiance is great! Candles hanging from the ceiling, along the bar, etc.  Additionally, if you are hanging out by the bar - you will more than likely end up on a barrel which is neat. And there is live music! I loved this place.  It used to be some mediocre bar, but is now transformed into a really lovely space. I look forward to going back for some more fun times.  The drinks I had were great (gin fizz, and rum fizz).  The menu is really extensive.  Be prepared to be a tad overwhelmed!No.
Is "no" an acceptable review?
I didn't "get it."  What makes this place deserve high reviews?
I first ordered the country salad and it tasted like a cup of salt had been dumped on top of lettuce.  I had to return it.  I ordered the beet salad instead which was interesting...but not  very satisfying. 
I ordered the Tile fish atop mushrooms and it totally didn't do it for me.  The fish was pretty flavorless and the mushrooms were of good quality but the whole dish lacked flavor.
The restaurant itself is pretty and the service good, but the food disappointed me in every respect, especially the price tag.
The one thing I'll give them props for is the bread and butter at the beginning of the meal -- that was very tasty.
Do not plan on returning.Went here last night, I had the $13 cocktail "old battered suitcase" and my gf had the identically priced "hot rain on 12th street." Now I love a whimsically named drink as much as the next person, but I'm also a fan of description, which is why I would propose changing the names to "way too much lime juice" and "way too much lime juice with a softball-sized ice cube". But the fault on the next round lay solely with us for giving the place another chance with a cup of punch (teacup size with 2 giant slices of lemon that resulted in about 3 actual sips of drink) and a beer that was a nice brown, but about a 5 oz. pour. Since when is that a serving size for beer? Since when is $8 a reasonable price to charge for it? Cheese was ok, pickles were ok, but I can't even bring myself to knock it up to 2 stars because of how furious I am about those drinks...We stopped in for a few drinks, meats and cheese.  We sat at the bar.  The bartenders were very friendly and the drinks were great.  Nice beer selection.  Would definitely come here again if in the neighborhood,Farmer's Cabinet is located in center city at Walnut and 11th street. This place has some speakeasy elements but does not fully try to be one. There's no sign of flashy lighting for the place but it is not hidden either. The feel of the inside is the same way with some speakeasy elements, but also can be considered just a normal quiet restaurant as it is pretty big with lots of seating. Farmer's Cabinet makes old fashioned cocktails. I've had the San Pasqual and Dear Diary which were pretty good.  I have not eaten here so i can't speak on the food, but all the cocktails I have tried have been decent. I am giving this place only 3 stars because it doesn't really commit to an identity and other speakeasies in Philly like Franklin Mortgage or the Ranstad room have cocktails just as good or better with a more traditional speakeasy atmosphere and a better experience if you are looking for that type of thing.The Farmers' Cabinet is a great place!  Local food, self made craft beer, and awesome cocktails.  1800's Victorian era candle and oil lamp lit environment. 
I was there with a party of 10 on a Saturday night and sat in the section with long wooden tables.  It wasn't too loud and the lighting was perfect.  Band came on around 8pm.  Everyone found something on the drink and food menu to rave about.
Would highly recommend for groups and/or date night.Sure enough I ended up coming back within a month and this time I also had a great time.  There is a lot of cool beer here, but what I really like is that there's a brief description of what you can expect from each beer, in case you have no idea what you're ordering.  I also had the duck sandwich with brie and although it's a little more oily than I like, it was still really good.  This time we came on a Monday afternoon, and it is literally day and night compared to a Friday night!  Refreshingly empty!  Thankfully they played the same fun music!Good service. Good food. We got a few assorted cheeses that were very good as well as a few meat options "from the butcher" also excellent. For dinner I had the Venison Shank which was fantastic, the meat fell off the bone. One stand out was the cheese risotto OMG! Ridiculous....that stuff is delicious, just get as a side to taste it if it does not come with your meal...trust me!Wow, they no longer have that *1* veggie entree. I guess the drinks are still good.Great new place in Philly! Awesome drinks, great atmosphere and live music!Beer is great , definitely worth going to .The Place looks awesome too inside . Food is good too the vibe is right .Stopped by here the other night to grab a drink with friends.  It was absolutely delightful.  The lighting was dim and could definitely be romantic if you were thinking of going with a date and the live music was great-- and not too loud so you could still hear each other without shouting.  They were super knowledgeable about the beers and tried a great lager!I was really excited when we walked into this spot. They had a band that looked and sounded like the Soggy Bottom Brothers right out of O' Brother, Where Art Thou.
I was ready to get my groove and drink on. The crowd was feeling it, and so was I. There was just one problem. It was almost 90 degrees outside and it was almost just as hot inside. The AC was either not on or hardly on. Either way, the heat was too much and we decided to move on after 15 minutes.
I do want to come back, when it's not so hot. Hopefully, next time they will have a band just as good as this one.Love the food. Great drinks menu. The waiter kept interrupting at odd times and wasn't too informed. The place was uncomfortably warm.Ignoring the fact that they were shutdown temporarily due to some issues with their liquor licenses and that whole not paying their taxes thing... and the owner getting arrested bit, the cabinet is back in business with full bar in toe!
Despite its dimly lit nature, this restaurant has a lot to offer.  The throwback ragtime band plays nearly every night and does it well.  The selection of drinks is bound to make you happy even while the prices might be a little high.  The food is typically excellent.  
If only the wait staff had a clue.  Have a question about a food or drink offering? You're probably better off asking the company you are with than the staff, since over my few visits they rarely seem to know.  I will give them credit for trying and otherwise service isn't all that bad, if not occasionally slow. It is hard to give Farmers' Cabinet four stars knowing it could be that much better.  So, until it proves it is that much better, three stars it will remain and a less often visitor I will remain.Farmer's Cabinet is elaborately decorated and I think it sets an unrealistic expectation.  Upon entry I was prepared to be taken back to a simpler time, but in that nostalgic "I wish things never changed" sort of way.  I found myself questioning these notions throughout the meal and I just think I was let down, despite a perfectly fine meal.
To me, the food is just woefully uninspired based upon the period it is trying to reference.  Now, I want to say this before getting too into it: I went for lunch at Restaurant Week, so it may not be a completely fair review in that regard.
My veal short ribs did not cut very well.  I love fatty meats, but the fat attached was not gelatinized at all and so it didn't want to cut cleanly.  This is not unforgivable, but let's take a step back; I'm at a place that looks like a saloon or general store from the mid-1800s gold rush. You want to believe that a place like this is going to be a leader when it comes to wild game, food preservation technique, and rustic fare.
This is probably me expecting too much.  The drinks were good, though, again, nothing transportive.  I've heard extensive things about their charcuterie, but my girlfriend does not enjoy cured meats very much, so I passed.  Her burger was also good, though unremarkable.
I really wished this place was something unique and special. The walls are begging for it.  But it's just a pretty decent place for food and drink.  In a city with several hundred places to check out, nothing about Farmer's Cabinet makes me want to travel back to this simpler time to be let down again.Visited on 3/26/11 with the better half.  Nice bar areas and I really liked the two bar snacks, especially the roasted barley.  Beer list is very impressive and filled with little known European gems - I hope that they expand the list even more and bring in some rare American beers as well.  
Food was extremely good.  Pickled turnips were amazing.  Pea shoot salad with preserved lemon vinaigrette was great.  We also ordered one of their "Dishes for the Table" - saddle of venison with pureed potatoes and roasted Brussels sprouts.  Enough food to feed four if you add just one more side, and more than generous enough for two.  Venison cooked perfectly, but we both found sauce a bit salty.  Potatoes rich (from olive oil) and creamy, sprouts delicious.
Staff was friendly, helpful and relatively knowledgeable.
I'm not a fan of the long tables with benches for dinner seating - found them uncomfortable and awkward if you have to get up for any reason.I can provide a quik review as I went in the place for a couple of beers after a long ride down from Boston. Love the decor, and I will just say I was quite the happy camper after a set of choice beers. On my next trip to Philly I will try the menue and provide more, but will say this place is worth a visit!MOST UNIQUE LATE NIGHT HANG OUT IN PHILLY.
THE 20S LIVE MUSIC AND VIBE IS KICKASS.
great staff, great drinks. pricy food.Super A+ for ambiance and beer selection.  Sitting awkwardly on a stool while leaning over a low barrel to enjoy said beer?  Not so great.  Hold out for a real table.  Your back will thank you.I love this place!  Probably one of my favorites for DRINKS.  Sit at the bar, you will get a better experience, because the drink menu is so complex, its like reading a foreign language.  The bartenders are very knowledgable, and will help you read the menu, and make suggestions based upon your favorite types of liquor.   Also, the drink menu changes every few months, so I like to keep going back to see the new creations.  The craft beer list is always top notch, you can expect some good rare beers here ALL the time.  Prices are a bit steep... which is why this review is 4 stars.  I would love to sit at Farmers Cabinet all night and drink, but I simply can't afford it!  $10-$15 per specialty liquor drink.  Beer is more reasonable, but the portion sizes are small.
If you're hungry, get some appetizers at the bar.  I don't recommend sitting at a table.  I've done this twice, and both times service was slow, and the waiters were less than knowledgeable about the drink complexities, and always said "I'll be back, need to ask the bartender."  The food was really tastey, I've tried the bavarian pretzles, aged pickles, salad, tomato soup, fresh fish of the day, and butternut squash ravioli.  Everything was delicious, but all the portion sizes were really small for the price, and the food took forever to make it to our table.  Good thing the food was so good, to make up for everything else!
This place is expensive, but for the drinks, I think its totally worth it.  They put a lot of time and effort into their very complex drink menu, which I love.  I will always return here!Went today for restaurant week.
Ambiance is very nice
Server was average but didn't to seem to know the menu very well. My questions and her lack of familiarity with the menu may have created some tension on her part. But I give her kudos for doing her best to answer!
hostess was a little rude and didn't want to take our coats after I asked her politely if coat check was available. She did so after giving me a passive aggressive comment.
food was mediocre to average? my favorite things from this dining experience included the cheese plate and cocktails. Everything else we had either didn't suit my taste or just failed to impress. Some things that my table ordered included the duck pierogi, mussels and scallops, wild mushroom salad, quail, rabbit and one of each dessert. My table was dissatisfied with pretty much everything we ordered. The food was either too dry,too salty or didn't seem to mesh well. It may just be our personal preference! Whatever the reason, I don't think i will be coming back.Amazing, delicious drinks. 
My first time here I had the impression that the place was trying too hard. Over the top decor, over the top bartenders. But the drinks were perfect. After a few more visits, my appreciation for this place is cemented.
Yes, the place is usually crowded. But isn't it fun eavesdropping on crazy-awkward first dates? Yes, the drinks are expensive. But they are fantastically made and appropriately sized (do you hear me, Franklin & Mortgage??). 
I can't speak for the food here, but if I were to eat dinner here, I wouldn't get cranky about long wait times. Because it's a busy, popular establishment. And sometimes you need to accept a restaurant for what it is, before getting cranky about your own expectations. Is it fair to go to Micky D's, and get upset that your meal was not 5 stars?If you want to go out with friends and not be able to hear a word they say, check out Farmers' cabinet.  If you also want to flash your panties to strangers, check out Farmers' cabinet.
I really wanted to like this place because they feature game meats, sweetbreads, have a cool theme, and have a great drink list.  But it's just damn too loud.  The band, while talented and well dressed, was loud.  Even the music played over the PA system was loud.
We were seated at a LONG picnic table, where the seats were nailed down.  This table is as long as the restaurant, so you have to walk around the entire table to get out.  Also you have to kick your legs over, so all of us ladies with dresses were flashing left and right (not always a bad thing).  
Also, why do the servers need to bring our drinks on a silver tray with a votive candle? One server spilled one of our beers by our table, and we witnessed (or heard) a few other innocent drinks go down.  It's so stupid.
We ordered the group dinner of lamb (which can really feed 4-5 people), and while I don't eat lamb, the hubby said it was a bit dry. I did try the brussel sprouts that came with it, and it was soggy.  I had the buffalo short ribs and it was really good. I can't remember what sides came with it, but the entree portion was flintstone-esque and plenty to share with 2 or 3 people!
I loved their fried beets/sweet potatoes chips, only to later realize they tasted just like Terra brand chips, so now I'm addicted to Terra chips (but that's besides the point).  Sweetbreads were okay, and the snails were good.  The sage cocktail was delicious! and the decor is cute.
But all in all, I was disappointed. I was sitting next to the birthday boy, who we were celebrating for, and I couldn't have a decent conversation with him.  My husband and I just made faces at each other the whole night. Maybe we'll learn sign language just to converse at places like this.  Either that, or I'm just getting old!Good drinks good music great atmosphere hilariously off point faded service and subpar food. Charcutterie was excellent though.This place is my new center city favorite! The very day I stumbled upon it, I learned my favorite restaurant, Tap & Table in Emmaus, was closed. Later that night my friend told me they have the same owner! No wonder I love this place so much. Great food, incredible service and ambience.Something about this place irks me. Maybe its because it's very expensive. Or that when you actually look around, it's trying WAY too hard, and feels like a pub in "1920's Land" at DisneyWorld; it doesn't feel natural or authentic at all and is almost insulting in a city w/ really good history. And service is pretty crappy, w/ an attitude (maybe that's what they are going for?). Or maybe its the often-in-the-news shadyness involving the owners and their history that I can't get out of my mind. I dunno.I love the atmosphere.....LOVE IT.  
I and a friend decided to do some Saturday day drinking, and started at Jose Pistolas, which was completely dead.  The bartender recommended for us to get up and go check out Farmer's Cabinet.
We sat at the bar and each had 2 beers.  I do not remember what they were, other than a light Belgium, and some sort of Hefe.  The beer list will be unrecognizable to most people, but everything was excellent. The bartenders gave us pretty much unlimited tastes of anything and everything.
It is expensive, but you are not going to this type of place to get a bargain.Traveling back in time to the 20's when booze was plentiful but illegal and very pricey. I love this place because it reminds me of Boardwalk Empire. The bar is dark the music is jazzy and so in tune with the times, the staff wears bowties and suspenders. You order specialty drinks that certainly cost a lot but are extremely potent. I haven't tried the food because I don't need to, the drinks are perfect, why mess it up with food? 
This is a perfect place to start the night or end it depending on what day it is ( ie perfect as a night cap for the insomniacs during monday-thursday) 
I feel like I need to go here every Sunday night after boardwalk empire to keep the 20's pulsing in my veins until the worst day of the week comes. I think it would definitely make Mondays better.I met a friend here for drinks several weeks ago on a Sunday night.  It was surprisingly busy, so we opted to sit at the bar in the back.  Their beer selection was truly fantastic and apparently it's always changing.  Their wine and cocktail list was pretty extensive, but we stuck with beers for the evening.  We also ordered some small appetizers to go with our drinks.  The pickled beets and mushrooms were outstanding.  We ordered a roasted pepper dish that was too hot for my pallet, but was well-prepared regardless.  The only negative thing I would say about FC is that it's incredibly dark inside; I felt like I needed a flashlight just to see my friend!  I will definitely be back, though, since you really can't beat their beer selection.There was so much to like about my experience at Farmers' Cabinet. Caleb, our waiter, was extremely pleasant, articulate, and knowledgeable. Helpful too. The beer menu is one of the most interesting I've seen in the city: many European beers that aren't what you normally see in America (Trappist, Belgian, or major brewery). The amount of labor going into the dining experience is really impressive: separate bars and and tenders each focusing on beer and mixed drinks respectively, a cheese guy, lots of people on the floor. The duck I had as an entree was excellently cooked.
The space is built out marvelously. A lot of love went into bringing a number of parts together. The aesthetics of the whole experience were great.  
Unfortunately not everything about the experience worked, in conception and execution. The beans in the ragout for the duck were cooked unevenly. This suggests that the kitchen combined stale old beans with new fresh beans. Not good. The "premeal" items we tried suffered from being put on a huge piece of slate. The duck confit did not elevate over tuna fish. 
That said. I really hope this place succeeds. I'm doubtful if it can make money with as many balls as it keeps up in the air. I'm also not sure that the menu earns its price point. That said, go there. Try beer and cocktails you won't see elsewhere. Enjoy the sights and sounds.Been to cabinet many times including bringing all my friends for a birthday trip. Although I have never eaten here it really is in my top 5 bars in the city without a doubt. They debuted their spring cocktail list inspired by herbs and garden last night and I had the pleasure of drinking their basil cocktail. Wish i could do it more justice but I know it was headlined by pisco and was spot on and perfect. They always have a rotating cocktail featured list created by different inspirations. I remember once it was based on a tom waits album another by Shakespearean plays. Staff is always so knowledgeable especially the bartenders (bill and Giuseppe fucking rule). The beers are from all over including their own brews which are pretty cool. Go on thursdays and you can find drew nugent and his band playing some great songs and you feel like your in a boardwalk empire episode and not washington square. coolest bar ive been to in a long time.From the makers of Fork & Barrel, there is Farmer's Cabinet.
Went to dinner at this Washington Square estab. with a friend, and after walking in and not knowing the concept or anything, I realized this was reminiscent of Fork & Barrel in East Falls. This was confirmed after we asked our waiter. 
It's kinda dark and intriguing on entering.  The main dining room has a very very long farmer's style table with lots of seating, with other smaller 6 seater tables around this larger table.  I went on a early week night and I just can't imagine the noise level or the awkwardness that may be, if you went on a weekend.
The menu seems as sparse as it was in the other establishment, quite fresh, old school Euro concept.  I again order a caesar's salad to  start and had the Elk for an entree as recommended by our very attentive waiter.  The salad was much better than the other caesar's at F&B which I wasn't fond off since it had carrots and tomatoes in there, which wasn't a caesar's in my book.  I quite enjoyed the elk.  Having never had this before it was interesting.  It wasn't as gamey as I would have expected, it was quite tender and mild in flavor.  My only complaint was I hate places who have no flavor or seasoning in their meat dishes, but yet resort to elaborate sauces for accompaniments.  If you seasoned your meat in the first place you might not have to put those silly sauces that sometimes get overlooked because they are so limited on the plates.  
Service was great, no complaints there, and the decor was well done.  Not as intimate as the East Falls place, since it is a much larger space, but the same feel is there.
I will most likely go back, since it is an interesting concept and the food and beer selections are quite good.  Although the menu can be a little bit more I think, or at least a little more surprising.Service took forever and our food did not come out at one time- within 10 minutes. 
Food is mediocre for it's price.
I chose this place because we were a group of 8 and wanted to be able to have a conversation- most reviews said it was a pretty quiet atmosphere--- it's not.You go here for the ambiance, and to be trendy. Overall, Farmer's Cabinet was a pleasant experience. The craft cocktails where decent, and i particularly enjoyed the entrees- venison shank is a must-try! $25 for a couple hunks of cheese and slices of average Italian meats plus some fancy pickles & nuts is absurd, but hey that's what it's all about right?
The waitstaff is not very good, but I don't think its their fault- the place is jam-packed, and putting an extra server or three on the floor would do wonders. The drinks take quite a while, but that is on-par for other craft cocktail joints in the area. Our server actually forgot about my beer order, and gave it to me for free when I reminded him, which was a nice gesture- that isn't how it usually goes.
My biggest complaint was the fact that I had a reservation and when i showed up they tried to stick us in the back room which feels like a different restaurant- plain white table cloths, plain walls, etc.. I'm sorry, but it all goes back to the theme- if the theme of this place isn't there, its not worth going. Luckily, we were able to get seated in the main room, at the farthest table back, against the kitchen, mind you. 
Overall, this is mostly a trendy (emphasis: trendy) bar with good food than anything else. I'd say it is worth a visit, but skip the food and go after 10p to catch the music.The service and the food were sometimes great, sometime lacking. We were a party of two there on a Wednesday night. It took a LONG time to get our initial drink orders in and to get our drinks. The drinks were tasty... although in hindsight the Mezcal drink i ordered came out as an old fashioned the first time and then the Mezcal drank the second. Both were good, though the mezcal was a little overpowering after drinking an old fashioned. 
The pork chop I ordered came out very dry. They took it back and replaced it as soon as I answered the question how the food was. They also comped me a free drink. Once I had the pork chop done right, it was good but not overwhelmingly so and the portion was small. The short ribs my buddy had were damn damn good. I would think with their prices, they would get the food right the first time and have service that was stronger at the beginning of the night. I would go back but only after checking out a lot of the other restaurants in the neighborhood.Food and drinks may have been good but over 90 degrees inside.  Horrible.  Couldn't wait to leaveUpon a friend's recommendation, we made it a point to go to the Farmer's Cabinet while on vacation in Philadelphia.  They receive stars because the atmosphere was great and it looked like it would've been a fun place.
It would receive zero stars for service.  We walked in and took a seat at the bar, chatted for several minutes, and then realized we were being absolutely ignored.  The ONLY people at the bar, we tried to catch the bartender's attention (or whoever he was- he was an employee, because he was preparing food), but he glanced over several times and never came to talk to us.  We also tried to catch the eye of several waiters, but to no avail.
Finally, after about 10-12 solid minutes of trying to talk to someone about how to order a drink, we flagged down a waitress, who told us that the bar area was closed b/c it was now a BYOB (that whole scandal bit, which we hadn't heard about at the time).  I told her that I knew it wasn't her fault, but it was ridiculous that the bartender had steadily ignored us for that length of time and that no one could be bothered to tell us the bar area was closed.  Really??
She was nice, hence the 2 stars.Went here on a "mini pubcrawl" that included Manayunk Brewery, Monk's and ended here. 
The environment is interesting but a little hipster, so if you can adjust to that idea you'll be fine. It's lit with about 1,000 candles and has a Speakeasy theme. The staff is dressed like it's Prohibition Era and they serve up a host of old school cocktails. 
Now for the really good part--lots of great beer. They had a variety of Belgian and Belgian-style beers, including a number of Unibroues on tap. I'm guessing over 20 taps, mostly really good stuff. My friends got a meat, cheese and pickle board that wasn't cheap but looked good and they enjoyed. I didn't eat so I can't speak any further to the food. 
Next time I'm downtown I'll definitely be back.Was in Philly on business and went here twice in ree days. Great food, great cocktails, a little on the pricey side.Separate bars for beer & liquor.
Dark and attractive interior, interesting taps, and the beer on the taps is even more interesting. I have lived in Center City for 3 years, and I think at the end of it, I can say the absolute best true beer bars in the area are Farmers Cabinet, Boiler Maker (same owners), and Devil's Den. 
Ask me 3 years ago and I wouldn't have said that. I avoided this place because I thought it was all hype.
What makes this place great is their service, which is always attentive, the fact that they give you water without having to ask (at the bar!), and that you can order 6 oz after 6 oz and try as many beers as your heart desires. I have not had any food from here, it doesn't really appeal to me, but perhaps I will change my mind about that, too!
Here, you can savor some beers you've never heard of, and will never see again -- all awesome!Allow me to preface this review with the fact that we did not get any food, only drinks, so in good conscience I cannot give this place five stars just yet...
I walked in and was mesmerized.  It was like a time portal to the '20s.  A band was playing, complete with a bass trombone that my friend with a more refined ear pointed out. 
I walked up to the bar to wait for said friend.  The bartender took me under his wing and suggested a beer, the Scandinavian Not Just Another Wit.  It was light and crisp and delightful.  When friends arrived, we went to a table in the back and got more and more and more beverages.
I had the Improved Whiskey Cocktail.  When they say "improved," they mean it adds some absinthe to the rye whiskey for a very jolting result.  Drinks and more drinks, somewhere in there was the Holland Fog which stood out for me due to its frothy egg white deliciousness.
We also had a great server, who is a bartender at Tinto apparently.  We will be visiting him for sure.  He had great input and really amped us up.  
All in all, come here if you are looking to play pretend, enjoy a classy beverage (or two or four), and munch on roasted barley.Nice vibe especially if you want to impress a date, good service and well made drinks.  I actually would probably rate this place 4 stars if it was just for the drinks and atmosphere which I believe others have said as well in their reviews.
The food is underwhelming, very forgettable but at not forgettable prices.
Come here sit at the bar, order some appetizers and drinks and call it a night, then you will be fully satisfied with your experience.A little pricey but a great place to go with a small group and get some drinks. It is also a great place for a date night. Their cheese and meat plate is amazing. makes you smile because of how good it is. They also have a really good beer list and a great cocktail menu. I am not a cocktail person, but I do appreciate a good handmade cocktail. 
Also, some nights they have live music which is always fun. Its definitely a very lively place.Yes their drinks are expensive. But the decor is so beautiful and the kettle corn you get to snack on with your drinks is the best I have ever had!!!!!!I really enjoyed eating here. Very cool atmosphere and good food. Best of all was the beer selection - lots of great Belgians to choose from.I went here Friday night with the boyfriend. We arrived about 8 for dinner, and were seated right away. It was busy in the front of the building, where the bar is situated and they have tables that look out onto the street, but the back dining area was pretty empty. By the time we left, it was packed and there was a live jazz band at the bar. We would have stayed but it was very crowded.
The atmosphere is awesome- kind of 20s speakeasy-ish. They have a phenomenal beer list. The food was just okay. We had really high hopes for the food, but it was nothing special. We ordered gouda, pickled okra, the pork chop, tilapia which was the special that evening, and carrot cake for dessert. The carrot cake was absolutely delicious. The okra was very tasty too. The entrees were very mediocre. My pork chop (which was listed as just pork on the menu, so I was expecting tenderloin, but I should have asked) was caveman sized and was just okay. I hardly ate half of it. The bf's tilapia was also jsut okay, and the starch it came on (I think it was rice, I forget) looked like it was cut from a block. Not the fanciest presentation.
I'd go again, but maybe just to sit at the bar and have a cheese plate. It's very pricey for very mediocre food.I had an overall great experience at The Farmers' Cabinet from the moment I walked in the door.  There was a nice fall scene in the doorway and I kind of chuckled and felt comfortable the moment I saw that.  My friend was running late which worked out wonderful because it gave me some time to review the beer list. 
 If you are a beer snob, then you have to check out this place!  I tried both house saison's, one of which had a hint of pumpkin, not that obnoxiously spiced up pumpkin beer that you find but a more subtle taste that I enjoy.  I additionally had a St Canarus Stillwater with dinner, which I also enjoyed.
The meal was also amazing, starting out with a nice cheese plate.  Cabot was my favorite but I'm biased from growing up in VT.  I also enjoyed the Ashed Goat cheese as well.  For a second starter (yeah i was hungry), we  had the duck rillette. I was hesitant to order because I don't always like duck, but I was licking the plate as they pulled it away to bring out the entree, probably to save me from embarrassment.  
For dinner, I had fall off the bone tender venison that I thoroughly enjoyed.   The side of sweet potato was a good compliment.
For dessert we had the stout cake and while enjoyable, I wouldn't run out to get it again.  It was nice and moist, everyone has their own taste so please don't let me discourage you from trying it.Went for dinner with friends to celebrate a birthday.
First off, it must be said: The atmosphere is very cool, and the service was EXCELLENT throughout. Waitress was kind, friendly, authentic, and knowledgeable about the entire menu. First rate.
Unfortunately, however, we didn't love the food, the drinks were only okay, and the entire thing was a bit overpriced and underwhelming.
We ordered the chef's charcuterie plate - really run-of-the-mill meat and cheese, both in terms of the varieties on the plate, and the quality. Sopressata, salami, a mediocre manchego, a pecorino, a few scattered nuts and dried fruit, and mediocre picked cukes and okra. 
Steelhead trout (yes trout, not salmon) wrapped in speck was nice, but not exceptional. The chard "pancake" underneath was a nice idea, but turned out to be a cold, rubbery, green... thing. Veal short rib another fantastic idea - and some good flavors - but was way too fatty, particularly for veal. Smoked venison was a bright spot, and "rabbit two ways" included a very nice rabbit-cognac sausage.
Wine was a nice Malbec; cocktails were mixed - we sent a couple back as they tasted watered-down (the replacements were improved).
All in all, it was a meal that left us feeling very "Meh," and not at all worth $70/person (tax and tip included, to be fair). Easily several restaurants and gastropubs all around the city that can offer similar fare with much better execution for a little less money.
Not posting this to be a hater; just my honest, unvarnished opinion of the experience.Amazing ambiance, especially in the green room :). Romantic throwback with Billie Holiday era tunes piped in, wonderful  recommendations from the cheese guru, incomparable beer and speciality drink selection, and enhanced by amazingly individualized service (especially Susan our waitress and Theresa who helped us with reservations ) . Made for a decadent anniversary !  Thanks for the great evening !Incredibly interesting concept! I only had drinks here so far and I will certainly go back for dinner. My drinks were tasty & our bartender was really awesome. 
I'm not sure how to describe what I felt that makes me only give the place 3 stars though - maybe it was that I felt like I was in Epcot Center - a forced ambiance or that there seemed to be a "wall" between staff & guest. And the latter is something that I think is incredibly important in creating atmosphere and maybe this is the vibe they are intending.
However, none of the above makes me want to tell you not to go here, in fact quite the opposite. It is very cool, attention to detail is exquisite & I'm a sucker for an incredible "classic" cocktail.Candles light the entire place - and by that, I mean there are mason jars hanging down throughout the restaurant lighting the entire bar and restaurant.  Of course, this makes for a low level of light, but it's perfect for what they're trying to do, I think.  You step in and are greeted by well dressed men and women waiters and service is the key element of the experience.  We stood near the bar and expected to have to go to the bar to get drinks.  However, within two minutes of showing up, a server came by to ask about our drinks and food - which were served promptly.  
I had the Kolsch beer and others tried the cocktails and Pilsner - all were incredible.  The bar itself has well dressed bar tenders and all the drinks are written on chalk boards.  It definitely creates a vibe that is more to the speakeasy vibe than the traditional Philadelphia Bar experience.  This is a great variety to add and encouragement for this great city to be claiming its place in the Top 5 most populated U.S. cities with the nightlife to match.
Since it was Saturday, there was a band.  It was retro 20s and was a full-on brass band complete with over-the-top witty songs.
Definitely a great spot and highly recommend checking it out.This is a cool, 1920's speakeasy with two floors. When you first enter, there is a two-bar layout-one for beers and one for mixed cocktails. The bartenders take their time with your drink and fully explain each one. (Plus they shave their own ice!) 
The cocktails are a bit pricey for Philly, but they are strong for sure. The atmosphere was pretty laid back when I went (granted it was a Saturday afternoon.) I heard there's live music at night too. I'd return next time I'm in Philly!3.5, close to 4
This was my first visit to Farmers' cabinet, on Wednesday the last Center City SIps. 
It's real cute I love the speakeasy feel. I don't know what their happy hour specials normally are, but if they're similar to sips, I'd definitely return. This is what I got during sips
- $5 Cabinet Punch -  very good. it's served in this cute little tea cup, at first looking like very little alcohol for 5 bucks. Then you take a sip, and it's delicious AND potent. That's what I like. They also had $3 beer, I can't remember what it was though.. 
- $4 croques something (sorry I had a few drinks can't remember) it was supposed to be ham and egg and cheese on crostini. This is definitely a 3 star at most. The sauce was kind of weird, bland unflavored.. the meat didn't seem fresh to me. It was meh
$4 Bavarian Pretzel - was kind of like a fancy pretzel croissant type thing. Buttery and yummy, but not like a typical German pretzel you might think of. I didn't have pretzels when I was with Bavaria .. so I'm not sure if that's how they're supposed to be. But the dip that it came with, awesome. We got the best mustard sauce ever, made of mustard seeds.. I loved it. Also came with something like whipped butter with garlic, delicious.
I'm gonna have to look up what happy hour specials they have, I'd love to go back with my bf.I've been here twice for drinks.  My first experience was awful.  My friends and I sat at the cocktail bar and received terribly poor and indifferent service from the female cocktail bartender.  We are low maintenance and laid-back with servers, having worked in such roles in the past.  We mind our manners, say "please" and "thank you" and always tip well.  
It was striking how attentive and friendly she was to a well-dressed older man at the end of the bar.  I watched her smile vanish from her face as she turned away from him to my friend and me.
I gave the place another chance a few weeks later.  I sat at the beer bar and had much better service.  The beer was pricey but tasty.
There are many other places I'd rather go than Farmer's Cabinet.  I doubt I'd ever choose to go here again.Just had to say that their summer salad is something i'd definitely crave for. It's was simply perfect. The tomatoes were sweet, the eggplant, the peppers, the goat cheese.. ahhh! I wan't another one.I had heard really good things, but it was one of the worst meals I have ever eaten.  I cannot cook whatsoever, but I could make better food in the microwave than what was served here.  Everything lacked any sort of flavor and the ribs were 95% fat and inedible.  We did come during restaurant week, but it was by far one of the worst meals of my life.  I will not be returning ever.Here are some quips I shared with my party after leaving. I said the below in my best early 20th century New York Accent. "So you ladies want the right to vote, eh?" "Boy you can really get comfy in your grandpappies shoes in a bar like that!" "Next thing you know we'll try to send a man to the moon!" 
OK not so funny now that I've typed and read them, but hey.
This place is like a hipster throw back Chi-Chi's replete with period costumed staff and a strolling band. Like hanging out in Disney Land if the Epcot Center had a depression era speak easy spot. Way over the top. A novel idea, but overall I found it a bit much. Drink menu was confusing as all hell, too much back story and vintage typography. Staff was very friendly.
An interesting effort, but we'll look elsewhere for a good spot to hang out at.
edit : I've edited the above review in light of a message I received through yelp from someone on their staff. Kudos to them for caring enough to respond to my comments! Shows they care, which I appreciate.Definitely 4 stars for the beer, but the food was probably 3 stars. Don't get the chef's plate of cheese and meat as they were much more skimpy on that then when we ordered individual cheeses and sausage (the rabbit sausage was very good as was their local blue cheese). While they did have a nice variety of cheese, there weren't many other appetizers to choose from, it went from the cheese, to salads, to heavy entrees. We were looking to just try a few small appetizers, and the cheese and sausage was it... they need a little more variety. But overall it's a great place to bring your friends, have a couple of beers and hangout.My boyfriend and I stopped in to the Farmer's Cabinet yesterday to take advantage of their "restaurant week" menu. It was our anniversary, so needless to say I was expecting a high-quality meal. 
I ordered a sequence of "duck pierogies," "rabbit two ways," and "hazelnut tartine."
The pierogies were decent. The portion size was, at best, average, and they were stuffed with a mixture of duck meat and foie gras. Out of the three dishes I was served at the Farmer's Cabinet, that was by far the best.
When my rabbit arrived, it looked delicious. When I attempted to eat it, I found myself embroiled in a truly frustrating battle against the small grilled animal in front of me. After nearly choking on several bones, I had to eat and cut the meat much more slowly than I usually would, to avoid a re-enactment of Sandra Bullock's makeshift tracheotomy in "The Heat." This would have not been a huge deal had the meat been cooked in a way that did not completely dry it out. I finished as much of the rabbit breast as I could without injuring myself and hoped that the hazelnut tartine would redeem this rapidly tanking meal. Our waitress had recommended the tartine over the pumpkin cheesecake that I had initially requested.
One can only hope that customers do not frequently ask her opinion when making their food selection. The "tartine" was a single dry piece of toast with chocolate and orange marmalade frugally sprinkled over it. I ate two bites and threw it down in disgust, not wanting to waste calories on such a disappointing dessert. I left this meal feeling horrible about having spent good money on food that was less than average. Below average service, terrible food and overpriced. Will not be coming back. Thanks, Farmer's Cabinet for ruining my anniversary dinner.This place is Awesome! Great beer selection. Really cool ambiance, and a great menu.Visited some friends in Philly on Saturday, and we had dinner at Farmers' Cabinet. Thank goodness they made reservations, the place was packed wall to wall! We were seated at our reservation time, and thankfully had a 4 person table tucked in a corner. The restaurant seemed super loud at first, but being in a corner helped block out some of the noise. The drinks and food menu were awesome - couldn't resist ordering the Arms of York cocktail (basically a vodka lemonade, yum!), loved all the literary quotes that went along with their cocktails on the menu. We took our time and enjoyed the complimentary bread and fresh butter, meats and cheese plates, and entrees. I had the Farmer's Burger with a farm-fresh egg on top - seriously delicious. Everyone else at the table enjoyed their meals as well. I would love to come back again. Loved the decor (old speakeasy/farmhouse), and a live jazz band (the Hot Club of Philadelphia) started up just as we were leaving the restaurant. If it hadn't been so crowded at the bar, we would've stayed longer to hear them play! All in all, well worth the visit!The decor and environment were great. Live music was loud due to proximity but very pleasing and fitting for the crowd and vibe. I didn't try the cocktails, but there was a good selection to choose from. Prices seem a little high to me ($12-$15) and more fitting in Rittenhouse. 
My main knock on the restaurant was that I came in at 9:30pm for dinner when most of the crowd is having drinks so the kitchen shouldn't have been busy. Given these circumstances, the food I ordered still came out lukewarm. 
For the entrees that I tried, the Stuffed Quail was only mediocre and I probably wouldn't order them again. However, the potatoes au gratin that were served as a side were delicious, but I was confused by the menu that said potato pave. The Smoked Venison Loin was good but the temperature of the food knocked it down a notch. 
If I came here again, it'd be for the music and drinks with a decent size group because of the convenience of the bench seating arrangement. I would maybe order some appetizers, try out the charcuterie, and avoid the main course.Oh, how I wish I were a Philadelphia local so I could go to this place regularly. During a 4-day trip to Philly, I came here twice. I ate at the bar both times--had the venison with faro entree on my first visit and could not believe how delicious the meal was. On my second visit, we had the pate and some great cheeses. And the drinks are simply out of this world. Between my friends and I, we drank our way through the entire menu and there isn't a disappointing cocktail in the bunch. Add to this that the bartenders and hosts are super friendly, and it makes for a fantastic night out. I also totally dig the 1800s-esque decor and occasional taxidermied animal on the wall.