Went last night and ordered fish and chips.  Waiter said they did not serve fish and chips; I told him it was on the specials sign.  Fish tasted wrong-- turns out they made it with TILAPIA.  Should have stuck with the mussels.My first time here was great.  Beautiful outdoor seating (so dog friendly!) and great, attentive service.  Their beer list is great with great prices.  I LOVE their vegetarian friendly menu as well.  They're not your typical vegetarian selections but very unique (like a cauliflower crust pizza with mushrooms - delicious!).A friend and I took a chance on this place after reading their menu one night.  I'm so happy we did!  The mussels are to die for and I LOVE BELGIAN BEER!  There's no shortage of beer here, the list is endless.  Our waiter Ken was patient and very helpful. I can't wait to go back and eat/drink more.Brunch at Belgian Cafe was very good today. I had the chefs omelet special, tomato & Brie, Loretta loved the peppers & scrambled eggs. Coffee is strong had 2 & half cups each.  Very reasonably priced. Wil go there again and again.Very great meal and to add a compliment - our waitress Megan gave us a credit on one of our burgers because it was not the temperature we had asked for (was well done and we had asked for rare). We didn't even ask for the credit she just gave it to us, which made it even more meaningful. I am the general manager of a cafe in New Jersey and long story short I had just gotten into an argument with a vendor last week because they were {inexplicably} an entire day late with my shipment of perishables and they didn't even offer a discount or credit and I told them how crappy of a business practice that was. In my cafe if someone disliked his or her sandwich or anything else they would and DO get full refunds because I believe that is a good business practice. So in closing I really commend that waitress for sharing good business practice and values, that is the reason I have given this cafe five stars.If Yelp allowed half stars I'd probably rate Belgium a 3.5. Incredible beer selection, awesome mussels, and chill/cozy atmosphere make this a neighborhood favorite of mine. The service at the bar is sometimes hit or miss but overall I really love this place for dates or just grabbing a beer with friends. Looking forward to warmer weather to enjoy the outdoor seating again.We went here on a sunday around 2pm for a late lunch/brunch.
Sat outside since it was a beautiful day and who doesn't love sitting on green street.
I will not be going back here again however.
I ordered a coke and a cheeseburger with lettuce, tomato, onion and swiss cheese. Cooked medium with a side of fries (since yelpers say the fries are good here)
waited 15 minutes for the Coca cola.
waited another 15 minutes for the burger.  Burger was burnt. Teeny Tiny on a Roll that tasted like nothing. oh yeah and i asked for ketchup, something salvage this burger. waited 5 minutes for ketchup.
I'm not sure why yelpers love their fries so much? they arent a crisp fry so if you dont like crispy fry then okay fine. But how do you warrant a french fries that are only 1 inch long? its not exactly appealing having to grab hold of fries with your finger tips, 6-7 fries at a time.
Living so close to the Belgian cafe it is so disappointing that it wasnt a home run.  Guess ill be continuing on down the street back to st. stephens.Waitress (from the table next to us) dropped a glass of milk on the floor next to the table where my friend and I were eating.  It splashed all over use.  She was very apologetic, and brought a wet cloth so we could try to clean up a bit (cloth didn't help much).   Slow service. Food came.  Good fries.  Soup was just OK, room temperature, not hot.  Then the bill came.  Our waiter had quoted us a price that was much less then the item appeared on the bill.  I pointed this out to the waiter.  He just said "sorry."  The manager said the same.
For the milk spill, they should have paid for part, if not all of the bill.  Also, they didn't reduce price of misquoted item.  No change to the bill at all.  Tacky.Awesome beer list, both on draft and in the bottle. I had a chance to try Harviestoun's Ola Dubh, a collaboration between Harviestoun Brewery and Highland Park Distiller that ages Harviestoun's already delicious Old Engine Oil beer in malt whiskey casks. I'd have to place this beer in my top 5. 
The food is great as well, loved the veggie burger topped with blue cheese and the fries are awesome. I was less impressed with the desserts so save yourself the calories and order another beer. Cheers!I've been trying different Philadelphia eateries for the past few days (visiting) and I've got to say this place is highly underrated on yelp.  My food was fantastic, I got a veggie burger with blue cheese and fries.  The beer list is huge and varied.  I love the neighborhood and the atmosphere too.
A little pricey, but worth it overall.  Great vegan burger!!I liked this place. It was much less crowded and noisy than Eulogy or Monk's. The mussels were fresh, large, and tender. The fries were so skinny and delicious, and there are multiple unique sauces/mayos to dip them in. And if you are a beer-lover, they have hundreds of different beers available. The donut and caramel sauce dessert ($5) was very generous, with three large donuts.Fairmount is such a lovely neighborhood and the Belgian Cafe adds to the atmosphere of the neighborhood.  Located on Green street, which is one of my favorite streets in Fairmount, they offer both indoor or outdoor seating.  Belgian Cafe is more spacious than its sister restaurant, Monks, so that is appealing.  The menus are identical.  We had a couple of drafts and the award winning pomme frites. The smoked ketchup was terrific.  We will be back for sure.Really disappointed with my recent Belgian Cafe experience. I ordered "vegan buffalo wings." Sounded simple to me. The plate came to the table covered in blue cheese crumbles. I spoke up to the bartender who said that the buffalo sauce was not vegan. That should have been stated when I asked for "vegan buffalo wings." Additionally, the menu says nothing about the sauce not being vegan. Other wing sauces are vegan. After what happened, I was turned off and simply left. 
The Belgian Cafe needs its staff to clearly explain which wing sauce is vegan and which is not when people order the seitan wings. I hope they improve the training of their staff. Better yet, they should simply make a buffalo sauce that is vegan!Best French fries in the city. They are truly incredible. The bourbon mayo is perfection (and the burgers are excellent too!)I'm a huge seafood fan and I heard that the mussels are the thing to order at the Belgian Cafe. I was not disappointed! I ordered the mussels served "herge" style with jalapeno pepper butter, cilantro, orange zest, and belgian wit ale. The mussels and broth were both excellent. The meal was also served with fries (small, thin, and mushy, I prefer a little more substance but the dipping sauce made up for it!). 
The beer selection alone is enough reason to come here-it was slightly overwhelming, but it helps to dine with beer connoisseurs who can point you in the right direction. 
The wait staff was very attentive, our drinks (beer and water) were replenished and food brought out in a timely fashion. 
The only problem we encountered is parking-there's no lot, and in this part of Philly, expect to be driving around a little to find a space on the street. Arrive early!The menu boasts "award winning fries" multiple times, almost enough to provoke skepticism. But this place backs it up! My fiancé and I both got burgers which were very good & filling. There was an extensive beer list which was nice, too. Next time I'll try a different entree, but I'm sticking with the fries.
It's very close to the indego bike share, too. So if you're up for a ride you have a great excuse to check this place out.Very good mussels.   Large beer selection from all over the world.   I come here for lunch a lot.  Nice looking restaurant with art on the walls.   If you want sometjing different then come hereThis is my favorite beer place in the city. Fresh hand cut fries and amazing fresh fried chicken. Great selection of European and other beersI like the Beer selection and the bar area. As common the Belgium beer is overpriced, though. If you share a big bottle it is a bit more reasonable. I do not like the inside dining area, it is basically a big hall.
Stay away from the food: I tried 3 times with 3 misses. Twice was steak salad with "medium" steak, which was either overdone or so rare that I could not chew it. When I asked to get another one for the rare one they just put it back on the grill, since it was sliced it turned into tasteless tough meat.Awesome.  Tons of great Belgian beers, and decent fries.  My burger was good as well.  But most importantly, you're not going to this place to get the best food in Philly...it's the selection of great beers and a waitstaff that knows their stuff.A Belgian restaurant with a surprisingly large array of vegan and vegetarian options. Who would have thought! Amazing selection of beers. Not sure about the wines, nothing jumped out. But they have mead, Its the first time I'm seeing that on a menu in Philly! 
Food: I ordered seitan wings in Mongolian sauce. It came with a vegan aoli. It was grilled to perfection and bursting with flavors. My daughter wanted to eat a salad and we managed to find a vegetarian one that had spinach and butternut squash. It was one of those salads that is just adequately nice, you can find no fault but you don't exactly clean out your plate wanting more! My husband had a German sausage with a side of fries. The sausage was about three times the size of a regular hotdog! But he says he loved it. The fries come with a bourbon sauce. Dessert options are limited- chocolate mousse or doughnuts. But here's the thing about the doughnuts- they are made fresh and come to your table piping hot with a side of warm caramel sauce. Not exactly a krispykreme!
In short, we definitely have to go back, there are plenty of things on the menu we still haven't tried.Basically a mini Monk's without the always insane wait. Miss Tavern on the Green but pleased with having this place in the neighborhood.To those beer and a burger kinda people; go to the Belgian Cafe. 
Sitting in the actual restaurant, I was consumed with the quasi Mexican restaurant lighting and colouring paired with semiavant-garde artwork. The bottled beer list is a tome, while the draft list is approachable and varied. Tragically, the Maharaja Imperial IPA was out so I went with the recommendation of the waitress. Nothing memorable, but still delicious. 
If you are going to have a burger, or any dish, named after the restaurant it has better be the best thing on the menu. Man Law. For this reason I went with the Monk's burger; caramelized leeks and blue cheese. The burger was perfectly cooked, with juicy meat and a slightly sweet taste from the leeks with a hint of brazen blue cheese punch. But it is the bun that makes these burgers; slight crisp and plump to absorb the juiciness of the burger. 
Over all satisfaction guaranteed, the only star off is due to the simple fact that the Maharaja Imperial IPA was no longer available. It is simply the principality of me being a total IPA man-whore.We had a family get-together in Philadelphia for the Army-Navy Game weekend. Visited the Eastern Penitentiary and found this place while waiting for other family members to arrive in town. 
Four of us stopped in for drinks and an appetizer (had their pretzel bites not on the menu put very good with a couple of beers).
They have an excellent beer selections - the people are very nice - bathrooms clean and a neat atmosphere interesting neighborhood.  
So for a relaxing beer or two this is the place.There is a bar and if you want food, a seating area. Both have fantastic esthetic. The small bowl of Django muscles was perfect and I look forward to trying the other varieties. The fries with mayo, awesome! The service was polite and timely. The Chimay was, as always, a perfect addition to the meal. This restaurant is perfectly placed in a nice neighborhood. I recommend this for a good time, good ambiance and good noshing!Have you ever had those times when you really need to go to the grocery store but don't have time so for a few nights you eek out weird meals comprised of the random stuff left in your fridge that is about to go bad?  This is exactly what this menu is like.  I think they are trying to be fancy with their flavor combos, but they just hugely miss the mark.  
We live around the corner, our kitchen is under construction, we keep wanting this to be our go-to place to eat but the menu is just so off it often takes three trips of the waiter back to the table before I can pick out something on the menu that doesn't sound plan nasty.  
Their mussels do not taste fresh and are an overall disappointment that I think most people forget about because they are so wowed by the ridiculous flavorings they come with - who puts cheese on muscles?  Yuck!  Their burgers are tiny and don't come with ANYTHING, no side salad, no french fries.  Those are all extra.  The hamburger is just a small piece of meat, on a small bun, on a big lonely plate.  And the wait staff can never get right whether or not they are organic.  The verdict changes with each visit and each waiter we speak with.  I do like their steak salad.  The meat is grass fed and tastes fresh.    Their fries are stubby little nuggets of crispy bits, each batch seeming like the little ends that have fallen through the basket on somebody else's order.  Their stake fries are damn tasty though.  
So, when a friend really wants to go here and I don't feel like being rude, I will go, eat an expensive steak salad and steak fries dinner and wish I had spent the money on better food somewhere else.
My husband does love the beer list.I live across the street so I pop in quite often to have one of their new draft beers which is on a rotation or expand my beer prowess by trying one of their litterally 100's of bottles.
The food is great the pork schnitzel hits the spot every time when Steve is bar backing with Marlena good times will be had by all definitely worth checking out if you're in the fairmount area!Great place to eat some good hearty food.
I really love the frites. They are amazing! 
I've had the burgers a few times and they are really great. I suggest the burger with the goat cheese which is delicious. They have a great selection of beers, a very extensive menu that is very well classified and laid out to help you choose the right one for you. However the beer menu is probably twice the size of the food menu which is discouraging. There isn't a huge selection of food. Though the mussels are a local favorite. 
The service is typically acceptable, though the last time I went the waitress seemed very upset. She also slammed out plates down onto the table a few times as well. 
It also gets pretty busy at times. Which can make the place seem crowded. 
Overall though I would suggest you go there for some good food. Very tasty, and a great place to try some new drinks. But beware that it can be hit or miss at times.Love this place - great vegan and veg friendly options oh and not to mention, Cantillon Gueuze on tap RIGHT NOW.  For an appetizer try the white bean salad, vegetarian spring rolls (cherry compote so yummy), and for the main meal, try the vegetarian reuben, it was perfect.  Food has definitely improved here and the service was great!  Check out the drawings of Brugge right above the archway before the bathroom - local artist.We were both happy to see that our favorite Belgian beer was on the menu. Lindeman's Lambic Framboise flavor has got to be the best drink I have ever had. It is quite expensive too. One bottle costing around $16 dollars. But it is so good that whenever it is offered on a menu we never fail to order it. We returned on the 4th of July wanting something other than street food stands at the parade on Benjamin Franklin. The restaurant was busy but we were seated right away. The server was very nice and attentive and immediately took our order. 
We ordered a tomato and chevre cheese flatbread as an appetizer and the portabello mushroom sandwich and mussels and fries. After all, that is what the Belgians are famous for. The flatbread was quite literally a flat piece of bread sprinkled with cheese and tomatoes and drizzled with caramelized onions and balsamic vinaigrette. I didn't like it, nor did the Count. It was too sweet and the flavors did not blend properly. 
My mussels arrived next. A huge portion with a pot covering it to be used for the empty shells. It was served with a side of crispy fries. The broth was what ruined it. It was too salty to the point that I had to drain each shell before taking out the insides. Usually the broth is the best part made to dip your bread into after the mussels are gone. But not this broth. This broth tasted like liquid salt.
The sandwich we ordered oozed with oil. The bread was most likely fried in butter. Each bite was oily. After a few bites he gave up. He moved on to the side salad, at least that wasn't covered in oil. I expected this place to be a traditional Belgian Cafe serving authentic Belgian food. Besides the mussels and fries most other items on the menu were typical of most continental restaurants (ie. hamburgers, sandwiches and salads). The quality of the food was lower than I expected.
It seems to be a great place for drinks and snacks since they have a large variety of beers and good greasy snacks. But don't count on having an amazing dining experience. Go here for the beer not the food.How do you go from 4.5 stars to 1? Poison someone. 
I don't mean to be dramatic, but serving food to someone with an allergy or disease after you told them it was fine is not acceptable. What makes that worse? Raising your voice and saying "what do you want me to do about it?" And "you don't think I know what it's like?" Please fire Patrick, a manager??? immediately.Enjoyed our dinner and beers last night at this local pub. We went a little late so there was no wait and really no crowd other than at the bar. Plenty of beers to choose from here with a solid rotating draft list. Their bottle list is a couple pages long. Onto the food. I ordered the chicken sandwich with sautéed onions, mushroom, and goat cheese. Not bad overall! The chicken was a little over cooked and dry but the flavor was great. Also ordered the steak fries and really enjoyed them. They were practically quartered potatoes with salt and pepper. Very good. Service was ok. A little slow esp for how few people were there. We will go back for beers and food again. Eat it!Stopped by the other night for a quick bite. They have outdoor seating which was perfect for that night. My friend and I shared a mussels dish. He got a Tuna Cheesesteak and I got a Burger with Onions, Mushrooms and Goat Cheese. We both really enjoyed the food. Long beer list which is also a big plus! I'd definitely recommend.Main point: Let me get the one negative remark out of the way because there's nothing else faulty with this place: the bar seating is kind of awkward and gets a little a uncomfortable when it's crowded - but this situation isn't too different from any other popular bar.  Placing this aside, the restaurant area and outdoor seating in the summer quickly outweigh the bar atmosphere.  The draft selection is constantly rotating, and the bottle selection is enormous - no Busch here, bro.  Additionally, I can only speak for the vegetarian/vegan options, but the menu certainly caters to my type  with a stellar vegan meatloaf and vegan wings.  You can sure as hell find me here once a week.
In detail: I couldn't help but go into detail in the "main point," but there's so much to squeal about with the Belgian Cafe.  Starting with the beer selection, there's always about a dozen ready to pour.  The draft list is broken into a few Belgians (usually available in glass-size only and often pricey) and about eight additional drafts - always craft brews and many are from local micro sources.  The bartenders are always friendly and most importantly know their beer - they figure out what you want and make a solid suggestion.  The latter part of the list is offered in pints and glasses (12 oz. pours I assume), perfect for those who want to go a few rounds on some pretty heavy beer.  Crammed into multiple display cases and lined up in a way that hypnotizes the beer snob, the bottle selection is unreal.  Presented in a little red book, the available bottles come from all over the world - many conditioned in bombers for a hefty price.  Prepare to spend some cash here, because you can't help but try more than one beer and order something from the menu.  
In each of my reviews is an evaluation of the vegetarian/vegan factor.  There's places with meatless items, and then there's places with straight-up vegetarian/vegan dishes.  The Belgian Cafe is one of the joints with a menu designed not to alienate the veggies.  Favorite items of mine include the vegan barbeque wings, vegan mushroom and barley risotto (if you aren't vegan then add the cheese), and the vegan meatloaf - the only place I've seen this.  And the Belgian Cafe pomme frites can't go without mention.
Finally, the atmosphere.  On a busy night (and the Belgian has many of these) the bar room can get a little hectic.  Grab a seat at the bar if you can, because otherwise the options are wall-facing bar stools or standing in a large open space.  There is a cafe space which may require a long wait when it's packed, and there is also outdoor seating - my pick on a warm night.  The servers and bartenders, as mentioned previously, are exceptionally friendly and make the experience considering their knowledge of a special craft.
Things I've heard but haven't experienced: Brunch is on another level.  Again, vegetarian and vegan (I think) friendly, the options are stellar and even better when consumed at a sidewalk table in the summer.
To conclude, as a lover of all-things-Belgian, the Belgian Cafe is not only my favorite Fairmount bar/restaurant, but my favorite place in the city.  If you're looking for $1 draft specials of Coors and killer nachos, then keep walking.  (That's not at all beer snobbery or elitism - that's me trying to get the hell away from your type.  There's a TGI Friday's on the Parkway.)  I priced this place as "moderate" - $11-30 per person assuming that you're there for a few rounds and food.like everyone else i was pretty pump when i heard monk's was opening a sister site...then i went there...disappointed...so i tried it again...then again...i heard they change some things around so i went again...i know the whole song and dance fool me once shame on u.. fool me twice..blah blah... any way the food is way overpriced for what u get.. the burgers r average and tiny for the $...and i had tasted a few other sandwiches which were so unmemorable i can not recall what they were..the mussels are definately the biggest disappointment...everytime a companion or I has gotten them they r undercook w/ 3 or 4 not even opened...plus the portion is very small.. the sauce is unimpressive...i dont even care to dip bread in it......standard tap's mussles pimp slaps Bc's mussles all the way back to belgium...the wait staff is hit or miss the times i have been there .. only saving grace is a giant list of beersSo after walking/driving past this place a couple of times and it always looks busy. The food was decent and they had a very extensive beer list. But the service sucked! I would recommend this place but only if you have a lot of time for lunch and dinner..If you love to try different varieties of beer, you will enjoy their selections. I have to say I wish their menu would have more varieties like their beer. I only would come here for burgers and mussels. That is why I am giving it a 3 stars. I like varieties and the prices is quite high here so is really a place that I go for a treat.EDIT: I'm going to leave my initial review below but I've re-rated Belgian Cafe to 4 stars. The guys finally got their act together and this place is on par if not better than Monk's (due to the shorter wait and the fact that it's 3 blocks from my apartment). Unbelievable beer selection (LaChouffe Houblon is unreal) and the small mussels is an amazing bang for buck meal. I will keep coming back again and again and again!
I am blown away by all of the positive reviews for 'Belgian Cafe'. As much as I want it to be amazing, it just isn't. Ever since the original Monk's downtown has dropped the ball with the quality of their food I wasn't expecting too much.
Belgian Cafe does have an incredible selection of beer but the positive things stop there. Twice I've been for the mussels and received a bowl that maybe had 5 or 6 edible in there. The rest of them were either empty or closed. I've ordered the burger once and friends have also and every time it has been dry and tasteless.
Belgian Cafe is one place where I actually agree with a Craig LaBan review. They have a long way to come and maybe if the owners gave it some more attention, it could really brighten up the neighborhood.
UPDATE: I went to Belgian Cafe last week to have some beers while my friends ordered the food. The mussels that I tried and the burger was definitely on par to Monk's so hurrah! I will go back soon for a full meal and may consider changing my above review.I would've given this place 5 stars, but service was really slow for brunch. I had the vegan creamed chip beef and we got vegan beignets for the table. Both were delicious, but the beignets were to die for! Highly recommend!The Belgian Cafe definitely deserves more respect and props from my previous review.  On Sunday I treated my parents to a mid day lunch.  We splurged on numerous things from the menu.  Bosch Mussels, Pomme Frites, Chicken Salad, Smoked Turkey Cheese steak (Special), and I got the Eggs Benedict.
To start the Bosch mussels were simply amazing.  My parents were ranting and raving about some of the mussels they had in the past in New England but when they tasted these... words couldn't describe the expression on their faces on how much they liked it.  The Pomme Frites with their dipping sauces were tasty as always.  The salad was great and they always are.  The smoked turkey in the special was wonderful.  And finally, the Eggs Benedict which was on top of a Belgium waffle was d-d-delicious.  Normally I would of gotten a beer to go along but not this time.  However, if i had to make a recommendation I would try, "Petrus Aged Pale".  I tried this at Monks and I was stimulated and hooked.
Between the three of us and our splurge the bill was not bad at all.  My previous review said it was kinda pricey but I totally take that back.
7 Stars!This is our go to neighborhood spot. The beer list is phenomenal, the fries are heavenly, and the prices are reasonable. My only problem is, going as often as we do, I sometimes run out of options on the menu.Did the chicken finger batter change? Or was it because I was the first to order it off the dinner menu a few Friday's ago? I am hoping its the latter of the two as I was disappointed about the chicken to breading ratio. The breading was soggy and there was little to know chicken in my finger. I want to believe it was due to being early and this was the first batch of the night. If I came back around midnight they would've been just like I remembered... :)
Always great staff & beer selection however. Off to the Sixers game we went!With nearly 200 reviews here, why do you need mine?  People here have covered the vegan fare, and this place shows that vegan food can be offered among many meat dishes, pleasing everyone even when you are with a diverse group.  
While there is not a huge array of vegan, we can order straight off the menu and can't get to everything in one night, which is always a plus.  We were stuffed splitting the Korean BBQ seitan tacos, spring rolls with a cherry compote, and the wings with tasty creamy sauces, which my husband raved and raved about.  Next time I will try the Stuffed Tofu, filled with nuts and fruit.
He wished there were more actual Belgians on draft instead of just Belgian-style.  I am not as into Belgian beer and was happy with my Sierra Nevada rye ale.  
We have come for lunch but wish we could make the brunch sometime to try the vegan creamed dried beef on toast, something I never thought I'd be eating again.  It's so cool that they make savory comfort dishes with lots of flavor and spice.  
We had a long wait late on a Friday night which was expected, but the hostess remembered us and took care of us in the time quoted   Nice that the outdoor seating is non-smoking.  
Overall, it is a colorful, comfy space with two personalities, a bright front dining room and a wood paneled old-timey dark bar.  This is an easy walkable location to enjoy a late snack and drink after events at the Free Library or the art museum.  (Leave a half hour for parking however; no garages!)  Great library lecture recently by Tavis Smiley and Dr. Cornel West on their anti-poverty tour.  The library gets such good authors, especially on the topic of social justice (Amy Goodman, Peter Singer, Jonathan Safran Foer, and on and on).  Maybe Tavis and Dr. West can come to the poorest city in the country, Reading, PA.I'm not a big fan of the food but the beer selection is great. The Korean tacos were gross. When we asked for some sauce to salvage the taco they sent some habenero sauce that was waaaay toooo spicy. We also tried the smoked trout which got mixed reviews from the group.stopped by for late dinner after volleyball.  had their brower burger (a bit over done for my liking), but with sauteed onions, mushrooms and goat cheese...it tasted great.  and pomme frites that accompanied the burger were especially yummy with the aioli.Really great spot for drinks in Fairmount.  I met a friend there on a Saturday night around 8:30.  Bar space was hard to come by, but we eventually managed to grab two seats at the side bar.  Later on we were able to move to the main bar.  There was a great draft list with lots of variety.  The bottle list is really extensive.  I definitely have to go back for some mussels and fries.Not a fan. Frustrated by their draft beer choices and worse than mediocre food. Need to think twice before I visit here next time.We've dined here 4x the summer of 2014. It has become a favorite place for my 22 year old and I. A place where both generations dig the vibe of this place. Inside the walls are adorned with fresco paintings. The bar is wooden and reminiscent of Europe. The outside dining is protected from the elements and very comfortable.
They offer the standard Belgians and may more. The food is excellent. Service is very good. Try it. You won't be disappointed.What a Beer Menu. Awesome bottles . Couldn't be happier with the service and the room . Perfect . Perfect . Perfect .I dislike The Belgian Cafe as much as I dislike The Bishop's Collar. Another place for yuppies* to sit outside for 4 hours with their chairs on a funny angle in order to ogle passers-by more efficiently.
*Note: I, too, am a young urban professional and I live in Fairmount, so I somewhat identify with this demographic. This is just an observation.I was visiting the nearby Rodin Museum. It was a beautiful day, so my husband and I thought a nice cold beer and a nibble to eat would be perfect. We headed to the Belgian Café. A short walk from the Rodin, we arrived and saw there was outdoor seating available. Saturdays and Sundays they have a brunch menu. We had already had breakfast, so we looked over the burger menu. We saw the brie and jalapeno burger and decided to split it. Along with the burger we ordered a side or fries and a couple beers. The beer selections is long and distinguished. I'm by no means a beer snob, but I enjoy Belgians. I ordered a St. Bernardus and hubby orderedt a Belgian. I can't remember the name but it had hints of ancho chile's that you could taste on  the front of your tongue. Our burger arrived and they kindly cut it in half and put it on another plate. It.was.delicious. Spicy, but the creaminess of the brie balanced it out. You could also tell the burger was high quality meat. The fries are shoestring, my favorite and was served with a flavored mayo that had a kick. I added some to my burger. 
We ordered another round of drinks and wrapped up our visit here. I really enjoy the outdoor seating, beer selection, and food quality. I will definitely return if I'm in the neighborhood.Meh pretty much sums up my late lunch (2:30) experience at The Belgian Cafe.
On the up-side they have an extensive selection of European beers with a warning on top of the menu that basically says that some of these beers may be funky but don't expect to get your money back if you don't like it.
I started off with some frites and a Chimay red. The fries tasted like they were cooked earlier and left sitting under the heat lamp...limp and somewhat stale. I decided on the Magritte burger medium rare. The burger was cooked perfectly but lacked ANY seasoning...a little salt while cooking would have made the difference. The bun was a semi stale brioche type that encompassed the non-seasoned patty. The purple onion overpowered the small slice of tomato and Swiss. For dessert I had the fruit crisp. The server said that it would take 15 minutes to prepare and that got me excited expecting a made to order plate. My excitement diminished when I took a bite and realized that the dessert was prepared much earlier and had been in the refrigerator. The time was needed to re-heat...mine was stone cold in the center. I'm sure that if I had ordered a pot of mussels and a beer instead... my experience would have been better.My friends and I stumbled upon this place on Saturday afternoon and decided to go in for lunch. The restaurant decor was very artsy. Wasn't really my style but it was quirky and bright. We were seated immediately. I wasn't all that hungry so I simply got the mussels and tomato soup. The others got chicken and waffles, mussels in a pot, and a burger - and of course plenty of beer. I only tasted one beer but I think I finally found a beer I really like! Note to self: must research name of brand. The soup I got came out piping hot and it was very filling. It was seasoned well and tasted good. I quite enjoyed my meal. I also tasted the pomme frites and it was addictive. I wasn't hungry at all but I kept popping them in my mouth, they were so good! I tasted my friend's mussels and while it wasn't the best I ever had, it was still pretty darn tasty. The atmosphere was a bit loud but it's only because there was a large group there for a convention or something. The service was friendly and fast. I would definitely come back.new fav. bar...the best mussel bisque with a good vibe and atmosphereSecond time having brunch here and the food was excellent again. Had their scrambled eggs special with a potato leek hash. The eggs were cooked perfectly! Will definitely keep visiting.Pretty good! They had Monk's cafe fries (don't know if that means they're actually the same ones or if they just give them that name...). The fries were ok, a little soft for me. I prefer thicker and crispier. 
The mussels were great.... But to be honest, the best part of the whole meal was their house made smoked ketchup! Definitely request itFood A- 
Similar menu to monks downtown. I had the monks mussels and apple and cheese salad. The mussels come with their frites and spicy aioli which was really yummy. The broth was really good. The salad was fine, but I was expecting a larger, more filling size. This is definitely side salad level. 
Huge selection of beers in bottles and on tap for reasonable prices. I like that you can chose the size from glass to pint. Knowledgable waitstaff. 
Ambience B+
Toned down from the gastropubs downtown but can still be loud at times. Lots of seating so didn't have to wait for a seat on Friday night. 
Service A-
Friendly waitstaff. I forgot my ID and had to go back to my car to get it and the waitstaff were so apologetic even though it wasn't their fault.The food was good but not great although they had a great beer selection. No complaints on the service. 
Overall there is nothing to complain about... However I did not love it.Great Pub, great food and great vegan options but if you go there a lot like me I wish they had more choices in vegan food.Where to begin, where to begin. Well, this is tricky - I've been here four times and I've always been satisfied with my meal. This uni-star rating is more or less the arithmetic average of those four dining experiences, skewed low due to the story about which I shall now regale you.
Myself and six friends just came from a July 4th BBQ yet we were still completely famished. When we walked in and told the hostess the number of guests in our party, she rolled her eyes, chuckled sarcastically, and shook her head. Looks like we're going to have to sit at the bar.
Aaron O, one of the guests in our party, worked his magic (slipped her a $20?, showed her his love sausage?) and we were somehow seated  immediately. Then we played the waiting game. Five minutes goes by and we're engaged in delightful banter. Ten minutes pass, and I notice my comrades check their watches. At the fifteen minute mark, The loud drunk girl in our group gets ornery.
After about 19 minutes, a waitress strolls over, completely unapologetic about the wait time and, in a quiet mumble, asks us if we're ready for our drink order. I reminded her that first we'd require menus, along with the standard complimentary glass of water.
We eventually got around to placing our order: mussels, burgers, garlic sausage, chicken fingers, blah blah blah.
I had never tried their mussels but had heard they were on par with Monk's. When they finally arrived, I was quite underwhelmed. Small and overcooked, in what tasted like briny dishwater and served with only one piece of bread. Let me repeat that - ONE piece of bread. For seven people.
My compatriots exclaimed that their meals were equally disappointing, from the overly greasy chicken fingers, to the gamy sausage, to the "kill-it-with-fire-til-it-looks-like-a-lump-of-coal" overcooked hamburger. No condiment option besides flavored mayo ("aoli" as it is marketed) and what tasted like a blend of ketchup and cigarette butts. Soviet Russia had it better.
The meal was so stress-inducing, I needed to leave the table to go outside for a xanax-cigarette cocktail but I couldn't even get passed the multitude of smug, self-important couples conversing near (read blocking) the front entrance. Excuse me? Nothing. Err...pardon me, please. Still nothing. I had to pry them apart with my arms like I was  opening a rusty barn door with a crowbar.
But that's when Ashton Kutcher came out from behind the bar and said, "Eric, old buddy, you got punk'd!!!" Then I laughed and we bumped chests.
Wait, that didn't happen at all. We just settled out tab and left in a huff. Still felt like we got punk'd.I was given a gift certificate for this place so my wife and I stopped in after seeing the new exhibits at the Franklin Institute. It was a nice day but we sat inside as the outside tables were full.
We found our waiter to be satisfactory, he stopped by occasionally, not especially engaging, but hey, we arent there to make new friends with them, better aloof than Outback where the wait staff practically sits on your lap.
The Van Eyke mussels were excellent as well as the Monk burger I had. Tap selection is extensive. They also have hundreds of bottles to choose from. I often wonder how they all keep the less popular bottles from expiring past the freshness date. We will be back if in the area again.Yum yum yum! This has become my go-to spot since I moved into Fairmount. I've not yet had a bad experience here. The wait staff is fantastic, and even my doggie appreciated the bowl of water he was given after a long, hot day of moving in. The mussels and burgers are great (and not overpriced) and the extensive beer selection is even better! I shall be returning here over and over again.Flies, flies, flies, and more flies.  I ate there and there were at least fifty flies (both tiny fruit flies and big black flies) all over the windows.  You were continually dive-bombed by them throughout the meal.  I spent the entire time with my hand over my beer to keep them out, but still ended up with one doing the backstroke in my ale.
It can be a nice place, but if the dining room is infested I'm sure the kitchen is as well.  I will never eat (or drink) there again.It can be hard to find a place to eat with my roommate since she is vegan and I am quite the carnivore, but lately we have been finding places that cater handsomely to both domains and The Belgian Cafe is no exception. 
They had a friendly number of vegan-friendly dishes including seitan wings, seitan sandwiches, and tempura. I was really impressed with those options and even sampled some off my friend's plate and they were really savory and just as good as their meaty counterparts. 
I ordered a burger and always do. I stick to Bruegel as I am not too adventurous. It is just the typical bacon burger but damn it is good! I also like to get Endive/Artichoke Hash when I come at brunch time. They're redolent of potato latkes and equally delicious. 
Dessert: excellent, excellent chocolate moose and donuts to boot! 
The mood and decor is really friendly and comfortable. The service is quick and helpful. The menu adds a special or two unique to each day of the week and the price is not too bad.
The only beef I had is with the pommes frites. I am not a fan of thinly-cut fries and was upset to not see an option for home fries or steak fries; after all, the menu is very burger friendly and I found myself a bit remiss without a healthy portion of fries alongside my burger.Amazing beer selection. I have a trip coming up to Iceland so I tried their Icelandic beer which was delicious! We ordered the fries and the sauces they came with were great. I had the mac & cheese as my entree because I wasn't too hungry and it's definitely one of the best mac & cheeses i've had in the city so far! SO good. I would come back just for the Mac!Come here for beer! They have a glorious array of wonderful beer on tap for great prices. The food is quite pricey in my opinion - expect to spend at least $15-25 for a meal. That being said, they do make a delicious burger. The outdoor seating is great too. Really peaceful location with good people watching.I come here for the beer and the vegan food... in that order. The stuffed tofu appetizer is amazing. Nice and salty. The vegan burger is delicious and let's not forget the seitan wings appetizer! To die for! I frequent this place often, although, getting a table can be tricky on weekend evenings. It's usually not a very long wait, though. The outside seating is excellent in the summer. This place rocks. Oh, and I even left my wallet here once and they returned it to me! How awesome is that?So we ventured there on one random Sunday afternoon, reluctantly tearing ourselves away from our beloved St. Stephens Greene, in search of some perfect mussels.  
Upon our arrival, we were immediately put off by the fact that the bartender was seated at the bar, with her friends.  She continued to sit there until we made it obvious that we were no longer patient.  She handed us menus and proceeded to the other end of the bar, where her friends were seated.  She continued ignoring us.  We finally ordered beers, but with the lackluster, unenthusiastic service, we no longer excited to eat mussels and wanted to leave asap.  I believe the food is OK, but I will not spend money at a place where I feel as though I'm bothering someone by patronizing their establishmentI had the Herge Mussels that comes with Pomme Fries and mayo sauce. Also had a bite of the Grilled Andouille Po Boy. The mussels was subtle for my liking, the flavor is there but barely. The soupy sauce wasn't thick enough, could use some starch to thicken the sauce so that it sticks to the mussels for better flavoring. Because the sauce wasn't absorbed into the mussels it just tasted like boiled mussels instead. The Pomme fries was good with the mayo sauce, a little on the salty side. And the Grilled Andouille Po Boy was a fancy way of making a spicy sausage that I can get from a food truck on the streets, wasn't bad... but just pricey.Great beer, super food. Too bad the service was rude, lackadaisical and indifferent. Server wouldn't let us sit at adjacent tables because they were in different sections and was against rules - really!I went on a mission to sample a cornucopia of the finest beer selections from across the world, a.k.a. to tie one on, but my palate, and my heart, were captured by the very first beer I tried. There is an utterly delightful selection of Weyerbacher beers on tap right now ($6). Merry Monks was the breadwinner in this person's opinion. It is a smooth, golden tripel with a fruity aroma (banana, apricot perhaps) and a smooth finish, so smooth it goes down like Gatorade on a hot day. Also from Weyerbacher they have something they liken to "a hefe weize on acid"!?! Remarkable.
The Pomme Fries are always a favorite. Just typing this makes me want to whip up a batch of bourbon mayonnaise and grab a spoon. Their burgers are awesome though I'm partial to the Monk's burger with caramelized leeks and bleu cheese. The Herge mussels are mixed with I think their flemish ale, jalapeno, orange, butter and some other jazz... Brunch - gotta try the Bloody Mary mussels. The Croque Madame is a kickin open-faced sandwich with sunnyside up eggs, gruyere and lancaster ham. Perfect way to start the day. I plan on making the Belgian Cafe my second home, maybe settle down there and raise some kidsI was never a huge burger person...until I moved down the street from Belgian!! I will always have a soft spot in my heart for this place because this is where I fell in love with burgers!! Never disappointing either! (  Great aoli too )
Service is always spot on! I came here for my friends birthday and we probably had a party of 15 people, even with that many people the service and food were great! If you don't live near Fairmount, its worth the trip!Okay...so my disclaimer is that I only came here once during my Philly trip.
I ordered the salmon burger, which was decent. My dish came with salad and sweet potato fries. I was pretty excited about the fries, except for the fact that they were on the fatter side and a bit soggy. I like mine thin and crispy. 
Impressed with the beer list and the beers that were ordered come in big bottles (two regular pub glasses worth). 
Interior: There's a difference in feel between the bar area and the dining area. Bar area seems dark and damp. The dining area is dimly lit, cleaner feeling. 
Crowd: Visited on early Friday night. Not crowded. A few families were there with their kiddies. Bar crowd perhaps up to early to mid thirties.I love the mussels here. They are cooked and seasoned in just the right way.  It is really a deal for under $10.  Especially since they are served with delicious fresh cut fries and homemade aoli for dipping.  Also, the cafe has a great beer selection on tap which change regularly.
Beers + Mussels = Perfect Combo  
With that said the is wonderful, but the service is not that great.  i came in looking for a hostess to get a table outside and could not find anyone actually working.  They were too busy chowing down on food to do their job.  I had to get a manager to seat us.  Then our server took forever to notice the table. After bringing the food out she disappeared.  We had to go into the restaurant to ask for her check after waiting 20 minutes.  The restaurant was empty inside, so it is not like she was busy.  Maybe next time we will get a better server and I will change my mind...Go on a random day at a random time and it is a great place to eat well and drink great beer.  Go on a Friday or Saturday evening and it might be a little tough to get a table.  But always enjoy the beer selection.  There is something for everyone.Went here recently for lunch and had some good food! We sat outside, which was nice. I got the seitan buffalo wings, which were AMAZING. Very impressed with those and would definitely recommend them to fellow non-meat eaters. The Monk's mussels were just okay- the mussels themselves were good and the portion was huge, but the garlic-parsley sauce was really watery. 
Service was slow, but the waitress was friendly. I'll be back.Enjoyed our dinner and beers last night at this local pub. We went a little late so there was no wait and really no crowd other than at the bar. Plenty of beers to choose from here with a solid rotating draft list. Their bottle list is a couple pages long. Onto the food. I ordered the chicken sandwich with sautéed onions, mushroom, and goat cheese. Not bad overall! The chicken was a little over cooked and dry but the flavor was great. Also ordered the steak fries and really enjoyed them. They were practically quartered potatoes with salt and pepper. Very good. Service was ok. A little slow esp for how few people were there. We will go back for beers and food again. Eat it!Despite Schuyler L.'s run-in with soggy French Toast at brunch, I still enjoy this place.
A few friends took me out for a belated-birthday drink. As usual, I had to request the Monk's Flemish Sour Ale which I now have several other friends veritably addicted to. It's sweet and refreshing with a hint of tang. I also tried the Young's Chocolate Stout which was delicious - rich, velvety, great foamy head. Essentially, it's dessert in a beer. The can also contains this thing called a "widget" which releases nitrogen once you pop the top to simulate what would happen if it were on tap. It blends the stout into creamy goodness so don't be alarmed by something rolling around at the bottom of your can.
I tried to Reuben sandwich which was surprisingly delicious for how little meat I eat. Tender corned beef, gooey swiss cheese, and crisp buttery bread. Of course, there were fries as well with a generous portion of their dipping sauce. We also shared an item off of the dessert menu, but I can't recall the name. Basically, they're awesome cinnamon-sugared doughnuts. They come with a caramel dipping sauce, but I found it too rich for my blood. The doughnuts are warm and made of a dense cake that crumbles in your mouth. It puts anything you'd get at Dunkin' Donuts to shame by a lot. 
All in all, another fantastic evening!I really, REALLY want to like this place and be able to rayelp(rave-yelp) about it. This is a perfect place for me to love - outside seating, near my place, belgian beer, and mussels.. Really, I could have been blinded about the whole congregation of live and dead fly problems that everyone seems to be talking about.
BUT they check ID's at the door. Normally I wouldn't mind this but you need to be 21 to eat here? WTF? I brought my sister for lunch and I wasn't even thinking about drinking - which is pretty rare, I admit. However, the hostess said you had to be 21 to enter. I get it. It's your rule, I'm not going to try to break it. However, the more and more I think about it, I get even more pissed off. Why can't you just card at the table if WE HAPPENED TO ORDER ALCOHOL? 
I still can't believe I was turned down to eat lunch at this place. I'm never going back.I would never go out of my way to eat here, but for a neighborhood staple, it's pretty good. The patio is cute and cozy, which is the main reason I like it here, and the beer selection is good. The veggie burgers aren't homemade, the service is just okay (we had a really strange experience with our waitress the first night here... it's a long story, but she definitely seemed like she could be high), and the food in general is a little meh. I've heard from lots of people that it's best to just stick to the mussels & frites, which I will probably do from now on. There's much better places in the city to get vegetarian/vegan fare.I've been here several times.  The burgers are a bit on the small side, but very very good.  The soups are always good, the buffalo shrimp with fried cheeseballs are delicious.  The beer selection is outstanding.  The only thing I've had here that was bad was the macaroni and cheese, which was awful.  It's like they melted a big blob of cheese with the macaroni, the texture was super clumpy and it was a pile of grease in the bowl.  Couldn't even eat it.  But salads, soups, burgers, appetizers, beer selection - all very good.  I will be back and do recommend it.This bar is similar to Monk's (I think they have the same owner).  I actually liked Beligan Cafe better than Monk's due to the fact that this place is way less crowded and we easily found a spot to sit at the bar.
I ordered similar things off of the menu from last time we went to Monk's.  I had a Bruegel style burger (which came with bacon and cheddar) and my husband had a chicken sandwich.  My burger was cooked to perfection with no skimping out on the toppings. Same with my husband's chicken sandwich. The food was cooked way better than our last experience at Monk's (we had to send the chicken sandwich back because the chicken wasn't fully cooked). We also grabbed beers off of the draft list which were real good too.  I would definitely come back!The Belgian restaurant may be known for their beer (authentic & strong!), but it's their burgers that keep the crowds coming back for more. 
With 8 different kinds of burgers and toppings including bacon, cheddar cheese, leeks, onions, ham and more, my mouth is watering already. I've tried the Bruegel (bacon & cheddar) and the Chimay (ham & Chimay cheese). They're a bit pricey, but so worth it. 
Must have: Frites, Frites, Frites--a whole big plate of them! So addicting!I love how the Belgian Cafe is tucked into the neighborhood and a short walk from my place. The evening was perfect for sitting outside which is also reflected in the rating. It took the waitress a little longer than I'd like to make her introduction and take the drink and appetizer order. The bulk of the menu is their impressive beer selection but I was happily satisfied with the creative but short food menu. My boyfriend ordered the De Koninck, a Belgian amber, he enjoyed it and to my surprise since I don't usually go for ambers, I did too. It didn't have the bitter after taste I associate with many ambers and wasn't malty. For an appetizer we had the Spinach and Artichoke dip. Wish it would have been made with less mayo and more spinach but I loved that they kept the artichokes whole. They also accommodated our order with celery sticks along side the freshly fried pita bread. I was very grateful. 
Our main dishes came out moments after we finished off the appetizer. Perfect timing and unexpected to our delight. For our entrees, I had the Vegetable Zucchini Noodles - the noodles are very thinly sliced zucchini along with tomatoes, peas, onions, asparagus, and yellow squash. I loved the gluten free, vegan option!  It was seasoned with parsley and lemon. However, I only felt like I had one good bite with lemon flavor and would have preferred more but the dish was still delicious! The bf had the pulled brisket sandwich with coleslaw on the side. He put the coleslaw on top of the sandwich and dug in. The brisket was very juicy and uniquely flavored although somewhat on the messy side, was completely worth it. 
The waitress could have done a bit better job checking in as my bf had to ask for water at the same time we put in our entree order and we ended up going inside to pay. I am looking forward to visiting Belgian Cafe again to try some of their salads and mussels! I know the beer selection would keep my bf satisfied for several visits.So here's the thing. Unfortunately I do not venture out of my Lombard to Market, 22nd to 4th street world  very often. It is comfortable and there seems to me that there is no need (aside from food shopping and Ikea) to leave. We've got everything in the grid. 
Buuut one by one, friends seem to be moving out of the neighborhood, into the "hipper" parts of town. So when I got a call from one of my oldest friends for brunch on Saturday (in Fairmount, gasp) I was a little annoyed and a little skeptical. 
I was pleasantly surprised by this place (it also helped that I found a great spot and aced the parking job). Although I did not imbibe, the beer list looked great. The coffee was strong and there was great light coming in from huge windows in the dining room. 
We both had the Mussel bisque which was entirely underwhelming. It tasted like cream and not much else, but I was pretty ravenous so I ate it all. He had the creamy chicken salad which was more or less a cobb salad doused in mayo and mushed all together. AKA : delish. 
I had a chicken sandwich with leeks and blue cheese. An easy thing to get right and they did. Fries on the side with the Monks bourbon mayo. So good. 
If you are in the neighb it is probably worth it to check it out at least for a beer and a burger.Tucked just a short distance away from Eastern State, the Belgian Cafe offers a very cozy, solid spot to by for a meal or a few drinks. Aiming to be like a traditional European pub, it serves upscale pub grub, making it a good spot for lunch, and a fantastic beer selection. It's the kind of place that invites your to linger and spend your time with good company. It also has great outdoor seating for the warmer months.We stopped by for a late lunch. Had a chicken sandwich which was good but nothing out of the ordinary. My wife enjoyed the veggie burger made in house! A great selection of beers. Has cider on tap. Decor is dated and beat up but eclectic. Strange nudes painted on the walls and dead plants in glass balls hanging in front of the windows (neither detracts from the meal but thought it might put others off). Service was good. Overall I would return and recommend it to others.My first visit to the Belgian Cafe was on a weekend night, after a good prefunk with my lady and some of her friends. To my amazement, I found Dogfish Head 120 Minute IPA on the beer list, and at 20% alcohol, it blacked me out completely, to the point of sleepwalking a few hours later. Woo.
I hadn't been back since this past weekend, when my lady and I took my sister for a quick dinner before her train out of town. Our server was a super-friendly blonde girl whose timing was impeccable throughout the meal. We had a bowl of mussels, a delightfully daunting portion of some of the largest (and tastiest) mussels I've ever enjoyed. I had a burger and loved it, my sister had a vegan burger and loved it, and my lady had the pork schnitzel and loooooved it. Hats off to the fries, too - if I came here just to drink, I'd make sure to keep a steady flow of their delicious pomme frites for a good stomach base.
And believe me, I will be back to drink. The beer list here is nothing short of overwhelming, the kind that makes you feel like quitting your job and moving next door is the only way to ever really get to know it from top to bottom. A heavy emphasis on Belgian beers gives way to a staggering list of domestics and other beers from across the globe.
Outdoor seating is nice, and it frees up all the good tables inside. Win-win. Now that I've visited the wonderful Belgian Cafe without getting insanely drunk off of one beer, I want to scream their name from a mountaintop.I visited this establishment last night,,, been here before awesome beer list, great selection ,food was outstanding... But the bartender had no clue that was really upsetting I don't have the time to read through 600 beers I felt like I was pulling teeth just to ask him for a suggestion.Hands down the best vegan wings I have ever had! The beer list is extensive and defnitely worth checking out. I am typically not a fan of french fries, but their thinly cut and well seasoned pomme frites are a must try!Waited one hour for a table, ridiculous. Great beer, mediocre food, definitely not worth the wait.Well our son finally moved out of the house (praise the Lord) to the Fairmount section of the city.  He called and invited us to come into the city and try this restaurant, which is one of his favorites, and he said he would pay the tab.  After being revived from a dead faint, I agreed.  It was a beautiful, warm spring evening so when we got there we decided to eat outside.  The beer selection was amazing, the service attentive and the mussels were delish.  'nuff said.  Some how though, Dad ended up footing the bill.  Maybe it was the good Belgian beer.Excellent food every time I've been there and the beer list is like a beer bible. Cannot recommend this highly enough.Great beer selection. Our server was very friendly and helpful. The vegan burger with goat cheese and mushrooms were great. We're not very into french fries, but since it was a Belgian Cafe, we thought we aught to try them and we weren't disappointed. Really great fries.Belgian Cafe has turned me from someone who would barely look at a mussel to someone who will actually eat them on occasion. For that, they get high marks. Their french fry dipping sauce is also to be praised.
And of course, they serve my favorite: Monk's Sour Flemish Ale. 
Overall, a good neighborhood spot where you can meet up with friends for a drink and dinner. Or, take a good book and treat yourself.Stoped for lunch with all intentions on going to what was once  TheTavern Green so decided to still have lunch.Ihave eaten at Monks several times so was familar with the foof.I decided to try something that was different Mussel Bisque that was like sipping milk with my spoon did not care for it.The mussels were delis as usual and my son said,It was the best burger and the Fritta fries were awesome but a little to well cook for my likeing.I have wanted to try out this place since I moved to Philly about 2 years ago, and finally got a chance this past weekend.
As a vegetarian who loves trying vegan options at restaurants, this place really overwhelmed me with the options! I definitely need to go back for the sweet potato hummus. This time I kept it simple with the vegan burger, made un-vegan by topping it with beer-brined cheese (woah- flavor explosion) and sprouts (sounds weird, but they were the perfect complement!) Oh man. This might've been the best veggie burger I've had at a restaurant. The patty was more like a vegetable and potato pancake, fried to a crispy-edged finish (a little too crispy, but I'll let it slide). 
The fries, which I've heard raves about, were good. My boyfriend was nuts about them, while I thought they were "good" but not otherworldly. The bourbon mayo really made that part of the meal, though.
With plenty on tap and plenty of delicious and not-too-expensive items on the menu, I recommend the Belgian Cafe as probably the best restaurant in the area for vegetarians and/or beer-lovers and/or people with good taste. Then again, to my knowledge there's not much else around that fits the bill.Great place, has a good balance of Belgian (mussels and fries), pub (burgers and sandwiches) and their own (stews, fish, salads).
In addition to that, or first and foremost, lots of bottled and draft beer.
If you like seafood - go for the fish stew, but forgo the mussel soup (it is the base for the stew).BLUF (Bottom Line Up Front): Mussels, beer, burgers and frites - need we say more?
We left Philly back in 2010, but every time we come back we always stop here.
Amy: Awesome selection of mussels. The Django mussels are out of this world. Beer is great. I got a peach beer there once. It was on tap. It was a perfect blend of fruit and beer, but not too syrupy.
Paul: Make sure you ask for extra bread because you want to use it to soak up the broth.  Portion size for the large order of mussels is huge.  Usually we order two small orders of mussels and split the burger.
Pomme frites are delicious.  They have a bbq ketchup and aioli.  Both are wonderful
Great beer selection.
Added bonus: when it is warm you always want to sit outside. The neighborhood is wonderful for people watching and it is relatively quiet.Everything about our lunch at Belgian Cafe today was just ok. There was nothing bad, but nothing fantastic either.  Our waitress was timely, and friendly, but not too interested in making sure our meals was great. We ordered a burger, chicken sandwich, and a side of fries. The bread was really fresh, but overall the food was nothing I would go back for or crave. 
However, nor surprisingly , Their beer and mussel menu looked awesome. We didn't have either, but I think I would stick to these next time.  The inside was really cozy, and there is a nice patio area. It was comfortable and nice, so we would go back and try and the mussels and a good Belgian beer!Very similar to the monks cafe but smaller. I think the mussels here are not as good compared to monks cafe but that is just my taste.
I don't fancy the location too much, hard to find parking but it does cater to the locals that live around the art museum. Good place to get Belgium beer, they do sell 6 packs ranging from $15 and up to go. Single bottles as well.
If you like Belgium beers and dishes, give this place a try.I had the Bruegel burger (medium rare) and a side of frites, washed down with a bottle of Left Hand Milk Stout.  The burger was juicy, properly cooked, and delicious (the sharp cheddar on top really made it), and the frites came with a remoulade and a really nice smoked ketchup.  Top that off with a good beer from their very extensive selection, and it was a great lunch.
One of the best burgers I've had in Philadelphia.  Definitely going back.I (used to) love coming here for beers and frites. Their moules and brunch aren't half bad, but night time is the right time for Belgian Café. Service has always been better than Monk's. I've never made leftovers out of a meal here, so portions might be slightly more European sized, but that's a plus if you're heading here before the Museum of Art or something.I had been here once before for just drinks prior to this visit for dinner on our way to Eastern State Penitentiary.  I love Monk's in Center City (same ownership) so I knew I'd like something about this place.  Just like Monk's, their beer selection is vast and their menu has that different, creative element you will only find at Philly pubs, except it is slightly more budget-friendly than Monks.  Unfortunately, the wait staff is poor.  
We sat in their outdoor seating area along Green St. (which was pretty large by Philadelphia standards).  We ordered the sweet potato latkes as an appetizer, and a pickled jalapeno burger and a brisket sandwich as our entrees.  The server didn't write down our order, which was odd.  Twenty minutes later our entrees arrived...no appetizer.  We asked the food runner about the appetizer, and all he said was "oh, I'm sorry..." and walked away.
About twenty minutes after that, the server came by to ask if we wanted more beers, the first time we saw her since we ordered.  She had no idea the appetizer never came out.  Disappointed and still curious what the latkes tasted like, we re-ordered the latkes and had them after our entrees.  They would have been awesome had they not been overcooked.
Bottom line:  This is a great local Fairmount bar for its beer selection and slightly upscale bar food, but poor wait staff makes it not great as a restaurant.  Great for catching up with friends and having some beer & grub, but not for a dinner date.Great location for good beer and great vegetarian food. Everything I had was excellent and the veggie buffalo wings I would highly recommend. There are tastier choices but these are a lot of fun. Service was also excellent. 
Others in my party weren't as thrilled with thier meat based dishes but I wasn't able to verify thier claims.Oi I really really want to like this place, I live close by and have gone here several times but have almost always been let down. My boyfriend and I LOVE going to Monks, but Belgian Cafe is really not the same at all. Other than the fact that they both have a great beer list and they both offer mussels that is the only thing they share. 
The menu is not the same as Monks, and the kitchen staff is also not on the same level as Monks either. Yes they both have the mussels which are good, but sometimes you want to go to a good bar and eat something other than mussels.  The korean tacos are gross, I actually could barely eat more than 2 bites, the portabella ruben is also not good, the burgers are really meh (you have to pay extra for tomato and onion on some of the burgers, what?). The manhattan chowder tasted like it was from a can. The bbq seitan wings are okay, the first time I ordered them they were okay, the second I got them they were kinda soggy. In my head I can't stop comparing them to the seitan hot wings at El Camino which are the best in Philly in my opinion. The mussels are good they are the only thing I've gotten and been happy with, also the fries are alright.  Pretty much every time we've been here and have gotten a green salad it has come with either very little or no dressing at all. 
I just think their menu and kitchen staff need a serious revamping, and this place would be great. 
All this said yes the beer selection is good,  and the service while never inspiring is always decent.  My only complaint about the beer would be I really wish they had the Monk's flemish red ale on tap because I really love that beer.
The dining space has great potential but really the walls are painted an awful orange color, and the paintings of those ladies are really awkward (ie. ugly). 
So if you go to Belgian Cafe make sure to eat beforehand and just sit at the bar .Sister restaurant/bar to Monks Cafe.
Mussels are awesome here - try the Django style. I like the fries better here than Monks. Try the duck breast as well. Lots of options for vegans too.
This place is also really good for brunch as well.This is another great place to sit outside on a nice evening. I like it better than Kite and Key, although they have less outdoor seating.  
The french fries are the same as Monk's without the wait.  The hamburgers have always been delicious and well cooked. The mussels are good, but attract flies so be aware when ordering those and seated outside. 
They give your dog water and don't mind when the dogs are in the  middle of the sidewalk. 
They have a good beer list, which changes maybe weekly.  They always have good recommendations if you aren't sure what you are into. 
Prices are reasonable.Pretty sweet beer selection here, the muscles are always cool.  I really like the loud, inviting, colorful (paint job on the walls) atmosphere in this place. I definitely recommend it if your in fairmount and looking for a place to grab a beer.I always get the mussels. Haven't been disappointed yet. The French sausage is good, and I've heard good things about the salads and burgers. Try the Sour Ale. If you've never tried belgian ales, go easy the first time since they have twice the alcohol content. Great selection on tap.Mussels good, beer warm, bread super disappointing (wanted a crispy piece of bread, got a dried roll), flies everywhere couldn't eat my fries because flies landed on them. Even moved my seat to try to avoid them. Service bad and they gave me the incorrect change (to their favor) and didn't give a care when I told them.Beware all ye who enter......... 
Only a dirty, smelly, thirsty pirate would enjoy the likes of this place. Fancy artsy painted naked ladies painted on the wall danced across from me and my hubby as we dined on undercooked mussels in dish water. The more I drank, the creepier they stared me down as if I was a fish out of water. 
While waiting an extremely long time for two burgers not cooked to perfection, if you told me the cow died out back and donated a chunk of it's butt, two minutes before it was put on our rolls I'd believe you. 
My draft beer was warm! The ice water we asked for was hot. I complained and I swear they gave me the same beer glass! Even a thirsty pirate would slice your hand off if you didn't deliver the goods. 
For $40 plus tip (on bad service because my hubby is an honorable man) We grieved over two over priced undercooked burgers, warm beer, hot water, and mussels which eventually made me unbearably sick for 24 hours. Fries should always be included, NOT charged $2 extra for a tenny tiny bowl. 
Next time I'll walk the plank before entering this galley.I would give this place four stars if the bartender last visit wasn't so off-putting. I don't even think he really meant to be, but that's the problem with those in the service industry...if you don't mean to be FRIENDLY, you may come off as aloof and snarky. We have been there MANY times before in the day time. The daytime bartender, Lisa, was fabulous. She remembered me the next time I came in after meeting her just once. Friendly, vociferous, helpful...VERY helpful. We wanted the vegan wings but they were listed with BBQ sauce, not our favored Buffalo sauce. She said, "no prob! I'll just ask the kitchen to make the change for you." Which they did. And another two times after that. Like everyone said, mussels and beer selection are great. You cannot go wrong. So when we go to the bar at night (for the first time), I was disappointed to not see Lisa, but another bartender who didn't look in our direction for a solid five minutes. Granted, the bar was full, and he was the only tender (one barback acknowledged us and politely motioned that the bartender would be with us shortly). Still, I can't emphasize how very important it is for a bartender to just simply say, "I'll be with you in a minute" How hard is that really? Otherwise, you feel unacknowledged, unwelcomed, and really motivated to get up and leave. When he did come over, he smiled and asked what he could get us. My hubby, not realizing this was NOT Lisa, said, "Can we put in an order for the Vegan wings but with Buffalo sauce instead of BBQ?" He looked at us like we had three heads each, "UUUummmm.....we...don't... have... any other sauce." I politely informed him that we had been there many times before and were accommodated. Afterall, the shrimp come with Buffalo sauce. I saw the light bulb go off above his head as he recalled that menu item, and he swiftly placed the order. It was fine, it came out fine, and no harm done. But I know my hubby felt a little silly when the bartender responded that way. I think its just his way, but it made us feel uncomfortable. There are friendlier ways to handle confusing moments, I guess. Anyhoo, this place is well established, and reviews on it probably don't matter much at this point, but I think it worth noting that the food and beer is the outstanding qualities of this place, if its busy at the bar, don't expect to have a love affair with the guy on the other side.My good friend who lives right around the block brought me here for lunch. We shared the sweet potato hummus (YUM) she opted for moule frites and I had the salmon burger and fries. We were having one of those conversations where you are so caught up you don't really notice what is going on. My food was good but next time I think I need to focus on eating. Would be a nice day for a late afternoon beer (the list is 5 pages long) and some tasty fries with mayo+ketchup!!!An excellent spot - as long as you're in the mood for beer!
(The more important question being, when are you NOT in the mood for beer? Especially beer this good?)
Brunching here before visiting one of the museums in the area is the perfect plan, whether you're feeling particularly breakfast-oriented or just want a lighter lunch. My last visit I was tempted away from the Belgian French toast and instead drooled all over their Duck Salad of baby greens with thin sliced, smoked duck breast, bleu cheese, pine nuts & a truffle vinaigrette. I also loved their soup special - a sort of seafood bisque of ocean deliciousness. 
Our group enjoyed a variety of drinks - but particularly enjoyed their blanche mimosa which is a belgian-style beer mixed with fresh squeezed orange juice. (The bloody mary's also met with much approval.)
I wish The Belgian cafe was a little less out of the way for me, because I'd definitely get here more often! ... Next museum trip though... it's on!I think the beer list hear stands out enough to make this bar exceptional among Philadelphia's many gastropubs. In the neighborhood, it offers outdoor seating and a good vibe too (but will someone please regulate the playlist? it seems like the bartenders can play whatever they want). Those features allow it to excel from other neighborhood joints. My first love is Bridgid's, but Belgian is great.Food: 5
Decor: 4
Ambiance: 5
Service:1.5
Value: 3.5
Absolutely wonderful outdoor seating in a quiet out of the way part of Fairmount. The food and beer list mostly matches Monk's, meaning everything there is incredible. The service is similar as well, but that isn't a good thing...Worst customer service ever!!!  No interest in to save their lives.  My friend who lives in the neighborhood placed a pick up order.  30minutes later I go to pick it up only to be told they had no phone order.  I'm standing there thinking the bartender was looking further into it, only to find out 5 minutes later that he wasn't.  He said, so what do you want, want me to put the order in?  I said, well yeah but can someone explain what happened?  The manager, owner or someone comes over and he's asking all the staff if they took an order.  No one owns up to it and he looks at me and says there is no phone order, what do you want?  I'm like, an apology, someone to be accountable, something.  He says well there's nothing to apologize for if no one called in an order...as if I would just walk in there and make that up.  Finally, after three attempts I got him to scroll through the caller ID on the phone, and even then he still says well that just shows that there was a call.  Oh...you thinknwe want to call you and chit chat at 10:30 at night and see how you're evening is going?  He said that proves nothing, I said it proves someone on your staff is not telling the truth.  He didn't care, never apologized, wasn't offering any type discount...nothing!!!!  Horrible horrible horrible experience!!!Came here for a friend's birthday last night. The beer is list is pretty overwhelming - four or five pages of tiny font and hundreds of beers. I had the Kira Wit draft and Weyerbacher Merry, which were both good but sweeter than I thought. The food was great. Everyone got burgers or mussels and they loved their meal. I got the burger medium rare with sauteed mushrooms and goat cheese and it was amazing. The french fries were not as good as they usually are (said the folks who live in the area and had been here before). But the spicy mayo made up for it. Service could have been a little better, but no complaints since we had a large party. 
We also did not know they had a 4 credit card split maximum. Oops, sorry!Awesome beer selection, great mussels, and the chef always has really good specials. Loads of good veggie options too. And the bar atmosphere is great! Dark and cozy in the winter, good outdoor seating in nice weather.i hate chicken wings, and i don't like BBQ sauce. but i don't hate VEGAN chicken wings and this BBQ sauce. in fact, i plan to return so i can have it again and again. all "meat" with no bones and no grease. mmmmm. 
i'm not even a beer person, and the booze was great. the vegan mushroom risotto was a tad bland, but this is a place i'm excited to return to, friends.Bar Review: One of the most comprehensive beer lists I've seen in a while. No mass produced beer here, just domestic microbrews and imports. Where else can you have a beer from Iceland (which was fantastic by the way)? The tap list is small but well represented with regional microbrews. It's very much a beer lover's bar, and I plan on coming back to try the food.A great, although possibly overwhelming, beer selection and an excellent variety of mussels make this a must try in the Spring Garden area.  This may be my new favorite neighborhood bar.This is more like 4.5 stars. There's nothing wrong other than it's slightly expensive. But you are absolutely paying for quality, and for a nice night out or dinner on the parents while they're in town - yes!
The burgers are good. I dare say there are better burgers around town (Rembrandts, Village Whiskey), but Belgian Cafe has so much going for it that it doesn't matter. I love the ambiance - the naked women paintings in the dining room make for good conversation - and the beers and beer selection are superb. Service has been good every time I've been (which has been quite a few times!) and the waitstaff always strike up a good conversation with you. 
A top draw has to be the ample outdoor seating. They don't take reservations so I would recommend getting there early and putting your name down then enjoying some wonderful beer and oh-so-tasty frites while you wait. A great staple in the Fairmount neighborhood.Great fir brunch, lunch, or dinner. Brunch specials are always intriguing, awesome burgers, fries, croque madame, etc. One really cool dish they have is a breakfast pasta with pappardelle noodles, a cream sauce, salmon, and a fried egg on top. Really really good. and the beer selection is always great, many of the bottles are way marked up but if you are going to buy them from a bar thats how its going to be. At this point I have had a lot of different menu items and never been disappointed.This place is a beer lover's and vegetarian's dream.  Need a place with great food and awesome beer, but your group has a gluten allergy, a vegan, and a carnivore?  This is your place.  Staff is knowledgeable and nice, food is fresh and local (they don't have a freezer!), there's cool art on the walls, and the donuts are totally worth it.Really enjoyed my trip to the Belgian Cafe. Found free parking on the street relatively close to the restaurant and was seated relatively promptly. Beer list was really impressive - lots of interesting fall beers on draft, in addition to an endless list of bottles. 
The thing that really blew me away, though, was the food. We went a little nuts and ordered a few appetizers - cheese plate (good, but pricey for the amount of stuff you get), fries (really special), and seitan wings (also good). For my meal, I had an unbelievable burger - the brewer burger. It had goat cheese and was on a very fresh bun. The burger was delicious, but was the only thing on the plate (doesn't come with fries or anything). Has we not gone nuts with apps, I might have been slightly disappointed in the amount of food I got. My wife got the beef stew, which was hearty and awesome.
The check was very reasonable. I think it was like $80 for 4 of us. Service was good. Would def go back next time I am in the neighborhood.When friends come to town who want flavorful beer with reasonable parking and proximity to center city and the art museum area, there is no better choice than The Belgian Cafe. 
With world class mussels and beer selection, this is one of the most "chillest" bar in the city. Their seasonal outdoor seating and ever changing draft menu which is situated in one of the nicest neighborhoods in Philadelphia, won't hurt your wallet and will definitely please your appetite. 
Their mussels, frites, and Belgian beer (Moules Frites et Bières Belge) are arguably one of the best filling, evenings in the city. Wouldn't say its the best service in town, but the food and drinks easily make up for that. Their mayo dip for the frites is worth of the trip alone!Though the beer selection was great, the food and service was horrible and will definitely keep us from going back.
My boyfriend and I went on 8/20/09.  He ordered the sausage sandwich and I ordered the salmon burger.  Both were boring beyond words.  The salmon was dry and without any type of sauce to compliment it.  We also ordered fries which were no where near the quality of Monk's.
Plus, there were bugs flying around ... extremely annoying (we were inside).
Our waitress was rude to the point where she actually snapped at us for asking for more sauce for the fries.
We'll never go here again, nor recommend it.Takes an amazing place to get 5 stars but this was almost there! 
From start to finish:
Easy to find, however parking is regular street parking and it sucked finding a space. Nice outside appearance and inside is very nice, the Ora is just impeccable. Very relaxed bar.
Bartender was great even though I only drink water she kept me coming!!
For the food, I had to try the veggie wings. I got mine in BBQ and let me tell you I may never eat chicken again!!!! I also got the fries (smoked ketchup wasn't too good). 
I will be returning sooner than later!!! Check this place out!I give the Belgian Cafe 5 stars for a few reasons. This is a tiny place in the Fairmount/Art Museum neighborhood which is one of my favorite places in the city. They have outdoor seating which is always a plus in this neighborhood. It's not on a super busy street but just busy enough and its a pretty area to look at. They also have a great alcohol selection. They have so much to chose from, and I love their beer selection. This place does not have a huge food menu, but what they do have is great so don't come here expecting to find a huge selection. They are known for their muscles and fries which are always delicious. And I actually really enjoy their breakfast. The food is always fresh. I've only really come here around happy hour times or for meals so I can't say much about their Friday/Saturday night scene but I still always have a wonderful experience here.Good spot.  Saturday night so it was packed.   Waitress was a little frazzled, but she handled it well.  We weren't ready to order when she originally came so we ordered drinks and mussels first, and she was a little slow coming back to take the rest of it.  Mussels were both tasty, we got small orders of memlim (sp?) and van wyck (sp), the cheese plate wasn't as "gourmet" as some places around town but it wasn't bad at all.  The fish stew with cheesy mashed potatoes was pretty tasty, duck salad had good flavor, but could've used more dressing or something wet, scallops appetizer was okay.I really want to give this place more stars because of it's astronomically sized beer list and adorable plant orbs hanging in the window and weirdly erotic art painted on the walls but I can't overlook how small the portions are for the price.
Went on a Sunday afternoon at like 2:30-3 which apparently qualifies as a late, late brunch for the unusually good-looking yuppy crowd.  Place was packed but luckily the food didn't take too long and we were able to sip our hangovers away with some nice hair of the dog raspberry lambic and a delicious Belgian beer called Ephemere.
Regarding the food portions, boyfriend and I each ordered a burger and since I'm used to paying for burgers in the $8-10 price range (and $2 extra for a yolky egg on top!), I'm generally accustomed to getting bang for my buck.  Though the burger was cooked just fine and the bacon on top was crispy, the size was just mehhh....underwhelming.  A couple bites and I was done.  Not to mention there were way too little of those addicting, crunchy, and salty shoe string fries on the side.
Over $40 for two burgers, two drinks, and an egg on top of my burger is a little bit pricey to do every week for brunch.  It'll be one of those 'once in a blue moon' type of places.
Seriously, though, solid beer list.I want to love this place bc it seems to have potential, but it just doesn't rise to the occasion.  The beers are good, but served in lukewarm pints.  It makes the beer taste warm and no one wants that on a summer day!  My friend got the cauliflower flatbread and the crust was way too thick.  The fries were delicious, but sooo small you can't use your fingers.  I was sort of disappointed.I go here a few times a year, and every time I do, I wonder why I don't come more often.  The burgers are great (I always get a burger, so maybe I'm just a consistent, boring reviewer?), and the beer is , too.  I had the pumpkin ale last night (nice!), but there are all kinds of beer here for people who love it.  It's just a great place in a great location--homey and nice, with great (and helpful) service.  The wait staff can always make great recommendations for beer, and they are always right on the money in their recommendations. The fries are to die for.  Make sure you get them. They are worth the trip all by themselves.Good food, slow service. I brought my family when they came to town and they were disappointed. All five of our water glasses had lip stains on them and our silverware was dirty.was here the other night for some drinks. Bartenders are AWESOME --they even bought my friend some birthday drinks! Its got a relaxed vibe and I DEF need to try the food next time..it looked delish!Cool little spot off the main drag of Fairmount. We ate outside and it was pretty quiet which was a nice change. It had a really extensive beer list, with beers from all over the country, some of them did get a little pricey though.
The food was great, the selection was really diverse. It also had some great vegetarian options. We had the sriram chicken wings for an appetizer and it was great for 2 ppl! We also had the cauliflower flatbread and the Ahi tuna cheesesteak. Both we yummy, I would definitely stop back.A nice lunch before visiting the Philly Art Museum. I had scrambled eggs with potato leek hash. Very nice. And they know that hash browns should have some crunch. B had hamburger and fries. The the fries came with some tasty spicy mustardy sauce.This place had a nice ambiance and was pretty low-key. I got the burger and it was fine; nothing too special. The fry sauce was definitely the best past of the meal! The beer list was good and the server was very friendly and accommodating. We did wait a long time for our food though. Overall, I recommend it.My wife and I met up with Pam S and some other friends for a quick bite before the Geek Awards. I read Pam's review earlier in the day and liked her approach: focus on the appetizers and not so much the entrees. 
We ordered vegan buffalo wings (with a vegan dip) and the frites because when in a Belgian Cafe...
Pam and I also split one entree, the Korean seitan tacos because we couldn't help but embark on a funky vegan adventure. Sure enough, Pam's review was spot on: the tacos were OK but bland compared to the rest of what we ate.
The vegan wings are awesome. Love the texture, the sauce and the vegan dip. It was like I was back at Nicky's in Centerport Long Island but without killing chickens! The frites were good as you would expect from a Belgian place. The smoky ketchup they were served with was outstanding. Thinner than typical ketchup with a tomato sauce texture, I could not stop dipping anything and everything in it!
If you are in Fairmount, the Belgian Cafe is well worth a quick bite!What a great find! 7 Belgian beers on tap and hundreds more in bottles. Really great well informed bartender and way above average bar food. I felt like I was in Brussels-without the terrorists.We came here with friends, and we had a pretty good experience. The food was really good, and the service from our waitress was good as well. We stumbled in on a Saturday at 5, and fortunately they had no problem seating us. There is an incredibly extensive beer list, mostly Belgians obviously, but lots of local, seasonal selections as well.I went to the Belgian Cafe last night with a group of friends, having been here once and enjoying the food immensely. Went again last night, and everything was just a mess. We were waited on by a waitress with an attitude problem who didn't want to seem to be there at all. Our orders were wrong or missing entirely. I had to remind her about my burger which wasn't put in at all apparently. That problem could have been avoided if she wrote down our orders instead of trying to play Super Waitress. There were quite a few people, it's understandable if you can't remember it all. 
A few people at the table ordered burgers, and when my friend received her medium rare burger, hers came out more ultra well done super hockey puck style. Being a server herself, she doesn't really send food back unless it was inedible. It was not edible. After the table was eating for a bit, I inquired about my burger and was given a blank look, even though the surrounding people, including my husband heard me order it loud and clear (and the only person at the table who just ordered without having her ask how I wanted it, what sides, what burger etc). 
My burger came out, before my friend who sent her burger back and when I bite into it, I almost gagged. I cannot, will not eat rare burgers, it's just a personal thing, which is why I order medium-well but instead got a burger so rare, it was practically mooing. I just gave up and just gave the burger to my husband to eat. My friend who sent her burger back got one that was almost as rare, almost to the point where it wasn't cooked at all, just thrown on the grill, flipped and slapped on a bun, almost if it was a punishment for sending the food back. Well, jokes on them, she actually prefers burgers that way but tries not to eat them because of health reasons. 
Other than the food issues regarding the burger temps, the food itself is quite good. The problem is the servers, they just seem nasty and have a bad attitude. Look, I know my friends can get loud and rowdy, but most of us have worked the service industry and try to make life as simple as possible for the waitress and tip really well if we're happy, 35% minimum. Hell, even if you give just the basic service, you still get 18%. Even among the servers, we were debating if 10% would have been too much.
 I think last night will be the last time we go to Belgians and just head into the city instead and go to Monk's, where we were at least greeted warmly, received drinks in a timely fashion and received what we ordered.I wanted this place to be better.  But it was just fair at best.
First night of beer week, Arcadia on tap, and Hop Rocket was delicious and well priced.  What could be bad.
Well the place is definitely cool in the bar area, and outdoor seating was a plus.
But, the staff leaves something to be desired.  They are all very low key with minimal personality.  And they seem to only care about their own tables.  One waiter walked by with water a number of times, but would not refill ours because we were not his customers.  We had to wait until our waitress walked by with water.
Vegan options are few, and honestly are quite underwhelming.  
Even though they offer seitan wings, only several of them are vegan, some flavors have butter in the sauce; this is not clear on the menu.  They do not let you mix flavors for an assortment, so we had General Tso's and they just do not do it flavorwise.  Zero Wow factor; no heat, no strong flavor, no desire to have more.
Vegan burgers were okay, but again, missing the Wow factor.  They pass, but I would not rush back to have them again.  Not sure the bun is vegan as it looks like it has an egg white wash on it.
Burgers come without fries or chips; you have to pay extra for fries.  If you don't you get a plate with a large empty space on it.
Parking is horrible, but that is out of their control, just an FYI.
Overall, if I was nearby and looking for a good beer and could easily park, I would stop in, or hopefully out as the inside seating in the DR does not look as pleasant as the outside.  But I would not rush there for a meal and if parking became tricky I would just keep driving.  There are many other places in Philadelphia with good beer and seating.  And lots of them have friendlier staff, and much better Vegan options.I have experienced satisfying visits to this bar.  There is more seating than some other local "Belgian beer bars", including some outside tables.  Beer list is good, food was good.  Not my favorite in Philly, but a SOLID choice.  Go for it!It's Monk's sister -- the quieter, tamer version of the bar downtown. And I love this place.
They have outdoor seating available, and I've taken advantage of it on more than one occasion this summer. It's also a great place for conversation while sitting at the bar... because you can actually hear the people you're with, which is quite nice.
Their menu is pretty much identical to Monk's, and that makes me happy. I always seem to go for the bruegel (bacon and sharp cheddar) sandwich option. Both the chicken and burger are top-notch, but the fries/sauce are out-of-this-world amazing.
And, of course, there's the beer. So, so many great choices!
Looking forward to many more good times here in the future.My husband raves about the moules frittes, so I had to try it with him. I ordered the small bowl with shrimp ($12), spinach, capers, garlic. It was delicious and plentiful. I couldn't eat it all. Devouring the side of fries that came with it didn't help, I'm sure. 
I agree with other reviewers that the beer menu is extensive. But for me, who isn't really into beer, I went for a glass of rose that was terrible. I didn't even take more than a few sips of it. 
So maybe I wouldn't go back for the drink menu but I would for the mussels and fries!Stopped into the Belgian Cafe for a beer and some food with my roommate. Good spot to just go and have a few casual beers and eat. The beer selection here is excellent, especially if you enjoy Belgians and Belgian style beers.
I had the Reuben, which was delicious, tender meat, good dressing, and toasted perfectly. I have had the mussels before, and they are very good as well (in the tomato sauce). The Pommes Frites here are fantastic, served with a spicy mayo that is very tasty (mix it with some ketchup like a Belgian).
Overall I really enjoy Belgian, friendly bartenders, good beer selection for the connoisseur du biere, and a good place to just go enjoy some delicious beers and munch on some fries.Consistently really bad brunch.  I ordered the "special" egg dish, scrambled with arugula and goat cheese, the eggs came out in a puddle of water, and then I found pieces of egg shells scattered throughout.  Absolutely disgusting.  I feel completely sick just thinking about it. The server was incredibly nice and apologetic and they have outdoor seating which is the only reason why I am giving it two stars. If you are in fairmount do yourself a favor and wait in line for Sabrina's, it is consistently worth it.So much enjoyed this place. The staff was very helpful.  The mussels were GREAT.  Daily specials make it hard to choose.  The patio seating is fun.Can't believe I've never reviewed this place before considering how wonderful it is.
My first Belgian Cafe brunch experience occurred this past weekend. Two friends and I had walked in about 10 minutes after opening to find the place already pretty full considering they'd barely opened the doors. We all ordered the same brunch libation - a Belgian wit beer/OJ mimosa combo which was rather delish though a bit to fizzy (I prefer Sidecar's Hefe Mimosa).
After much debating over the menu -- several of the brunch items sounded divine -- I settled on the Garden Fresh Scrambled Eggs and wow, it was sooo good! Perfect fluffiness to the eggs, some sort of "sauce" (it was really thin so I think it was just juices from the eggs/veggies), and a smattering of whatever fresh veggies they had that day (peppers, broccoli, spinach, carrots, etc).
Their endive hashbrowns were also quite delectable -- when I first saw how few came on the plate, I was a bit let down but I was definitely a satisfied full upon finishing my meal, so any more of them and I'd've been overfull. And our waitress was a doll!
I've been here many times during the later hours and for dinner, too. Nothing on the menu is bad. The best sandwich I've ever had in my entire life was a reuben I had here. I didn't see it on the menu at brunch this past visit, so I'm guessing it's just  a lunch/dinner menu item. But f'real y'all -- amazing. And obvi lots of fantastic beer, which just goes without saying. Although! I was disappointed that they didn't have any Leffe Blonde (or any Leffe at all!) this visit either. It's my ultimate fave.
It's a bit pricier than some of the other places around, but it's very much worth it.My boyfriend and I are attempting to hit up all of the Monk's related establishments and The Belgian Cafe was the next on our list.  It was the first time here for both of us and I knew I would be overwhelmed with the beer lists but yelp reviews helped me to find the best selection, the flemish sour ale, and let me say the reviews were dead on!  It was the most flavorful, light, and tangy beverage to ever touch my lips.  I am not huge beer fan but I am always on the lookout for a light beer that suits my palette and I have finally found it.  Next up is the food, we shared the stuffed tofu and we each got a burger and frites.  The tofu was decent but I really wasn't wowed by it but the burger was awesome.  I selected the vegan patty with the jalapeno peppers and brie and it was the freshest vegetarian burger I ever had and of course the frites were divine as well.  The best part is I have left overs for my lunch today.  Overall, the beer list is mind blowing, the food is worth the trip, and I would say go, go, go,  to anyone who is thinking about it. My only complaint is the staff, our  waitress was nice enough but not very helpful with the intense beverage lists.  However, I will certainly be coming back to this delightful little find.No cats allowed, lucky for them and I am not talking about the mussels.  Holy fuck will someone please take down those horrible naked lady paintings from the dining room and I don't even know about the bullshit horrible fucking art nouveau (???) center piece...goddamn Lautrec is rolling in his grave at this debaucherous display of nippless vagina land.  What are you lady at the end...a fish?  Are you a fish?  And middle age mistress on the far left you are any woman's worst nightmare minus the cats.  When I close my eyes now, all I see are green impressions of long flowing hair over sagging areolas....please god, make it stop....and I'm not the only one.  WE WERE THE ONLY PEOPLE IN THE DINING ROOM...the bar was packed.  I am convinced that the patrons were sparing their vision both conscious and sub conscious from being scarred by such a horrible display of artistic merit.  I mean really, what kind of piece of shit art school drop out did they find to make these?  I hope whoever painted these sees this review and how they have ruined my life.  Oh and I hope they stop painting.  For christ sake, I will buy 5 pomme frites with my sandwich every time I come in to get rid of those chewed up bubble gum eye sores.Such a cool spot in the Fairmont area of Philly. Never had been here before, but had a great time with a friend. Good wine, great variety of muscles and other eclectic food, something for everyone.
Then? Piping Hot Donuts? Late night on a Saturday? Yes, they win an award for these. WOW. Go just for the donuts, if not anything else. Not the fanciest, not the most comfortable seating, but a good mix and cool spot to check out...with donuts and drinks.Living in the neighborhood, my husband and I visit here pretty frequently. Good pub food and an extensive beer list. Love their burgers and frites. We always receive great service here and we love that they're dog-friendly (outdoors) and they always bring water out for our little guy. Great spot overall.One of my favorite places to take friends in the neighborhood- great ambience and fantastic food :)Prices are reasonable, service consistently friendly. The mussels are a real deal. Must have frites! I don't drink, but beer lovers go nuts at this place.  I am a repeat customer.This is like a more laid back Monk's. I frequent Monk's and went here for the first time. The beer list is extensive and the staff is friendly. It is nice for a more casual dinner as it is lighter and more space verse Monk's having tighter quarters and being so dark. So it worked well for catching up with a friend. Prices are good, burgers hit the spot, and you have all the beer options you could ever want.Had the django mussels which come with their pommes frites, signature mayo, and a roll, then split a warm apple crisp for dessert.  Everything was delish!   Huge beer selection, inviting atmosphere, and friendly service.  We'll be back.Went there with my group after the Rock and Roll half marathon and it was really good.   I had the cheddar burger.  we all liked our food and atmosphere was goodGood little neighborhood joint.  Burgers and specials are excellent fare. Any place that sell Chimay can not do any wrong in my book.  Try the piping hot doughnut!  It was skrumdidilydumpchis.  Service was also good.If the wait is too long at Monks, come to The Belgian for the same food and quality but with no line! This is a great European-style gastropub with a lot of hits and a few misses and missteps. 
Nevertheless, we are return visitors to The Belgian Cafe. What keeps us coming back: the mussels menu, the burger menu, the beer menu and the pomme frites. It is our go-to place when we don't feel like cooking dinner and where we like to take visitors to give them a feel for the neighborhood. We've ordered almost all the mussels and all the burgers and enjoyed each one. For beers, we usually look to the weekly rotating beer menu in a placard on each table and have discovered some new favorites! 
Some misses: The fries are superb, but have sometimes come out a little over-salted. We've had some really amazing personable servers, but we've also had a handful of "too-cool" servers. This is especially the case for lunch and in-between lunch and dinner. The burgers come out slightly undercooked (or, one might say, stick to the definitions of burger doneness) so "medium" means it is red in the middle. Order accordingly.
Other things we've had and enjoyed: the tofu appetizer, the seitan wings (which taste like actual meat, in case you are a veggie missing carnivorous protein), the croque madam (only at brunch. Get the sauce on the side, it can be a little overpowering), the mussel bisque, and the cassoulet on special (which was ok).
But the best review is probably from our Belgian friend who we took to the cafe: He is now a regular. He especially likes that they serve the beers in the proper glasses, but feels the prices are too high since he could get the beers for cheaper back in Belgium.A good stop for a drink and some burgers or mussels. I live in the neighborhood and it's my go to spot for a premium burger for about $9 (no fries).
Personally, I'm a fan of the Merckx (sp?) burger. This comes with brie cheese and pickled jalapenos for a nice sour kick to the taste buds. The burger isn't the biggest thing in the world, but it's a fat thick patty cooked to your requested tenderness. The bun is a nice brioche looking style bun, or at the very least it's not some crappy store bought bun. 
I've also recently had the lamb burger on the pita. The meat and whatever spread on it was amazing. It comes with mixed salad greens and some sort of dressing between two slices of pita, except IT'S NOT A POCKET. This makes it extremely difficult to eat because the pita is large, but the burger is half the size but thick. As a result, the greens keep falling out and it's just impossible to eat unless you go about it with a knife and fork. Do you know how depressing it is to eat a burger with a knife and fork? I'm not one of haut monde so I did not enjoy that at all.
I'm not a huge fan of the fries, but that's mostly because I do not like thin fries at all. It's way too much work for a minimal reward, give me the wedges! The dipping mayo sauce that comes with the fries has a great flavor but fries are either $2 for a small basket with a burger or $4-5 for a larger basket on the appetizer menu. You can also pay extra for other types of dipping sauces. 
Personally, I'm not a drinker so I can't comment on the beer selection, but I believe this place has a wide array of selections because the drink menu is quite extensive. My eating companions are always happy to stop there and find something that tickles their fancies. 
I'm also not much of a seafood eater, so I can't comment on the mussels, but I've had friends swear by them. So if you like eating mussels, go for it.delicious food, delicious beer
great menu variation and generous portionsGreat atmosphere, epic beer list, and a good food is what makes this place so special.  I've been here before and am always greeted by friendly staff and the fact that I can eat here on a budget is even better. One of my favorite thing here is the veggie burger, and I'm a meat eater. Somehow they combine veggies to make a perfect patty that is packed with flavor, no boca burgers for this place. Also anything with fries is a plus because their pomme frittes are addicting and delicious.We just had brunch there for the first time, food was cold, waitress made no attempt to rectify the situation, if fact came by at the end to see if I wanted to take hot potatoes home.  Very sorry that I had to write a terrible review, but owner should train waitress better.  She told me the kitchen was very busy.  I left the cold food and paid the bill but would not return again.  Also the toast came out after we were finished the omelet.  I am sure the beer is fabulous, but forget the food.
MarleneThis was a hidden little gem for me during my last stay in Philly. The burgers are so good I found myself moved to eat three in one week. I thought about them every afternoon...they lured me in like a fiend and pushed me to drink beer and get stupid day drunk. I really loved them. The one with house pickled jalapenos and French brie was a mind blower and cooked just right.
The bartender was super nice too, offering me the daily news paper each time I came. She even offered every one at the bar some baked pumpkin seeds she had brought from home. Easily my favorite place in Philadelphia.This is a great neighborhood spot, I've been many times. Manage your expectations, it's a great little bar in a neighborhood with good food and a great beer list. I don't drink, but going for a burger, or the mussels (my god the mussels are so good), really hits the spot. The space has super high ceilings and drafty windows, so sometimes you and your food get cold quickly. There's one server in particular who can be a little gruff, but generally everyone is super nice.went to the belgian cafe with some folks from out of town.  I was actually embaressed by the service.  Our waitress was so disinterested in us, and at times just rude.   It is too bad, since my guests were impressed with the beer list, but the waitress ruined the atmosphere.It is nice having a place like Monk's in Fairmount. The beer, mussels, burgers, and frites are great as expected from the same proprietors. When it's warm, you can sit outside (max 4 people). I think it falls short of the original, but for the neighborhood, it's the best place to go for a belgian draft.I went to the Belgian Cafe on a Saturday night around 10PM.  I was surprised by the huge beer selection - the menu has several pages of beers from all over the world.  The fries are amazing too, although the portion is large, the fries are so small (Belgian style) that by the end, we were eating them with a fork.  A small price to pay for the taste!
I highly recommend the Brouwer burger with the Bell's Oberon Ale, it was the perfect combination.  The price was reasonable, the beers and main platters can be expensive, but there are plenty of options for those not willing to break the bank.Huge menu but also slightly overwhelming too. Great beer selection for beer lovers of all kinds.For as much as respect as I have for the Belgian Cafe in the numerous choices of beer they have and the knowledge of the bartenders there is one waitress that is extremely rude.  The Belgian Cafe has memories for me as it was the last venue that my father and I had brunch before he had a stroke.  I will not be return there again though I live in the neighborhood and I am made by that one waitress to feel very unwelcome.Sat outside for drinks and apps.  Our server was knowledgable and friendly.  I would recommend the flatbread and brie appetizers.  Very good.I can never imagine a better neighborhood bar. Great food, great beer, great barkeep. I love the music, an appetizer and beer. Or a burger. People rave about the mussels. Pomme frite are great. The Belgian is all I need to say.I still love the Belgian, but it's not the definition of 'as good as it gets' anymore.
On the grub front, their formerly outstanding creamy chicken salad is nothing to hype up anymore. It's had a funky taste the last two times I've had it, which is such a bummer. I used to dream about that salad! (Also I'm not exaggerating. It was so, so good.) It's time to explore the menu more, I suppose, and hope the salad can be restored to its former glory at some point.
Beer selection still gets 5 stars. There's no way your group won't find choices to satisfy everyone. Just be cognizant of the prices. Each time I see a bottle I really want to try, it's crazy expensive. Not their fault, but I wish there was a way to better filter their menu so I don't accidentally order a $25 bottle of Sanctification.
Staff has been consistently unfriendly. Belgian isn't too far from my apartment and I've been there a considerable amount of times in the last couple years, but I can probably count on one hand how many times I've actually felt welcome.
Heck, one day about a month ago, I accidentally bypassed their ID check since it was 1 p.m. and I didn't think they were door-checking IDs at that hour. And also no one was standing there. Nope, they were, and the bouncer-man walked up to me at the bar to request my ID. I've seen him so many times, yet he seems to have memory loss each time I walk in. Please just be friendly!
Belgian no longer ranks among my top bars in the city, but I still like them and I hope they can improve their service and food quality soon.Service was good and the salad I got was more than passable but not worthy of 5 stars. The interior is a bit dark which might be fun at night but could be better for a lunchtime meal.
SItting outside would be great on a nice day of course. Music was great. I would not make a special trip out to this place but I did enjoy my lunch and if i have another meeting with my client nearby we will be here again for sure.I had a delicious Sunday brunch here, of mussels, pomme fritte, and a small Belgian beer. The service was excellent, and the prices were reasonable. This is just a great neighborhood restaurant.The burgers are delicious and even beat out the Good Dog Bar. Plus you won't find a bigger selection of beer in the city.I have been here before for dinner and really enjoyed the beer selection and the food. However, recently I went for brunch and loved it! The place was pretty empty (the rain might have kept people away?), which I much prefer to packed restaurants and the services was great. The food was also very good and filling. I got the green eggs and ham with cheddar and the chive hash browns which are really just latkas while my friend got the vegan creamed chipped beef. Both dishes were great, though the vegan chipped beef tasted very much likes its own thing and not like the real deal.Nice bar in a really beautiful neighborhood in philly, full of colorful houses. I tried the pumpkin homemade beer and I loved it!I was looking for a location that was showing the Belgian Red Devils games during the World Cup. I guessed that this would be the perfect location. Overall I was a bit disappointed when I arrived. It doesn't really give you the atmosphere I was expecting. 
Slow service at the bar. Choices of Belgian beers is good, but the frites, really... the frites are fries, French fries nevertheless... 
Not so convinced of their devotion to the Belgian roots, considering they call themselves Belgian Café.Delicious flavors and mussels galore.
The beer menu is extensive, although some are pricey, but that's what you get when drinking craft/imported beer. You know that.
The pommes frittes and aioli are to die for. Sometimes when I wake up still drunk from the night before they are the only thing that can calm me down. Some menu items are overpriced for what you get, but that's Fairmount.
I generally order the mussels because I'm such a fan of those little guys, and the Belgian Cafe prepares them creatively with soupy sauce to spare and bread for dipping. I'm only docking a star because once I ordered mussels that were mostly unopened and too soft.. undercooked much? But it was a fluke. I've gotten them since and they've been delightful.
If you can get a spot outside, then you're doin great! It's a different experience out there. You can stare at passerbys while enjoying your pommes frittes. You won't leave angry.
The dining room when crowded will make you feel like a sardine, but that's okay because it's like you're getting the true European experience. Ja, wohl!I really think they have the best veggie burger around.  Usually I'm not one to stratify, but they win.  It's so delicious and comes with a variety of toppings that you can choose from.  Also the fries are super yummy and the service is typically friendly.
The menu here and at Monks are the same.  The advantages of going to the Belgian cafe are that parking is easier and the employees at the BC don't make you feel like they are doing you a huge favor by letting you sit at a table and pay for food and drinks, like they do at Monks.
A few comments about the dining room:
-You can usually always get a table. +1
- The cool terrariums hanging from the window frames +2
-Typically good music playing +1
-Ugly ugly art of naked women -4Didn't get to sample any food, but sat at the bar and had some fine beer and wine. Very Impressive selection of beers, though wine was quite limited. Friendly bartenders is always a nice thing to have, and watching the ball game in a crowded but not packed place was enjoyable.My boyfriend and i love this place. Its a neighborhood staple. Really good beer and awesome mussels. Their desserts are pretty good too. We recently had the belgian donuts with caramel dippign sauce. Amazing.On the inside of the menu, a note from the owners invites the Belgian Cafe's patrons to treat it as their second home.  This is handy for me since I live right around the corner.  The bartenders prompt service the first time I walked in wearing a bathrobe and ordered a Hennepin was a true sign of professionalism.
I've tried just about all the food on the menu, with the exception of anything that has "vegan", "vegetarian" or the letter "v" in its name.  It's all good to very good, with the exception of the chicken fingers, which tasted more like chicken tempura to me.  Standouts are the Croque Monsieur (an uppity grilled ham and cheese) and the burgers of various stripes.   
The fries, excuse me, frites, are indistinguishable from their more famous Monks counterparts and the beer list is similarly expansive.  My favorite reasonably priced options are Hennepin and Brooklyn Local One.  The beer on tap rotates frequently, and it's worth trying everything at least once.
I was once sitting at the bar, minding my own business, when a car with Jersey plates pulled up.  A man walked in, sat down next to me, and promptly ordered a Coors Light.  The look on the bartender's face when she explained that they didn't serve Coors of any sort pretty much encapsulated all possible human pain and suffering.  True story!Heard great things and expected a lot and got "eh". We came here for dinner on a Saturday night and the hostess was not friendly. She wasn't a good greeter. After getting to our table we ordered vegan burger and mussels with fries and the bourbon dip. The burgers have different topping selections so that was fun, BUT one of the choices is the lettuce/tomato/onion, which seems strange that those aren't already included. So if you get the Swiss cheese with bacon as your topping you don't get the lettuce/tomato/onion unless you pay a dollar extra. Since the burgers are already near $9, I didn't opt for the extras. The burger was slightly mushy but of decent size. I don't think that alone would fill someone up. It was also light on flavor. 
My friend said the mussels were pretty good but not great. He got the shrimp and spinach ones. They were only $10 for the small pot, so maybe you pay for what you get. He wasn't overly happy with them because the flavor just wasn't there. The fries were by the far the best part of the meal and I would go back for drinks and these alone. They are small little potatoes fried to a crisp! The dipping sauce was delicious with them!!! I would also say our server was a little on the slow side and didn't refill the water, but I'd come back if it were on the way somewhere.
Also, I agree with the other reviwers that you should eat INSIDE because there are TONS of flies for the outdoor seating...ick.This is a cool neighborhood bar and the draft list is impressive. I'm a vegetarian and can always find something unique to eat. My only complaint is that the people that work here just seem so miserable. The female bartender is by far the rudest person I've ever encountered. I thought this was just a one time mishap but after being a patron a few times I realized that she really needs to find a new career. Serving beer isn't the end of the world. It's actually a pretty cool job. Put a smile on your face and don't ignore people who are sitting at the bar.Mussels good, beer warm, bread disappointing (wanted a crispy piece of bread, got a dried roll), flies everywhere couldn't eat my fires because flies landed on them. Even moved my seat to try to avoid them. Service bad.I know this is out of my area, but we ate here when we recently visited Philadelphia and were very impressed.  I had the mussels and a tasty beer.  The waiter was really helpful since I had no idea of what many of the beers were like on the menu.  They have lots of local breweries on tap.  So, he helped me select a tasty pilsner style beer.  As soon as I came back to SJ, I started looking for a similar restaurant/ Cafe in our area and was dissappointed to find that we do not have one.  Come on SJ, this one was a winner.  I will definitely go back when I visit again.I recently had a pretty decent brunch experience here. I spent a million dollars, but only because we were starving and everything sounded delicious. 
I am not a cold soup fan, but I decided to try the strawberry soup. It was sweet, vinegary, and refreshing.  As much as I loved my soup, I also loved my boyfriend's soup. Mussels and corn chowder, I think? 
There are tons of vegan menu items.  I had the vegan chipped "beef" which was actually portabella mushrooms. It needed a little salt, but was tasty once I added it.  My boyfriend's burger was overcooked, but he said it was flavorful enough that it didn't matter.  The fries and the potato leek hash were also yummy.
On a nice weekend, the walk from my place to brunch at Belgian Cafe makes for a good afternoon.I live right next to this place. When I am hungry and I just want to grab a bite to eat and I can blow 25 bucks on a couple of beers and a burger or croque, I pop in. Its a great place for that. 
I suppose you could have a great time here if you aren't a local, it serves fantastic beer. The waitstaff are super down to earth and have mostly been friendly, knowledgeable, and good conversationalists.Great food and great selection of beers. It's got that typical dirty bar smell so I try to avoid eating inside but the food and beer and too good to pass up. Good service and of course amazing mussels!!Friends and I met for dinner last night. As always, the beer selection is amazing! The food? Okay, but not quite as great as I last remember it.
Our table shared the sweet potato hummus, which was okay. Good assortment of veggies and pita bread. The hummus itself was a little bland for my taste. We also tried the jalapeno artichoke dip which was mostly artichoke and not at all spicy like we expected. Another couple had the sauteed buffalo shrimp with blue cheese fritters. The shrimp didn't garner as much attention as the fritters did, but the fritters were hotly sought after!
Three of us had mussels (Monk's, Van Eyck, and Herge). They were cooked to perfection each in it's delicious broth. The Herge broth wasn't as spicy as I had hoped, but tasty all the same.
Two of our party had the schnitzel and absolutely raved about the red cabbage slaw.
The one who chose hangar steak didn't say much, but then again, I'll let an empty plate do the talking.
Doughnuts with caramel sauce were worth skipping (go to Nectar in Berwyn if you REALLY love donuts for dessert), as was the apple crisp which had skin-on apples, and very little crisp.
Our waitress was pleasant, helpful, and attentive.Fast food style restaurant. Nothing special. When I asked for wet napkins after eating mussels, the waitress brought the regular napkins wet with water. Never seen it before.Great beer selection from all over the world. Countries represented include Belgium (surprising), Netherlands, Finland, Norway, Germany, and USA. The mussels and pommes frites are fantastic. The frites come with two special house sauces that really enhance the flavor. My entree, a salmon burger, was decent. However, my friends loved their respective entrees, pork schnitzel and beef burger with mushrooms. The ambience is great. It has a dungeon feel with pictures of ladies circa 1700s.How Belgain Cafe can fail so hard at mussels and still be in business is something of wonder and maybe a testament to its robust beer list... For one, there are too many options for different sauces for your mussels some including apples and swiss cheese (wtf?) but none that include just white wine, butter, garlic and parsley ?! Here's some advice: K.I.S.S. ( keep it simple stupid) and maybe the broth wouldn't be inedibly salty (both the different mussels we had), watery and generally flavorless. 
Not to mention the small, dried out mussels were served alongside a dinner roll and luke warm pomme frites that tasted like the bottom of an XL fry from Mcdonalds. I'm talking half the portion being small, nubby and shriveled. Personally, I try to stear clear of anything described by that combinatiom of adjectives. The burger we had was also overpriced and lacked flavor. (i.e. It was a beef patty with a sprinkle of brie and two pickled jalapenos on it) 
With all the great spots to drink in this city you're gonna have to do better than a long beer list for me. If you're trying to have a decent meal with your beer, avoid this place or at least avoid the mussels .Really nice bar in a beautiful area. Great beer selection and delicious food. I can recommend the "Croque Madame" during brunch time.
The bartender was communicative and I enjoyed my stay.