My name is Victor...so of course we had to go here!!  We were visiting Philly for Spring Break and little did I know that this is where Sylvester Stallone did the restaurant scenes for his role as Rocky in the Creed movie.  The store front is very traditional and the building was unique with an upstairs bar to wait and relax...when you show up without a reservation...like we did the first time :)!!  The manager and hostess were gracious and made us feel very welcome...this is a popular place!
We were unaware that this is the home of "the Operatic singing wait staff"!! Lucy was our server the first time we went (yes, we went back a second) she was very gracious and had a wonderful voice!  Turns out she is from Argentina!  All the singers that evening had a wonderful voice and a huge shout out to the young couple from out of state that were given the opportunity to sing for the crowd!  They were Seniors in HS and had beautiful voices.  Definitely one of the highlights of our trip!Cool place where the wait staff are all trained opera singers.  Good food and nice wine selection.  Romantic.Food: 3.5
Decor: 4.5
Ambiance: 4.5
Service: 5
Value: 4
This place is special. While you are in an historic Italian restaurant in South Philly, it isn't necessarily the food that you are here for. It is the experience of the place. That being said, the food is certainly serviceable. This place would be even higher in terms of experience if the 2 person booths weren't so unbelievably small and uncomfortable.We walked in and the smile became wider and wider and folks I must tell you it made me have nostalgia as if I had seen this place before like my last life more than 90 years ago.  
I don't have to talk about food which is a 5/5. The Burratta is as fresh as one could get direct from the farm. The pesto with bread is breathtaking it was simply delicious. We closed our eyes and savoured every lil bit of morsel.  We had Tortellini the Ravioli and Prince Egor with caviar.  All is all a 6/5 with the service the opera performance. 
WE LOVE THIS PLACEA hidden gem in South Philly! Stopped in after a Phillies game and was impressed. I was never to sure about these rowhouse style restaurants, but I am sold. I ordered the Spicy Lamb Bolognese and my wife had the Homemade Crab Ravioli in a cream sauce. The food was so good I used the bread and wiped up every last drop of sauce. The atmosphere was authentic old world italian. Our server and the service was excellent. The best part was when all the servers (all trained opera singers mind you) take turns and sing an opera aria. I'm not an opera person, but this put an exclamation point on the meal and wrapped a bow around the entire evening. I didn't want to leave! I topped it off with Tiramisu and a Chocolate Martini. ECCEZIONALE!!
Did the Phillies win? No. Who cares! I will be back soon!!Victor Cafe is a real gem...make sure when you go you have a drink upstairs in the lounge because it is quite the experience...when we got there we were greeted by Rick, the owner and he was very genuine and humble and took good care of us...the calamari was some of the best I've ever had...the food was very good too...the experience was PHENOMENAL!...every 15-20 min or so one of the staff gets up and sings operatic numbers...and they are ALL incredible...a must see stop in Philly!!!...Opera + great food + excellent service + post-prohibition history = 5 stars!!
This restaurant is something unique. Let's start with opera. Most servers will perform at least once during your time there, so you get a great variety of performances - women, men, duos, French, Italian, etc. Our waiter, David, performed an exceptionally emotional duo performance. He was also a great waiter and seemingly great guy. He managed our girls night silliness with fun, poise and professionalism.
Food was DELICIOUS! We all got pasta and we were all very happy. I got the ravioli - you can't go wrong with that. I also tasted the tortellini. Salads are big and shareable. Dessert was tasty - both were great the chocolate cake and tiramisu.
Noise level was great. Other tables seemed very friendly - a nice crowd overall.
This restaurant is unique and gives Philly some creative flair. Go and keep John DiStefano's post-Prohibition 1933 dream of food and music alive!I love this place and have been here too many times! The singing is excellent and the restaurant is perfect to celebrate a special occasion.
The food is excellent and the restaurant is pretty economical, given the service, ambiance and the opera singing :)Wow! This is such a great spot. The dining experience from start to finish was so much fun and very memorable. I felt like I was on a vacation and forgot I was in Philadelphia! We started our night with drinks upstairs. I highly recommend arriving early to get a cocktail up stairs in the lounge. After drinks we were seated at a great table and immediately experienced the opera singing! These employees are so amazing and talented. We really enjoyed the occasional performances throughout the night. 
On top of all the fun entertainment, the food was incredible. We loved the pesto the serve with the bread. Both the burrata and calamari were great starters to share. All six of us got different entrees and everyone raved about there own dish. I ordered the Fra Diavolo with shrimp and it was perfectly spicy and very good. I tried some of my husbands Veal Picatta and the lemon butter sauce was light and flavorful. 
We ended our night with the staff singing happy birthday to my mom, and shared a yummy cannoli. It was a great spot to celebrate my mom's birthday. Victor Café is the full package and I can't wait to go back!So one of my buds wanted to see this place due to movies being filmed here (see their website) and so we decided to walk from Reading Terminal to here. I have to say it was worth it. This review is mostly for the upstairs bar but we did not expect such a nice upscale setup.  I would definitely spend more time here watching more football games with the comfy setup. Drinks were well made according to my friends (I had a beer).
But the best part was I had so much to drink throughout the day that I left my credit card here and they mailed it back to me!!!! They are awesome and the 5 stars I have chosen to give is well deserved. Thanks guys!Mobster pasta, yes!  Opera, yes!
If I were a gambling man, I'd say at least one person was shot here during the hard mafia days, I can feel it eminating from the floorboards!  The atmosphere is very cozy and great for a date night.  Worn photos and decadent art litters the walls.  You're greeted with that old building scent mixed with pasta sauce.
The servers are very friendly and, they're all opera singers.  That's right, every 20 minutes or so they will jangle a bell and sing an aria for you.  They do it free of charge but I'm sure the restaurant is tacking it on to the food price, which is high.  Regardless, the food typically takes a while to come out but it has been perfect for me every time.  I especially love the Diablo pasta, it is very spicy and the seafood is cooked just right.  
There are 2 reasons I give this place 4 stars instead of 5.  It IS expensive and I typically have to take a cab there.  Yes, I could walk, but you have to go through a few sketchy spots to get to a sketchy spot... not sure if I want to do that at night and parking isn't great around there.  Apart from that, I do enjoy it!Such an amazing place for dinner!   Had a reservation for 8:15 on Saturday for 5 people.  We went early to have drinks in the upstairs lounge.  The lounge is intimate with candles and couches and chairs.  The bartender was really nice and accommodating.   THe hostess came and was able to sit us about half an hour early.  
Our dinner waitress was efficient and nice. She didn't rush us and was able to answer any questions we had. Food was superb but the singing was phenomenal!   The opera singing will bring you to tears!   I definitely would go back the next time i am in townIf you are looking for an authentic Italian food experience in South Philly than this has to be near the top of the list.  Friendly wait staff, delicious food, casual atmosphere and wonderful rustic decor.  You can feel all of the great experiences that diners have experienced here in its many years of existence as you enter the front door.  The wait staff are opera students and take turns singing snippets of opera.  
Charming warm and wonderful.  It's a must visit.It was delicious food and incredible atmosphere! Opera singers are so talented . I ordered  whole fish and it was amazing !!!I cannot believe for a year I've been coming to this block solely for Green Eggs, when this little gem exists right across the street. I almost didn't write this review because I want to keep this place all to myself. But I had to share that Victor Cafe was one of the most wonderful surprises I've ever had when it comes to dining experiences. We chose the cafe simply based upon the fact that my roommate wanted a bolognese. (which she had, and was delicious). The performances totally surprised and wowed us. And the quality of the food and service was outrageously good. I had the Prince Igor and I would 100% get the exact same thing on a return trip. It is a great place to take your Italian grandparents (or parent, as accompanied us), or even a first date, considering the fact that the performances can break up conversation if you have a fear it'll get awkward. But seriously, you have to go here. And it HAS to be on someone's birthday, for a special treat from Victor Cafe!Went there for dinner for the first time and had a nice time. It's a definitely a different experience with the opera singers singing to you. Worth a visit!Amazing dinner experience. The waiter and waitress are also the singers who sang beautifully. Food is excellent. My salmon was perfectly cooked with delicious sauce. Berry salad was very good. Tiramisu is good too. My only complaint is they were already out of pork chop and zablagione although we were there early. Definitely coming back.What a neat dining experience!  A family owned Italian restaurant making great food, with excellent service, and outstanding operatic singing wait staff. 
I enjoyed chicken livers sautéed with fresh mushrooms, onions, and tomatoes, and then stirred in with linguine. It was delicious!The Victor Cafe deserves commentary not just on the food and service, but also on the restaurant's history, starting as a record store almost a century ago. The restaurant didn't open until the 1930's, but is still owned by the same family, which is remarkable in and of itself. Given its long history, I don't think it deserves anything less than to be taken seriously. Yet it teeters on the edge of being a tourist trap. But during my recent 2016 visit, every time they seemed to veer toward real disappointment, they also veered back, providing, overall, one of the most positively memorable restaurant experiences I'll probably have this year.
Make reservations. When we left after the first seating on a hot July Sunday night, it was packed, and people were waiting for tables.
First, about the food. It's okay, but not inspired, I'm sorry to say. (Note, as I explain below, it's not just about the food in this place.) In a great restaurant city like Philly, though, I would rank Victor way down on the list in recommending a truly inspired meal.
The food specifics: the Clams Casino were reportedly "okay," but didn't compare to the ones recently eaten in New Orleans (okay, maybe that's not fair). The Beet Salad was okay, too, but just a few slices of red and golden beets at the edge of a large pile of greens, just barely tasting of any dressing. I found the Porcini mushroom Ravioli with the Gorgonzola sauce to be satisfying, but I think it's exactly the same dish I had here some 30 years ago. The Veal Saltimbocca, however, stood out with a rave of "as good as I've ever had." Yes, I did like the flavored oil dipping bowl for the bread. But it's a soft-crusted, very close-crumbed bread, definitely out of fashion.
I first came to this restaurant before it expanded into the row house next door to add a second dining area. Those were the days when the record collection (mostly '78s) was housed in the large alcove in the back of the main dining room, and you could request that Maestro Di Stefano play your favorite opera aria. Ironic, isn't it, that now that vinyl is back, the records are gone?
Second, about the music. More specifically, the opera singing, which the waiters provide about every 20 minutes or so. (So don't be surprised if your waiter seems to know more about opera and less about details of how the dishes are prepared - but in our case, our waiter steered me away from what might have been choices he knew I'd regret.) You can find better live performances of opera and solo voice recitals in Philly. Not that these singers - most seemed to be grad students in music - are bad. One of our dear friends waited on tables here while in music school, and now he's in the Met Opera chorus. They really surprised me with their choices - two arias from "The Ballad of Baby Doe" (now that's an indication that this 20th century opera has truly entered the repertoire) a Schubert song (was that really "Der Tod und das Mädchen" with an abbreviated accompaniment? indeed - diners, look into the abyss of death as you contemplate the Veal Saltimbocca set before you!), two Donizetti arias (probably not known to most people, but perfect for a restaurant interlude). Most mainstream was a finely rendered "Maria" from West Side Story.
The old opera and food culture of Italian South Philly is now largely gone. There is a whole new restaurant/bar scene around E. Passyunk, which leaves anachronistic Victor behind. To judge from the photos of musicians on the walls, the clock stopped some time in the 1930s. The three most prominent conductor portraits are of Koussevitzky, Stokowski, and Toscanini (L-R). That grouping puzzled me for years until I realized that they recorded early on for RCA Victor. Those portraits were very likely distributed to promote record sales. A larger than life Nipper, also frozen in time listening to his master's voice, is there, too, above the door. Just as the menu is a bit fusty, so goes the musical culture on the walls. A veritable time capsule.
They veer toward being merely a tourist destination when a $12 glass of wine seems to be ungenerously small; with the Rocky-inspired painting on the back wall; with background music not entirely turned off so it competes with a waiter's aria; or when I mention to the bartender that I'd like him to pass my compliments on to his wife for her singing, he replies with a surly tone, "There she is, tell her yourself." The bothersome question here is whether the singing staff, with professional studies in their backgrounds, resent being props in a kitschy opera-themed tourist restaurant for people who don't even go to the opera. Not a good vibe. Tip generously.
Finally, I had to give them 5 stars because when trained singers get up and actually sing in the same room where you're sitting - whether they are amateur or professional - it sometimes may be far from perfect, but it's about as honest and genuine as it gets.I made a reservation here for 20 dudes for a bachelor party in April, canceled it, then booked it again within 2 days of showing up... and they were insanely accommodating and understanding. We were by far the least classy group in the restaurant but they treated us like royalty. Oh, and the fact that this is the restaurant from "Rocky Balboa" doesn't hurt at all either. I love this place, I can't wait to go back next time I'm in PhillyOne of the best dining experiences I've ever had.  Enjoyed by the entire family and good friends.  The food is fantastic and the singing is not a schtick, there are amazing voices in this restaurant.  You'll need reservations so plan ahead.I really enjoyed eating out dinner with a group of my friends for a birthday party here!  It was a first for me, I was astonished to how frequently they sing. If you love opera and know a little about music you will love it. The food was good and I couldn't say anything bad about it. However you go to a place like this for the music they have to offer and not just for the food, so do keep that in mind.  It is something that you should experience first hand. 
You will enjoy it!This review is a bit funny since I try to review places relative to ones in the same class, and I've never been to a place with opera singers before.  A friend who *is* an opera singer tells me that sometimes places with singers cheese out on the food, but the food was good.  In fact, I'd give them five stars except I want to leave headroom if the next Italian opera singer restaurant is really superlative. Also, cheaper than I expected.  $100 for two with a tip, with no wine or drinks except coffee.Exceeded all my expectations. The victor cafe was featured in the "Rocky" film as "Adrian's" so of course my boyfriend was intrigued to visit this restaurant. Victor's is pretty snug as far as seating but the food and the opera that the employees sang was a special treat. They ring a small bell located between both main dining rooms and introduce themselves and reveal what song they are about to sing. WOW. It was like combining dinner and a show in one shot. We finished the night in the top floor candlelit lounge with delicious cocktails, the French martini being my favorite. Don't walk, run to this place.If you are in Philly, you must come and try this place. Great food and phenomenal singers who also are amazing servers/bartenders. It used to be a Victor RCA records store, then after the prohibition ended it opened as a bar/restaurant. They would play records and people would get up and sing along. In the 70s they hired their first professional singing server. It was featured in Balboa and Creed. Pretty amazing. All the servers also sing professionally around the world.Have always wanted to go to Victor's having lived in South Philly my entire life.  We went on a Wednesday evening for my birthday celebration.  I should have known better from the moment we arrived and they did not show the reservation I had made the previous day.  We were seated at a very cramped table.  It was so hot that we were literally sweating.  The service was very poor.  It is clear that the waiters are opera singers and NOT waiters.  Not once during any of the courses did our waiter stop by to ask if everything was ok.  We ran out of water and had to actually request that our glasses be refilled.  My appetizer was so salty, I could feel myself swelling up.  I expected there to be a higher level of salt content as it was Prosciutto, but it was beyond what it should have been.  In addition the food was not hot when it arrived to the table.  When we asked for water to be refilled, I was informed they were busy.  In that case, hustle, instead of walking around like you have no idea what you are doing.  Even trying to wave a waiter down was ignored.  The wait in between courses was unbelievable.  If you are waiting for a meal that long then it should at least be hot and tasty when it arrives.  The polenta that was served with my meal had absolutely NO FLAVOR at all, in addition to being cold.  The best part of the whole evening was the little girl that was so very much enjoying the opera singing even more than the adults!  I wish that my family would have let me leave when I wanted to after receiving the horrible appetizer. Instead we spent way too much money on food and service that was inadequate at best.  In addition we were a party of 5 and the waiter automatically put a gratuity on the check when that is supposed to be for 6 or more people only.I can't think of anything to complain about!  First of all, this is a dining EXPERIENCE.  You are wined, dined, and serenaded by the staff - which is such an amazing (and unique) part of this place.  The serving staff are classically trained opera singers and trust me, you won't mind putting down your fork, stopping the conversation, and letting yourself be captivated!
Got there a half hour early on a Friday night for our reservation - no problem!  Greeted by the hostess (who, holy cow could she sing!) and led right to our table.  We had read reviews on here about the amazing opera singing which was such a cool perk.  Our waitress was very friendly and checked on us throughout the night.  Portions were HUGE!  My husband had mussels and butternut squash gnocci with pancetta and I had a roasted beet and goat cheese salad with calamari fra diavlo as my entree.  It was delicious!  I was in heaven with the perfectly spiced calamari dish.  For dessert, it was warmed chocolate cake with gelato from my choco-holic self and creme brulee for the hubs.  Prices are so reasonable.  For all of that (no alcohol ordered), we spent less than $100 (including tip!), and had enough for lunch the next day.
Bravo!!I had a really nice first visit to Victor Cafe with two others the a few days ago. I had heard many good things about this restaurant, and we wanted to try it for a special occasion. It sure is a unique place to visit - and great for out-of-towners and in-towners alike... one of those places that makes you stop and be thankful for living in such a wonderful history-rich city! 
It would've been nice if it was a BYO but we bought one of the cheaper bottles of wine for $36 - though it was nice and tasty! We ordered calamari and a bacon roast-beef type appetizer, which were both pleasant but quite salty. For the main meal - everyone enjoyed their entrees! The salmon was great - not too fishy and perfectly balanced. The veal and meal-sized salads were huge hits, too. For dessert, we split a fresh creme brûlée and had some Frangelico on the side. All said and done - we spent about $180 for a dinner for three - so make sure you're ready to drop a little penny if you do want to eat dinner here. 
The servers double as opera singers - the main draw of dining here! I wish I knew French or Italian (or whatever languages they were singing in) but it was still amazing to hear all of their beautiful voices entertain the guests between service rounds. 
Before we left, we visited the top level of Victor Cafe and found ourselves enchanted by an old speak-easy type of bar and lounge. This place is the real, authentic deal, and it's definitely worth a visit to step back into time and feel the history of South Philly.Fabulous fun and good food -- had a great evening at The Victor.  Server  was friendly, quick and knowledgeable.....and she sings!!  A really fun place to go in Philly - I surely recommend it.wow. no other place like this...wordwide. my grandfather lived in philly in the 1940's when he was in the navy and used to come to this cafe. He travels back to philly on occasion just to go here! the most unique thing about it is that all of the waitresses and waitors are beautiful opera singers!!! they ring a bell every so often to get the attention of the diners and sing for them!!! its very good. they are also very friendly, as they had to listen to my grandfathers stories of a time "before they were born". fancy food. beautiful lounge upstairs...dont miss it!!"To sing opera, one needs two things: the voice, and the passion- and above all, the passion."-Bocelli. The servers at Victor certainly have the passion. 
I've dined here twice and thoroughly enjoyed each occasion. While it may seem like a typical Italian South Philly restaurant on the outside, it's much more than that on the inside! Not only is the food delicious, but throughout the evening, the servers will frequently stop what they are doing and individually perform an aria to the delight of all being served. 
The meals are a la carte, with the exception of special holiday menus like on Valentine's Day. The salads, appetizers, and desserts are all fair game for sharing at the table. The entrees, ranging from gnocchi to fish to steak, go nicely with a glass of recommended vino. The veal parmesan that I had here was really stellar. I've gotten the creme brulee twice, and will certainly order it again!This beautiful restaurant is truly one of a kind! Every 20 minutes they have live opera by one of their own waiters! Everyone that works there is an opera singer! Not only was the atmosphere amazing, the food is spectacular!I have mixed feelings about this place.  The food was good, loved the atmosphere and the performances by the waitstaff were phenomenal.  I would definitely recommend checking out their upstairs lounge as well!  My favorite items were the burrata and the panna cotta.  
However, during our dinner it became apparent that the waitstaff are singers first, servers second.  First, we had reservations for 7:30 and asked if we could be seated around 7:27, to be told that our reservations are for 7:30 and it wasn't yet time.  Seriously?!  Our waitress was a great singer, but seemed distracted, and offered us dessert after our appetizers, forgetting to bring up our entrees (which thankfully were still warm).  Towards the end of the night all the staff seemed to be congregating around the bar, waiting for the guests to clear out.  Never really felt welcome.What an amazing place. So glad we got to experience this quaint restaurant. Beside being a historical landmark with walls of pictures telling the story, this Gem of a place is a real time capsule with real live opera singing waiters and waitresses.  The food was fabulous too. I had tilapia which was done perfectly and fabulous  tiramisu   For dessert. Dreaming of the day I can return to Philly, PA to go here againI like it because I am an opera singer and there's nothing like helping out singers with a job like this. The atmosphere is great.... but the food is way overpriced and I love lasagna so I ordered it thinking it would be great.... the middle was cold :-( .... but just go for great singing and atmosphere.Go here for the food, the atmosphere and the talented waitstaff! Situated on a cozy block, Victor Cafe is one of my favorite restaurants in Philly.
First of all, the food is delicious. It's Italian home-cooking like I imagine many Italian grandmothers make. Portions are just right and everything is flavorful and high-quality. The calamari was some of the best I've ever had.
Aside from great food, the waitstaff will serenade guests every 15 minutes or so with opera. I've never been to an opera before, but now I'm intrigued. 
(Side note: I noticed that some guests were making annoyed faces whenever the waitstaff rang the bell to sing, which I thought was rather rude. If you absolutely can't put down your phone or table your conversation for a few minutes, then perhaps you should reconsider your restaurant choice.)
We brought out-of-town visitors here and they claimed it was one of the highlights of their trip. Lucky for me, I live within walking distance, so I plan on enjoying this little Philly gem again and again.My friends and I went to victor cafe for my birthday. I wouldn't recommend going with a large group of you want to talk over dinner since they require you to be silent while the singers are performing...didn't think about this before we went. All of the servers take turns singing opera, amazing singers. The food was also really great. The bread with the pesto, garlic oil was so good! They also have a very cute upstairs bar with some seating, which is where you can grab a drink while you wait. Love the feel of this restaurant. Would recommend going here for a date or with a smaller party (even though they are able to accommodate for larger parties).I know mine will be a dissenting opinion from other reviewers but I found our large party dinner frustrating at this place. I will certainly admit the space is beautiful and the food is pretty good. My issue is with the frequency of the operatic serenades.  The singers are very talented but singing every 15 minutes is excessive and detracts from the quality of the meal as the entire table had to stop eating and talking and feel obligated to turn and face the singer. The frequency of this strongly detracts from the positive aspects of the restaurant.Victor's Cafe is quite a treat. The decor and the ambiance bring an old world feel which is quite refreshing in this era of modern is better. The food at Victor's was not bad. We had the calamari and prosciutto stuffed with crab appetizers. Both were not bad. We had linguine and clams as well as fettuccine with a cream sauce for dinner. Again, nothing to write home about. BUT... the fact that the waitstaff was able to sing Italian Opera was a thing of beauty. It is actually the main reason I would return. It is definitely a different experience and is well worth the time and money to enjoy the ambiance.I truly remember very little about the dishes I had at Victor Cafe. They were well-prepared, but average. I ordered a glass of white wine and some veal over pasta. The seating was pretty cramped and my SO and I were seated at a two-person table in the middle of the room. 
But once the waiters began singing beautiful arias, I did not really care what I was eating. It was so wonderful to hear men and women sharing their operatic talents with everyone. Completely enchanting and romantic. There were a variety of voices and one more musical-theater-type guy who sang "Imagine" for a couple's anniversary. I had a wonderful evening at Victor Cafe and really don't mind that the food is not mind-blowing. I do wish I hadn't had my back to the singers for most of the meal, but they moved around during the evening. A little overpriced, but totally worth it for the lovely music.The food is ok, and the service is just fine.  The real story is the atmosphere and the music, which has no equal anywhere. Every few minutes,  on of the wait staff rings a bell and gives a brief explanation of the operatic aria they're about to sing. The immensity of the music prevails. I'll be back!Very quaint South Philly Italian Restaurant, with live opera courtesy of the waitstaff!  Great food, and their rendition of "Tonight" from West Side Story was spellbinding. I had the Prince Igor, which I liked very much, and the chocolate mousse was delicious.  Only quarrel might be that wine by the glass is a dollar or two more than it should be, otherwise highly recommend!This would be 5 stars, if they would have diversified the menu a little in the last 10 years.
Simply speaking the music and ambiance are great, service is OK, it is friendly, but not very professional.  Cooking could be better.Visiting from out of town and went here with two colleagues for my birthday dinner.  We had a great time, loved the singing waiter, waitresses and bartender.  They all had beautiful voices and it was fun!  We shared an appetizer which was awesome! I can't remember the name, but it was crispy filled proscuitto and delicious!  I had the mushroom ravioli with gorgonzola cream sauce and it was excellent too.  I would definitely go back.  Service was good, food was very good, and we had entertainment too!Favorite place to dine in Philly. In Pennsylvania. In America. Around the world. Delicious classic Italian food. Talented professional singers. Romantic and cozy setting. Love and passion carried on from the founder. First visited in the early 90s. Just visited this past summer. And it's as good as ever. After dining at Victor Cafe, I'm always happy. Always satisfied. Thank you Victor Cafe. You guys are THE BEST.Just ridiculously good. Forget Ralph's or any other crackerjack place. We're talking: quiet block, unassuming, beautiful decor, great space, giant lounge, good cocktails, excellent food and a waitress who just sang a song worthy of the Met...LOVE this place! We had been here on our first date, and decided to bring our out-of-town family/friends for an entertaining and unique experience! They also loved it and said it was their favorite part of the trip. The waiters/waitresses are incredible opera singers (and I'm not an opera fan by any means). The food is very good, but the best part about this place is the ambiance! 
Don't forget to check out the upstairs lounge area!If your a fan of opera and good Italian food, you'll love this place. Great place for large groups. Just be ready to listen when the bell is rang, the staff will explain the song that they are about to sing and be ready for some amazing opera singing. The drink prices are a little high but what isn't high these days. I love the history and family dedication to this place. The staff there are very professional and kind. I can't wait to go back.Tonight was my first time at this one of a kind dinning experience! The food was amazing! The service was excellent. Oh, and did I mention they sing opera while you eat!!! They even sang Happy Birthday to my father in law, in opera!!! Our server/singer was Shanley. She was AMAZING!! This may have been my first time there, but I am certain it will not be my last!!Took my date here few years ago for Valentines day.  Must say, I enjoyed every moment of it.  I had Lamb chops which didn't smell at all...and perfectly cooked....and best part was your server would sing a Opera in between serviing the tables....guys, if you want to impress your date, then this is the place.Simply outstanding! My mother, brother, and I enjoyed this restaurant immensely. We had a 7:30 reservation, but we're made to wait until ~8:00 before being seated. The hostess apologized profusely for the wait and comped our desserts without us even asking. I was appreciative that they made an effort to rectify the inconvenience. 
We were seated in the smaller section to the side of the restaurant and while we didn't have a great view of all of the performances of the evening, we were treated to performances exclusively for our section and all the waiters made an effort to move around the restaurant so that all diners could be treated to their fantastic voices. 
The food was delicious. My mother and I ordered the Chicken Tosca, a pan seared chicken breast stuffed with cheese and prosciutto with polenta and veggies. My brother had the pork chop with mashed potatoes. I also ordered a side of linguine with alfredo sauce. 
Everyone loved their meal. The meat was tender and flavorful and the pasta clung to the creamy alfredo sauce. My brother loved his dish as well. 
Altogether, we had a delightful experience. The combination of food, service, and entertainment is hard to beat!Came here for an early V-day dinner bc I had heard about the opera singing and romantic ambience and it sounded perfect!
So when I arrived the ambience was warm but would not call it romantic. Very loud and tons of people everywhere. The hostesses all seemed flustered. We were seated right away with our reservation but we were started off greeted by one waiter and then 5 mins later another one because they didn't know our table was already picked up by someone..anyways, I didn't mind how crazy and loud and busy the place was bc I kinda like that home-family-big italian dinner like feel but that's just me. 
So our hostess was kind of irritable and that wasn't pleasant..after ordering food and drinks and waiting 15 mins we finally reminded her about a bread basket and she rolled her eyes at us...and a cold bread basket was quickly plopped on our table by another hostess.
I was so excited for someone to start singing bc that part I left as a surprise for my boyfriend but I was very disappointed that the whole first hour we were there..there was only ONE performance and it was on the other side of the restaurant so we could barely hear it. As we were finishing up (around 9:30) the singing really picked up a lot, a performance almost every 5 minutes and they all sounded so beautiful and lovely I really wish our whole dinner was like that! In fact, I specifically  made reservations at 8:00 assuming that would be prime time..but it was not. 
Like other reviewers mentioned, the food was good - nothing amazing but no complaints. Overall, this place was cool to check out, but if I were to come again I would somehow try to find out when most of the singing was going to be because that was really cool and beautiful and I would loved to hear more.LOVED!!! Took my boyfriend here for his b-day (he is really italian) he had so much fun. The food was great (i got the veal). Deff a must tryWonderful dining experience. The servers perform arias every few minutes. Food is authentic and the portions are great. Drinks are on point, huge wine selection. Nice family place a definite stop if you're in the Philadelphia area. Make a red the place is packed.The gluten-free risotto was amazing. Don't worry if you are not an opera fan. The wait staff sings every 15-20minutes and songs only last a few minutes. Reservations are strongly recommended. We went on a sunday night and it was packed.We had a lovely time at Victor Cafe! We've lived around the corner for years and never thought twice about this place, until I began hearing more about it from friends. I had no idea it was so popular as its on a pretty quiet street. 
The food is very good for your homestyle Italian. Perfect comforts for someone who grew up on pasta and grandma's sauce. The service is also outstanding, which I think you could attribute to the fact that the entire wait staff are trained performers and genuinely care about what they're doing. 
The opera performances were also very impressive (and I'm not a fan of opera). I was afraid it would seem disruptive to the dining experience, but I felt it actually added a unique and wonderful touch. It also helped pace out the meal well, since every time someone sang, the whole restaurant basically stopped what they're doing to pay attention to the performance. The restaurant is also much larger than I realized, so the singers perform in different rooms - so its not necessarily that every 20 minutes you will stop eating and watch a show.
The upstairs lounge is very cool looking, so next time we'll have to go a little earlier to enjoy a pre-dinner beverage. Very cozy and old school up there.We were recommended this restaurant from a family friend who only told us that they occasionally may play music and its Italian food.  We easily got a reservation on opentable.  We arrived early and they sat us right away.  The waitress was very attentive.  We had the calamari for a starter which was very good.  It was very crispy, but well seasoned.  We also had the branzino, which the waitress offered to remove the head an tail for us since it was prepared with both on the plate. We also had the salmon and pasta which was very good.  The portions were very large, and I took more than half mine home.  While the deserts looked good, we were too stuffed to try them.  
The music:  Every 20 minutes the staff rings a bell, and one of the waiters or waitresses sings a piece.  We had some great performances while we there.  I thought our waitress was the best, but I may have been a bit bias.  
Overall, it was a unique dining experience, with very good food.  I will certainly be coming back.  I am even thinking of making it my graduation night dinner.What's not to love? Stellar music in a lovely, cozy setting that oozes charm. The food was good, but I was so engrossed by the singing that I hardly noticed much else.
Wait staff were clearly passionate about their art, which made the experience that much more special. Next time I'll come on a weekend so I can spend time in the upstairs lounge, which looked really cool. Speakeasy-ish. One can never get enough of Victor Cafe.Everyone deserves a second chance right?  I was skeptical when my husband decided he wanted to go back to Victor's for his birthday dinner in July, but I figured it was his birthday and he should choose.  What a difference!!!  We were greeted graciously and seated immediately.  Our server was as phenomenal singer as she was a server.  We never had to ask for our water to be refilled this time.  The food was delicious, not overly salty, seasoned just right!  The music was amazing as well.  The temperature of the restaurant and the food was just right.  (if you couldn't tell I am particular about the temperature of my food!)  I would definitely return after giving Victor's a second chance.Went out here for a dinner for a special occasion. It was my first time and I didn't know what to expect. I started off with mussel with white wine sauce. The sauce was very tasty but the mussel itself was little too much cooked for my taste. For my main dish, I ordered Fra Diavolo Mephistopheles for my main dish and it was spicy, and I LIKED IT! We had a brussels sprouts as side dish but I thought that was little blend for me. As you may aware, all wait staff at Victor cafe are also opera singers who performed during course of our dinner, I think they were all talented so be prepared to be interrupted - not in bad way! Overall, we really liked the experience and definitely I see another visit in near future.Wow! Went with friends. We had a great time. The opera sung by the waiters was fantastic. You don't need to understand it to enjoy it. The waitress told us the wine list is being revamped, but we got two really good bottles. The food is not the best Italian in south Philly, but pretty good. The vibe was almost that of a dinner party in a private home with entertainment.If you are looking for excellent food and a great atmosphere then this is the place. My team of 8 business  professionals shared 5 different appetizers which were all top shelf quality.  When dinner arrived it was outstanding... I had a lobster stuffed ravioli and it exceeded expectations. My teammates were equally pleased with their meals and we decided to order dessert. We shared multiple dessert and would highly recommend Victor's if only for the food.  However, there more... throughout the night the extremely professional staff would break in to opera songs worthy of broadway. What a great experience all round! Highly recommended!Delicious authentic Italian food, amazing operatic entertainment. A wonderful, enjoyable dining experience.Great experience.   We went here on 1/14 for my fiance birthday, and boy will I say we enjoyed ourselves.   The live entertainment  (the servers sing opera) is an experience within itself they do a wonderful job from giving a small history on the piece they are about to sing, to acting it out.  They sing about every 20-25 minutes for about 5-8 minutes and the suspense of the song keeps your anticipation for their next song.  Now to the food..excellent!!!!!  I had a pasta special with shrimp & scallops that was very tasty my fiance had the Fra Diablo with shrimp that she's still talking about..lol.. The ambiance of the restaurant and the Rocky memorabilia, to the art is outstanding.   Not sure if you are familiar with an Italian restaurant in Atlantic City by the name of Chef Vola (Google it) number 2 best restaurant in AC, food here is also great, but bcuz of the entertainment at Victor I have to give it a head above Chef Vola.  The staff was very pleasant,  we had a 730 reservation and arrived maybe 5 minutes prior and was seated right away.  Our server (Steve) was very accommodating with recommendations of food to arranging for his colleagues to sing happy bday to my fiance (which is sung opera style) she was surprised and really enjoyed it.  I would recommend this restaurant to anyone who's looking for something different in dinner.  We will definitely be returning.This place is just so much fun!  My first memory of the Victor Cafe doesn't actually stem from the experience of being there:  my best friend throughout elementary school was taken there against her will by her grandparents for her birthday, and she was absolutely mortified by the fact that she received an operatic rendition of "Happy Birthday" for the whole restaurant to witness.  I always laugh when I think back to her adolescent horror, and having been there now I can picture the entire thing unfold.
Anyway, I digress.  We were seated in a cozy little corner on Friday night for a nice family dinner.  Our waiter was very pleasant, and a wonderful tenor!  The service was on the slower side; however, every 20 minutes or so, the entire restaurant pauses for one of the servers to sing an aria and there is just no way you can be bothered as it's so much fun.  I got the Caprese salad, which was absolutely delicious!  They sear the mozzarella and it all comes out meltingly warm which I've never had before (the appetizer has always been served ice cold everywhere else I've had it).  Mom and sister split the spinach salad, which they didn't love for the heavy dressing.  Dad got the Antipasto, which was a scrumptious selection of cheeses, meats, olives and peppers.  For entrees, I got the special:  gnocchi with pesto - delicious!  They have a nice selection of pasta and meat choices on the menu, and you're sure to find something you'll love. 
The only downside here would be parking - they do have valet (I think for $18), and then your typical South Philly parking.  For those of you reading this that are unfamiliar with how we do things in South Philly, basically any open space goes, whether it be in the middle of the median, on a corner, or up on the sidewalk.  We lucked out and got a free spot in a 2-hour zone which worked out perfectly.  Give yourself a little extra time if you're driving.Ambience, culture, entertainment, quality of food, quality of service, and reasonable prices can't be beat ANYWHERE in the country! Cannelloni was to die for! Burrata melted in my mouth, veal saltimbocca was an explosion to my palate, we were so full, Tiramisu just have to be ordered in the next visit. Luciana, our wonderful waitress, will be an opera star in the near future. What an enjoyable dinner, listening to such talented opera singers!!!This place is awesome for the history and nostalgia. You'd never know where it was or how awesome the vibe is inside from just walking by out front, so I was very glad I had some Philly natives help me find it. The food was also delicious, but definitely not super diet friendly. My cannelloni was super rich and luxurious. 
I will say though, the opera got kind of old. I'm not necessarily a huge opera fan in the first place, so I may not be the best to review. And if they had just stopped everyone to sing once or twice throughout the meal, it would've been fine. But it seemed like every 10 minutes, someone else was getting up to sing, and it's super hard to carry on a conversation with old friends when you've got arias being belted out three feet away. We also happened to be seated right next to the staircase where the performers started, so it might've been better if you were seated in a corner somewhere.
Also -- make sure you go upstairs for drinks beforehand. Awesome decor.Wow. This place is so special. 
My boyfriend and I went to The Victor Cafe last night to celebrate my birthday. We originally were planning to go to one of the many upscale steak houses in Center City, which I decided are (in my opinion) never truly worth the sky high price tags. I was making reservations for a Saturday night only a few days out, so knew I might be limited in terms of availability. I saw that Victor Cafe had great ratings and more importantly at that point, open tables for an 8pm reservation. My boyfriend nor myself had ever been there, and looking through the reviews and history of the place, we decided to give it a try. So so so happy we did.
We arrived promptly at 8 and were immediately walked to our intimate two top in a small side room off of the main entrance area. (Next time I would definitely plan to come about 30 minutes early to snag a drink at the beautiful upstairs candlelit bar!) We were seated and quickly greeted by our server, Steven. We both ordered drinks and decided to also order two appetizers, the burrata and fried calamari. Both were delicious. The roasted peppers with a rich flavor that came with the burrata were especially tasty. Truly a great start to our meal. For entrees, my boyfriend ordered the Pork Chops and I, the decadent ravioli. Steven quickly took our order and then we look up and he begins singing a song from My Fair Lady for the restaurant. If you haven't gathered already from the other reviews, the staff here are all professionally trained opera/theater singers. And they are truly fantastic. I was worried when I heard of this aspect that my boyfriend might not like it--but they do it timed perfectly (about every 15-20 minutes or so), so it's not disruptive in any way and is just such a wonderful overall experience.
Our main meals came, my boyfriend's pork chops cooked perfectly with a side of garlic mashed potatoes and my mushroom filled ravioli with a gorgonzola cream sauce with walnuts and tomatoes was rich and out-of-this-world good. We both knew we wouldn't be able to finish them so had them boxed for my delicious lunch later today. For desert my boyfriend had sneakily told the staff it was my birthday, so here they all came in all their opera glory singing me happy birthday and presenting my a slice of tiramisu with a lit candle. It was honestly such a beautiful night. I was afraid it might feel "gimmicky" or maybe even like a tourist trap, and I assure you it was neither of those things. Just a lovely night, from the ambiance and coziness of the restaurant itself, to the incredibly friendly and talented (!!!) employees (major shout out to Steven, who took wonderful care of us!!), to the delicious food. I would recommend this place to anyone wanting to celebrate a special night or just to go somewhere out of the ordinary for a unique and beautiful night out in Philadelphia!I love this place! I got engaged here and they made it an amazing night for me . My dinner was great the staff was great and I've even gone back and had drinks and apps. Upstairs, just awesome !!!!!I went to Victor Cafe with a friend for her birthday dinner and was thoroughly impressed by the night. We arrived and waited in the upstairs area while they were getting out table ready. The area is set up like a lounge with beautiful candelabras, a separate bar and snacks set out to hold people over while they wait. The staff were pretty helpful keeping us updated on the status of our table and even transferring the tab from the bar to our table. Once we were seated down stairs i first noticed all of the photos of the opera singers on the walls and the beautiful ceiling in the restaurant. It would have been nice to be able to put names to the faces on the walls. Our waitress was very knowledgeable about the menu and very helpful and polite throughout dinner. The highlight of the night as many have stated is the singing. The staff here have beautiful voices and it was nice to listen to them throughout the night. It also seemed that every table was celebrating a birthday as they sang Happy Birthday just as much as other songs. 
Now on to the most important part, the food! I had the mussels in white sauce as an appetizer and the spinach and artichoke lasagna for dinner and I was not disappointed! Every bite of food was delicious and I slept well that night as I fell into a food coma! lol  Even the bread and dipping sauce was delicious. We finished the meal off with a delicious tiramisu! I will be back on one of the many visits I plan to make to the area.Soyons clair, si vous souhaitez sortir de l'ordinaire des restaurants peu chers, ou BCBG, trendy et autres tendances, alors venez-vous faire plaisir en cet endroit sorti du temps... 
Une cuisine italienne délicieuse et fabuleuse, un service attentionné et efficace, une ambiance sans pareille, avec une surprise que je vous laisse découvrir, mais qui, à elle seule, vaut le déplacement...
Beaucoup viennent pour le resto de Rocky, dont il ne reste aucune trace, tous repartent avec les yeux brillants, emplis d'images, de sons, et de saveurs...
Si c'est votre anniversaire, et/ou de mariage, faites le savoir à l'arrivée...
Prix: $$$ sur $$$$$
Bien à vous et viva l'amore...One of my 10 favorite dining experiences in the world!  Delicious meal, attentive service staff and wonderfully talented opera singers taking center stage every 15 minutes. My whole body sea bass was great, as was my partners pasta. Great wine list to choose from, I believe we had the niebiolo. Mangia!What a classy place! From the upstairs lounge to dinner! First time there for my boyfriends bday and it was all I hoped for an more! I can't wait to go back!! Especially being a boxing fan & founding out it was Adrian's Resturant in Rocky!! That was a plus!!!My husband took me for dinner with all of children, 9 of us total.  It was amazing.  I wasn't thrilled when we first arrived as we had Italian several times in the previous 2 weeks.  So glad we came!  The singing was fun and the food was fantastic.  I would recommend for anyone looking for a fun dining experience.We have been to Victor's many times. Definitely make reservations a few days in advance.  What I like is if you get there early, you could go upstairs to the private bar and have a few drinks and wait until your tables ready. The upstairs bar is private, very cozy with a few different rooms.  Very comfortable with the great setting.   They have a complete selection of beer, wine and any mixed drinks.  Excellent gourmet Italian menu.  Appetizers, entree and desserts....All items are A++.  Nice verity to choose from.  But of course the best part of eating at Victor are the waitress and waiters and their singing abilities.  All professional opera singers with outstanding vocal abilities.   A truly excellent dining experience.   Anyone who visits Philadelphia must visit Victor's.   Great setting, great staff, great service, great food, great experience.  I give this fabulous restaurant an A+!!! Get there soon!!!  You must experience it!!Amazing food opera singers and it was in the Rocky movie! I recommend the spaghetti and meatballs!Everything was amazing!  The food was delicious and all the servers voices are beautiful! We are from Georgia but will definitely be back.We went in last night for dinner because we didn't have many options in the area but we were glad we did! The opera singers/ wait staff are very talented and it a unique place with great/ authentic Italian food too.Just had dinner here with some friends. HIGHLY recommend it. Great place for authentic Italian food. The opera is great as they sing about every 15-20 min. What talent! I loved the atmosphere, decor, history, service was great... in summary, I definitely recommend going!This was an amazing experience.  I had heard one bad review from a friend but dedided to listen to the many good reviews from my friends.  The food was excellent, the staff very attentive, and the singing unbelievable.  The one young lady was so petite that when she sang you wouldn't believe it was coming from her.  The bartender was great as I didn't know what i wanted to drink so left it up to him to make me something.  Was not disappointed in the least.  He even had an excellent voice.
There were six of us that went for dinner and we all said we would go back again.  Thank you Victor Cafe for making my birthday a spectular event.  I would definetly go back againFirst off, this is the neatest little building, a class act old-style kind of place that kind of makes you feel like a movie star in an old movie. Not because it's fancy, but because it's full of character. I love a place that has covered every available wall space with photos and pictures and paintings! And the tin ceiling is lovely. 
The food is pretty good, classic Italian dishes and a surprising number of vegetarian options, but you really go to Victor for the atmosphere - the wait staff breaking into song every few minutes. I took my parents, who were visiting from out of town, and they could truly say they'd never been to any place like it!
I will say that I had to waiver on stars, though, because our waiter really wasn't good. He didn't have the specials memorized, he always seemed rushed, and in an entire dinner service he never removed the used (and discarded) glassware from the side of our table. It's a crowded space, and we really could have used the elbow space. The wait staff have so much to do - with the singing, and cuing each others music, and the night we were there, seemingly managing the place and serving as hosts/hostesses, its hard to blame them for not being more attentive. That said, the OTHER wait staff were very helpful, and eventually cleared our table, so maybe our waiter was just the worst of the crop. So it goes. 
Definitely a memorable place for a date or entertaining, I'd go back.What an incredible recommendation this was.  The evening was nothing short of fantastic.  Great food, great service, and amazing opera about about 30 minutes.Victor's truly is a rendez-vous for music lovers. While I enjoyed my meal here, the food isn't the reason I'll be returning--it's for the experience. 
The waitstaff are all opera singers, and periodically sing for the entire restaurant throughout the evening. I was incredibly impressed with how talented they all are, too! 
The food deserves 4 stars overall (but the singing bumps it up to 5!). To start, we had the mussels in the red sauce. They were a bit chewy, but the red sauce had very fresh herbs in it so I enjoyed dipping bread in there after we finished the mussels. We split the pesto tortellini and the fra diavolo. The pesto was great, very basil-y and garlic-y. The fra diavolo was also good, but I thought the red sauce could use a bit more flavor. The creme brulee was delicious, and was definitely the highlight of the meal.Fabulous Time with new Army Cadet Families!  Food was great and opera so fun!  Thank you!My visit to Victor Cafe was very sweet. Though the primary dining room is rather narrow, my big family managed to sit comfortably. The walls are adorned with the faces of great opera past in black and white photos, and the light is soft and rosy. The servers have fantastic voices, and each aria threatened to bring tears to my eyes! I'm also of a considerably...emotional nature :). 
The food is mixed-- some authentic Italian and other things obviously shortcut. They bring "pesto" with the breadbasket, but it's flavorless and separated, a deep layer of oil atop gunky old basil food-processed to a fine paste. I never would have noticed its absence, as I prefer my bread with just a touch of peppered extra virgin olive oil. My pasta dish (penne with smoked salmon, peas, and asparagus in vodka sauce) was so-so, though the pasta was cooked perfectly and the sauce wasn't too overbearing. Not bad, but not great. Just average. Unremarkable. The mushroom ravioli in gorgonzola cream sauce was something I might return for but only on the coldest day. Any other time it'd be a bit too heavy!
All in all, decent supper. It's really about the periodic musical interludes! Returning on a date might be fun ;).I've been to Victor Cafe quite a few times in the past few years and the service has been average. I have always visited as a 2 top so getting a table was never an issue (practically no wait time) and now that you can make reservations on OpenTable, it is a breeze. Parking is standard for South Philly so the complaints about that are kind of laughable. Waiters and waitresses have always been friendly but seem a bit flustered (I think this is because I typically go on a Saturday evening - one of their busier times). The music, though phenomenal, is very date night-esque and a bit touristy IMO. For someone who is just going out for good Italian fare, I might recommend you go elsewhere - you could end up with a migraine (been there, done that). 
I was unimpressed with the calamari appetizer (very chewy) however their salads are good (I personally like the arugula salad). The crespelle is also very good and makes for a nice sharing app for two. The reason for my continuous return is the meat tortellini bellini. Fantastic. And I don't even care for bacon or peas on their own but in this dish - yum. The BF however has had a few poorly done dishes. On our most visit recent, his entree was served with a side of risotto. The risotto was way undercooked. Poor guy. I haven't tried anything on their dessert menu, I have glanced at it and nothing sounded all that interesting but who knows! 
Overall unless you're going for the music, I'd suggest elsewhere for Italian especially with what you'd fork out in $$$ at Victor's.We had my Moms 80th birthday party here.  The servers are all highly talented opera singers.  Every 15-20 minutes one of the server/singers ring a bell and tell the background of the aria they are about to perform.  The quality of the performances is just short of the quality you would expect at The Met. Dramatic and emotive in their performances.
If the singers were all the Victor Cafe had to offer it would have been worth the trip.  The food was great and 10 picky eaters were all very pleased. Mom had the special rack of lamb cooked to a perfect medium rare & enough to feed 3 people. The various pasta dishes were wonderful as well as the fish.  Lots of doggie bags for the leftovers.
Always room for desserts- the tiramisu was light & delicious but the table favorite was the chocolate lava cake.  We didn't need doggie bags for the sweeties- they were devoured.
To quote Arnold Swartzeneger/ we will be back!I admit it.  I brought my boyfriend here because he's a HUGE Rocky fan and I found out that scenes from the last movie were filmed in this restaurant (it served as the setting for Adrian's, the restaurant Rocky owned).  Initially, that was the only draw.  Kinda stupid, I know, but...you don't know my boyfriend!  Ha.
Anyway.  After actually eating here, I was absolutely thrilled that I took the chance.  The food was delicious.  We did this over 2 years ago, so at this point, I honestly don't remember what we ate, but I do remember that it was so good that neither of us could stop eating and we walked out of there stuffed to the gills!  
But my favorite part was the opera.  What a great setting!  The waiters/waitresses were really talented, and I found myself anxiously awaiting each time they would step up to sing!  It just made the experience at the restaurant that much more fun and interesting, and it gave Matt and I something more to talk about after dinner.
We keep saying we're going to go back to Victor Cafe but just haven't made it there yet.  I really hope we do, and soon!Excellent food and an atmosphere beyond compare. Entertains every time. I recommend this place to anyone looking for an interesting evening. The food is good...   but the service is amazing..There are too many good things to say about this gem. I've loved The Victor Cafe since I was a little girl, but I've grown to appreciate its atmosphere and the experience as I've gotten older. The servers are so sweet, and incredibly talented. Their voices radiate through the halls. I find it so charming how they tell a brief story before singing the song - it really helps you put their character into perception. 
Everything from the bread, to the salads, and finally - the pasta, is incredible. I ordered the penne with blush sauce, topped with salmon and caviar. It was the best penne and blush sauce that I've ever had, which is tremendous ...because it's my staple dish. 
My father, an Italian, said that this is the only restaurant in Philadelphia that pays homage to an Italian upbringing. Every dish is created as our Nonnas would have made them. He raved about his braciole in his dish. Epic. 
The dessert and coffee was also incredible. This is my absolute favorite Italian restaurant in Philly. I encourage you to check it out - it's been open for 99 years for a very good reason.
Also: The upstairs bar and lounge are so charming. Perfect as a pre or post date night drink.Came here yesterday with a friend for a 6pm reservation.  We arrived on time, and the restaurant was completely packed.  Almost overflowing! People said it was because of the Andrea Bocelli concert and additionally the Army/Navy game for today.  We were asked to wait in the lounge upstairs until our table was ready.
After less than 10 minutes, we were seated.  The restaurant is fully covered in old black and white head shots and other artwork of all things opera, and also a healthy dose of Rocky as they filmed some of the movie scenes here.  
The menu looked very good and reasonably priced. I chose a beet salad and the Dido and Aeneas pasta which was spaghetti with dry scallops and shrimp in a butter based sauce.  Both were excellent and filling.  Scallops were cooked perfectly.  My friend had a Caesar salad and Rustica Pasta which included homemade meatballs and sausage.  He also loved his meal.  They serve bread with a pesto/oil which was very good.
About every 20 minutes, one of the staff rings a bell, and they give a short synopsis of the piece they are about to sing.  The music starts, and everyone stops to listen.  It's a little weird to just drop everything interrupting your meal to listen, but the pieces are short and sweet, and then you get back to your eating and conversation.  The staff are all professional singers or at least in school for music.  Sometimes they travel around the restaurant so you lose your ability to hear everything, but you still have to wait.
After we were finished having some cordials post dinner, we decided to go back upstairs to the very cool lounge which has several couches and chairs and more memorabilia.  We ended up having a discussion with someone who was waiting for their party to arrive and had a pleasant time.
The only thing that I did not like about Victor Cafe was where we were seated for our 2-top.  We were on the main floor next to a set of two stairs to another eating level.  The flooring thumped every time a staff or customer came up or down the steps, and it was constant!  For me, it was extremely irritating to have to deal with it not only sound-wise, but having the table move with the drinks and such.  Since the restaurant was packed, there was constant movement past our table and thump, thump, thump.  The flooring needs to be improved to avoid the movement.  This was really my only negative, but it was so bad it did not make me want to hit the high note about Victor Cafe.
Service was friendly and colorful.  I think they sang Happy Birthday about six times while we were eating.
$122 including tip for two, and one drink each, no dessert.  Additional $45 for alcohol before and after the meal.This was the best food I have had in a very long time. Modestly priced with large portions to take home for tomorrow. Good drink selection and the Oprah singers were fantastic. It wasn't the whole time like I was expecting but it was just the right amount.It was date night for me and my husband and we wanted to check out a place that's in our new neighborhood that we haven't tried yet. Victor Cafe fit the bill just right. 
Super easy to make reservations through my phone and off we went all dudded up. :) I started with the pear and blue cheese salad. It was ok. I have a feeling that they dressed it then froze it. The salad was freezing cold and the dressing was almost solid. I was starving so I ate it. My husband got an appetizer of calamari and seemed to enjoy that. We also got a bottle of wine and the first sip wasn't bad but once we kept drinking it, it seemed as though it was right on the edge of going bad. It had that little burn to it, almost becoming vinegar. My husband didn't notice it as much as I did, so I just switched to Chianti (we were having Pinot Noir) and he had to finish the bottle on his own- he wasn't upset about that. 
I had the mushroom ravioli which was amazing! This dish literally saved the review from being 2 stars! It's that good! My husband had the tortellini with pesto and that was decent, but I definitely won that food round. 
We both got dessert, lemon sorbet and tiramisu. I didn't try the tiramisu because it was saturated with espresso and I wouldn't have slept, but it looked amazing and that's what my man told me. The sorbet was a perfect end to my meal, refreshing and light. 
This place is an experience. You're not coming for incredible food. You're coming for the amazing arias and service and music. The food is allowed to be so-so. Just know that going in, and please don't use this food as comparison for all South Philly Italian fare.This was a special occasion and the evening was excellent in every way. 
First, once all people on our table arrived service was prompt and attentive. 
We had two people who flew into the airport from out of town. There flight was delayed. I changed the reservation once, but we still had to wait 40 minutes for their arrival. 
The waitress held of on getting us to order initially, but was there immediately when they arrived.  We did order Fried Calamari to carry us over until our guests arrived. 
The waitress was friendly and answered questions, such as the training for the singers. 
First tip, use the valet parking. It makes the evening easier than trying to drive around South Philly looking for an opening. 
So the food is outstanding, I ordered a pasta dish with three kinds of meat. It was delicious and cooked wonderfully. It came with a large mound of spaghetti. 
My 11 year old son, had a pasta dish they made just for him. Basically, a cheese ravioli with an alfredo sauce. He did not like the vegetables in the different pasta dishes. 
Wy Aunt had a Chicken Picata and thought it was outstanding. 
My Uncle, I'm not sure what he had but it looked good. 
Second tip, know that they sing every 15 minutes. This at times breaks up conversation at the table. The aria's are fairly short a couple minutes or two. But, they are all exceptional. I did not know when booking they did this. But, my Aunt and Uncle from out of town loved it! 
The environment is unique. You are in an old school Italian cafe, with red checkered table cloths and lots of photos on the wall. My son thought the people looked funny/crazy. And initially he didn't like the music. But, he would be upset during the singing if the singer went in the other room. (I think he enjoyed it even though he said the music was awful.) 
I'm thrilled with this experience. And my last thought, I think there are a couple chain restaurants that try to duplicate this place in some way (Bucca Di Peppo). But, this is a classic place and done very well.Our party of four dined here this weekend.  The valet parking was very efficient.  We enjoyed our little wait in the upstairs "speakeasy" which is decorated with lots of cool antique  opera memorabilia.  Our waiter David was charming and had a fabulous singing voice.  We loved all of the wait staff's performances.  The menu, however, was very old school which was okay for most of our party but was problematic for me the vegan.  With the U.S. vegan population projected to be 10% by the end of 2014, why don't all restaurants offer at least one vegan choice?  At least they had broccoli rabe as a side dish but nothing to go with it to make a complete meal.At Victor Cafe, the food is not great.  Lacks flavour and is overpriced.  Pasta is overcooked.  Fish was bland and overcooked.
But the food's not why you're here.  You're here because every once in a while, a server will burst into song.  Some performances are unimpressive (much like the food), but one singer had a wonderful, deep, operatic voice.  He was fantastico!
I've definitely had better Italian food, but I'm adding a star for the novelty of singing waiters.Food and waitress were good. Performers were very entertaining. Cool space and lots of photos to look at. Fun for group!I have been to the Victor Cafe three times and have always been thrilled with the experience.  The restaurant is retro and romantic yet also fun for the whole family.  The food is delicious and reasonably priced for what you get, both with actual food and with the overall dining experience.  The food tastes fresh and is full of flavor.  We had an excellent waitress and, when she wasn't available, other wait staff checked in with us.  The true joy of the whole experience, though, is the opera singing by the wait staff.  They are incredibly talented and worth every penny.  They make what is a phenomenal dining experience even better!I can't say I know the food well enough to be an expert after only one visit. From my dish and my companion, it appears to be well made & tasty food. The menu is more traditional, kind of the same menu you might see in 1940, but that's ok too!  I had a dish that I haven't seen  on a menu in years, it was Pasta Caruso...sauteed chicken livers with tomatoes, mushrooms, marsala, over linguini, Enrico Caruso's favorite. Definitely old school. My companion said the tiramisu was fantastic. Wine selection broad & reasonable. Service was friendly with genuine interaction. I won't go into the 100 year history of the business, makes a nice read.
Why do I rate this restaurant so high with only one visit? Atmosphere & uniqueness. At 20 minute intervals, one of the staff will take turns singing an aria. Turns out since 1979 when they hired a nearby student of music who would burst into singing regularly, they've hired their waitstaff from the same schooland it's been a tradition. Great young people, really talented voices, and lots of personality. If you want to impress a date, spouse or business contact with something unique, here it is.
Parking, you will have to hunt a bit in the neighborhood. The neighborhood itself is safe and busy.
One thing, they CLEARLY state on the menu that when one of the staff is singing, please don't talk. It's a performance, you came for that! Sadly some people feel the national secret on their mind just can't wait 2 minutes. Knock it off!Was quite intrigued by the concept of waiters breaking out in arias during service, so went with a friend one day. Cute space, not too crowded on a weeknight. Pesto was interesting...not your usual basil pesto...Ordered the vodka sauce penne, well balanced, full-flavored, al dente pasta. Friend had the seafood pasta, which was light and yummy (I'll be getting that next time!) And the arias were a nice bonus too!Absolutely amazing!! This is a must whenever you are in town. Delicious food,super talented singing waiters. The atmosphere is perfect. The 2nd floor is super cute with some awesome jazz. I totally fell in love with this place, can't say enough about how much I enjoyed my evening there. I will be back next visit back. Highly recommend!!Starting with the positives: the opera singing servers are legit opera singers. There was a very good mix of male and female singers (for some reason I was expecting older male singers, but everyone was young, which was very refreshing...until it wasn't...next paragraph). Like other reviewers have said, the food was amazing. Really fresh and delicious. The place has been there for almost 100 years, and the building has character. The upstairs lounge looked super romantic...
Unfortunately the negatives: the pictures and the profile on yelp make the place seem a lot more down to earth than it actually is. I brought my daughter and my grandmother thinking that they would love this place (our reservation was at 4:30...as soon as the dining room opened). No kids menu, which was fine. The bathrooms are at the top of a very steep stairwell. Not fine for grandmom. The staff (neither servers nor host staff) made us feel particularly welcome. This was especially highlighted when the 25 year old host asked me to "mind my daughter" as he sat a large party nearby...dude, she's sitting in my lap watching a video on mute. From that moment on, the magic of the place was gone for me. I now saw the charming opera divas as pretentious young (albeit talented) staff. But this is a restaurant -- ultimately these singers are working in the service industry. Call me old fashioned, but shouldn't the guests be treated like the star of the show?
Again, the food was really good. The singers were talented. But the service...Had dinner there last night. Horrible food, I was so surprised. Calamari was rubbery and the bread was hard. Our main course was disappointing, all the dishes had too much sauce. Will never go again! The singing was amazing!In two years the Victor Café will be celebrating 100 years! This is my second time there and I must say, it's possibly one of my favorite Italian places in Philly. The decor is charming with lots of black and white portraits on the wall and small tables with red and white checkered cloths. The place certainly gives you the sense that it's telling a story. I've also heard that scenes from Rocky were filmed here! 
The service is amazing! The staff has always been incredibly friendly and accommodating. We have gone there twice in a big group. It's great for small intimate dinners as well as ones with children and several families.
I love that they break out into opera! It's not excessive and it's simple and beautiful. After the light ringing of a bell, a server will explain what she or he is about to sing and what the song signifies. The talent is impressive. There's silence and then a burst of applause each time. Definitely a unique quality in a restaurant! 
The food is delicious. They start off with fresh bread and an olive oil and pesto concoction to dip it in. Their pesto is so refreshing and flavorful. I ordered a glass of Montepulciano and it paired well with everything. They also have a fully stocked bar and were able to make my friends custom cocktails. 
I've gotten the linguine and clams and the tortellini. The linguine and calms dish was perfect; the tortellini was very flavorful but I found there to be a little more oil than preferable. What I really appreciated is how they were able to convert a dish into a gluten-free option for my friend. 
For dessert, try their tiramisu! It's got an excellent texture and even better taste.
If you're in Philadelphia and want a unique dining experience, I'd certainly try this place!Came here as a group with reservations on a cold weekend night. The place wasn't full but I'm glad we made a reservation. The service was lovely. All the servers were kind, friendly and knowledgeable of the menu. After ordering, bread and pesto for the table was bought over. Even throughout the dinner, we never ran out of bread which was great. I got the veal entree which came with two veal patties over risotto and mushroom. I didn't expect the veal to be a patty, more of a veal steak. The dish was tasty but I wish there was more meat. Every 20 minutes, a server would perform a 2 minute opera piece which I love. This place is amazing and I would definitely come here again.So, I was watching an America's Got Talent video of a young girl singing opera in my son's apartment in Philadelphia when one of his roommates suggested that we might like Victor's Cafe...if we enjoyed opera. Frankly, I am not a true aficionado but it seemed like a great gimmick to be serenaded with live music whilst eating Italian...when in Philly do as the Philistines?!?(just a joke)...
Yes, the food was good...fresh, with great flavor...the cannelloni and arugula salad were very very good. My husband had the broccoli rabe and veal saltimbucco and was equally  happy. His rose was better then my chianti which was drier than I expected. 
But, what may have seemed like a gimmick actually is a wonderfully refreshing introduction to opera. Equally fascinating are the Staff (all who were very young the night that we were there). They are in love with their Art, and for them to be able to sing in front of an 'audience' who are very engaged in listening was so refreshing. No one was talking during the performances and if there was a crying baby, they were taken outside and the performers had enough aplomb to be able to ad lib...it was delightful to hear their personal stories about how their grandfathers had introduced them to music and had encouraged them to pursue their music studies. They all realize what a gamble they are taking in pursuing their Art...but they seem totally committed and willing to give it their best shot. 
They don't see working at Victor's as demeaning, in fact, to wait there, you have to pass a singing audition! What was really wonderful was if a soloist needed a response and out from behind the bar came a strong rich baritone. They all seemed totally supportive of each other which makes for a really nice environment to eat in.
May this never become a 'chain' as I think the intention behind this establishment can never really be duplicated! 
(My 5th star is being withheld because of parking availability, which is tough in Philadelphia; so I can't blame the restaurant but, it is a little difficult in a neighborhood with lots of families...One couldn't imagine this restaurant anywhere else...so, Uber may be one's best bet to get there.)A very special dining experience. I came with my roommates as our last meal before we would end up on different continents. We mentioned this on our Open Table reservation and we're so glad we did. As we were leaving, the waiters sang a trio song that means "safe travels." We were pleasantly surprised - actually, ecstatic. Not to mention the food was good and the service was very attentive. 
We ordered the Prince Edward Island mussels in white wine, linguine with clams in spicy marinara sauce, linguine with clams in white wine sauce, and Prince Igor penne with salmon and caviar. Since I'm lactose-intolerant I was able to replace vodka blush sauce in the Prince Igor with marinara sauce. The restaurant also has vegan and gluten-free and is flexible for your dietary needs.
For dessert we had the moscato custard and warm chocolate cake with gelato. The moscato custard had an unexpected foamy texture, and encompassed that sweet, characteristic moscato flavor. The warm chocolate cake was comparable to a lava cake. Also, at $34 per person after tax and tip, this special experience was priced quite reasonably. 
Be prepared for a relaxed and slow meal. We spent three hours here listening to the waiters sing arias and birthday songs. For one couple that was celebrating a wedding anniversary, Victor's has a tradition of playing an anniversary waltz song and inviting the couple to dance. So lovely and cute. 
The second floor is also a cozy jazz lounge with a bar. Also, the restaurant has been around for almost 100 years and one woman celebrating her 90th birthday hadn't been here since the 1940s. I'll definitely be back for special occasions with special people.Victor's Cafe is a wonderful experience. The food is excellent, the opera singing is heart warming and the owners have put their heart and soul in the cafe. All the help from the chef to the bus boys are kind with wonderful customer service. The prices of food and drink are extremely reasonable. The atmosphere if comfortable and pleasant. I love the second floor, it has a feeling of being in an inviting living room/ den area. This is by far my go to place in Philadelphia.I ate here with a large group for a work dinner. Drink service was a little slow to start, but the speed of our courses picked up as we ordered. Do not miss dessert!
By now you've probably read over the concept of The Victor Cafe. The singing is INCREDIBLE. Our waitress was phenomenal. The performances can be a little overwhelming because of the nature of opera, however it was truly amazing to be dining amongst such talent. 
The food was very nice as well. I always try calamari wherever I go and Victor Cafe's was nice and not too heavy. The red sauce it was served with had a nice kick as well. For dinner I had a Seafood Rissoto. It came with an unnecessary large portion of rice, but I greatly appreciated the large heaps of fish and protein. 
DO NOT OVER EAT HERE. YOU MUST HAVE DESSERT. The lemon sorbet is phenomenal. I am much more of a chocolate/caramel dessert eater, but this fruit inspired dessert was so refreshing. The canoli and bread pudding were also heavenly. 
Thank you for seating us at the table where some Rocky shots were filmed, Victor Cafe!I had dinner there this past weekend for the first time and all I can say is WOW! The food was your typical Italian food but the singing wait staff make it quite the experience. I would definitely go there again. In fact we are going there again this weekend to celebrate my brother's wedding anniversary. Make sure you try their mussels they are truly outstanding.This was an amazing experience, this restaurant was turn into Adrian's Restaurant in Rocky Balboa and in Creed and the atmosphere is wild. Best Italian food I have ever had plus all the waiters and waitresses sing opera at any moment they take turns to sing and describe the song and what it is about. Too bad they dont let you record due to copy rights which is understandable. A copy of the famous Rocky vs Apollo Creed painting is displayed in the same location from the film. Make sure to also check out the saloon upstairs where more pictures of the film are display plus sign by Stallone himself.I don't know if it was the checkered table cloths, the stellar opera singing, the delicious food, or the courteous staff, but this restaurant won me over. Possibly the best Italian restaurant experience as a whole. I recommend the ravioli and tiramisu!HANDS DOWN ONE OF THE TOP RESTAURANT EXPERIENCES EVER!!!! on vaca from SF Bay looking for an Italian place to make meat eater & non happy, lucked out when I called for rezzie in that a table had just opened up.  
As we are ubering there Im getting a little nervous.... as it is slightly off the beaten trail - thought my foodie brood might have off with my head if this place didn't measure up to the phenomenal Philly standard.
Alas, it was all for not!
The food is excellent even  independent of the atmosphere- that said as I was eating the HANDMADE crab ravioli in decadent creamy sauce (split for table as one of our appetizers) as the first performance began.... and it was magical.  
I actually described the experience to my bro later on as "transcendental" (only half joking) because the combination of incredible A1 service, historical authentic ambiance, and heavenly voices along with the ravioli transported me into a new frontier!!!
Sensory overload in the BEST way .... I actually was so moved (mostly from the aria) that my eyes started welling-up and by the end of the song and appetizer I was actually crying .... a happy emo cry!  
See? Transcendental! (And I am not even a hippy! Lol)
THIS RESTAURANT IS A BUCKET LIST MUST!!What I did not like and was not prepared for because I never heard anything about this place, is that every 5 minutes another waiter sings opera...........not a place to go if you hate opera like me so I cannot return because of that.  The place is very small, but the food was great.  Also, the decor is nice in that it has a lot of pictures of celebrities on the walls............AND, if you look up on a ledge, you will see a big statue of Victor, the RCA dog.I have to say this have to be one of my favorite restaurants to visit.  The food is delicious, the staff is nice and they sing Opera every 15 minutes.  I highly suggest that you visit them for dinner.Overall, a great place for a meal.  
Decor is dated and the dining room is cramped, but the food is pretty good.  Depending on the dish, the food varies between good and excellent.  
However, the primary reason you go to Victor Cafe for the wait staff.  The singers are amazing.  It's quite an experience to have your waiter belting out Pagliacci between courses.A good place to enjoy dinner. Staff is great and the waiter staff all sang during dinner. The Italian food is ok, but you can do better elsewhere in Phila., thus the 3 stars overall. Valet parking is a plus since parking nearby can be a challenge.  Finally the wine list is good, with nice values in their reds. Not a huge selection, but something for every one.Excellent food at shockingly reasonable prices! Love the music too.  My wife and I had heard about the famous Victor Cafe for years.  When we finally made a trip into the city for a night out we had to try Victor Cafe.  The reviews are true, the place is a lot of fun and the opera singing is very good.  Honestly, we were expecting much higher prices, so we were very pleased at our bill that came to $60 for the two of us.I went here for coffee and dessert.  What I got was an emotional experience.  Before this encounter, I would not have said I was a fan of opera.  My companion excitedly sat me down and raised an eyebrow because he knew what was about to happen.  The wait-staff (who are excellent servers) take turns singing- and boy, are they amazing.  Powerful, instrumental voices that, heard in such close proximity, reach directly into your person.   I was moved- deeply. 
The walls of the 1st floor are packed with photos of opera singers.  Your eyes will not be bored.  
As we were leaving, my companion insisted that I sneak a peek at the 2nd level.  I obliged not believing it could get any better but- it did.  There is a raw brick wall leading up the stairs and when you turn to look at the room, you quickly understand it was designed to take you to another place in time.   It's dimly lit with well thought out lighting and layers upon layers of crimson and carpeting. I felt like I had entered into a Sherlock Holmes setting.  
I was elated as I walked out the door.Incredible!-from the food to the music, to the cozy seating and atmosphere. The restaurant is as small as it appears on the website pictures, so its very warm and inviting once inside. Pictures of opera singers (and others?) from years past adorn the wall all around. The waitstaff was nice and accommodating, and were great singers to boot. We heard 4 of them sing over a 2 hour meal. The two of us had appetizers, drinks, entrees and dessert, all for $100-a bargain for the high quality of food and the entertainment.  Besides the food being incredible, the portions were not small at all-we had trouble stuffing in those last bites and even had to take some home! Valet parking is available for $10, but we quickly found a spot about a block away on the street. Dress appeared to be casual, but some were dressed up with jackets or suits. Although a romantic place for two, they were also half filled with families that had babies or childern-neither one a negative for us. A great spot for a special occasion, guests from out of town, or just dessert. Very highly recommended!! We'll be going back soon.This was a very pleasant surprise! I had two visitors from Russia here for a business dinner. Our interpreter actually suggested this restaurant.  The atmosphere and decor is fabulous. The food was exceptional. Authentic italian. Wait staff was superb, not only was the service was excellent,  but more importantly, the wait staff were all opera singers. A pleasant surprise.  Needless to say, our visitors,  though they did not speak a word of English, they were most impressed and very appreciative. HIGHLY RECOMMEND! Only bad part, and it has nothing to do with the restaurant itself...is the parking.  There is no parking.  Typical city street, HOWEVER, the restaurant does provide the option for valet parking. Go here, it's simply perfect!!Dinner + entertainment = AMAZING
Been here twice already and I am definitely returning. The atmosphere is traditional and warm.
The severs are so great. Very attentive and professional. As soon as I walked through the door I was greeted with a big smile. Janellie (sorry if I spelled her name wrong) was very friendly and she made sure we got to hear her sing. She was very knowledgable about the menu and able to answer all the questions we asked.
Food is delicious. Classic Italian food that taste great. I got the mussel twice already and the seafood taste fresh. Portion size are larger then I wanted but the leftover are great for the next day. The Panna cotta is to die for. Very rich and smooth.My grandmother used to go to Victor's in the 40s, and taking her back to reminisce was a treat.  I just wish I could say the same about the food.
I've been to Victor's twice now.  The first time, the food was an afterthought--we were there to enjoy the decor, atmosphere, and of course the singing!  It was lots of fun and I didn't think too much about the food. But the second time, the atmosphere just couldn't make up for the bad food and (unfortunately) equally bad service.  I must say our waitress, though lovely, should have stuck to singing.  She forgot to bring bread, never took our menus away (they sat on the table throughout the entire meal), took 10 minutes to bring our drink order, and forgot one of the drinks.  I can't fault her for the slow service since that's probably the kitchen, but yeah, it was slow.  As a vegetarian, I had two options: mushroom ravioli (no can do, allergic to mushrooms), or plain old penne with tomatoes, cheese, and parsley/basil.  The penne was...just OK.  Nobody really enjoyed their dinner all that much, and my mom actually stopped eating halfway through because her tilapia was nasty.  I will say that the dessert saved the evening though.  Tiramisu was good, pistacio creme brulee was excellent.
Don't go here if you're just hungry--go for the experience and the atmosphere.DiStefano's Victor Cafe brings a whole new meaning to singing for your supper! Wow, I had no clue when we walked in, but the wait staff are all opera students! 
The same bus girl that brought us our hot, crusty and might I add, very delicious bread, sang for us, well not just us, but I had my back turned to her and I said to the hubs, very fitting to have great opera music on a sound track while dining in an Italian restaurant. Hubs said, turn around, the girl that brought us bread is doing the singing! I was so impressed.
I was beyond wowed and commented to our server that she was outstanding and what a great concept, he laughed and said, yes, we all do it, it's a lot of fun, you have to check this place out! When the singing bus girl came back to our table, I was half afraid to ask for more bread, what a star!
Okay, moving on, when you first walk in there is a steep flight of stairs to the right, hello, restrooms and a very cozy lounge are up there, I found it amusing to have a phone on the wall in the restroom, but hey, this place is different, indeed. To the right of walking in is a small bar and bread station, then the restaurant really opens up with multiple dining rooms, they made great use of the space.
The Victor Cafe is a long standing and famed Italian restaurant, with pictures of generations of the DiStefano's adorning the walls, along with numerous famous celebrities. The shelves hold old Victor boxes and of course the RCA pup. 
Onto the food, Michael had the Tortelloni Bellini which were filled with beef, veal and pork and in a cognac cream sauce with peas, tomatoes, prosciutto and parmesan cheese, he devoured this dish and lapped up all of the sauce with their wonderful bread.
I was torn between the porcini mushroom stuffed raviolis in a gorganzola cream sauce with pine nuts and diced tomatoes or the chicken parmesan with linguini, so I asked my server to choose and he said his favorite was the chicken parm, so I said good enough. It was a huge portion and very delicious, I now need to return to try the mushroom ravioli dish.
The place is vibrant, a whole lot of fun, great food and I almost felt like I was back in Italy! One note, refills on sodas are a full extra charge.Ate at Victors for probably about the 30th time in the last several years.  I have not been dissapointed once.  NOT ONCE.  I expect a restaurant to fail at least once every 10 times. Not Victors.
Anyway, on this trip I had the pork chop stuffed with proscutte and cheese with marsala sauce.  Excellent!  They actually cook the pork chop to the tempetaure you like it.  They dont just over cook it and serve you a dried out pork chop.  The chop was over broccoli rabe which was also excellent.  My gf had veal marsella which was also excellent.  One downside is most meals come with your main plus just a vegetable or potato. No soup or salad, so ordering does bring the price up another notch.  Cocktails will run you $10 a glass.  I would suggest holding off ordering cocktails based on the price.
The service is always great, and you will also love the entertainment of opera singers that perform about every 15 mins.
I highly reccomend everyone try this restaurant.  The food is excellent, and the prices are ok for quality/quanity.  You wont leave hungary but very satisfied.Such a special place. Each waiter or waitress possesses extraordinary singing talent, and something about watching a person transform from friendly waiter to opera star while enjoying an absolutely delicious pasta and red wine keeps us coming again and again. Even our kids are transfixed once the singing starts. Love it here!We recently had a party of 9. Really liked the atmosphere, all staff is very nice, and when they sing - amazing. But the food was disappointing. I had linguine with clams, which was not nice. I'm a big fan of Italian cuisine, so I know how thinks are supposed to be made. The pasta itself was overcooked, I had very few clams (have of them were empty) and who adds dill into an Italian pasta?! 
My boyfriend asked for a ny strip steak, he asked to make it medium, but it was medium well. Didn't ask to change it, because he was very hungry.
Also, one of us got Pomodoro Basilico, which didn't look appealing at all, and isn't authentic too.
Wouldn't come back again.So as many of you know I am VERYYYYYYYY picky. So with that being said...Went to Victor Cafe last night for what was an AMAZING night of drinking, singing & melt in your mouth great Italian food!!! My server was the best singer & the best server of the night. His smile made me feel so welcomed. So romantic & just an all around good time place! From beginning to end the friendliest staff! Loved it! I can't wait to go backThis is a golden nugget in Philadelphia! I will never slave in the kitchen for days again before Thanksgiving! The Thanksgiving special was outstanding. A steal for the quality of food, generous portions, full of flavor and was a true blessing. The special music by absolute professional opera singers filled my heart!
Amazing! So much to be thankful for- The Victor Cafe!!!!Awesome environment and great staff (not only because they are tremendous opera singers). The food was great and the homemade pasta is delicious.
It's not 5 starts to me because the desserts is not on the same level as the restaurant itself. We asked a petit gateau which was disappointing.My wife and I had not been to Victor for more than 21 years, before we were married. We have lived in DC for the last 16 years. We went to celebrate our 21st anniversary and our visit exceeded our expectations. We knew that the staff all sang opera (or in one case a selection from My Fair Lady), and they were all terrific. Our server, whose name I don't have in front of me (but who comes from Havertown and went to Temple University) was terrific. She was attentive but not intrusive and genuinely seemed to enjoy making our visit memorable. The icing on the cake was our dessert that we ordered, an awesome zambaglione, she topped with a candle, called the room's attention to our anniversary, and played an Al Jolson waltz, inviting us to take the floor, which we did. 
My experience with Victor both past and present as to cuisine is mixed. My wife had a seafood picante which she really liked. We enjoyed an excellent Italian wine, wonderful caprese, and the incredible dessert. My veal picante had a bit less flavor than I would have liked but was still very good. Another nice touch was lots of Italian bread with the requisite oil with basil for dipping, but also butter for the oddballs like me who prefer it.
All in all it was a very memorable evening, thanks to our wonderful server and the overall ambience. We look forward to returning. Another note is that prices were reasonable. Most entrees were in the low $20's and even the best steak was only about $36. We appreciated the specials, which included our dessert. This is a wonderful place to let your thoughts wander across the sea to Italy, to enjoy your meal slowly in the Italian way, and if you just happen to go on your anniversary, drop a hint and enjoy an anniversary waltz.Went out for a date night and this is where my girlfriend took me. We had great wine and great food! The opera singers were wonderful and the service was top notch!A wonderful dining and atmospheric experience. A talented service staff interrupting service for some live operatic singing. The food was all perfect except for some leather tough veal in the  very tasty saltimbocca. The lamb  Bolognese was perfect. Appetizers  of oyster Rockefeller and clams casino were some of the best ever. Two different and very creative salads were a delight. The bread was fresh and hit the spot. Cappuccino and lemon ice made for a great finish.A great night of food and singing.  If you don't want to do the same old Italian restaurant please call and  run.  Took my mom for a lovely tablecloth dinning experience with  the wait staff singing opera.  The food was great and every 20 minutes they would sing.  It was a fun night for all ages. Would definitely  go again for the food and singing.took my wife for her birthday and i was amazed. excellent food. the singing was very charming. everyone was friendly. i would go again! could be a little bit less expensive.We came here for Easter dinner, and it was a treat. The food is traditional Italian fare. The ambience is very special, however. The singing waiters are all trained opera singers, and each one sings an aria at intervals of roughly 15 minutes. The building is full of historic memorabilia, and it is a unique experience. The bread with herbed oil was addictive. We all enjoyed our entrees, and my husbands Oysters Rockefeller were rich and delicious. I loved my sides of roasted Brussel sprouts with pancetta, and pears with prosciutto. 
This restaurant is a must for opera lovers.If you plan to marry the girl...
I've been to the Victor Cafe a total of 6 times. I brought my "now wife" for our first date. I'll cover the basics that most others do but in short: 
1.) Food (Between 4-5 stars). 
2.) Price: High but that is expected 
Now the verbose part of the review. 
The service is one of the best I've ever witnessed. As you probably know ALL of the servers are also Opera singers. About every 10 - 15 minutes 1 or 2 will break into song. During this time everyone puts their fork down and listens. 
There is some intimate connection that is made when you see your server up their singing their heart out. After you hear them sing you almost feel as if you have a special "Back Stage Pass" when they come to make sure you food is to your liking. 
To clear up some assumptions. I am a typical 31yo male American. My music tastes are Pearl Jam, Weezer, Red Hot Chili Peppers and AC/DC. This should quell any notion that I am a Puccini Aficionado or prefer my arias sung in "E".
The finale of High Regards for this place is simple. I am a nervous person. Taking the most beautiful woman you've ever had a "shot" with on a date is "sweat-inducing". Attempting to make yourself look interesting through constant discussion for 1.5 hours is inevitable to fail... 
... but when you have a 5 minute mandatory silence break every 15 minutes it gives you the opportunity to regroup, re-assess and attack! 
I've been married for 3 years and she is still impressed. :)Took my boyfriend here for his birthday dinner on a Thurs. night and loved it.  We were the youngest table in the place (as you could expect), surrounded by people who seemed to recognize every aria/song performed.  Even if you don't know your opera/musical theater, you can appreciate the unique experience of suspending your dinner conversation every 20 minutes to hear someone belt out a song with high emotion in close range.  A very unreal, intimate experience.  Food was excellent (I had calamari and veal piccata).I've been hearing from friends how we need to check this place out, but had not had the chance until last night.  We have a newborn and Grandma had come to town to lend a hand and her birthday coincided with her visit.  To celebrate we wanted to get her a nice Italian meal with shrimp (her favorite seafood), but obviously are not able to go out to dinner with a newborn.  Victor Cafe was so unbelievably accommodating despite the fact that they rarely do takeout.   They were not only able to accommodate our request to make her shrimp and scallops over linguine despite the fact that it wasn't on the menu that day but also were nice enough to give us complimentary cannolis to celebrate the occasion.  All of the food we ordered was incredibly delicious and we were so thankful for the level of service provided - they definitely have repeat customers in us!This restaurant is the whole package and is truly one of its kind in Philly. Talented  servers, good food and their dessert is great! I can't wait to come here for my birthday!Not too bad. I really enjoy the opera that is sung every fifteen minutes or so. This is a great family restaurant in the heart of the dying but still prevalent Italian community of restaurants below South Street and above Snyder Avenue. The food was relatively inexpensive considering we had a Groupon that would have usually made the meal around $55 but it came to be $25 with a very generous tip.
I doubt I'd come back here without a Groupon, but it was a nice experience in one of Philly's most iconic and unique dining establishments.
The specials tend to be the freshest, by the way. I ordered a Diavolo upon recommendation of several Yelp reviews, but this failed to make me enjoy my meal as much as my counterpart's order of one of the specials.
Oh and PS: The wine here is very bad. Save yourself the trouble.I've been going to this place for years and absolutely love it! If you arrive ahead of time, be sure to check out the upstairs- it's a pretty cool spot to chat and have a drink. As far as the meal, I highly recommend the cannelloni with a pink/vodka sauce. You can't go wrong with it! The service is excellent as well! They also sing opera about every 15 minutes which is quite unique and enjoyable. Be sure to check it out!This is a very nice special occasion place to take groups and loved ones.  We started in the lounge upstairs which had a nice relaxed ambiance with jazz music playing in the background.  The French martini was very nice.  We were seated in a nice spot in the main area of the restaurant.  We ordered the cream asparagus soup, mussels, Rockefeller oysters, whole fish entree and the special of the night - rack of lamb.  The portions of everything were rather large, including the appetizers.  All of our dishes were cooked nicely and well prepared.  Our server, Steven, was extremely attentive and interested in how our experience was through every course.  We loved the live music even though it was hard to keep a conversation going at times.  We would like to come again for another special event.I always wanted to go here then..........we did.....I didn't know what to expect and didn't want to get involved in the hype.....we walk in and are greeted by the hostess.....we get seated immediately....... the bread arrives and it's ok.......our waiter introduces himself.......then the opera breaks out......very very outstanding.......the waiter answers our questions and we ordered......our food was very good and the ambiance is awesome.......the opera broke out again and again as well as serenading the birthday people.....this was a very nice treat..... then we went upstairs....I would recommend to everyone go before or after dinner......it is very nice and romantic.......overall very well done......it f you want to try something totally different here it is.........we will be back.We have been visiting this jewel since 1989 and have been consistently pleased with the food and always thrilled by the music.   They have upgraded the menu in recent years to include more contemporary Italian dishes in addition to the workhorses of any South Philly Italian eatery.   Standouts include the beautiful burrata with roasted peppers and tostinos.  The portion was large enough to share and the burrata will entirely transform your perspective on fresh mozzarella.   The Clams Casino and Caesar Salads were gobbled up by the table and proclaimed quite excellent.   Our entrees included calamari in fra diavolo sauce over linguine, which had perfectly poached calamari in a well-balanced and not-too-hot sauce and shrimp scampi (our dining companion all but picked up the plate to lick it),
The highlight of the evening, of course, was the opera.  On a typical night, the singers would perform perhaps every 15 minutes but during our most recent visit, they sang every 10 minutes (or less).   There was not a weak performance all night, and we were riveted during each.   The world has too few places to visit where both your soul and stomach receive sustenance, and this is one of them.  Do go even if you are not an opera fan.  We have taken a long series of Rock n Roll fans there and each left as an opera fan, too.Great food, friendly service and wonderful operatic interludes by the waitstaff. There's much to like at Victor Cafe. We had a great time an will definitely go again.WOW!! Ate here on Monday 6/11. Food was very good. Service and entertainment was awesome. 
You must go here.A trip to Victor's cafe should not be done on a whim as it is not your ordinary Italian restaurant.  It is essentially a dinner+show type of experience.  If you can't tell by now, all the waiters are opera singers and really will halt your dining experience every 15min to sing.  And it's not just not just background noise, their performances demand (and deserve) your full attention.  If you try to carry on your conversation through the performance, people WILL glare at you.  As they should, because like I said, one does not simply go to Victor's Cafe and interrupt the waiters.
Food is great, entertainment is great, decor is warm and inviting.  The waiters are not just fantastic singers, but provide excellent and friendly service.  Really this is a great 1st date idea, since a breakout performance of Ava Maria could be just what you need to break an awkward silence.Just had Christmas Eve, Italian seven fishes!! Supperb! The singers/wait staff are amazing.Great place to go for a special one-of-a-kind Philadelphia experience.  The food is outstanding, generous portions, great value. Hands down, though, are the incredible performances by the waitstaff.  Everyone was so friendly and accomodating. Just can't say enough good things about our evening.Victor Cafe is an institution. It's one of the most unique restaurants in Philadelphia and there probably won't ever be anything exactly like it. The closest thing that I can compare it to are the Fado bars of Lisbon, Portugal. The food is quite decent as well. The Tiramisu specifically.An opera experience within a classic, historic Italian restaurant? Sign me up.
If you're looking this place up, you've probably heard somewhere about this unique spot where all the waitresses and waiters are indeed all opera singers, who break into opera mode every 20 minutes while you dine. I was delighted to hear (pun not intended) this place existed in Philly, and had to give it a try.
Although I knew I'd be pleased with the music (I'm not snooty about my opera so I wasn't concerned about the quality - although in my opinion, all the performances were enjoyable in varying degrees), I was skeptical about the quality of the Italian food I'd be getting at a spot that featured opera. But I was pleasantly surprised! The portion sizes were generous, flavors robust, and prices reasonable (especially with the show included). 
I'd definitely recommend this for a first-timer, and bringing guests that are into music or live performances.This place is amazing! I've always known the place for great Italian food was in South Philly, so I knew the food would be good. I didn't know what to expect with the singing waiters, and the fact it was in the Rocky Balboa movie, but I was so pleasantly surprised and delighted. My boyfriend and I dined here for our Valentine's Day dinner (a day early), and everything from beginning to end was memorable. Nothing was ever cheesy. In fact, the last song we heard actually made me cry. I've never attended the opera, but this small taste of it was so breathtaking and romantic. 
The food was equally great. We shared clams casino and the antipasto platter--both delicious. The clams weren't drowning in oil, and they were perfectly cooked. I had the linguine with calamari fra diavolo--it was spicy and flavorful and tender and just the right amount. He had a filet, also cooked to perfection. The wine prices were affordable, and the cannoli was the perfect ending. 
As the host poured our wine, she informed us we were sitting beneath a photo of her great-grandparents wedding. All the more magical. My only negative is that the comfortable, cushy lounge upstairs was not open--but we will definitely be back.
Great job! We loved it!!! Thanks so much!Awesome incredible magical - the singers are outstanding. The food is fantastic. The ambiance is pure romance. 100% recommend itAll over the world and years later.... Im still raving about this.. always hoping to run into some from PHL so I can talk about once more.
For reasons of comparison let me state that when I put this in my top 5 all time dining experiences this includes on top of snowy mountains where i was driving up in a CAT; eating in the basement, partially submerged tower in the middle of the Bosporus dividing asia and europe - the one from the james bond movie, and in a tiny ole working farm in serbian country side where i petted dinner just an hour before... so seriously this place rocks..
i love the fact that the wood floors always the place to become completely still when they ring the tiny bell, which sits on the floor.. at the sound of the bell and all become still.. a voice of an angel comes out singing an aria or american standar.. simply acoustic, simplly amazing.
sometimes before the singing, our staff (opera singers between gigs.. for real) would tell us the emotional story leading up to the song they were about to sing... took my breath away
the food does not suffer either.. i am italian, been to italy, and live in the italian section boston... my osco bucco was dead on.. cheese on my salad shaved pefectly and my dessert incredible... 
the swanky (secret) lounge upstairs is incredible romatic and i swear they pump phermones in there...
the owner, who, like myself enjoys the drink was great.. comped up wine and we even stayed beyond close for some special cognacs..
you feel like a movie star in this charming place which goes back to the days of Victor records... yes it comes together now..
I drank this place up with all my sense....
sh-h-h-h dont tell those who would not appreciate it, about this place.I'm impressed with this restaurant, not only because of their delicious Italian food, but because of their ambiance and their staff as well. 
If you haven't read already, their servers are professional opera singers.  They are chock full of talent that truly touches you while you're listening.  I highly enjoy that they sing about every 15 minutes since it gives you time to eat and talk about how awesome their performances are.  Some of them put a bit more passion into their performance, but they all have beautiful voices.  
As for their food, it's a solid 4 stars for me.  I'm not big into the style, but they do deliver.  I especially liked the Prince Igor, which is a pasta dish with salmon, asparagus, and caviar in a vodka sauce.  I could get that every time I come.  They also have some nice cocktails and a full wine list for you to try.I am not a huge fan of opera, but I have to say that Victor's Cafe does things right.  The opera is an interesting side to quality food.  They sing enough to be pleasant and not annoying.  I do wish more of the songs were in English but minor complaint.  The food was solid, and the pace of the meal was good.  I did not like the dessert though so I would skip that.  The other complaint is that it is not real easy to park but they do have a valet to use if you can find them.  Price wise, it is a bit on the pricey side.  It is a nice place, and if you are a fan of the movie Rocky, this restaurant was used in a couple of the movies as the place Rocky owned, Adrienne's, so that is a cool little side note.  Overall, I think the Victor's Cafe is a cool experience and worth going if you have not been, but I am not sure it is the type of place I would go to all the time.  Definitely worth checking out, and if you are a big opera fan, I would imagine you would become a regular!What a great spot.  Everything was memorable including service food and of course singing.  I've lived in the Philly area 30 years and just dined here last night- wish I had not waited so long.  Highly recommended and a great birthday celebration spot.Well I just can't say enough about this special gem.  I live in Chicago but have been to the restaurant a couple of times.  Last night was the best.  Our server Sue had the nicest smile, the most gorgeous voice and the kindest demeanor.  We were hosting our Aunt and Uncle from another country for their anniversary.  The language barrier has caused us some problems in other restaurants--but not here.  Everyone was kind, patient and treated my guests like VIP's.  For that I am extremely grateful.
Obviously the draw is for the singers, but the food is quite good too.  I strongly encourage fellow yelpers to visit for a special occasion, Family events were all around us--even on a Monday night.  And folks of a "certain generation" certainly appreciate the charm of the place.This place is great. I picked it based on the reviews here (wanting to inject some culture into the lives of my boyfriend and his college roomate) and found the one about the guy who likes Pearl Jam to be very helpful.
First I need to talk about the service I received before we even got there. I called on a Friday night for reservations for Saturday at 600pm. The man who answered the phone said they were booked but wasn't hanging up the phone on me. He asked for my number and said he'd call back if he could move some tables around to make room for us. I didn't think I'd here back. While at the Philadelphia Museum of Art, we got a phone call asking if 530 was okay instead of 6. We took it and it ended up working better in our itinerary anyway.
We had to drive around a bit for parking (I now can joke about trying to park in Philly - Golosa, too!). Once we got there the waitstaff was so quick and friendly. The wine came quick - which in my book means the place is alright - and the food came quickly as well. Our dishes were lasagna, chicken parm and a sea food special with risotto. Everyone loved their meals.
Finally, the best part. How can you argue with great food and free entertainment? The waiters singing opera were amazing. I was very pleased that we were able to see and hear our own waiter up there before we left.
I highly recommend this restaurant. Victor's is classy, kitschy, delicious and fun - even for guys who think the opera is for boring snobs. I would have given them four stars for the terrible parking and awkward neighborhood but the whole experience of the place was too amazing to give it any less than five.
ONE TIP: Make your reservation as early as possible!This place is amazing. The food is good but go for the wait staff. Their voices are amazing and it's so decadent to have them perform while sitting there drinking wine and eating dessert. I felt like I should be waiting on their staff as they are the stars. What an amazing experience.We walked in to Victor Cafe spontaneously. Originally we wanted to eat at somewhere but the place closed unexpectedly that day. Passed by Victor and I just decided to check it out since I have bookmarked the place a while ago but never had a chance to. Long story short, I had an amazing dining experience. Regardless of how much I love how all of the waiters and waitresses' angelic voice, I wish they could have had toned it down a little bit. I dont mind my conversation be interrupted once in a while but every 15 mins is a little bit too much of a distraction. 
The food is great, I have never seen any Philly restaurant offered whole chicken liver linguine. It was definitely the highlight of the night. I love it, I figure some wont because it can be a bit intimidating eating whole chicken livers.The Victor Cafe is one of the most unique dining experiences I've ever had. The combination of delicious Italian food and live Opera make for a wonderful night out. 
If you're a newbie here the staff/singers will give you the run down on how everything works. But if you want to seem like a regular, here it is: The entire staff are opera singers. Every 20 to 30 minutes one of the staff members will ring a bell, give a short background, then sing a beautiful opera song. Since they are part of a union you are not allowed to take pictures, videos, or audio recordings- put your snap chat down and enjoy the music! 
For dinner I ordered the Ravioli which was amazing. A plate full of mushroom stuffed ravioli's came out piping hot in a Gorgonzola cream topped with mushrooms and tomatoes. Mushroom ravioli's are a personal favorite of mine, and these are by far the best I've had. 
For dessert I shared the warm chocolate lava cake which was the perfect way to finish off a delicious dinner. The warm cake was filled with a warm chocolate sauce and served with a side of vanilla ice cream.My wife and two friends of ours went last Friday night for dinner. I knew the history of The Victor Cafe and the singing but other then that not much else. What a wonderful experience this was.
First and Foremost, the ambiance is great. The restaurant is tight but cozy. The walls are covered with Opera singer greats from the past and present. When it came down to the service, it was top notch. Once we walked in, we were greeted with a smile and immediately taken to our table. 
Once at our table the service didn't end there. Our server Toffer explained the menu well and was very attentive. The man also has some pipes on him but I will get to that later!
Our meal was excellent. I had the meat Tortilini with a cup of claim chowder. My wife had a vodka Penni, which she said was excellent. Our friends had the salmon special of the night, with they said was very enjoyable. In addition we had two nice bottles of wine. 
The highlight of the night was of course the entertainment. Every 20 minutes or so, one of the servers would ring a bell and explain a song they were about to sing. Theses guys and gals were extremely talented. What impressed me even more was they're ability to juggle all the server duties on top of they're singing acts. You can tell everybody works very well together. They truly are a well oiled machine.  
I must say, this was one of the best dining experiences I have ever had in Philadelphia. I'm very upset with myself that it has taken 6 years to make it out to the Victor but I'm so happy we finally did and that we have this gem in this city. If you plan on going, make sure you can dedicate the night . Plan on being there for a few hours, and enjoy the show!i absolutely adore this place.  The food, service, singing and ambiance is absolutely magnificent! i would definitely recommend this place and return.Food was fantastic, service fantastic! I will definitely be back. Wonderful atmosphere! Opera breathtaking. Just a wonderful evening!So I came out to NYC for a wedding and decided to take a quick day trip to Philadelphia. 
Being a huge ROCKY fan I made sure to go back to enjoy the air and the motivation one gets by watching everyone run up the stairs and enjoy checking out the Rocky statue. 
Naturally, every time I get to come out to Philly I always to discover something interesting with regards to the ROCKY franchise. During my research on what I could do during my quick trip from NYC I saw that this place existed. I didn't even know it was a real restaurant- so I was very excited to check it out. All I knew was that it had been where Rocky had made the "Adrians" restaurant and that it was Italian food. 2 of my favorite things! I sad yes! 
I booked my reservation and asked in my reservation notes If I could sit next to the Rocky mural they have in the back. I can't lie, I was being a total ROCKY nerd and was ridiculously excited to eat here. 
When my friend and I arrived, we were seated pretty darn close to the mural- unfortunately they had to move me a bit because a party of 6 came in. To my surprised, the server Marisa (Not sure if that's how it's spelled- ) asked me if I had ever been there- I answered no and she gave me information on the restaurant. With tons of frames on the walls she explained that ever 20 min or so a bell would ring and one of the servers would start singing. They were trained to sing opera. We were like wow! That is awesome!  Then she went on to explain that the pictures you see on the walls were that of singers and some composers. I learned this place was called the The "Music Lovers rendezvous". With all the beautiful melodies that were coming out of the servers I can see why. It was such an intimate, cute little RESTAURANT was so happy to have found it. 
On to the food- 
The bread they give you with their own pesto oil bowl is so good! 
I ordered the ravioli and my friend ordered a pork chop. BOTH DELICIOUSLY good! I had not one complaint about the food- it was flavorful and filling. 
We also ordered desert- I ordered one of my favorites - Creme brulee and my friend ordered the tiramisu- BOTH divine! My friend had never tried creme brulee- so good luck finding one as good in NYC.  :) 
The service was great, everyone was so polite, the moment we walked in we were treated exceptionally well. 
Towards the end of my visit I was talking to Marisa telling her I was from California and what I was doing there. She was like OMG you have to go upstairs to see some of the Rocky stuff we still have. My eyes lit up like a child I am sure. So I thanked her again for a great dinner- went up stairs and found some awesome ROCKY memorabilia. 
Overall this place definitely impressed me, with their surprise beautiful singing, to their friendly staff, their delicious food and perfect way to indulge this ROCKY lover. 
Thank you again staff from Victor cafe and Marisa for letting me experience some awesome music and great food! 
You guys rock! If this review is not enough for you to try this place- I don't know what to tell you.. you don't deserve to try it.. LOL
Happy yelping my friends!   :)This place is FANTASTIC.
I have to be completely honest about my original draw to this restaurant. My mother loves Rocky Balboa, so I took to a Google search to find out where "Adrian's Restaurant" was located in the city. I scoped out the website and saw that it seemed like an inviting, South Philly Italian restaurant. We had been to Ralph's and a few others in the city but nothing really blew us away.
We called at about 6PM on a Saturday night, and the two of us were able to get a 7:30 reservation-- not without a quick moment of speculation. So if you're planning on a visit, especially with anymore than two people, call ahead.
The place appears very quaint from the typical South Philly street on Dickinson. Once inside, the place was thriving: the wait staff criss-crossed the restaurant, preparing tables and serving the other patrons, a mild-mannered round young man bellowing out some famous aria I couldn't identify, the owners (or management?) were answering a phone that seemingly rang every other minute. Following the performance we were promptly seated and given menus and the specials by are server Jason.
If there were one complaint, it would be that the wait staff is apparently responsible for every function of the restaurant outside of the kitchen. You will see these guys clean and prep tables, serve food, sing, get nagged by customers for photos, and I counted no less than four happy birthday promenades, complete with four-part harmony.
The food was fantastic. If you're ordering a salad, two can split one--  though I had no problem housing my baby arugula salad by myself. The salad was the best I have ever eaten. Perfectly aged balsamic vinegar, a nice Italian cheese that I cant remember, sliced pears, walnuts- truly a perfect match. The penne dish was tasty, adorned with tender chicken, tomatoes, parsley and mozzarella. I could see where some may be critical of this dish, however I felt it was perfectly balanced and filling. My mother had the scallops and shrimp pasta dish. The scallops were perfectly tender, not at all chewy nor over-cooked.
The ambiance of this place is truly what makes it. You can really feel the "living history" the moment you set foot inside. The owners told us of the history of the property, which takes its name from its opening in 1918 as a RCA Victor record store. The place would make a great date to really impress. I plan on bringing my girlfriend to see this place. Upstairs is a cozy bar you can slip away to after your meal.
All in all, a great place. I will be back.I love this place mainly for the opera. These performers are very talented and love their craft. I find the restaurant very charming and the staff very accommodating. The upstairs room is beautiful and under utilized. The food is good not great but this place is about the experience , unique to victor and south phillyOne of Phillies  oldest Italian restaurants, ask your server about the history of the building and be sure to peruse the photos ling the walls. I had the pasta rustic, sauce, meatball and brichole over pasta. My wife had chicken piccata over pasta. Opera is sung by the wait staff who ware mostly from local colleges, enjoyable and a different experience!3 at best for the food, 4.75 for the experience. Very cute, lively place and the live opera is delightful. Good for a celebration if you don't expect great food, though the frequency of singing could be decreased just a tad to allow for more breaks and conversation in between.  The dishes were ok - as a group had the veal saltimbocca, seafood soup, fetuccini verdi, caprese salad. The homemade pasta was good, flavors overall not outstanding. The tomato and mozzarella disappointing. Tasty tiramisu.We were very impressed with the decor, the food, the service and of course the singing.  The local area isn't too bad and we actually saw a parking spot but we took a quick cab ride from center city.  We had a romantic V-day dinner there, but would also come here with friends and family.Such an enjoyable dinner!  The opera-singing waitstaff were amazing!  The Italian food was delicious as well (not the best I've even had, but certainly more than respectable).  I enjoyed the Frutti di Mare which was quite good, except for the calamari which was a bit chewy.  One of my friends had the Caprese Salad and said that the mozzerella was some of the best they've had.  I did feel the food was a bit overpriced--but if they channel the profits back to supporting the working opera singers, I'm all for it.  
I loved the overall restaurant atmosphere including the singing.  I could see if being cute for special events--while we were there, they announced a couple's anniversary and had them share a dance in the middle of the restaurant floor.  
It was easy to get to, being so close to Broad, but parking in South Philly is always an adventure.  We lucked out with a spot just a couple blocks from the restaurant.  I believe the valet parking is currently $10 which isn't bad at all.
All in all, a fabulous dinner experience that I would certainly recommend for a fun evening out.Came here on a Sunday night and this place had a decent crowd. Everyone here sings, even the bartender ;) every half hour or so someone would ring a bell and a staff or two would perform an aria. Very beautiful and great atmosphere. The food was of decent portion, had the Prince Igor. It was quite creamy with penne, salmon pieces, caviar and asparagus. Had some to take home with me. Definitely an entertained dinner!If you're in philly for work or play, you must come here. My coworker recommended it and explained that it's very well-known because of the Rocky movie. That wasn't enough to get me in the door, however, until he mentioned that every 15 minutes the waiters and waitresses take turns belting out opera songs in the dining area. SOLD!
The 4 of us arrived and were seated at a table in the main dining area. We ordered wine and calamari to start, followed by 3 pasta entrees to share. It wasn't the best italian food I've had, but the charming interior and opera-singing waitstaff made this one dinner I won't forget.The opera singing up close is 5 stars. Have been here 6 years ago and two weeks ago.
I do not go out to Italian restaurant much, so I do not have much knowledge of the cuisine.
The food was a bit above average and reasonably priced.
Our waitress was extremely friendly and made us feel very comfortable.
truly a unique experienceThis place was amazing. I went here for my birthday dinner and I could not have asked for a better restaurant to host this meal. Not only was the food delicious, but the opera made the experience so much more mesmerizing. Everyone at the table got a different dish and everyone enjoyed it thoroughly. I can't wait until I come back to try a new entree!You've had better Italian fare in your life, especially in South Philly.  Nevertheless,  Victor Cafe is a very special place.  Cozy atmosphere with wonderful old pictures crowding the walls, friendly wait staff and good, solid portions.  But the talented singing waiters, that's the draw.  
The wait staff are also voice students who lull you with periodic punches of operatic or show time pieces that can bring a tear to the eye.  
Valet parking is a blessing here..This place was fantastic, my company had our Christmas party was here. It was very accommodating. We had the entire restaurant to ourselves and a special menu. My filet mignon was prepared perfectly, the dessert tray was most scrumptious. But what people go to the victor cafe is not really for the food, it is for the atmosphere. The waiters, waitress's, maître d, and even the bartender all sang and there voices were beautiful. My office can be a rowdy bunch, but it was amazing how as soon as someone started to sing the restaurant became silent. If there was not someone singing you could have heard a pin drop. That is just to describe how wonderful their voices are. I am not too into opera, but it was amazing nonetheless.  We all enjoyed ourselves, and I would definitely go back.I just love this place! I've been twice in the past 3 weeks and both times had excellent service and a great time. David and Stephen were both very good servers and crazy talented opera singers!
Both my friend and I had the arugula salad and the clams with linguine in white wine sauce.... Delicious! I didn't leave a single bite on my plate of any of it.Excellent food served by amazing servers who perform opera every 20 minutes or so. The bread pudding was exceptional.Excellent! Food was delicious! Opera singers were amazing! The mussels were sooooo good! They put homemade pesto on your table and it is to die for! Had the scallops and shrimp over linguini and it was really good. Roasted beet salad and fried calamari were amazing.  I was a little surprised they don't have a kids menu or can accommodate plain raviolis for a child, but that wouldn't stop me from caoming back. We'll just leave the child at home next time. LOL   Love this place!Sure, opera's cool and all if that's your thing.  The hottest thing about Victor's is the jaw-droppingly posh lounge upstairs.  If you have any excuse to be there, that's the place to be.
I usually notice families in Victor's for some reason.  I wouldn't bring kids here, but whatevs.  I've never been here with opera fans [go figure], so the operatic interludes were more annoying than anything.  I know, our fault.  I surely enjoy the food though.  Try the manicotti.SO FUN!! Went here with my boyfriend while we tried to carbo-load for the Broad Street run. The bread with pesto dipping oil at the beginning is SO GOOD. I got the chicken piccata and my boyfriend got the Penne Vodka which we ended up sharing.  There is a ton of staff which are very attentive and always helping each other out, clearing dishes filling water. I never saw my water glass go beyond halfway. 
The Opera sprinkled in the meal was just the right amount and never felt like it was disruptive of the meal.
My favorites were when the entire staff would join in song. It was a little girls birthday a few tables away and they all sang Happy Birthday in aria. There was also a duet which was awesome where parts of it involved the entire staff. 10/10 would recommend!Nice place. I like the atmosphere and the drinks and food were good. I was aware that the servers would sing opera from time to time which was nice. What I wasn't aware of, was that the restaurant needed to be quiet and listen to them. I guess that made me a little uncomfortable for some unknown reason. 
I had two glasses of moscato d'asti, and a glass of water. For appetizer I had the calamari which was different, and tasty. For my entree, I had the salmon which was one of the specials of the day, with spinach. It was delicious. 
Overall a good experience. They have valet parking which is a big plus, because it can be very hard to park in that area.South Philly is one of the coolest neighborhoods on the East Coast. The row houses, the old school Italian vibe, the complete lack of pretentiousness, and a wonderful little restaurant called Victor Cafe.
Without a doubt some of the best Italian food I've ever had. Perfect portion sizes with the pasta cooked just right and the sauces full of bold flavors. I'm no expert on fine Italian dining, but I do know that all our meals were wonderful. 
Before we came my sister told us that the waiters and waitresses also sing opera throughout the meal. Now I know this sounds sort of corny (I thought it was absurd when she explained it to me) but Victor pulls it off without awkwardness or the sense of needing to giggle or anything like that. And WOW. These men and women have powerful voices. 
The dinning area is small and the tables packed close together, but not so close that you feel that you are sitting in other party's laps. But I do recommend calling ahead and making a reservation so you don't end up waiting. 
The bill for four of us ended up being $125 with alcohol, so not too bad for a semi-fine dining experience.My wife and I recently came to Victors for our anniversary. What a great spot! We had never been at Victor's before, but I had a good vibe from the moment I called for a reservation, and was greeted with a friendly, pleasant host who took my reservation and promised that the restaurant would do something nice for our anniversary.
The restaurant itself is great- small, cozy, with a definite 'lived in' decor- you can tell this place has been here for a while. Our waiter was friendly and attentive, as was all of the wait staff that we interacted with. The waiters and waitresses would take turns singing opera, and we ended up at a table right near where they sing, which was a nice treat. 
The staff is also very laid back- substitutions are not greeted with a sneer, and the staff are not territorial about their tables- if one waiter notices that another table needs something, they'll overlap service to keep the customers happy. My wife and I ended up being at the restaurant for a while after most everyone else had left, and the staff seemed to genuinely enjoy each other's company- looking back at their approach to service, they really operate as a team, rather than as an 'everyone for themselves' approach so common in many restaurants.
The food was great. I had the lasagna, which was definitely 'home style'- tasty, and none of the ingredients overpowered any of the others. My wife had the Pomodoro & Basilico (with chicken) pasta dish which she loved. Overall, it was a really good meal- we left the restaurant full, but not stuffed. Quick tip- definitely get the Caesar salad as an appetizer. The cheese they use really makes the salad work.
Before dessert, one of the waiters sang a song to my wife and I for our anniversary, which was a really nice treat. Dessert was tiramisu- yummy and light, which made a nice ending to our meal.
I'd definitely recommend this restaurant to anyone looking for an intimate location for special occasions.We came here for the first time for our second year anniversary. We easily made the reservation online and there was an option for reservation occasion. They will sing to you and give you a free dessert. 
Our waitress, Aubry, is easily the best waitress we have ever had. We tipped 40% on a $70 bill as a testament of how great she is.
The table was set and awaiting our arrival. Aubry, introduced herself to us as we were seated and explained the no photography during performances rule. Every 20 minutes one of the waitstaff would sing an a When we were finished our meal she gave us a free cannoli with a candle, made an announcement about our anniversary and and us an aria about love. 
The food was also as good as the service. I ordered a shrimp pasta with extra sauce and enjoyed every  bite of it. My partner ordered a pork chop, but didn't like it due to personal preference. 
I would definitely come back here.Had a fabulous night at this restaurant. The place is great , as is the food(good solid Italian) and of course the wonderful singing waiters are an absolute treat. Highly recommended.Brought my parents here when they were visiting from their small western town. It was a smash hit! I feel like it's expensive, but when you think about the fact that you're paying for the performances it's great. I would only go here for a treat for someone who needs some entertainment and can't find something like this where they are from.Solid, as usual. We go here a few times a year because my father-in-law loves the place. If you are not familiar, every ten minutes or so, a server sings a song, typically opera, but also from musicals. Very entertaining, but it does cause social awkwardness for many diners.
The food is solid, but not great, save for the rigatoni bolognese that I tried for the first time. It was chunky meat sauce and very flavorful. Also had the mussels in whit wine, butter, and garlic. Very solid as an appetizer.
Service is good, attentive. Atmosphere is loud, as you can imagine. A fun time for all.OMG! This place is amazing! The food is great but the best part is the wait staff are classic music singers! Opera and Italian food the perfect combination!As Philly's off the beaten path "music lover's rendezvous", this restaurant traffics people of all ages.   Impromptu serenades by aspiring opera singers, as you dine over time-honored Italian cuisine---I'd say that's a bang for your buck!  The calamari FRITTI was up to par to my crispy/fluffy batter ratio scale, while still maintaining a freshness inside.  But the Mediterranean bronzino is my new discovery of 2010.  I'm not sure if it was the citrus sauce that highlighted the fish, or if it was the fish itself that was so refreshing, nevertheless, my entree was still a catch!  My Valentine's frutti di mare was a stockpile of maritime friends...all of which were delectable and delicious.  I'm so happy that this restaurant provided the forum for a memory that will last me a lifetime.What an amazing experience! The food is absolutely on point. Oh yeah, and they sing the most beautiful songs that will take you away to a better place while you enjoy your dinner.I wish I could give a better review for Victor Cafe.  My girlfriends and I went this past Saturday and it was truly just OK.  I ordered the Victor Salad w/ their homemade Gorgonzola dressing- totally average and not much Gorgonzola.  I then had the pasta special w/ shrimp and scallops- again just OK.  Not much flavor.  I wanted to be totally blown away w/ the food as this is a South Philly staple for Italian food- I just wasn't.  The singing was great of course, but we wouldn't go back.It's probably telling to see a restaurant either when you're the only table there or when they are completely slammed with people.  We went early on a super cold Wed night, 5pm, very early for a place like Victor and we were the only table, a group of 7.  
We were greeted at the door warmly, and the entire evening was sweet, fun, with great singing and good food--spot on service.  I had an arugula salad w. walnuts and vinaigrette--large portions, and a chicken breast w. fontina cheese and maybe prosciutto?--over polenta--it was very good, again a large portion!
Menu may be a bit old fashioned but everything was well prepared, fresh vegetables in the salad.  Bread from a local bakery.  Tiramisu for dessert could have used a little more kick of espresso, or alcohol--might have been a non-alcohol version.  
If you go, make sure you see the second floor lounge area, it's a mixture of design styles, but two people in our party commented that they would like to hang out there for a few hours, super cool space.  
Lilly, our server, and I should really say opera singer/server, offered us a Verdi aria, something about a princess who was up to no good--that rattled our water glasses!  Opera from four feet away is a powerful experience.  And Lilly was committed to the aria, it had a "lived in" feel, maybe she is really a princess who is up to no good?
To be honest, I thought Victor Café would be cheesy, and the only cheese was in my chicken dish.  A really sweet, fun evening, I'll go back!This place gave me the most authentic Italian feel as I have had in South Philly.  We shared a salad and antipasta dish.  The opera singing is what really sets this place apart.  I may have a bias thanks to the Rocky picture hanging in the front window.  Top notch place to bring a date.  Although I will most likely have to give the High Note Cafe a shot before coming back here again.If there is one thing south Philadelphia knows how to do, it's Italian food. And Victor's Cafe was no exception.  I wouldn't say it was the best Italian food I've had in the city but it is definitely up there on my list.  The atmosphere is great and the aria's performed by the wait staff every 20 minutes or so were fantastic!  I'd heard the singing was great so I already had high expectations, but they really blew me away.  For dinner I had a veal dish that was tender and delicious while the rest of my party chose a pasta entree.  We were all impressed.  I brought my parents and brother who are not from the area and it was a cool way to show them the heart of Philadelphia.  Definitely a great place to take out of town guests you'd like to impress.  I will be back!Opera and the best shrimp I've had in the United States.  My going in rating was a 2 out of 5, I came out with a 6. Must return!First time at the Victor Cafe. I had the cannelloni and it was absolutely delicious! And for $19-a bargain. I'd absolutely go back. Of particular interest are the performances that happen every 20 mins or so. The bartender, the waitresses, the hostesses...they all have phenomenal voices and perform arias. Def worth stopping by for a nice dinner with a special someone. I wouldn't bring kids who can't sit still or stay quiet.