This place had an awesome selection of beer in my opinion, especially sours which is why I went in. The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is because I went in 15 minutes to closing and the guy standing outside who said he was the new owner basically tried to turn me away, stopped me at the door and made sure I knew they were closing soon and that I couldn't drink my beer inside which I had no intention of doing but never had a chance to say so before I was stopped. I ended up spending almost $200 on beer, so you're welcome, but I won't be back. I like places that encourage business. If you close at 10, you close at 10 and not at 945. I'll stick to getting my beer at Food & Friends.This place is running out of coasters but Dustin looks p good in a crop top. Thx.  anyway they did a good job and if you don't post this yelp review I'm gonna be so pissed @yelp. And have I mentioned the crop top?! Daaaaaaaayum. Okay well see ya next time yelp.Yes, this is a yuppy, hipster sandwich place that at first made me want to roll my eyes, but they have damn good, huge tasty sandwiches.  My husband loved the sardine sandwich.  Hard to find one these days.  Lots of meat choices, and veggie choices too.  Plus they have free bubbly water on tap, serve yourself.  (Why can't all restaurants have this?  Love it!)  Their sides were way over priced and did not look entirely appetizing.  Otherwise, I would have given this place 4-star.I didn't think I liked sandwiches....but we all know that that's just not possible. Everyone loves sandwiches. And if you love sandwiches, you'll love The Corner Foodery. 
The first thing to catch your ear about this Rittenhouse gem is its unparalleled bottled beer selection to carry! We all know good beer carry-outs are a rare bird in uber-liquor-strict PA. But Corner Foodery has a bottle selection that would make any beer snob blush. The local and internationally stocked coolers that guide you from the entrance to the back order counter seem like the stairway to Heaven....and they might as well be. 
Despite their surprisingly spacious sitting area (the place is at least triple what it appears from the street), I've only had their office catering. These guys NEVER disappoint. Their ingredients are top-notch and their artisan sandwiches would rival any bready bite in the city. My faves are definitely the meatball grinder, the Milstein, and the porchetta, thought you really just can't go wrong with any of their sandwiches. This, THIS is what Philly should be known for--Gourmet, two-handed, chewy-rolled goodness. So put down your soggy cheesesteak and had over to Corner Foodery for a real sandwich (don't forget the long hots). 
The only problem you might have there is deciding whether you're more impressed by the craft beer or the craft food. I still can't decide...Yes please! What a great addition to the Rittenhouse Square Area. I had an absolutely wonderful time stopping by the new Foodery after happy hour to check it out. Not only did they have some of my all time favorite beers that are hard to come by (ex. Prism Red Zone!) they also were stocked with an interesting and diverse selection of bottled beers that the employees were more than willing to walk you through them. 
We got our beer selections and sat down at the large picnic table. Right now they only do sandwiches and some sides..but I wanted just charcuterie so the server happily sliced me a little of everything free of charge so I could try it out. We also got a side of potato chips and the marinated artichokes which were super yum.
Great experience! Nice place to stop with friends and try out some funky beers!Very large and diverse selection sorted by style. The beer is always fresh and I never have a hard time finding stuff I like. However, the beers are expensive and the staff is often unfriendly.Best beer selection in the area, kinda pricey but that is everywhere. They normally have a special 6pack on sale for $10. I've only had the happy hour sliders, which weren't very good but everyone goes for the great beer selection.The sandwich I had (the swan) was really good, and the chips and pickle it comes with really make a satisfying lunch. 
The beer selection is pretty decent, but I'd only buy something here if I couldn't find it anywhere else because it is EXPENSIVE. And I used to live in SoCal, so I know expensive. It's several dollars more than bottles from Whole Foods. Like, I think the Corner Foodery sells Rochefort 10 for something like $14. For about 12 ounces of beer. Whole Foods sells it for $8 or $10. I forget which, but something much cheaper than $14. It's an expensive beer, and I'm sure this location is pricey to rent, but wow. 
Also, it's kind of an awkward set up with a counter in front and bar in the back. I walked in on a Friday night when they are supposed to be doing beer tastings and I was practically the only person there, and no one offered me a tasting (advertised on the chalk board outside) or even really spoke to me at all.Had a great time! Came here after the Philadelphia Marathon with all of my friends and we ate burgers/sandwiches and talked for a few hours.  Great food, fast service, and comfortable atmosphere.  Burger was tasty, too!Fantastic beer selection, friendly and talkative workers, great place to sit down and relax.  Had the saturday night games on, but did not drown out the place with loud music.  On top of that, the fair pricing and fantastic food makes this place a hit!The amount of beer they have at this place is just amazing! It is a little overpriced but you can truly find anything. The service is also great and they are always open to helping you find the right beer.Both food and beer were delicious! It's a beautiful view with all the amazing beers! I'm digging that throw back hip hop!I recently was in the area for to see a comic at the comedy club and wanted to grab a quick dinner before the show. After wondering the streets, we ended up here. The store front was welcoming, and there was ample seating & beer. 
When we walked in, we headed past the endless fridges stocked with beer and made our way to the counter. Here the menu is displayed on chalk boards. After you grab a beer & place your order you can find a seat. The place was clean and the service was friendly. 
I ordered the Cesar Kale Salad. The portion size wasn't huge, but it filled me up and all of the ingredients were fresh. My friends ordered different sandwiches and soup, everything looked delicious and everyone was pleased with their meals. 
The Foodery is somewhere I'm looking forward to going back to & I highly recommend it for a quick bite or a relaxing beer.A nice little spot for a post-work chomp n' chat sesh -- just a quick note: the long hots on the short rib steak w/ horseradish aioli? HOT. And long too. But, backed by a chocolate vanilla porter on draught, it's all good. Also, quite a few TVs to catch whatever Philly sports team is desperately trying to get a win. Aw, Philly sports teams.Cornery Foodery is such a welcome addition to the area. In the few short weeks it's been open, it's become my go-to place to buy beer. Previously I'd go to The Foodery on 10th St, Food & Friends, or Omega in a pinch, but Corner Foodery's location is so much more convenient. Corner Foodery surpasses all of those places in its excellent customer service; there's always a knowledgable person there on hand to answer questions and help you select a beer. The selection is excellent, though I think for certain rarities one may still have to go to the 10th St Foodery; by and large, though, Corner Foodery has just about everything I could want or need. The atmosphere is very pleasant, with a spacious and attractive layout and wonderful artwork. 
I also love that they have a bar with draft beer and some tasty sandwiches and snacks, which makes it a great place to stop for a drink after work or on a weekend while out running errands. The seating area is comfortable, and I love the self-serve water dispenser with chilled, sparkling, and still water on tap. Service is at the counter, but despite the lack of table service, the staff is quite attentive about clearing tables and is overall friendly and helpful. We ordered some warm mozzarella and olives, which were quite enjoyable, and we look forward to returning to try their sandwiches, which look delicious. In addition to being able to order from a thoughtful selection of draft beer, you can also buy bottles from the shop and drink them there. 
Corner Foodery should certainly be on the radar of any beer lover in Center City, both as a place to buy beer as well as a place to eat & drink.Wow! I can spend a lot of time in here debating what to put into my six pack. This is an outstanding beer selection, and a great addition to the Rittenhouse area. I'm very close by, so it's very easy to walk here and grab some new beers to try out. The prices are a little high, but it's still worth it to me.
They also have some really good sandwiches to choose from (the meatball one I had was very good and filling).
There seems to be at least one or two beer tastings every week, so make sure to check their website or twitter for that information.Beer, beer, beer! I came here last weekend to pick up a few beers for Sunday evening game night/ Game of Thrones (oh yes nerd heaven) and was blown away by the selection! 
Now, I haven't eaten here YET so keep that in mind! But, based on the beer options and the extremely friendly staff I had to write a review! I think the selection is outstanding. I've walked by this place so many times and had no idea that there was glorious brew cave hiding behind those doors!
The best part, you could buy a bottle, two, or as many as you want of various selection! I picked two completely random seasonal brews to take back home. 
That is another cool thing they have going on, the beer is sorted by location (and seasonal). I'm pretty sure I spent a good 30 minutes ogling the selection.... That's why I thought the staff was so nice. While the rest of the party was checking out and I was shouting "just one second!" The person working the register insisted I take my time... Being the annoyingly indecisive person I am, this was a dream come true! I will be back! Hopefully soon!Awesome selection of beer. It's literally a 60 foot wall of beers. 
The food could have been a little less expensive and could have had a little more meat in it. Cold sandwich was tasty, but needed a little more meat. Burger looked good but was small.
Hopefully you're smarter than me and go for the beer (get fries, if necessary). Should be called the Beerery.I came here on a cold day after a run.  I ordered way too much food, and loved every bite.  My running partner got fennel sausage and peppers, I had a meat ball sub, the popcorn and a tomato and roasted red pepper soup... And 2 beers on tap.  It was all more than I expected- fresh bread, delicious meat, the sandwiches were a triumph.  The soup and soothing and creamy, and the beers were down right refreshing.  
What a lovely surprise.  I was expecting Jimmy Johns.  So much more.Fantastic beer selection! Cheap eats and open relatively late night. We usually just get fries and beer there so cannot attest too much to the food. However I'm always pleasantly surprised by the cider and beer selection.Unbelievable range of great beers on tap and in bottles. If you go during happy hour, all drafts are $2 off and "snacks" (incredibly tasty) are 50% off. What's not to like. Very helpful staff as well. Can't wait to go back next time I'm in Philly.An overwhelming beer selection, it's an International beer hall.  Beer drinkers will become regulars just to work their way through the vast selections.
My date however wanted wine, and with only beer on the menu, we had 1 unhappy diner with us that night.
A bit expensive compared to some of the other options in the city for beer variety, but it is in Rittenhouse, and you are paying for the convenience of selection.  Great spot to meet the guys to catch-up, but there's no real scene to speak of, which makes it a great spot to just grab a beer and BS.Went here for snow day lunch after work and was quite impressed with the craft beer selection. They have about 30 yards of refrigerators that house different craft beers. You can create your own six pack and go or grab a bottle and hang out. I ended up choosing from one of the six or seven rotating taps (decent selection). It was an Imperial Red from Ballast Point and it did not disappoint. We came just before HH so I just ordered a cold sandwich. I went with the Swan which included portabella mushrooms, artichokes, eggplant, tomato and mozzarella on a seeded bun. The sandwich was stuffed with fresh ingredients and was thoroughly impressed how big the portions were in between the buns. They were definitely lacking in the amount of chips served, but that is a minor detail for me. Overall, it was a great and low key place to drink great craft beer while the snow gently fell outside. Will definitely come back here to grab a beer and catch up on work.All sandwiches look yummy!  I decided to go with a salad but you can do it as a sandwich too. And talk about beer!  They have every kind of beverage you could want.  The staff was really nice and very helpful.Had some shopping to do downtown and saw that this place was in the area. I heard that they had a solid drink selection and they definitely did. Walked in and it was kind of overwhelming and for this location the menu and ordering area is in the back. I quickly placed my order for the artichoke veggie sandwich and took some time to see what drink I wanted to choose. I ended up with a nice original sin cider which was spot on with the sandwich. I did the half and half combo for half salad and half sandwich. Good choice if you are looking for a light lunch for a decent price. Overall great experience and service was very fast, I look forward to coming back to try some of the other sandwiches and drinks.Favorite beer spot to buy singles or build my own 6 pack. This place has a bunch of beer that other places don't & cool ones I had never seen before.
There is also a cool seating area and the food is great, especially between 4pm-7pm when all the snacks are half off.Seems primarily a beer store but this review covers food only. Had the burger which was good and well priced. Godfather sandwich was average, nothing special. Good, friendly service. If you're there and hungry, grab the burger.I am only going to give 3 stars. The price and beer is good enough, but considering the situation, environment and service, only 3. But they do have a lot of different kinds of beer, I never saw so many in one place.A nice American Fare menu with delicious and meaty subs, cheesesteaks, breaded chicken sandwiches, etc is overshadowed by a massive entire wall of this establishment which is actually 17 full refrigerators of the best bottled beers from around the world.  Sunday is happy hour, as are your standard 5:30-7:30 weeknights.  You can get half off drafts, or you might choose to pick one of their 10,000 beers and crack it there.! i recommend the godfather sandwich or the house fennel sausage (10) paired with the german imported aucht shenkerla rauchbier (8.50) for a delicious & filling snack. 6-8 rotating crafts on keg plus Seventeen!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Refrigerators full of beer as their entire wall.  That's cool.  Bartenders are awesome too.Really cool concept for a restaurant. You pick your own beer (the selection is HUGE) from the cooler and then take it to your table. The food is great as well! Definitely would recommend this placeHad the porchetta sandwich with provolone and broccoli rabe. Wow! It was great! I'm not generally into sandwiches but the choices here are excellent, and the quality and taste just great. Loved the free seltzer water too. The young man who waited on me was kind, patient, friendly and helpful. I would definitely go back...and I plan to do just that.The Corner Foodery is the perfect fusion of high end sandwich shop and craft beer market.  It's an odd but brilliant operation that works beer + great sandwiches = ingenious.  They have an absurd selection of several hundred different beers.  Some beers are not priced as well as others but there is a good chance they'll have what you're looking for.  
Simply put get the Milstein, broccoli rabe, sharp provolone, long hots, stewed peppers and the best breaded chicken cutlets I've had.  I thought the meatballs were lacking in depth of flavor when I got the meatball sub.  
Have a beer, have a sandwich have a break we all work too hard not to enjoy both.Kind of wish I could put this place in my pocket and take it to DC. Love how they took the single bottle carry out to the next level with individual buy and drink, taps, and food on site. Gone are the days where you order a beer and they are out of it- everything is on display for you to pick out on your own.I can't speak to the food although I have Been told it is solid. Their beer selection is staggering and impressive.  There are certainly some pricey options but this definitely the place to go for hard to find craft beers from all over the world.Rating us for a pub. Very good and diverse sandwiches. But he same can be said for the American craft beers and international fare. Great time after running the marathon.Excellent hoagie!
I ordered the godfather which comes with an assortment of cured meats and very well dressed with toppings and the mild hot sauce. It was extremely tasty. 
They had a very large assortment of craft beers which you could help yourself to in their very long span of refrigerators. 
The place didn't have much seating, but I was able to get a table at the kitchen bar. 
I will definitely be coming back if I am in the mood for a sub.
One last thing, the subs are pretty large. 1 could easily work for 2 people.I really wanted to like this place and I have tried it several times. The first problem is that they don't have any prices listed for beers.  When I purchased a Rogue Dead Guy ale 22oz I was shocked when I went to the checkout and it was $14.  In my shock I paid the price and stewed about it for a while.  I thought something had to have been wrong and the girl had accidentally charged me incorrectly.  So I went back.  What a mistake.  Everything here is overpriced and I'm not going back.  I have given it several tries, but I always leave feeling like I have been taken advantage of.Another great gem I stumbled across! The beer selection is insane, so many to choose from! Not only do they have an amazing beer selection they offer a great tomato bisque that will make you want to lick the bowl, I'm not kidding!! The prices here are great too, very inexpensive! Lastly this place is just a cool spot to chill, eat a great meal and drink an ice cold beer!"Dude"!  "Bro!"   
Yeah, hipster heaven.  Every sort of beer in a bottle, artisan sandwiches and VH1 on the big screens.
I went there for an early lunch on a Saturday before a tour of Center City.  11:00 a.m. is too early for me to indulge in alcohol, but many other patrons were sipping craft beers and had their heads hung over their phones.  
I ordered a meatball grinder.  The bread was fresh, but the meatballs were no different than you would get at a Subway.  But I think more people go there for the beer.  
If you want a bit of an insight into Philly Hipster Culture and not feel odd about drinking before noon, this is your place.Fun fun fun! I got a Midas Touch and a Tomato, basil, mozzarella sandwich with a balsamic glaze. Came with a huge pile of potato chips too.  I am an absolute sucker for a good TBM so they're all considered perfection to me, but this one had a pretty decent amount of basil on it which is clutch. Would have preferred it to be a bit more panini-ed, but then the mozz would have been to melty and odd. Either way, I'm a sucker for a TBM.Amazing beer. Delicious sandwiches. And adult sandwich combos! So glad they have a 'new' location so close to me.Yup, this place is still WAY overpriced. So much so that it really turns me off from returning. 
Both last month and last fall, I picked up the special edition Ommegang Game of Thrones beers here. My husband is both a beer and a GoT fan. We missed out on the first release, which sold out in a day or so, so I was eager to show up here and grab a bottle as soon as it was announced on twitter. 
They charge DOUBLE the suggested retail price. For the second release, Take the Black, I think the expected price was $8 and it was close to $17 with tax. For the last release, Fire and Blood, I was also charged $17 and some change. Come to find out, these beers aren't that rare anymore, and places like Whole Foods and Wegmans in Montgomery County were selling the same bottles for $9.99. 
No thanks. When Whole Foods is reasonable in comparison you should perhaps evaluate your pricing. I have no idea why people keep shopping here. Despite the good selection, if you do a little research, you can find pretty much all of these beers much cheaper elsewhere.The foodery never disappoints! It always has something we want to drink (it helps that they have fridges stocked with cans and bottles if you don't find anything on the draft list)! In addition to a variety of libations, the food options are always tasty. We got the meatball sliders today and the combination of sauce and spices really hit the spot for a mid afternoon snack. I think they change their menu regularly because this is the first time I've had the meatball sliders (in case you can't tell, I highly recommend!).
We often find ourselves starting our adventures in the city with a drink at the foodery! It's always a great start to a good night!Neat place, good selection of ciders and view of the game. I just wish it was less loud and more brightly lit.I didn't try the food here, but this is an awesome place to have a beer.  The beer selection is really wonderful, and the atmosphere is very nice.  Great service, and great to find Firestone Walker beers!Getting to sit and eat/drink here felt like you were getting away with something to have such good beer for so cheap and be drinking it out. Great concept. I used to just get mixed 6 packs from here, but the one by Rittenhouse was a great spot to hang out at. Sandwiches we got were good and well priced. I had gotten a chicken, broccoli rabe, and roasted pepper one which was good, but I'd probably get something else. It was so loaded with massive florets of rabe and a ton of peppers, so it was not the classiest to eat in public. Still good regardless and I love this place.
They are even accommodating in frequently clearing your beer bottles and such when its an order at the counter deal. Everything came out quick, and you can just keep your tab open while you keep grabbing amazing cheap beer from a big big selection. Lots of thumbs up!Working in the neighborhood for a few weeks, so have had a chance to try it out a couple of times.  Overall, a very cool spot.   Outstanding beer selection with pretty much everything available by the individual can/bottle.   Always wanted to try that craft beer from Rochester but didn't want to commit to full six pack?   No problem.  Have had two sandwiches (Porchetta and Roast Turkey) and both were top notch.   My only quibble would be the prices.  Beer is definitely 10%-20% more than what I'm used to paying, and the sandwiches are on the steep side.   Still, as a higher-end sandwich shop with great beers and a cool vibe, it's hard to be overly harsh.Just found this place after 3 years of walking by this is a must !!!! If you love cider or beer this is a great place to come!!!Had a burger from here and was blown away at how great it was. Juicy and robust flavor and the bun was melt in your mouth quality. Not to mention they have the most robust beer selection of any place I've seen in the city limits. You can even mix and match a 6 Pack from the cooler while you're there and hang out and drink it in the bar. Great prices on drafts too when considering the area and how expensive bars are nearby.This place is incredible. Awesome beer selection, more than reasonable prices, and delicious food. More than that though, The Corner Foodery is a generous establishment, which is something I can really get behind.
To explain, last time I was here, they were giving our free Southern Tier Pumking (out of a hollowed out pumpkin) and free Maryland Blue Crabs. I can't really explain why this was happening, but it was, and it was incredible.
Even when not giving out free food and beer, The Corner Foodery has a wide selection of bottled beers, most of which are a full $1-2 cheaper than you can get them at most other bars.This sandwich is fine, but leaves a lot to be desired. The meat lacks flavor. In fact, all the sandwich tastes like is heat because of the long peppers. It's probably the same for all their sandwiches.Very clean place friendly staff, overpriced food. Very confusing atmosphere and layout!  There were 2 or 3 guys sitting at the counter drinking beer and typing emails (guessing the my were the owners). I mean what if I wanted to sit at the counter and have a beer? Some of them were standing in the way of the ordering area too! The sandwich was good but it wasn't anything to write home about. The mozzarella was very fresh and the roll was good, but very small! For the price you can get a 2 ft hoagie elsewhere! I don't see myself coming back here for food, but I think I would come back to grab one of over 1,900 beers!Still excellent, if not better. Tony and Vivian (the owners) really try hard to make sure anyone who stops in for a sandwich or just for a beer pickup is satisfied and well-informed. I have lunch here at least 3 times a wk, and their sandwiches are truly amazing. My two favorites are the porchetta and the bambino bianco, although I'm dying to try out their meatball grinder, as I tried a meatball and it is freaking AWESOME.Great place to enjoy great food, great beverages and great friends. I loved this place. Food portions are very generous.A great beer selection (of course!).  The sandwich I had for lunch a number of weeks ago was Excellent, certainly worth the extra $2 over what a hoagie would cost at the local Boars Head type joint.  
I went recently for drinks after work with former co-workers, and the staff was good behind the bar, but don't expect table service.  The menus were just kind of spread out over the table, no water offered.  The situation is more 'grab a beer from the cooler (or draught), order a sandwich and find a seat!  However, we were at a table for 10, so it'd be a nice touch to get a little attention.
I digress.  The kitchen accommodated a special order, for meat and cheese plates (not on the menu) and a number of good sides (peppers, mushrooms) for our table.  Tony Rim, the owner and I talked and he said they're thinking of expanding into this type (not dinners, snacks) in the spring  I hope he does, the meats and cheeses were top notch and a great side for drinking an amazing beer with friends.  We certainly stayed longer and bought more beer because of it.Picked a favorite bottle from the fridge. bought single beer, opened it, drink it - only $3. 13 seconds.The food here is so good.  As some have said its a little pricey but serving sizes are huge.  I ate the whole thing but easily could have shared the Porchetta.  Everything about it was amazing - the pork tender and flavorful, the provolone adds a richness, the broccoli rabe a freshness and the peppers add great crunch and spice.  The bread is also perfect for the sandwich.  
The beer selection here is great.  I visiting from out of town and had a few beers while I was here and then got a 6 pack of variety to surprise my husband with when he got to town.  There was a great mix of local and national choices.  There were a lot I had not seen before.  We came back few days later for a beer and they had some new ones on tap that were unique to try.  If I lived here I would be here all the time for great food and beer dine in or to go.The Corner Foodery is an excellent new addition to the Center City nexus of takeout beer, tap beer, and gourmet sandwiches. I was there for its opening day and this partnership between the takeout beer emporium The Foodery and The Corner restaurant does not disappoint.
The decor on the inside is not your average Foodery and is more in line with The Corner on 13th street. The space inhabits two long properties opposite the Sofitel Hotel which have been joined together. On one side you have a long hall of coolers containing the top-rate selection of beers one would expect from the Foodery. More of the selection of rare bottles is available on tables opposite the coolers. There are small counters at the front and back of this side of the space. The back counter has several taps. 
On the other side you have ample seating for the restaurant portion of the business. The seating is a mixture of long communal tables in the front, along with wooden booths and two person cafe seating along a large bench. The back of this side has the counter which offers food along one side and taps on the other. 
I ordered a chicken cutlet sandwich with broccoli rabe and provolone on a long roll. It was huge and excellent. Other people in my party ordered one of the sausage sandwiches that comes on a long roll. I sampled that and it was exceptionally good. Several of the sandwiches cost around $10. 
The Corner Foodery was also handing out complimentary half pours of beer for free in honor of their first day. The beer was Ommegang Belgian Pale Ale which tasted great on tap. 
The ambiance, selection of takeout beer, and the selection and quality of the food make The Corner Foodery an excellent place to stop for lunch or to pop in to grab some quality takeout beer in an upscale setting. They have done an excellent job on their first day of business which is not easy to do. They get four stars on the basis of what one can reasonably review upon the first day of a business. I will be returning to update my review. You should not wait for that. Stop by.Really enjoyed the casual environment, beer selection and food! We were just in town for the weekend and we are happy that we found this place!Initiate "kid in candy store" mode.
This place is right around the corner from my office. As both a beer snob and a lover of a good caprese sandwich, this place makes my heart happy. Had a very short wait during lunchtime on a weekday, and was pretty pleased with the beer selection. 
Yeah, the beer can be a little pricey, but let's be honest about buying beer in Center City: if you want something a bit classier than an Olde E in the Rittenhouse area, you and I can both stomach a few extra bucks.We have visited The Foodery countless times for beer and a few times for food. We love this neighborhood gem with hundreds of bottled beers to select from. We usually make a stop by to build a custom craft 6 pack (10% discount when you build a 6-pack, 15% discount for same kind). The Foodery is our go-to location to find rare imports and hot domestic crafts. The atmosphere is laid back and open with 4 large TVs for viewing making it a prime lunch, happy hour, or game-time spot. 
We have eaten here twice, once for sandwiches during lunch and another for a light snack while watching a hockey game. The food selections are reasonably priced for the Rittenhouse neighborhood ($10-14) and range from soups and salads to a wide variety of Italian sandwiches. They freshly carve Italian meats and serve the hearty sandwiches with chips and a pickle. They have a great selection of light snacks that are made event better during their half-price happy hour where you can get $0.50 wings and even free blue crabs in the early fall!
The only downside to the Foodery is that sometimes the unique and favorite beers can sell quickly, so stay vigilant and talk with the staff about when new shipments will come in. The staff is very friendly and helpful with assisting you in your evaluation all of the beers and cleaning up your trays before you have a chance to clean up for yourself.With delicious made to order sandwiches made from gourmet Italian deli meats and cheeses, and a variety of hot sandwiches (think roast pork, meatball, sausages, etc), Corner Foodery makes a great spot for lunch near Rittenhouse.  I had the caprese, with fresh mozzarella, delicious ripe tomatoes and fresh basil, seasoned with balsamic vinegar- delicious and refreshing on a hot summer day!   
If it had not been a workday, I would have loved to indulge in one of the hundreds of choices of single bottle Belgian and craft beers (an entire wall of the store) or a draft beer to wash down my sandwich. I'll be looking for an excuse to come back here for dinner or a drink after work!
Love the concept, will be back!Ate in at 11 something in the morning. Got the special, half a sandwich and soup.  It came on a tray with chips and a half sour pickle.  I don't drink beer and they had only one flavor of diet soda, which came in a 16 ounce bottle.  
The food (tuna sandwich and clam soup) was excellent and fresh.  I was disappointed that the soda wasn't a fountain drink.  I could have used a refill while eating.  Also,  there's plenty of options for diet/sugar free soda that would be fancy enough for the joint.  Please consider getting some!
FYI, there's no wi-fi.One of the best spots in center city.
Nico was nice enough to coach me through what the beer of the month was.
I plan on coming back again when the weather is nicer so I can take advantage of the outdoor seating.This is a cool trendy place for lunch, serving good sandwiches and a wide variety of drinks. I sat at the bar, ordered a Milstein sandwich to go with my sports drink (they also offer sparking and still water on tap). The sandwich has great bread and moist chicken. I would've liked more of the broccoli rabe and less peppers - the peppers or pepper flakes (or both?) gave a hot kick to the sandwich that didn't make me sweat, but was definitely noticeable. A half-sandwich would've been enough for me, I didn't touch the potato chips. A bonus was talking to a friendly Philadelphian at the bar. I give an added star since the Foodery carried Club Mate. I didn't expect to see this German beverage in the States. If I'm ever back, I'd try some of the ciders or other drinks as well.Beer selection.. 5 stars.  Beer prices... 3 stars.  Food... 3.5 stars. 
I visited on a Sunday evening for dinner, and to check out the beer selection.  Was excited to have a different craft beer store in Rittenhouse other than Food & Friends, hoping to find some better prices.  I wasn't disappointed!  The craft beer selection was great!  Several finds here that I don't see at F&F.  Prices weren't as low as I hoped, but they were on-par with F&F. 
My roomie and I also ate, had the meatball grinder, and hot turkey sandwhich.  The turkey was delicious, fresh arugala and pesto with big turkey chunks.  Was not cheap turkey lunchmeat, this was the real deal turkey!!  The meatball grinder was good, but i wish there was more cheese melted on it. 
Service was great!  The lady explained the menu, poured us some draft beers, and was totally sweet and friendly.  She was so nice!  She says it gets really crowded during weekday lunch hour, and Friday nights.  So, come here when they aren't so busy, and you will enjoy yourself!
Buy 6 beers (mix-and-match), get 10% off!!  Great deal, I took advantage, and will be back again soon!So, so many beers,  More beers than you could ever imagine. More beers than even the most hardcore beer enthusiast would ever see in their dreams.  We are talkin' row upon row of glass door refrigerators,  from which you can make your selection of funky imported beers or American craft brews.  I selected a Trooper - a beer brewed with the assistance of Bruce Dickinson, the lead singer of Iron Maiden. It tasted good - in a heavy-metal-salute-the-devil sort of way.  The food, however, wasn't quite the equivalent of a rippin' shred-fest guitar solo, at least based on my limited sample size of one visit.  I ordered a half of a short rib cheesesteak and a salad, and neither was occasion for the production of any "yummy" noises.  The chips that came with the sandwich and salad were the best part of the meal - at least on that visit.  I will definitely give 'em another chance to impress.Pretty good sandwiches and a SUPER extensive beverage selection (beers as well as bottled sodas and iced teas). The roasted turkey with bell peppers was quite tasty, though nothing outstanding. Sandwiches are served on a long hoagie roll with a side of potato chips, though the portion of potato chips varies quite a lot between orders. It's a little dark inside, but a nice casual and fairly quiet place to go for lunch. 
TL;DR: Come here if you want a good craft beer, and maybe a sandwich to go with it.Never disappoints. Delicious and fresh food and obviously tons and tons of beers to choose from. I love that all drafts are $2 off for happy hour. Lots of selections of bottles of course but nice to have draft options as well!I asked the server at Monk's Café about a good bottle shop nearby and he suggested this one.  If you're looking to have a beer and a bite to eat, just pull one of the beers out of the refrigerators or a draft beer and get yourself a table, because they have all that available here too!  You can create your own 6 pack which is what I did.  I was hoping to find some Cigar City beer there, but I was disappointed to find none.  They did have Brooklyn Brewing though, so I took a few of those home. It seems like a really cool place for lunch and a beer or a quick 6 pack on the go.I am a HUGE fan of this place. The amount of beer this place has to offer is outrageous. When I've gone with friends, we've all shared a make your own six-pack and sat down at he tables and just drank and chit-chatted. The atmosphere is very relaxed and there is a lot of room. It's a really great space. They also serve some finger food. We all shared a tomato based artichoke dish that was outstanding. 
The staff is very knowledgeable and friendly. They are happy to help you pick out some beers that you might like and to tell you a little about them. They also have a couple of beers on tap that you are able to try. 
All in all, I would highly recommend this place. It's a great place, maybe one of the best places, to grab a six pack or to just relax and enjoy a beer with a friend.Great sandwiches(AMAZING), you can even do halfs! My fave is the short-rib and Tomato-Very filling. Love the create your own sick packs. Pretty nice to sit in and enjoy your food/drinks as wellCame in off the street for lunch today, immediately greeted by a very helpful, smart girl. Although the lunch rush piled in, the service was great, the food was tasty, and the beer was aptly selected. 
Easy, walk in for a sandwich and craft brew.I had the hot fennel sausage sandwich, and it was pretty basic. Nothing to write home about. It was just some pieces of meat on regular bread with some peppers for flavor. However, I gave the Foodery some extra points for the venue and premise of the restaurant itself. The opportunity to buy some six packs or individual bottles with your sandwich, and then eat at the restaurant is unique. Additionally, their unique app is a great way to pre-order your food and check what beers they have available.  Inside is very nice, the wooden booths are welcoming and it has a warm and casual feel to it. I'd like to come back and give the Foodery another chance and try the kegs and eggs deal for brunch. $6 for a breakfast sandwich, home fries, and a beer? Seems like it can't be beat!Great place to grab a beer. You will probably have a tough time deciding because there are so many options. I didnt get any food on my visit but it did smell/look good.Love this franchise, something for everyone.  Decent bottle selection, very good draft selection, great food, great atmosphere, water station, TVs, good music, interesting crowd, decent prices... and on and on and on.  It close early for a "bar" but that's the only downside.  Stop in.  You're welcomeGood beer selection. Sandwiches were excellent. Also good music and atmosphere.   Lots of tvs and seating.My turkey sandwich was not bad, the atmosphere was nice, but I was hoping the grilled peppers would be more flavorful.I wanted to order lunch today. I wanted two burgers one medium well and one well done. They said they couldn't do well done. The lady who answers was nice. I asked her if they were pre done idk why u can't make well done.  I understand chefs and there preference but I'm tryin to try your food and I'm the one buying it. so I never ordered there for lunch and can't tell you how it tastes.Big fan of the foodery (esp the northlibs location) but with this name, the Sansom location needs to step up their game. No complaints with the drink selection but the actual food was below
par (at least what I tried). With that said, environment is still a pretty chill spot.Increased star rating due to the massive good craft beer selection. Came in for the breakfast special - $6 for home fries, egg, cheese and pancetta sandwich with a peach cider. Hard to pass up that deal. The sandwich was just slightly better than mediocre and there was very loud sad hipster music playing. Aside from that, Great place to go if you are looking to try unique bottles. You can drink them there or mix and match a six pack to go.Don't let the name scare you off.  I read it at first and thought it was a Simpsons parody name.  But with tasty hoagies, a huge beverage selection, and plenty of space for a large group or intimate booth, I'm sold.  
The hostess explained this was "counter service"--which, I take it, means it's priced like a store with a deli.  So with hundreds and hundreds of beers to choose from at store prices, this is a great place to stop and pick-up a beverage (or two) for the evening.
The portions were fairly large and we deliberately over-ordered so we could try a number of different sandwiches.  They have a wide variety of cold Italian meats hoagies, which we tried and enjoyed but the highlight was the Porchetta hoagie--with a nice little kick to it courtesy of "long hots" (peppers).
Great way to enjoy a summer day.  I'm a fan.The Corner Foodery (1710 Sansom) is a great place to go with friends. The staff is cheerful and they seem happy. The bottled beer selection is epic, and they bring some tasty beer on tap.
The interior makes The Corner Foodery shine through, with what seems like solid wood tables, giving it that nice sleek natural look, it's a nice contrast against an ever mechanical, smoggy, techy city. A nice relief.
I've had the meatball, sausage and pepper, mortadella, tuna fish and egg, and prosciutto hoagies. All the sandwiches were very tasty, and exclusively unique except for the sausage and peppers, it was simply a well made sausage and pepper sandwich. The Tuna was amazing, but unfortunately it was too dry. I would avoid these two unless they have been updated. When they first opened they seemed to be putting Manchego cheese on one of their sams and it was amazing, I'm not sure which sandwich it was anymore, but anything with Manchego is a steal. The best I had was the prosciutto. The taste of the bread was great too, as it's essential to any great sandwich.
When I took my friends and family here they loved the sides/starters the most. I have to admit they are almost better than some of the sandwiches, so don't forget to try these. I recommend the Roasted Peppers with Pine Puts. Good stuff!This review is for the all you can eat crawfish on Thursdays!! $25 a person with UNLIMITED crawfish. So the flavor isn't as good as crabby cafe (the one in northeast) but for center city it is pretty decent. The staff was super willing to refill your crawfish and they were really great about taking our trash away. Super friendly!!! We came here before a concert in chinatown and got our fill of crawfish....8 refills...they probably thought we were disgusting but like I said it's pretty decent. Comes with corn, potato, sausage. You can ask them to just give you the crawfish though when you ask for a refill otherwise you're just filling your stomach with carbs. 
You go up and order and put your number at any open table. You can also leave your tab open and close it later (for drinks).This place is awesome for a boozy lunch or happy hour. They sell beer to-go and have beers on draft, so their beer selection is massive and awesome. Their sandwiches are also really good. While the sandwiches only come with chips, they do offer delicious wedge fries. Just have to get them separately. Sometimes, the available seating is tight, so get there early. I love this place especially because you can pound a few and then leave with a few. Solid setup.The weekend breakfast deal is awesome! For $6 you get a 8oz beer, home fries, and a choice of 5 or 6 sandwiches. I got the breakfast burrito which was really good. I also like the water station where you can get sparkling or regular.This was a super cute place to have some beers and meet up with a large group of friends.  I loved how many beer options there were and it was very refreshing to have a handoff waitstaff that didn't bug you every 10 minutes to see if you needed anything.  I would recommend this place for a chill date, a meet up with 10-13 friends, or just a solo outing where you are looking forward to sharing a beer with someone new.  Can't wait to return!Didn't try the food but the beverage selection in fantastic.We went to another recommended beer place and didn't receive very attentive service so left before we were given an opportunity to order (not sure we ever would have had our order taken).  After leaving that place we decided to check out this place and from the moment we walked in, I realized it was to our advantage the other place had been a bust.  The atmosphere is very laid back, the selection is vast and varied, and the staff is friendly and inviting.  We didn't eat any of the food, but I give them five stars for the great beer selection and welcoming environment/staff.This review is for the beer only. I did not have the food, though it looked good. 
Being from NJ and in Philly for the weekend, I was psyched that this place was right around the corner from where I was staying. I was looking forward to loading up on some beers that you can't get in NJ. The selection was indeed very good, and they had a lot of cool stuff. Problem was that maybe only 10% (or less) of what they had actually had prices on it (and it was just the stuff in the coolers that was marked). So when I brought 8 bottles of beer up to the register, I was floored to find it was going to run me $120. I had to ask the cashier which was the most expensive (I put that one back), and the second most expensive (that went back too), until I got down to "only" $50 for a mixed six pack. The process was not only somewhat humiliating but also annoying, as she seemed to be the only one working at the time and had to manage the phone lines too.
Moral of the story - if you go in knowing you will be (blindly) paying north of upscale bar prices at what appears to be a trendy deli, you'll do fine.
My last bit of advice for The Corner Foodery would be to add some kind of 3D signage outside that hangs off the building - its easy to miss if you aren't specifically looking for the place.Delicious and my sandwich came in a cute box with chips and pickle. Will definitely go back!I had the prosciutto/arugula flatbread and it was very interesting it was super flat bread almost like a cracker. It was pretty good. And the cheese fries were pretty awesome. Huge selection of beer, decent staff with self service sparkling and regular water available. Slightly above average place. Would be more between 3 and 4 stars.Food is ok. Mostly come here to drink and atmosphere. Great location, close to other bars. Amazing beer selection, you'll find what you're looking for!I went here last night with 2 friends for food and beer, and I was quite impressed.  There are maybe a dozen refrigerators with a very nice selection of bottles of all styles.  You can buy individually and drink them there (which we did) or get them to go.  The bottle prices were very competitive.  There were only a handful of draft offerings which weren't that impressive and weren't a very good deal based on the amount of beer you got for the cost.  So I would definitely say bottles are the way to go here.
Their food is also very good, seeming to mainly be high quality Italian sandwich, charcuterie, etc. offerings.  I got the Godfather sandwich which was quite good.
Lastly, the proprietor was extremely friendly and knowledgeable.  I would definitely come back.I live around the corner and its a running joke that I actually live here. I love taking people visiting from out of town to this place to grab some beer you can't find many other places. I tell people its expensive for a bottle shop, but cheap for a bar. You can get a beer for $4 that would cost you $8 at a bar, but its also easy to spend  more than $20 on a 6 pack that would probably be cheaper elsewhere. I like the 6 pack of the month special they have, where they select beers from a brewery each month and only charge $9.99 for the 6 pack. I don't really go here for the food, but my boyfriend loves the sandwiches.I really enjoyed The Foodery but my one complaint was lack of a really inspired bottle selection. The Foodery seems to have the standard craft beer offerings, and a lot of them at that, but finding something unique and obscure proves to be a bit more challenging. That being said, I did end up finding a can of Mass Rising IPA and bottle of Flower Power IPA, so that was a score.
Here is my main complaint, the service here is really lacking. I tried to ask the bartender for help on finding some local IPAs and he just shrugged me off. I don't know if its lack of training on the bartenders part or if he just didn't care, but a little bit of help would have gone a long way.
Food wise, the wife and I shared a Roasted Turkey sandwich. At $11, I actually thought the sandwich was reasonably priced.
Overall, I give my experience here  a C+/B-. The lack of service was a big drawback, sadly.Great spot for a weekend brunch! They offer an incredible $6 deal that includes a breakfast sandwich (of various types) or a breakfast burritos, served with some fried potatoes AND a free pour of whatever special they have that day is. Never overly packed, at least for brunch. Would recommendIt's a sandwich shop so it's not fine dining, but it's as good as a sandwich shop can get.  The Chicken and Broccoli sandwich was great.  The beer selection is fantastic.  I've had a ton of beer over the years and they had quite a few that I've still wanted to try.Awesome food.  The server was amazing but the owners were showing some signs of stress in front of customers.  Big orders should be exciting not awful for the business. Watched it work out with some team work but the stress didn't help get it done.Corner Foodery, the beloved downfall for my wallet and I love every penny of it. 
Every time I walk in, I feel my world go silent and the background noise becomes a blur. Theres something very comfortable about this space. I have never stepped in here and not have a staff member ask me within 3 minutes upon my arrival if I need any help. Everyone here is approachable and chill, full of suggestions that has never led me the wrong way. They take their time to look sth up for you, give you honest suggestions and work within your budget. I love it. The decor is cool and trendy. Although I have not tried the food yet, it looked delicious. But this place is about Beer, and theres plenty of that, being done right. Its true everything here costs a dollar more than other places but hey, its the location. You are few blocks away from the park and a ten minute walk from everywhere, so I am totally ok with it. I think they also do a 20% discount on a 6-pack of the same thing...
Kudos to Corner Foodery. You guys rock.I have been here a few times and really enjoy the relaxed ambiance of the place. The place is great for a group gathering - I've been here with a small group, 4-6 people, and a large group, 15 people, and both times the place was very accommodating. For a larger group, recommend you call ahead of time. 
The beer selection is unbeatable, and non-alcoholic choices are also available. I have never eaten here but my friends have and the portions are large and look pretty tasty.Great happy hour! Drafts were $3-4 and snacks were half price. The chicken wings were hot, fresh and super crunchy!For a quick beer this is the place to go, especially mid day, well, particularly mid day. If you want some grub, which the Sardine Grinder was great for, grubbin. Had the Sunshine Pils on draft, sat in a booth 5 minutes later the place was swamped by people. This is maybe 2:30 at this point, on a Saturday. Business suit sausage party rolled in. Now if my little fam and I strolled into that??? We out... so keep that in mind. Unless you were also hankering to test your patience in line standing... you little linestander you. The register [person] did a great job though. Not her first rodeo clearly. Business suit sausage rodeo as it were.Honestly, I just like the idea behind this place. It has a hip, pub feel. You can pick up beers from the fridges or get drinks on tap, and sit at one of the tables found to the left of the restaurant. The food is a combination of salads, sandwiches, and some unique offerings (like oysters) is definitely good for the cost. I would call it solid pub food that is very filling. It is a great place to meet up with friends after work or just hang out after a long day.loved it.. meatball subs and chicken wings were perfect.
Not a beer drinker now but delved into my past and some past favs. 
Would come here anytime in the area. Nice laid back place.One of my favorite lunch spots in the city. The milstein sandwich is my favorite, but you'll have to take a nap afterwards if you finish the entire sandwich.  Finding a seat may be a challenge if you're with a group but it is worth the wait.Probably the best selection of American craft beer in the city, impressively delicious sandwiches, outrageously attractive staff and brilliant musical backdrop make this spot the premier destination for beer lovers in Rittenhouse.This is my go-to place to buy beer, get some (fresh, here/home-made!) food...or just hang out at the bar.
I'm just a tourist here, but since my friend showed me this place I'm here everytime I'm in the city.
Monk's and Dirty Franks are also nearby. HEAVEN!!Excellent extensive assortment of beer to choose from with a mix-a-6 option (pay per beer - no set prices). They also have a special where a certain breweries 6-packs are discounted every week. Small sized bar / multiple seating booths. Lunch time order up at the bar and grab a number. Behind bar also has multiple draft beers for sale. Menu includes sandwiches, hoagies, and burgers. Pork with broccoli rabe was too food to pass up.I was working late from home and in the mood for a vegetarian meal.
Tony's Big Deal: 1/2 The Swan sandwich (artichokes, oven dried tomatoes, eggplant, portabella mushrooms, mozzarella, basil) & a 1/2 kale caesar salad
Special requests by me: Please send pickles if you have some.
The half sandwich size was perfect and the vegetables were fresh on a sesame seed bun.  Kale salad was fresh and dry in a good way.  The caesar dressing was a little on the heavy side for me, a little mayo-y (I love mayo in general) but still good.  
They also deliver mix and match gourmet cheeses and meats.  For $4.  Are you kidding me?  I don't know how I'm going to avoid gaining fifteen pounds in the very near future.
Summary: Great fresh vegetarian food delivered to deep south phillyThe best beer selection in center city Philly . I can't complain about the prices since they offer a discount on 6 packs and allow you to take out just singles . The happy hour 2 dollar drafts make this place the spot for happy hour but I like coming here before happy hour too. If you like beer and cider just go .This place is such a hidden gem.  Amazing beer selection AND the best food.  I'm italian and I'm used to good cutlet sandwiches growing up, but this place NAILS in. In love. I really love you, Corner Foodery.I came to Corner Foodery a few times.  I love it for the beer selection it offers.  Half of the store is a wall of bottled beers from so many different breweries.  You can mix and match a six pack.  A great place to try new beers.
I've eaten here as well for lunch.  You order at the cashier and they bring the food out to you at the table.  The Godfather is a hearty sandwich, which I got on a seeded roll.  I tried the burger another time.  I asked the woman at the counter how it's normally cooked and she said medium rare.  Great..But when I actually got the burger, it was definitely cooked well done.  How unfortunate since the flavors of the burger were well thought out.  The fries were nice and peppery though.good spot for awesome beer selection, can be hard to have a conversation in 
great food for a good price especially during happy hourAt first glance, the Corner Foodery might seem just like the other Philly bottle shops, just more conveniently located.  But no, they do it better.  
Yes, there are several refrigerator cases overflowing with varieties of beers from all over the world (okay, mostly the US, Belgium, and Germany, but still...).  There are also beers on tap.  There are dark-wood booths, tables (including a couple outside), and counters at which to enjoy one's selected brews (because, seriously, you can't just have one here).  They also have a bunch of televisions which were thankfully on mute and playing a variety of programs no one was interested in. 
There are various foods available, including charcuterie meats and cheeses.  I sampled the sardine sandwich and the veggie sandwich.  Sardine sandwiches are difficult to do well.  That's probably all that needs to be said about that (they tried...).  The veggie sandwich, though, was a toothsome sesame-seed roll deliciously full of well-seasoned grilled eggplant (and yummy friends; the best kind to eat), topped with fresh mozzarella and seasoned roasted tomatoes.  Sandwiches come with sides of chips and a pickle spear, if you care.
But what sets this place well apart and above its competitors (other than the already mentioned super convenient location) is the self-serve water bar with water, ice water, and SELTZER (!), for the win.  
Bottles of beer run from under $3 to over $30, with a wide and excellent selection for under $10.  Sandwiches are about $10.  Staff is friendly and helpful.Uhh how many times can one walk by a place before strolling in? Apparently years. Shockingly happening for a Friday evening this joint combines a plethora of beer bottles and drafts to select from paired with a variety of deli style noms. I appreciated its low key style with essentially self service water station (including sparkling water like YAS!), pick and pay beer, and a ordering counter for food. The beer selection is varied both in style and price with different features drafts at the counter. Food items are mostly sandwiches, salads, soups, etc. I had the fish tacos which were stuffed with melt-the-roof-of-your-mouth-hot-tilapia fried filets topped with deliciously sour crunchy slaw and avocado. Plenty of hot sauce options at the table to plaster them in. Other food options like meatball subs, etc. looked equally hearty and reasonably priced. Lighting was dim and music was loud which gave it an overall bar feel but discreet tables allowed you to sit and hang with friends in small groups which getting up to grab a la carte items. High recommendation for a good place to start a casual evening with food, beverages and friendsWas in town on work and ordered delivery of 'The swan' to my hotel. 
The delivery service was quick. the sandwich was still nice and cold. I loved the freshness of the ingredients and the huge slices of mozzarella cheese and the fresh bread. The chips as side was very good too. 
Overall I loved the sandwich and the quick delivery. Will definitely order from here next time I am in town.I came in here on a hunt - for a delicious brew for myself as well as a gift for some beer lovin' buddies of mine from Denver. I was able to do both in one trip and for a fairly reasonable price. 
I won't say what I got - gifts being part of the whole thing and all. I can tell you, they were kind of special, very delicious, and not your run of the mill. I could have spent HOURS in there (I did spend an hour actually) browsing and tempting myself with all kinds of goodies. If you aren't a beer person they also have a pretty decent selection of ciders and sour beers as well. 
If you are looking for a 6 pack they had (on a Monday) 10% off a mixed 6-pack and 20% off of a regular 6-pack.  
II'll be back... often.I have yet to try the Corner Foodery's food, which looks and smells delicious, but I feel compelled to talk about them anyway. Their bottle selection is enough to give them five stars in my heart. You can make your own six-pack or open a bottle/have a draft beer there. I've done the latter on two occasions recently.
My inaugural visit was with a group of fellow Yelpers following the December YEE. We took up some tables and it was all great fun. More recently, I visited with a friend and sat at the bar area.
I was on the lookout for a specific beer at the time -- the Stone Enjoy By 2.14.15. For some reason, I was having terrible luck finding it in stores. I asked the guy working if they happened to have it. At first he said he didn't think so, but then he walked away and came right back holding what he said was the last one. I thought that was some awesome service and I was super-super excited for the bomber of fantastic beer.
So, yes, this place is great and I plan to continue stopping in when possible.Just came into town from boston for work, and found this gem next to my airbnb. The sandwich was pretty darn good the sesame bun was fresh, and the local beer worth trying (even for a work lunch) :)The Foodery is a great place to browse a solid selection of beer, and drink it onsite. The menu is also full of delicious food options, but priced around $10-$12, depending on what you get. On my last visit, I ordered a beet salad for only $8 and it was nicely presented, freshly flavored, and had an exciting variety of beets. The sandwich portions are also enormous here, and I think they give you your money's worth. This isn't a place for a daily lunch, because you will end up broke and drunk, but I think it's a great spot to check out, nonetheless!YUM! I hardly know where to start. I had the most bizarre sandwich--fish and cauliflower (just saying it made my friend retch)--but it was absolutely delicious. If you can't find something you like to drink in their fridges, then you're not thirsty.I'm very excited about this place. THEY HAVE BEER. LOTS of it. And they have some good drafts as well, it's like an American buvette. 
I had a mortadella sandwich with vinegar and mozzarella with a Docks IPA, and it was quite delicious. Nice little cafe, and the staff seem friendly. 
Again, THEY HAVE BEEEEER.I've been itching to sample a Sammie from this semi new establishment on Samson & Thanksgiving week was my Oppourtunity to do so with my mate! 
For an appetizer we split the mozzarella cheese ball that was warm, soft and comforting. Served with some sort of chip for dipping however we both ate the ball of cheesy goodness with fork & knife ;-) We both ordered our own Porchetta sandwich which was as delish as the reviews raved. Long hots, broccoli rabe & melted provolone over pork! Rolls were soft on the inside and crisp on the out. Fresh Fresh Fresh! We split a bottle of grand Crüe & then each had a beer on tap to wash it all down. I believe it was the owner that stopped by with free chocolate cheesecake  desert #bonus. 
Priced accordingly. Total bill came to $54: 1 app, 2 Sammie's, bottle of Grand Cru & two tap beers. 
We'll be back! Beer selection (to go!) is off the charts.Excellent Italian-themed hoagie menu (although you can get whatever you want) with the Foodery's selection of beers! Self-serve water and silverware. I had a Godfather (I think it was prosciutto, sharp provolone, lettuce, onions, tomato. Excellent roll, and I was offered a bevy of dressings/condiments (oregano, oil, mayo, chili sauce, etc.). My companion got  an excellent sardine sandwich. Although his came on a kaiser, my Godfather was enormous - I had it for dinner as well.
In and out in 30 minutes, but could have stayed as long as we wanted.This is a great place to grab a drink and some lunch. Everything is yummy and the beer selection is huge! We had a great time and will totally go back.How can you go wrong with this place if you like beer?  You can't! This place is the best place to get an affordable beer of your choice. I visit here every time I come to Philly. Only question I have is why isn't it packed every time I go. But I am glad it's not.One of my favorite places in the city to go for a quick bite and some beer. I live on the same block as it so I come here pretty often. It's a cute casual date spot, highly recommend it if the person you're seeing enjoys beer. When you first walk in, you'll see the whole right wall lined with refrigerators of beer. Pick out what you want to drink now orrrrrr on the left they have non-refrigerated options in case you aren't consuming/going home right away. 
Once you've picked out your libations, go up to the counter and order yourself some of their amazing food. I love coming here on the weekends for their Kegs & Eggs brunch (believe it's 11-3 on weekends). You can order off their special K&E menu and then you get a 9oz beer (whatever they have on tap) for only $6. Um. Hello!!?!? That's a freakin steal. My favorite is the breakfast burrito. Currently eating one from my bed as I write this review. Yummmm leftovers. 
The place is cool inside, TVs to watch games, plenty or seating (both indoor & outdoor). The staff here is super nice. Whenever I need help looking for a beer, they always help me with what I'm looking for. 
Just beware, as there aren't a lot of places to buy good beer in the city, the prices at Corner Foodery can be high. (But then again, it's no surprise that the city jacks up the price of alcohol)
Price aside, love foodery 5/5.How have I not left a review?! I've been 4 times and this place is amazing. It's one of the best happy hours in the area. I love their flat bread and fries. I really like that I can try new beers at happy hour prices. The best part is when you can leave with a mix of new brews. It's like a beer bouquet to take home and they only last a few days. :) The happy hour was only insanely busy one time I went there. The other times I got a seat no problem. This place is great!Wasn't terrible, but the sandwich (the Milstein) was below average. Chicken was coldish and the breading kinda fell off.  The chicken also had a strange texture like when you wish you had cooked it longer.  Sorry guys, sounded good but left a ton to be desired. In all honesty when someone opens a food store, creates a dish and tastes it why do they sell it if it isn't one of the best they have ever had? Just try again until you find what you do well, your customers will appreciate it. Small rant over. I would like my $12 (expensive) back. Can't recommend you go.Great place!! Major selection for the average beer drinker  Nice place to hang out with friends and catch some breeze. A bit small and intimate place...Cheers!!I've come here now for both beer to take out as well as their food to eat in, and I must say that this is a great new addition to the neighborhood!
They have an awesome selection of beer that comes at a price (but well worth it). We picked up a delicious IPA one night to take to dinner and were very happy with our purchase. It was one of those fancy beers that comes in a wine bottle and was just under $20 (yikes!), but it was perfect for our special occasion.
Another time, my boyfriend and I came for brunch on a weekend. I was pleasantly surprised that they have a great breakfast special -- $5 for a breakfast entree and a 9 oz beer. I got the breakfast burrito which was delicious. My boyfriend wasn't in the mood for breakfast food, so he got a meaty sandwich that he was really happy with. Their sandwich prices are a little steep (around $10), but if you come Mon-Thurs during lunch, they'll give you a free beer with it.Cheapest place to drink fantastic beer in center city. 
Amazing eats.  No you're not getting full service resteraunt waiter but instead you get to chill as a long as you want.  I brought my birthday party there and everyone just grabbed their beers & food as they went. Fun chill and easy.I visited this place two times. The food is average but a really great beer selection. It is selfi service for food an drinks.
You really get a beer from all over the world. Also some German beer specials e.g. Bamberger "Schlenkerla" (smoky and taste like a bacon)Awesome place a tiny bit pricey but worth every penny me and my girlfriend got sandwiches a beer and warm mozzarella to share 30$ casual place great for hangouts highly recommendedPlace hit the spot. Great clam chowder, really good burger, and some good veggie choices.I've been here for sips and then came back a separate occasion for regular food/drinks. 
Sips- good mixed drinks. I had one that was lavender infused gin lemonade that was really tasty ($5) and they had a great section of draft beer. Also their apps were half off and a nice snack. 
I went back for non sips the following week because I was interested in their massive bottled beer section. They have a lot here- I mean A LOT and they're very fairly priced. I also had a burger which was pretty good- nothing incredibly special about it but good enough. I would say it's a pretty average place, but difficult to find a place to sit, even for 2 people. Also pretty noisy. 
I would say for a take out 6 pack, this place kills. Great selection and good prices. Food wise, it's average.My friends and I stopped in to grab a quick beer to start our Saturday night. Beer pricing was pretty good (we only got one beer each). The selection was great, lots of different beers. There's a lot of space to sit, we grabbed a table easily. There's also outdoor seating which is nice. We didn't eat when we went, but I plan to come back to try something soon. Overall it was a great experience and I will definitely come back!The burger was very, very tasty, I was pretty bummed that they only cook it medium-well, because if that burger was a little pink inside it really would have been something else. The beer selection is what takes this place over the top. They had the Kriek Cherry lambic that I haven't seen any other places carry.Stopped in for a beer after the Oyster House. Huge selection! I had a Sofie. Cute place would totally go back when in the area.This place rocks! Can't wait to come back. Great beer, great food, great staff. On Saturdays and Sundays they have a "kegs and eggs" special for $6. It includes a breakfast sandwich, home fries and a 9 oz beer. SIX DOLLARS. You can not beat that. It should be double that price, so you just saved yourself $6 of your hard earned money. Good work.I was so sad when the boutique that used to be in this location closed, and the space languished, sad and empty. When signs showed a new tenant, I was thrilled and intrigued to find out what the space would become - and from what little I've seen now that The Corner Foodery has opened, I'm happy to have their addition to my neighborhood.
The space itself is GORGEOUS - I'm a sucker for dark, all wood interiors. The long wall of beverage fridges glows with the gems of craft beer bottles (and cans), with a fantastic selection of hard ciders and even a nice variety of Gluten Free beer! Far more than at other places I've been to. The prices per individual bottle seem about the same as other businesses in the area, but The Corner Foodery will clearly distinguish themselves because of all of the beer tastings (and most seem FREE!) that seem to be a near weekly occurrence. I will definitely be checking out those events asap.
I didn't get any food on this visit (I had just been to Federal Donuts). The menu is mostly sandwiches, both hot and cold, and the prices seem reasonable (of course tasting will prove whether or not that is true). I'll have to drag my fiance in so that he can try their various sandwiches out. Meanwhile, I can now easily get my Doc's Draft fix - in apple, pear, AND apple-raspberry!Cam one for lunch and will definitely come back. Got soup (tomato bisque) and a sandwich (hot turkey) and was impressed.  Like the counter service and all the beverage options. Friendly and helpful staffStopped by here during beer week for their crawfish extravaganza and fell in love with the place.  First off, they have a massive selection of single bottles and if you live nearby you should get there now!  A great selection which would quickly become by go-to and will be a great alternative to Hawthornes if I'm ever in that area of town.   
Onto the food....we went for the $25/person crawfish boil with shrimp, sausage, clams, corn, potatoes...the works, oh yes.  Oh and two beers each...you can't really go wrong!  I can't wait to go back and sample their amazing-sounding sandwiches...probably a good thing this place isn't closer to me...Very cool little place! I love the decor and the vibe. They have so many bottled beers ready to be viewed in 6 pack style store that you can buy individually or as a mixed pack. They have a few beers on tap but I would think if you are a drinker the bottles would be more enjoyable. Most are priced fairly reasonable but some were more expensive then others. They also had a nice bottled selection of flavored waters and soda for non drinkers. 
I've never seen a bar water bar, but they have one and it's free. Cold, room temp, or sparking on tap. I like the appearance and that you can grab a glass for yourself.
The menu looked great but I didn't order food this visit. Lots of fun finger foods with a firmer twist. I'll head back and try them next time!
They had a few large omg tables if you head out with a larger group!Great bottle selection with prices that seemed in-line with the quality of beverages and the location. Food seemed pretty good and a few unique offerings, though nothing struck me as amazing. Definitely a good stop in you are in the area and want to enjoy a good beer.
One piece of advice to non-locals: 'long hots' = big spicy peppers. I learned that the hard way.So excited after one visit here!
But, ouch did this seems a bit expensive? Seemed like all the individual beers I got were between 3.50-5 dollars, but maybe I just unknowingly picked more expensive beers. That said this place has tons of potential, lots of space to sit and drink, in a good part of town. A big, diverse beer selection, some interesting taps, looks like they'll have a legitimate food menu with sandwiches and more.
Everyone was very nice, there was only a small crowd but it was early on opening day. I can't overstate how impressed I am with this place. Pennsylvania at large is crippled by pretty tough regulations on liquor distribution so creativity in being able to market alcohol is limited. This is wildly successful especially given the political construct.So many beer choices. So little time. 
Stopped in to grab a six pack, and was shocked by how many choices there are!!! ok, they are pretty pricey (A dogfish head t'weason ale was 4.50) but for the variety, its a great find. The roomies and I just explored for a few minutes, but the menu looked amazing (will definitely be back to try that), and THEY HAD A WHOLE FRIDGE OF CIDERS AND GLUTEN FREE(hence the 5 stars despite the exorbitant prices)! here in philly it is tremendously hard to find variety in gluten-free/beer alternatives and this place has got 'em! They have many different flavors of cider, and so many types I haven't tried yet, i can't wait to taste them all. 
The ambience and interior here is awesome as well. very fun industrial chic/ hipster restoration kinda look (lots of exposed wood etc) plus they actually had interesting to look at quality art work on display instead of the crappy stuff you normally see on average the restaurant/coffee shop wall gallery. The soundtrack to cry baby was playing when we were there, and when I mentioned I love the movie the clerk got excited I knew it and yes, over all, love it and want to make this a regular adventure place!I'm going to be honest when I say that I have not consumed any food at The Foodery, but I come here often for drinks with friends, and I absolutely adore this place. Every time we come, we are always greeted in a friendly manner, get a chance to scan the coolers of beers (holy selection), and then order from the draught list. The bartender/cashier person has always been helpful in selecting beers, and this is what I most appreciate - helping person make excellent choices while not being pretentious about beer (something I find at other places). I've never had I beer I didn't like from this place, and the ambiance is perfect for anything from a date to a casual hang with friends.Short review: Food & Friends minus groceries plus long-rolled Italian sandwiches.
Okay, can whoever makes these decisions please start naming these places differently?  So, Corner Foodery has the beer selection of Food & Friends, but better than regular Foodery.  Better than Corner Bakery, which is actually a nice chain lunch option for non-tubular sandwiches if you have one nearby, and no real relation to The Corner but I'll throw that in as well for effect.  
Plus they list the beer prices which is huge because I don't have time to be a beer nerd and study this crap, yet still want to try something new and weird when I get the chance.  So you have 5-stars already.
Now on top of this they have beer on tap.  A small yet mighty list.  And what I will call "adult combo meals", which is a sandwich and a beer.  A smallish beer, but if it's Friday and you work nearby and want to throw one down during your lunch hour this is just perfect.  Not so big you have to chug it, then be tired the rest of the afternoon thinking oh man that beer was nice at the time with my spicy coppa but now maybe I can get away with putting my head down for one second on my desk because it would feel so so good and oh god I'm rambling I need a coffee goddammit how long til happy hour...
...not that I've ever had that monologue going through my head.  But I figure you'd want to avoid this situation, right?
Also, free water.  Like Shake Shack, with the good pour system that makes the water taste extra nice.  Except here you can get sparkling too, which is kinda cool if you're European or whatever.WARNING: I came in early Friday night (7pm) for takeout beer. 
I imagine this would be a great place to drink it here and hangout with your friends because the prices are great compared to bars you can sit at, but unfortunately I can only speak for the takeout. They also play loud music like bars, too. 
There was a kid (12-15) here trying to sell candy bars, which was hilarious. 
The selection of domestic craft beers is average, but they have more international beers than delis that sell individual bottles, so I guess it's cool here if you're into that. 
At checkout, the cashier asked if I wanted it for here or to go, so I guess you can buy a bottle/can and then hangout here. I imagine that's a great deal due to atmosphere and charging less money than bars (bars are usually $5 or $6, but domestic craft bottles and cans here are $3-4 depending on what you get). 
I'd come back to hangout, but would not return for takeout due to prices.OH yea this is the place that had my favorite beer of all time....PUMKING....sandwiches were good but that beer!!!??
and be sure to add that extra pepper onto your sandwich, everything changesExtensive bottled beer selection with a bunch of good beers on draft. Fantastic sandwiches. One of my favorite places to grab some lunch and a yummy beer with a friend or 4.First impressions can leave lasting ones, whether positive or negative.  This spot left one on the latter side for my bf and me.  We went here today after an employee of a retail store nearby boasted about this place, and so we decided to check it out.  
Hmmm... let's just talk about the service since that's what is really grinding my gears about this place.  THERE. WAS. NONE.
It was near empty and yet no one greeted us, asked us if we needed help or any other kind of courteous gesture to help us first-timers out, even when we asked for it!
I do have to say that they do carry a crazy amount of craft beers most sold as single bottles and we did leave with several bottles of seasonal beers. They do offer a 10% discount on a 6 pack and a 20% discount if you buy a 6 pack of 1 kind of beer.  (And why shouldn't they?!  Their mark up is a bit ridiculous)
It's too bad that their service gave us such a bad taste in the mouth, because their food menu did look somewhat appetizing.
Oh well Foodery, we won't be back because of today's experience.  And we'll most likely reminisce about it when we're back in the 'hood.There's nothing I love more than a perfectly crafted sandwich. I think that this place definitely has potential, but I wasn't too impressed with my sandwich.  It sounded amazing on paper (as did every other menu item), but was surprised that the flavor just wasn't there. 
The Milstein: 
Chicken cutlet, sharp provolone, broc rabe, stewed peppers, and long hots.  The seeded bread was really good, but I felt that the rest of the sandwich was just...bland. Plus, they basically plop all of the veggies right on top instead of tucking it into the sandwich. First bite into that broc rabe and everything skids right off.  
I like heat-so this is not a complaint: that long hot pepper packs some serious heat. Just FYI.   The other menu items look really good, so I'll surely give this place another shot. Plus the beer selection is no joke, and you can make your own 6 pack.When the Foodery and the Corner get together and have a love child you have to make like Seinfeld "You gotta see the Bay-Bee!". Well I saw that baby today and it was glorious! This place is a a great concept and definitely has a lot going for it as far as ambiance, location and some solid food and beer selections. My co-worker and I split the Porchetta and The Milstein sandwich. Both were solid choices and built upon some solid rolls that can stand on their own. Keep up the good work guys and I'll be back around soon for some brews!Corner Foodery is my favorite place (okay okay, it's tied with Food&Friends) to get beer to go.  The bartender/cashiers know their stuff and I am never disappointed after partaking in one of their recommendations.
Today I stopped here for sips.  It was a fantastic scene, with tables inside and outside, and a lively crowd of 20-somethings.  I sampled the drafts on the menu for sips, but since I don't like pilsners, I ended up going with an IPA.  The spirit drinks were premixed sugary punch, on which I also passed.
Friends I met at the bar got the parmesan chili popcorn - and none of us liked it because it was unacceptably soggy.  I don't know what happened.  Something involving butter, most likely.Checked this place out on a recent lunch break on a weekday for a quick sandwich. As you first walk in, you are greeted by many cases of beer and then a relatively large seating area by the side and a bar in the back, with some 80's and early 90's pop playing in the background. The crowd around 2 pm seemed to be small groups of guys in their mid-twenties, early thirties with a few couples.
I ordered a poached tuna with seeds for take-out and was surprised at the friendliness of service. While I usually get snark for asking questions, the man behind the desk was super nice in handling my order. If you like salty, the poached tuna was amazing and was more than enough for two hearty meals. I wouldn't hesitate to try more on their menu and bring my friends back.The wings are really good and half off at happy hour. Beer selection is incredible and the space is a nice place to hang out after a long day.this place has good food and an awesome beer selection but the 6packs are insanely overpriced. im from state college where u can get a 6 pack of troegs for 11 to 13 bucks... here it was 17. their system seems a little off as most hetti beer pCks run u over 20 bills. i kno the beer is that dank but dang son no 6er shuld b 26 bills yaundastandmeBest place for food and craft beers. Was walking by and thank god I stopped in. The fridge of beers is a mile long. This is really one of the best beer bars in philly!!!Wow, add this to the Rittenhouse food destination list for lunch, happy hour or late-night bar food. The 500+ individual beer bottle selection combined with the incredible gourmet sandwiches showcases philly's food scene at its finest. 
Just when I thought they couldn't outdo their talk-of-the-town meatball grinder, I tried the mortadella, mozzarella, fried egg and balsamic heaven on a sandwich bun. Now I can't wait to try everything they have to offer.
I'm also I intrigued by the charcuterie and cheese list. The Corner would be the perfect relaxed and hip setting for snacks and beer.  I think they're open until midnight on weekends which is much needed in the Rittenhouse area.Top notch sandwich and craft beer spot.
Awesome concept where they have huge fridges of craft beer selections.
Must try their signature sandwiches:
- Porchetta
- The Milstein
- Bambino Bianco
Sandwiches come with chips and a pickle on the side.Brunch deal on Sundays is a steal: $6 for breakfast sandwich or burrito, which come with home fries and a 9oz draft beer! Will definitely be back. 
Also, for beer lovers, their monthly deal on 6-packs is awesome - currently only $9.99 for a 6-pack of lagunitas!
Tip: Also can get the breakfast burrito made as a salad by putting it in mixed greens. Tasty!Wow, talk about a great sandwich! I got the Porchetta, which is pork, broccoli rabe, provolone, and long hots - a Philadelphia classic. I've had many versions of this sandwich, but this was definitely one of the best. Not soggy at all, and ridiculously flavorful. Honestly, I'd take this over DiNic's, where the long wait just does not justify the soggy sandwich.. 
This is not really a place you go just for the food, but their food is pretty great. I'll definitely be back.
Oh, also the people were very friendly, and it's a cool atmosphere.I went to the Foodery recently with a friend. When we walked in the gentleman behind the register didn't pay any attention to us. I just thought maybe he didn't see us however after looking at the menu for some time he still did not help us at all. My friend said hello to him but he just nodded his head and kept doing what he was doing. I did not feel welcomed here at all. I use to go here all the time a year or two ago and loved their soups and sandwiches but after that interaction I realized this place is not for me or my friends anymore. It's sad because he was intentionally being rude to us.Amazing place for beer and good conversation. Just grab a beer from the fridge, pay at the cash register, seat yourself, and chill. Broadest selection of beers in Philly that I have seen.Quick service and great food. Atmosphere was relaxing and uncrowded at lunch time. Would definitely recommend this place for a quick lunch or beer!I like the concept of this place and the selection of beers is alright. But the entire appeal to me is to keep the drinks cheap. That used to be easy to do until they stopped posting prices of the beers in the case. I grabbed a beer that I hadn't heard of - it rang in at $13 for a 12oz! Before I had the chance to say whoa, let me just pick something else the bartender popped it open and said, "too late." I won't be coming here anymore.do yourself a favor and EAT IN, do NOT order delivery.
We ordered delivery last night and the sandwiches arrived on stale bread with literally one slice of meat and one slice of cheese. We were actually embarrassed for them, since we've dined in before on several occasions and had a good experience.
diasppointing! We won't order delivery from them again.When you're hungry right after work but don't want bar food... Come here for a sandwich and beer. Nice seating, vast beer selection. Counter to order is small and can get crowded and confusing at lunch. Careful to note which sandwiches have hot peppers - they're very spicy!I've been a regular customer at the Foolery. However, I've since learned they are highly disrespectful of their customers' time and money. They lie about their hours. They also treat you terrible when it's your birthday. I won't be going back again. 
When the Pope was in town, I called four hours in advance to confirm they would be open until their claimed time of midnight. I needed to purchase about 20 beers for an event (my birthday afterparty on a rooftop), and I needed to do it between 11:30 and midnight on Friday. I showed up with my friends at 11:45 and they were closed. In addition to being closed, they were very rude about it (intentionally drinking a beer in front of me and avoiding conversation) while they should have been apologetic. They lied to me about their hours and then failed to properly and effectively deal with the situation.
I won't go back again for two reasons. 1) If this is how they deal with mistakes, this is also probably how they deal with issues with their food (avoid the problem and hope it goes away) and 2) they lack the sensibility to follow through on their hours, meaning you never know if they will be open even after calling ahead and confirming.Eating a porchetta right now... It is tasty, but they need to chop up the broccoli rabe. It has the texture of tough asparagus. Also got the tomato bisque, which is stupid good. Cool atmosphere...Great beer selection. Excellent prices for the beer quality. Cool vibes. Often free beer samples. Food is good. Definitely recommend.The service is lacking unfortunately. The issue being a manager named Denis! I have been here multiple times and made friends with the workers, Denis has been the negative side of this establishment. Being multiple times he has made me and many others feel unwelcome. I've spent plenty of time and money at this place until I started getting word (from his other employees) of him not wanting the minority youth at this location. And actually dealt with him myself. Where once he figured it was fine for him to speak to me a customer as if I was working for him or even lesser of a person then him. He has told me not to walk away from him as if he was my parent also used vulgar language! Very poor people skills/customer service and I have since refrain from spending my money at this establishment and I'd suggest you should too!This review is purely based on their beer costs.  $17.19 for a 6 pack of IPA cans is excessive.  I was only trying to spend about $10 or so.  Another qualm I have is that out of the four times I've been there, two of those times they didn't have prices on their beer.  I don't own a store myself but I'm pretty sure that after unlocking the door and turning the lights on you should make sure your merchandise has prices on it.  I just think it's a shitty way to run a business by giving your customers a surprise at the register.I  liked the concept of the place. The food was good too, however, the menu was slightly confusing to me. We were in for a phili cheese-steak, which we had, yet it wasn't on the menu.
the staff at the counter weren't that helpful, professional yet no friendly.
As a place it's alrightish, would I go again? NoFridges lined with your favorite beer, can get anywhere from a single to a case. Kinda expensive, but it's Rittenhouse so what do you expect? It's really open and you can seat yourself. Good comfort food, and solid wings and fries.awesome selection of beers; reasonably priced for hte location and variety. my go to for beer pick ups.Love this place and love the people that work here.  The food is outstanding and they have a great selection of beer on tap.  If you can't find something on tap to drink, there's literally hundreds or bottles you can choose from to buy and drink right at the bar.  I've only been here twice, but they've made me feel like family and I will definitely go back every time I'm in Philly.  Justin the bartender and Francisco the cook are awesome!Usually the food is great but yesterday I got a chicken parm sandwich delivered (from ubereats) and the chicken had the consistency of old beef jerky. It was hard and chewy and I couldn't even eat it. Super disappointed.The Foodery is a place to stop if you want a few carry out beers or a good quick lunch. They have a wall of 17 glass refrigerator doors with sixes and singles of your favorite micro beers. 
Pickup lunch at the bar or grab a seat there and try one of the 10 or more drafts on hand. Eat at the white, marble top or a table in the dining room. 
Although I've been here numerous times for beer reconnaissance, this is my first time for lunch. Today, Dennis the bartender recommends the hot, roasted turkey sandwich with tomato bisque. I'm in.  
But first I sample the Dark City Shade Point Oatmeal Stout alongside Yards Washington Porter. The Porter wins, for robust flavor and lore. Apparently it was George Washington's favorite recipe. If you happen to have wooden teeth, it flows nicely over the choppers.
The Foodery is tucked away on Sansom, just around the corner from Sofitel and the Apple Store, a short block off the beaten path.I like that you can order at the counter and food is ready and brought out within 10 minutes. There is a good amount of options for sandwiches and salads. I order the cobb salad, and was a bit disappointed with the chicken. It had that wet/squishy/chemicaly, like the one you buy pre made in the super market. So for $15 it was a bit disappointing, I think the better option is to probably get one of the sandwiches there. I do like the atmosphere, super laid back and quick.BEER REVIEW: I didn't get a chance to try the food, but I did get a chance to take advantage of their massive bottle selection. If you're a beer lover or looking to fill out your Untappd, this is the place for you with over 600 beers available. If you can't find a beer here that you like then you'll never find one. Prices range from $3-6, a great value for the beers you have access to, and they're arranged in the cases by type for easy selection. Seating is limited and it fills up pretty quickly. Easy four stars based on the beer selection alone, and I'll be back to try the food.The sandwiches are fantastic and the beer choice is great but what I liked most was the laid back atmosphere and the self service. So no servers to bother you in the midst of your meal.Can we talk about The Corner Foodery for a minute? Not EXACTLY on the corner, but I'll forgive them for that due to the decadent sandwiches, the pretty solid selection of beer, and the water fountains. I'm getting ahead of myself, though.
Picture a beautiful Sunday afternoon, post-workout, and all you want is some sort of sandwich item and to hydrate like a maniac. Look NO FURTHER than TCF for pretty much all of your needs, and some you didn't even know you had. Weekend deal of the century: Kegs and Eggs. Something like, 5-6 bucks for a sandwich (featuring eggs), some homefries, and a 9 oz pour of beer (when I went it was Yards Brawler, though I've heard it can vary). I grabbed a sausage egg and cheese, sipped on my beer, and basked in the warm wooden booth and the glow of soccer flags all over the place. But then, the best thing happened. I found the water fountains. That's right, the fountainS. THREE options. Kinda cool, almost room temperature water, extra cold water, and SELTZER WATER. As a chronic hydrator.... I was in paradise. Chilly, bubbly, tepid.... OPTIONS!
When the sandwich and hashbrowns made their way to the table, I could hardly contain myself as I began to devour my sammy. The house fennel sausage was just off the chains. The eggs were fluffy and hot hot hot, and the cheese was melted to perfection. Honestly, I didn't even really need the bread, though it was tasty, and kinda just focused my dining on the other aspects of my meal. The hasbhrowns weren't anything to write home about, but there was ketchup and sriracha and THAT SELTZER WATER (not on the sandwich. just can't stop thinking about it.)
I'm mad at myself for not eating here before, only coming for a beer now and then. Can't wait to expose more folks to the glory of Kegs and Eggs, or sammies in general, from this fine establishment.GREAT selection of beers! I'm from San Antonio where we don't have options like this so I really enjoyed getting to check out the local beers along with names I recognized. Thanks for working hard to keep up the good selections!Last week I was in Center city walking to Suburban station to take the train back to NYC, and I  ended up at the Corner Foodery. 
The place feels like an upscale Italian Deli and has a huge selection of beers.
I ordered a roasted turkey sandwich to go. The sandwich was huge (it lasted me two meals, and I'm not a shy eater) and very tasty. I was particularly fond of the delicious rosted peppers. 
It's not cheap, but definitely worth the cost.To the man with the dark slicked back hair and mustache... please be nice to your employees.  As a person who has been the subject of a mean, unreasonable manager I felt bad for your workers. I heard you say "come on Blank! get it together!" while you were ringing up my beers. I did not appreciate your rude tone and neither did she.I would of given it four starts if it wasn't for the fact that the Caprise sandwich was a joke. My date ordered it and when we got to the park, and he opened I actually laughed at what he had gotten vs what he had paid for. It was a Caprise, but it was a sad, sad affair. All for ten bucks. My sandwich was better, but still not worth the cost. You are much better off getting a hoagie from Wawa and taking advantage of the mix-you-own-six-pack (which still seems to be a bit over priced. I just moved here from SF, so I am all to aware of being robbed for the price of a beer).I love this place ! It's conveniently located downtown, so great for picking up stuff to-go or just to pop in for some beers. If you choose to do a 6-pk of mix and match, you get a 10% discount, and if you do a 6-pk of the same beer, it's 20%.
Supposedly every Thursday during the warmer/hotter months, they do an AYCE crawfish boil for $25, but every time I've gone, they didn't.In most cases, you go to a restaurant for their food with drinks being an afterthought. Here, you go for their massive selection of beer with food being the afterthought. With that, Yelp brought me here when I was looking for a sandwich. When I realized what I had discovered, I never looked back. I've taken friends that are true beer lovers here and they've been amazed at the diverse selection available. This is a great place to spend a few hours sampling beers and food with buddies. A true gem!A large beer selection and the service is really helpful. There's lots of space on the side if you want to purchase a beer with friends and enjoy it. They offer glasses and even come by to the table to ask how everything is, which is really kind, considering you're just enjoying a beer that you purchased at bottle price ($2-4).I never realized until recently they have a full bar and tables to eat and drink here. The place is awesome. The food is cheap and delicious. Good beer selection, too. A fun place to chill. Highly recommendedThis place is expensive. I'd read it in the reviews, but somehow thought it wouldn't be too much of a shock compared to SF prices. That was before I saw cans of beer for $3-4. 
Anyway, I stopped by for lunch while an Eagles game was on. I tried the half meatball grinder, the warm mozzarella side, and the Parmesan popcorn. None of it was very good. The warm mozzarella was ok, but not warm. The popcorn tasted really stale.This place is really overrated on yelp.
The staff is hipster and aloof, and the food I tried was mediocre and overpriced. I got the meatball sub. For almost $12 with tax, it had 4 subway-sized meatballs, bland marinara, and a dry bun that was about 4 inches too long for the amount of meatballs on it. Kraft parm was sprinkled on top. 
My bad for coming here when I wasn't going to be drinking. The beer selection is solid. With a few beers in me, it wold be a solid 3 starsShockingly bad meatball sandwich. Very spicy meatball (like ample crushed red pepper spicy), that had zero texture, covered by a bland house-made marinara. 
The side salad, for $5, was disappointing. Don't give me browning, albeit slightly, and limp lettuce, god damn it. The finely sliced radish was a welcome treat, though. 
Not sure why I'm giving it two stars rather than one. Maybe it was the mediocre yet friendly enough service? Or the atmosphere? I'm sincerely at a loss. The food (insofar as the meatball sandwich and salad are concerned) is 1 star, no doubt, but the ambience seems ok.This is a great place to hangout. Good happy hour! I had a delicious flatbread and cab!Two behind the bar.  One sitting at the bar.   Simple?  You would think so.  Had to ask for another beer after waiting 10 minutes.   Beer was flat as was the experience.  They apparently feel they are doing the guest a favor.  Unfortunate.   There is a reason the foodery is quieter than Dandelion and it's not the beer.   Client service appears to be a "thing of the past".   Oh well.To be honest id give this place 4 stars if the prices where even in the ballpark of 'reasonable'. I get that it's In the Rittenhouse area, but a pre-packaged six pack of Nitro Milk stout, Brooklyn Summer Ale, and Bell's Oberon in no way should be $58. I normally only pay $35 for That same collection of 18 beers at other stores. 
The original price that came up at the register was $68, and I thought "that can't be right", and then a couple taps on the register and it dropped. But $58 still can't be right. I understand paying by the bottle for the mix and match 6ers, but to charge the standard six pack by the bottle as well seems insane. Won't be going back, and you shouldn't either.