Wasn't bad, but definitely not what I expected based on all the hype.  Honestly, being from South Louisiana, you get used to food with a bit of "flare" this was sort of boiled in water flavor bland.  Just my two cents.I went there to try the man vs food chall. And let me tell u first off there pretty damn good i travel 3 hours to have it and it was worth the whole trek the sandwich is $43 dollars  and well worth it i am proud to say MAN won this one i aced it , its def something u gotta be super hungry for..... After completion of the sandwich u get tge whole place giving you hi-5's and cgeering for you thats another part to being able to finish it all the support  but you get your picture taken for the hall of fam and you get a tony lukes t-shirt but you do not get your money back.... If u want your money back bring a friend and bet him the price of the sandwich u can finiah it..... I seriously can't wait till i go back but i dont need to do the challange again b cuz my pics on the wall already i have nothing else to gain b cuz i shmacked it 
 Thank you all sincerly shmacktasticWe were really hoping this place would be as great as reviews, Food Network, etc. have made it out to be. Their cheese steak meat didn't taste very good when eaten as not part of the sandwich (a piece fell out & I ate it). It was overly greasy. Their roast pork with broccoli rabe & sharp provolone was "meh". The pork had no real flavor. The best part about it was the roll it was served on & the cheese. Wouldn't bother to eat there again. Disappointed yet again!Visiting Philly from Atlanta I happened to stop by Tony's and I must say they were awesome. I had the cheesesteak and it was the best I ever tasted. The line was out the door but moved quickly.  The bun was soft yet had a nice crisp when you bit into it. The steak was tender and flavorful. I added sweet peppers which gave it another level of flavor. The only reason this is not 5 stars is that the cheese fries had WAY too much cheese and not enough fries. The give you a cup of fries and it looks like they laddeled Cheese Wiz in it and shook it once. Definitely worth another visit overall!!Not sure what all the fuss is about...small cheesesteak, served by an unhappy staff.  It's really nothing special; not sure why people wait in line for their food.  The sub roll is just OK and there is far too little steak and cheese on the sub.  I've been to all the so-called great places for cheesesteaks in Philly (Geno's, Pat's, Jims, etc) and they are all average at best.  If you want a great cheesesteak, I recommend driving away from the city and going to Ray's Pizza in Lansdale.  It's out of the way for sure, but sometimes, getting the best is worth some extra effort.  Ray's is head-and-shoulders better than the Philly establishments.I would have given this place 5 stars for ONE of the sandwiches I had but we tried their cheesesteak with spinach and it was not so great. The spinach was tasteless and the steak was very tough and fatty. HOWEVER the pork and Broccoli Raab was delicious!!!!! Should have just ordered two of those.Cheesesteak had no taste to it , roll sucked they can bake them on site all they want my roll was split in half after two bites !!!!!
Service rude slow down register lady u work there u don't own it !! N the girl handing u the food looked like a zombie , take another while ur working ,,, fry were good , and the inside out was good 1.5 starsssssssI'm sorry I went there and wasted my time and money.  Never again.
I went to see what the fuss was all about.  I arrived at 4 PM on a Sunday and there was no line, so I got to order right away.  They told me they were out of fries (what fast food place runs out of fries before dinnertime?!), that the sausage and peppers sandwich was considered breakfast (since when?! nobody else does!), and then I had to wait 30 minutes for 2 chicken parm sandwiches. 
When I finally got them, they were lukewarm and the chicken was overbreaded and way too thin to sink your teeth into.    The bread they used was too soft to add any texture and its flavor was flat.  Two mediocre sandwiches and a soda for $19...hardly worth the trouble.  Just ridiculous.
Don't waste your time or money here.  I can think of three better places if you want a chicken parmesan sandwich in this town.Tony Luke's makes my favorite cheesesteak so I will never give it less than four stars, but I have to admit I was not overwhelmed by this particular shop. 
The small restaurant is tucked under i95 in South Philly outside of the stadiums, and it looks like a hole in the wall. Aesthetics do not impact my review at all in this case because, let's be real, if you're looking for an authentic Philly cheesesteak, you're not looking for some art-laden building designed by Mies van Der Rohe. I came for the food.
The busy store served the line quickly, which impressed me. As per my usual, I ordered a cheesesteak, whiz wit (that's whiz cheese with fried onions). Of course, the cheesesteak was delicious and I ate every bit, but compared to other TLs I have tried, I thought this one was subpar (mind you, par is very high here). The toasted roll was a little too hard, and the meat a little tough. I could have stood for a little more whiz as well. 
Still, I love Tony Luke's, and I will be a fan girl of their food for my entire life.Great cheesesteaks. Drove 3 hours just to try this place and was not disappointed. I don't have any negative things to say about the place. It's a cheesesteak spot that really gives you that feeling of being in Philadelphia. The staff works fast and efficient and really makes the cheesesteak delicious and tasty with every bite. The waffle fries aren't bad either. I would recommend this place to everyone.  If I know a friend that's driving through Philadelphia I always recommend it.To date, this is the best cheesesteak i have had so far, Pats and genos are very good subs but this is a new level of good. Great slow roasted beef smotherd in cheese and the fact that you can get other goodies besides just cheese and onions on your sub makes this sandwich hard to beat.  Definitely worth the long line. This is a must have if you are ever in the neighborhood.Location: It's an Uber ride from downtown area. I wouldn't wander around the area after my meal, but I'm not from Philly.
Restaurant: It's straight forward. They have yellow humming lights covering the outdoor seating, it gives the feel of being at the county fair, but doesn't do anything to complement the food. 
Food: Messy, gooey and delicious. It was better than I expected and I finished the rest of my girlfriends sandwich as well. Onions, mushrooms, cheese and steak everywhere.
Overall: I was told that it was the best by my Uber driver and I didn't have the chance to try the competition. It was a fun finish to a long day and they are open late 2a on weekends. I don't know if I would do it again as I've had better sandwiches but it was a worth-it experience for an out-of-towner.Best cheesesteak I have had in Philly so far.  Location and space are quintessential to a great cheesesteak experience, which Tony Luke's nails.  The steak was not dry and came out extremely fast.  Definitely the place to go if you want the real deal.Definitely must try, have a lot of options here, but I would prefer Pats Steak house over this...Holy hell this place is amazing! 
Thank you yelp and the interwebs for finding us this gold mine. This was our first stop in Philly after getting off the plane from MN. Talk about starting things out right. I had the cheese steak with provolone and some of the amazing peppers they have there and I was sent into such a state of bliss I could have crapped myself and I wouldn't have cared. It was that good. I needn't say more about this place other than you'd be a ridiculous buffoon if you were in Philly and didn't go here.Whenever my parents visit, they always want to eat a cheesesteak.  Before going to the art museum, we stopped here to grab lunch.
Parking was easy for us at lunch (odd sounding from the other reviews) as well as ordering.  We all ordered cheesesteaks and I thought it was better than the other hyped places.  But it's weird.  There is a local joint near me that I think is better.  So I use that as my barometer.  The cheesesteak was good.  My parents thought it was better than my local place.
The place is good and if you are going to eat a cheesesteak in Philly, this is the better of the other 2 choices.  I will have to check out the last "main" place to make the last comparison.Everyone has their Philly favorite, mine happens to be Tony Luke's! I don't do cheese (unfortunate allergy), but their "plain steak" with hot peppers and onions is just as good. Granted the location is out of the way, but the sandwiches are worth it -- good steak, fresh bread, and REAL hot peppers (so delicous!!). I only took away one star b/c the staff could be friendlier and altough it's outdoor seating, no pets are allowed.Very good! 
I ordered the original cheesesteak with mayo pickles sweet peppers and onions.Loved this place. They have HUGE cheesesteaks and hoagies. If you're not a Man vs Food kind of an eater (like I am) plan to split one with whoever you're going with. The seating is limited though and it's not the cleanest of all places but still a very good place.Classic Philadelphia hoagies, cheesesteaks;
also must try : the roasted pork w/provolone & broccoli rabe;
dang, forgot, the big beef!
dat's rite.We were in Philly for one night and I said we had to have a cheesesteak.  I had a regular chesse- steak with provolone and onions.  IT was great!  My kids shared a Chicken -Cheesesteak and it was okay but fairly plain.  My husband had a chicken cutlet sandwich and didn't have to eat for two days.  I would definitely go back.  The smaller kids had chicken fingers and they were tasty - well seasoned - maybe even too much for many young children.  Everyone left full.The wait was 45 mins, but screw that. Their sandwiches are awesome! This place is a must! If our ever in PA please check out tony Luke's, don't let their long line scare you!Hey! So Tony Luke's makes a damn good steak, ya hear? Yeah, sure I've been to Pat's and Geno's plenty of times, fuhgettaboutet! One thing sets Tony's apart: the rolls. Much better bread than at the competitors. The meat I found to be pretty decent and of a good portion. My only vice was that I ordered in the traditional "whiz wit-out" and I noticed a fair amount of fried onion bits on my sammich. Now, it's not really a big deal, but it could be, eh? I mean you don't want to mess with the wrong guys sammich is all I'm saying. The seating area is nicely protected from the elements and was much appreciated on this chilly night. There was also a severe lack of drunkards stumbling home from the bar, but I'll let that slide.The last time that I was in Philly, I had Geno's and wasn't a huge fan. Tony Luke's was definitely better. I had a philly cheesesteak with wiz and a side of cheese fries. I am interested to see where Pat's ranks in the cheesesteak game and I will find out the next time I am there!I had a steak wit wiz.  Tender ribbons of juicy steak sautéed with diced onions smothered in fluorescent cheese whiz all on a warm baguette that had a slight crunch with each bite but instantly gave way to a pillowy warm bread inside that acted as a sponge for the cheese whiz and beef grease.  Be sure and add the complimentary pickled tomato peppers and sliced sour and half sour cucumber pickle slices to your steak.  Out of all the choices for steaks in the city, I chose this South Philly institution.  I'm happy with my choice.I've had Tony Luke's before, though it's been a long while... and to be honest, we were off to another place, that happened to be closed.
We waited a while for our food, which I guess is the norm, but when it came... man, was it good.  Before it arrived we chomped on pickle chips and hot peppers.  
Cheesesteak with Provolone and Onions - My daughter and I shared one... So good.  Add in a few hot peppers and you have a darn fine sandwich.
Roast Pork with Broccoli Rabe and Provolone - This was the sandwich of the table... and one of the better sandwiches I have ever had... Succulent... bursting with flavor... and just killer.  Would go back just for this.
Chicken Cutlet... Only had a taste and it was fine... nothing to write home about.  The other two sandwiches would get nice, long letters.
The bread... the meats... the staff... all good.  The wait... a little longer than expected, which with hungry kids can be a drag, but overall a good time.Had a great late lunch here with a co-worker while we were in Philly for work.  Sandwich was great, fries were good.  Even at nearly 3 PM on a weekday, the seating was pretty crowded.  An adjacent parking lot was a nice bonus.Ok. I know I'll probably be under fire for giving this 2 stars, but really, I have experienced better.  I went here with my 2 nephews during a recent Flyers hockey game, and I was underwhelmed. 
I chose the steak sub, and it was just OK, at best.
Granted the portion is good and filling, but the quality of the meat, and the taste.  (almost like fried in butter) was really not all that appealing.
Add to that, the fact that the ketchup dispenser was empty, and took them 10 minutes to replace it, and I doubt I would go back here again.
My nephew swears by the chicken parm with broccoli rabe sandwich, which looked good.  But for steaks, I can't say I'd recommend this place.   If I ever make it back, I'll try something different.Tony Luke's was a epic letdown.  First, the food: My girlfriend and I arrived on a cool Sunday afternoon, waited in a short line, and ordered a cheesesteak and a chicken cutlet sandwich, dressed hoagie-style (mayo, lettuce, tomato, pickles).  We both asked for light mayo; we didn't want to drown out the taste of the classic American cheese.  But both sandwiches arrived slathered and literally dripping with the oily stuff, and neither of us could taste any other ingredient besides the meat.  Disgusting.  The meat itself was gristly and mediocre - indistinguishable from other middling Philly spots.  At least the curly fries were edible and the cashier was friendly.  I swear she called me "honey" at least six times.
Now the rest: Tony Luke apparently wants a cult of personality.  The walls are covered in pictures of him, and visitors are greeted by a comically self-aggrandizing, poster-sized biography that begins this way: "Tony 'Luke' Lucidonio is a man of many talents and enormous energy."  (It goes on to relate how he "redefined the Philly Sandwich experience," even though "other gifts bloomed early": He "trained as an actor appearing in his first play 'Dracula Baby' in 1982," wrote Motown songs, and "became a multi-state Karate Kick-Boxing Champion."  There follows, no joke, a dozen acting credits you've never heard of, including such treasures as "Frankie the Squirrel" and "The Evil Within" - which also how I'd describe that cheesesteak once I'd consumed it. Unfortunately, Tony "continues to take on ever more challenging acting roles.")  Basically, the guy is Kim Jong Il:  He's a virtuoso musician who writes hits for black people!  He singlehandedly revolutionized lunch!  He's a movie star!  Next, he will radically transform the means of production.
Also, the dining area smelled so much like raw sewage that we considered eating in our car.Yes sandwiches are very good, and so are the sides. Beware this place is literally a whole in the wall, no bathrooms instead they have a "port a potty" nothing far from gross. Especially at a place where you have to eat with your hands, so bring your own hand sanitizer. Despite that, people flock to this place, it's very popular. Which means the food is always fresh.Great cheesesteak! Fast and quick service. Price is a little high but its quality and portion is huge.I'm from California. I hate cold. I hate snow. BUT.... I would stand in the freezing cold snow and wait to eat a delicious cheesesteak sandwich from here.
I ordered a cheesesteak with whiz, onions and mushrooms. My face almost fell off it was so delicious. The fresh bread soaked up the cheese and juices from the thin sliced steak. I can't say enough wonderful things about my food experience here. I don't ever finish an entire sub and I devoured this thing whole. I would post the picture of me eating it but it's far too embarrassing. 
Plus, the authentic Philly accent and attitude from the girls who took my order was perfect.Tony is getting a little pricy!! Luv the chicken cutlet Italiano. The best mozzarella sticks in south philly. Every time I'm in wildwood I visit the one in the crest.I'm from California and in our East Coast trip, we were going to pass by Philly, so I knew we had to try a REAL philly cheesesteak.  With all of the different options for Cheesesteaks in Philly, we chose this place because we had the option of trying different types of sandwiches.  We ended up ordering a philly cheesesteak and a pork sandwich.
The pork in the pork sandwich was really good.  It was really flavorful.  However for me, the sandwich itself was very plain.  It was simply the pork meat in a bun.  So while the meat tasted GREAT, the sandwich overall was just OK.
For me, when it comes to a cheesesteak, I want the inside of the sandwich to be moist and juicy.  I've had too many cheesesteaks where you are simply eating overcooked dry beef.  In this cheesesteak, it was very good and moist.  I ordered it with cheeze whiz.  I would definitely recommend this place.Being from Philly I have had my fair share of cheese steaks. Tony Lukes if by far my favorite. Once you pull up out front you get the nice feel that you are about to sink your teeth into a nice juicy sandwich made the Olde Philly way. 
Today i decided to take a friend, who has only been to Philly a handful of times, to this place. I got the roast pork Italian with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone, which is my favorite thing in the whole world. She got the classic cheese steak "wit" and instead of cheese whiz, which is not the classic way, she got it with provolone. 
My roast pork was fantastic. The mildly spicy pork with the slightly bitter broccoli rabe and the provolone were like a symphony in my mouth. Besides Glascoes fried chicken and collard greens I would want this to be my last meal on earth. My friend enjoyed her cheese steak although she could not finish it. She even put mustard on the steak at the end which i thought was a little weird but not terrible. When you have a great cheese steak you don't need to add anything to it. 
Service was just like it is at any cheese steak spot. As long as you know what your ordering and are prompt with your delivery they are very friendly people. Location is nice, right near the stadium district and right off of I-95. 
If it is your first time having a cheese steak in Philly go to Tony Luke's. Don't go to Genos or Pats, they are not good and they are like the Burger King and McDonalds of the cheese steak world. Stick to Tony Luke's and you will not be disappointed.The bf holds that his cheesesteack and my chicken steak were the best he's had in all of Philly.  I enjoyed my Italian: sharp provolone, broccoli rabe, and chicken.  My mom got the Italian roast pork, which was equally good.  The steak was lean and good.
Pizza fries and onion rings were good, but not great--probably just frozen.
Take the tourists here instead of Geno's!  The lines are much shorter, too.Love Tony Lukes!! First place I stop when I come to Philly :)
Try the curly cheese fries.. BOMBOk, ok. I'll admit I'm a vegetarian so my review of a famous cheesesteak joint isn't going to be the most read. 
When I walked in, I was blinded by the fluorescent or whatever lights. I got a headache walking in, really. 
Asked the cashier what the mac and cheese pizza was, and she just made a triangle with her heads. I thought maybe she didn't speak English so I repeated myself slower again. She gave me a short, apathetic answer (but did completely understand my question the first time). 
Waited about 20 min to get some $4 curly fries. It wasn't that busy so not sure why it took so long. During that time, the cashier was screaming someone's name (I think someone cleaning in the dining area?) repeatedly. Odd. The fries weren't seasoned like curly fries usually are. Whatevs. But I don't want to bash them because I didn't try what they are known for.How the hell does Philly make the worst Philly cheese steaks?  I don't get it.  My first trip to Philly, I had try my favorite sub sandwich ever.  It was pretty much the worst idea ever!!  The bread was hard and it was barely filled with any meat.  It was more like a bread sub.  I'm not used to eating cheese steaks where the meat is all pressed together into a flat mash of steak um's--really unappetizing.  The cheese was okay.  The onions were still crunchy.  I'll stick to my favorite Pittsburgh cheese steak place in Florida, thanks. This sandwich was a disgrace to cheese steaks.  Thanks for ruining my cheese steak dreams Philly!I don't know what other cheesesteak lovers are used to, but chopped meat with soft bread is the real deal. This sliced unseasoned steak sandwich that Tony Luke's offers is not the real deal. We went over the summer in 2012, and husband and I were disappointed. I had a regular cheesesteak with light mayo. The beef was not seasoned and the bread was too crusty and flakey. A great cheesesteak to me is a bit soggy bread in the middle from the grease, chopped steak and cheese. 
This was not impressive. Go elsewhere- if you yelp other steak places, you'll see much better reviews and that must be for a reason.roast pork with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe:  kick ass!  perfect seasoning, excellent combo and balance between flavors.
cheesesteak with fried onions and mild provolone:  tiny bit less flavor than the above, but it IS beef, not pork, after all.  non soggy bread for both sammiches was the icing on the cake.
curly fries with wiz:  melt-in-your-mouth processed goodness.
service:  soup nazi meets hotdog cart meets "the varsity" in ATL.  love it.
atmosphere:  see above, with more concrete and sheet metal siding.
definitely worth the occasional 2 hour drive from bmore to philly when you really, really need meat.  TWSS.Had a cheesesteak here today. I Also met special friends and a youtube star Robert DIY. I treated him and his wife to eat. Robert is doing an eastern Robert DIY tour. Robert lives in Alburqueque,NM. Robert is a handy volvo enthusiast and has produced many diy videos on his youtube channel. I currently own a 1993 volvo 850 his videos has helped me many times replacing a dash pad,steering wheel,ignition switch, and an odometer gear. I have been living with a broken odometer for over 3years. I could not get my car to pass pa state inspection.With the help of robert diy the youtube star and the eastern us tour he is doing. I personally wanted to thank Robert. I Called him up watched his videos and followed him though on his journey. Robert and his wife were hungry and traveling. They wanted to eat and found out about this place. I Treated and did not mind paying at all. I Wanted to say this was the best place for a cheesesteak and The best place for my out of town guests. Who helped me so much with my volvo 850.It was the least i could do for all the help Robert has given me from his videos.The best sandwich in Philadelphia is NOT a cheesesteak. It's a Pork Italiano with spinach rabe and sharp provolone, served wet.I came here after being unsatisfied from a yelp elite event at Flat Iron. Reviews were mixed for this place, so we were hesitant in coming here for a Philly cheese steak. I wish the menu was clearer. It was difficult, as a visitor, to distinguish which one was the original cheese steak and what toppings were already included. Also,  the woman who took orders wasn't very friendly. We ordered the Tony Luke's old fashioned cheese steak with American cheese and onions. It was pretty big for only $8 something. It was good but not something i would crave for.This place is too nice! The ladies at the register are a bit too ice cold. But, I just killem with a smile :)
I have a better understanding of the cheesesteak culture in Philadelphia. The broccoli rabe on a sandwich is so good. I don't know the nutritional value, but it makes me feel better about ordering multiple sandwiches. I had never been to Philadelphia and I didn't know when I would ever be back so I had to order at least 6 sandwiches. Besides, after standing in line for that long, why not. I discovered I could not have a sandwich without those red peppers. After getting my sandwiches I then drove to the other famous cheesesteak location with the other two sandwich joints and bought 2 sandwiches at each joints. I couldn't help myself.Stopped in Philadelphia for a quick weekend trip and ended up at Tony Luke's right before we headed to the airport. I need to preface this review by stating, I'm not a Philadelphia cheese steak pro. I normally order they in Miami with onions, peppers, mushrooms and I find that to be quite tasty but is it an authentic Philly cheese steak? I don't know. 
Anyway, we arrived here Sunday afternoon. It was pretty busy but the line moved quickly. We ordered four cheese steaks with provolone cheese. I messed up and forgot to order fries. I was pretty bummed about that, they looked delicious. 10 minutes later they called our name and we were all really excited to dig in and it was just... ok. The sandwiches were kinda cold and I thought they were dry as well. I didn't think it was anything to write home about. I actually only ate half of my sandwich and when I arrived home that night, I added some mayo and warmed it up in the microwave and it was a lot better. 
I didn't try any of the other places listed online as the best in the area and next time I go to PHL I'll make sure to check it out. Locals, please feel free to give me your suggestions! What did I do wrong? Is it supposed to be just simple meat and cheese?Cheesesteak was really good. The customer service was good as well, I will definitely recommend one of my friends to come here and eat and I will definitely be back againstI haven't had many cheese steaks so when I was in Philadelphia I thought I would stop in and have oneBeing a Philadelphian (actually I moved outside the city when I was 6, so I'm sure the haters hate me... And fine, I guess I deserve it. I guess I should say a Philadelphia Arean. But that sounds like Aryan and I'm a Jew) my sandwich of choice was the cheesesteak. Then I discovered that other sandwich. The roast pork with spinach and sharp provlone. Now I have no idea what's better. They both are heaven on a role you can find nowhere else.Not bad for visiting Philly for five minutes!
I never had a Philly Cheesesteak so I guess it was time. Carlos ordered the regular Cheesesteak and I got a Hoagie. Both orders were not bad. It was a good cheesesteak for me to try the first time. 
Service was fast and casual. Everyone was nice and got orders out immediately. I would visit again, but not necessarily go out of my way for it.Been there last week must try chicken cutlet with mild provolone and spinach that's my husbands favorite and I had cheesesteak with provolone and fried onions very good a lot of there stuff is good sorry have no picturesI love coming to Tony Luke's or John's Roast Pork (though they have HORRIBLE hours!) for a cheesesteak. Its super delish and wayyyy better than Pat & Geno's.Forget the argument about Gino's, Pats. Whatever. Roll through there if you want a history lesson and a sub par cheesesteak. Go to this Tony Luke's if you want a REAL cheesesteak. Since I was just in philly for a few days to see a concert downtown I was hesitant on whether or not I should rent a car. For this Tony Luke's location, totally paid off. I had a cheesesteak, add all spices, a tea, and a caramel fries. Everything I had was amazing. Can't describe it. So good. I had all around a 5 star experience just for the food alone. Spent a quick second arguing with the woman at the counter on whether or not I wanted my tea black or with cream. Made me feel like a real dummy. Well I guess I am because Tony Luke's is so good that I don't even care.Loved it! Stopped in here on a day trip to Philly, the line was long but it moved fast. It's more of a local spot then a touristy one. But if it's good enough for the locals it good enough for me! I will definitely be back! The old bay fries were so delicious!!Obviously this isn't a classy joint, but it's amazing.  The food is spectacular.  I prefer to take home my food, but staying in the place isn't that bad.  If you want a good classic cheesesteak this is where to go!The best place to get a cheesesteak these days! Unlike the famous Geno's & Pat's the steaks are made to order and not sitting and drying out on the flat top grill. They also offer a lot of other great items like the chx parm sandwich or roast pork w/broccoli rabe! Can't beat it. Definatly puts others to shame! However they aren't open 24 hours I bet if they were they'd make a killing!Tony Lukes is an okay place, I mean my first time Philly and if course I wanted to try a Philly cheese steak from a top rated place. Get ready for lines because they are huge! We waited about 30 minutes before we came close to ordering, good sandwich and good prices. 
I wouldn't suggest the wiz cheese though, another selection is better.The prok sandwich lived up to the anticipation... how often does that happen?  I would go elsewhere for a cheesesteak thoough, but you may like it.Took my son to see our friend fight for an MMA title and he told us we should have a cheesesteak here even though he's never had one(gotta stay on weight) We've had them in NJ and they were good, this was better but honestly it's a simple sandwich. Was a little cold since it was winter and the place is an outdoor place with some plastic. But who am I to complain the food was really good and they had lots of free pickles and peppers on the side.Drove through Philly to compare the cheesesteaks, Tony Luke's had the best flavor, in comparison with: John's Roast Pork, Pat's and Sonny's.WTF? Everyone must be drunk when they're eating this. The steak is tasteless and completely bland. We had to drown it in sauce to get a little flavor. The pork sandwich was just as bad. SKIP IT!During our stay in Princeton, we decided to drive to Philly for the day.  After reading several great reviews, we decided to give TL a shot.  We were here for lunch on a Saturday afternoon and there was a lot of people lined up, including several police officers from Bucks Co (there must have been at least 15 of them).  I thought that was a good sign, but after trying the philly cheese steak sandwiches, we were disappointed.  The sandwiches were average at best and over priced, in my opinion.  We've had much better sandwiches in the Bay Area and I thought this would be a real treat.  The cashiers were also extremely rude and had a bad attitude.  To make matters worse, the bathrooms were two portable toilets outside the joint... give me a break, the least they could do is have decent bathrooms.  Overall, the sandwiches were average and I'm not sure what the hype is all about.  Maybe it went to their heads after being featured in the Man Vs. Food show. Try a different place.Love it!
Love it!
Good food
You always hear about philly cheesesteaks but to experience one!Very good cheesesteaks. We had disappointing cheesesteaks at Geno's and decided to come here before heading back to DC after a great four day road trip to New York.
The steaks here at Luke's were made to order and just about perfect, the way I remember when I lived in Philly 20 years ago.
My wife had a hoagie, me and the kids had straight cheesesteaks with onions and provolone. Everything was awesome. Perfectly cooked steak on crusty soft rolls. Can't wait to return.People may love the cheesesteaks here, but you haven't truly experienced a "Tony Luke's" until you've had their Hot Pork Sandwich with aged sharp provolone and broccoli raab! It's a 10 star sandwich for $9.00!! This is a Philly staple! I may have moved out of Philly but I still come back here and get these sandwiches every chance I get! You have not lived until you've had one!
Also, don't expect a smile at the ordering window, they are not being rude rather just trying to get down to business and get thru the long lines of people. If you hit it right, parking and ordering is not a problem. I was in and out in 10 minutes yesterday! The sandwich was so good I am already craving another one!Did a drive-by and got a couple cheesesteak hoagies to go. The hoagies themselves were good but doubt that I would return since the lines were way too long-- took us about 30-40 minutes.Heard about it and have been meaning to try it for a couple of years, finally got the chance the other day. Yeah, it's all that. My cheese steak was everything it was supposed to be and more. Their bread really makes their cheese steaks. Not too crusty and not real soft, just perfect. 
We went in the afternoon so parking and service wasn't an issue but I could see long lines at lunch. 
Deduct one star for no washroom and the cheese steak could have used a little more steak.I have always been quick to endorse Tony Luke's.  However, this review is primarily based on my last trip, Friday, 10/5.  Not one of my better experiences...
The order consisting of chicken fingers, chix cheesesteak, cheesesteak, and curly fries took 25+ minutes!  25 minutes w a hungry 3 year old can feel like an eternity!  It is important to note that it was not busy at all.  As I stood in front of the window waiting for my name to be called, I could not help but notice how unpolite the woman running the cash register was.  She would rarely make eye contact w customers and seemed to make ordering uncomfortable.  The most appalling part was how often she would scoot off and return to "ring" customers with a mouthful of food!  I don't care who you are, in this day and age customer service is extremely important.  At least this time I did not get a card for a free workout at LA Fitness (happened last time).
I sincerely hope this was just an off night for Tony Luke's.  As they start to franchise and look for whatever way possible to make more $ off the TL name, you hope that their focus is not being lost.What the hell have I been doing?  Going to Pat's and Geno's for cheesesteak?  They've got nothing on Tony Luke's!  Not only is Tony Luke's easier to find, they have their own parking lot under the I-95.  That and their cheesesteak is frakkin' good.  You know the place is legit when there are more locals than tourists on the line.
My wife and I split two sandwiches.  The first one up was a cheesesteak with sweet peppers, onions, and cheese wiz.  The beef was so tender and juicy.  The bread had a slight crunchiness to it but still soft on the inside.  Next up was the roast pork Italian with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe.  That was really good too but I will go with the mild provolone next time.
This is the best cheesesteak I've ever had.  Take it from a guy who has driven to Philly a couples of times just for cheesesteak.Even before the plane landed in our first trip to Philadelphia, we knew that the first thing to do was to get our hands on some chessesteaks and not our hotel. 
This iconic south Philly dive is a lot smaller than seen on TV, but thankfully the portions were not. There is a small parking area behind a lottery shack and the line full of locals/tourists clearly speaks for its popularity. The menu is extensive posted on the aluminum siding and you can watch the cooks create their craft. The picnic dining area with a condiment section is small. There is a 10-15 minute wait before they call out your name with a black bag in hand. Cash for sure and credit cards seemed to be accepted. Maybe I had really high expectations, but I felt cheesesteaks were over-rated and the roast pork was definitely tasty. 
What we ordered:
- cheesesteak with cheese wiz
- roast pork with sharp provolone - recommend 
- fried onion rings
When we went:
- Thursday @ 1:00 PM 
Would we return:
- next time, I'll get the onions on the steaks or try their hoagies.keep in mind i am partial to sharp provolone on my steaks w/ fried onions and if i am feeling a bit wild - some mushrooms.- so that is how i took my medicine when i was at tony's ..i really dont know why tony luke always has a long wait b/c in my opinion u r getting the most pathetic steak (gino is a close 2nd) out of all the "famous" philly joints. i grade my steaks in 4 categories-1- bread 2- meat- quantity and greasiness/dryness factor 3 cheese. The bread is decent but a bit skinny for my taste....the meat is dry and not of ample portion and their sharp provolone is absolute shiet ......for what it is worth their roast pork w/ prov and rabe is better than their steak- but i would go to john's roast pork for that. i prefer jim's, pats, rick's, john's d'alessandro , tony jr's  and SOS over tony luke's. How da fuck did Booby Flay lose his throwdown?This is personally my favorite cheesesteak place in philly. Every time I've been in there it hasn't been too crowded unlike the tourist traps Geno's and Pat's. There is a parking lot and street parking as well. My last few trips I've gotten the cheesesteak with wiz and onions, and each time the sandwich has been so tasty. The meat is cooked just right on a nice roll with just the right amount of cheese and onions to top it off.  The best south philly has to offer.I love love cheese steaks! So I was very disappointed when I tried toney Luke's in NJ. What a easy of time!! Literally 30 min wait for two cheese steaks. The place was empty!! The poor kids working were clueless!! Besides the wait  the cheese steak had JR sized meat in a full sized Roll. Maybe 4oz of meat!!! If your passing by Tony Luke's in NJ keep going!!!! Not worth the Stop!!This is a very good cheesesteak, nothing more, nothing less.  Worthy trying, but it will not change your life if you are Steak snob like me.  Location near the ballpark is kind of random, but decide for yourself.This was my second Italian Roast Pork Sandwich in the span of three days, and it was infinitely better than the first from DiNic's.  Absolutely amazing. Seriously.
One sultry Monday afternoon, I had to pick up a package from the UPS on Oregon Avenue.  I live in West Philadelphia, and it's extremely difficult to get to South Philly from West Philly using public transportation so I asked my friend to drive me there, on the condition that I buy her a something to eat.  On the way there, we spotted Tony Luke's and considered eating there after getting my package. We spent the longest time in an unairconditioned, crowded, totally inefficient UPS, and the last thing I wanted in 100 degree weather was a hot sandwich.  But the foodspotting app on my phone was completely overtaken by photos of Tony Luke's sandwiches, so I had little choice but to give in.  
Since we decided to split a sandwich so we had to agree on which one to order.  I was so disappointed by my first roast pork sandwich, and I had just had it two days ago, so I was rooting for the veal cutlet.  My friend desperately wanted roast pork, and I asked a guy in front of us (I got the feeling he knew what he was doing) what he recommended, and he had tried everything (I was right) and loved the roast pork.  We received our food pretty quickly, even though not right when we ordered it like at Pat's and Geno's.  Tony Luke's didn't seem to have the same assembly line operation as those two, which gives me more of the feeling that the sandwiches are ~made with love~.  But that's probably just me...
But anyways, Tony Luke's completely redeemed the roast pork sandwich in my mind.  With that single first bite, any previous notions of roast pork as unimpressive, not flavorful, and dry quickly vanished.  For about $9, we ordered the roast pork sandwich with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone (the same exact thing I ordered at DiNic's) and I almost put hot peppers on it, thinking I had learned from my last experience.  But this time, it didn't need anything.  The sandwich was divine.  So juicy, so much flavor, the broccoli rabe was not bitter and the sharp provolone was slighly melted and not overpowering at all.  I was told by the guy in front of me that the roast pork was spicy, which it wasn't really, but it did have a little kick and my mouth felt a little bit tingly from it.  It was so unbelievably delicious, and not just because my first roast pork sandwich was bad...that just required the Tony Luke's sandwich to be extraordinary to make up for it.  And it certainly did.
It's really hard to make it out to Tony Luke's without a car, but I hope I can return.  It's definitely worth the trip.Reviews on Philly cheesesteaks (when you're getting them..IN PHILLY) are inevitably going to be compared.  With that said, I can only compare Tony Luke's to Pat's at this time with a few major things to mention.
1.  Specify the cheese.  If you don't, it comes with American.  Oh how I longed for the whiz...
2.  Meat is dry and compared to Pat's and from some of the pics from yelpers, they totally skimped on ours.  Where's the juice?!  I expect a mess to happen when biting into a cheesesteak...i.e. meat, juice, cheese, pouring out with each bite.  Nothing going on here.
3.  They win me over with their bread.  Phenomenal bread! 
 Loved that when we went it wasn't crowded and we got a table.  Hot peppers and pickles, mustard and ketchup all available at the bar cart on the side.
3 stars for now.  I will be back for that WHIZ!!Great staff and yummy steaks! Just wish they were a lil more meaty. (that could just be my inner fat girl talking...)This was our first Philly cheese steak experience, so we went to the legend based on opinions from friends. We waited 30 minutes in gross. muggy Philadelphia air and it was all worth it. The meat is tender and the melted cheese brings it all together. We'll probably avoid the evening crowd next time, but it was worth the experience.The best vegetarian sandwich I've had in the USA is made by this place. Uncle Mike's. Good enough that I have walked from Penn to Oregon Ave to get this sandwich.Hard to beat the Pork Italian with Provolone and Broccoli rabb. A classic philly sandwich made right.I may be done with Tony Luke's. There I've said it. 
Am I serious? Probably not, I'm sure I will be back ... but not for a while. Let me tell you why. 
THEY DON'T GIVE A SHIT 
The don't give a shit about me. They aren't nice (yeah, I know the S. Philly Sandwich Shop Shtick, but I'm done with these guys). If they want to act like a$$holes, fine, but have a good sandwich to back it up. Now, don't get me wrong, I have been coming here for 20+ years and at one time they were the best around. They always had a great chicken italian, pork italian, cheesesteak, cheesesteak italian and papa luke cheesesteak. However, the last couple of times I have been there (aside from the rudeness, which I can deal with) the sandwiches have been ill prepared, soggy, shitty, it just seems that they don't care any more. 
At this time there are a number of sandwich places opening up in the City that will rival Tony Luke's. Perhaps TLJ should spend less time in Bahrain and more time in S. Philly. If they keep things the way they are they will be on the shelf. 
It pains me to have to post this.Jersey kids here had pats yeterday and Tony lukes for breakfast . Tony lukes is better hands down .While in Philadelphia for a business trip, my colleagues and I were looking for the 'best of the best' Philly Cheesesteak. After much research and inquiry, all roads led to Tony Luke's.
We arrived by taxi some time after 1PM. The place was packed! We knew it was a popular spot, but did not expect such a long queue past lunchtime. I guess people in PHL eat late?
We ordered a regular cheesesteak with sharp provolone and sautéed onions.
The bread roll was amazing. It was soft and bursting with thinly sliced beef/steak. The melted cheese (sharp provolone) is strong in flavor - pungent/savory/salty - and provides a good contrast to the already tasty beef. The onions are just onions - with a good caramelization to them which enhanced the 'sandwich' experience even greater.
The dining area is set up as picnic tables; very informal. Overall it was a great meal, and we will definitely be back on future trips back to Philly.
PS: if heading back via Taxi, try to call ahead. It may take a while before a cabbie stops by.One of the best sandwiches in Philly is Tony Luke's Pork Italian. Everything about this sandwich is perfection, from the fresh roll down to the juicy pork. I used to think waiting in line for a sandwich for 30 minutes is ridiculous, but I have no problem standing outside in the heat when I know the payoff is this sandwich.The best in town by far the bread is great the curly fries are great and there system for ordering is very simple (unlike pats) and there is ample parking in Tony lukes lot just to the right of the building. If your in the area make a stop you will not be disappointedIt was quite cold outside and I ate fast as I had to rush to another conference call. I feel like if I had taken time, my experience would have been different. Regardless, I had a great first experience. 
I tried the following: 
-cheesesteak with American cheese and onions
-chicken cutlet on hoagie with everything standard
They also have pickles, pepper, and condiments on side table that you can add yourself. 
Cheesesteak was amazing! Add the juice of the spicy pepper and it tastes even better. 
Hoagie with chicken in my opinion was amazing even though I had already had a whole cheesesteak. Therefore I only ate a third of chicken sandwich. 
Definitely coming back here when I'm visiting Philly again.Omg this thin was huge and delicious. Took the bus from the airport was worth the trip! On the list to repeat, no cheese whiz thank god lol. Don't teeter with where to eat this is the perfect ribeye sandwich with Cajun fries = win!They are really great with dealing with the lunch rush hour. I like their classic Philly cheesesteak sandwich, but my coworkers love their chicken and vegetarian options. The broccoli rab is awesome. Their bread is perfectly cooked and doesn't get soggy. I also really enjoy their curly fries.If you're tired of the cheese steak try this Philly original's sandwhiches. 
Tony Lukes is one of those real South Philly joints. It only has outdoor seating and there's always a line for these tastes of heaven on a roll.
Top sanwhiches include the Roast Pork Italian (Broccoli rabe or Spinach with Provolone melted on juicy shavings of Roast Pork), the Roast Beef Italian (same as above just with tender shavings of Roast Beef), the Meatball and Veal Parms. 
I don't go to Tony Lukes for the Steak Sandwhiches just the others and the others are a true Philly taste sensation.Meh...don't waste your time with this place. I tried the the cheesteak with sharp cheddar, the cheesesteak wiz, and the roast pork with spinach. I'd say that's enough taste testing for me to make my decision. Go to Pat's!The cheese steak was good and the price was fair. The french fries though are the best. Seriously the gold standard of crispy and salty.   It's definitely worth the stop. just a few minutes from 95.Best cheesesteak and best roast pork across this country for the 17 years I've been going there. Their bread is among the best I've ever had. I highly recommend broccoli rabe or sautéed spinach with sharp provolone in either.  Don't know how they do it but neither make the roll soggy. 
ABSOLUTE SANDWICH PERFECTION!!!!
I've tried others but Tony's is the measuring stick for all others and still the gold standard which all others that have fallen short. 
They have a chicken cutlet is so underrated.Tasty, but I still like Pat's better. They have friendly service and a pretty big menu. Not enough tables but parking is easy!I've never been to Tony Luke's*forgive me* from what I hear it's an amazing place when you're ordering your cheesesteaksJim's Check, Pat's Check, Geno's Check ... onto Tony Luke's. So what did I learn about Tony Luke's?
1. As rumored, the employees are far from nice. The cashier was sort of rude as she didn't even bother to look at anyone when they ordered. It's as though she wasn't talking to me, but the register instead. The only words that came out of her mouth were "What do you want?" Just because your "restaurant" is popular it doesn't give you a right to talk like you are the Queen of the jungle. Although, one nice thing is that you can sit at a table while waiting for your cheesesteak because they will tell you when your order is ready thru a microphone.
2. Expect to wait 10 minutes for ONE cheesesteak to come out! Seriously?! In all my life of ordering a simple cheesesteak, the second I paid for it, it was already in my hand, but Tony Luke's somehow managed to create the suspense of standing to the side for 10  minutes after ordering it.
3. The cheesesteak is "ehhhh...". I ordered the Cheesesteak with Provolone and the bread was hard and the steak was very dry. The fact the bread stayed together meant there were no juices flowing out of the steak at all. 
4. There's a private parking lot so woohoo!
Overall, Tony Luke's, you let me down. I do plan on coming back to try the Cheesesteak with Whiz, but don't look forward to it.Everything was great. Cheese steak was DELICIOUS. Only issue I would say if for the price of fries I would like to get more.I've been waiting to travel to Philly to try their cheesesteak, and I was somewhat disappointed.  Though the portion of meat was generous, the meat lacked taste.  The sub roll was very good.  Not worth all the hype.Now THIS is a Philadelphia sandwich shop.  Not that garbage Geno's of Pat's sell the tourists.  Come to Tony Luke's and get a roast port sandwich - or a chicken cutlet with sharp provolone and brocoli-rabe.  Now - that's good food.Been here many times. Usually a longer wait than I want. Cheesesteaks are very good....cooked in the "whole meat" style with plenty of cheese. Excellent roles...one of the best steak sandwiches in Philly. Lots of people love the pork sandwich too.WORTH IT. Yum.
I love me some cheese, bread, and steak, so  some type of Philly Cheesesteaks were a must on my trip. I picked Tony Lukes after doing research for hours, and I was not disappointed, let me tell you that. I got American with (I was so nervous using philly slang, but it worked! Okay, I made my mom ordered it, but it still worked! Sh). If I go to Philly again, I'll probably try Pat's just to see what that's like because I've heard their cheesesteaks are great too. Definitely stop here just to see the viewing place for the sacrificing of the Philly Cheesesteak virgin. It's a national landmark more important than that stupid cracked Liberty Bell.Best cheese steak ever. Genos and pats can't compete. I think it has to do with the bread. I've been to Philly quite a few times. I can't go there without eating at Tony Luke's.Everyone always says, "When you go to Philadelphia, you HAVE TO GO to Geno's and Pat's"  - WTF??? They fail to mention TONY LUKE'S!
Well during  my trip to Philadelphia, I WENT TO Tony Luke's, Pat's, and Geno's so I can honnestly say I have had the "big 3" in Philadelphia!
I saw this place on trael channel's "MAN vs FOOD" show, and thought that if its good enought for Asam Richmond then it must be good enough for me. - jk
This was my fav. out of the "big 3"  the food was amazing!  The cheesesteaks were simply to die for.  He even has a bar across the steet, where we ended up watching the Eagles game.  WOW, the stand is better then the bar but thats because we ordered other things besides cheesesteaks there!
OMG DEFINATELY GO HERE!!!!!Yet another fail. I'm no stranger to cheesesteaks. Let me just say that. My mother is from Philly but she raised me in MD. We would come up regularly to see family and sometimes just take day trips just for cheesesteaks... Our go to was always Explorer's Den which was way better than it is now but that's another review. 
So I just left philly and my goal whenever I come up is to try as many cheesesteak spots in search of a new "cheesesteak home" if you will. This time I came up and tried a few and decided to save Delesandro's for last which was a total waste and disappointment. Also another review. 
After being totally let down at Delesandro's, I shot over to Tony Luke's on Oregon. I had previously had a sandwich from the one in King of Prussia mall and it was actually good. I asked the cashier if it would be just as good as the real spot and she assured me that it would be. So after Delesandro's fail I figured Tony Luke's would be a good fall back on my way back down the road. Boy was I wrong!!! 
The steak wasn't chopped and it tasted like a straight steak-um sandwich. I mean it was bad. My whole life, all I ever got on my sandwich would be provolone (wiz is wack), fried onions and ketchup. I guess I'm a purist. A good sandwich will speak for itself and you won't need all that extra $h!t. And I guess the new thing, or new to me is to cook mounds of steak, mounds of onions and slap bread and cheese on and hope it melts. I don't know but it gives these steaks no flavor at all. 
Two finale shots failed in one day. I'm sent back down the road unsatisfied and wanting more. $9+ wasted with half the sandwich gone to the dog. I'll never go back here. The one in the mall... sure.Whilst in Philly for four days; we had to get another one on our way out.  When we first came in; we chanced upon Jim's in downtown Philly, then spent most of our time way out of the city in Pottstown.  So when we came back to the city and were heading back out; we had to get another taste and had to choose between the ever-touted Pat and Gino's(two resto's competing against each other and are right across the street from each other, or Tony Luke's; another well-established cheesesteak resto.  Being short on time, we weren't able to get a samich from all 3 and just split them and do a comparison, so we opted for Luke's since it was featured on a few Food Network shows.   Plus we were really pressed, and being close to the airport, we were able to pick up a few and eat them on the plane.  Again, being closer to the airport, this place isn't in the best of areas - but you're not buying a house here, so who cares....the line out the door of the resto should tell you what you need to know as far as how the food is.  It has a small eating area inside, but that wasn't really a concern for us, considering we were about to get on a plane.  They can seat probably about 20 people comfortably in there tho.  Line was kinda long when we got there, so I got a little nervous about being late, but it wasn't too bad.  The line was consistent tho, lotsa people; place must be good.
This place is also known for their roasted pork samiches, so my boy and i got one cheesesteak(wiz wit of course and onions too), and one roast pork(plain).  We weren't hungry yet during the first few hours of the flight because we went to eat in Chinatown first with our wedding party that we were a part of, but once we did...man alive!  The cheesesteak was very good, lots of meet and cheese and onions to boot, very much like the one at Jim's - but it was a little cold, so i'm sure if it was warmer, it might be a better comparison; but here the edge goes to Jim's.  Btw - we met a guy here that said he still like's Jim's better for cheesesteaks.  So the cheese steak was darn good, but the roasted pork...wow.  That was SOOOO GOOD!  Man, it was awesome.  
Service - Good enough for what I was expecting.  You make your order as accurate as possible and you wait for your food.  We asked about using a cc and the guy was cool and politely told us they did.  I noticed some people complain about their orders being inaccurate, but the staff handled those w/o being rude as well.  
Why you would call a manager before you go to a restaurant every time is beyond me.  Unless you're actually gonna do a formal published writeup in a bigtime magazine or something...but other than that, how would it help?  Go to the place and check it out and then contact the manager if you have any issues....  Otherwise, eat and be happy! :)Really good food. Big portions. Chicken cutlet sandwich with provolone is the draw for meOld school joint literally under a highway. Has parking so it's easy to access. 
The meat was slightly thicker than Sonny's and Dellassandro and seasoned a bit more. Cheese and bread was substantial and in all the juiciest cheese steak I had while visiting Philly.
Downsides were (though very minor):  The onions were not cooked enough or flavoursome so adding nothing and the "hot peppers" were green jalapeño types and not Italian Hot peppers- though they do provide these along with pickles on the self service station. 
In all, if you can get down there- pretty goodIt was a pretty good quality cheesesteak. My friend usually doesn't like cheesesteaks, and she enjoyed this one. The bread was well toasted and the beef and cheese together was well done. The only thing that could be better would be some of their toppings and the service. The person who took my order didn't ask for the kind of cheese we wanted and didn't ask for toppings so it lacked some flavor. Overall it was good.Still the reigning champion. Best cheesesteak in town. Never a bad meal here. Worth the wait...Although not my favorite cheesesteak place in Philly, but you get a ton of quality meat with better bread -- and the bread is really making a lot of difference.We were down from NJ for the day and thought we'd try a Philly Cheese Steak. We checked Yelp and this one seemed to have many good reviews. Unfortunately, the sandwich was not good.
The meat was soggy and untextured.  They clearly did not want to take the extra time to carmelize the edges.
The peppers were not fresh, but rather from a jar or can and so they were also very soggy and generally sad.
Worst of all, the cheese was not mixed through the meat. A Philly should have the meat torn assunder with the cheese mixed throughout the broken pieces of meat.  This is usually done with tools that look like spakle knifes on an open grill.  But, alas, that takes time and Tony Luke's is about getting their slop out fast and getting to the next customer.
My wife's description: "This tastes like poverty."We have had three cheesesteaks from 3 different places so far and I would say they are all just is. Nothing outstanding. Just cheesesteaks.Went here with my friend who was visiting Philly.  I got the chicken cheesesteak, (forget what cheese), with onions & shrooms and thought it was pretty good but way too salty.  I seriously think I have a low tolerance for salt....
The rolls, however, were AWESOME.  PERFECT for cheesesteaks.  One of the workers overheard me raving about them and thanked me for the compliment and said he made them, so I guess they bake them in house?? I'm not quite sure, but the rolls were great and really held the cheesesteak together nicely.  
This would be a solid 4.5 stars if theyy had some  better seating, and if they turned the heat on inside (what's up with that?!)A fair warning to tourists with no rental car; cabs do not normally service South Philly. me, my older sister, and brother-in-law did not know this and thus had to wait over an hour for a cab to finally pick us up to take us back to the hotel in downtown.
Having saw Adam complete the Ultimate Cheesesteak challenge on Man v Food, I decided to pay Tony Luke's a visit since my time in Philly was limited and I definitely wanted an authentic cheesesteak before leaving.
We arrived to a very long line and ultimately decided on the original ribeye philly cheesesteak with American cheese. i didn't know this when ordering but apparently you need to include that you want onions on your cheesesteaks as well as it isn't included. luckily, the lady operating the cashier was pretty nice about it when i asked and gave me a cup full of delicious seasoned grilled onions.
Although we were dropped off by cab, i did notice that parking here is pretty limited but moves quickly as people appeared to take their food to go.
Because every cheesesteak is cooked to order and almost 40 people were ahead of us; it took more than 30 minutes before our food and sodas were ready...but man was it worth the wait!
The bread was soft but not too chewy, the beef was perfectly cooked and tender, and the combination of the melted cheese and onions made this the best cheesesteak sandwich i ever had and made me happy to have dropped by during my limited stay in Philly.
Tony Luke's does accept credit cards so there is no need to stock up on cash at the ATM; although i did not notice a minimum charge amount it doesn't really matter as a sandwich and drink will easily set you back more than $11.
The menu was extensive but I would definitely like to try the other offerings the next time I am able to visit.Still the same sandwich but ever since they added all those other menu items, their through-put must have decreased significantly.  This is one of the biggest reasons restaurants go down hill and make less money. They are a steak place, they need to be worried about getting customers out fast, with good food.... Not adding things to the menu like panzoratti poppers and a bunch of other random stuff that no one orders. I was waiting for 25 minutes for 1 sandwich and the line was not even out the door.Hmmm.  It gets rave reviews, but I've had better.  In Texas, mind you.
We went pretty far out of our way to try a "real" Philly.  We were driving through, so why not?  They were just ok.  The pork with rabe was the best, but both types were rather bland.  I'm glad we stopped anyhow.  It was interesting to drive through South Philly on our quest for a Starbucks.
The staff was nice and helpful.  If your kid needs to go potty, watch out.  You have to dodge traffic as you run across the busy street to use the one at the sports bar.
I think next time we're in Philly, we'll just listen to Elton John on our way to Quiznos.  Philadelphia Freedom!tony luke's torpedo roll alone deserves the rating.  the steak strips and cheese only add to this amazing cheesesteak.  i'm surprised i hadn't tried it sooner, but the location and convenience is far superior than say, Jim's.  the service is impeccable.  try it! you won't be disappointed!Had the BBQ fries, pizza fries and a classic philly with wiz.  Nothing to run home about.   The BBQ fries tasted like lays potato chip seasoning.  The pizza fries were bland. The philly was decent I don't know if I'd wait 20 minutes in line for it.  Another downfall is there is no bathroom and very limited seating.Do yourself a favor, skip Geno's and Pat's for the cheesesteak! Theirs are mediocre, overpriced, and didn't live up to the hype. Tony Luke's however, was fantastic! They have better tasting and cheaper cheese fries than Pat's and Geno's, and the sandwich was just better overall at Tony Luke's. And the parking was easy to get in and out.So sad:  Last time I was here, this place was located across the street. It had all your basic amenities, like comfortable seating, table service, ac, restrooms and if memory serves, even a bar. 
Flash forward to our latest visit:  We pull into the parking lot of the new (ish) location and spot a trio of porta potties.  "Must be for construction workers, " I reassure myself.  Alas, no.  This spot is BARE BONES.   Not only are there no "normal" restrooms, it is counter service only, with just a few random tables with bench (read: no back support) seating.  On the sweltering day we visited, there was also no ac.  Not the best way to begin, and honestly, had we known ahead of time, we would not have eaten here. The Tony Luke's we remembered had a casual, but comfortable ambience that we were looking forward to for a relaxing dinner.  This place...Not so much.
At any rate, on to the sandwiches.  Kid and I both got the classic Cheesesteak with American and Fried Onions.   Meat was nice and tender, but a little bland to me.  In hindsight, I should have added roasted long, hot peppers, an option for extra $ on the menu.  Afterward, I noticed a little condiments stand that included hot cherry peppers, but they were whole, making them awkward to eat in a sandwich. Hubby got the Roasted Pork with Provolone and Broccoli Rabe.  Since he had bad flashbacks of eating and hating pungent melted sharp provolone the last time we were here, he swapped it out for a mild version of the cheese.  I don't think it came even close to the South Philly-inspired Roast Pork sandwich from Federoff's in Brooklyn, but it hit the spot.  
Ultimately, I am a girl who needs an indoor restroom when I go out to dinner.  Call me a princess, but there it is.  Next time we're in Phiilly, we will go someplace else.Passed by this place every time I go to IKEA and wondered what the hype was so I finally stopped there today. I got a cheesesteak and it was okay but it wasn't the Philly cheesesteak I grew up eating - definitely not chopped meat with sliced onions and more than the scant bit of cheese and seasoning this place put on there. All I could taste and smell were the onions. Too much bread too. I also got curly fries and got nothing but crumbs. I had to try the mozzarella triangles too because it's only ever mozzarella sticks but all they did was fry up SLICES of cheese. Can't even fry up a good chunk of cheese? And everything was lukewarm. Not worth the 30+ minute wait.Took a spontaneous drive from NY to grab some cheesesteaks last week. Originally planned to hit Pat's/Geno's then yolo'd and went to Tony Luke's. Bit of a regret. I will give them this, probably the best cheesesteak meat I've had. Yet, the sandwich came with like onions on one half and wiz on the other. No bites together... Tragedy. The Wiz was also a hell of a lot heavier than other places. Final pro tip- Never order the chipotle barbecue chips. Never. Unless you have an obsession with Barbecue flavored chips. Pretty sure they called like Lays and extorted them for the seasoning on those chips.I was visiting from California, and this was my first food stop while in Philly.  My friend took me here, and I was starving.  I wanted to have a cheese steak (you have to eat a cheese steak when you're in Philly, right?), but my friend recommended the Roast Pork Italian with Broccoli Rabe instead.  She said she preferred that over their cheese steaks.  So we ordered it.
I had an orgasm in my mouth!  Enough said...
Thank you Tony Luke!  You made my starving stomach very happy!The third most overrated cheesesteak in Philly, not far behind Geno's (1st) and Pat's (2nd). 
Terrible location, decent people, cheese runnier than a cold after the 4th day, fried onions that could've been replaced by rinds, and meat as chewy as a Milky Way. 
Save yourself the effort and go to Steve's on South. Or hell, any place closer to you.Cheesesteak sandwich was okay. It came with lettuce and tomato when I thought it'd be mushrooms onions and peppers. Couldn't ask any questions because the cashier was very short and came off rude. I understand alot of people get in line, but we got there when it was dead and I felt like we were an inconvenience. I'd order one thing, standing with my husband and daughter, and she kept asking "is that all? Is that all..." I'm kind of dissapoointed. I wouldn't wait in a long line for it, but the meat was quality, the bread soft with a crisp outside. Be prepared to feel rushed.I don't know about this place....it was filthy. The lighting is weird. There were 0 napkins. The ketchup was empty. Floor looked like it hadn't been mopped since 2003. Tables were disgusting. Food remnants and drinks spilled all over them. They were sticky and dirty. 
However, the food was pretty good. And the staff were all friendly. Whoever calls out the names of the orders into the loud speaker needs to stop mumbling. I went up twice thinking he said my name but, nope. 
I'm giving this place 3 stars because the food was decent and the people working there were smiling and friendly. The facility itself needs extreme freshening up.I'm still trying to understand how their frozen entrees taste better than the real thing.
You can get better sandwiches in the neighborhood and for cheaper. It's a tourist trap and I get that. I just don't get why.Honestly all cheese steak places taste the same to me..but that doesn't mean I didn't love it. 
What I can say I appreciated is that there's parking! The area looks a little sketchy..Don't believe the hype. Not Authentic at all, I didn't like the giant chicken pieces on the sandwich and they don''t inform you that they prepare it that way which  sounds pretty lazy to me,  when I asked could it be chopped well the employee rudly told me they wouldn't redo it, who eats a steak like that!!! It taste like plain chicken not seasoned almost raw.  I wasn't impressed with the taste service, style or price.  I still think Max's is better and will pay the gas to drive there, and not to mention they have better service.Finally, I get to check this one off of my bookmarked places to try. Been to Philly before and had Genos and that was no where near Tony Luke's. This place is so tiny it's not even funny, we had to park behind the gas station which next door and ate out in the parking lot. Anyway I ordered the classic steak and cheese sub with cheese whiz. The cheese is so gooey but delicious, I stuffed it with the pickles and peppers that they had out at the condiments table.
I also ordered their plain french fries and boy was that good to the last piece, they had it in a container and yet it was still crispy, down to the bottom. This is my favorite place to get steak and cheese, only place left is to try Pats.My pops took me where when I was a kid on the weekends and it was amazing nothing much as changed over the years when I think about visiting home the first thing I wanna do is head over here for a cheesesteak. Of all the local places this is and probably always will be my favorite.Looking for a Philly Cheesesteak? Tony Luke's is authentic Philly wit whiz or wit-out better than anywhere elseKinda pissed thought I ordered a proper philly cheesesteak since that was the name but it was served with tomatoes and lettuce. And I came to realize after the meal was delivered that this isn't a proper cheesesteak...change the name so tourists don't make the same mistake I did and get the correct one with onions and cheese wiz. It was still good but totally disappointed. Next time I will try another place. Also side note my sandwich was not very warm and when I was half way done it was cold, I thought these were made fresh...First time I visited Philly years ago, I only knew of the popular places for cheesesteaks - Pat's and Geno's - which I went to.  I since learned of Tony Luke's and had it on my list for when I made it back to Philly.
Tony Luke's has a bunch of locations but I chose to go to their flagship location which has all the charm of a working class neighborhood.  It's located in South Philly and I've read that people say it's in a sketchy part of town but I didn't really think so.  They do have their own parking lot so street parking isn't necessary if you can find a spot.  Anyway....to the food!
Compared to Pat's and Geno's, I would definitively have to put Tony Luke's cheesesteak above those.  The flavor is outstanding (as they say they only use fresh ribeye) but their bread is what really sets it apart.  I tried one with provolone and one with cheese wiz and you really can't go wrong with either. 
We flew out of Philly airport on our way home and I was hoping to grab another cheesesteak and a roast pork to take home but, alas, their airport location was in another terminal that was too far away.  BUT....it appears that they are opening up here in Los Angeles coming this fall so now me and everyone on the west side can enjoy their deliciousness without the air travel!My first stop off the plane.  Figure to get a cheese steak in Philly.  I got it with the Whiz and onions.  I must say, it tasted the same as others I had across the country.  The thing I really like were the hot peppers though.Whether it's lunch time or 1 am and your belly is screaming for a sandwich thank god for Tony Luke's!
Truly the most exceptional chicken cutlet and broccoli rabe with provolone !  To hell with whose better Pat's or Geno's leave that argument to the those two idiots and the tourist !  If you want the real deal it's got to be Tony Luke's !I believe Tony Lukes is classic South Philly institution. One everyone must try! It's a no thrills take out only joint with a few tables out front. You'll be given a taste of that South Philly hospitality/'tude, and definitely a hearty dose of that unmistakable accent.
I remember coming here when I was just a little girl with my parents. We drove all the way down to the city just for these sammies! I of course as a young vegetarian was ordering broccoli rabe with a nice thick slice of perfectly sharp provolone and the 'rents would always go for the Chicken or Pork 'Italiano'. Both served on crispy Liscio's rolls which are baked fresh daily and thick enough to hold the generous amount of food stuffed into them. We would all split an order of cheese drenched fries and all leave totally satisfied. Worth the trek. 
Over the years I progressed to a vegan and really had no reason to go to Tony Luke's. Until last night that's is....I was with the extended fam bowling down the street. After a few pitchers of brews they were craving cheesesteaks to cap the night off. My brother informed me the menu over here now has a sammy called 'Uncle Mike' which is sweet and hot peppers, broccoli and spinach rabe (cooked in oil not butter), sautéed onion and red "gravy" which for those not from the area, that's tomato sauce. I made sure to ask for no cheese but it wasn't listed on the menu. The rabe was just as I had remembered it!! Tony Luke's hands down makes the best broccoli rabe in all of South Philly! Trust me, I've tasted my fair share. It's not bitter as it can sometimes be and it's not too oily. It's perfect. I ordered the 'Uncle Mike' with the "gravy" on the side thinking it may make it too mushy. Dipping was the way to go I believe. The sammy had a real nice kick from the peppers but the sauce cooled my mouth down. Perfect combo! I even had half leftover for lunch the next day! It was a big boy! The roll still wasn't soggy even then! Win! I will definitely be back for this bad boy again soon. This actually may not be the best discovery, but it's certainly nice to have a veg option when the fam wants steaks now!
Tony Luke's offers so much more than cheesesteaks. I guarantee there's something here for any craving you may have! 
Their meat is hormone and antibiotic free. Their veggies are grown in South Jersey and prepared in the Luke family's commissary in the city. I love that local love! Each sandwich and food item is cooked to order and takes the appropriate amount of time. Be patient. There will always be a wait on game day and especially after a home game of any kind. Fun atmosphere though. Well, if we win that is :) 
"Luke" is a pretty interesting guy which makes me like his joint even more. Check out their website for his whole story. Way too much to tell! In short, he's a CAPA grad who has produced music and films, acted in movies, and created and hosts the web series "Food Mashups". He has also been on many Food Network Tv shows such as "Throw-down With Bobby Flay". I always like a good Philly born and bred success story especially when folks stay true to their roots. Nice! 
*They now sell their sliced rib-eye at Acme for those interested in making sammies at home.mmmm best best best place in Philly ever. I am so in love with the chicken cutlet Italiano. huge sandwich, delicious chicken, amazing broccoli rabe, provolone cheese. an amazing combination. I have dreams about eating one of these. Chris likes the roast pork Italiano.The Italian pork with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe Was as good as I remember. One of the things I miss about Philly. Glad to be back for a little while to enjoy. The French fries and onion rings were average at best. I like a breaded onion ring more than a batter dipped.Think I saw Pat and Geno grabbing a bite at Tony Luke's the other day ...
And I understand why. Bomb sandwich. Best I've ever had. Get the classic wiz and the bacon cheese fries. You will have then experienced THE BEST Philly cheesesteak in Philly.The City of Philadelphia has grown on me over the years, especially their authentic restaurants.  As a former Maryland boy who grew up on K-Town Continental's classic Steak and Cheese with LTM, and hot peppers, the Philly Cheesesteak has always been synonymous with Pat's!  I was brought to Tony Luke's after a basketball game at Wells Fargo, and knew from the first bite that I had found another classic.  The sides of pickles and hot peppers caught my attention, but the nice large crispy roll with my cheesesteak really sold me.  Does this place earn All-Madden status, I am certain that Rob Becker would have said said, "Of Course!"  Now this is not the type of place where you would see lots of American Girl boxes, but I think anyone who loves an old fashioned sandwich would love this place.  The large, long slices of steak with cheese whiz made my sandwich a truly great South Philly experience.  It was really nice to see many families here--husbands, wives, sons & daughters.  There were even quite a few date nights here!  Now I love living in Manhattan NYC, but a great cheesesteak makes me homesick for suburban America!  Thank you Tony Luke's!!!I've only been once, but the experience was beyond anything I could have hoped for.
The Background:  En route from San Francisco to Montreal for a bachelor party.  The bachelor and one of the other travel companions when to school in Philly and suggested we head for a cheesesteak during our three hour layover at PHI.  We landed at 6am and were at Tony Luke's by 6:30.
The Experience:  We go up to the window and three of us order cheesesteaks and the other orders the pork italian.  Bad news, too early for the pork italian and it is going to be a 45 minute wait.  4th decides to go for cheesesteak.  All are satisfied.
Four cheesesteaks consumed, the 4th goes back to order the pork italian.  The four of us split the second round.  Even more satisfied.
Back to the airport:  OK, so taking a cab to Tony Luke's probably isn't the best idea we've ever had.  We call the a cab company and wait... and wait... and see a UPS guy steal cash from a purse sitting next to an electrified sign... and wait... and wait... and see a homeless guy we appropriately named Cheeseus.... and wait.  Finnaly the cab shows up and we take the 2nd leg of the flight to Burlington, VT (hitting up the local Hooters) and drove to Montreal.
Best part of the entire trip with probably Tony Luke's!if you want a run-of-the-mill cheesesteak with or without the whiz, then go to pat's or geno's or jim's. 
now...if you want a truly different and awesome twist on the good ole cheesesteak, then run (don't walk) to tony luke's!!
my bro-in-law steered me in the right direction of the roast pork italian with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe. wowee ooo wowee! and just one glance at the words 'hot dog fries' and we knew it would be a delicious union.
on the second trip, the cheesesteak with tomatoes and cream cheese was calling out to me. if you love tomatoes (i do) and could bathe in cream cheese (i can), then this is the cheesesteak for you.
absolutely delicious!"My favorite Philly Steak - All time, ever, period"
Yes, I will be cast out, tarred and feathered for claiming that Tony Luke's has the best Philly Steaks in Philly. I have tried them all on 9th st. and they are good. I think the names and the location make these paces institutions. But, to be honest, besides the Amaroso rolls that everyone uses, and don't get me wrong its good stuff, Tony Luke's is better.
Every time I visit Philly, I get off the highway and I go straight to tony Luke's before I do anything. Why? Because it's my ideal of Philly Cheese. Yes, you can say that putting broccoli rabe, gravy (tomato sauce for those of us non-italians) and the sharp provolone (genius)  all on their own in house baked bread, could be considered wrong to the die hard Geno's and Pat's fans out there. But seriously, change is good, especially when it is for the better. Cheese wit or wiz or whatever you are supposed to say in order to order or back to the end of the line - who cares. It looks like crap and after one time, you are like, it's ok. But sharp provolone, gravy, and broccoli rabe. It just doesn't get any better. And this is my opinion and I am sticking to it. So anyone else have a different opinion, well good for you. But, this is the real Philly Cheese steak in my book. Others need not apply.This is my second fav, behind Johns. Sandwiches are good, hours are great unlike Johns. Lines can be long, but they move fast. Parking is pretty good too.Very good sandwich shop in south philly. Sandwiches are delicious. I'll definitely be making my way back in the future.AWESOME huge Cheese Steak!  Delicious free pickle chips. I LOVED it and I can't wait to go back!Tony Luke's did not disappoint. I was traveling in Pennsylvania with an entire softball team and coaches who wanted to experience an authentic Philly Cheesesteak. We saw Tony Luke's on Yelp and decided to go there. I got the cheesesteak with broccoli rabe, onions, green pepper, the works... Whoa! AUTHENTICALLY DELICIOUS - enough said. Have a Philly Cheesesteak from Tony Luke's, there are tons of options too on how it can be made. Enjoy!Six stars, no seven.
I realize most of the reviewers here are from out of town, so they can be forgiven for not knowing that the thing to get at Tony Luke's is not the cheesesteak. 
You go to TL's for one thing. The sublime, transcendent, mesmerizing Pork Italian sandwich, maybe the best sandwich on Earth. There are a thousand things on the menu, and you can see them all while you wait on line, but when you get to the front, simply say to the nice lady "Pork Italian Spinach, please", and you're done. If you like Broccoli Rabe, so be it, but this is the sandwich locals order there. Try it, you'll like it.We stopped here after flying into Philly Airport. We wanted to see what the hype is all about. Its a cheesesteak people. If you cant make a decent cheesesteak there is something wrong with you. Tony Luke's is good, nothing great. Give em a try if you're in the area.Driving back from the poconos yesterday with the gf, decided to stop in Philly for a authentic cheesesteak (as we had also done on the ride up).  Neither of us had been to Tony Luke's so we checked it out.  Definitely worth the stop.  Our cheesesteaks with whiz and onions were definitely delicious, as were the cheese fries.  We ordered two plain steaks with onions to go so we could eat them at home.  We did not get cheese on the take homes because they would have gotten soggy.  We bought cheeze whiz from safeway and reheated in the microwave, it was fantastic.  Also, the guy taking our order seemed more forgiving then the people at Pat's King of Steaks.  I would go back again for sure!  For four subs, two sodas, and cheese fries, it was $40.  Minus one star for not having the prices on the menu.Only after moving to Philly in August have I experienced the cheese steaks that this city is so famous for. My boyfriend and I decided to go on a quest to find the best one in Philadelphia. We started at Pat's which I personally did not understand the real appeal of . We did not review Geno's because I personally feel that if a business has to make itself look like a Las Vegas showgirl venue then they are probably compensating for horrible cheese steaks (less is more people!) We then moved onto Tony Luke's and Sonny's in Old City. Sonny's was alright (better than Pat's) but was still not as good as this place. 
At first we were a bit confused by the two locations, one that was for outdoor patrons and ones who wanted to sit down like civilized human beings and enjoy delicious cheese steaks. We crossed the street and went inside. They had sports games on the tv and the waitress was nice. They had a better atmosphere than any of the other places that we went to. The quality of the cheese steak was better than the other ones we tried as well.
All things considered, I have chosen this spot as my favorite cheese steak place in Philadelphia.I watched Man vs Food and they gave me the tip when I am ever in Philly, to go there for a true Philly Cheesesteak. Of course with all the trimming and cheez wiz. That was probably a bad day to take my blood pressure, but hey it was worth it. It was crowded but it was right before a baseball game. But it was worth the wait. Worth going guys, and enjoy!!!I use to hate philly cheese steaks. My husband and I were in town and he HAD to get one because hey! We're in Philadelphia! So, after a quick research on yelp, we decided to go here. Since I wasn't crazy about it, we order one sandwich and the person behind the counter was great with their recommendations since we didn't know what to get and put on it. When he got his sandwich, I took a bite and went back into the line to get my own. 
This place is DELICIOUS! Y'all. Don't skip out on this place! It ruined all Philly cheesesteaks for us Bc none are as good as Tony Luke's.Stop here before you leave philly! Their philly cheese is good but you have to try the chicken cutlet sandwich with broccoli rabe. Always a line here, so be prepared to wait a bit. There's street parking and a lot right outside. And here's a few tables for dining inside.It was an average cheesesteak. I have many better. The thing that really disappointed me was the lack of cheese as I prefer cheesesteaks to be heavy on the cheese.Eh, not bad. Kinda pricey. Tony is a little full of himself, and the sandwiches are just so-so.Great tasting cheese-steak with provolone and onions.  Great tasting eggplant parm hoagie with thick slices of eggplant.  Not greasy at all.  Low keyed.  Located right off I-95, under it actually.  Has it's own parking lot.  Low keyed and convenient to shopping.  
The only bad news is that you need to use port-o-potties.Literally one of the best Cheese steaks that left an impression on me while I was living the in Philly.A landmark spot if you are coming to visit Philly. I got wrapped up in the all the hype from this being featured on TV a few times. This place is out side of the city but would be great to come visit after seeing a sporting event because its near the stadiums. 
I came here as we were leaving town so it was a Philly cheese steak breakfast. Went with a whiz wit (did I say that right?) Needless to say it was pretty heavy to have for breakfast but when in Rome right? 
Great sandwich all the way around. Great flavor on the steak and the whiz is so freaking good. That stuff is truly liquid gold. Yeah its processed and not real cheese but it puts a smile on my face when its around. 
You cant go wrong visiting here, I am sure there are other cheese steak spots that might be better but Tony's wont disappoint. Get her early if you want to beat the rush, only thing missing was a Rolling Rock. CHEERS!!!!I was in Philly Friday night for a business meeting at the Holiday Inn on Packer Ave and when the meeting was over a friend wanted to get something to eat.  Well at 10pm what is better to have then a delicious  cheesesteak.  As anyone familiar with Philly may know - the nearest and tastiest cheesesteak near Packer Ave is Tony Luke's on Oregon.  My friend said that's great plus the fact that he never had a Tony Luke's.  My suggestion was to have the famous Steak Italian.  A juicy sandwich with melt in your mouth steak, provolone cheese and perfectly sautéed spinach (also available with broccoli rabe).  The steak is so tender and the spinach perfectly seasoned that with your first bite you are in cheesesteak heaven. That being said the perfectly made interior would be nothing without a fresh crispy Italian roll because great interior without a great bread kills the whole sandwich.  Needless to say that my friend was taken with the excellent sandwich - and with the city atmosphere and diverse crowd - the local color made it all the better.  It definitely makes the ride from the suburbs well worth it.  Even when going to a Phillies game it is always better waiting and hitting Tony Luke's Oregon after the game. Bravo.Tony Luke is our go to cheesesteak when we take people for both a steak, pork and a chicken sandwich.  They're consistent and have great bread!Yes, I am a Philly native, 25 yrs old and just had Tony Luke's for the first time. I should be jumped for that, no?
I must say, Tony Luke's is some good shiz with whiz... perhaps that's why my cheesesteak was so runny, but it was still delicious!
If you don't get whiz, you're cheesesteak will be a little more dry, clean and easy to eat. 
The service was pretty fast especially when there were about 6 orders in front of us.  The meat never frozen or chopped up. Slices of beef, so some might not like that style. To me... you chew it up anyway, who cares? 
They get an extra star for me cause they provide antibacterial wipes so you can clean your hands. Yay for no germs!Both the American Cheeseteak and the Chicken Cutlet with Spinach were amazing and was worth the wait and the feeling of being massively stuffed the entire road trip back to NY.  Its atmosphere (if you can call it that) is great as it is an outdoor stand that was converted into an indoor area.  I felt like I was waiting in line for my soup from a soup kitchen...but then they gave me a cheese drenched wad of meat on a roll which I promptly doused with hot sauce, peppers, and pickles.
Parking under I-95, an ATM, and homeless guys that wave as you leave...what more can you ask for?We are traveling from Massachusetts back home to Texas and decided we had to stop for an authentic Philly cheese steak. We definitely made the right choice because it was amazing! The bread was so soft and delicious. There was the perfect amount of cheese wiz and onions. The steak was great quality. Literally the best cheese steak I have ever had! And don't even get me started on the curly fries with cheese! They were fantastic! Great, fresh, fries with delicious gooey cheese on top! 
We ordered two "Wiz wit" which means a cheese steak sandwich with beef, cheese wiz, and onions. We shared one side of fries. The sandwich portions are pretty big and filling. 
There is parking along the street, under the overpass next to the restaurant, and across the street.
Location is convenient as it is right off the highway. Make sure you set your GPS to this one though, I accidentally went to the one on broad street and it has pretty bad reviews and is inside the school.Took awhile for my cheesesteak to be done but when it was, I was pleased.  Tony Lukes puts some TLC in the presentation, not like Pat's "king of steaks" where they operate like an assembly line slopping together a cheese steak. I definitely recommend.So, after hearing all the fuss on Yelp, I decided to hop my fat ass on the Metro and head on over to Tony Luke's. After waiting in line for at least 20 minutes, in which is slow torture for someone like me that does not do well in social settings, and being called an "asshole" by some random guy standing next to his wife, I finally got my cheesesteak and headed Downtown to eat my sandmmmicccchhhh at the Gallery. 
It was juicy and tasted good. Lots of flavor and I absolutely loved how it melted in my mouth. It was like a burst of flavor in my mouth, and I consumed it whole (with some awkward stares from other patrons giggling at my greediness). 
But to be quite honest, it was not really that good. I am used to getting that sort of thing from my local convenience store. It was like I was eating the same thing I usually get with more premium beef and richer mayonnaise. 
But I did enjoy my sammmmiccchhhh doh.I heard this was the best spot in Philly for a cheese steak. It was good, but way too greasy for my tastes (Thats what cheesesteaks are all about though right?) I got mine with onions and cheese wiz. I'll go back to try the pork sandwich; people told me that is what I SHOULD have gotten.Great Cheesteak, this place lives up the hype
I prefer this over Jims, Pats and Genos
For starters they take credit cards - I mean come on its 2014 if you are not taking credit cards your business sucks and your cheap. I dont care how good your food is.
This place also gets my nod because its got a full menu- My advice chicken cutlet supreme
Def worth the trip hereIts pretty expensive but atleast they give you alot of meat. I would eat here again but nothing special about this place.Finally! A cheese steak sandwich that didn't let me down! After trying both Geno's and Pats, both of which were terrible we decided to head over to Tony Lukes.
Had to try the cheese steak - much better than the previous two I had eaten earlier.  Better bread, the meat wasn't dry and the onions and cheese were perfect.  Hot peppers on the side were also delicious.
Decided to try the Italian Pork sandwich which was very good too.  Lots of flavor in the meat, not too dry and the brocolli stuff was just ok.  I ended up scraping most of it off but it did make the sandwich flavor unique and not something I can get back on the West Coast.
The lady at the window was also nicer and had some personality.  We had to wait a little while for the food to be made fresh but this was a good thing compared to Geno's and Pat's where you had their scrawny sandwich on your hand before you even got your change!
If you are going to stop and have a cheese steak or Italian Pork sandwich - I had the best luck at Tony Lukes.  Stay away from Geno's and Pat's - they will both let you down.
I'll be sure to come by Tony Luke's the next time I'm in Philly!Only been once, came from out-of-town.  Have tried Pat's and Geno's, and ordered a steak with whiz and fried onions.
It may have been just my particular steak, but the cheese amount was far less than the other standards I tried.  Like, not even close; enough that I originally thought they forgot the cheese when I opened the paper.  However, it completely worked.  The meat was fantastic, and there was a ton of it.  The bread was soft with the right amount of chew, and they put on the perfect amount of onions to get the flavor without the dragonbreath feeling.  Out of Tony's, Pat's, and Geno's, Tony's was my favorite so far.
Notes on the place: the parking is easy.  They have their own lot with probably 12-20 spaces and there are places to park nearby if it's full.  Also, do not expect to be in and out of this place lightning fast like at Pat's and Geno's; the menu is too extensive.  I was just ordering the single cheesesteak at 8PM on a Saturday and it took a solid 45 minutes to get through the line and pick up my order.  But, of course, it's worth it.My review is for cheesesteaks only. I've tried them several times, and every time I am disappointed. I know some will disagree and think that Tony Luke's is the best; cheesesteak lovers are very brand loyal. I prefer a few other places in or outside of the city. 
One time i got a steak at a phillies game. The game ended around 7:30 as it was a 4 o'clock start. I guess I ate the sandwich around 3:30. Between 11:30 PM and 2:30 AM i was in the bathroom and I could not leave out of fear of....well you get the idea. Maybe the most unpleasant experience in my life. 
The ironic thing is I've tried their frozen steak sandwiches sold in some local supermarkets, and they really arent that bad!I am rating this as an average meal.  Filling cheese steak, better than the others.  A lot of things make this better than elsewhere in philly though:
Good moderately priced meal.
Parking
Relatively efficient
Great bread
Good steak
A worryingly low amount of seating would be my only con to driving down here.
They do have breakfast!Tony Luke's ... as good as you are, you still can't beat John's Roast Pork for best cheese steak because you lose on bread. Sesame seed crusted bread wins hands down each time.Best cheese steak in the city...not even close.  If the window people had just a little bit of customer service skills they would receive the full 5 stars.  I posted it on Tony's Facebook page and he de-friended me.  Too busy self-promoting than fixing a real issue with his service.First time having a cheesesteak in Philly. Maybe I've been accustomed to having a spin on cheesesteaks, but this was ok. Got one with sharp provolone, with onions. Honestly I was expecting mouth watering, dropping with cheese and overflowing with meat and onions. Quite the contrary. It was honestly kind of bland and didn't live up to the hype.  We also ordered salt and vinegar fries, which was good until the salt got a little too heavy on the bottom. I'm gonna try a few other places and maybe update this review later on.Fortunately for us it wasn't too crowded the slushy late-afternooon we hit this place up, so we didn't have to wait long in line to hit up their Philly cheesesteaks (with sharp provolone) and some cheese fries.  Cheesesteak was solid - perfect bread texture and you can see individual slices of steak in your 'wich.  The sharp provolone was tasty, though unfortunately for me I think I like my cheesesteaks wit 'whiz.  Fries were tasty salty - luckily those had the whiz :-).  
Note: There's this Tony Luke's windowside eatery with covered outdoor seating. Then there's also Tony Luke's bar and grill across the street.  Not sure what they offer at the bar, but if you need to use the bathroom go to the bar.
Good place to hit up, especially if you want to try some good 'wich not at the touristy hot-spots.  But I have to admit.....I like Pat's and/or Gino's better *runs away cowering in fear under the covers*Definitely not what I grew up with knowing what cheesesteaks are but it's very different and delicious. Loved it! Just didn't like the area too much. Not very family friendly/safe. Parking is a bit shady. Service was nice and pickles and peppers were awesome. 
Will definitely be back if we ever drive through again.If you take a look at my profile, you can tell I went big at Tony Luke's by ordering the cheesesteak and beef buster. The cheesesteak is an original that I felt obligated to try. Got my whiz on and it was a treat. Although I do not think I can ever be flabbergasted by a cheesesteak, I thought it was a pretty legit sandwich.
My surprise of the night was the beef buster. This puppy weighed more than a baby and comes loaded in roast beef, bacon, curly fries, tomatoes, pickles, and special sauce. This sandwich was amazing and truly a fatass loaded with flavors, fat, crunch, protein, and happiness in between a hoagie. The combination might double your cholesterol level but it is well worth the experience.
By the way, I finished both in one sitting - booyea.Being unfamiliar with the city, as a tourist, I'd read several Yelp reviews and had decided that our family's cheesesteak encounter was going to take place at a joint on the north side.  But given how hungry we were after leaving the Phillies game, it was a pleasant and welcome surprise to come across Tony Luke's on our way out of the area.  
Anyway, about the sandwiches...they killed it.  No need to go to somewhere way out of your way because Tony Luke's fits the bill.  My boys and I opted for the cheesesteak with provolone and I had onions, too.  Portions were big and I ended up finishing off my 11-year old's sandwich because he just couldn't handle it, and this kid is a pretty big eater.  Great stuff so I was happy to do it.
This shop is a destination in itself but if you're in the area because you were at one of the sports venues this is a great place to come by before or after the game.  Don't spend ridiculous $$$ for food at the event, spend your money at Tony Luke's!Had the roast pork with broccoli rabe and it was excellent.  Service is walk-up. Ambiance non-existent.  Would definitely return and definitely recommend.The best Chicken Cutlet sandwiches.  Solid cheesesteaks, pork, and other items on the menu as well.Delicious sandwiches of course, but I more wanted to review to warn others of the ATM outside of the restaurant. Not only does Tony Luke's actually accept credit cards (yay!), but the ATM will short you $10 and there is no phone number for recourse. So beware of that, and enjoy the excellent food!I got the cheese wiz with onions. Beyond delicious!Imagine with me, a cheesesteak, but not like those ones you've had before. Oh no, this cheesesteak is like, the kind you dream of. 
Crisp fresh roll- 
fresh real beef
wiz- they have it
real cheese, american cheddar, sharp provolone- they got it
options other than straight up cheesesteaks- they got it.
Tony Luke's to me- is "the Philadelphia cheesesteak" that they are talking about when the terminology is used. It is not some soggy gross, barely full of meat, sandwich. It is close to godliness. If you believe in that sort of thing. The staff are friendly and efficiently, they tear that line down as fast as possible. Their condiments bar- OH MAN- free pickles, and peppers, hell yes!
Oh and their cheesesteaks aren't the only thing they do great- grab a pork italian, grab some fries, grab a burger if you must. This place does everything well and seriously, I'm jealous I can't go grab one right now (even though its 10am and i'm at work- I could totally go for one).
Basically, in the chase for best Philly cheesesteak, TL's is the best, all other's are cheap gross imitations, and they just do not compete with the best!Cheesesteak and drink for a bit over $10.
Definitely better than pats and genos. Unfortunate that it's not as easily accessible without a car. Roast beef is also awesome. Roast pork is even awesome-r.
Fills you up good. The meat wasn't as diced as Jim's (i like my meat chopped finely), but it was definitely one of the best cheesesteaks in Philly.What can I say about tony Luke's...
I'm giving tony Luke's only 3 stars because I didn't really enjoy the bread, was extremely hard to chew and bite. The lady at the window wasn't very friendly and the atmosphere was a bit questionable because there were many soliciting drunks on top of that a lot of the tables weren't clean. 
All that being said I still liked the philly cheesesteak I just wish the bread was a bit more soft.My family's been going here for decades... this is the real deal.  My grandfather used to LOVE the chicken cutlet sandwiches down here, with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe.  I highly recommend it.  
PS- The line moves fast.  Do your part and when you get to the window, be ready to order and then move along :)
One more PS- There is a cash machine right next door- use it...Went to a Phillies game and stopped in prior for lunch since it very close to the stadium. Was there at 1130 am on a Sunday, and the crowd was gathering. Service was great, guy at the counter was messing with me since I had my Mets gear on. All in good fun though, very friendly staff. Food was prompt. I had a cheesesteak w cheese wiz, peppers, onions. Awesome, nice and juicy. Bread was nice and fresh. Delish..Tony Luke's has amazing cheesesteaks! We got the full authentic Philly experience and loved every minute of it. I also really liked the hot pepper station where you can go wild with these little cherry bomb hot peppers that take your steak to the next level!Best roast pork sandwich I have had. Get it with provolone and broccoli rabe. Bigger and better than dinics.After going to Gino's a few months back, I didn't know what to expect since that experience was less than stellar. I got to Tony Luke around 2 PM and the line was nuts!! Always a good sign ;) First off, I like the fact that the cheesestakes were not made in .5 seconds, but instead it took about 5-10 minutes. The crowd was nice, friendly. So we got 3 subs, 2 cheesestakes one with white american and the other with cheese wiz and the roast pork sandwich that I heard was great. 
Cheesestake with American - this was good, but it was missing a little bit of that pow.
Cheesestake with Cheese qiz - Delicious, perfect! The bread was soft and chewy, the cheese was gooey and the meat was cooked perfectly. The bread was good in all sandwiches.
Roast Pork - I didn't, neither did the other 2 people accompanying me care for it. Would not get the Parmesany vinegary sandwich.
I didn't realize that I had to ask for Onions (not sure, but if they did that) until after we were sitting in the car eating, but I can imagine how that would make these sandwiches perfect.
By far my favorite cheesestake, I am glad its not close close to my house here in VA, or I might have a few more pounds on me ;)I heard about this place from the food network. I love Philly cheesesteaks so obviously I had to come check this place out. I was debating between this and pats, but I didn't have time to go to pats since my flight was leaving soon. The sandwich was ridiculously juicy and very well portioned. The only thing is its a little greasy, but then again it's a philly cheese steak ....lolDuring a road trip we set off to find the best cheese steak in Phili, what can I say experiencing some of the best food the world has to offer is part of my on going bucket list (http://bitly.com/1j6OryT) and if Tony Luke's isn't already on your list it should be! 
This place may not have the best outside appearance but the magic of this place is what occurs at the grill! I simply can't image how one could make a better cheese steak, hats off to this place! Welcome to my list of places you absolutely must visit before you die!
It's rare I would travel out of my way just to get a sandwich but from this point forward if I am with in 60 miles of Phili a side trip to Tony Lukes is now considered a mandatory detour!I visited this Philadelphia staple with my brother who just recently moved there. He immediately took me off the plane and directly to his favorite Steak sandwich place. After waiting in line for 30 mins, which is a good sign it's delicious, we got to order and eat. It was amazing and worth the wait. The meat is perfect, the bread is amazing and the fries are worth eating. If you are in Philly you gotta try this place out.After all the hype I decided to give this place a go. My uncle and I were just cruising around without a concrete place in mind for lunch and I mentioned as we passed by that I've never been here. Our rule for our meals is that we generally go to places neither of us have been before. So we made a u-turn and decided to try out the famous Tony Luke's.
Luckily we got there before the after work rush. We were able to go right to the window and order and claim a bench to eat on. I ordered the "beef w/ greens", getting spinach, while my uncle ordered the chicken steak hoagie. We decided to share the signature "pork w/ greens"- choosing the broccoli rabe. We also ordered fries and sodas.
The fries were the only hot thing on our table. The sandwiches were lukewarm (or is that the joke?) and the rolls quickly got soggy.
We were both highly disappointed. My uncle's chicken steak hoagie was bland. I was shocked just how tasteless it was.  My beef w/ greens was meh, tasteless and soggy. Thankfully the provolone cheese added a little bit of flavor. Maybe it was better w/ whiz- but I doubt it. The pork w/ greens was the best of the three- and even that was a reach. A tiny bit above meh, and neither of us could understand all the hype. 
Not somewhere I would come back to or suggest anyone visiting or living in the city take pains to visit. Far better places in the city with far better sandwiches.Just got in to Philly tonight and this was our first stop as many people warned us to stay away from Pat's and Gino's and go here instead. My wife and I split both the Italian pork with the rabe as well as a cheese steak with onions, peppers and wiz. The bread was awesome on both the sandwiches. The Italian was pretty good but didn't blow me away. The cheese steak was really good. You can tell that it decent quality meat put in these. The oozy wiz sent this sandwich over the edge. Good place will have to hit this up again before we leave.!Tony Luke's. You see the fat man on television on Man vs. Food and the sandwiches he makes: just stupid. When you get there, it's got it's own style as well. I've been to Pat's & Geno's (meh) and their turrible service and sloppy sandwiches, respectively. 
They have their own special Italian bread; almost cibatta like. I enjoyed "Wit whiz" but really it needed some peppers. And some cheese fries. It wasn't too sloppy and runny but just enjoy to savor the Whiz. Easy to park around, hot sauce available and napkins are plenty. I will definitely go here before any other places but what the hell does an outta towner know about real Philly cheesesteaks?Not bad for a late night meal after a long flight. Not the best steak I have had. WAY to much salt.On a quest to find the best Philly cheesesteak, we made a planned trip to Tony Luke's (after having already tried both Pat's and Geno's before). Between the three of them, I definitely like Tony Luke's the best... clear cut ribeye steak, I went with whiz, fried onions and tomato. Very tasty and messy - as it should be. The line on a Saturday at noon wasn't horrible and we easily found a table. REALLY off the main road in a more industrial area that butts right up to the start of a neighborhood. Parking could be a challenge as their lot isn't that big (we got lucky this day with a spot). Only a 7  minute drive to the heart of Philly. Next on my list... Jim's and Steve's for the ultimate cheesesteak winner! :)