Went here for restaurant week + happy hour and ordered the following:
1. Dollar oysters - better than those from Oyster House! Really good deal for $1 each
2. Olde Dock Street Oyster Stout - I've had better but not bad
3. Oysters Belmont - a better version of Oysters Rockefeller; love the manchego in it!
4. Steak Oscar - what won me over was the crab hollandaise which was a nice addition to the usual steak dish
5. S'mores verrine - not bad, not too sweet, just right (not great either)
Love the ambiance as well! Service was impeccable. Will be back.Not that great. We stopped in for cocktails after dinner and neither was that good. The service was slow - despite several people standing around, they apparently did not help each other and the person taking care of us was nowhere to be seen. The bar wasn't very busy either. I'd been wanting to try this place but was pretty let down.Well that was a surprising and lovely evening... The raw platter with the shrimp and cocktails centered by lobster was perfect for two.  Very fresh, simple, elegant.  The $5 house Chardonnay was perfect... With a slight vanilla under tone that complemented the seafood!  Good evening out with an old friend... Best thing I can do is say thank you!!Really disappointing experience. We decided to start our Friday night here and we were excited to check out this place. We sat at the bar since there were only two other groups there. We asked about the food options and the bartender informed us that the kitchen was closed. This is where the staff was flawed: instead of a quick apology and taking our drink order, they instead told us to go someplace else down the street to eat. We had to explain to them that we were here for their drinks and that eating wasn't our main priority. It was surprising that a nearly empty bar on a Friday night would actually send away customers instead of trying to keep their business. We stayed and ordered one round since this interaction made us feel unwelcome. 
I ordered the pepper pot - delicious! If you like a peppery-ginger taste, then order this!!
The two bartenders spoke to the other two small groups at the bar - instead of us, so after finishing our first round we asked for the bill. Only once I put on my coat did someone come over and ask how I enjoyed my drink. I raved about it because I've never had anything like it. It's strange that the staff didn't recognize that a simple conversation with their patrons would have kept us there for one more round - increasing their business.
We typically look for bars that have great mixologists because we enjoy the interaction with them and their conversation. I would understand being ignored IF they were busy, but not under these circumstances.Fish house punch
Wine
Miller beer on draft $3
French fries
A dozen oysters
Came here for happy hour.  The oysters were bland but worth a buck a piece 
Everything else was okay. The bar has a nice ambianceLet's see, where do we start?
- The waitress, though very friendly, couldn't give any details on a single item from the menu
- We had to remind her about one of our appetizers (ended up coming after the entree)
- My burger was absolute mush. The so-called oyster jam looked like a huge booger and did not add anything in terms of taste
- Finally, my friend forgot his card there and, over the course of three days, the place made no attempt to get it back to him--despite the fact that he'd made a reservation via OpenTable and therefore could had easily looked up his contact information to return it (not their fault he forgot it to begin with, but why not extend that courtesy?)
In short, the experience was pretty rough all around. 
If you're craving oysters, take the extra five minutes to head over to UC to Doc McGroggan's.Nice restaurant with an old gangsta feeling :-). Felt like I was in The Godfather movie.  I will say they made me a dinner I wouldn't refuse if I'm back in philly.  I have the oyster rockerfella, salmon and steak with asparagus and potatoes.  This wasn't an actual dish but a combination would f food that was served to our large party in separate portions.  I've never had dinner served that way but it was a good experience.  Something about philly that strikes me as different.  I was staying in the center city area and the environment is kinda of rough looking.  I say that to emphasize to not judge a book by its cover.  For the price and menu selection, I anticipated a much nicer building/location, but was by no means disappointed.  I share this information for out of towners who never been to philly.  I would recommend the restaurant.  I only have three stars because I didn't get to experience a regular service but anticipate I would still be pleased with the experience.Went with a few couples last Saturday for their Weekend Happy Hour. How cool is that? $1 oysters were great so we did 3 dozen! Our cocktails were delicious, and Michael our bartender must have been an old guy in a young guys body. A true Craftsman at his trade, and totally personable! Can't wait to go back.Oh, come on. It's a Jose Garces restaurant. That means some things are given, including the staff--who, without exception, are friendly, knowledgeable and even gregarious without being obnoxious. The drinks are superb, and that too is a given. Keep in mind that this place is called a bar for a reason: most of the menu is taken up by seemingly infinite alcohol choices. The comparatively limited food selection surely will have something to catch your eye, however. My dining partner has declared the Golden Buck to be the best thing she's ever eaten. Because she is utterly incapable of hyperbole, that's saying something. (And that's some hyperbole right there.) The crab cake is nearly all-crab and definitely all-succulent. What I'm saying is that there's a familiar culinary craft evident here.
The main bar area, the old President's Room, has a delightful mix of the old and the new. I find it surprising, just a bit, that the bar has TVs and the room reverberates with rock music ... not exactly the same vibe as that at Village Whiskey, for instance. But The Olde Bar is bigger and and more "public," if you will. I'm told the idea is to recall both the glory days and the more pandering latter days of Bookbinder's.
One thing I have to note: the waiting/host area is off-putting. It's a big, empty room devoid of character. The rear and right walls are nothing more than huge accordion partitions, perhaps blocking from view the banquet- and event-centric spaces of the ground floor. On a busy night one wouldn't notice the unwelcoming nature of the room, but when it's empty save for a sad-looking host/ess station ... eh. (But again, compare this to Village Whiskey, with its phone-booth-sized vestibule.) It's a small gripe, but it does give you pause when you first step inside. Fortunately, I don't expect a lot of slow nights at this place. And once you step through the psuedo ship's wheel ....
The Olde Bar has been open less than two weeks but it has hit the ground running. I recommend you catch up with it.Even the bartender had to do a double take when he printed my check for 3 old fashioneds at $24 each. I don't care how "high end" you position your bar, be fair. We also ordered 18 of the buck a schuck oysters and they were so unremarkable and bland, we left a few on the plate. So many other great bars in Philly, don't waste your time and money here.I was so excited by this place because of the old bindery decoration on the outside.  The service and drinks were good.  We didn't eat anything.Great bartenders and servers.
Had a man full of trouble, some old fashions, and two absinthe shooters - absolutely delicious.
The food was great, had the oysters belmont, golden buck, and deviled eggs for snacks/appetizers then moved onto clams and mussels for dinner (two of us, perfect amount of food).  The clams were overly salty but that's really the only complaint and the mussels were excellent.
Fantastic atmosphere/vibe, great date spot, look forward to going again.Very pleasantly surprised by this garces chain. So much so I almost had to give it 5 stars. Excellent food and staff. The salmon was cooked to perfection. Crispy skin that you always imagine and expect a well cooked fish to have, with a moist and succulent interior. Perfect mid rare steak. Really good oysters which I usually never even eat. 
The interior is designed like a bar and looks just a little empty and leaving a bit to be desired. 
But really an unexpected treat. Would say just as good as their flagship Amada regarding the food. Spruce up the interior a little bit and would possibly make it into the rare 5 star category for me. 
Well done.I'll give them credit on the cocktail selection, but that is about it. Service was lackluster, prices were obnoxious (and I'm in from SF).
I was referred here by a friend due to enjoying scotch and whiskey. The costs for basic call bourbons are over $10, which can only lead you to imagine what a nice glass of whiskey or scotch costs. The bartender seemed as though I was bothering when asked what he recommended. I ended up having one drink, re-routing some friends who were to join me, and enjoying our evening elsewhere.
Thanks, but no thanks.Let me start off by saying nothing was particularly "bad". Some things were good, some other things not so much. We started off with the Olde Bar Fries which honestly were some of the best, if not the best fries I've ever had. You get a huge mound of them and it's definitely enough for two. The cheese, crab, and prep of them is pretty perfect. The snapper turtle soup was good enough, but the sherry cream that comes with it, is waaaaaay overpowering. I tried just putting the tiniest of bits in and I still could taste it over the soup, so it went unused.
Next we did the raw bar tower. What this consists of is everything in the raw bar menu. I love oysters, but am no where near an expert. I have seen the same exact prices elsewhere, but $40 for a dozen is too much for me. You can find ones very similar in taste, for a lot less. These were pretty small. The clams were raw with nothing else to them. The crab cocktail tasted like it was just thrown in some mayo. That's all we tasted was the mayo, didn't even finish it. The shrimp remoulade, was 4 big ones in a sauce. The shrimp weren't cooked 100%  it wasn't enough for me to send it back, but I could see someone else doing that. Nothing special about it. The lobster was cooked good and chilled. The dipping sauce for that was mayo based as well with, I could be wrong, but seemed like light sriracha. Was ok enough. So the fries were good, the soup was just ok, and the seafood tower was really disappointing. I certainly don't feel like I got my moneys worth. Oh and their "punch" tasted more like lemonade than anything. The service was really friendly and great. We are most likely going to give it another visit, but certainly not getting the seafood tower again. If you're looking for a seafood spot, look elsewhere, we are certainly going to.Best oysters hands down!! Sat at the bar and enjoyed their happy hour to the fullest extent. Very cool interior and great location. Only con was the bartenders. They had a major attitude and weren't attentive at all. 
Can't wait to go back to Philly and check this place out again for the happy hour!Historic restaurant restored beautifully by The Garces Group. The character and decor of this place is like nothing else in Philadelphia. Delicious oysters, mussels and a crab cake to die for. Not the least expensive place for eats in Philly, so if you're looking for a quick cheap meal, this is not for you. However, if you are planning for a nice dinner out with friends family or colleagues and looking for a unique dining experience, this is a must try!!Came here on a Friday night & it was pretty busy. Our server was Matt he was very helpful. He was always there to help us with our orders & accommodate to our need to be in and out fairly quickly. My friends & I got the (1) Cape Cod Mussels, (2) Fish & Chips, (3) Shrimp & Grits (4) Jumbo Lump Crab Cake, and (4) the market fish of the day, which was salmon. Everything was delicious and perfectly cooked. The chips that came with the fish and chips were a bit salty but still yummy.Stopped by for happy hour, which is 5-7PM Monday through Friday and 4-6PM weekends. $1 oysters!!!
- Blue point oysters: These were the happy hour oysters. Large, meaty east coast oysters. Shucked well. 
- Roll mops: Interesting anchovy snack with pickled cucumbers and soured cream. Nice and salty. 
- Golden buck: If you like cheese go for this one. It's basically bread with a cheddar cheese sauce mixed with an oxtail marmalade topped with a runny egg. The citrus of the marmalade overpowered a bit too much in this dish. 
- Beef cut fries: Comes with old bay mayo. 
- Snapper soup: Perfect choice for a cold day =) Well seasoned soup with little pieces of turtle meat and veggies. Garnished with a hard boiled quail egg and served with a small dish of sherry espuma. A spoonful of the sherry espuma added to my soup was enough for me, just to add a little kick. Great version of a classic soup.The oysters were great. The lobster roll was one of the worst I've ever had. The lobster was tough and the roll was tasteless.We had the seafood tower as an appetizer (half tower for 6 people). Plenty of food and was decent. I had the crab cake as my wntree, which was nothing special. Overall, I wasn't impressed at all and probably will not return. Didn't hate the meal, but wouldn't recommend this place -- it's just not worth the money.This place has the best happy hour on Saturdays. From 4-6, buck a shuck and $5 bar food menu. They also have discounts on wine, beer and rum drinks. I always have a good time when I go here. The beef fat fries are delicious and the oysters are always fresh. The service is great too. This place is ideal for a date or for a group. The burger looks divine, though it's $18. I highly recommend happy hour at this place. The venue is the old Book Binders which is located in a cool historical buildings. It's a very cool spaceBuck-a-shuck oysters!!! it was fast and the oysters were awesome- and the place wasnt packed like oyster house is... so we loved it! We only had oysters though- so we cant speak for any of the other food.Food: 4
Decor: 4.5
Ambiance: 4.5
Service: 4
Value: 4
I've been wanting for years to come and see the Old Original Bookbinders location. Basically, anything would have been acceptable for us to feel it necessary to make the trip here. However, they luckily have a very good happy hour that includes weekends. Food is above average, and the drink deals are good as well. Definitely looking forward to trying this place for a full dinner at some point in the future.My lover and I were gamboling around the city, taking a lover's walk, if you will.  We had just come from the lovely Welshly Arms Hotel, where the hot tub was under routine maintenance and disinfecting.  While on our lover's walk, hand in hand with my lover, the heat of her body radiating off of her like an erotic miasma, we came across the Olde Bar.  Wanting oysters and clams to enhance my already-potent libido, we entered the establishment.
The cockles did not disappoint.  My lover and I fed each other the fresh, salty seafood, mignonette dripping down my beard and pooling in my lap.  I devoured a lobster roll as my lover licked the cheese off of a welsh rarebit.  All the while, our legs intertwined under the table, like a secret worth telling but worth keeping all the same.  
We left the Olde Bar, shirts drenched in sweat and melted butter, doggy bags filled to the brim with beef fat fries, as we embarked on another lover's walk.We were able to walk in with no reservations (which I don't believe they take, actually) at 7pm on a Saturday night, which is pretty much unheard of in the city. The hostess was friendly and accommodating, recommending their booths in the bar area, which was the perfect choice.
Now for the food & drink: The menu is small but strong, and the drinks are strong and expertly made. I stuck to wine, but the Sauvignon Blanc was crisp, bright and a great contrast to the rich food we ordered. My friend had 2 different cocktails, both highly praised. They use ice blocks instead of cubed, machine ice...c'mon, it's ice, but you KNOW that makes a difference.
Ordered the beef fat fries special (served w lobster butter fondue and crabmeat) and oysters to start. Russell, our waiter, was on point with his suggestions for both. The fries were out of this world...terrific combination of really indulgent flavors.
I had the steak oscar, which was topped with an incredible crabmeat hollandaise. The only -1 here is the temperature wasn't quite right...a little more toward the medium well end than medium. My friend's mussels were amazing...the broth could serve as a soup - just that good! 
Very pleased to see that the old Bookbinders building has become a spot to visit again!We went to Olde Bar on 2/13 (Saturday night).  
We loved the Garces restaurants in the past, so looked forward to what we hoped would be a reinvention of a tired Original Bookbinders. Sadly, this was less reinvention than a reopening - with notable misses in execution. Decor is basically Original Bookbinders. Front of house staff seemed lost - kept telling us our table was "almost ready" and looking confused.  We were seated originally at a table near the front, which was literally FREEZING.  I would have had to eat in my parka.  Got moved to a table near the back, which was a little better.  Hostess says "It's an old building..."  Yes - but should diners be prepared to eat in the tundra?  Every building in Philly is old, no?  
Wine list is extremely limited - 4 red wines on the list (a pinot noir, rioja, a barbera, and a "house" wine). More whites/sparkling (7/6 options), and a lot of specialty cocktails. OK, so it's not for a wine-drinking crowd. Rioja was $48, but was truly mediocre. 
The menu is pub fare, with oysters thrown in for interest. We ordered oysters (very nice), Olde Bar fries (thick cut fries w/ crabmeat and cheese sauce - tasty), snapper soup (more on that later), burger, crabcake, and strawberry shortcake. 
The snapper soup was an unmitigated disaster. It was brought out with a side of frothed sherry cream, garnished with a hardboiled, split quail egg. While the bowl was hot, it appeared that the soup had been sitting for some time, as the top of the soup had hardened into an extremely unpleasant "skin", into which the split quail egg was embedded. Even more unpleasant, when I looked at the side of sherry cream, there was a hair right in the middle of it. We decided it wasn't a good night for soup, so sent it back and cancelled the order. No soup for you!
The burger was good - but we've had better burgers at SmashBurger. Came with a side of what can only be described as extremely thick, limp, and oily potato "chips."  Either that, or thin, soggy, oily potato slices.  Regardless, unappetizing to say the least.
Crabcake was nothing special, but ok. There was an odd lemon curd sauce on the side that did nothing to complement. 
Service was overall very good. However, given the disaster of the soup, I would have at least have thought we would have been comped on dessert. The dinner was over $200 with tip, and for that price, Olde Bar was an absolute underperformer - I would put it on my "bottom 3" of worst meals at the Philly restaurant scene (and we've enjoyed the Philly resto scene for 20 years). We've come to expect much more from Garces, but even without the recognized name, it was a poor showing for any chef.I have been attempting to visit The Olde Bar for months now in order to take advantage of their Saturday Happy Hour (Saturday, downtown, 4-6?  YES PLEASE).  Unfortunately on every occasion the bar has been booked for a private party, so I have gone away disappointed.  
CALL AHEAD TO MAKE SURE THEY ARE OPEN!!!
Finally, this past Saturday, they were.  
We arrived at 4pm sharp, and the bar was already half-full.  This is an old-school establishment, lots of dark wood, high ceilings, old(ish) fixtures, tiled floor, cozy booths, high top tables and a long wooden bar with their daily oysters showcased in ice.  Our server (Candy) greeted us immediately upon our being seated, and proceeded to provide professional, courteous, attentive and perfect service.  Questions were answered clearly and with obvious knowledge and understanding of the menu.  Drinks arrived promptly after being ordered, plates were removed soon after being finished, but at no point did Candy seem to be hovering or rush us.  Best service I've experienced in a long time!
To the food - happy hour buck-a-shuck oysters were fresh and delicious, clean and free of grit or sand.  The beef fat fries are amazing and addicting, the fried shrimp a bit on the greasy side but tasty, the rarebit apparently off (our friends had in on another visit and said this one was lacking), the deviled eggs a fun little bite,  and the Buffalo cauliflower shocking satisfying.  All appetizers were $5 - great deal in Old City! Drinks were also quite good, with the Fish House Punch the standout boozy tart star.  The Olde Bar Oyster Stout was thick and malty (I didn't ask who brewed it for them) and at $4 a deal as well.  The happy hour menu lists house red and white wine at $5, and staff choice draft beer at $4.  
The entire bar was neat and clean, and as stated before the staff kept the table clean during dining.  Bathrooms are immaculate.  
I have yet to dine at the Olde Bar, but after this Saturday Happy Hour visit I fully intend to as soon as possible.  
And once again, thanks Candy!- TIP:  Great for drinks with a group.  The place is perfect for a classic gin martini.
- CON: A bit tricky for drinks with a date as the bar room is set up with longer communal tables.
- BOTTOM LINE:  Haven't had the food yet, but have been for drinks multiple times -- and in my opinion it's the most solid bar for cocktails in Old City.This is so bad they take forever to give  u ur food we have been here for like 2hr and still did not get foodsTo preface this, I just want to say that I realize this bar is new despite its old location, and that it is most likely still finding itself. I plan to give it a little while and return, then update my review accordingly.
The doorman is very friendly and pleasant, so you feel welcome right away. The interior of the bar is of course beautiful, and it was great to see that they polished up the old architecture rather than trying to "update" it or doing something else silly. My friend and I sat at the bar. 
There were four bar tenders working behind the bar simultaneously. At first I thought they each had a section of the bar to take care of, but they were all crossing over each other and at times getting in each other's way. For most of the night there were two bar tenders right near us without much to do (although when they weren't serving they were polishing, organizing - definitely not just standing around, and for that I give them lots of credit). Then, when we were ready to pay and leave, it took a long time to get someone's attention. This is probably one of those things that will get worked out over time so that the bar runs like a well-oiled machine, and I hope to go back and find out.
When the bar tender asked what we wanted to drink, my friend asked what whiskey drinks they make very well. She does this often, and at most places we've been the response is usually a pause followed by a couple of suggestions, and at some gutsy places they don't say anything and just make the magic happen. The response at The Olde Bar was "We make everything very well." Not only is this not true, it demonstrates a lack of understanding of the bar's/bartender's strengths. The drinks definitely weren't bad, but they weren't amazing. Again, I'm sure they're working on their drinks and I look forward to coming back and giving them another try.I would rate this as one of the list of best bars in the U.S.A. to go to. My wife and I sat at the bar, which we don't normally do, and were served by a quintessentially professional bartender/server that should teach classes. His suggestions and food to cocktail pairings were on point. Some of the best raw oyster assortments one could have with a perfectly executed Hendrick's Gin martini, (perfectly a bit on the dirty side like I requested), with cocktail onions instead of olives as requested.
They also have incredible beer and wine choices and you can tell their leader cares enough to train customer service and suggestive selling. Well done gang!Good food, good service. We went at night and it was just a little too dark in there. I get they were trying to set a "mood", but it needs to be a little brighter inside lolBesides the uncanny bad service for an upscale old city restaurant, the food isn't that awesome. Steak Oscar was over done, cut into three large slices (that's a first for me). I love the buck a shuck, but that's about it.
After a bad dinner experience we said why not go back for the buck a shuck at least. We were seated and once we let our server know that we were getting oysters she repeated our order, looked away, and then walked away. Strangest thing that's happened to me in a restaurant. We then order some of the $5 apps and the same attitude. Like she was pissed that we were going to have a $100 bill. My girlfriend watched her do the same thing to another table. I wanted to leave immediately but we have a 2 year old son and don't get many times to eat out by ourselves.
It feels like the last time Garces was there, was when he wrote the 6 entree menu a year ago. It's obvious there is no leadership, and those who have had the main menu are only coming back for happy hour. No mas, no masPrice is way to unreasonable. The appetizers and desserts are subpar. Impressive numerous selection of whisky. Sublime atmosphere and super nice restroom though!This is a great place for artisanal cocktails!! Very cool, old school vibe going on. The bartenders are knowledgeable and enthusiastic about the retro drink menu. I didn't have anything to eat during my visit but will plan another trip to do so.My fiancé took me here for my birthday dinner. Our first waitress was not pleasant at all but they quickly switched her out to another waiter who was great! They have a cute side walk area to dine on. We had the oysters for the app which were out of this world and of course ordered the lobster which was fabulous, though was expecting more than whole potatoes for the side dish.My wife and I had a great experience at the olde bar.  We showed up for happy hour and stayed for dinner.  The steamed mussels and battered shrimp are both great.  For dinner my wife had the lobster roll and I had the crab cake.  Both were outstanding.  Overall,  the olde bar has a ton of history and does a great job in terms of food and drink.  It's a bit pricey but that's to be expected.  Definitely check it out.4-6 happy hour. $1 oysters. Friendly staff. Gets busier after 5. Good old city choice.Excellent service, fresh raw bar and seafood, good drinks, great strawberry cake for dessertStopped for a Bloody Mary , took 20min to be waited on... was never informed it was super spicy - bankers club vodka - sent it back, another 20 min - glass half full - $13 - are you kidding me - ! 10 people in the restaurant for Sunday brunch -If it weren't for the food I would never even think about going back. The service was terrible. I've been a waitress for over 25 years and have never seen anything like this. We never really were sure who our waitress was, the servers spent more time at the service bar and filling pitchers of water, then tending to their customers. And to top it all off they gave us the wrong check, which I pointed out, unbeknownst to me that I shouldn't have said anything because it was less then our actual check. When I finally asked to speak to a manager, she was condescending and unapologetic, although she did promise it wouldn't happen the next time I return, ha! Can't say I'll ever find out if she can keep that promise.The beer was good. They seated us quickly. The server was helpful. We didn't order fresh seafood, which I regret now. But I'm pregnant and the beer cheese fries with lump crab sounded so good to me. It's not good. Too much cheese and the three lumps of crab were tiny.
Husband preferred fish and chips. The sauce is terrible, the fish was okay...better than long John silvers: and it comes with fries...not chips. 
Anyway might be worth a shot but at least don't order the crab fries or the fish and chips.Awesome service and drinks on a late Wednesday night. Ask for Mike the bartender - knows his drinks.Jose,you should be ashamed. Always been a fan of your restaurants but the clam bake at Olde Bar today was  a misstep. Over-cooked seafood, paella that was just flavored rice. Rolls, corn, and potato salad good. Definitely not worth $40 a head. Not a good advertisement for returning to main restaurant. Most fun was meeting and chatting with folks at our table.My husband brought me here for my birthday over the weekend and it was...not good. We got the Valentine's Day tasting menu, since it was a special occasion, and had pretty high expectations. 
The server was clearly in the weeds the entire meal, while the manager just stood at the bar chatting with his friends, making no effort to help her out or even touch any of the tables in the dining room. The server had the skills of your average Applebee's employee and didn't seem to have fine dining experience: she put her dirty beverage tray on the table while dropping drinks, silverware wasn't polished, the bottom of the wine glasses were filthy, she said the word "upcharge" like we should know what that means, and she had a really limited grasp of the menu. 
The pacing was really odd, the first two courses came out so quickly I had barely finished chewing what came before and then we waited a very long time for the entree course. The raw course was fine, but you can't really mess that up. The second appetizer course was really bad. The shrimp toast (I think it was shrimp? It was pretty unidentifiable) was chewy and rubbery, the bread mushy, the sauce incredibly bland and the most unappetizing shade of puke brown I've ever seen. The foie gras was runny, the toast it came on was hard like it was stale. 
No one asked how we would like our ribeye cooked and it came out medium well, which is not our preference. We had noticed about 5 minutes before it came out that we hadn't provided a temp to the server, but then couldn't get anyone's attention to mention it. We would have sent it back but the server was never at our table for more than 2 seconds, did not ask us how we were enjoying the food, and we couldn't flag anyone down. The steak was pre-sliced so someone in the kitchen took a look at it, decided it seemed fine, and sent it out. We were only provided with one steak knife and had to share.The manager had his back to us and was completely oblivious to anything happening in the dining room. 
The dessert, a baked alaska, was completely soggy. Have you ever had soggy marshmallow? It's revolting. My husband politely informed the food runner that it was my birthday and he said "Oh? Cool!" and walked away. I don't think he informed the server because she never acknowledged it. We weren't looking for a freebie, just a candle in the dessert. 
The food runner cleared away wine glasses that weren't empty more than once. If I pay $12 for a glass of wine, I'd like to finish it. 
We left a decent tip, because we're former restaurant people, but I was sincerely disappointed and honestly felt like it put a damper on my birthday, since I spent $200 that could have been used on a more pleasant dining experience. I expect more from a Garces restaurant.So, I was a BIG fan of the Olde Bar before this Valentine's Day. We had reservations for 7:30 on Saturday night, super excited for a fine dining experience. Only to walk in and the whole restaurant in every room is 50 degrees, bathroom even colder. We thought it was just bitter cold outside and drafty but no -- we realized everyone was eating with their jackets on. 1st red flag. The waitress said, "it's an old building" -- so is every other building in Philadelphia lol 
Then they squished us into a little table, on top of the table behind us, when there was plenty of other seating and tables around. We were in a good mood so thought it would warm up once we got our drinks. Never got warmer. 
We did the $85 dollar tasting menu -- first apps were excellent: Oysters, shrimp and stone crab claws (a bit tiny). second courses, and third, were ok. but because it was so cold in the restaurant everything else turned cold instantly including our steak, which made it really unenjoyable. 
Service was meh --- at one point I had no water or wine and she walked past us several times. For all the money we spent, it was not the service or experience I was expecting, especially since we were WOWed the first time we were there. 
And, after getting all the way to dessert we realized we never even got our mussles that were on the list. 
She never asked us how our meal was just said let me know when you want the check. Didn't feel like complaining bc our waitress didn't seem to care anyway. Waste of $250, and we should have left and went somewhere warmer. 
Wont be back.The concept that Chef Garces has created for this Philadelphia standard is very much appreciated and needed. The service, drinks and food were all excellent. GRG not only paid quiet homage to the Philadelphia institution but expanded and created a historical record of well executed cocktails on the menu. It was wonderful to see such cocktails as the Last Word invented at the Detroit Athletic Club and the Pegu invented at a British Officers Club in what was then Burma. A very nice selection of food items in various portion sizes. Well done!A friend and I stopped by on a Sunday around 5, we totally hit the jackpot! Not only do they have a happy hour everyday (which is totally clutch) but the happy hour includes $1 oysters! Need I say more. They also have some really good apps for $5 and drink specials! We ordered 10 oysters each to start, calamari, and mussels. They also serve their signature bread which is delicious! We ordered their fish house punch which -- eh wasn't my fave but was good if you like rum and bitters. We ended up getting some house white wine which was also on the happy hour menu and more oysters of course! Everything was amazing! As our entrees, which neither of us had room to even eat half of, I got the olde bar burger and my friend got the fish and chips! Both delicious! 
We will for sure be returning and making this one of our favorite happy hour spots! 
Also everyone was super nice our server was amazing! I which I could remember her name!Had the valentines prefixed menu... Which was good not great. First shrimp
In appetizer was spoiled but they replaced it and it was fine. The most disturbing things were 1. the bathrooms were freezing and a constant draft came from there forcing us to wear our coat 2. The woodwork waynescoat had a thick coat of dust. It was a big disappointment for Garces.Rob, Chi, and Rito were beyond AMAZING!!!! They turned my husbands mediocre birthday celebration into a remarkable night and even sang to him with an amazing drink:) The drinks were delicious, fun and memorable! Can't rave about this place enough!!!! Love themI've done happy hour twice here and I have to admit I'm a fan. If you can get here between 4-6 PM (weekends too), it's worth it to start your boozing and eating early. You can get a decent selection of $5 snacks, discounted drinks, and buck a shucks. 
Here's a brief rundown on what we ordered:
Oysters Belmont - awesome. This was one of my first forays into the land of oysters and it was pretty darn good. cheesy, yummy, and delectable. 
East Coast Oysters (3 for $5) - This was actually my first set of raw oysters ever. The waitress was extremely helpful and didn't make me feel silly for having no idea what to order. Their selection is exhaustive, so I appreciated the help!
Beef fat fries - not anywhere close to as good as Garces' Duck Fat Fries at Village Whiskey. The accompanying sauce, wasn't my favorite either. However, you can't really mess up fried potatoes that much, so i still finished all of them...
Rarebit - fancy cheesy bread. enough said. 
Crab cake (not on happy hour) - excellent. full of flavor with not a lot of filler. One of the better, more robust crab cakes I've had (however, it ain't cheap - one of them will set you back $20.)
In terms of drinks, I tried the happy hour Fish House punch and wasn't that impressed. I definitely recommend splurging on the full priced menu items if you're interested in cocktails.Went in around 5 on a Sunday and was told there was a 30 min, which was fine, the issue was standing at the bar for that 30 min trying to get a drink while waiting and never even being acknowledged by the bartenders.  When we finally were able to order the drinks our table was ready.  Our server was great and he was the saving grace to the whole experience...not sure I will be going back anytime soonI have no idea why this place has only 3.5 stars on yelp. More folks need to give this place a higher rating. The first time I came here was with girlfriends for a night out.  The cocktails, food, and ambiance were out of this world.  The Sloe Gin Fizz is a knockout, but so were all of the cocktails.  The raw bar is a great feature.  I had such a grand time that I insisted my husband come back the very next night to check it out.  He loved it.  We come here frequently and relish in the extensive cocktail list, and fab food choices.Beautiful dark wood, pretty ceilings interior at the renovated classic. Cool 60's music playing during a Fri night happy hour. I got there at 5:45 after a Ritz movie. Place was packed. I waited 15 min for a seat at a 'communal' 4top. Seats were uncomfortable, hard, wooden, no cushions, & high. The couple next to me was greeted , & had order taken before me. I was in line before them, and am a single diner. My water glass was never refilled. The tasty house punch was served in a small cup with an awkward handle. I ordered 6 hh oysters from Cape May. ($1/ea)
They were good; would have been better if I got a lemon with it. But the server wouldn't know, as he never came around to ask how my meal was . I then ordered the olde Bar fries (like a poutine w/fries, cheese, lobster). Fries were overdone even burnt, dish was not hot . Again, server did not offer me any condiments. I felt ignored. I had to wait 10 min to flag down & ask him for the bill. And then he asked if I want another punch. 
Service was inefficient, slow, inattentive. Hh menu had good options and decent prices. Food taste just ok. The location is great- olde city.Amazing cocktails.   Great food.  Open late.    Comfortable dark atmosphere.   We went for food and drink around 10pm and really enjoyed ourselves.  We will be back again.  Olde Bar does not take reservations.     We had the snapper soup, clam chowder, oysters, crab cake and lobster roll.  All were excellent.  The cocktails here are top notch and now prefer this as the place for my last cocktail before retiring in for the night.Love the Olde Bar! Decor and atmosphere is cool, if a bit loud and chilly, but it's a historical building so not much you can do about that. Beef fat fries were A+, crab cake was absolutely phenomenal. We had the sweetest server ever - you rule Jasmine. Will be back!This place has such a cool feel to it. It was a great place to hide away on a hot 95 degree day. It feels like someones very class library lounge. We only had beers ($6 - $7) but we will definitely be back to try some food and some of the great looking cocktails. 
We were here a few weeks back for an event for my college in the room next door. Its pretty large and the catered food and open bar was nice. I do remember being freezing cold that day (it was raining out).We only had oysters and drinks during the happy hour and it was good.  Oysters were $1 each and it was fresh.  Drinks were nice with the servers being knowledgeable of all of them.  The only drawback is that we waited a while for our second order of oysters and then our server comp us for that round even tho we didn't make any complaint which goes to show you that they are aware of it themselves. Love the decor and the history of the place.I was finally able to check this spot out during happy hour this weekend. Great atmosphere and decor but just okay for happy hour menu drinks and oysters. The steamed muscles were delicious, but we got three dozen oysters that were tasteless. Granted, it could have just been where the oysters where from that day (NJ)... 
The convenient location is good for me but for quality seafood, I prefer Oyster House on Sansom st in Center City.Happy hour review. Ambience is very cool, has an old time rat pack feel. HH buck a shuck is a good deal. The oysters are good, not great, but I would still come back. Would have given the HH 5 stars for the value but the drink selection on special was weak. Especially the beer, Narraganset on special is not special.Buck a Shuck Happy Hour!
Checked out Olde Bar on a Saturday for their happy hour specials.  Even the cold didn't keep the crowds down, but I'm happy to report happy hour applies in the dining room as well as the bar!  We sat down and ordered our 1st dozen.  The only rule seems to be that you have to order a dozen at a time and finish them before the next round arrives.  I can take out a dozen pretty quickly but appreciate them wanting to keep the oysters fresh.  The special were blue points and may have been the best oysters I've had in the city.  They barely needed any lemon or vinaigrette.  Of coiurse, their vinaigrette was awesome.  The only complaint we could come up with was the horseradish was weak.
As for drinks, I went with the Fish House Punch.  It was also included in the happy hour special.  Wow.  The balance was great with a hint of nutmeg.  I was going to sample another cocktail, but decided another punch was the way to go.
I'll be back for another happy hour for sure and am thinking I need to try their fish and chips as well...Brunch was amazing!! Started with the Olde Bar fries.....then the crab Benedict and shared the best dessert ~ French toast! Zach was informed, personable and delivered excellent service! My new favorite drink ~ Earn A Buck! Cheers and enjoy brunch ASAP!!! We will be back for both the food, drink and service!We went for Philly restaurant week and although there were some snafus (our reservations were lost somehow and the first server we had just did not want to be there at all and it showed) , it turned out being a nice experience nonetheless. The hostess was very nice and accommodating and we ended up with another server who was much more upbeat and attentive. The drinks were fantastic and the food was excellent. Our table ordered the NE clam chowder, the oysters (which were phenomenal) and the steaks topped with crab meat. Our one friend's cut of the steak was not acceptable, it was a much smaller, tougher end piec, which had no business being served. That being said aside from those restaurant week issues, this place is worth the time to check out.3.5. This was a tough one. The space is trendy and dark. They offer shellfish and a large selection of raw bar options. I really liked the oysters Belmont, the crabmeat cocktail and the steak dish. Steak was cooked perfectly but really small for the price. The chicken Kiev is interesting but probably would not get this again. They also sport a large and impressive whisky list. Kind of pricy but inline with similar establishments like Oyster House.Love the drinks, oysters, and the ambience. We tried the signature drinks as well as the classics and enjoyed them all. love the raw bar, but wish there was something on the cooked menu that wasn't heart attack on a plate.I felt like I stepped into a 1920's speakeasy, but in reality it's Philly's old book binder's building. I love the  atmosphere of historic details with hints of modern and classic twist. However, I would not recommend Olde Bar's brunch, mainly due to its portion size and lack of variety.
- Crab Benedict $14 - One of the eggs was overcooked for eggs benedict. The bread was so crispy and light, it went well with the béarnaise sauce. I wish I had more bread to finish up the béarnaise. The crab was good, but definitely could have been more. This was good, but it did not come with a side, and for $14, I expected a bigger portion.  
- Philly Special $12 - About 3-4 fried oysters on a bed of chicken salad. Other the the fried oysters, this dish is not very memorable. I definitely enjoyed the benedict more. Again the portion was the size of an appetizer, not enough to fill anyone up for brunch.
- Traditional Bloody Mary $12 - This was my first bloody mary ever, so I have no prior experience to compare it to. Regardless, I could only drink about half of the glass, because it was so strong. Also majority of the glass was ice. For $12, I also expected more. 
The restaurant set up is more suited for happy hour and appetizers. I would come again to explore their extensive 11 page cocktail menu and oysters.Rainy day. Stopped in right at 530 p on a weekday. Thought they had good happy hour specials. Had a nice raw bar as well. I didn't see anything special but wasn't bad either. The punch drinks were good but had too much ice.Everything was fantastic. I'm confused as to why it wasn't packed. So cool to be in the old Bookbinders spot. Amazing oysters presentation and cocktails to start. The entrees were very tasty, tho you will want to supplement with apps. Gluten free options as well. Service was top knotch.I was really looking forward to trying out this spot for the first time. I went there this weekend after just having some amazing food at Zahav 2 blocks away. 
Olde Bar looked pretty good on the inside - about like I'd expect. Very dark, but charming. 
Several things went wrong:
1) Seemingly 5 bartenders, but no one really seemed to care to serve us even though I'd say the place was at about 30% capacity.
2) We ordered 2 items to eat: Seafood Remoulade (it didn't taste bad, just super bland for 20 bucks). Also ordered Golden Buck (our experience with this was a fairly stale piece of bread with some gravy on it, topped by an egg. All yours for 10 bucks.). In general no one really seemed to care if we liked the food or not - they were having a good time talking with each other. 
3) After finishing my cocktail, I ask for another. My wife was drinking cava. Bartender asks then if we both want a new round. We say yes, and bartender proceeds to pour more cava into my wife's first cava, which is only half finished. Failure Bartending 101. Still charges for 2 cavas. 
I didn't even protest anything because I honestly just wanted to leave. Dropped about $100 on this experience. Disappointed.  Sorry - I really wanted to like this place.I was expecting this part of the city to be very crowded, even at night, and was shocked to find plenty of parking spaces at 10:30pm right in front of the bar on the street. The inside is old looking. They have old looking candles on the bar and the seats are old and the leather like cushioning is torn and falling apart. This is a hang out spot for local older men. It was fairly quiet inside. The signature drinks are unique and all about $14. The snapper turtle soup is very good. The restroom is large and fairly clean. The young bartender was decent, but enjoyed checking his cell phone more than interacting with his customers. I guess his after work social life was more important than the customers who were tipping him. He was not there to talk, just make the drinks. He was attentive, but not interested at all in chatting.I rarely rate on Yelp, but this evening's experience was well worth the 5 stars.  I got there during happy hour, sat at the bar, and had the locally brewed Old Bar Oyster Stout (which was only $4 during happy hour) and had great flavor without the bitterness some stouts have.  Then a dozen and another half of the Buck-a-Shuck oysters, which MAY have been the best I ever had anywhere ---- fresh and delicious.  The bartender Arielle has a great personality and was a wealth of knowledge,  as well as very engaging as she expertly whipped up some very exotic drinks (the gin drink she made was awesome, and from the list of choices, it was hard to choose which one to get).   I kind of don't want to say such good things, because I don't want it to get too crowded!  So please, only cool people come.   This place is perfect as it is!Went here for a late dinner/cocktails. Atmosphere was great - busy but not too loud, and it has a nice Prohibition-era feel.
Food was pretty good; would recommend the Brussels sprouts and the mussels. Great selection of cocktails, as well.
Service was prompt and helpful.First time in here for dinner on Mother's Day. I have been to happy hour a few times and always left happy. I decided to take my mother here because her parents used to always bring her as a kid for lobster on their visits to Philadelphia. Needless to say she was shocked and super excited!
They sat us at a corner table in the room separate from the bar which was nice..
Our waitress was very friendly and made an effort to make conversation..turns out she has a lot of family where I grew up.
We ordered the buffalo cauliflower and a wedge salad with their house dressing. I thought both were great however my mom thought the cauliflower was a little too spicy...
For entrees mom ordered the lobster dinner which was HUGE it came with herby, buttery corn (which i think you are supposed to use as the drawn butter) and a bunch of little potatoes (they reminded me of "salt potatoes".
I went with the waitress's recommendation of the crab cake which was a great choice. It was lightly breaded on the outside and lots of crab on the inside very little "filler" There was an awesome lemon curd sauce that was presented with it which made it the crab cake seem light and summery which was awesome since it was such a hot day.
We were so full we couldn't even stomach to have dessert and we certainly had our eye on the baked Alaska for 2.
Overall we had a wonderful Mother's Day dinner with great service and a very classic atmosphere.Came in here with high hopes and left with high disappointment. 95 degrees out and hoping to grab a cold drink and ac and what do you get: open windows and doors, no air. I'm sweating While I'm yelping.
Oysters: buck a shuck is cheap, but not comparable to Oyster house.  
Pro: peppers pot drink was delish
Other than that would not come back again. 
Make ur guest feel more comfortable and turn on the air.Waited at least 10 min at bar seats. No one acknowledged we were sitting there. Mentioned this to staff to give them a chance to ask us to stay and serve us but no one cared. Horrible service. Been here before and loved it. So disappointed.Lovely spot! Im so happy we found this place. The drink were no less than perfect and the staff was super knowledgable and friendly. We had oysters and the fish and chips. I can't wait to come back to Philly it was a beautiful city and a great weekend getaway for spring!came here for the happy hour and enjoyed decent $1 oysters. the rarebit was delicious: savory cheese in top of toasted bread and mussels which came with a perfectly toasted bread to sop up the delicious broth. after sampling everything sans the devilled eggs from the menu, i do wish they had a better variety -most of the items were breaded/fried... even the one vegetable dish on the menu!
the punch was my favorite and will be a reason why ill be back!Really like it for Happy Hour one of my go to places in Philly right now.  Comfy atmosphere, great drink options with a variety of wine/beer/cocktails, Buck a Shuck are one of the best in the city (Oyster House being the other), mussels with garlic bread we always ask for more bread no problem, and shrimp.  Staff if very friendly as well.We came in here just to have drinks at 7pm on a Friday night and were able to grab s seat at the bar which was not a problem at all. The bartenders were very attentive and immediately served us. First I had a whisky sour and my date ordered the pepper pot. I liked the ginger flavor with the hint of pepper so much that he switched drinks with me. (I know he's a great guy) 
however the highlight of our evening was the gin fizz that I ordered. I never knew how much work goes into this drink so please appreciate the next time you order one here. I had the pleasure of popping Kevin's "the bartender in training" gin fizz cherry. He has to shake this drink made with love until the 2 ice cubes are dissolved and then pour to a perfect head! He did awesome and there's a pic to prove it.Happy hour menu is quite limited. We got a dozen oysters, shrimp, mussels, and fries. Food was "mehh". Nothing special about the food. 
The ambiance was olde... Comfy chairs at the bar are a plus! 
Nonetheless, Probably won't be coming back...Extraordinarily expensive snacks and a food menu that's about 6 items long. Complimentary "hot buttered rolls" were dry and not worth the caloric intake. My mother-in-law ordered a $24 lobster roll sans roll, and received about 1/2 cup of lobster in return. My wedge salad was a disgrace with wilted iceberg and literally, two other ingredients (tomato and egg). Fried oysters could have come from a fast food joint. And the mussels? Tough and flavorless.
I'd return to The Olde Bar for $1 Oysters and $5 wine, but that's about it.Solid 4. Go for the crab cakes. They are excellent. Rather expensive relative to value.  While in the old Bookbinders space it is not reminiscent. The evening we were there happy hour included $1 oysters. To his credit our server advised us the wait was excessive so we passed. Next table over waited an hour but they were comped. Loved the old Bookbinders. But you can't go back, except for the crab cakes.Jose Garces is a very talented chef, but this time he was simply telephoning it in, probably as an easy way to get paid a fee.  The concept and the food do not do justice to any of his previous restaurants.
The old bar itself is one of the classic rooms and beautiful bars of the early 20th century and is a joy to see preserved.  But the setup in the bar is not customer friendly.  The few booths on the one wall are what this was supposed to be.  The closely packed high-top tables with uncomfortable stools fills the room, making serving difficult and seating precarious.  The spare and uninteresting back room dining space is without interest and seats about 40.
And now the food.  I love fried belly clams and theirs were terrible.  They were served in a metal cup used for french fried potatoes, and Garces should have known that they would steam in there and become soggy little lumps, without the crunch and crisp texture of good fried clams.  The fish and chips were simply terrible.  There was virtually no taste of fish, as the actual fish pieces were about the size of my index finger wrapped in thick doughy batter.  The fries were (proudly so?) fried in beef fat, which added an off taste, and were also soggy and greasy.  The soup was overly floured and was thick glop, with a nice taste, but poor texture.
The saving grace (and the reason for the 2 stars, is the excellent service and well trained staff, who did their very best with a poor product.  I am pleased that the owners of this classic building are trying to resurrect its past glory, but this incarnation is a far cry from the kind of fish house that previously made the city proud.I came here for drinks during a bachelorette party, so this review is for the cocktails and ambiance only.  The cocktail menu is long, delicious looking, and well thought out.  It has classics and inventive cocktails with interesting ingredients.  The wine list is serviceable--nothing too exciting but with about 8 wines on the list, you have plenty of options.  My friends were quite happy with their cocktails, but I ordered the "classic" manhattan and was disappointed.  It came garnished with a lemon peel, which was cloying and infected the entire drink.  Had I known that was how the manhattan was prepared at Olde Bar, I would have ordered something else, but the menu did not include that ingredient (I'd say garnish but the flavor was so strong, it was definitely an important part of the drink).  
The ambiance at Olde Bar was great--old wood, beautiful bar, low lighting.  I could see it being a romantic date spot at one of the tables.  The bar was a little bit crowded while we were there on a Saturday night around 8 pm.  
Service was great.5 stars for the buck a chuck oysters during happy hour. The oysters were mild, plump and clean. Definitely a steal at $1 each! But that was the only good part about my experience at The Olde Bar. 
Beside the oysters, we ordered a lobster roll and some of their highly recommended olde bar fries. The lobster roll was good, but the so called "crab chips" that came with it was absolutely the worst part about the meal. I can understand that they are not supposed to be the highlight of the dish, but if I'm paying $26 for a medium sized lobster roll and chips, I would at least want the chips to be edible or I could have just gotten half of a whole damn lobster for that kind of price. I'm not exaggerating when I say they tasted like cardboard. Maybe even worse than cardboard. Like a sandy piece of cardboard that's been baked in the oven for 3 hours. Also underwhelming was the olde bar fries. Whatever leftover crab meat they sprinkled on top doused with cheese and butter could not save the dish from the horrendous taste of the fries on the bottom. Some fries were bitter, some were overfried, and some were underfried. Maybe this place just can't cook chips/fries correctly, and should just stick to what they can do well, and just serve to simple/fresh seafood dishes. 
So 5 stars for oysters, 1 stars for lobster roll, 1 star for fries. Overall 2.3 stars.Went in here for happy hour, great drinks and raw bar options. Definitely recommend if your in olde city.Went there last night with another couple. LOVE that they kept the old world feel of Bookbinders in the new design. We sat at a 4 top nearest the door. They probably need to figure out something to block the wind chill every time that door opens but that's not a major deal. 
The service was attentive but drinks were slow to come out. We were drinking wine by the glass so that shouldn't take as long as it did. Understanding they're in their first week we would also give that a pass this time. 
The food was good, fresh and well presented BUT compared to, say Sansom St Oyster house, their prices were high, portions a little less generous and some of the food was overly produced/rich. Nitrogen in the fish batter, while a fun thing to talk about at a table isn't really necessary. I come from a fishing town in Ireland and there are fish and chip places serving in newspaper that have better batter and I am 100% sure that no N2 is pumped into theirs! We save that for the Guinness! :-)
We feel that the seafood itself should be the centerpiece, not the accompanying sauce which is how we found the shrimp cocktail. 
Nice place and ambience but they have work to do. That said I hope i can review  again in a month or two and see some changes and be able to add a star or two more. It has the potential for sure as Garces generally doesn't miss. The happy hour deal of $1 oysters and cheaper drinks at the bar would be worth going for any day and that we will be availing of for sure.We decided to visit The Olde Bar for our anniversary dinner.  We arrived a little earlier than our reservation thinking we would sit and enjoy a cocktail before dinner but the bar was crowded.  The manager came over introduced himself and was extremely warm and welcoming almost apologizing that we could not find a seat at the bar.  After a moment or two he was able to seat us before our reservation time.  Matt visited our table not once but twice to see that we were having a wonderful experience.  Carolynn our waitress was terrific I had ordered oysters (I am a novice but know that I enjoy them) and she was very helpful.  Carolynn knew the food and was very attentive. The history of "Book Binders" was what brought us for the visit and the food was good especially the oysters (for dinner I had fish and chips my husband had steak oscar) but the staff especially Matt and Carolynn would be the reason for future visits.Buck a shuck. Today's from DE bay. So fresh, ice cold and delicious. Came early to score the happy hr despite reservations for dinner with business associatesMy husband and I went to the Olde Bar for our Anniversary dinner.  We were greeted right away and taken to our seats.  We had a 7:00 reservation and were a few minutes early.  Our server, Jasmine pointed out it was still happy hour so we checked out the menu and ordered a few oysters from the raw bar. They were delicious.  We also ordered crab cocktail and clams to start. For our meal we had a lobster roll served with old bay chips and mussels.  The baked Alaska we ordered for our dessert was awesome.  We shared the olde bar fries.  The staff was attentive without bring over bearing. The music was unexpected but nice classic rock. Jasmine was a wonderful server who clearly loves working at the Olde Bar.A few friends and I went to the olde bar for dinner and drinks this past weekend and were really excited to go to the old bookbinders building. However, our excitement faded once we were sat. We sat at our table for a while before our server, Elana, came over to even offer us water. Our drinks took even longer. It just seemed chaotic. Slow service, waters not refilled, drinks and food were okay. It just seemed as our server didn't care. When planning a nice evening out we recommend garces' other restraurant, Amada.My daughter and future son in law had been in contact with their Wedding events manager about looking into the Olde Bar as a venue for their wedding. I grew up in Philadelphia and thought how cool it might be to come back to Bookbinders. Based on a email on April 10th we had an appointment set for Sat. April 29. Unfortunately the kids  never heard back from anyone to confirm nor after several attempts to get a proposal, received nothing. They tried numerous times via email to reach out to the events manager and never heard back from anyone. How disappointing. We took a chance anyway, drove down from NY, and showed up for the appointment at 2:50. We waited until 3:10 and no one showed up for our visit. Every other venue we visited was responsive to our emails, prepared a detailed proposal, and got right back to us with answers to any questions we had. I am surprised at the lack of responsiveness from the Garces organization. We were all disappointed.I am  not kidding - this was the best food I've ever had in my life.
My boyfriend and I came for our 2 year anniversary dinner. First of all, it's located in a beautiful area of the city. Second, we were seated immediately in the bar area and the ambiance was great. The waitress complimented us on how we were dressed which made us feel great. We ordered the raw bar tower, which is expensive but since it was a special occasion, we thought we'd splurge. Oh. My. Gosh. SO DELICIOUS! Tons of fresh shrimp, clams, muscles, and crab meat with different dipping sauces. We each got meals as well - I got the fish and chips and he got the crab cake. Absolutely incredible. We also had some of the specialty cocktails that were perfection. Garces does it again with a fantastic restaurant and I couldn't be more excited to go back!We went for Happy Hour/light dinner before a movie at the Ritz. Fish house punch was enjoyable. My Chardonnay was served too cold, but got much better as it heated up. I had a bowl of NE Clam Chowder--very good, with crispy bacon, and bread crumbs(?) for texture. I had the crab cake--my wife thought it was the biggest crab cake she'd ever seen. It was very moist, and the small arugula salad with it was lemony to cut the fatty crab. Great combination!
Wifey had the burger. Standard, but the fries they served with it were salty, addictive, and delicious! 
We skipped dessert this time, but may go back for Baked Alaska. 
Decor is very masculine--wood, marble--almost cold. Service attentive, but not intrusive.We usually go for happy hours it's a pretty good place to go. Their bar stools are the most comfy to sit at. Otherwise they have booths and communal tables. Happy hour is great. Wine is good California wine and oysters are a buck and they are good. Haven't poisoned me once. Bartenders are nice and very attentive.
Wish they had some healthy food options for those times I don't feel like eating fish.  
Happy hour available on Sunday too!  That's a rare find in Philly. Done! 
Tip: ask for the house made Parker rolls.First time in the bar. 
Diet Coke arrived flat with no fiz. 
Second choice, tea. Only one choice of tea - earl grey - only one I don't like.
Third choice- 7&7 - arrived flat- whiskey with flat 7up. 
0 for 3. 
Won't be back again.Not here or there with this place.
Came here for a weekday dinner and overall I left with a blah feeling. 
It's the new look of Bookbinders - a mix of surf and turf and standard steakhouse fare. The location is nice, deep into Old City, and close to the water. Can definitely make an evening out of exploring the area. The inside has elements of a family style Italian restaurant (a la Maggiano's) with their checkered table clothes and dark wood fixtures. There are also different framed portraits of foxes - peculiar, but conversation pieces. 
For the meal I ordered the arugula salad to start. The veggies were fresh and tossed together in an olive oil vinaigrette. The ingredients were fresh but overall a basic salad with nothing spectacular.
For my meal, I asked the waiter what they had for vegetarian options. He responded by asking how serious of a vegetarian I am? Uhhh...
I got him to put together a pasta dish that was just OK. The pasta pieces weren't homogeneously al dente - some being chewy and requiring a bit of work to get through. There was some flavor from the spices they used in the sauce, but I was still fighting with the pasta at times so didn't enjoy completely without issue.
At dessert, they served me a strawberry (I think?) sorbet. It was fairly creamy for a sorbet, and I welcomed the sweet, fruity ending from the more savory elements of the whole meal. 
Overall the service could be better. I inadvertently had brought a bottle of water with me, and ended up finishing it since my water glass was never refilled during the meal! It was hard to get the waiter's attention, and we weren't checked in on during the meal to see if we required anything. 
In the end, likely won't return.  Personally don't see too many options to try and since the food and service were subpar, I don't think I'll be giving any of my future business to this business.Great service, delicious food! Came here for brunch. We had a reservation but definitely didn't need one when we got there at 12:45 on a Sunday. Started out with the east coast oysters, they were amazing! We then had the crab benedict and the smoked salmon. The smoked salmon only comes with two rolls, I would definitely order an additional side of rolls if this is the only plate you order. It was very delicious. Comes with a side of fig preserves and butter, definitely an unorthodox presentation for smoked salmon but VERY good! The crab benedict was absolutely amazing. Huge chunks of crab, the bernaise was delicious. I wish the English muffin was a little more hearty, however. There is a ton of sauce going on and it needs something more substantial to soak it up (again, another plug for a side of the rolls). 
Definitely recommended. It is a bit on the pricey side, our brunch including a 20% tip was $66. But if you want to do a fancy meal in a wonderful ambiance check it out.I took my wife out for a surprise "late" birthday dinner last night and was not disappointed!
  We both had drinks before the meal, she a cocktail and I a beer (lager from their special menu) accompanied with the oysters on the half shell as a start(also on the special "buck and shuck"). I have to start bragging right there. It took me back to New Orleans, as is commonplace in NOLA (beers and "buck a shuck"). The oysters were fresh and plump, no sand, no shells bits, to intrude on our dining experience. Then onto some real appetizers, I had the "Snapper soup"(as in turtle). It was delicious and more, sort of beefy than I would have thought. It came with a side of cream that was brandied or the like, also some chef supplied little rolls to "sop up' every last tasty drop. My wife had the clam chowder and we shared back and forth. It too was hearty w. a nicely garlic back side. 
  Then came our entrée, I had the shrimp and grits and she had the steak Oscar. The steak Oscar was def a delicious cut of meat and who can resist the crab on top (classy). I am a country boy but grits were never a fav, the grits here with the poached egg and the bacon (fat back, as we called it, meaning thick smokey bacon) was a great accompaniment to the 3 large shrimps. Not a huge plate but surely quality food and along with all the others, there was not an inch of room for desert. I did have a second beer, so the lager on special (the brand escapes me, doesn't matter) was a hit.
   We parked one street over on the side of the street and a small walk past the City Bar was an easy access. There is a parking garage on the block near the Recess Lounge(private club) but street parking is available if your a little patient.
  Big respect for this great dining spot. Cuisine excellent, wait staff, supreme, no reservations on a Saturday night and I got right in on a table for two. Price was no more than you'd expect to find for fine dining but the snapper soup with the quail egg is a DO NOT MISS!
  We will be back to try some of the other entrees.....I'm dying to try the salmon!Very solid meal- crab cocktail was on point, lobster roll was very generous with lobster portion.  
House made chips were probably best ive ever had, duck fat fries were very good too.Pretty much, I could live here.
Note:  I came for a happy hour, and I may have missed something, but an incredible raw bar and fantastic cocktails.  This place is SERIOUS about two of my favorite passions.
Good selection of oysters which appear to vary daily, and serious, high quality, well crafted cocktails.  Great atmosphere and decor.
There was a lot of unused floor space, which I suspect will become a dining room, and if the Olde Bar is any indication, I want to be first in line when that opens!Olde Bar probably has one of the best happy hours in Philadelphia. We love this place - it's never too crowded because it's a little out of the way, and doesn't look like a restaurant from the outside.
Their long list of cocktails doesn't disappoint. The ambience is fantastic - though it might be a little dark for some. You definitely want to check the website for any closings since they often have weddings there. Overall, a great find.Perfect happy hour spot. I really liked the large high tops, really comfortable spot to catch up after work and have a few drinks. $1 oysters were very good, as were the $5 deviled eggs. Their chardonnay for happy hour was surprisingly good! Good crowd, it was very busy but service did not suffer.So we came here last week during restaurant week. Overall, a good solid meal. I've been to a few other Garces' restaurants and this is consistently good like his others, but didn't "blow me away". 
I liked the amount you got for your money, especially during restaurant week. The first course was chilled shrimp, oysters and rolls for the table - which was a great start. Appetizer was mussels, which were good, and the Chorizo was a nice touch! The Lobster Roll was good, and the chips served with it were great. The strawberry shortcake dessert was a nice touch at the end too. Overall, pretty good! Nothing over the top, out of the ordinary, amazing, but a good solid meal.Excellent oysters, olde bar fries and ambiance! Great for meetings, friends and family settings since it offers a small town bar feel with a touch of luxury. Did I mention the mussels were amazing? Perfectly made with so much flavorOne would hope they could purchase a drink for less than a cab ride to the airport or a round trip mega us ticket to NYC, not here you can't!  While the drink was delicious it's deplorable to take advantage of people this way, not classy at all. It's fine to be high end, but there is a limit and it just feels greedy.I read about this place and wanted to check out. It is pretty venue and staffs are happy to show you around. The oyster is fresh and I can't tell much about drink since I am not a drinker but friends seemed happy! They get really busy on wkend.Spent my birthday last year there and couldn't have left happier!  Bookbinder's was a old favorite of mine as Temple Owl alumni so I was sad to see it go, but Olde Bar definitely has succeeded in keeping the spirit of that place alive.  Service was top notch, seafood was amazing and the ambiance was perfect.  Definitely $$$ but worth it for a nice night out!My husband and I had dinner there last night.  Everything from the staff, food and ambience were great.  We had the shrimp remoulade as an app.  The shrimp was so fresh!  My husband had the lobster roll and I had the crabcake, amazing!  To finish our evening we had the baked alaska dessert.  This place is a must try if you are in Philly!Jose Garces has done it again.  Olde Bar has an old school charm and is located in the old Bookbinders building. The staff is friendly and welcoming. They even had someone waiting outside in the cold to tell you roughly how long the wait was.
We ended up just sitting at the bar but they have a few separate rooms for seating. Don't let the big open lobby fool you when you first walk in, it's an odd set up but once you get to the bar area it's very cosy.
I stuck with wine but they did have an extensive cocktail list which all sounded delicious.
The food was great, they start you with warm buttery rolls topped with sea salt. I had the crab cake and Brussels sprouts (they were a special). The crab was delicious and there wasn't too much breading, it has a strong hint of Meyer lemon. My friend had oysters and clams from the raw bar (I bravely tried my first oyster and enjoyed it, though I have nothing to compare it to!). He also had the lobster roll. The lobster roll was tiny but one of the most delicious I've ever had - highly recommend it.This past Thursday, I came in for an 8pm gin and tonic meet up with a former coworker. The Olde Bar is located all the way on the edge of Old City, which may be a reason why the place was very quiet and there wasn't too much foot traffic.
That being said, our bartender was extremely friendly and knowledgeable, recommending his favorite gins and allowing us to sniff each one - they all did have very different scents! My coworker ended up going with the Bluecoat Barrel Finished, while I had the Barr Hill, which is made with raw honey up in Vermont - pretty delicious and definitely one of the better gin and tonics I've had.
We also ended up ordering some small dishes - settling on the mussels and the buffalo cauliflower. Both were quite good - the mussels came with this really lovely chorizo-tomato broth, which we think was thickened by almond milk (?) - either way, it was delicious! The buffalo cauliflower came lightly fried and had a great spicy kick to it. We also received complimentary Parker House rolls. Fluffy, slightly sweet, and with flakes of salt on top, they were so good, I strongly considered asking the bartender to pack the two that we were not able to finish.
My coworker ended up covering the meal so I'm not sure what the price of the drinks was; our appetizers were reasonably priced at $9 for the cauliflower and $15 for the mussels. The food is good, but honestly not so spectacular that I'd make the trek all the way down from Center City to Olde Bar on a regular basis. However, the atmosphere is quite special, as the space used to house the storied Bookbinders, and the service was great, so if I find myself needing a bite in the area, I'd would happily stop by Olde Bar.This historic place is across the street from our hotel (specifically right outside our 2nd floor living room window). After seeing groups of people coming in and out throughout our first evening (Thursday March 3), my wife and I decided to have dinner here the next evening.
We were warmly greeted and seated right away. We knew this was an oyster bar, but also served other (and cooked) dinner entrees ("The Plates"). Since we are not oyster fans, I ordered the pan roasted market fish of the day (striped bass for $27) and my wife ordered the crab cake ($28). We shared the green bean casserole, which was the vegetable of the night. As other yelpers noted, the portions are small. Fortunately, our dinners were amazing!
It was also my wife's birthday, so we capped off our meals with a Baked Alaska ($12). The menu only lists a strawberry shortcake, so was glad our server offered another option. Anyway, I  wished I captured a picture of the cake with the fire still burning. As with the previous evening, this place was busy by 6pm.I guess it's really not fair to judge any place on a brunch. Brunch sucks. When you don't like EGGS, brunch sucks BIG TIME.  With that out of the way, let me say my family and I enjoyed brunch here quite a bit. I opted for what may have been the ONLY non egg dish (the burger) and opted for the brunch combo version that included a half dozen fresh and well presented East Coast oysters. The burger came with superlative beef tallow fries. The burger itself was worthy of Village Whiskey. It came with cheddar and avocado on a brioche roll. I ordered it medium rare and it came closer to rare, which is what I was really sort of after anyway. Cocktails were excellent, and there was an excellent beer / cider selection.  Son was pleased with his shrimp remoulade and his girlfriend and my wife were happy with their French toast and egg dishes. Service was friendly and efficient, but never intrusive.  It was surprisingly easy to get a reservation at 1:00 on a Saturday. This place deserves to be busier.Went for dinner, and I must say, The Olde Bar is NOT up to Garces normal standard. The service was disorganized and slow, we stood at the far end of the bar for 30 minutes waiting for our table and the bar tender didn't take our drink order, and the waitress couldn't provide details about the oysters (ie she really wasn't well trained on the menu). The staff were friendly, but I'd say somewhat inept. Normally, Garces staff are very friendly, lightening fast, and extremely knowledgeable about the food. Not really so at The Olde Bar.
The food was okay. The brussels sprouts were *very* over salted (and that's coming from someone who loves salt). The crab cake was tasty, but uninspired. The mussels were a definite winner - nicely cooked and chorizo was a great addition. The cocktails were terrific - very well mixed. 
The atmosphere is great - the original wood and retro feel make it a beautiful space. I would recommend going for perfectly mixed cocktails and a bar snack, but the Olde Bar really isn't the place for a fabulous meal.What a classy place! I am a big fan of their oysters and whiskey drinks. Would definitely go here again. The only reason I took off one star is because the menu is kind of limited and we sat at a high top table, which got uncomfortable after the first hour. Also, try their happy hour specials - oysters are only $1 each and the drinks are pretty affordable for the atmosphere.I make it a point to visit the Olde Bar whenever I am in town. If you are an oyster lover be sure to stop in M-F from 5-7 for the buck a shuck deal. Ambiance is nice and the service is great. Thanks to Gary our oysters were clean, fresh and perfectly shucked.This place captures the essence of old time Philadelphia. From the drinks to the food to the staff it is exquisite! Everything was fantastic! Please don't change anything! Also, do not eat all the bread it is addicting and filling lolRoss is the best bartender this side of Market Street. Great cocktails and food recommendations, with an impeccable demeanor. Sit at the bar!Bookbinders' snapper soup is a Philadelphia classic. My family and I went for a dinner to get this Philly delicacy. The snapper soup did not disappoint and the trip was worth it for that dish alone. 
However, the rest of the dinner was so-so in quality. We had two drinks and 5 different seafood entrees. None of these meals were particularly impressive, especially considering the final bill ($200). My biggest critique is that the Olde Bar is charging prices like as if it's a upscale restaurant. But when your blackened trout comes out in a tray with wax paper, you realize the Olde Bar is coasting on the Bookbinders' name and location. 
The service was prompt and polite. Nevertheless, there were several small errors during the night. These included serving salad when fries were requested, using an olive in a martini instead of the requested twist, and using sweet vermouth in a dry martini. 
The Olde Bar is worth a trip for the snapper soup and Philadelphia history. But if I lived in Philadelphia, I would not become a regular at these prices.Excellent customer service, the bartenders Rito & Chi are outstanding.
It's a very low key, casual place, yet classy. I went during happy hour and got the beer fat fries and battered shrimp. Food is amazing, and extremely fresh.
Went here on a whim, on a random Saturdaso glad I stopped in. Will definitely visit again!
There is parking available, depending on what day/time you may have to pay at the meter. Dress is casual.My fiance and I came here for restaurant week and it was delicious. We had the NE Clam Chowder, oysters, shrimp cocktail, mussels and deserts.  There Happy Hour here is awesome. Definitely worth stopping by for that old bar feeling and the drinks are good too. Fish house punch is a must as is the Hemingway Daiquiri drink and Pimm's Cup.I ate at The Olde bar last night with my girlfriend. We sat in the bar area at a booth along the wall. Food was okay. Service was okay. The 3 inch cockroach that was crawling across our table and up the wall wasn't good at all. Neither was the bartender who forgot to give me back my credit card. I live an hour away. Jesus.  I understand it's an older building but this is really disgusting. Your staff can confirm as we told them of the encounter. No manager even came over to us to apoligize. Step it up.For nostalgia we stopped into The Olde Bar which is in the old Bookbinders building. Bar was dimly lit with these cool candles along the entire bar. Table tops and regular tables behind the bar. We were lucky to score seats at the bar. I got a Manhattan and hubby got Ketel One. They measure all booze, but it seemed like a decent poor. I got calamari and hubby ordered the lobster roll but subbed for fries instead of chips. The calamari was crispy and delicious. They were laying on a bed of puréed roasted pepper sauce and had dollops of garlic aioli, yum! Very well balanced ratio of squiggly to rings. Poor hubby didn't get food out for what seemed like an hour after mine came. When we asked the bartender said the kitchen was backed up. But then he got suspicious when it hadn't come out for a really long time. Finally, it arrived and they put an extra piece of claw on top- I guess because of the wait. The other bartender finally came around and said she forgot to fire his! Wow!! The fries were really good, and kept their heat for awhile. We had to ask for ketchup, I always find that strange. Hubby said it was good, but not worth the wait or price tag. The bartender gave us a free round because of the food foul up.. good customer service there. I would return, the menu is small but interesting. Lots of raw oysters too. I heard happy hour is a buck to to shuck. I'm sure it gets a good crowd!The Olde Bar will forever hold a special place in our hearts. We had our wedding reception there April 28, 2018! The history, hospitality and atmosphere and like none other. Our family and friends are still talking about how impressed they were. I'm sure we'll be back for their incredible happy hour specials, oysters and cocktails soon. A great destination if you're visiting from our of town.Bar staff was very knowledgeable and fun to watch. The drinks are very good and lots of different ingredients are used. Nice atmosphere and decor.We came in here just to have drinks at 7pm on a Friday night and were able to grab a seat at the bar which was not a problem at all. The bartenders were very attentive and immediately served us. First I had a whisky sour and my date ordered the pepper pot. I liked the ginger flavor with the hint of pepper so much that he switched drinks with me. (I know he's a great guy) 
however the highlight of our evening was the gin fizz that I ordered. I never knew how much work goes into this drink so please appreciate the next time you order one here. I had the pleasure of popping Kevin's "the bartender in training" gin fizz cherry. He has to shake this drink made with love until the 2 ice cubes are dissolved and then pour to a perfect head! He did awesome and there's a pic to prove it.We came here only for drinks, but based on our experience this place deserves five stars. 
Located in the old Bookbinders building (one of the prettiest in Philly!), the Olde Bar offers up oysters and snacks like nobody's business. They also make a mean cocktail. The service is impeccable. There was a man opening the door up for patrons that were walking up to the building, imploring us to "come on in and get warm!" Thumbs up.
The hostess was also really nice and offered us three different options for seating, saying she would just like us to be comfortable. Two thumbs up. 
The drinks were great. I got the Olde Cuban (rum, lime juice, champagne, and mint) and my dining partner got the Pepperpot (vodka, peppercorns, etc.). Both drinks were on point. And to end the night, the waiter (Russell) took a stab at my last name, which is very brave indeed since my last name is a mess. He did a great job! Thumbs up all around.Good drinks with a menu that changes and good bar bites, The Olde Bar in what used to be Bookbinders is nice, especially for their Happy Hour. Their problem is that they are CONSTANTLY closed for private events, parties, or the weather. You can't count on them for a drink or dinner, especially on a Friday or Saturday night. It's crazier because they have multiple event spaces, but still they close the place. I live in the neighborhood and have walked down the street to Olde Bar a few times only to tug on a locked door at 8pm on a Friday, no good!Came in for happy hour on a weeknight. The oyster special is excellent but that's where it ends. The other happy hour snack offerings tasted pretty bad with the exception of the mussels.History in these parts of Philly is rich! I love that about Philadelphia! So when the opportunity arose to dine in The Old Original Bookbinders building,  a famous landmark in old Philly, I could not wait. The fact that it had boasted some of the freshest seafood in these parts, as well: Double Win! We arrived and The Olde Bar was busy! From the street it looked like an old pub style; the type you see in Dublin. We got on the waitlist and secured two spots at the busy bar and made it in time for happy hour. That's always a plus! Happy Hour here is M-Fri, from 5-7pm $1 Oyster specials! $5 snacks! House wines; A staffs choice draft ; Fish House Punch and the Olde Bar Oyster Stout are all on special. Half a drink in and we were shuttled to our booth. As hard as it was to veer off course of trying to travel and be half healthy when ordering out , ( 3/4 of my life is spent eating out because of my career!) , my husband talked me into the Olde Bar Fries. OMG! My arm wasn't too twisted when all of my favorite things were described in this fat haven of delicious-ness! Crab;Lobster;Butter;Cheddar Fondue and that Oyster Stout all piled onto amazing house fries ... Dear God. I can tell you that we split these and they are a meal! I found myself wishing we had not ordered dinner at the same time! We ordered the TOB Mixed Grill to share for our entree: 1/2 lobster; lots of jumbo prawns; clams; salt potatoes ; bacon!!! Served with crisp, toasted sourdough. This is done sort of 'New England Clam Bake' style .. perfect and tasty with a red chile butter. We literally could not finish this entree despite splitting it! There was NO room for dessert but that Baked Alaska had me thinking I may possibly be able to fit more bites into my now stretched out girth! BUT no. It sounds amazing tho! Maybe next time! The raw bar is also impressive looking for next time! 
The Olde Bar is fun; trendy; a touch of hip yet class and from the outside I did not expect that. I expected a 'pub' atmosphere. The decor is in the time as it should be with hard woods abound! The booths are cozy and cute! The bar and restaurant had amazing and personable service! I hate that it seemed they were shutting it down around 10pm when it started to quiet down.. weird because I truly thought this may be 'THE' place to be and hangout! But maybe for the weekend ! TOB.. you were all I thot you should be .. see you next time!This place is great! We went for happy hour and had the fried shrimp, crab claws and the cauliflower apps and they where excellent. Mike the bartender was friendly and on top of his game.The duck fat fries, oh, the duck fat fries. Add them to the beautiful selection from the 'buck o shuck' raw bar with a Billionaire cocktail and you have the makings of a great happy hour!Would give it no stars if I could. Worse dining experince we ever had in Philadelphia. Horrible service and aweful food. The shrimp n grits were bland n something I could of done better at home  drunk. The lobster roll was also bland and had chuncks of mayonnaise. Chips that accompanied the lobster roll were salty I could not eat them. We ordered oysters as an appetizers, bartender forgot to give us our plates and utensils, we got up to get our own.  Expensive prices and no quality.Overall a disappointing visit to the Olde Bar for dinner.
First the positives - the Fish House Punch was very good.  Also the bar area is very well done and evokes Olde Philadelphia well.  Unfortunately we were seated in a room off the bar area that had very little personality and felt like a slightly wider hallway.
The negatives - the Welsh Rarebit had no personality and the bread was hard as a brick.  The fish in the Fish & Chips tasted like it had been reheated and not very good quality fish.   Paled in comparison to the Dandelion, 20 Manning and even Mrs. Pauls.  
Service was mediocre - server did not mention the specials at all and a inquiry about the temperature (it dropped 10 degrees when the air conditioning came on) was never answered.
We were told they had a big 75-person party coming later that night so perhaps the kitchen was distracted getting ready.
Would return but only to sit at the bar and grab some punch for happy hour.  Would not return for the food.Visited for a private wedding, so can't speak for everyday visits.  Staff was wonderful, food was wonderful.  We had passed appetizers, passed wine and beer, then a catered meal and a dessert buffet.  It was beautiful, clean and everything was spot on.  If visiting Philadelphia in the future will definitely stop by.*** Seems as though the majority of the low raters are based on interactions with bartenders and pricing, which I had no issues with during my brunch meal. *** 
The Olde Bar is Iron Chef Jose Garces' contemporary oyster saloon in Old City. It's a memorable and distinct space that pays homage to the landmark Old Original Bookbinder's, a seafood restaurant steeped in historic tradition stemming back to the late 1800's. Chef's deference is reflected in the menu as well, which includes a modern take on the Old Original Bookbinder's snapping turtle soup! 
The main dining and bar area extends beyond to two distinct event spaces, the Blackburn and Vessel Rooms. So if you're interested in hosting private events, The Olde Bar has got you covered. There also aren't many restaurants in Philly where you can enjoy your meal and indulge in a quick tour of an historic space. 
Beat'n Horse Thief [$14]
El Dorado 8 year rum, aperol, beet & horseradish syrup, lemon, cherry shrub
The GF and I started off our brunch with some cocktails, including the Beat'n Horse Thief. We absolutely loved the rum-based specialty cocktail, which featured sweet grassy notes from the beet syrup, along with some kick from the horseradish to offset the smooth, sweet rum. 
Caesar Bloody Mary [$12]
Tomato juice, clam juice, horseradish
We also indulged in the Caesar bloody mary, which featured a subtle brininess from the clam juice and a slight kick from the horseradish. While prototypically peppery, this drink showed restraint - perfect to enjoy and not overtake a dozen of Olde Bar's finest oysters. Speaking of which ...
Dozen Oysters [East Coast $3/pc. | West Coast $3.50/pc.]
A dozen beautifully-arranged oysters ranging from bold Glidden Points to crisp and buttery Choptantz and Cape May salts were brought forth. Traditional accoutrements were provided, but I was more in favor of letting the gorgeous bivalves shine on their own. Be sure to stop by during Happy Hour for Buck-a-Shuck. And if you're averse to the raw persuasion, expand your palette with the Oysters Belmont, baked with bacon, spinach, manchego, and fennel. Pro tip? They're only $5 on Thursdays from 5-8PM! 
Olde Bar Fries [$14]
Crab, lobster butter, oyster stoudt, cheddar fondue
A must order in my mind are the Olde Bar fries, which features incredibly crisp, beef fat fries, topped with an abundant mound of jumbo lump crab, gorgeous lobster butter, and a ladle of oyster stoudt and cheddar fondue. To. Die. For. As much as I love the Village Whiskey duck fat fries topped with short ribs and Sly Fox cheddar, this has to be my favorite Jose Garces fries! 
Crab Benedict [$14]
Jumbo lump crab, country ham, lobster butter, poached eggs, bernaise
The crab benedict featured even more jumbo lump crab alongside rounded brioche, topped with country ham, wonderfully runny poached eggs, and a rich lobster butter bernaise that amplified the seafood essence in this dish. 
French Toast [$14]
Brioche, toasted coconut, berries, bourbon candied pecans, whipped cream
But the surprise of the meal for me had to be the dish I probably wouldn't have ordered from the brunch menu. In fact, The Olde Bar might have the best french toast I've ever had at brunch - quite a statement I know! Sure, Philly has Sabrina's and Green Eggs Cafe's and their reputable stuffed french toasts. But the texture on The Olde Bar's bad boys have those beat by a mile. The brioche almost had a lightly deep-fried mouth-feel on the exterior, revealing light and pillowy airiness within. Bourbon candied pecans offered sweet crunch, offset by the tartness of the berries. Drizzled in syrup and whipped cream, this was the perfect ending to a wonderful brunch meal. 
As with all Jose Garces restaurants, service was great. Our server, Matt, and all of the runners were extremely knowledgeable and affable. I'd highly recommend stopping by for brunch and for Happy Hour. I know I'll have to stop by again to try the snapper soup and enjoy the dinner menu! 
Full disclosure: I was hosted by the Olde Bar, but was not required to write this review and my opinions are mine alone. Figured the pics and thoughts might be helpful to some!Review for HH only. Very good place, conveniently located across from the Sheraton in Society Hill. Love that it has history as a place my parents used to visit when my dad lived here years ago. 
Fab list of classic cocktails- boozy and well-balanced. Loved the Tailspin, Vieux Carre, De La Lousianne. But best of all was the signature "Dryad's Dram" with gin, bonal, carpano bianco, torani amer, and boker's bitters. 
Dollar oysters during HH were fab, not the cheap, sandy versions you get at other places. And lots of other things on the menu that I would have ordered if we didn't have other dinner plans.
Definitely recommend. Get there early if you want a seat. Can't wait to return.This was my second visit, and I had to create a Yelp profile to review. (they do not take reservations via open table) 
First, to be back in this building feels so wonderful! The menu is just right, and I live around the corner so to come in for happy hour before we go to a show is perfect. 
Last week we had Nicole as our waitress, she was beyond attentive, and got us our oyster crackers! This week we had Nancy, who was also attentive, and more than happy to get us oyster crackers, and many refills of cocktail sauce. The staff here is wonderful, and the food is to die for. I have now had the snapper turtle soup twice! Happy hour is a must here. The fish house punch is perfect, and everyone is warm, and attentive. 
The only downside is sitting near the door. We sat there last weekend, and moved. It's a bit cold. 
I am glad to see this building alive again, and will be happy to bring my friends in, and recommend. Please ask for oyster crackers as they do not come automatically with your oysters.So far, I'm a fan! I've been here a few times now and feel like I can write a decently informed review. 
Buck a shuck oysters all day every day for the month of September? Awesome! Their Delaware oysters are big and flavorful. The horseradish isn't spicy, but if you mix it with the cocktail sauce, it gets a little more punch!
The Fish House Punch is a nice and not too sweet cocktail. I also tried the pisco sours this weekend and though they could use a little more lemon/lime, they weren't overly sweet (which is the typical faux pas you find when it comes to this awesome cocktail).
The pre fixe Pope brunch was a great idea this weekend. They weren't busy, but the place usually isn't packed. My friend and I both had the wedge salad, which was big and nicely dressed with the "1890" dressing - a house version on French. We also got the egg breakfast and the home fries on the side were perfectly crispy and nicely seasoned. 
Service has always been great - though we lingered by the door for a while this weekend before just asking if we could seat ourselves. No one approached us, but it was on the tail end of brunch, so they probably weren't expecting new customers. 
Either way, their happy hour is a great deal and I love the ambiance in this old space. The wood carvings are gorgeous. What a nice spot in Old City!Great location, in the old bookbinders building! Mostly seafood, but full bar and the drinks were great. Very friendly staff.The clam chowder was delicious.  The lobster roll was very good but not amazing.  Love the atmosphere and the bartenders were very friendly (but not fake) and attentive.As I sit and enjoy my Shrimp Cocktail in a Creole sauce- I'm in AWE. 
This is certainly something worth going here for!! The shrimp are sautéed perfectly! And the staff were super friendly- will be back!!!!Had the Shrimp and Grits and Burger as main courses and both we're just ok. Didn't feel like you got enough shrimp for the price. The olde bar fries were very good as was the service.Went there for dinner.  A strange little spot. Had the feeling it was in the midst of re-model.  I got the snapper soup and the prime rib special.  Both of which were good.   Service was fine. Prices weren't out of line.  My only real gripe was the fruit flies.The first restaurant I dined at in Philadelphia was Bookbinders. It was 1993 and  I did my homework before moving to this sweet city and I learned it was the place to be. I still remember it. The food, as I recall, wasn't mind blowing, but there was something about it. The restaurant spoke of history but of promise all at the same time. That was so long ago. I had never been to the Olde Bar. So I contacted my friend who is up for these sorts of things and we found ourselves at the most delightful happy hour. I was so engrossed in all that was coming to me that I neglected to take photos, but the breaded shrimp,the buffalo cauliflower, the creamy deviled eggs, the beef fat french fries and the mussels were absolutely fantastic! What a delicious and indulgent happy hour! I loved everything about it. Great drink specials, delicious food, amazing ambiance.. and we scored the over stuffed chairs by the beautiful stained glass window with which to enjoy it all. This place is all that is right about Philadelphia.Eh! Food was ok. Had a dozen oysters with 3 of the west coast ones. Oysters were very good. The crab cocktail was ok but had a spicy mayonnaise sauce that really took away from the crab. The whole lobster was ok. The worst part was the service. Sat at the bar with two bartenders and had to get our own plates and silverware. Walked down the bar and reached over to get these and no one cared, did that twice. Bartenders were so busy talking to each other and the waitstaff. We didn't even get a second beer or a refill on waters. Not like they were busy at all was only one more person at the bar besides us. Don't think I will be back as it was very underwhelming. Went back to the hotel to enjoy our drinks where they ask if you want another.We weren't greeted at the door and was unsure if we should seat ourselves. We waited for 5 minutes before we were greeted and brought to our table. The place was near empty but drinks took longer than sound have. They were out of the oysters that we came there for. We settled on a steak that was$55 of garbage. The cut was bad. The seasoning was lacking. We ordered Oscar style which should come with crab meat. Instead we received a crab hollandaise debacle poured over top. I was unable to eat mine due to the gristle. The drinks were fair. Spent about $200 and wasn't worth any of it.Great spot! The bar is chic and classy. We went for a private wedding event and we enjoyed the entire venue. The hors d'oeuvres were delightful. We had mini sliders, bacon covered scallops, mushroom pizza and lots and lots of delicious drinks! The bartenders definitely know how to make their drinks! If you are able to, check out heir wall art! Lots of fun paintingsThe Olde Bar is in the bar area and one other room of Old Original Bookbinders. Bookbinders was my favorite seafood restaurant, and the restaurant that defined fine seafood dining in Philly from 1898 until it originally closed in 2002. Olde Bar has big historic shoes to fill. 
I live close to Olde Bar so I've been a few times since it opened in 2015. They churn out consistently good seafood and tasty cocktails. Happy hour is a great deal with discounted starters and drinks. From the starters, the Deviled Eggs and the Calamari are the standouts. The New England Clam Chowder is also an authentic version of the dish, which is harder to find done right in Philly than it should be. For entrees, the Fish and Chips is right up there with the best in the city and the Crabcake may be the very best in the city. It's a perfectly fried crabcake full of delicious crab meat. The dessert menu is limited. The Baked Alaska is good but the peppermint flavor is an addition to the classic recipe that takes away from the dish.
Olde Bar is a worthy successor to Bookbinders. The best happy hour deal in Old City. 4 stars, but the potential is there to reach the original Bookbinders 5 start level in the future.Happy hour buck-a-shuck oysters! Great deal. Always fresh and delicious. The service is great and the drink specials are reasonable as well.
Don't forget to try the olde bar fries mmmmmmmmmmmmmmI'm all for going back to the Olde Bar during happy hour to grab a drink and snack at the bar. The ambiance is stellar and, from what I did try, the place sure does have great potential. But, boy, those prices!
First: Shout-out to our awesome server. She was very nice and accommodating! Everyone working seemed to be really friendly, and that's great.
For my first visit, I went with the $12 Clover Club (Bluecoat Gin, Dolin Vermouth, raspberry syrup, lemon, egg white) from their signature cocktail list. This was good, but small for the price and a bit too sweet for me. There was also a bunch of foam on top that took away from the drink.
The food menu is based heavily in seafood offerings, so keep that in mind. I'm not big on fish so I ordered the $8 beef fat fries with old bay mayo. Definitely a generous portion size! The mayo was a fine complement too.
Overall, I enjoyed my time here. Best of luck, Olde Bar!A pleasant surprise! Stopped in on a whim a few blocks from my hotel. This place was packed and rockin with people. A lot of whom were like myself, in town for a trade show. Even though they were very busy, the bar staff was pumping out drinks and food like a fine tuned machine. Had the Crab Claws in Garlic Butter Appetizer. It was incredible! Drinks were delicious and very reasonable. I'm here all week and will most likely return again!Great place for HH oysters. The drinks are also good and same with the fries. I wasn't a big fan of the buffalo cauliflower, it was basically roasted cauliflower with some buffalo sauce on top; nothing special. I'd be interested to come back to dine in for dinner. The interior was very cozy, great for a date night.Haven't been in "Old Original Bookbinder's" in years and years - they really did a nice job preserving the original bar area (didn't see the dining room).  They just started serving Brunch on Saturdays and at 1:30 or so, we were in the minority of those eating - however the very long old bar itself was filled.
The food was very good and the staff fun and informed.
The West Coast Oysters (1/2 dozen) were served with 3 different dipping sauces but were so good they only needed a splash of lemon.  The Snapper soup, although good, was not how I remember turtle soup, theirs not as thick or as creamy as in my memory. The twist on this dish was a foamy Sherry-dollop served in a separate bowl to stir in as you ate - an enjoyable difference.  The Iceberg Wedge, a real throw-back to older times, was very good with a creamy Roquefort dressing and the Crab Benedict absolutely delicious.
So with 2 beers, before tip, the bill came to around $70.
If we are in that part of town during happy hour, the $1/oyster deal will be something to try, along with their extensive drink list.I sent this email to the company but they never responded to my email. Here's my experience at The Olde Bar.
Each year I look forward to selecting an upscale restaurant to enjoy for my birthday weekend. After reading through various reviews, my boyfriend and I both agreed that The Olde Bar sounded like the perfect spot to celebrate my 27th birthday. We arrived at The Olde Bar around 7PM on Saturday, February 7th and were told that there would be about an hour wait. We put our name on the waiting list and went to a nearby restaurant to enjoy a couple cocktails before dinner. At 8:01 my boyfriend received a text saying our table was ready so we made our way over to the restaurant. Upon arriving, the greeter was very nice and took our jackets. We were seated and given menus. After looking through the drink selection, the waitress helped me choose a delicious drink that wasn't too overpowering with alcohol. She took our drink order and quickly went on to help her other tables. Our drinks came within ten minutes and our waitress set them down and again quickly rushed away to again help the other tables she had. While seated at a rectangular high top table, another couple arrived and sat next to us. They placed their drink order and within 5 minutes were given complementary rolls. Someone also came out and placed fries on their table. At this point, we still weren't even given the option to place our order. We waited and waited and waited. FINALLY our waitress came and asked if we wanted any starters. I told her that we were ready to order everything. For starters we ordered the stone crab claw, a selection of oysters, and beef fat fries. I ordered the crab cake as my main dish and my boyfriend order the steak Oscar. I was excited that our order was finally in. Someone came out with complimentary rolls and the oysters, crab claw, and fries quickly followed. We were kind of surprised that the stone crab claw came out intact and not cracked. We asked the girl that brought out the crab claw and oysters if they were supposed to crack it prior to coming out and she said no. She walked away and then came back to ask my boyfriend if he wanted to know the names of the oysters. I tried cracking the claw with the small cracker they gave us and could not get it open. My boyfriend tried cracking it and he couldn't get it open. I flagged down our waitress and asked her if someone in the back could crack it and she said that she would get one of the shucking guys to do it. She came back out with my crab claw and told me that one of the workers cracked it with a hammer. (Isn't that how it's supposed to be done? They don't call it "stone crab" for nothing!). We finished all of the starters and waited and waited and waited for our main dishes. We waited so long that it got to the point that my boyfriend decided to go speak to someone at the bar. Our waitress came out and asked how we were doing and I said, "Hungry". She said that my crab cake was already sitting out and the steak was just being finished. Our main dishes didn't come out until 9:53! My crab cake was excellent. It was quite possibly one of the best crab cakes I've ever had in Philadelphia. My boyfriend's steak, however, was just alright. The majority of the steak was cooked rare, but was completely charred on one end. There was so much hollandaise sauce that he actually had to take some off with his fork. The preparation of his meal looked as if someone quickly slapped a meal together just to get it on the table. At the end of our meal, our waitress was very apologetic and asked if we wanted a complimentary dessert for our long wait. I'm all about dessert but we made plans to be with friends so I declined and told her that we needed to go. She stated that she would comp us a couple drinks. Our entire meal cost $119.00. As I mentioned previously, I look forward to going out and doing something fancy for my birthday so the cost really wasn't an issue. For me it was the one special night of the year and I felt like we were completely forgotten about all night. I felt like we could have had an equally delicious meal someplace else that wanted our service. An hour and 53 minutes is a ridiculous amount of time to wait on dinner.Service is great and the restaurant looks nice but the quality of the food is subpar. Came here with the family for a birthday and everything was very salty. It's like they dumped a cup of salt onto every plateWhile I wouldn't say I was a regular at Olde Bar, I've eaten here many times over the years, but hadn't been in over 6 months (maybe even a year). Although I hadn't planned on ordering the cowboy steak, I immediately noticed it was removed from the menu.  My disappointment abated as soon as one of their signature cocktails arrived.  The Rye PA, as with all of their cocktails, was outstanding. I generally don't eat oysters in months that don't contain the letter "R" in them, but this day I decided to live dangerously, and test out a few buck-a-shucks. I'm glad I did. Even though they were bigger oysters (from the Delaware Bay no less) they were really good, and had me contemplating my self-imposed rules of engagement on oysters. The snapper soup here is one of my favorite soups on Earth. Excellent as usual. They also have my favorite beer on tap - Troegs Perpetual IPA. Remarkable. I was going to order the crab cake but was talked into the Po' Boy by a very knowledgeable bartender, which (being from Philly) I consider to be an inferior sandwich. What the heck? I was already living dangerously and surprised with the whole oyster situation. I can say unequivocally that this was one of the best sandwiches that I've eaten in my entire life. In fact, I wish I was eating one right now. It was so good, I had an old fashioned after I was finished to reflect on how carefully one must have scooped out the inside of the baguette to stuff it with just the right amount of creole seasoned shrimp, and give you the perfect amount of bread to dip in what was the best jus I've ever had. I actually considered drinking it for a few minutes after I had run out of bread, and in retrospect, I wish I had. My wife got the fried chicken which was more like a bucket of chicken which was banging also. I only ate one piece because I was laser focused on my sandwich and not making too big a deal of how epicot it was so that the other idiots I was with wouldn't ask me for a bite. I didn't have time for dessert because we were going to the cinema across the street.  The film wasn't that good, and when one of my friends walked out after 20 minutes, I contemplated leaving as well to go get another sandwich.I'd like to start this review by saying my wife and I are big fans of the olde bar and have enjoyed their happy hour many times. It gets busy and most of the time we are unable to find a seat unless we get there as soon as it opens, but overall the food and drinks are good! Well, we came here today for the brunch with Santa. It was an extremely disappointing experience. My son was excited as we were told when booking the reservation that Santa would come to each table and sit with each kid. We were also asked for our child's name and we assumed there would be some type of personalized service from Santa, but no. As soon as we walked in and saw the Santa, I knew this was going to be a bad time. Santa had a fake beard that was falling off his face, he had in black bulky gloves and sat in a chair in the corner of the dining room the entire time we were there. At one point he also had his hat off. Now I guess you can say this isn't a huge deal and maybe I'm being a bit harsh with this review, but we paid $40 a person for a Santa experience and we didn't get that. My 5 year old son was disappointed because Santa never came to sit with him like we were told. Now on to the food. We weren't expecting anything over the top as the menu was announced a head of time and we knew what we were getting before we decided to reserve. However, I was expecting my food to be at least hot. The waffle station was decent with nice sides to top the waffles, but the waffles themselves were cold and soft. The bagels and biscuits were hard and stale, almost like they were left over from the day before. Everything else was ok, but not great. I would give only one star, but as I said earlier I know this place can do better. I will not be returning next year for the "brunch with Santa".I had the fried cod here and it was just wonderful. At a first glance it seems kind of pricey but the portions are big here! I got four huge pieces of cod and the fry batter on the fish was AMAZING. I'm from the South so I know my fried foods lol! The Parker house rolls were also great and the wait staff was very attentive. I wanted for nothing and this place had no problem splitting up our check. Would absolutely recommend.Walking in feels like stepping back in time, well at least a little while back haha. It has a modern feel to the restaurant and yet the building and the bar make you feel like your coming to, what i assume it feels like, the original bookbinders.  The service was great, they were attentive and fast and even apologized for the wait, even though I did not feel like we were waiting that long for food at all. The food was great I had the steak perfectly cooked and seasoned at medium rare. I also took some of the crab fries off of my friend and they were pretty good. Alas I did not try the oysters but when you walk in they had them right on the bar which was pretty cool.  Overall I think this is a neat place to come for some great food and a drink or two.I love a good brunch. But please - don't over charge for tiny plated food items. While Olde Bar has a nice brunch cocktail selection - $8 each- that's the best of it. The brunch selections are (7 choices) limited and over priced for what you get. Compare a 2 eggs any style, home fries, & toast for $11 with a 2 egg omelette for $14 - with zero additions - not even one slice of toast. The plating should give the kitchen the first clue - a small plate with nothing but omelette (not even a kale garnish) on it. 
One bartender cannot cover a Saturday brunch crowd - ours was handling a full bar and floor orders.  While she did her best, drinks were slow to arrive. 
This could be a great brunch place with a few tweaks - right now it's mediocre.Came for happy hour on a Saturday 5 mins after it started at 4PM and the place was still a bit empty. By the time we left at 5 it was starting to fill up but still lots of seats open and tables flip fast. Service was extremely fast, efficient, and professional! Our server approached us with water right away and food came out so quickly, we were able to finish in 45. Server constantly checked on us!
Hidden gem for dollar oysters, no thanks to the long wait at Oyster House. The oysters here are just as good! We got 3 dozen for 2 people, love the fresh horse radish. Happy hour menu items were all $5. Loved the sautéed mussels, the sauce was so delicious especially paired with the bread. The beef fat fries were delicious, crispy and flavorful! The rarebit was also creamy and perfectly toasted. The portions are reasonable. Would definitely be back, loved it!**Olde Bar has happy hour on Sundays available throughout the whole restaurant! I originally came to Old City for Cuba Libre's $1 empanadas in honor of National Empanada Day, but it was too packed and not really a great place to talk. Walking into Olde Bar was the complete opposite - regal, classy, and good ambience. The friend I was with told me it used to be a library or bank and the old rosewood had intricate carvings - the interior design was on point. The first room of booths and the bar was full, so they seated us on the left with full table service - and they were sure to tell us that Happy Hour was offered and valid throughout the whole restaurant (YAY!) We ordered 3 snacks at $5 each: mussels, fried shrimps and steak fries in addition to a stout beer and house red wine. Our waitress was more than doting and even offered me more bread to eat the rest of my mussels with - without me even asking! Super great service, awesome ambience, clean bathrooms - what more could you ask for?
I did look at their regular menu and prices seemed pretty steep. I guess you should save this restaurant for a special occasion or nicer date night? Or when you're feeling a classy Happy Hour ;)I love this place most for the history of being affiliated with Bookbinder's, the Philadelphia legacy. Although now just a somewhat small bar and austere dining room, if you hit it at the right time: it rocks, in a classy/classic way. Happy Hours extend to Saturday, and the "Buck a Shuck Oysters" with a mug of Classic 3-rum punch are perfect ways to pass the weekend. Add the classic Snapper soup, and other legendary stuff - what a way to go. I will say, I frequent the Coq d' Or bar at the Drake Hotel in Chicago - and their version of this soup kicks ass too. (Same old school setting as well - like brothers from a different mother). All said, come here for Happy Hour.  Eat at the bar. Strike up a conversation with your neighbors. Put the phone down and go back in time, to a more elegant era.Absolutely fantastic! A go-to place for a very special evening. The drinks were incredible, creative, and to be sipped and savored. The food - out of this world. Arguably most importantly, our waitress was so knowledgeable and answered every food and drink related question we tossed at her.I've been here twice- once for brunch and once for drinks.
Brunch was decent, not too many choices, nothing extraordinary.
When we came for drinks we were excited knowing they serve creative originals and traditional classics all made the right way and in appropriate glasswear.
However, our experience with the bartenders was terrible. We sat at the bar and anytime we asked a question or tried to communicate, we got an eye roll and a short, curt answer if we were lucky.  
One of the bartenders was making an intricate drink right in front of us and, intrigued, we asked what it was. His response? "A drink." I tried one more time because I'm trying to learn more about cocktails and mixology, so I asked "oh which one on the menu is it?" He replied, with an eye roll, "the one with syrups, an egg white, and alcohol." Oooooook. Thanks bud.
I understand bartenders have to put up with a lot, but we were just relaxing and trying to learn a little- no need to be rude, especially in the service biz.
The shining moment of our evening was when we met Chris, a bar back who was happy to take some time explaining g his favorite cocktails here and making suggestions based on what we were looking for. Promote Chris!The Olde Bar was a very nice place.
Food was excellent... as were the drinks. 
$1 oysters from 5-7 is a nice plus!
Would have liked more menu selections, but what they had was excellent.
Last time I was in this building was over 30 years ago when it was Bookbinders.
Very classic location!We wanted to go chance it at Zahav. Got there at 5 sharp but it was a 3 and half hour wait. We ended up walking to The Olde Bar. We sat at the bar. Nice comfy chairs. A little bit like a speakeasy. Great happy hour items. Oh! The clam chowder though (not on happy hour menu)... The best I have ever had. Even compare to the Pike place chowder in Seattle! I had their house red and husband had the stout both on happy hour. Finally we had pumpkin pie. Really good not too sweet! The food was great. Joe and Andrew were great bartenders. Will go back for sure!We came on a Sunday evening for the Shuck for a buck oysters.  The Maryland oysters were very tasty but we were a little disappointed when they ran out? How can you run out of oysters?!?   The New England Clam chowder seemed to have a strong sherry taste not my favorite.  The chicken liver devil eggs were different & a little went a long way. The fried chicken was very moist and had a nice spicy taste to them.  Overall the food was great but the service was very slow.  We had to ask for a various things and we waited and waited for it.First and foremost this trendy spot is definitely over priced, but you gotta hand it to 'em.. It is delicious! Their cocktail menu is very vast and unique.. A friend ordered the Negroni and loved it! We ordered multiple apps including the Fanny Bay oysters, deviled eggs, and olde bar fries.. The oysters were delicious, but I would probably not order the fries again.. Nothing special. We also ordered the clam chowder which was the bomb.. Very flavorful. For dinner I ordered the lobster roll (MP $26 but had to do it) and it was AWESOME!! Not a standard cold, mayo lobster salad but rather a warm buttery lobster on yummy toast. I definitely suggest that if you're unsure what to get.. But if you're craving seafood, it will be a hard decision with this place!Recommended by friends from NYC and certainly not disappointed!!  Went for happy hour yesterday (3/22). Our server, Stephen, was impeccable. Always available but never pestering. He took time to explaining the HH menu items (drinks as well as food) in detail with all suggestions, spot on. We decided to stay for dinner and this was perfect as well. Plentiful and tasteful portions!!  
Will definitely return on future trips to the area!!The food was good, the service was good and the drinks were good!! We got oysters, mussels, crawfish fritters, lobster rolls and salmon!! The worse part of the meal was the French fries that came with mussels so under seasoned!! They desperately needed salt and a dipping sauce!!! Will definitely go back but I won't get fries again!If you want to spend more than $400 for a group meal and have miserable service and have the added pleasure of a truly uncomfortable setting, then The Olde Bar is for you! The seating is abysmal. If you are not lucky enough to get one of the few booths that line the walls, you will then be relegated to the 'high top' tables and chairs that line the center of the room. The tables and very uncomfortable chairs are not level so if your table is not rocking, your chair sure is and you have the unwanted sensation throughout your meal as if one were eating on a rough sea. The service was truly bad. Our glum server (forget her name) handed us an extensive cocktail menu and quickly returned multiple times asking us if we were ready to order before all of us even had the chance to look at the offerings. If she initially returned too quickly hawking us all for our drinks, then she barely showed up and neglected us during the meal. Orders for refill drinks, at a time when it was not busy, went past fifteen minutes and one of our diners was going to go directly to the bar to get them. There was no salt and pepper or plates on the table so one of my companions had to go to empty tables that were already set up and remove the condiments, plates, and utensils. The seafood tower was delicious but four entrees that we ordered all came out separately and several minutes apart. The Steak Oscar was beautifully tender but for flavor, only passable. Bottom line: The Olde Bar has profoundly uncomfortable seating combined with truly abysmal, glum service and food that I would rate as 'meh'. If you want a pleasurable meal in a lovely place, then spend your hard earned dollars elsewhere.Love the ambience, but the food was subpar. I went as part of an extremely large group and everything was served family style. The salad was fine; the deviled eggs had a sour flavor in them that was gross; the shrimp were a little bland; the chicken was so salty that I nearly spit it out...overall it was just "okay."Having never been to Bookbinders, I was excited to check out the Olde Bar. Fancy cocktails in a classy setting, sign me up, please! 
This place was a hot spot on a Saturday night. In addition to regular restaurant and bar clientele, there was activity from the wedding happening in their catering hall next door. I apologize to the newlyweds for almost mistakenly crashing upon my arrival. 
I joined my group at a high top table in the center. Unfortunately, the area was a little small and a few us had to sit/stand in the already tight walkway. I opted for the Fish House Punch and Hemingway Daquiri as my cocktails. Each were tasty in their own ways, but not exceptionally strong by any means. 
I thought our server did a good job at staying on top of our group that was on different drink ordering cycles. Extra appreciation by splitting up what could've been a nightmare of a bill to figure out. 
Aside from being a bit tight, the setting had a dark, pub-like vibe. Not all-too different from Philly's gastropub scene, but maybe just an extra touch of swanky. 
I didn't eat, but for whatever reason, something didn't smell right. It wasn't horribly odorous but it wasn't quite pleasant. It wasn't a deterrent from returning, but something that could be a concern if it was consistently there. 
Overall, I wasn't overly impressed, but I'm still intrigued enough to go back and give the Olde Bar another shot.Not sure why I didn't find out about this little gem sooner! Stop by last night to check out their eclectic drink menu and get some bar bites. First off, the drink menu is so unique! I don't even remember what I ordered but it had white rum and cacao! Fantastic! The tater tots changed my life! You gotta check this place out! Another great Garces restaurant!!!I'm not usually one to go to fancier restaurants since I'm a picky eater but I decided to give this place a try. I had the battered cod platter with iceberg wedge (instead of house salad). I thought it was so amazing, one of the best meals I've ever had. Most times battered cod is greasy but this one was not at all so I was very impressed! I was expecting an average salad and plain corn but both were prepared in a delicious unique way. My boyfriend loved his lobster bisque and cajun shrimp poboy.
The staff was friendly, only complaint was that the service was slow due to the kitchen being down one staff member.Ambiance and decor is awesome. Service was average. It doesn't appear that they have a dedicated hostess as we weren't seated or acknowledged for a few minutes once we arrived. Our server was attentive and friendly. We ordered the buffalo cauliflower and bread as an appetizer and both were absolutely delicious. I had the burger which was undercooked than what I had asked for - but I wasn't in the mood to send it back. My boyfriend had the trout and said it was amazing! Prices were fair.$1 oysters at Happy Hour were fantastic deal. The Delaware oysters aren't huge but they are tasty! We got 2 dozen and the amazing clam chowder. Seriously the clam chowder was the best I've ever had. It had a drizzle of thyme oil on top that just made it even richer. Service was great. We had a great experience.Happy hour eats were amazing!
We had
Buck a shucks
Crab fingers
Buffalo cauliflower 
And lemon garlic fries
The philadelphia fish house coctail was so yummy
Almond blossom crusta was also very delicious 
Our bartender shi was so friendly and fun to talk with
Watching her behind the bar, was so entertaining and we were so impressed with her skills.
She brought rubbing your tummy and patting your head to a new levelWow buck a shuck oysters happy hour. Plump briny cold slurpy deliciousness. Mixed grill for 2 was the bomb, calamari and wedge appetizersSo-so food.  Would eat there again, but it's not a must-eat experience.   Beers on tap are surprisingly very limited as well.I attended a corporate dinner here and we had the entire back room. There was a well stocked oyster bar and nice open bar with multiple selections. All of the passes appetizers were very tasty- lamb meatballs, shrimp, bacon wrapped dates, Kobe beef, and various others. The house salad was plentiful and the steak cooked perfectly.Think of this as my rough draft of a review for The Olde Bar. The BF and I went on the Monday post-Pope weekend, and the Olde Bar was still trying to get their footing back after a slow/disappointing weekend.
Because they had a limited menu, we didn't get the full experience we were hoping to. Having said that, the food we did have was really tasty! We went for a light dinner/happy hour and had: 6 oysters, the beef fat fries, and steamed mussels. The oysters were incredibly fresh, cleaned beautifully, and came with delicious accompanying sauces. The beef fat fries were indulgent and rich - crispy on the outside and tender inside. The steamed mussels were buttery and delicate. I wish we got more bread to soak up the delicious broth!
Our server was great - really nice, personable, and easy-going. She kept apologizing for the state of the menu/lack of full menu/slow weekend, but we assured her we could roll with the punches, which put her at ease, I think.
Based on this first go, I'd love to check out what else The Olde Bar has to offer, hopefully with a full menu!Excellent customer service, the bartenders Rito & Chi are outstanding.
It's a very low key, casual place, yet classy. I went during happy hour and got the beer fat fries and battered shrimp. Food is amazing, and extremely fresh.
Went here on a whim, on a random Saturday. So glad I stopped in. Will definitely visit again!My review is for the bar service only as we did not order any food.
We came here late on a Saturday night with a large group without warning and the staff were very nice and accommodating pulling some tables together into a T formation so we could all chat. Our waitress was very helpful and efficient. The drink menu was pretty extensive but the cider options are lacking. If I am out in Old City this will stay on my list for drink/happy hour.Saw chef bring out a can of Vietnamese lump crab.  Saw the same in Acme market.  Cheap and full of chemicals.  Go elsewhere.Jose Garcas has been my favorite chef for years. Ye Olde Bar did not disappoint! I ordered East Coast Oysters on the half shell, which were absolutely divine, and the crab benedict, which was the most lucious, decadent, delicious breakfast I have ever had. The bernaise sauce made every bite of poached egg or crab over-the-top amazing! And unlike Chifa, or Amada which are tapas and therefore can easily get very pricey, my crab benedict was priced at just 14 dollars. I will definitely be back!!Really nice spot to get a cocktail in old city. They have in-house specials, but also a deep list and knowledge of drink making. I enjoyed "The heisman" with their tasty "beef-fat" fries with old bay mayo to dip.I have been to The Olde Bar several times, usually
for just drinks at the bar. The restaurant has a nice ambience, with a feel of a speakeasy to it. They have a beautiful bar, which is where I prefer to sit. The drinks that I've had were delicious, but they are on the expensive side. 
Most recently I came here for happy hour which features a small selection of drinks, mostly a red and white wine and a couple beers. Additionally, they have the buck-a-shuck oysters which were from Delaware the day we were there. We really enjoyed those and ended up ordering two dozen. They also have several of their appetizers in the happy hour menu, but they come in smaller sizes than on their regular menu. We ordered the cauliflower which we really enjoyed. 
For our meal we shared the fried catfish, which came like fish and chips. It was cooked very well and the fries were delicious. This was not part of the happy hour menu. 
Overall, we enjoyed the vibe of the restaurant and all of the food we had was delicious. However, I'm not sure that it is worth the price unless you're ordering from the happy hour menu.I usually don't write reviews but this was worth my time. Over the weekend my husband and I went to Philly to celebrate our 1 year anniversary. I was suprised that my husband had found such an amazing restaurant. We sat in the dining room area, we were very impressed with our meals. For our appetizer, we ordered the cocktail shrimp, Oysters,  and the Olde bar fries with crab, lobster butter, oyster Stoudt, and Cheddar Fondue. Everything was very fresh. My mouth is watering as I write this review. 
For dinner, I ordered the half lobster with a salad... OMG sooooo yummy. The service was great as well. If you're ever in that area, I highly recommend eating here. It's a bit pricy but it's worth it, especially for a special occasion.The BEST happy hour. Highly recommend the buffalo cauliflower is light, flavorful and so delicious (prob the best buffalo cauliflower I've ever had) Also the $1 oysters are amazing. Atmosphere is cozy and cute - perfect for a cold day or a cozy nightI went to the olde bar with my boyfriend 2 months ago and it was so yummy. The atmosphere was lovely and the staff were super friendly. The food was delicious and I will definitely going back there.There are few times in my life when I have bern do disappointed in a restaurant. This restaurant is not close to Bookbinders in quality of food. Downright terrible. Snapping Turtle soup about as good as a canned vegetable soup. Why call it turtle? The fish we had... inedible. The oyster sandwich? Lotsa bread, few oysters, nothing memorable. Dessert?.. didnt stay, ran out. 
What was memorable? A Japanese tourist family being taken on the $150.00 chefs choice seafood appetizer! 
Avoid this place at all costs! I'm buying bookbinders soup online!!!! Will likely get better servuce ascwell.Since we were seeing a movie at Ritz East last night, we thought to check out the nearby Olde Bar for Happy Hour and dinner. It was the buck a shuck oysters that really drew us in, but Olde Bar does offer a lot, if you give it a chance. Olde Bar does happy hour daily, and their offerings are delicious and portions are generous. When we first entered, the bar area was already packed, but the host in the front let us know happy hour would still apply even if we didn't sit at the bar. He then led us to a quaint, dining room, where we were later joined by other patrons. My husband and I both order a bunch of things off the happy hour menu including two house reds, a dozen of oysters, tater tots, buffalo cauliflower, and crab fingers. Since I wasn't sure if we would have enough food, we ordered some rolls and the clam chowder too. Food came out quickly and tasted fresh and delicious. Honestly, I was really blown away by the value and the quality that we were getting for happy hour at Olde Bar. I didn't even realize this was a Jose Garces restaurant, but if you are in the area, you should definitely check out Olde Bar over Amada, because the happy hour here is so much better.Another mixed review. The server we had sucked! She messed up then she avoided us. The manager on the other hand stepped in and comped my wife's meal before we even complained. Great manager, on top of everything! After an inordinate wait, and after I had finished my order; we watched the server ( a different  waitress) deliver my wife's order ...  to the wrong table!
The food itself was mixed also. The clams on the half shell were small but delicious. The oysters were meaty and not overly watery. Perfect. My wife's fish and chips were nothing special, but her Oysters Belmont were very nice.
It isn't Old Original Bookbinders any more, but I would do it again (even though my wife would kill me if I did).Had the chance to stop by this past weekend for happy hour/snacks outside and loved it! The host was really polite and easy going, as was the rest of the staff, the food was great and they had a decent happy hour. 
I'll definitely stop by again, but I hope in the future they can get some music playing outside. Other than that, all was good!The Garces group does it again...a true winner!! Whether delving into some of the freshest oysters in the city, indulging in the savory Golden Buck, or splurging on strawberry shortcake, you can't go wrong here. The service is impeccable yet personable. Our server, Amy, was well versed on not only ingredients, but nuanced flavor profiles and pairings. 
Make it in here soon, before word gets out and it gets very busy.For the love of lobster!
why delicious food has to cost a fortune.
My friend and I went for happy hour followed by dinner two weeks ago. I haven't been to the original old Bookbinders before, and that was just about to change, when my friend suggested we try the Olde Bar out.
We had the Battered Shrimp and Sauteed Mussels from the happy hour menu. I ordered the Lobster Roll as my entree, and she got the Fish n Chips.
I might be late into the game, but it's never too late to try an oyster for the first time. I was debating, and I wasn't sure if I would even give it a go. After a brief negotiation with my self, I decided to get ONE OYSTER, and maybe an empty bucket- just in case LOL.  When Sam, our server, brought out the oyster in a martini glass (swoon ) and placed it in front of me, the table next to us started to cheering me up. Okay! now I'm under the spotlight and, I had no choice but to put that oyster in my mouth. And I sure did!  I wish I've saved my first oyster-shell and made it in a pendant of victory. 
I thought I was a food adventurous, until I realized I ,also, have never tried mussels ( lame, I know!) So I did, and history was made, a lot of memories were created in the Olde Bar. I thought Mussels would taste worst, but it was just fine, and I'm pretty sure it won't be my last. 
I'm certain the chef is so proud of his Maine Lobster, which was cool and extra creamy, coated in Celery Seed Mayo, on a toasted bun. The Old Bay Chips was the perfect accompaniment. I also should mention that my friend enjoyed her Battered Cod & Beef Fat Fries, and when I tasted it, it was like a a treat inside my mouth.
Overall, the Olde Bar had an outstanding service, and scrumptious food, but it was a bit on the dear side.
Pro tip: Try to come for the special menu during happy hour ( daily 4pm-6pm), or late night ( Sun -Thur 10pm-12am, Fri & Sat 11pm-1am.)
Four Yelps.