I love this place. They have a great selection of beer that is ever changing as well as some great specials at happy hour and on Sundays (half price pork dishes). Their salads are great and so is anything else I've tried on the menu. I haven't been disappointed yet! Be warned, it's a small place so be prepared to wait on a weekend but it might be better now that they've added the upstairs.
Update: Try the Reuben, you will not regret it. Tastes delicious and homemade!I met my wife here, so this ranking pains me. But the menu is getting old. However, they also always have IPAs, which is rarity in Philadelphia, so for eating it gets a "Meh" but for beer it gets a "must visit."Came here to try the burgers. Not really impressed. It was average food, not bad, just average. Decent beer selection. Service was average. All around a good experience. They won't wow you, but they will satisfy you! I wouldn't mind if I came back some day.10 30 PM on a Thursday night, and this place was fairly packed. Most seats had bottoms. 
It was rather dark, as Allison B., said, but I had no problem seeing. 
I pleaded and pleaded with my friend so that we would stay until midnight for part of the appetizer menu that would become half-off, but no...his bedtime is early. 
From our friendly waiter, we each ordered beers ($4-$5) on tap, and they were decent! (for my wallet. Or rather, his wallet.)
We also ordered the plate of onions rings, which when it came, surprised us! There was a bed of fresh salad on the side - to offset the crispy-fried-batter-worthy-of-a heartburn.
Overall, it was yum, and to satisfy that happy hour little girl inside of me, I'm coming back.I live right around the corner from Sidecar, and my friend lives right down the block. One of our favorite things is to go in on a Sunday night and hang out with Adam the bartender. Nothing crazy, just a few beers and an order of fries with their amazing spicy mayo. For such a cozy, intimate spot, they have a killer beer selection.  I couldn't ask for a better corner bar. Other highly enjoyable items at Sidecar are the pulled pork and a small but well chosen dessert menu.4 stars very close to 5. My friend got this mushroom polenta vegetarian dish that I basically ate for her it was so delicious. They have a lot of happy hour/late night specials so it's an especially top-notch neighborhood bar. It even has some outdoor seating which is especially rare and nice in Philly. Love!100% found pubes/coarse hair in our fries today. So disgusting. Only giving two stars because I love the black bean burger too much to give less.We've been living in Philly for about five months now and a few places have emerged as neighborhood favorites and The Sidecar Bar & Grille tops the list. Mainly, we have been going for their fabulous Sunday brunch, but we have also visited once for dinner and it was equally enjoyable.
Recently, they have opened the second floor which is a comfortable, sun-filled room that is ideal for brunch. 
The one time we were there for dinner, I have a wonderful special of mussels and homemade sausage over cannellini beans. For brunch, I tend to gravitate to the Crabby Benny or the Huevos Rancheros. Whatever you do, get the bread basket. It changes weekly but has always been delicious whether it's the Chocolate Chip Pumpkin Bread or the Crumb Cake or whatever.
And the beer list is to die for. They always have a nice variety of styles from a wide-assortment of breweries, usually featuring local brews. When we were last there, we were thrilled to find they still had Stone Vertical Epic 11/11/11.
We were out of town one weekend recently and were totally having Sidecar brunch withdraw.Always a good time.  Great beers, and OK food.  
A little crowded sometimes, but overall worth the wait.First time visiting this establishment and overall, very good. I made a meal out of "lil sumthings on the sides"--biscuit, country gravy, eggs over easy, and cheese grits. Everything was really tasty and the portions more than satisfying. I got a Bloody Mary that wasn't spicy to my liking but ok if crafting for the masses. The wait staff was very polite and attentive even during the busy brunch. Overall, a good experience and while I don't live close enough to make frequenting convenient, definitely good to know this option exists.Went in the evening to try the bar instead of brunch. It was certainly... eventful.
- Long (understandable) wait for a table.
- Witnessed one fight outside, drama inside. The waiter/waitress handled it pretty well considering.
- Delicious Sidecars! The drunk who knocked mine over bought me another one.
- The burger with blue cheese and caramelized onions was hard to get my mouth around, but absolutely delicious.
- INCREDIBLY crowded for St. Patty's day weekend and apparently a slightly douchier crowd than normal, but oh well.
- Nice waiter.
- Very loud (yelling over volume) but catchy music.
- All in all, I had a pretty excellent time. I'll be back!We went here for happy hour! The wings were unique and delicious and the beer menu was very impressive. Great vibe and all around nice experience.Pretty limited selection of food and beer. Mostly burgers and pale ales -- I'm not a fan of them, but if you like them, then this place is for you. I got Gregorio's Al Pastor, which was pretty good, nothing too special. Small hipster place and very nice server.Stopped here recently on a visit in Philly.  The staff was very friendly and fun to interact with. The beer offerings were nicely spread out over different tastes. A bother tho concerning the wine, the beer was so reasonable but the ordinary wine was 9+ bucks a glass? Really? Even at happy hour??? Check your pricing please.  Happy hour is great.  Best part was the nachos with pork.  A fantastic plate of food, however they should warn diners of the very thinly sliced jalapeno pepper that can be found throughout, My friend was not happy at the surprise heat.  Overall good experience.Came by myself they were nice sat at the bar got a local brew. The food was great! The clam chowder is not what you expect it is fantastic! The hostess was really nice. Parking was a pain but the people and food overwhelmingly make up for it!!This is my favorite happy hour bar in philly. Seven somewhat random beers are half off. There are a few regular beers that come and go on the list, but there is enough variety for everyone.
The nachos, carnitas and pretzel bites are great apps at an affordable price. There is usually no wait and two bars to choose from.Liked the ambiance of this place as well as the beer selection. The hostess who sat us and the bartender who served us were very courteous, but the waitress who took care of us for the evening made us feel unnecessarily rushed.  
Appetizer: we got the seasonal flatbread. A little squishy, but flavorful 
Entree: I got the Mushroom Dip, I do love me some mushrooms and brioche, but by the end I found myself getting quite full and unabashedly picking out the mushrooms and eating them with my fork. No fault of the sandwich by any means, it was quite tasty. Fries and salad that came as sides were okay.I went to Sidecar Bar last week for the first time and really enjoyed the experience there. Interesting beers on tap, great ambiance, and a really thoughtful and well executed menu. It's amazing how so many places can screw up something so simple as a burger and fries. Sidecar definitely gets it right. It's refreshing to see places like this popping up in this section of the city. The cornbread was my favorite. We had a great soundtrack to our meal too.  I will definitely be back!I've been coming to Sidecar for years and realized I've never left a review. It's a great brunch spot and I could drink Sidecar mimosas all day (champagne and cider). 
They don't take reservations and there's always a wait for brunch; limited seating & a bar on both floors. Don't let that deter you- stick around and try the biscuits & gravy, pork Benedict, chicken fried chicken, or the kinky burger. These are my favs but you probably can't go wrong.
I will say I came recently for dinner and wasn't as thrilled about the menu options. There's a lot of seafood entrees, limiting the choices if you're not into that. Our whole table ended up ordering appetizers as entrees and yet the food was extremely slow to come out and wasn't served simultaneously. Oddly enough, the buffalo cauliflower that we intended to share as an actual appetizer was that last thing to hit the table. 
Moral of the story: solid brunch option. Have dinner elsewhere.I like this place more and more each time I go. Dare I say, I like it better than my neighborhood pub of Local 44?! Reason for that is food. I like the food options a bit more at Sidecar, and wish that Local changed up their menu just a tad bit more.
They have great specials every night too -- which local lacks in. Sunday nights are apparently pork Sundays -- so lots of pork specials, specials on their nachos with pulled pork and also the carnitas. Unfortunately I stopped eating pork so I did not get to enjoy the greatness
Last night I had some of their breaded wings in a dry ranch rub -- these were so good. The breading was really light and crispy, salted well enough --- great flavor. The flavor reminded me of the breading they have for the dry ranch rub at Federal Donuts
Last night I had the $11 Mushroom dip sandwich that comes with fries or salad, or a bit of both. I love that you can get a bit of both! The mushroom dip was really interesting -- truffled mushroom with gruyere cheese on brioche bread. Don't expect like slices of mushroom --as the description explains it is a " mushroom duxelle" -- which is minced mushrooms with shallots/butter into a mushy puree. I'm totally going to make this at home now.
I also had Pumpking.. which I was happy to know is still floating around! 
It's probably a good thing this isn't in my neighborhood. I'd come way too often.Huzzah!!!
I have had many a meal at Side Car, and tonight was spot on. 
Suffice to say, Side Car does its best work when you're dining in.
Crispy yellow curry wings were on special tonight, so we got those. There was a perfect balance of heat and curry flavor. I was impressed that they weren't overwhelming in any sense. Quite tasty. 
And the burgers are my go to here and despite some changes- I maintain that they are divine. You just can't go wrong. 
 They've gone from a ciabatta or snowflake bun to brioche which is a welcome change as far as I'm concerned. And from one party to two. 
I got half salad and half fries. So good! And get a side of truffle mayo to dip your fries. Life changing. 
Their pickles are bomb. I could probably eat a jar of them if given the opportunity.Having recently moved from the No Libs to SWCC, I have quickly set out to try the local Tavern/food joints. First stop The Side Car. After 5 visits, all different times....it has become an immediate favorite! GOOD beer selection... good food...nice waitstaff...outside seating is always a plus, though it does get crowded inside...Short rib sandwich and chili are my immediate favorites....nachos a little stale...brunch was fun and creative...drank some purple beer mix, and liked it...they are trying to expand with some resistance from some neighbors...hope it goes well for them....the side car has the ability to be for GHo what the Tap is for Northern Liberties corner stone!!!The following account took place two Sundays ago. Brunch O'Clock had already passed, and my gf and I were in the Graduate Hospital area- generally undiscovered territory for us as far as dining goes. Sidecar was literally one block away from our friend's apt, so we decided it was as good a shot as anywhere else.
Even though the crowd is starting to spill out into the sidewalks, we were able to sit immediately at the bar. The wait staff was friendly and helpful, and were good at keeping our coffees refilled throughout. (The coffee, btw, is EXCELLENT)
The food took a while to reach us (it was more the Linner than Brunch at that point), but they more than made up for it with an apology and free drinks. It was too early for me to take advantage of this offer, but I could already tell this place was worth revisiting because of the unique selection of beers on tap and in the fridge.
I got the Huevos Rancheros (aka the best food for a hangover, ever), and can report that i ate every last scrap off my plate. Satisfying to the last bite. So much that i wish I had some in front of me this instant.I'm always on the hunt for good brunch spots and I've been wanting to try this place for awhile. Sidecar did not disappoint - it's not amazing but it's good and the price is right. Weather was nice on Saturday so we were able to sit outside, which was another plus. Homefries were very good and the smoked eggs benedict is something I would definitely order again. Also, the side of bacon was VERY generous which I respect after being given literally 3 slices of bacon at some other brunch places (seriously, wtf?) I'm excited to try the rest of the items on the menu.The food is good, but the music is pretty iffy. I've gone in to the hipster haunt expecting some really good jams, but it's often cruddy hip hop. The food is pretty good but a little overpriced unless you get it on special. Brunch is really top notch on the sidewalk.This is my first time back to side car after a few months and I must say the service has improved 10000 percent.  I used to come here often because I live only a few blocks away, the food has always been very good but the service was just ok. I had dinner here tonight and from the moment I walked in the door I could feel a difference.  I was greeted by a friendly young man who took us to our seat and shortly after was greeted by our server who was oh so attentive and helpful. Whatever has changed keep up the good work loyal patrons notice.If I could give 6 stars I would! I went to brunch with 3 other people and on a busy Saturday and had a great time! This place was packed so go early or later in the day or just prepare to wait. The service was good given that our server had an entire floor but we weren't in a rush at all. For drinks I had the bitter boy which is good if you are a gin drinker and they do not under pour; you'll get your money's worth. I also had the purple haze and cranberry drink, highly recommended! For food we all enjoyed our meals! I had the hazelnut salad; I would get it again and the cheesy grits, so good! My friends got the pulled pork and crabby Benedict and loved it. I would try the crab next. Also the biscuits are really good! Totally worth going and worth the wait if you have to!The smoked salmon benedict was an explosion of yumminess in my mouth. I loved my bloody mary. Great brunch spot, not sure about dinner/bar experience as I have not been. Will definitely go back!Might as well start my reviewing career off on a high note and review an establishment that I am most familiar with. It's in my hood, so why not. 
First off, I've probably ate here close to 50 times and each time it's been a mirror image of the time before. Consistency is major part of running a successful restaurant and they have it down to a science. The other thing they have down to a science is the ever-changing beer selection. Words may not do the beer selection justice, if your nervous, just ask, they'll help you figure out which one you'll like. It's just a beer list, relax. 
Appetizers are always the perfect start to a great meal and Sidecar knows what's up. The pretzel-crusted chicken fingers are an aged version of what you were used to as a kid, the accompanying honey mustard is a great compliment to the tender little fingers. The mussels in BACON broth is ridiculously good, they serve a spoon on the side of the bowl for a reason-might as well be a straw too. The "appetizer formally known as" is a little messy but full of flavor, loaded with god-knows-what and a whole bunch of crab meat on top of a plate of fries. They used to have mac and cheese fritters aka mac and cheese balls, deep-fried goodness with a side of crab compote, it was replaced by some sort of carbonara that I haven't tried yet; still disappointed they got rid of the former. The wings are almost perfect, too. 
The mains range from a vegetarian black bean burger to a bbq pulled pork dish served on jalapeño cornbread. The latter is a perfectly slow cooked pork shoulder, slathered in a carolina style bbq sauce, served on a piece of moist jalapeño corn bread and next to a fresh bowl of slaw. Pulled pork is one of my favorite dishes on the planet and I didn't think anyone did it like my mom, well, they do and maybe better. Sorry Mom. The black bean burger is very simple, but filled with flavor. The spicy mayo and the fresh salsa are proper additions that any vegetarian will appreciate. 
This is obviously a terse write up of a place that is deserving of a headline. The burger is awesome. The fish sandwich needs a better name to go with the flavor. Any dish either comes with fries or a salad or "a little of both". The specials are a kaleidoscope of fresh and unique dishes that give the Sidecar a reason to keep an eye on. 
In addition to great dinner, they also have a bangin' saturday and sunday brunch. From biscuits and gravy to build-your-own omelets and a bloody mary that will make the night before just a tad more tolerable. 
I didn't mention anything bad about service, don't worry about that, it's great. 
Try it. You'll thank me.I was just wandering around and then BAM! my boyfriend and I stumble into this place.  It was heaven sent because the beer list was good but the food menu was great.  I can't wait to plan a visit there next time for brunch and get the Kermit's bread pudding french toast.RJ told me he had an awesome place to take me, and he was right.  This place is small and cute, and the menu has a little of everything.  We ordered pretzel coated chicken bites, RJ ordered the carnitas, and I had the shrimp po boy.  His carnitas were spicy and tangy and tender, and the tortillas tasted just made. The shrimp on my po boy were big and juicy, and the sandwich was spicy and sweet with crisp cucumbers and veggies.  So good, what a fun little place!We went here on Black Friday because they were doing a a special Blackout Brunch event featuring dark beers. The brunch menu was special, featuring "thanksgiving leftovers" themed items. I got The crispy mashed potatoes and country ham eggs benedict and my friend got a build your own omelet( he added Gruyere and house made turkey sausage). The eggs Benedict was great and the crispy lil mashed potato Pattys were so yummy. The cheese in the omelette was not melted at all but the house made turkey sausage was very good. They had an excellent selection of dark craft beers for the event, and they do have a flight option. Our waitress was super friendly, and I really liked the atmosphere. Street parking wasn't an issue (maybe because most ppl are out shopping). I would love to return to try thier regular menu.Overall solid experience for brunch, no wait and sat at the bar. Nice array of options to order. Ordered the apple crepes and pulled pork eggs benedict, both good but the pulled pork needed to be more balanced with the amount of bread in the dish.What can I say, love the beer, especially the dark ones there. Awesome bar food. Only problem is that getting a table sometimes is an issue.
Great spot I recommend checking it out.I guess first impressions are not all what they seem. Due to the convenience of me living like two blocks away from here, I have frequented sidecar quite a few times since my last visit.
Every single time has been for the Happy Hour (because who doesn't love 4 dollar cocktails and 7 dollar food specials) and there always happens to be seating during that time. The cocktails are not super sweet or watered down, they are all just refreshing and yummy, the way a cocktail should be. One of the pros is it's not like a lot of other places that make you have to stand at the bar for happy hour. You can sit outside, take your time- it's all encouraged. Plus the food, when you order it, comes out relatively quickly and is always good quality- not super greasy or anything either. However, same as my review last time- the regular menu can get pricey so just beware.
Definitely check it out for happy hour, though. 
Sidenote, try a pickleback if you've never had one.Luckily, the food was good. Service was terrible and we waited an hour for our meal. They even made my very pregnant sister get out of her seat and stand because our whole party had yet to arrive.  Never going back.Great happy hour! Cheap beer with a good selection! The food is also amazing, although I wish there was more variety on the happy hour menu. I was pleased that happy hour recently started including cocktails which makes it even better for me! The Nachos and carnitas are great...wish that the pretzel chicken bites were as awesome.i'm starting to wonder if i base my reviews primarily on how i'm treated at an establishment.  there was a time in my life when only the food or drink mattered.  mind you, it still matters. but, boy, when you treat a lady nice....well.....you get a kick-ass review on Yelp.  am i right, ladies?!
ok, so i'll dig deeper into my distinguished old-lady reaction and give you more reasons why i like this place:
- they have arguably the best pulled pork sandwich in town.  i mean, my roommate was having a bad day, and i suggested that we go to Sidecar for dinner.  i don't know if i've ever seen her eyes light up the way they did as she was undoubtedly devouring this sandwich in her mind.  
- very saucy and reasonably priced Reuben sandwich.  i like my reubens with both, thank you (Jones, take note)
- eclectic clientele.  while some customers may get on my nerves more than others (screeching ladies), i appreciate the diversity.  i believe even my brother, who hails from the outskirts of Beverly Hills and was scared for his life when he set foot in my West Philly neighborhood, appreciated this.  the for-real cowboy, whom i see every time...day or night...is the icing on the diversity cake.
- an incredible New Orleans style brunch.  i can't remember the name of my dish, but it had poached eggs atop shrimp and sausage swimming in cheesy grits.  i call it poachy, shrimpy, gritty stew.
and finally...
- good beer, good specials, GREAT STAFF.
(can i give them 8 stars, Yelp?  no? why not?! oh, because 5 is the limit?  i don't understand this. in my day, we could give how ever many stars we wanted....i remember as a girl on the farm.....)Bloody Mary- check plus 
Mimosas-check plus 
Egg Toasties- check minus ( where is the cheese and substance?) 
Cheesy Grits- check (i.e, grits with a dash o' cheese, but with s&p OK) 
Home Fries- check plus 
Cool brunch spot in GH- check plus 
Service- check plus ( awesome bar tender, who makes great drinks) 
( 3.5, maybe up to 4 when we go back to try more menu items. The steak and eggs looked really good, but we were on the tapas tour at the time).The food was good. Service was horrible. Kept having to ask for refills, which was difficult because nobody ever came to our table to check on how we were doing or how the food was.I visited Sidecar with Dining Partner for Brunch on a Saturday. We were able to score an outside table around 10am. I decided to break away from my usual chicken and waffles/sausage gravy biscuit brunch and try out the meat quiche. It was really light, fluffy, and flavorful and the crust was crispy and buttery. The quiche was accompanied by a salad with just the right amount of dressing. Dining partner ordered the chicken fried chicken and boy was he disappointed. The gravy on the chicken had zero flavor, I know because I snuck a few bites for myself. Our service was good and we'd like to come back to try the pretzel chicken tenders that everyone raves about, but we'll be skipping the chicken fried chicken.Good drinks and cool staff.  The food is good and made with care.  The nachos have REAL cheese and spicy meat.  Happy hour is dirt cheap, and the food specials are excellent.  They also have a late night happy hour that I can't wait to try.
Brunch is delicious.  We had huevos rancheros and steak and eggs.  Fresh ingredients and friendly service, good bloody marys and mimosas.Great place! Nice outdoor seating and good service. Their pulled pork nachos are my favorite. I like the 7 dollar before 7 pm deal on the nachos, portion is large. Food and drinks are great and many costumers including me bring their dogs for outdoor eating.
Edit: 8/19/2015
They significantly decreased the portion. A least the waiter was honest about it. Initially the portion was huge, but now it is extremely small. In my view not worth it anymore. They took a few of my favorite dishes off the menu, like the mussels and fries with crab meat.Always have great beers on tap, and the food is always great. The kitchen is also open late, but watch out because after a certain time, they only offer a limited menu so if you want to try to sample the real menu make sure you get there before 10.
They also have specials during the week, and pork me sundays, which sounds great, but which I've never managed to make it to.
The nachos used to be spectacular, and are now passable, but the pulled pork and reuben sandwiches, as well as the burger, are always solid choices. And what do they put in that salad dressing? it is delicious!
Even if there was more choice in the area, this place would still stand out.Good burgers and fries. Decent wings. Nothing unusual here.
Good selection of craft drafts though.
Neighborhood bar atmosphere, a little loud but tolerable.
Sports TV showing.Loved the food. While I couldn't drink at the time I really liked the atmosphere and would and loved one and I'm sure it would have been delicious. The view out the window upstairs is a nice touch. I'd love to go again.Our visit in 2016 was more enjoyable. The beer selections were great and the nachos were too. 2017 brought us a very opposite experience with limited beer selections and a flat bread pizza that was devoid of all flavor.  Consistency is key in this business. We didnt find that. On to try another place on our next visit :/I just moved into the area and heard so much about Sidecar that I decided to give it a try. Why not, it's really close by! We had nachos, mussels and calamari. The calamari came with this sauce that tasted a little bit of bbq with tomato sauce, unusual but very good. The mussels were great and unique with tomatoes and salami. I thought the decor was quaint and welcoming and can definitely picture myself going back and bringing friends along. They had a great selection of beer, not just your typical miller lite/coors/bud. yuck. I think it would be great if they expanded.  Will need to go back for brunch!12 dollar breakfast???
Sidecar is a a fine example of this neighborhood's gentrification.  Such a pityNow that Good Food Eatery is gone. This has regained its position as the best burger place in the city. The meat is juicy and perfectly cook, the poached egg completes this amazing burger. Also great beer selection for a good price.sidecar, what happened to you? you used to be beautiful, small, and filled with great music, awesome beers, and wonderful food. 
now you're bigger. meaner. and threatening to bring quizzo and things to my neighborhood watering hole. 
i've tried to sit and been shoo-ed away like i don't have money. invest in "reserved" signs. i've waited forever to get a refill. this used to not be the case.
to move from 5 stars to 2 is devastating, but since the business has changed, so should its review. it makes me SO sad.Pork Me.
Sundays, that is. Sundays, all day, half-off pork items on their menu. Pork nachos, carnitas, and apparently their carolinabbq  pulled pork (though, as a former Carolina resident, I'm hesitant to try that last one) are all half price, and that is a hell of a deal. I've only been to the bar area, but at different times. Happy hour, dinner, and late night, and I've yet to be disappointed by anything inside. The happy hour deal isn't incredible (A dollar off drafts and well drinks) but Tuesdays are $4 domestic drafts (yay!) and.... well I've already spoken about the pork.
As far as atmosphere, I prefer it for a late night trip or perhaps a date night, it's a little dark and sometimes gloomy for happy hour (unless you're dining outside). But when midnight rolls around and I'm already a few beers deep, few things make me happier than a trip to Sidecar for a heaping plate of pork nachos for $6. 
I mentioned this in a "tip" but, late at night, they're very strict about their ID policy. I always keep my license on me, so it's never been a personal problem, but a buddy of mine attempted to go in and he'd just recently lost his ID. He'd been in Sidecar a number of times, and also is well into his 30s (and certainly looks his age), but was turned away at the door. So keep that in mind.
Sometimes the bartenders seem a little snobby to folks who don't really know beer (you will be judged for ordering a Bud Light), but hopefully they keep their idle conversation about patrons in their basement (where they are always emerging from, it's under the bar, so it's a very hilarious sight seeing them rise and fall below the bar, like an Austin Powers skit). It's close to home though, so I always end up leaving with a full belly and a boozy bliss.I came for brunch because it's by my house and I saw it featured on the Food Network. There are about 20 tables and we didn't have to wait on a Saturday afternoon. Brunch menu was fairly limited compared to other places known for brunch (Sabrina's, Green Eggs, etc) but keep in mind it's a bar/grille. I had the chicken fried chicken, lightly breaded breast which was delicious. My friend had the potato and bacon egg burrito which was pretty big and fully stuffed. The portions were generous. The prices seemed fair in my opinion, but I've heard others say it's a bit more expensive than other places plus you have to add $1 for toast. All in all, I would return.This spot is one of my fav local spots in south philly 
Great tacos and happy hour options 
Also feel in love with the vegetarian dish hummus cucumbers and salsa 
Must try itI've been to Sidecar more than enough times for brunch and it never gets old. The brunch menu is classy with modern twist. The variety Sidecar has to offer is great - there is so much to choose from!I can say this might be one of my favorite finds in Philly! This place is a craft beer's heaven. 
My friend took me here on a whim after work. I was pleasantly surprised with the craft beer selection. 1) they have a great craft beer selection. 2) they show you the beers they have this week and what drafts they'll have next. Keeps you wanting to come back to get your favorite brew. The waitress we had was super helpful explaining to us the type of beers to us non-beer nerds.
A great staff member can make or break the experience. The girl we had went above and beyond to make sure we were satisfied. 
Half the menu was burgers so I had to go with one. The waitress recommended the Super Mario burger and it did not disappoint. They also had awesome aioli sides: basil, chipotle mayo, dill garlic. All were GREAT! And worth getting a variety to dip your fries in or put on your burger. 
Also found out they do High Grav nights where they feature a bunch of rare high gravity beers. It's once a month. Overall - love this place. Perfect for a meal with friends, brunch, happy hour or any occasion.
Also they're outside seating is great on a nice day.1. Get yourself seated 
2. Order a bloody Mary with house vodka 
3. Don't even look at the menu
4. Order the black bean breakfast burrito 
     - It's huge. I oftentimes split this meal and it is the perfect amount. 
5. Order a side of biscuits (buttery fluffy biscuits) and a side of fruit if you're feeling extra splurge worthy. 
6. Sign a breath of relief in knowing that you just ordered the most amazing meal on the planet.The only thing better than the beer and nachos was Renata. Best waitress ever, request her...very funny!Great brunch and beer selection! Outdoor seating available on nice days and the second floor bar adds another option when the downstairs bar is full.Food is decent, service is weirdly inconsistent (i had a full glass of water the whole time but waited 10+ minutes before someone took my drink order), but the kicker was that half the party wanted to pay with Discover and they don't accept it. What's the deal? We want to give you our business. Please take our money.This afternoon was sunny, yet blustery day in the city and  I trekked to The Sidecar Bar & Grille, with my girlfriend and another couple, to continue my beer adventure.  The corner bar located at 22nd & Christian St. was busy and we were lucky to grab a table.  The bar offers indoor and outdoor seating as well as a long straight bar that runs the length of the building.  The brunch menu choices were an assortment of eggs to sandwiches, all with their own variations.  OK, enough about the food and on to the reason I was there, the beer.  The Sidecar has 8 taps and a fair to decent bottle list.  This weekend they were offering a promotion that they titled IPA's Greatest Hits.  It was a three day focus on IPAs, offering a full selection of 8 different IPAs on draft each day.  I sampled three different selections; Stone Sublimely Self-Righteous Ale, Founder's Double Trouble, and Russian River's Pliny the Elder.  Of the three I enjoyed the Stone selection the best.  It's flavor and bitterness seemed almost flawless with a very smooth finish that had me wanting more.  Given that we sat at a table, and not at the bar, our wait time for beer and food was a bit long.  I understand they were busy and personally didn't mind since we were there to spend some time with friends.  The environment was fun and upbeat.  As far as being a bar & grille it is a very good one, although I wouldn't classify The Sidecar as a beer bar.  As I previously mentioned they only had 8 taps (albeit all micros) and a fair to decent bottle list.  I look forward to returning to The Sidecar to experience the bar during the evening hours.With one dollar Pabst's on draft how could they go wrong?  This was the perfect place to celebrate drinking legally (my 21st).  The dim lighting and chill music creates a relaxing atmosphere.  The bartender was really nice and the service was impeccable.  The staff even pushed tables together for our larger party.  I also thoroughly enjoyed a strawberry mint martini on the house. Yay birthdays! And yay for the sidecar!Love that this place is in graduate hospital!  Good bar food..... I got the mushroom sandwich and it was delicious, for all the mushrooms lovers out there!I like this place.  Good (though not spectacular) food, good beers, good atmosphere.  They do a nice weekend brunch, too.Stop in for a burger, what a nice place, the food my burger was out standing the waiter was friendly!
I am looking forward to my next burger their 
Check out Side Car great ride!I've lived near a lot of different bars in my time, but I have to say Sidecar is, so far, the best neighborhood bar I've ever had. 
With an excellent beer selection, including plenty of local and seasonal options, it's a perfect alternative to some other nearby bars that only offer the standard fare. 
You'll often wait for brunch, but it's well worth it, and they make a damn good bloody mary (this is usually the benchmark against which I measure most brunch locations, although I give a pass to those that don't have a liquor license).
Aside from brunch, I've had their hushpuppies and burger several times, and they're always delicious. I will say that the overall burger could be a little less greasy--the bun has a brioche quality, which to me, is usually a little over the top. Unfortunately, I've heard the hushpuppies are no more, which is a tragedy since they were so outstanding. I heard that some of their hipster clientele told them that hushpuppies were 'so over', but that's only hearsay, mere conjecture. 
Though a great neighborhood bar, even if you're not from G-Ho, it might be worth the trek to check this place out. It's the perfect place to sit outside on a temperate weeknight, enjoy some local brew, and do some high quality G-Ho people watching.We went to Sidecar for brunch and really enjoyed our meal. They have a great beer menu, my fiance found one that he said he couldn't find any where else and ordered two with breakfast! The only bad is that they are always packed and there's really no where for people to stand and wait. People would be waiting for their tables and literally leaning against our table. So if you can deal with a busy and packed atmosphere its worth it!I loved this place and I can't wait to go back. Amazing food selection and one of the BEST BLOODY MARY I have tried in Philly!! Try the bloody...you won't be disappointed. I ordered mine with Absolute Peppar for an extra spicy kick. 
On a Sunday afternoon it was very crowded but no problem we just ordered a bloody at the bar and enjoyed our drink until our table was ready. 
The bartenders were so nice to talk to. I forget their names but they were a great team and made sure that everyone was happy at the bar with drinks. You can even order food there but we ended up getting a table since there were 4 of us in our group and we wanted to have more space to talk more. 
Ricky was our server and he was amazing. He helped guide us by pointing out the popular selections of the menu and if we had a question about what is better (Chorizo Burito vs. Meat Quiche...) & he didn't steer us in the wrong direction. Thanks, dude! :) 
Food you MUST try: 
Black Bean Burrito 
Lox Benedict 
Ruben Sandwich (my friend gave me a bite and I'm going back for one of my own! ) 
Cheese Grits (I don't even like grits usually but these were delish!)What an awesome spot! Fantastic bloody Mary's and even better eggs benny! We were here on a Sunday for brunch and it was top notch and reasonably priced! Apparently they only do brunch on weekends though. Highly recommended for a chilled atmosphere with really good food!So....
If it weren't for my cool ass friend L, I would have never found this place.  But on a night in town, she suggested we meet here - and damn, if it wasn't the perfect spot.
Good craft beers, plenty of space upstairs in the lower bar is packed (though admittedly the vibe downstairs is better), and food that just hits it right.
warning, order the burger with the fried poached egg on top.  it's worth it.  BUT when you see how huge it is, and wonder how that is going to fit inside your not-small mouth, resist the urge to press down on the thing.  Or at least prepare to spooge egg yolk on your dinner date.Great neighborhood bar for the patrons of Southwest Center City.Great neighborhood find! Sweet intimate ambiance on two floors. Seriously the Ruben sand which I had rivaled any- it was oh, so tasty!! Great beer options!Normally I don't complain about things, this Sunday I had a brunch at sidecar and was cool, started with bayleys shot and tried to move to the table and the bar tender was a snob, didn't like it, she could have done an effort to at least wait for the payment.
Then the breakfast, I asked for Florentine eggs over crab cakes and it was delicious except for the potatoes that were over cooked, the servers were nice so I recommend the place.My favorite burger joint in all of Philly. I've taken several friends from out of town here under the category of "we must go here before you leave" and no one has ever left disappointed. I even took my family here once for brunch, and everything was a big hit then too. Create-your-own burgers (the specialty ones are great too), solid fries, an outstanding craft beer menu that's always changing, friendly and attentive waitstaff, and on and on. 
What else can I say? I feel so lucky to live so close to such an awesome restaurant.Saw this place on the 3D's show. Haven't made it from brunch yet but had a girls night with my favorite foodies and everyone was quite pleased! Def a little difficult to get a table but I like it! Kool place, nice vibe and good food! Mayb I'll sit up on the second level next time, It loOked pretty KoOl!Gnocchi clam chowder?   Puh-Puh-Puh-Please!  What an incredible dish!  DO NOT come here without ordering this dish.  It is clammy so be prepared.  
Mac and cheese Carbonara - out of this world delicious and the burgers are top notch as well.  Combined with great beer, cool, hip atmosphere and friendly service - this place is a real winner and we will be back for more!Pro's:  Great beer selection and delicious food.  I recommend the apple salad, french fries, pizza, and veggie burger.  The service is generally very good even when they are crazy busy.  
Con's:  The restaurant is very small.  The spring and summer are the best times to come here because they have outdoor seating.  Also, while the food is absolutely delicious the portions are pretty small.I want to like this place. I really do. It's close to my house, I saw it on the Food Network, and the Yelp reviews are good. But I just don't see what makes this place special. Their brunch and dinner menus are smaller than more "popular" places, like Green Eggs and Sabrina's so it was a bit disappointing. The food was good, but nothing about it makes it stand out. The Sidecar burger was pretty boring (they offer a bunch of toppings, but the patty itself could've been better). Their beer menu was the only thing that I really liked. It had lots of crafts, but I wouldn't come here just to grab beers with friends (the vibe is more of a "sit and eat" place than a "stand and drink" place).Hands down the best brunch spot around.  The only down side is that it can get pretty packed in there on Saturday and Sunday mornings.   Other than that I have no complaints.  I'm used to eating at some real down and dirty diners so coming from my perspective it's a little bit pricey but the food is so damn good that I don't care.   
They had house made scrapple when I was there a few weeks ago and holy shit it was amazing.  I've never seen scrapple like it in my life and I've been to scrapplefest so I've seen a good deal of scrapple  in my day.Great place to go w/ a group, as they have a little of everything (w/ good quality ingredients) and the drinks/liquor selection is pretty good. I had some excellent carnitas here, but the Reuben was just absolutely fantastic (fall-off the bone soft corned beef + great accompanying ingredients). The mezcal + pickle juice pairing is also really uniquely delicious - smokey flavor, sounds weird but the pickle juice really went well with it. 
Overall, a total go-to when I'm thinking about where to go around for eat/drinking in the Grad Hospital area.The only reason it's not getting five stars is the location. Walking home from there at 2 am is not always the best idea. But the food. Oh my god the food.
Let me consult my obnoxious thesaurus...
Black bean burger and fries - outstanding, perfect kick of heat, fries are crispy and addictive; my favorite meal
Chicken wings - spicy, messy and delicious
Chorizo Nachos - amazing
Empanadas - crisp and flavorful
Turkey burger - moist and scrumptious
etc. etc. - perfection
Bartenders are attentive and patient. And the owner is always friendly with a hint of sarcasm. 
I will say, I went for brunch once and wasn't impressed but I refuse to give them less than 4 stars. Seriously, some of the best bar food in Philly.Always good food at Sidecar with good brews to wash it down.  Sometimes it can take awhile for the food to come, so just make sure you have good company and you don't come with extremely starving foodies.Bar none, the best bloody Mary I've ever had. If only I didn't have any responsibilities, I'd come here just to down a few of those every morning. But alas, I can't just drink my meals. Luckily the food is pretty damn good too.
Come early if you're looking to have brunch, because it gets ridiculously crowded pretty fast.I love this place! Great brunch! Very cool late happy hour (witching hour) specials! We need to come back for more.Great selections of beers, appetizers and burgers. I tried the meatloaf thanks to some other Yelp recommendations.Our go to spot. Always good food, great friendly service and good beers on tap. You ant go wrong withy the juicy pork nachos! Yummy!
This place really does everything right.  It's a love at first and last bite.Sidecar was the first place I went when I arrived in Philly. Cool neighborhood bar and grille, what could be better? Had the goat cheese salad and an amazing cauliflower soup. Well this place was off to a GREAT start. Surely the next 50 or so places I went in Philly would be as good, right? 
NOPE.
Not only is the atmosphere enough like Austin for me, but the food is some of the best in town. And I kid you not, it's the best Tex-Mex I've had since I moved here. Chorizo is on point. And for y'all that means spicy but seriously, it's accurately seasoned. 
Bravo, Sidecar. Do you.The hostess was a total snob, wish I got her name. She looked at my friends and I like we weren't supposed to be eating there or something.
But anyway, our waitress was pretty nice and the food was absolutely amazing but took way too long to get to our table then getting the check took another hour. 
Also, everyone is so close together and it's extremely too dark. The prices are pretty up there but I think it's worth it because the food was really good. 
I guess I'd try it again sometime and see what happens.Excuse me, but the mushroom dip sandwich is EVERYTHING. I came here with my friend last night around 1230am. They serve food until 1am which is dope and they aren't rushing you to order if its almost 1am. We just got finished a show. My friend was super hungry, but I was drinking beer all night so idk beer makes me stuffed. I wasn't planning on eating but felt I probably should try to at least nibble on something. I took one bite and was *heart eyes* even though I wasn't hungry I couldn't help but eat it all. It was too good to resist. My friend got the salmon burger which she liked. If you decide to try to this place out take me with you. I could go for another sandwich with mixed greens! Oh, I also ordered the Gypsy Tears beer. Not gonna lie, I ordered it based on the name. It turned out to be pretty good though.My boyfriend really wanted to come here after seeing it on "Diners, Drive-ins, and Dives," but we weren't too impressed with our experience. We had the clam chowder as an appetizer, since it was the highlight of the show. It was super tasty but it was served in a huge bowl, which made the portion seem even smaller than it was. We picked burgers for dinner. I had the black bean burger, which was very good and slightly spicy, but it kept falling apart so it was pretty annoying to eat. It came with a salad and fries, both were decent.
As far as the atmosphere, it's a pretty hip place. Seems like a good place to grab some burgers and beers. However, I wasn't a fan of how close we were sitting to other people, it was annoying especially since the restaurant was pretty dead. Overall, it was an okay experience.Brunch!! Menu items are delicious and there are always specials that are unique and packed with flavor.  The brunch cocktails are also fabulous- Beer-mosa is so refreshing on a warm day, sitting outside enjoying a brunch.  
Wait staff was very friendly and attentive.  Kept filling up coffee and waters.Love this bar.  Great food.  Decent prices.  Awesome atmosphere.  'nuff said!My girl and I often seek out eclectic eateries to satisfy our culinary hankerings. Sidecar's sister operation, Kraftwork in Fishtown has never ever let us down, so we thought we'd give it a go along with my father for Sunday brunch. Well let me tell you, we were all quite impressed with the fare and especially the service we received from our delightfully efficient server, Rita. Our culinary cravings were deeply satisfied by our order of the salmon eggs Benedict, the cheddar and potato burrito, and an order of eggs over medium with garlic turkey sausage, and a homemade biscuit. I also indulged in their house bloody mary which was deep with flavors and properly seasoned as a bloody Mary should be. Food arrived promptly, and our server was an effortless delight. Be sure to ask to sit in Rita's section during brunch. You won't be disappointed.Sidecar is great. I live a block away and I can't stay away. The happy hour deals are bangin', brunch menu is fantastic and the service is usually great (and if it isn't, it's not due to lack of trying). It's also one of the few places in the area that keep the kitchen open as late as the bar. That's a deal-breaker for me. 
If you find yourself being a regular here, you'll notice they have a lot of the same dedicated employees working day after day. I think part of what makes this a neighborhood gem is their that their FOH is  always visibly acting as a team. Nice job, sidecar. You're killing the food and the vibe is just right.Decided to check this place out as a recommendation from a Husband and Wife I met while at work.  Arrived at around 8 pm on a Friday night and it was surprisingly slow inside.  The waiter was very nice and attentive.  Their beer selection was eeehhh ok at best (having been to many other beer bars, gastro pubs, and micro brewing company bars/restaurants it's hard to be truly impressed with one's beer selection).  Anyway, my date and I started with the pretzel encrusted chicken fingers.  These were the highlight of the night.  It wasn't really the chicken or pretzel covering as much as it was the dipping sauce.  This honey mustard clearly had horse radish in it?  Nice twist and a strong bite.  Kudos to whoever chose that combo.  Besides, that, they tasted like normal chicken fingers and the entrees were ok, typical bar food.  The reason it DOESN'T get 4 is noise control.  I understand its a beer bar, but if you're going to have a tv and you're going to have the phillies on, sorry I love Florence and the Machine, but I also love hearing the game that I'm watching on the tv.  The music was just obnoxiously loud (yelling over a 17'' long table with 5 other people in the whole place was extremely uncomfortable) beside the fact the game was on.  Even if the tv was off, the music was still too loud for not having any real crowd there (not at that point at least).If i wanted to I could hit this place with a football from my roof deck, its a nice stumble home or a casual walk after an excellent brunch on a football Sunday kinda place.  I have pretty much had everything on the menu and have not been displeased or unsatisfied yet.  
2 Carnitas and a couple beers is my typical Sunday after 5pm order at this place.  Or if its a hungover morning, go w/ the Huevos Rancheros because its delicious, and I am a huge southwest/Mexican food fan.  They place black beans on top of a tortilla w/ Chorizo for an extra buck for a lil spice in da mornin, double-topped w/ two eggs and some cheeeeese... don't forget the breakfast potatoes.  Good stuff for a hungover chum.  
Other than those two dishes: Pretzel encrusted chicken tenders are hot and tasty and the Reuben is a big sandwich but very delicious (recommend splitting this badboy).
Fare is priced fair as you get what you expect or a little more if you lower expectations.  
BEERs are great cause they constantly rotate, go there on the 2nd Wednesday of the month and get a High Gravity beer (9%ABV or greater).   Great staff, friendly neighbors and a fun place to sit and chat with buddies.
Enjoy the sidecar, just don't go speeding and drinking like this guy - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=QhjBlPucpd0Was here last night for the first time, and I fell in love! Friend and I shared the mussels, crab fries, and I got the corn bread since it looked enticing with the honey butter on top! All were absolutely perfect to share! The crab fries had a sauce underneath, which I found to be irresistible. The mussels were on point, and I wish I could have ordered more of the corn bread! So so good!
We dined outside since the weather was not as hot.  Gotta love outdoor dining! Will have to come again to try out the other menu selections. Can't wait to go back!Went there for brunch on a beautiful Saturday, great cocktails and reasonably priced! Brunch was pretty tasty, I wasn't a fan of the mushroom dip but I think I just couldn't eat that many mushrooms! Biscuits and gravy were tasty and creamy. One in our group had to send back her salad because it was accidentally sent out with onions and they were quick to replace it. Great service experience and pretty good brunch.Great place to catch dinner when you aren't wanting to be too dressed up. This is definitely a great neighborhood bar that is right around the corner from our house. They usually serve food until 1am Tuesday thru Sunday but they are definitely closed on monday. The atmosphere is full of loud music and football games ont he TV. It is a great place ot go with friends or your significant other after a long hard day and just relax and talk.Sidecar has left me satisfied every single time. (Four times to be exact)
My first trip here was the night my boyfriend and I moved in together.
We asked the extremely attentive, and friendly server what he'd suggest- and he said the burger. Usually I'm hesitant because a good burger is life changing and a bad burger makes me yelp mean things. I am so glad that it's what I went with though. 
Our meal started with one of their incredible beer selections, and the wings. The wings were ok. I figured they weren't going to be Moriartys so it didn't even really matter. We wanted food immediately.
They were tasty and came out fast!
The burger was perfect. Juicy and perfectly seasoned, the cheddar was flavorful, the bun was soft but could stand up to the meat for certain.
Outstanding.
Brunches have all been solid too. Also, when you order coffee they give you a tiny cookie. Any place that pays attention to that kind of detail wins my heart and my stomach.Great cozy neighborhood atmosphere, outdoor seating, good beer selection, and yummy food although I must say not quite as yummy as it used to be. Big fan of their veggie burger.sheesh Sidecar, look at all your reviews. You can tell this place is as popular in real life as it is on Yelp. I admit that my original reason for coming here was the name since my fave cocktail happens to be a Sidecar and i thought they might make a good one here. Cheesy but true.  I ended up going to the monthly High Gravity event and joint was definitely jumpin. Being of Russian heritage I had to try the Rasputin which was like a stout. Very filling. But the food is what made me happy. The carnitas were so good they made a pork lover out of my pork virgin nice jewish girl soul. 
Crowded and loud are two things that usually turn me off but this was a jovial type of crowded loud. some guy was sitting at a table surfing the internet on his laptop. The DJ was good, I've no idea how they fit that dude behind the bar. The bartender was really cute. There were many cute boys there. Always a + for us single ladies...The service is incredible and accommodating. We were there during happy hour which entails half off drafts , $4 cocktails, and $7 apps.  I had the pretzel crusted chicken bites they were delicious. My boyfriend built his own burger and was extremely pleased can't wait to go back and try everything they have to offer!!The sidecar is my local hangout, and the food is delicious! I have yet to be disappointed... and they do awesome beer events, like high gravity... and just last week they did a German beer event where the brewmaster was actually in from Germany. Unreal. I cannot rave enough about the sidecar, LOVE LOVE LOVE.  OH, and they serve until 1 am, which is a pure win in my book!Nice little neighborhood stop. The "cocktails" are pretty much punch overloaded with sugar in a tall glass. Not at all a cocktail so be aware of that before you buy.I've been back a bunch of times since my last review. This place is great (and I used to be way more high strung back in the day) A nice, local spot with pretty decent bar food. I've sat at the bar a few times and table service with no issue.My first Sidecar experience was good; not stellar, but I'm eager to go back next time I'm nearby. 
I enjoyed sitting outside, even though the tables are a bit close together and the signs conveying "Shush, neighbors are sleeping" made me nervous. 
I hear that the beer selection is great, but the chalkboard was unreadable in the dark, and hearing the server rush through the list just isn't the same. I know it kills trees, but I love printed beer lists. Use recycled paper; it will be fine! 
The jambalaya was outstanding and actually quite spicy. The jumbo sized cornbread (with some kind of honey-ish topping) was the perfect side. 
Plenty of food to take home, plenty of money left in the wallet, plenty more beers to come back and try.I used to love going to Sidecar for a beer and burger.  During the summer, it was a weekly outing for my husband and I.  However, after my recent experience, I will return only for a beer and only outdoor seating.
THEY HAVE ROACHES!!
Not just one here and there either.  This past Friday, we killed two roaches on the table.  I am convinced that one fell on my head from the ceiling, although that was not confirmed.  No wonder they keep the lights so low that you can barely read the menu; they don't want you to see what's crawling under your table.I ordered the super Mario burger with French fries. It was delicious. The burger was a perfect size and the French fries were crispy. Highly recommend!Great bar with excellent food. I have a couple gripes with it but overall I'm a big fan. Their menu isn't big but it's varied. They have a fun southern twist that I really appreciate. Shrimp and grits, burgers with pimento cheese, BBQ pulled pork, all good. I'm also a big fan of the pretzel chicken bites. 
As far the gripe, i have a problem with their beer selection. I love beer, and they always have a bunch of really good choices but I'm of the opinion that a proper bar should always have at least one drinkable cheap beer. There are times when i want a Yuengleng or a PBR on draft with my meal, don't deprive me of that Side Car! 
Anyway, great spot with a lot of fun deals and good people. Check it out!I love this place, but I also hate it. I hate it because this seems to be the place where my boyfriend and I end up when we are fighting.  Of course, this is not the restaurant's fault, but it does tend to color your experience. 
The food here, while sometimes too spicy for me, is delicious. The creole theme is done really well, and I'm always excited about something on their weekly specials menu.  They always have nice beers on tap, and the sidecar is one of my top two favorite drinks! 
The service is friendly.  The interior is cute.  I just wish there was more room.  Also, I think their desserts could use a sprucing up. One taste of the waffles and I decided they weren't for me.  At least the weekly specials' desserts are brought in from a local bakery. That's better than Sysco.Good food, but bartenders need to be more attentive to customers. Understandably, weekends can be a little busy.As a new resident to the Graduate Hospital area, Sidecar has become my "go-to" place for brunch or a night cap. It's very hipster-esque, which is totally fine by me. I am also on a search for the best eggs benedict in the city. The Crabby Benny was superb...not sure if it will be the best, but it was delish, and since SBG is a stone's throw from the humble abode, I'll be spending many dollars here. 
On a side note, the bloody mary was also a winner! It is served with its own vegetable garden...and definitely hits the spot on a Sunday morning after church. SBG is also expanding and moving upward, although I'm not sure that has happened yet. Good times. See you, again and again. 
Love, 
Your Neighbor4 stars for the food, minus 1 star for the wait time and service.
Went here for a Sunday brunch. The Smoked salmon eggs Benedict were amazing..each bite was simply beautiful! And they didn't skimp on the salmon either..
Had it with cheesy grits!! Would definitely recommend it.. thick creamy and so so rich!
On the other hand the service was bad.. after waiting for a table for half an hour, and then some more for our food, we didn't get offered a glass of water until we asked for it. Food came to the table, but no utensils until we asked for it again. We were checked on by the waitress 'one' time during our meal.
We'll go back if we crave some simply amazing food, but are in the mood to put up with the service as well..I've been going here since they opened and have had many a good time over the years.  Unfortunately, I'm sad to say this place has lost all the charm I used to love.  I was there tonight where my girlfriend and I looked at each other and agreed, tonight was our last night at Sidecar.  Thanks for the memories but I'm movin' on.Where to begin? How about the beer: I had the Southern Tier 3x Citrus, which was surprisingly good for a wheat beer, and my girlfriend had the Springdale Kriek Mythology, which was amazing. But why are they half-pint pours? Surely $8.50 is a full pint price. Moved on the to appetizer: a simple plate of buffalo wings. Not only were the wings the size of my thumb, there were 7 of them for $12.50. Where else in the city do you pay over $1.75 PER WING? And how do two people split a prime number of wings? On to the entrees. I had the mushroom dip sandwich by accident after assuming it was a mushroom burger, since it was next to the other burgers on the menu. The waitress did warn me that there was no meat, but I decided to be open-minded. Suffice it to say, next time I will get the burger. My girlfriend had the kale salad with steak. She is not a complainer, but commented half way through how disappointing the salad was. For $18 she could have gotten a large pizza from Gusto. I wanted this place to be Local 44 so badly, but it is not. Stick to the happy hour.I enjoyed the brunch at this place and love the hefemosas. As a craft beer fanatic their beer choices are great as well. I also love their pretzel crusted chicken fingers which are so yummy!Went here last night with the squad. The kitchen is open until midnight so that was cool. It was surprisingly not super busy, and we watched some guy play Super Mario because it was game night. Their burgers are good. I got the arugula salad and it was a huge heaping pile. It was great. I liked the atmosphere and will be back!Love it. 
That's all.
Great beer selection. Great food. Excellent staff. (if you get actually talk to them instead of judging their character upon first glance.)Sidecar Bar and Grille is my new local hangout spot since moving into the neighborhood! I was pleasantly impressed by the quality of food, the chill atmosphere inside. I remember when I was first checking out the apartment I just moved into, Sidecar was closed and I thought to myself, 'What is up with this dingy lookin' restaurant removed from the city? Kinda random. Must be ghetto.' 
I was wrong. x)
I am really glad that Sidecar is nearby. It draws a great crowd, the bartenders and servers are friendly and personable, and they have a good selection of beer and food. I tried the Margarita Pizza, the Sidecar Burger, and pancake special of the day from their Brunch menu. Liked all of them -- out of the three, I'd recommend the Sidecar Burger. The next thing I aim to try out from their menu is their Nachos; looked pretty bomb. I foresee trying out many things from their menu in the months to come. :)
I recommend."The big thing this place has going for it is that its close."
...said my friend who just moved to South Philly, probably not realizing that I would travel across town if it meant food this good! Sure, it's a nondescript corner bar in an austere neighborhood, but that doesn't mean it didn't provide me with one of the most interesting sandwiches I've ever eaten.
The Mushroom Dip. I think it was, for lack of a better term, mushroom mush served on thick bread with melted cheese and a side of creamy au jus. Strange, not particularly good looking (how good can mushed up mushrooms look?) and absolutely wonderful. I like how they offer "fries, a salad, or a little of both." I went for a salad, what with a half a day's worth of fat in the sandwich. It was a really nice Saturday night dinner, and at $12, well worth it.
Had a flight of beer to drink, and I REALLY appreciate that not every single tap contained an over-hopped double-triple-pale-bock IPA more akin to furniture varnish than beer... there were tasty offerings on the lighter end of the scale too.
IPA's suck. You just don't think they do because you're a hipster.
Yep.
Plenty of attention from the waitstaff on a busy Saturday, and an unexpectedly exquisite meal. Bravo, Philly.This is a great west, south philly locals only kinda place. It is small and intimate, they have a great beer selection and some interesting food choices. 
Try the crab fries they are to die for. I have only been here for late night drinks and munchies so thats all I can really say about it.
Good spot for "just started dating someone drinks"I've been to Sidecar many times over the past few years and after experiencing a slow decline, I have finally decided that I won't be returning for food after my most recent experience. I went for happy hour and while the drink specials are a great deal, the food is just not that great. We ordered the nachos ($7 during happy hour) that include meat; however, we requested no meat. The nachos were very dry, with a small amount of cheese that was not evenly distributed over the chips. Parts were even burned. We requested extra salsa to help combat some of the dryness and were given a small cup of extra salsa. When we received the check, we noticed that we were charged an additional $.50 for the salsa. Now, normally I would understand being charged a fee for ordering extras, but we were still charged the full $7 for the nachos despite not getting meat (obviously the most expensive ingredient!). Seems like a lousy way to treat vegetarian customers.Yummy food. Unfortunately they were only serving brunch and started serving dinner at 3 so we missed what we really came for. Would come back to try again. Had the breakfast biscuit sandwhich and the chicken fried chicken. Not super flavorful, had better gravy but it was still good.I love that they have extra seating now as it's a lot easier to get a table. Tried brunch there for the first time this weekend and loved it. Huevos rancheros and biscuit egg sandwich were so yummy! Friendly service. Outdoor seating.Great brunch, bloody Mary's, and dinner options- pulled pork is heaven on their cornbread and also a wonderful cocktail selection. Definitely a solid establishment- also, their music selection usually makes me dance in my seat.Went here for brunch this morning with some friends after stopping at Sabrina's and finding an hour and a half wait.  It was only my second choice because I've eaten here previously, and love trying new places.  But I was very happy to go back!
The visit started off rough because we were promised a 20 minute wait and ended up standing around for an hour.  However, once we were seated, the experience turned around as I knew it would.  I love the atmosphere, and we got a great seat where the warm sun was shining through.  Sometimes it's the little things that make you love a restaurant- our coffee came with a tiny but delicious shortbread cookie!  
Since I had ordered the banana walnut pancakes last time I came for brunch, I decided to try something savory.  As simple as the concept was, the bacon, egg, and cheese on a buttermilk biscuit sounded EXACTLY like what I was craving.  It was great- I inhaled the entire thing.  It came with hash brown potatoes which were tasty.  My only complaint is that the bigger pieces were slightly undercooked.  I didn't try anyone else's meals, but everyone seemed to enjoy what they ordered.  The Crab Cakes and Eggs Benedict looked fantastic. 
Service doesn't usually make or break a meal for me, but I thought I'd mention the fact that our server seemed pretty overwhelmed and snapped at us when we pointed out a mistake on the check.   Regardless, I'm sure I'll be returning to Sidecar for brunch.   Hopefully when it's warm and we can eat outside.I wandered over to sidecar on a gorgeous Sunday evening  for some apps and drinks and scored a table outside. What impressed me right away was how attentive and chill the servers were despite being severely understaffed for such a big crowd (inside tables were full too).  Our table was wobbly and our server fixed it before we could even bring it to her attention. She then recommended a few apps and beers and gave us some time to review the eclectic menu.  It was "Pork Me Sunday" so all pork dishes were half off. We decided to try the Braised Pork Nachos and the "Appetizer Formerly Known As" which was essentially "Crab meat in a spicy imperial sauce over fries". I was in the mood for something summery so I ordered a margarita which was delicious and made with fresh squeezed lime juice. My boy ordered a wheat beer which was recommended by our server.
The nachos weren't your typical nachos and should have had more pork on them as it was "Pork Me Sunday". The fries were yummy but I think I ate too many because my tummy wasn't feeling so hot after we left.  Overall I would certainly come back and try their dinner options and I've heard Sidecar does a mean brunch.
Also, I did check out the inside and was very impressed by the vibes I got...especially with the upstairs. Definitely a great spot to meet friends for a drink! Their beer selection was impressive and there is something for everyone.yayyyy !!!!
come on Tuesday, everything on tab will be 3.50 and try everything on the menu but the oyster sandwich :DThe best neighborhood spot in G-Ho...
This my neighborhood go to brunch and dinner when I don't feel like burning the food at home.I like this spot for the beer and convenience to my apartment.  I could take or leave the food.
If you go during brunch or on a weekend night, expect it to be packed.  I love the addition of the upstairs, which allows for more wiggle room when trying to get to the bar.  
Their beer selection is awesome - lots of craft beers, which I appreciate, especially since Philly has made me somewhat of a beer snob (I cringe when my Ohio friends order Miller Lite's).  
I've eaten here a few times and while the food is good, it doesn't stand out as something you can't get anywhere else.  Then again, I've never been for brunch, which is supposedly the meal everyone raves about here, so I'll have to try it one of these weekends when the weather gets bearable enough to stand outside and wait!Sidecar is a great little resuturant tucked inside the graduate hospital neighborhood. There isn't a lot around this area so it's a prime spot for burgers and beers. They always are rotating the beers on tap and if your a beer fan they have plenty of good ones to choose from.
The food is good too! My favorite burger is the salmon burger with a little bit of both ( you can get both fries and a salad as a side, I would 100% suggest this). They also have a good happy hour with cheap appetizers.
The atmosphere is very relaxing and you feel very at home. The staff is very nice and helpful. I would recommend this place if you are a fan of burgers, they have a bunch of different combinations not found elsewhere.I hope what I read on Billy Penn is wrong, but if your owner shut down Kermit's and informed his employees about it via text on Thanksgiving night, with zero prior notice, then you don't deserve my patronage or anyone else's. Good luck keeping a loyal staff with that policy.Excellent food, though a tad overpriced. Service was excellent. We sat outside on an unusually chilly June night. Excellent draft list. I got the breakfast burger ($12) with house fries and mixed greens. Burger was good and bloody with a poached egg, cheddar cheese and and pork roll. The bun was excellent. My date had the salmon burger ($14) with mixed greens. Burger was good but overly seasoned and very salty. The dressing they use on their side salad tastes homemade and is very tasty. My Old Fashioned was tasty but at 8 bucks was a tad overpriced. Will be back soon for $10 build your own burgers after 10pm.Ate here for the first time today. Thrilled that even though it was busy, they had ample seating at the upstairs bar so no wait. 
The black bean burger is so tasty! Clearly made in house and so well seasoned, unlike many black bean burgers that have limited taste. The aioli served with it was equally delicious and the bun was on point - fresh but firm enough that it didn't break. 
I'm taking a star off for two reasons - my companion ordered a breakfast combo and they were out of homefries. To be out of homefries during brunch at noon just seems like bad planning. Second, our food took forever. We sat for at least 30 minutes before we were served. That said, I recommend it!I think of Sidecar as the best place to eat in Graduate Hospital. Great, friendly staff! Love their brunch almost more than their regular menu. I've only been let down once (mashed potatoes not so exciting). Beer selection is impressive! Love sitting outside.This used to be my favorite neighborhood spot. Something changed, and not for the better! The menu is more limited, and the food is lazy, bland.. it used to be so awesome! I don't know if they have new management or a new chef.. either way, it makes me sad.Yeah, this place sucks my dill hole.  Please to ignore my previous review.
Babygirl, I got love for you.  You're my kind of place.  The lady bartender had tats all over her hands and I kind of just wanted to give her a kiss for reminding me of SF.  It ain't no Zeitgeist, but the bloody mary reminded me of happier times.  Also, the breakfast potatoes kind of kicked ass!  That's what I'm talking about.
The chorizo breakfast sandwich could use some help.  It needs some kind of condiment on there to really make it pop, but that said it was still alright.  And I was digging on the obscure oldies that folks seemed to be singing right along to.  On a Sunday morning, of all things.  Major props.
It still isn't a real dive and I wish it could be grodier with a little bit of an endearingly shitty attitude, but I guess those just aren't that easy to come by here.  I'll take what they're dishing up in the meantime.
Oh, I should also mention that I am literally dying for their black bean burgers.  During a recent drunken brainstorming session I decided that black bean burgers are going to be the next great thing in hipster dining, and I love that they are way ahead of me!I was in Philadelphia for a conference with a friend who used to live in Philly, and she recommended I check out Sidecar. My boyfriend and I were hungry but not starving so we decided to order take-out. We got the  Nachos with braised pork, and the Fried Goat Cheese Salad to split. The Nachos were the best that I've had in a while, they were loaded with toppings and not skimpy like I've seen at other places. And the pork on the Nachos was SO good. My boyfriend is not a big fan of pork, likely because it is served a lot smothered in BBQ sauce, however this pork wasn't. The salad was great,  the asparagus in the salad proved to be a great addition. Needless to say, we finished every last bite of both dishes. Although we didn't eat in the restaurant, it also looks like this place has a great craft beer selection. We highly recommend Sidecar to anyone!Even though the last time I was there the waitress I had a was a complete moron I'm still going to give this place 5 stars.  The bartenders here are all really awesome.  They will get you super effed up.  It's a good time.  The high gravity night was a lot of fun and I'm looking forward to the next one.  They had a keg of Kentucky Breakfast Stout for it.  That alone is impressive and shows how awesome they are.  The draft and bottle list are always incredible.  They have hop slam in bottles which is almost next to impossible to find.  The best part about all of that is that it is cheap here.  The hop slam bottles I was speaking of are only $6.  I know it sounds like a lot, but it really isn't at all.  I suggest this bar to anyone that wants to have a good time, drink good beer, and not break the bank.Came here with a friend and her boyfriend yesterday for brunch for the first time.  We were looking for a place with a big brunch menu since her boyfriend is a vegetarian and we needed some options.  We got there around 10:30/11 (they do not take reservations) and the place only had a few people in it which was surprising!  It has really cute decor centered around sidecars and seems like a great neighborhood place to hangout.  We were sat upstairs and I believe it was the bartender who took care of us.  He was super friendly and helpful.  I had a lot of questions for him and he was really enthusiastic and eager to answer.  He made us really delicious bloody marys!  They are spicy - which I loved.  
For food, I got the BBQ pulled pork benedict and it was awesome!!!!!  The pork was so tender and juicy.  The benedict sits on top of a jalapeno corn cake and they were to die for.  I ate every single bite and didn't leave a single piece.  The three of us also decided to split the french toast du jour which was apple cinnamon.  The apple sits on top of the french toast as opposed to being baked into it.  This was also delicious, but very sweet so you don't need to add syrup to it.  
We left there feeling extremely satisfied and I already can't wait to go back with some other friends!It's everything I could want in a neighborhood gastropub. Great beer selection and amazing onion rings!Oh Sidecar, what happened to you? 
I order take out from you at least once a month. 
Each time we order something is always wrong. 
Burgers not cooked as ordered, no salad...
Most recently dressing on the half salad that was requested THREE times to have dressing on the side. 
I heard my husband request DRESSING on the SIDE three times. 
Was this an honest mistake? Maybe- but it seems like a passive aggressive act because somebody repeated themselves three times. 
Yes, this is very much a first world problem but it's annoying. I get psyched to have the salad with my meal and am extremely disappointed when not only is it soggy because it's in the container with hot items, but also covered in dressing.
Dude, really? Three times dressing on the side was confirmed. 
Now I've got hot mushy dressed salad next to my cold fries and a burger clearly cooked medium rare not medium well. 
Step it up guys.I was here way back when, when the place opened, but until recently, I hadn't been back. Now, with a friend in the area, I've been here several times over the past couple of weeks and I've been quite impressed. 
Great food - I've sampled the nachos, goat cheese salad, chicken fingers, french fries - and all were generous in portion size and of surprising quality, enough so that I would come here for the food itself. 
Happy hour specials are a steal. Sat here on Tuesday afternoon and worked through several of the half-priced appetizers and draft beers. Generous sidewalk space for soaking up some sun whilst happy-houring. Staff is friendly and on-point. 
Can't ask for much more. I'll be happy to become a regular here.I heart my neighborhood, and I heart the Sidecar. Seriously. I miss their old menu (they switched out about 2 months or so ago), but they're still awesome.My cousin lives really close to Sidecar and I've been here a few times and they never disappoint.  This past weekend, I was craving a burger but didn't feel like dining in, so I just ordered it for pickup.  They were super courteous over the phone and even offered me the option of having half fries and half salad.  It's the little things in life that make me happy.  When I went to pick up my meal, the great service continued.  I was even helped by a waiter who was off the clock (and very excited about it) yet was willing to help me out.  
Every time I've been there the service is fast and pleasant and the atmosphere is always vibrant with young Philadelphians (is that a word?) My burger was seasoned to perfection and delicious. This is a great little neighborhood bar.Came here for the first time for  brunch yesterday and the experience was definitely a win. 
First and foremost....the bloody mary's are awesome! they're spicy, but not just because they dumped too much horseradish into it. they were very flavorful and had the perfect kick to them. 
I had the roast turkey sandwhich---it had a slightly sweet but mostly tart cranberry and walnut sauce (nothing like that gelatinous stuff from the can, ick), and thick cut, perfectly cooked bacon. mmmmmm. salivating just thinking about it. 
Also, all of the sandwiches on the brunch menu come with salad, fries, or a little of both. i love the flexibility of having a little of both--and both were delish! 
other brunch menu items that looked great were fried chicken with gravy and biscuits, an epic looking reuben, breakfast burritos, and all the egg type things one could want. 
I'll be back to try the evening fare and will update accordinglyWe walked right in and were able to snag a table for 5 upstairs immediately on a Saturday night - score!  They let us have the table even though all the members of our party were not present.  I love this.   I really hate those restaurants that don't let you have your table until everyone arrives.
The service was great.  Our waiter was extremely attentive and knowledgable.  He had suggestions of his favorite dishes and drinks, which I love.  The table and seating itself was slightly awkward.  There is bench seating along with wall and it was out of whack - that is the only way I can describe it.   It is tilted downward toward the floor and it's too narrow.  I'm not big but it was barely big enough for me to sit on.  Also it is high and then the table is too low.  I switched to one of the seats on the other side and again, the chairs were too high and the table too low.  Maybe I'm the only one to notice this?
The food was great.  Our appetizers and entrees came out at the exact same time, which is not typically my preference.  I would have liked to have the appetizers first so that my entree didn't get cold while I ate the appetizer.  I had the gnocchi with mushroom entree special.  It was quite delicious.  Everyone from my table kept sneaking bites.  My goat cheese salad was very satisfying.  It came with 2 nice big pieces of fried goat cheese that were creamy on the inside.   I got the full (vs the half) size and it was extremely filling, just on its own.  I sampled the fried mac and cheese balls and they were super yummy.
Parking was surprisingly easy on a Saturday night and I'd definitely make the trek to try this place out again.The beer selection is good but not quite at the level of many of Philly's other craft beer bars.  That said, the food menu's strength lies, I think, in its appetizer selection.  Been here about 3 or 4 times, each time with one or two others, and each time we ended up getting a combination of 3 or 4 apps, foregoing any entrees, and we were perfectly happy.
I have been subject to some hipster-style surliness here a couple of times.  Un-cool.
For reasons I can't explain, this place does seem to attract a bit more of the douche-bag populace than I care to EVER be around.  Not sure why that is and I don't blame the establishment itself for this, yet it is a truth based on my admittedly small number of visits:  Whenever the guy next to me, sporting a polo shirt with a turned-up collar, asks for a Miller Lite and reacts with belligerence when he's told that they don't carry that particular "beer", it makes me want to run for the hills.Great little neighborhood place. Good atmosphere + cheap drink specials. Good food + friendly bartenders. What more could you want in a local place? Only 1 small tv which is great -- not too much focus on tv, but if you have to catch the game, you're all set. Best in the neighborhood!Sidecar has a great beer list, and service that makes you feel welcome. It's a quizzo location (Monday nights!), which is awesome, but I didn't feel the sense of camaraderie I've felt at other places (albeit, outside of Philadelphia and back in my shore area home town). The food did not stand out to me, so I might only recommend Sidecar if you're looking for a bar and already ate. The outdoor seating is great on a sunny day (dogs are welcome!).We came here after seeing it on Triple D. Good selection of beers. Only okay service, though. I had the braised pork nachos and it was plenty! Spouse had the Reuben. We split the clam chowder which I thought is reason enough to come here! My spouse likes the South Philly Tap Room (and/maybe the Memphis Tap Room), but my vote is for here. Can't wait to come back.The new chef rocks, this place always had a nice diversity of options on the menu, and the new changes make it even better. Great beer selection, nice vibe, interesting people... Get the carnitas!Oh Sidecar - my summer '09 go-to American gastropub.
In the midst of a neighborhood slowly growing an amazing selection of pubbery, Sidecar definitely ranks right up there with the best of em.
While the change in chef about a month or two ago seemed to me a blow to the previously solid and much more well rounded menu, the phenomenally honest and friendly bartenders/servers remain, as does the generally awesome music (Fela night being, of course, the highlight).  I was most disappointed to lose the rotating mussel preparation, as the Red Thai Curry mussels were, I think, the best in the city (which is saying a lot when Monks and Eulogy are in the picture).
The beer list is generally interesting (it introduced me to Duck Rabbit, now one of my favorite American brewers), if not expansive, and rotates at a good pace.  This will be my first winter with Sidecar, and unfortunately the somewhat cold and metallic interior already seem slightly less appealing, so Sidecar might be in hibernation for me until spring.  But come March - I'm diving straight back in.OHHHH Sidecar, how I love thee.
Where do I start...ok, BEER. Every month they have High Gravity night in which I Do. Not. Miss. They claim that all beer on tap are above 8% which is not true BUT I DON'T CARE because all 8 taps are filled with some of the best, hard to find, tastiest beers from around the world...yeah WORLD. 
The people behind the bar and running tables are always great and friendly. It's a place where the owner is roaming behind the bar grabbing drinks for people and refilling your water, I really appreciate that.
Food specials are new and interesting everyday. The half price happy hour specials make you feel like your stealing food from them. The crab fries which actually have crab on them are one of the best things on the menu, none of the "crab" fries you find at other places which the closest thing to crab is the silhouette of a crab on the old bay seasoning can. Nachos are piled high with tender pork or chorizo sausage and the chicken tenders are pretzel crusted with some of the best honey mustard I have ever had.best french fries, best happy hour (especially if you're a liquor drinker), cool beers (if you're into that sort of thing), and most importantly, everyone who works here is a babe.Brunch review only - but dinner review most likely coming very soon!
This place is awesome - nice casual hangout, pretty upstairs area and a solid, solid brunch. I don't know about you, but I am not a fan of the dainty brunch - if it's Sunday, I am most likely hurting / exhausted and I just want some solid eggs, biscuits and strong coffee. The Sidecar definitely delivers on brunch! The holy chorizo burrito was super good, as was the breakfast sandwich. Everything looked super good, and I can't wait to return and try their carbonara mac+cheese.Wow, I'm blown away by how popular this place is.  I went there with my husband.  We both ordered chicken sandwiches and the both were full of gristle and bones. They were inedible! They did remove the charges from our bill but I've never been ANYWHERE that would serve a sandwich full of bones.This is my neighborhood bar, aka you can probably find me here more than once a week! 
It is a really relaxed bar atmosphere that IS a little small/cramped (I was told the new upstairs would be open soon...who knows when soon is though).
The servers are good. Sometimes they seem to have an attitude when it's crowded and they are super busy, but I think it's just them working really hard. It's not the time or place where you're going to have one of those servers who chit chats with you about random stuff for a few minutes.
The beer selection is great. They change it up on a regular  basis. This is not the place you go for a budweiser, I'll put it that way. 
The bar food is pretty upscale for bar food. They have specials that rotate daily and since I eat here so often I usually try to get a special, which are always good.
My favorite parts about this bar are their daily deals: Happy hour with half price apps and $1 off beer is every day to 7pm, and then again from 10-1 i think. 
They have weekly specials like bitter mondays, pork sundays, etc. 
Their kitchen is open late and its a great place to pick up food for take out if you need a late night eat or getting home from work late.
Overall, this is the perfect neighborhood bar and I am glad I get to call this MY neighborhhood bar!I went there over the summer for Pliny the Younger. Very poorly run.
They let 80 or so people wait on line for an hour for no reason. 
They quietly passed out about 50 tickets, had 10-12 oz. pours of the beers, and didn't bother warning everyone else that there would not be enough beer for the others waiting on line.
It probably was from plain greed that they expected people to squeeze into their already filled up bar for non-Younger beers, but my friends and I weren't having it and left. We were kind enough, unlike the bar, to tell everyone on line that, like us, they just waited on line for no reason and should leave instead of waiting and expecting Younger.Sidecar is quite possibly my favorite brunch place in Philly! I first went because someone got me a gift card. I had no reason to check it out, and I'm glad I did.
Pros:
-fantastic food, fantastic menu
-atmosphere is nice, clean, bright pub (I usually prefer dark and dank, but for brunch it was perfect)
-good drinks according to friends
-good service most of the time, though it's hit or miss
-plenty of seating downstairs, upstairs, outside
Cons:
-as mentioned above, service is hit or miss. If you catch someone on a bad day, you'll know it.
Overall: As you can probably gather, I don't really have anything bad to say about this place, though I haven't been at night, despite it being the type of bar I like. And, the food is so fantastic that I have to keep going back.
Suggestion: Huevos Rancheros!My experience at the SideCar involved a really great sidecar (diiir, it better be) and...Ultimate Fighting on TV?  The service was nice enough (though taking themselves a bit seriously?) and we had an okay time late night, but this place seems to be having a bit of an identity crisis. 
Are you a nice upscale bar with swanky, old timey cocktails and yummy food, as your name, exterior and patio seating would suggest?  Are you a dive bar, as your strangely decorated, cramped, very dark interior suggests?  Are you showing bloody scary Ultimate Fighting ironically, or because you actually like it??  Help me out here!!  And expand your cocktail menu, please.I saw this place on Food Network's Dives, Diners, and Drive Ins.  I saw a couple of dishes that I really wanted yo try, but I happened to go on a Saturday at 2pm and they were only serving brunch!?  Its hard to grade a place on Breakfast/brunch, but my chorizo burrito was really good.  My really picky wife got some hazelnut salad and really loved it.  The service was just OK and the decor was kind of a bar dive, but the menu was interesting and the food was good.  I would go back if i was in the area and try some other dishes.  PS kind of a hipster paradise.I went with a large group for happy hour and there was plenty of room to accommodate us all on the second floor. The wait staff was very attentive and helpful with beer selections. We also ordered the nachos w/ chorizo and it was very tasty!I have been told to come here for brunch since their food is pretty good but I've only come here for drinks, nachos and burgers. Their drink selection is not bad at all - love their drafts and I can't complain about a place that has good porters and stouts. Nachos were so-so...didn't really feel like they were anything to die for but from what I remember, their burgers really really good. I love burgers that are juicy and medium rare without having the cow moo so I can't complain about that! Good company, good food, what more else can you get?Great trendy neighborhood bar and grille with mixed bag of food. Best pulled pork nachos I've had in years. House burger ok; on a brioche bun, small but greasy. Buffalo wings very sub-par, fatty and ridiculously expensive for what you get ($12.50 for 6 that are not that great). Service was great start to finish.One of my favorite bars and brunch spots for years. The Chicken Fried Chicken is bangin' and the service has always been great.Service is great! Employees are all welcoming and always a smile with service. Good is great! I came for the brunch menu and ordered the Apple cinnamon French toast and crab Benedict. The French toast taste just like a fresh baked apple pie and the crab cakes were fresh and delicious! The atmosphere is also very chill. Great place for brunchThis place is weak. It tries REALLY hard to be this grungy neighborhood hipstery bar (sorry, "gastropub"), but it just ends up overcharging and under-delivering. The cooks have no idea how to make an omelet (I've given them chances on two separate occasions). The rest of the food I"ve tried is fine, but priced like it's something special. The Vietnamese iced coffee is now EIGHT FUCKING DOLLARS. No, seriously. Oh, and if you want something non-alcoholic to drink, I hope you like Coke or Ginger Ale, because those are your choices. 
The waitstaff has varied from below average to amazing the couple of times I've been there. The most recent time it was on the 'amazing' side, but even that isn't going to bring me back. 
I'm glad this place exists. It gives the neighborhood a little flair and character beyond just the row-upon-row of rowhouses, but I'll pass going forward.The beer selection and specials are really good. The happy hour nachos are disgusting. Last night I was served a plate of cold beans, greasy chips and cold, unmelted cheese. Yuck!
The bar does have a nice relaxed feel to it.
They seem to be understaffed and service is slow.This is a great place if your are interested in craft beers and happy hipster service. It's like a modern day road biker bar with decent, pricey food and great rare beers. The bloody mary's are great, made with purpose and care.I was extremely torn between the black bean burger and mushroom au jus. Alas, how many places have a mushroom au jus? It became the obvious choice and it was delicious! One of those meals that you find yourself often craving because it was so memorable. I opted for the side salad and fries, the portions were still large. Overall a very satisfying experience, I'll definitely be returning!I went to the Sidecar last Saturday. We arrived around 7:30, it was not too busy so we easily found a seat upstairs. I liked the atmosphere. We came to order a bunch of appetizers and small plates so we could try many things on the menu. We ordered the cheese board, mac n cheese fritters, the clam chowder gnocchi, and the corn bread.
I loved the cheese board. The selection was great. There were three cheeses, figs, apple slices and two types of bread: one soft and a crostini. 
The man n cheese fritters were good, not amazing. They came with a good tomato sauce and Parmesan.
The gnocchi was delicious! The portion size was small though considering it was $12.00. The bacon made it perfect : )
I liked the cornbread but my only complaint would be there was not enough butter on it so the bread became more crumbly than moist.
Sidecar has a great beer selection that changes daily as well some wine and specialty cocktail choices. 
Overall, I really liked this place, both the atmosphere and the food.Sidecar is a GREAT neighborhood bar.  The food is generally good - I've tried a lot of their desserts, their mashed potatoes, black bean burger, nachos, and much of their brunch food.  All of it was great.  Additionally, the beer selections are generally wonderful.  I think that if I didn't live in the neighborhood, I might not trek from very far to come here, but I'd come from say Rittenhouse Square.  It's a good choice for good food, good drinks, and a good atmosphere.Sidecar, you have yet to disappoint me!
I've been here for drinks, brunch, lunch and late evenings--  it is always a great choice! The bartenders and servers are positively dazzling. My last brunch experience was elevated to a level of superiority simply by the waiter. I was accompanied by 8 other friends and let's just say, we're a unique group of social individuals. Not one drink was left empty, and the food arrived in no-time.
Sidecar is well-known for their scrumptious huevos rancheros, but also feature a full menu of other fantastic options. Choosing a dish here is always a challenging task. Last time I came for brunch, I ordered the chicken enchilada special with over easy eggs. Others at my table that day, tried the chicken fried chicken, quiche, and eggs benedict. Every plate was left clean. The food was fantastic. Also, they have one of THE best bloody mary's I've ever had in this city! If you're not in the breakfast mood, I recommend are the wings, pretzel encrusted chicken fingers, and carnitas. 
There are still many items I have to try on their menu, so I will be venturing here again very soon. Keep it up, Sidecar! You're doin' it right, my friends!I haven't been to this place in a bit but wow, things have changed, and not for the better.  My chicken sandwich had a bone in it.  Perhaps this was an oversight but my wife's also had a bone in it.  I mean cmon.  It's a sandwich!  Just think about what I just wrote for a second.......here you are famished and looking forward to that bite, with the mixture of cheese, long hots, and dipping sauce and......KAPOW!  There's a greasy ass bone you bite into. On a positive note, waiter was great and didn't charge us.
Needless to say I stopped eating......it was a walk up the street for a large custard sundae from Rita's for dinner.  Won't be back guys."Four stars. Could have been five stars."
We walked in during a busy moment on the second afternoon of Beer Week and the last open table in The Sidecar was ours. Hooray! We sat on the outer half of the table. We ordered our drinks from our fast and friendly server were instructed by the woman who seemed to be running the show to scoot in to the inner table, "in case another two top comes in." We moved in but after a few minutes, I deemed this request inappropriate. Why couldn't the new party sit on the inside table? Annoying. Within ten minutes, several other "two tops" cleared out, rendering our move worthless. I didn't move back to the outer table out of spite. This is my one and only complaint about my experience at The Sidecar.
I ordered the Mushroom Dip, which was a mushroom puree with gruyere on toast, with a mushroom "au jus" and hot tasty french fries and a diet coke. I didn't know what to expect, but the mushroom mush that held the sandwich together was flavorful and HOT (temp-wise). It filled my tum tum with shroomy glee. Too bad they weren't psychedelic mushrooms!
We decided on Sidecar because my boyfriend (henceforth known as "Mike") wanted a cheeseburger, but a little atmosphere, which is why we didn't go to Sketch. The burger was good, although it was ordered medium and came out a little too well - but still, it was very good. Perhaps it wasn't quite up to Sketch's quality, but good luck achieving that, restaurants that aren't Sketch. The atmosphere at Sidecar made up for it, though. And the fries were delicious. 
Oh, and when we left, we returned to my car to find someone double parked directly beside me, when there was a giant open spot on the street, one car ahead of me. WHAT? I thought it was a woman I just saw loading her groceries into her house, since the hazard blinkers were on - I thought maybe it could be a quick run inside. But evidently not. After five to seven minutes of honking my horn and yelling for someone to move their car, a nerd in glasses and a CitySports t-shirt came out, like he just woke up from a nap. "Oh, sorry, I didn't know you guys were in there. I apologize." He moved and we held our tongues, but still an ignorant move. Find a spot and walk, nerd.
I would like to return to Sidecar someday. They have several veggie options, which is always appreciated, and several interesting appetizer/small plates that I'd like to try. Their menu online says they had, at some point, a veggie sloppy joe, which is always a major selling point for me. They should bring that back. ;)
Four solid stars - but could have been five!This is one of the best bars in the Southwest Center City neighborhood.  The service is consistently good, prices have increased a bit with their popularity, the decor is stylish, and the food is okay.  If you want to order something that will knock your socks off go for the chipolte wings - other then that the menu is mediocre (my apologies to Adam Ritter, the owner).  There is outdoor seating spring thru fall.Bring back the old Sidecar PLEASE. New management, new servers and a terrible experience. I will preface this by saying that we loved the old Sidecar and went several times each month for happy hour for years. However, after my experience today, I will not be returning. 
We arrived to enjoy the beautiful weather and happy hour outdoors. There was clearly two tables for two available to sit outside so we asked to sit outside. The server said "oh well we are saving that for four people so you can't sit there". There were no other parties waiting and it wasn't crowded inside, so why not accommodate the people there who are going to give you business? No? Ok fine we sat at the bar. We went to order drinks and my husband ordered first. Without asking the bartender motioned to leave and get his beer without asking me if I wanted anything. She paused came back and said "would you like something?" to which I also ordered a beer. She then said to me "I need to see your ID". I didn't have my wallet with me so she then told me it was against the law for her to serve me. CLEARLY you were going to serve my husband without asking him for his ID or checking his age. I'm thirty years old and don't look especially young. If you are going to make a rule, then stick to it and don't play a game. I am sure you aren't outside carding everyone enjoying happy hour. 
Again, we were regulars at this bar and knew some of the bartending staff by name. We always brought out of town friends and family to this place because we loved it so much. I am disheartened by the change in management and even your great happy hours won't get me to come back.Great food at a better price than most bar food.  I don't want to tell you guys what days/times they have specials, because it's starting to get really crowded.
Great burgers, pulled pork, carnitas, nachos...Came here on a "Pork Me Sunday" which means specials on all the pork offerings.  BBQ pulled pork was good.  Carnitas was good too.  Neither blew me away but it's just solid comfort food.  Food is good, not amazing.
Great beer selection.
Excellent service.
Good music.
It's pretty busy but it's a comfortable place.The fluffiest omelet I have ever had. It was so delicious. Came for Sunday brunch around 2pm..I've been wanting to try this place forever, and decided today was the right day to try with some friends. We arrived at 11:30am on a Saturday for brunch and were seated as a table of 4 within 5 minutes-it was crowded but they seemed to be moving quickly. We started off with Vietnamese iced coffee and orange juice-the coffee was SO good, not too sweet and very well done.
We asked the waitress for recs and my friends chose a few of hers-the pig and potato burrito and chicken fried chicken- but didn't get her other rec, the BBQ pulled pork Benedict. I got (and LOVED) the huevos rancheros-fresh, flavorful, with very well cooked eggs (get it with the Mexican choriZo, you won't be disappointed) and my boyfriend got (and promptly devoured with serving me only one bite) the Crabby Benedict-also incredibly flavorful with real crab. This is a real compliment coming from a Marylander!
We were out of there within an hour and a half (would have been an hour flat if we wanted, so they're fast) but they let us stay and chat. Overall it was a great experience!Great bar, wish i could walk there...
went last night - my 2nd visit. great bartender with knowledge about the food and beers.
tried to go back tonight but the place was packed at 7 pm.
highlights:
* Nachos with pulled pork.  very good, not great.  could easily feed 4
* carnitas.  (half price during happy hr)
* grits with polenta, cheddar and a little bacon... oh my god... unreal
havent had anything yet i didnt like...
havent done a 5 star review yet.  if i could, i'd give this place 4.5I went here for quizzo on a Monday. The topics were great and the questions were good and competetive. It was a bit impossible to hear the guy (Johnny Goodtimes) and he was seriously mumbling...pretty sure he was drunk.
The food was great. I got a burger and side salad. Both were delicious. The burger was cooked perfectly and tasted great. Juicy. The salad had a very tasty sauce on it.
The beer selection was decent...a few too many IPAs in my opinion...nothing higher percentage either. I like the option to economize my beer to drunk to cash levels with some 12 Oz 8-10%ers...I'm a big fan of brunch, and now a huge fan of Sidecar B&G!  I met a friend there, and we sat at the bar and thoroughly enjoyed the friendly bartenders and excellent service. We had awesome Bloody Mary's (just the right spice and seasonings) and both enjoyed the oh' so tasty crab & tomato omelet, which happened to compliment the Bloody Mary quite nicely. 
The place had a really great vibe too and I'm looking forward to experiencing it at night sometime. 
For now, I think i found my new favorite brunch spot in the city!The Sidecar is an awesome little gastropub.  Great beer, great food, great service.  I've been coming here for years whenever I'm looking for a snack and a few beers.  
The server was very nice and attentive.  We always had water and beverages at our table.  
I had nachos carnitas.  They were really good, not 5 star, but tasty indeed.  They have  a nice rotating draft selection to satisfy any type of beer drinker.my fav bar in the area! thanks to fantastic local owners always providing a great selection of beer and food (wine too now).  hurry and get upstairs open!!!!Crabby Benny?  Yes, please!  Now, I've only been here to eat brunch, so no alcohol was included with this meal (I was sick, or I would have gotten a bloody mary because they looked delish as well), but nonetheless, it was spectacular.  Everything I have heard about Sidecar was true... it's awesome.  I only hope to remember to go back there more often so that I can write about the bar!This place is a really solid hangout spot for people in the graduate hospital area. If I lived there (and I really wish I did) I would definitely make this a go to spot for good prices on beers and some good sides/appetizers. 
I kind of liked the darkness of the inside, but then again I'm a weirdo. 
The food is okay. We had pretty good nachos here, but the cheese could have been melted and not in half-melted clumps, but otherwise it was pretty tasty. The burger I had was...not that good. I'm glad I got it with bacon otherwise I would have sent it back. It made me regret choosing it over the pulled pork. I took a few nibbles off my friends plate and I will definitely be back to get that. Yum.
Half off all pork (but not the bacon cheeseburger cause the bacon is not a main...though we did ask) menu items on Sunday. So Sunday it is.Probably the best spot in the neighborhood especially to bring guests because everyone can find something they like. Great beer list. I love the opportunity to have a mix of fries and salad for a side dish. Food is generally good, but not every dish is great. That said, I've never had anything that was bad. Brunch is very good. Very dog friendly and no complaints about the service. Upstairs is comfortable and quizzo on Mondays is a nice perk (but starts too late in my opinion!).A group of 7 of us came in after a Phillies day game on a Thursday. We have a friend that lives around the corner from this fine establishment. We sat and stood at the bar. They have a very good beer selection, the bartenders knew their beers well and the service was great. We orders some appetizers to share all were very good; we had Nachos w/ Pork, Mac n' Cheese Fritters, Pretzel Crusted Chicken, and Margarita Flatbread.This is a neighborhood favorite in the Graduate Hospital area. It's a cozy spot and it has two floors. I usually come for brunch and the  food is always excellent. One of my favorites is the crabby beny. The menu is creative and often had specials that are outside of the box.
The service is always good even when it's busy (which is always during brunch). Their black bean burger is da bomb. I'm not a vegetarian but this and the Ruben are my two favorite sandwiches. Their Bloody Mary is the best in the city. One of my only qualms is that they only serve brunch at brunch. I really do wish that they would expand the menu to.Used to be my go-to but now seemingly under new ownership and prices have increased and the menu has changed. Some old favorites still remain (love the black bean burger) but the pulled pork with jalapeno cornbread is gone.  
Some changes are good, but some changes including now charging $8 for Vietnamese Iced coffee are NOT good.  $8?? And I had to ask the waitress for more milk since it was terrible.  Instead i'll now walk 3 blocks east (19th and Christian) instead to get better and less pretentious Vietnamese Iced Coffee for less than half the price. 
Our waitress Courtney however was awesome, funny, pleasant and accommodating.Food is very good if you are in the mood for the burger-centric menu.  Beer selection is also good.  Staff is average.  One bartender had no idea about the menu saying she just started which is fare.  However on a subsequent visit another bartender gave me incorrect info on one of the menu items.  I never corrected him but it would have been nice for him to acknowledge when the plate came out and was obviously not what he said.  Good neighborhood spot though.I had fried oysters here and got pretty drunk upstairs. Its close to my house and convenientCame here on a Tuesday night for the first time for some burgers. My boyfriend and I seated ourselves at a corner table downstairs and enjoyed the cozy atmosphere juxtaposed to the noise emenating from the upstairs bar which was clearly packed. Less than a minute later we were asked to move to a table closer to the door. This was a less than ideal spot; we felt severely cramped as patrons made their way in and out of the bar, bumping in our seats along the way. I appreciated the friendly, albeit slow, service and the way water refills came without needing to ask. I started with the hazelnut salad which was underwhelming. I expected the roasting of the hazelnuts to bring out an abundance of flavor, but this was not the case. Then I had my burger. The Blue Ribbon was phenomenal. Oxtail marmalade and bone marrow butter? On every burger forever and ever, please! I thought the burger itself was on the dry side, but the outside was nice and crispy and the dill and caper sauce was the perfect accompaniment. The onion bun sent the burger over the flavor edge.
While I gave Sidecar only 3 stars I truly feel this place has major potential, and because of this I'm eager to return.Every time I go to Sidecar, I leave happier than the last visit!  The servers and bartenders are quick to offer suggestions about the 12 microbrews that change almost every day.  The menu provides a great spread and excellent choices for all palates.  Personal favorite is the Kinky Burger.  Love that perfectly cooked fried poached egg with Gruyere cheese!  Their specials are always seasonal and fresh, cooked to perfection.  I couldn't have asked to live near a better bar & grille!Delicious gastrofare! This place strikes a phenomenal balance between traditional bar food and simply inspired dishes.  I mean the Sidecar "Clam Chowder" will leave you craving it.  The burgers are cravable and the beer selection to wash them down is not too shabby.  If you come once, you'll come again. 
They also do this thing where they host a different Philly chef once a month who makes a cool variation on wings.  Really fun and really tasty!I agree with Lori H. The food sucks, but I still adore Adam ;)
Go to the sidecar for drinks.