Love the draft list, though I wish they had everything on their list all the time. They have the switch system where if one particular beer runs out, there's a replacement draft for that beer. Even so, there's a great selection.
There's plenty of seating, but it fills up quickly. We stood around for a bit before we got a place to sit. The bartenders are quick and would check on you periodically, despite being very busy. 
Overall, great atmosphere, great beer.Wait time was way too long for French toast, an omelette, and Mac n cheese mixed with short ribs (5" ramekin). 
The food was tasty but you can make it at home. 
The decor is great. 
Bathrooms are clean. 
Music is groovy. 
3 pluses and 2 minuses equals 3 stars.Great draft selection and the Cambridge Hall burger is not to be missed.  The pork belly crostinis are on point as well but I wouldn't say that anything else on the menu is that spectacular.Cambridge was awesome until they cut food portions in half but kept prices the same. Overall food quality has slipped. Too bad. Rip off.I found myself grabbing dinner here on a Sunday evening.  Upon walking in you can't help but note the wood work, and chic metal work that are the hanging lights.  Great feel upon first stepping in the door.
  The restaurant was fairly empty (understandable for 9pm on a Sunday) and we were sat in the back by the bathrooms.  All I have to say, the scented candles in the bathrooms, great touch.  I might have pee'd  by candle light just because I could!  
  I elected to go with the Roast beef sandwich, while the ladies I was with elected to each dabble with their burgers.  My sandwich, although delicious most definately sat in the window for a few minutes.   The bottom of the roll was a soggy mess, and the beef was barely warm.  I elected to not say anything to our server simply because I almost never send food back, and I was starving.  Don't get me wrong, the sandwich was delicious & I cleared my plate, but I was slightly disappointed. 
  Our server could have been more on point, it took over 15 minutes for him to refill our beverages, & we were never asked how the food was and if we needed/wanted anything else.I like this place - warm cozy atmosphere with homey filling food and an extensive and interesting beer list.  However, service and speed need to be improved.  That said, I would try this place again though.
The short rib mac-n-cheese was very good (needed some salt though - there was none in it).  The pierogies were yummy, but portion size was a bit small (3 per order).  The fries in the poutine were a bit soggy though.  Stuffed peppers were mushy and unmemorable.
Entree did not arrive until at least 30minutes after appetizers though (on a slow weeknight) and no updates on progress and the wait staff was not very apologetic.  This is perhaps because I came with a large group and staff was guaranteed a hefty tip the minute we sat down.Sat at the bar... Female bartender was ABSOLUTELY miserable. Ruined the entire night. Such a depressed person. If you work in the service industry (as I do) you need to put at least a straight face on. Will not go back any time soon. Horrible atmosphere.Great food and good, reasonably priced beer selection.  Both dishes we ordered were delicious.  It's a very popular place, so don't expect a quiet dinner for hushed conversation - but the atmosphere is fun and casual, and the service is solid.Updating my review from 2012, I was dissappointed there were slim to none veggie options.  Now they have a wonderful huge veggie salad with:  Roasted Celery Root, Fennel Butternut Squash, Lentil Vinaigrette, Baby Arugula.   Its dammmmn good so now I'm a happy camper :-)   That earns Cambridge 4.5 stars now!  (not 5 because its always packed and loud).  Still love this place!  I'm here often.  Everything else about my prior review is still true!  Oh, and the nachos are really yummy too!I love it here. Cambridge is a great place for really good food and beer. I don't usually eat roast beef but after ordering it on a whim with a hangover, it's been hard for me to order anything else. They always have good specials and the pierogies are Delish. The bar has nice dim lighting with a cozy feel. Staff is super friendly. 
My only complaints are food can sometimes take awhile to come out but totally worth the wait. Also the noise level is ridiculous. The only time I didn't have a problem hearing people at my table was brunch. So don't bring grandma here for dinner!Really loving The Cambridge lately. Last Saturday we stopped in and shared some appetizers for dinner - the poutine and the short rib mac and cheese - and of course we had some beers. The apps were large portions, very delicious, and left us feeling satisfied and happy. 
Today we went for brunch around noon, we sat at the bar. I had the chicken biscuit sandwich which was huge; very flavorful and filling, I enjoyed it very much. Ben had the quesadilla which was exactly what he was craving. Lots of beers on the draft list were crossed out today - probably after a busy Friday and Saturday night- but there were plenty of great beers to choose from. It was consistently crowded, but the bartenders checked in on everyone frequently enough. We will be back again soon, I see the Cambridge becoming part of our usual rotation.Came here on a Thursday night and the place was packed. I was with a group of 4, and there was a bit of a wait (about 20 minutes), but I'm glad we stuck around. They have a great beer selection, and the cocktails are delicious. 
I got the Hawthorne In Your Side cuz I'm a sucker for Laphroaig cocktails. It was really delicious and had nice, warm spices. My friend got the Main Line Affair, which was tasty but a little too sweet for my tastes.
Our group ordered the brussel sprouts, which were insanely good. Even my friend who doesn't normally like brussel sprouts couldn't stop eating them. They were so good that we flagged down the waitress to order a second plate. Food is not bad -- I got the oyster po boy, but the brussel sprouts were still the undeniable star of the night.I have had better experiences at the Cambridge. But I have to say something because today the service was quite poor. I ordered wine, which was served with 3 flies floating on top. The waitress didn't adjust the bill, offer anything different, in fact she barely blinked. I really think a better response was warranted.The Cambridge is one of my go-to gastropubs in Philly. The menu is filled with consistently well-cooked, crowd-pleasing dishes--short rib mac and cheese, brined pork sandwich, fried chicken--and the beer list almost always has at least a few interesting new brews that I haven't tried. I'd skip most off the appetizers, but the desserts are solid. And the courtyard out back is a lovely setting for lunch or dinner in the summer.
Try to make happy hour (half off beers before 6 p.m.!), and grab a seat at the bar. The bartenders are really knowledgeable about their brews and give great recommendations.Great restaurant with excellent assortment of craft beers (including gluten free beer). Brussel sprout appetizer was the best ever! Burgers and chicken sandwiches were excellent, too.Cool spot that I have passed numerous times and wanted to try.  Showed up post- brunch elsewhere.  Lovely atmosphere especially when the weather is nice and the large front windows are open.  We sat at the bar and enjoyed a number of drinks.  Fantastic bloody Mary's and good beer selection.  Some of the food from the brunch menu that came by makes me think that I need to add this to my "to visit" brunch spots.  I will have to follow up on this review when I can taste the brunch or dinner menus.Went to The Cambridge last night and had a great time! If I remember correctly our waiter's name was Carl and he was very helpful! I asked him what beer he recommended and he lead me in the right direction! I got the Christmas beer ( I can't remember the name but it was a wonderful decision!) I ordered the house ground burger and my friend ordered the black bean burger. Both burgers were delicious. The overall atmosphere was warm and welcoming, The only complaint the had were the backless stools but it's not that big of a deal. I will definitely be back!Literally the best meal I have in the city in a hell of a long time. The porker burger blew my mind. the sirloin mix in the burger gave me thy most precise taste of medium rare grill. And the fries, don't get me started. fried to the perfect crisp temperature. Chicken and biscuits were perfect. The chef is from the south so you know it's authentic. The beer selection is unparalleled. Outdoor seating area is gorgeous for those nice days/ nights. REQUEST DANNY for your server. He had great knowledge of both the drink and food menus. Can't recommend this place more. Try it out !!!Good vibe, if slightly loud for dining conversation (but we were seated right next to the bar, so I think the other side would've been quieter).
Food was solid, particularly the bacon tomato bisque with grilled cheese-like croutons and the fish'n'chips. My House Grind burger was good, though not evenly cooked all the way through, and the fries were yummy. None of the food I tasted/ate was overly salted--perhaps the chef saw the earlier reviewer and adjusted?
Ps. Hawthorne in Your Side (Laphroaig 10 yr Scotch, Drambuie, Fernet Branca, Cinnamon Syrup, Angostura, Orange bitter) is awesome.We stopped here for brunch for our last day of a weekend trip to Philly. The food was ok but suuuuuuper overpriced, it was the terrible service that was the real issue. We ordered coffees and cocktails and our waitress never asked if we wanted refills. We never received spoons for stirring said coffees, no one asked how our food was- nothing.A Great tragedy. 
Dropped in this bar for a nightcap after wanting to go here for awhile. Was having a great conversation with my sister and husband about the political situation in our country. Out of the blue the bartender asks us to "politely not talk about politics in this establishment" because it will excite other patrons (there were only 4 other people there who we asked individually if they were offended. No one knew what we were talking about and laughed with us on the ridiculousness of the manager and bartender).  I asked for my money back from my unfinished drink so I could leave immediately. They did not comply.  I give this place a pass unless you want to be limited on your intimate conversations with your friends. A great disappointment.
Note to the manager: It would have been a good gesture to offer to credit at least one drink and apologize for your bartender's overreaction. This was a terrible customer experience for us and you ruined our evening.  As a result you have lost at least 7 customers who will never return to this establishment again.So good I went back for dinner! Brunch was great because they accommodated my dairy sensitivity so well - flavor certainly wasn't compromised. Their full selection of local beers paired perfectly with their spacious back patio. This was the perfect place to welcome summer and warm weather!My boyfriend and I stumbled upon this place on Memorial Day weekend and we were so happy we did.  The interior is such a fun mash up of decorative styles and the hidden patio out back is charming.  We weren't hungry but one look at their menu made my mouth water and him and I already plan to return soon.  To top it all off their beer and cocktail menu are delightful.Came here for brunch with a girlfriend around 1 pm Saturday, it was busy but not slammed. Sat at the bar and had a Bloody Mary, it wasn't my favorite but I did see her make the Rumchata coffee for someone else which looked delicious.
I ordered the chorizo egg sandwich which was really good! The home fries were nice and crispy and I was glad I could add avocado.
Overall I think this is a good brunch spot and will definitely be back to try more.I live around the block and whenever I have friends visiting, this is where I take them. Great service, fresh food, and a cozy vibe. Perfect for brunch or dinner. I highly recommend!My fiancée and I had a pretty poor experience. It was busy, and a Friday night. We got in around 6:15, could not be seated until 6:45 no prob. Had a few drinks not an issue. Server came by at 650-7, we ordered the house burger and the chicken sandwich. It was not insane but pretty busy, but we didn't get our food until 735-740.  My burger was overcooked by a long shot (ordered medium it was crumbly gray), my fiancée got a chicken sandwich which was between a bun made of biscuits which was a poor concept as it was way too much bread. Way too much. It took me about 5-10 min to get my servers attention and I asked for a manager. While waiting for a manager, some woman with reddish hair came by and asked how we were doing. I said I was waiting for a manager. She began to ask why. I said my burger was overcooked, and my fiancées chicken was also slightly overdone as well. I mentioned we had been there for about 40 min and just wanted to get out because it was so long, she challenged me on time stamps on the check, (as if she checked before she walked over). She begins to challenge me as if I didn't know when we got there (Facebook check in time stamp ;) ). Then she tells me I'm wrong about our food temp, without knowing I'm a vet of the restaurant industry I get infuriated. She actually told me "really sir? Your chicken is over cooked?" That is one way to be fired as a manager of any restaurant. I told her I was not satisfied with her response and I told her I would wait for someone else in an angry tone. Don't tell me what I don't know because your server maybe forget to put our check in the POS and you use that time stamp as your guideline when you already looked at it before you talked to us, and then Act like you didn't know what was going on. 
The saving grace.
Dan the manager comes over I ask to speak with him outside. I explain everything, he's very pleasant and supportive like any good restaurant manager should be. We hash out a reasonable conclusion and we're done and I'm happy. I sit back down we get our check sans burger, and we pay (I tipped the server $10 on a $40 without discounts check) and we leave. I thanked dan on the way out and we were good. Total time 3-5 min.
My recommendation. Go to the Cambridge if you want happy hour and a great beer list. Don't try to eat any food here when it's busy. They must have poor kitchen staff who can't cook under that demand. We had great beer and had spent almost $40 on just beer before our bad food experience. Don't let some short red head manager lady boss you around without actually talking to you or asking you how much you spent here already on a different credit card. I think they need to implement a waiting list outside as it creates more of a buzz and less struggling to order a $7 craft beer. Bob and Barbara's is across the street if I want that.
Promote Dan to manager of the universe. I'll sign a petition on whitehouse.gov to make that happen. The only reason I'm coming back is because of him.Nice place  and nice beer selection.  Staff is  distantly friendly and polite and efficient.  The food was not very good though.  The calamari was overcooked  and the nachos had barely any cheese.  I am still tasting the bean concoction they put all over the otherwise crunchy possibly homemade tortilla chips. Pleasant time but should have eaten somewhere else.Came here for brunch after the Philly Marathon and my friends and I was super excited to come, but unfortunately, I just found the whole experience as rather average. I'm not sure if it was because I was with a group of 8, but the service was incredibly slow. Despite that fact, the staff was very polite. I had the truffle mushroom omelet and again, was unimpressed and found it to be rather underseasoned. The side of potatoes was also inconsistent on how it was cooked. Some undercooked, some were over, some were just right. I was confused and a little bummed out. Maybe brunch isn't for me, but in the meantime, there is always dinner and when the weather gets warmer, the back patio would be open and looks like a really great place to enjoy happy hour.This review is just for drinks and the bar area... 
First time at the Cambridge was on Valentine's Day, I met a single (guy) friend for early drinks.  Bar was already crowded at 5 pm, but we snagged stools at a counter in the back corner.  Service was *great*, very attentive waiters.  Drinks were excellent - I had a special fig sidecar (YUM) and my traditional go-to gin martini.  Prices were comparable to other bars in Philly.  One star off for volume - the music was GREAT, but MAN, it was kinda loud in there.  Looking forward to trying their food!The Cambridge is an absolute gem!
While visiting Philadelphia for the holidays, I make it a point to visit all of my favorite places as well as checking out some new spots around the city. I heard about this place from a friend on Facebook, and decide to stop in for a beer and quick bite. We ended up indulging a bit more than planned, while sampling a broad selection of food and libations.
The arancini with bing cherry jam is tremendous and a must try. 
Brussels sprouts were exceptional - crisp and flavorful.
The cauliflower cheesesteak is a great surprise and vegetarian's dream. 
For the sweet tooth - the hazelnut profiteroles were unreal! 
The service here is on point too - From the chef coming out to connect with us, to the servers regularly checking in on us and making great recommendations. While I'm only in town for a another week, I'll definitely be back to The Cambridge again before I leave for LA.
5 Stars!!The Cambridge is a very good, casual restaurant/pub with very nice menu items. The Brussels sprout S may be the best thing on the menu, and surely rather best sprouts cooked around the world. The marinated chicken sandwich is super, tasty and crunchy, with delicious spread. The pecan crusted chicken is terrific and large, and the accompanying mashed parsnips look like creamy mashed potatoes but have a more delish flavour.  Loud music and loud cried, but always a good restaurant choice.I just went for drinks but i felt it was overpriced even for philly.  I had french fries but they were cold when they came out. 
I prob would not go back.Stopped in for a few drinks after a disappointing happy hour at Tio Flores last night. Loved the beer menu! There was a lot of variety. We went with two of the "Pizza Boy" beers - the "Farmhouse" one was deemed the best and I think overall we ended up having 6 or 8 of those. The prices are extremely fair. I saw some other beers on the menu that I'd love to try another time.
We sat at the bar - two seats had just opened up as we walked in so we snagged them. For St. Patrick's Day, it was not overly packed at all unless maybe they all left before we arrived around 7:30-8pm, so I think it would be a nice "quiet" place on South Street to go to a Happy Hour after work.
The only reason I couldn't give it 5 stars yet is because we didn't eat any food, but I fully intend on coming back and giving it a try!We dined last night for drinks and apps. Overall, the food was yummy and the service was great. We ordered a bunch of different apps (arancini was amazing) and a bottle of chad Pinot noir. Our bill was $240 for four people and we were baffled considering we didn't even order entrees. The bottle of wine which retails for $17.99 at wines and spirits was marked up by 400% and sold at the Cambridge for $73 a bottle. This is absolutely outrageous for the the type of restaurant this is. It's not like we are dining at a Steven Starr establishment. For the price of beers and food overall, wine should not be nearly this much. They sell it by the glass for $15 so in hindsight, each of us were better off ordering two glasses then splitting two bottles. Normally, when you order a bottle it's cheaper than buying by the glass. Next time, I will make sure to ask the price since the Cambridge felt it necessary to not list their bottle prices. This isn't New York City. And a 400% mark up is just robbing people blind. Beware of chad and restaurants that don't care how much they over charge their customers.This place is super cute. Went here for brunch on Sunday and the staff was really attentive and nice. Have a great selection of beers and breakfast items and lunch items. I really like the decor here as well. 
My friend bought a burger and I bought the breakfast pork roll sandwich. Burger was cooked medium and still juicy while my sandwich was amazing!!! 
I always wanted to try this place out and I'm happy i did =) they have outdoor seating in the back and a nice bar area as well. The indoor table seating area is nice too. Definitely will be back! 
Also the area its located is great. Central to the city and right off of South. Has a lot of other food/bar places surrounding it as well.Came here with a couple of friends and we really enjoyed the weather sitting outside on the patio. The staff is very friendly and the food is decent compared to other places around the area. I ordered the nachos and it was delicious. The portions are big and the atmosphere is relaxing. I highly recommend for anyone wanting to go somewhere more casual but still has a nice scene.It's hard to be impressed until a bar carries your favorite beer! Cambridge had my Gueuze Cuvée René! Amen. In general the beer selection is wonderful, despite my spirited soulmate. The environment is classy, warm and comfortable. It doesn't get much better than this, except with noise level. The noise was mind shattering, contradicting the warm and comfortable atmosphere, this is probably because of the tight space. As far as I can see the brunch grub is up there with Honeys and other great brunch places, still have to try! Be back soon!!I have been coming to The Cambridge only for drinks before or post dinner. They have a great beer selection and always show you a list of beers that are "coming soon" for the next month or season. The cocktail menu is great too and friends who have ordered from it have never complained!
I finally had dinner here for the first time and I highly recommend the nachos for an appetizer! They are not too big and have a nice citrus flavor. Which is different than most nacho platters in Philadelphia am I right? I got the pork belly special sandwich filled with brie goodness and a side salad. Even the side salad was on point so I will definitely check out their warm vegetable salad next time! A little pricey for two but not bad for coming one in awhile for dinner!The Cambridge evades me. I have been here 4 different times trying to get dinner but only ate once after waiting an hour and a half for a small table. That first time we apparently had nothing better to do so we just sat around and waited. The three other times the host said the wait would be 30 minutes, so we hang at the bar for 30 minutes...when I check back and he says it will be yet another 30 minutes. This happened on three separate occasions! I don't mind waiting but don't make up random numbers people. 
That said the one time I was actually able to eat dinner here the food was good. For the appetizer we had the Short Rib Mac and Cheese which was delish and then the House Grind burger and Grilled Steak as the main course. The food was so good we kept trying to go back, but after the fourth try we have given up on the dream.I really love this bar. Wonderful beer (the most important thing to me when going to a bar). Good food. Great ambiance. Beautiful interior. In nice weather the outdoor patio is awesome. I've always had good service. 
(The only downside - no chairs with backs, only stools, even though there is a clear dining area. But I just can't take points off for this since I enjoy The Cambridge so much.)I live in the neighborhood and have been to The Cambridge many, many times. It is truly a great eat addition to South St.  The food is good and the beer list is eclectic. I really like the porker burger and the nachos are good as well. My wife and friends rave about the brunch menu items and the Bloody Mary's   My only complaint is that many of the bartenders and servers I got to know well are now gone which is unfortunate as they were all great. Not a knock on the new crew though as they all seem nice and professional. Proximity to the pop-up garden is also a plus.Been going here pretty often. It's just a really well thought out place. Has a nice little courtyard in back, inside has a pretty lumber like decor. But the beer list makes the place, the food is a bit lackluster. And besides one bad experience the service has been good. Really like this spot.For some reason, I apparently only ever make it to the Cambridge when there's a beer event going on. First, Bloktoberfest in the neighborhood. More recently -- Cigar City/Due South, Ballast Point and "Dark, Dark Night" during Philly Beer Week. Yep, three visits in a week!
Least enjoyable experience: Hovering by the bar while the place was packed and attempting to get a beer while not bumping into anyone. Surprise, surprise.
Best experience: Their back patio. Sat there most recently. It closes at midnight so visit before then. Comfortable and mellow on summer nights. Great service too!
As for food, I've only had the mac and cheese personally. It was pretty good. Not my favorite. I've heard better things about other dishes, though.
Nice spot overall. I'd probably visit more often if it was closer to my apartment.So, I've been to the Cambridge a few times. The first time, I was not blown away.  I went twice in the last month and both were great experiences.  I went with a friend for dinner and we shared a bunch of starters.  We enjoyed the food so much, we placed an additional order just to try other items on the menu.  The flatbread was my favorite, and we went all out with a fried egg and prosciutto toppings.  We also enjoyed the Brussels sprouts and pork belly.  No complaints on food and they make a great dark and stormy.
I went a couple weeks afterward and had a great experience with their host and servers. I had a pretty large group and they were very gracious about finding a spot for us and making sure we were comfortable while waiting.  All in all a great experience.Was very disappointed with this place. A few of my coworkers and I went here for dinner on a Wednesday night. My first interaction was the unfriendly hostess who could not believe that we did not make a reservation. However, the whole back room had open seating. She stated that we couldn't be seated for at least an hour. We proceeded to get drinks at the bar. There were only two stools open, so most of the party had to stand in a corner. We eventually ordered and crowded around some disappointing food. We never got seated for the two hours we were there even with open tables. Th only reason why I gave two stars is because I thought they had a good beer selection. Do not go here if you are looking for good service or tasty food.The only reason this place doesn't get a four-star rating is it's lack of veggie options.
I went here twice. Once, I had every intention to only drink. It was late and I knew they had a great beer list, so I took a friend who is a total beer snob. We loved it! The list was soo extensive and it had multiple options that both of us enjoyed. He's an IPA kinda guy, I'm a stout kinda girl. Not to mention the decor is awesome!
The second time I went was during brunch. I actually wasn't hungry at all, but I went with someone who was looking for a hearty brunch. I ended up drinking a few very good bloody marys, he had some food and beers. I'm really glad I wasn't hungry because they literally didn't have a single vegan brunch item on the menu. I give them props for the couple vegetarian options they had, they looked like they would have been good.
At least I know that this place is not a place I can eat, but I'm more than happy to grab a few rounds.Awesome service and great drinks. I'll have to stop by for food, but anywhere with Saturday brunch is ok with me.I had the heirloom cauliflower cheesesteak and let me just say it was incredible!  The others enjoyed their food too. Nice place, friendly staff. We'll be back!This place was good.  We kind of stumbled in here one night. It felt very "Paul revere" if you know what I mean.  It was like an old school revolutionary time feel. Now don't get me wrong we enjoyed the food and the wine. We bought got the house cheeseburger and it was definitely tasty and I'm not sure what type of bread they used for their buns but it is definitely tasty.  I didn't LOVE the place for 2 reasons.  The seating felt like we were stacked on top of each other which I didn't like very much. It was also very dark inside. I could barely read the menu (but I get the feeling they were going for). The other thing too is that is was EXTREMELY overpriced.  For 2 cheeseburgers, a glass of Pinot noir, and a beer. Over $100. I couldn't believe it.  I think if you are going to price it like that you should make the experience a little bit more comfortable.I love pretty much everything on tap here and they also have an excellent take-away selection.  I recently had the short rib mac and cheese and it was underwhelming.  It's basically kraft mac and cheese and the short rib was very greasy.  The fries are consistently delicious and I've also tried their perogies, which are decent as well (I'm partial to kraftwork's).  When I was there last week, the outside patio still was "closed for the season"... but isn't this the season?  Are they waiting until June when your clothes stick to your body from Philadelphia humidity?  Regardless, lovely bar with excellent draught selection and friendly staff.This place is great! I recently stopped by for dinner with a friend on a Saturday night. The host told us that there might be a 30-minute wait, but we got seats at the bar in less than 10 minutes. The draft list, food, music, and ambience were all amazing. My friend and I both got the pork burger, which was perfection. It also came with the crispiest fries! My one and only complaint about The Cambridge would be that the music was a tad too loud for a sit-down bar. Other than that, it was a great experience and I will definitely be back.Very good experience overall. We went with some friends for Saturday night drinks and appetizers and were not disappointed. Our bartender was very attentive, the drink menu was extensive, and their perogis were excellent. As a man who loves trying a different beer every night, I thoroughly enjoy their rotating beer menu. I'll be back for sure.I always forget about this place when trying to decide where to go. Had brunch here a few weeks ago and have been a few times for just drinks. Solid spot in this area. Really cute outside garden in the back. I like the dark feeling on the inside of the bar, great casual date spot. Food was really good- i think i had a brunch burger with fries. Good, standard burger. Once time i was there for drinks i had the cheese plate. Again, solid appetizer. They have a really good beer list and the bartender that night was really nice and helpful. Highly recommend it.Stale fries tasted days old. First time trashing food while still hungry. To be fair, we ordered through Caviar so perhaps their delivery food is not of the same quality. In any case, it was not edible. And I'm considered one of those who eats pretty much anything.What a great place just off Broad Street!  A surprisingly simple menu with some really yummy items. Try the fish and chips or the delicious turkey burger or a long list of "sammies" which include banh mi sandwiches and fried chicken and biscuits.  How can you go wrong with a list like this?  Yumb!  We sat at the bar and got great service and vey generous pots from our two bartenders.
This place is huge by the way so you can bring a bucket load of friends here any night or day.  They have a GOT night on Sunday and Monday to boot!
This is a no brainer for a night out!Hey, I've never done this before but I was so put off by my experience here, last night, that I just had to. I walked in at 7 to meet a friend and b-lined it to the bar. Seeing that there weren't 2 open stools, I momentarily rested my bag on the the long empty high top across from the bar. A hostess quickly approached to inform me that if I wanted to sit here, I would be assigned a server. While insisting that I understood and only needed a moment to consult with the person I was meeting before making any serious seating decisions, my friend walked in and we asked if we could instead sit at a table even though we were just ordering drinks. They said they'd have to check the reservations, but came back assuring us it was fine and we were seated in the dining room. From that point on, we felt unwelcome and rushed. It was obvious the dining room was filling up with people eating, and maybe the perception was that we were taking up space for patrons that would be spending more money, but that's why we asked if it was ok to JUST DRINK at a table ahead of time. So after an hour of constant awkward check-ins from our server to see if we wanted our drinks refreshed, we were handed a bill that we DID NOT ASK FOR, and told to "Have a nice night" after only our second round. That was just a total slap in the face. It was like, "Your time has expired at The Cambridge. Please relinquish your table for more serious customers. Perhaps you'd be more comfortable at the dive bar across the street? I hear it's karaoke night..." Look, we get it. It's a Friday night, and there's money to be made. Just don't tell us it's ok to do something and then punish us for doing it. Totally ruined the evening. 
PS-I love that dive bar across the street. Just wanted to try something different.Sadly, my review is different than many here. We have been to Hawthorne many times and enjoyed the hospitality and food immensely. So excited when our beloved, for very different reasons, Tritone was going to become an outpost in my neighborhood. The first few times were ok. Solid drinks and tap-system. Food, with a few glitches, was aok. Cue to last week. Stopped in and ordered a burger (medium-rare...as rare as the Kitchen will let out of the Kitchen) and a Cider. The Cider was ok. The burger? I swear they threw it in a deep-fryer. Ate one bite. Not taken off check. Once bitten-twice shy has never been my mantra. That has changed. Stopped in after a 12 hour day, ordered a burger (with a heads-up to the Bartender) to go. M/R, Cheddar...that's it). Got home. Got a well-done. Brie (?)...poached pears. Un-real. Sent a message the next day in the hope that my concerns would be addressed. Not a word. Last night a Friend BEGGED me to go...grrrr...for a drink. The Cider served to her was, at best, skunked. When this was mentioned to the Bartender, after A sip, we were told "Maybe it's you"...never offered to replace/refund...asked for check...Barkeep starts to loudly berate my Friend for leaving no tip...after having an explanation spelled-out for him.. Worst Service I have ever had the displeasure of paying for. I am well aware, as a 17 year Resident of this Neighborhood, how much we need a good Bar/restaurant. This is not it.Been waiting to pop my Cambridge cherry for a while now and finally I was able to check it out last night.  Immediately loved the vibe.  The bar looks awesome...just perfectly carved and stained wood that gives the whole restaurant a great base to work from.  I also liked that the bar area was sort of separated from the sit down area.
I was able to grab a table for two right away and while it didn't bother me in the slightest, be prepared to sit on top of the person next to you.  Luckily she smelled like peaches.  Also the acoustics are a little rough (i.e. loud as shiznit in here)...we were involuntarily playing the repeater all night.
Waiter was awesome and so was the food.  I just had snickety snacky bar food but I would recommend both the pierogies and brussel sprouts to anyone.  Actually I would probably sleep with the brussel sprouts on the first date (I'm easy).
Anyways...this place was buttertown and I look forward to heading back for a solid vibe.The Cambridge continues to be a go-to for pub grub done well. The service is consistently pleasant with a nice (if sometimes noisy) atmosphere. It also serves a mean brunch with an omelette that zings with diced, spicy, pickled jalapenos and well-seasoned potatoes.Rampant cheating at their pub quiz on Monday nights. Takes all the fun out of it.The beer list changes often, but there is rarely an IPA (black IPA maybe). The food is hit or miss. Eight of us at the table and four dishes were enjoyed and the other four were disappointing. Also, those chairs! simply not comfortable. I prefer the older sibling, Hawthorne's.I went in for brunch and had the pork roll sandwich with an avocado on it, and it was delicious. It also came with home fries that were great. The service was also prompt and not overwhelming. I also got a coffee and a wheat beer to accompany the meal. Would go back.I had a pretty good time here. I got the wings, my husband got the chicken sandwich, and we absolutely loved one of their ciders (I think it was called something like apple pie). The food was good and the atmosphere was cool. I would go back.This is a neighborhood gem. Its got a terrifically long and interesting beer list, specializing in sour ales. There are always a couple of sour ales among those on tap, and a large collection of bottles. 
While you are drinking these delicious ales, you can sit outside in their large cheery backyard patio. The appetizers are good, especially the pierogies. 
The entrees? They are good, but not amazing. I am reviewing this place as a pub. If you are just looking for a nice dinner, you can do better elsewhere. If you want somewhere to enjoy some unusual beers with friends while eating bar appetizers, you can't do better than the Cambridge.I've been here a few times now with friends. The food is pretty bland. The staff is not particularly friendly. Overall would not recommend.In love with their pierogies!  Rotating fillings in the pierogies make you want to stop in once a week just to see what is in em this week.  Best filling so far was buffalo chicken.  Overall, great beer selection, constantly rotating.  Solid service too.I stopped in here with some friends during Philly Beer Week since they were one of the few places with a table left.  They have a neat gastropub atmosphere with an English feel.  There is outdoor seating in the back that I would like to try sometime.  
They were out of one of the beers our entire table wanted to order, but we did find some nice substitutes.  I ordered their pierogi, which apparently rotates periodically.  It was a bit overpriced even though it was handmade - I believe $9 for 3 pierogi, but it was delicious nonetheless.  I also had to try the fish and chips, and they were nice and flaky with a pretty good crust.  Overall, I enjoyed the food and atmosphere.Their specialty cocktails are wonderful! This place is rustic, charming and a great place to grab a drink! They have an awesome outdoor space that is fenced in a small garden with cute seating and a wonderful atmosphere! Love this place!Cambridge has become my favorite spot in the neighborhood! The decor is very warm, inviting & charming (love the distressed wood behind the bar and cute little patio). Great craft beer selection, especially the seasonals (pumpkin!), all reasonably priced. So far I've tried the House Grind burger, short rib Mac & cheese & pierogies. Love me some comfort food! Everything was great. 
It can get a little crowded; my guess would be because it's relatively new and there aren't a lot of similar options close by, but I've never had a problem getting a table or snagging a seat at the bar. Happy to have Cambridge in the neighborhood!Came here on a Monday when we didn't feel like cooking. Got the marinated chicken sandwich due to Boursin cheese being on it. The chicken was dry. Bacon ok. Boursin cheese is always good. The sourdough bread was toasted and smothered in something like butter...that was good. But it's hard to like a chicken sandwich when the chicken isn't good so that was disappointing. Fiancé had short rib Mac n cheese. The short rib was good, the Mac n cheese was bland af. 
All the parts didn't add up to a satisfying whole. Unfortunate because we live so close. Come here for a beer (not wine- both whites I ordered tasted off) but beer only.The flatbreads, well let's just say I've had better. But the happy hour is one of my favorite happy hours is in the city. It still stinks like the tritone though.When booking my trip to Philly, I was super interested in finding a nice brunch place that had something different than all the other basic brunch places in the area. This place had both the ambiance and the great food selection that I craved. While I am used to a variety of bottomless brunches, coming from D.C, this place really didn't need all the extra frills of having bottomless food or drinks. The waiter was super helpful in letting us know some of the crown favorites and we decided to get a combo of all three. The breakfast bombs, the tostada, and the scramble were some of the best things all 3 of us tried! I am usually not a big grits fan but the grits here were out of this world!! The breakfast bombs were a perfect combo of savory and rich but not over doing it. My tostada had so many layers, I wasn't quite sure where the bottom was! Even the drinks here were good, with the bloody mary being the perfect spicyness level and my friends enjoyed their whiskey basked breakfast drinks. Overall, I LOVED this space as it was both trendy and tasty!Perfect place for spring time dining and happy hour. Good happy hour beer specials. Food is not typical bar food, more gastro pub type which I'm a fan of. Outdoor patio makes this place a keeper.My BFFL and I decided to mix up our happy hour routine and try something new for a Tuesday night. This place has been sounding promising, and at 5:30 the bar wasn't crowded at all.
The beer selection is great, although I was wishing they had at least one IPA that wasn't a double or imperial or otherwise extremely high ABV. The Strongbow cider on draft did me just fine, though. Happy hour from 4-6 gives you $2 off 12 oz draft pours. Not a bad deal.
We didn't try any of the food, but I did see a pierogi plate come out and it looked pretty small for the price. The bartenders were attentive and friendly. We will be back!This is a phenomenal place for brunch! Their cocktails are delicious. There is a cozy atmosphere. The lobster mash is awesome! The porker burger is good and the hand cut fries are delicious. The service was so attentive and helpful. 
You can't go wrong here! I can't wait to come back!I only come here for the Mac and cheese. I'm probably the only person who comes here for the Mac and cheese so probably there's no reason to pay attention to this review. But press the "funny" button anyway pleaseStopped back into the Cambridge for a drink with my fiance and was MASSIVELY disappointed.  Ordered a few drinks at one of the side tables and decided we would have an appetizer as well.  When we ordered the nachos with the upgrade of guacamole +$2 the waitress said to us, "Do you want the guacamole on top or on the side?  You get a little bit more on the side?"  We looked at each other and said "Well, if you get a little bit more if you put it on the side we'll take that."  Nachos came out and were pretty tasty, so at this point the night has gone well.
The waitress drops off the bill and I see that we were charged $5.50 for the guacamole (total bill for 4 drinks and nachos was $50).  Now, this isn't a big deal, but she never mentioned the upcharge, so I walked over and said hey, you never mentioned an upcharge for the extra guac.  She responded, "Well, I said you would get a little more so you should have know you would be charged more."  I shook my head, told her that's not how it works but whatever, she offered to get the manager and I said sure.  The manager comes over and has the nerve to say to me, "Look sir, sorry about that but when she said that you would get a little bit more, you should have assumed you would have to pay a little bit more".  Really?  For $3.50 you want to ruin my experience at a bar?  You are a bar manager and that's the play?  I laugh at this point and say look, whatever, that's not how it works but go ahead.  The weasel comes back to the table and says "Hey, I went a head and took a few bucks off the guacamole price."  hands me the bill.  $3.50 instead of the original $2.  Went from having a nice night out to advising all of my friends to go somewhere else, hope the $1.50 was worth it.
Such a shame, the bar looks nice and the outdoor area is cool but I've been nickel and dimed by them one too many times (include tax in your beer prices please).We wanted the love this place, as we waited for it to open.  Food is good, but drinks were weak and over-priced.  Wish I could give it better, as it is a nice addition to the neighborhoodWhat a charming place with great service and amazing food.  I went here for the first time and I plan on coming more often.  It is a local place so it's not overly crowded, which I really like.  It's like a hidden gem.  The bartender, Allie, was so friendly.  We ordered the beet salad which by far, the best one I've ever had.  The flatbread was also soooo good!  The nachos had a wonderful flavor but was unfortunately served cold.  That sure didn't stop us from eating them!  I will be back again and again!I was concerned about The Cambridge at first because I didn't see many veggie-friendly options on the menu.  However, I'm so glad I stayed and chose one.  
I had the mushroom omelet.  The eggs were perfectly cooked, and there was a delicious mix of tartness from the cheese, mild but savory mushrooms, and chive-y chives (how do you describe a chive?).  The home fries were also cooked perfectly on the inside and on the outside, AND they were well-seasoned.  This is a rare thing to find and so they get my potato stamp of approval.  :)
My dining companion had the french toast with a side of pork roll.  He seemed pleased, but I didn't grill him on his meal.  We both also had coffee.  It was rich in flavor but not over-the-top.  
I don't know how to end this review, but it's 10:20pm and I wish I could eat another one of those omelets with home fries.  I think that says something...The Cambridge is a great place to go if you're going with a group of friends and you want to get a few beers. If you're looking for something to eat, their menu is great as well. It's a reasonable cost that you would expect in the city, but I recommend it to people because it's a great place to get a drinkSalty and overpriced. Waitress knock my arm at one point and spilled my drink but acted  as if nothing happened. Seats are too cramped together. If you sit against the window you have what could be a nice spot but the seats are super uncomfortable and again your stuck super close to other tables. Wait staff isn't very welcoming or friendly. Food is overly salted and over priced. Ive been there for dinner and brunch and the portions are small. The chorizo breakfast sandwich comes with like one egg the thinnest pork roll and bad chorizo mix on a oversized croissant which shows the small portion of actual food. Don't waste you time or $$$$$Nice beer menu with some decent happy hour options. For what it's worth, the nachos were some of the best constructed nachos that I've had. Nice setting-pub feel with plenty of seating. Open windows on a warm day. Service wasn't fast but was otherwise okay.So glad we finally tried this place again.  After the first time was crazy crowded and hard to hear, we came back on a week night for dinner and were quick to be seated.  Had a delicious meal & enjoyed the Greek Salad and wings.  The menu has a cozy little back patio with additional seating so be sure to check it out this fall!Food is great. I love the nachos, wings, beers, pork burger and most of the staff.. Collin (spelling) is always hospitable and friendly.  This is a great bar.Good beer selection, good food (the mac and cheese is AMAZING) and a lovely atmosphere. Service is slow, but friendly, and the lighting is super flattering!I would not recommend this restaurant. We waited over an hour for our meals. I asked for no cashews in my salad and there was loads at the bottom of my salad. Luckily, I'm not allergic.A firm 4 stars from me. The decor was awesome. Think Rehabbed-barn like-chic. I didn't think the backless stools looked comfortable, but I didn't sit in one so I have nothing to say on that. 
They hit home with offering SouthernTier on tap. Creme Brûlée is a gem. Drink it. If not, more for me!
3 of us ate. We got the Korean Style Bbq'd pork sandwich which was outstanding. It wasn't a fatty, doused piece of meat but rather a tasteful perfectly cooked piece of pork. 
Fish and Chips, standard, good, no complaints.
Shrimp Po Boy, which uniquely had guacamole on it. No complaints there either.
Excellent addition to the neighborhood. Most similar to Side Car, but has it's own appeal.
We WILL be back!Came here for happy hour recently and really enjoyed my time. The bar isn't huge but there are plenty of spots around it, either along the wall or at high top tables, for sitting with friends. It was busy and somewhat hectic when we showed up, but the servers were all very courteous, timely, and helpful nonetheless. The happy hour specials aren't the most extensive - it was half price on a limited number of beers being served as 16 oz pours, and half price wings - but the beer list is exceptional. Great options from Lost Abbey, BFM, Cape May, and other excellent craft breweries were available when I went. Really good choices at normal Center City prices. I only had a bowl of lentil soup so can't comment too much on the food, but everything on the menu looked appealing. I'm eager to get back here for a longer stay.We stopped in and it was pretty busy. Hostess asked if we'd like to sit outside and she said she'd check and see if a table was available. She pretty much bussed a table herself to accommodate us which is great service. I had the Porker Burger which was probably one of the best sandwiches I've ever had, a play on a pork and broccoli rabe sandwhich with a kick of hot peppers.  SO GOOD! My husband had the cauliflower philly steak which was kind of odd but a creative vegetarian option. Not sure if he'd get it again. Good service, our water glasses were never empty.Since my first time coming here last year, I have been back very often.  The bartenders and service continue to be so friendly and wonderful.  I have ordered different dishes each time I'm here and have never been disappointed.  Their calamari is so damn good, I want to roll around in it.  Makes it hard to share.  The nachos are also hella good!!  I love that they have the outdoor patio out back.  I wish them continued success and hope they stay in business for a very long time.This place has a nice atmosphere and friendly staff, but be prepared to pay a lot of money. The drinks are pricey and if you want something extra, like sauces, be wary of new charges.This place is absolutely awful - the bartenders attitude toward my friends and I bordered on contempt before we even placed a drink order.  Hopefully, this place will shut down sooner than later, and learn a lesson in customer service.  If your looking for a horrible time, and to be treated like dog #### this would be the place for you.  Unless, somehow by the grace of God you fall under the clients that they deem worthy.   The girl bartender was nice however, the male bartender a huge douche - And the manager, Johnny Flannels or whatever, also huge douche.  It's a place for douches by douches.  I am just not douche enough for here.I have yet to eat a full meal here at the Cambridge, but I have been numerous times for drinks. They have a fantastic beer selection and the vibe in the place is really casual and fun. I love the outdoor garden in the back. This time around thats where we wanted to sit, and although the hostess was lazy and didnt want to take the time to move some chairs around so we could sit outside, my fiance persisted and eventually we got her to move one of the chairs not being used to an empty table so we could sit outside.
It was a perfect sunshiney day, so my fiance and I had a bit of a Sunday Funday. We ordered up a few rounds of beers, all of which were pretty awesome. The draft list is always diverse.
We got a little hungry while we were drinking, so we ordered a small snack to have with our third round of beers. The pork belly crostini was calling my name from the moment I looked at the menu, so we decided to share it. It was the perfect thing to snack on while drinking. The pork belly was crisped up awesomely on its exterior, but still melt in my mouth meaty, fatty goodness on the inside. The fig vincotto was also a nice pairing with the pork belly because of the sweet/salty contrast. I like the texture of the english pea and ricotta puree, but I didnt really think the peas were needed. It probably would have tasted the same or better if it was just the ricotta. The bread was crunchified as well for another level of texture.
The menu options that they offer are spectacular, so I will definitely return for dinner, brunch, lunch or all of the above. Its definitely worth a visit for the beer alone!Great service- slow kitchen. Servers were polite and very welcoming- which was needed to make up for the huge wait time to get our food. When it finally came is was ok- but not worth the wait.We liked The Cambridge, but didn't like that they refuse to give you food menu when they seat you. Instead they only give the cocktail menu - however we were not drinking this night. So we waited several minutes for server to come and bring food menu - but after no one came, I went up to hostess and asked for food menu, but she wouldn't give it to me. She said our server had to bring it to our table, even though she had a stack of them at her side. Absolutely ridiculous. 
Anyway, the food was pretty darn good and we will go back - but they should give you the food menu when your seated. The service was decent, although slightly scattered. Liked the design, decor and ambience of the place.Came back during snow storm because there were so few other options. We grabbed a seat at the bar were told food would be available shortly. Bartender was amazing for how busy place was. He made some great suggestions for beers and food we could all share. We were there for hours and they were really accommodating, bartender even made my girlfriend a special drink. Cambridge you have redeemed yourself.This has been my go to spot for years, but recently they completely ruined it for me through poor customer service. I was out for my 30th birthday with a group of friends and found a space for the 8 of us on the outdoor patio. Immediately the hostess informed us that we couldn't stay and failed to give us a legitimate reason why. We offered her several options for how to logistically seat us but each one was met with contempt. 
Simply, the hostess was extremely rude and will result in me and my friends never returning.  Not even the porker burger can bring me back.Went the second night they were open, aside from it being a little dark in there for me I love this place. I live right across the street so  the convenience is always a plus too. 
I got the cambridge hall burger, medium rare. It has red wine soaked pears, red onion, and brie cheese (UH SELLER) and comes with literally an entire tray of their fries. The serving size of the fries was a bit much but still really good. This burger may have been one of the best burgers I've had in my lifetime and I don't even really care for burgers in general. I usually don't ever finish it, i wolfed this thing down. We got to sit right next to the window in the bar and i liked the high seats and they also have a patio that I hope we can sit out on next time. 
I also really appreciate when a bar has not only what they have on tap currently but what is coming up. The first time I saw this was at Tapestry in Queens Village and I'm glad The Cambridge does the same thing. Great way to get people to keep coming back and we will definitely be back!My wife & I met our daughter near her Graduate Hospital area for a little family celebration on a warm early November day.  We walked along the western side of South Street until we came to the Cambridge.  We picked it primarily for the way it looked from the street - pubby & inviting.  Unfortunately, The Cambridge was hosting a chili cook-off event, plus there was a special fall beer menu offered by a micro brewer (I forget the name already), so the back patio and the bar area were totally packed.  We sat out front in their dining area.  The kitchen was just switching over to their dinner menu, but the staff did give us the choice of ordering from either menu.  We ended up ordering from the sandwich/burger portion of the dinner menu.  
After ordering our fall fest beer, we tried an appetizer for us to share:  the Crispy Calamari.  This appetizer deserves it's own paragraph...  seriously, probably the best spin on fried calamari I've ever had!  Lightly breaded, and adding some black & white toasted sesame seed, it was resting on this lemongrass, ginger and purple cabbage slaw, with a slightly spicy/slightly sweet Thai sauce drizzled over the entire thing.  Unbelievably good!  
Sandwiches arrived in a timely fashion, so it stopped me from ordering more calamari!  My daughter had the House Grind Burger with apple wood bacon.  She enjoyed it.  I had the Porker Burger topped with long hot peppers, broccoli rabe and sharp provolone, and it was excellent (and filling).  My wife ordered the Marinated Chicken Sandwich and claimed it was so good that I needed to have a bite... Sure, no problem.  It really was a great spin on a chicken sandwich.  Also, did I mention the FRESH cut fries?  Plenty of 'em, and delicious.  My wife stole a bunch because her chicken came with house greens.
THE ONLY THING that kept it from 5 stars was the noise level.  It was SO loud I had to lean right into my daughter's face just to get a hint as to what she was talking about!  Yes, I understand there was a special event going on, the bar was really packed... and I'm getting a little old and hard of hearing from sitting next to the trumpet section for 40+ years - but this place was jet-engine loud.
If you're in Graduate Hospital area of CC Phlly, you should definitely try this place.  Easy to get to (a block west of Broad St - oh, I mean the Avenue Of The Arts).  I'll go back, but will call first to see if there is a special event going on - because I would love to try it on a night I can hear my dinner guest.I wish I could review the food from our visit yesterday but we never received our meals.
I've held off on writing a critical review of this establishment as my last two/three visits were mediocre at best but after yesterday, my experience should be known.
We sat for a hour waiting for two dishes that should've been no more than twenty minutes. Our server visited our table once during this time and when we asked about status of our meal, the response was a very sarcastic, "I'm sorry, is it taking too long?" Two tables that came in after us got their food, ate, paid, and left. We were just a two top and other tables were three-four people.
I'm not sure if the poor service was because we had a 4-month old child with us but someone really should take notice of this. My prior experiences also deal with similar situations too.I am just smitten with The Cambridge.  It's the kind of place you can meet friends for brunch, hang out late at night for drinks, or even take your parents to dinner (mine love The Cambridge).  Each time I've come here I've received consistently good service and ridiculously delicious food. The vibe is laid back however the food rivals some of the best restaurants in the city. 
My favorite grub here is without a doubt the SENSEI KRIS (Asian Pulled Pork, Napa Slaw, Pickled Jalapeño, Mongolian BBQ Sauce, House Greens)- it is just the perfect flavor combinations all on a delicious bun.  I first had it at Ocktoberfest and it definitely made me want more. Their burger and roast beef are delicious as well.
Price-wise it's on the higher side ($13 for most sandwiches) but it's well worth it. I always leave satisfied and don't feel like I ate way too much- their portions are perfect.
Definitely check out The Cambridge. It's become one of my new favorite neighborhood spots.Worst customer experience ever. Don't go here if you are hoping to have a good night. 
I've been a neighborhood patron for many years but I went here with my twin sister for our 30th birthday and the blonde hostess ruined our night. We had a crew of 8 people, all adults, and the hostess treated us like we were a group of under 21 year olds looking to cause trouble. She said no groups of 5 or more even though we were quiet and being so respectful of the neighborhood. I mean... we live here... why would we be rude? So we went down the street to PHS beer garden where other groups were being loud and rowdy and we gave them our business instead. Cambridge, I'll never be back. There are enough cool neighborhood bars and I don't need to give you my business.after walking by The Cambridge almost everyday, we finally decided to stop by and try it on a snowy Saturday evening...
I loved the atmosphere of the restaurant, somewhat dark, but warm (which was needed for a 20 something degree evening with snow). The server was extremely knowledgeable of the menu- I am not a big fan of gin based cocktails, which seems to be the majority of what they have, and was asking him recommendations. He was able to describe each drink pretty accurately to help me make up my mind and i loved both selections I made, and would never have guessed they were gin based! 
We started with the Short-Rib Mac & Cheese and the Charred Octopus. We loved the Mac & Cheese and found it to be rich and creamy. By far, it was our favorite part of the meal. The octopus was alright, somewhat chewier than I normally like it to be. I also found the salad to overwhelm the flavor of the octopus.
We both ordered The House Grind burger...and while it was good, I was not blown away by it. I found it comparable to a lot of other local places, which isn't necessarily a bad thing! They had an ample amount of fries on the plate, which i loved!
Overall, a much welcomed addition to the Graduate Hospital area and I'm excited to come back and try some more of the menu (and drinks...)I went to The Cambridge for the first time this week. Their Restaurant Week selections were great and the ingredients fresh. We had great service and look forward to returning after Restaurant Week.South Street. Music mecca for counterculture bohemians of the 60s and 70s, where artists like George Thorogood and Robert Hazard attracted their first recording contracts cutting rifts on tiny stages to adoring fans on psychedelics. It was the place to see and be seen(in small doses, so to speak). Today, the block has become primarily populated by suburban under-ages hopping trains into the city to unleash their suppressed punky gothic nature, and the gawking yuppies whispering behind manicured hands to giggling companions. The cool factor is gone. Sure, the TLA still brings the mainstream music crowd, but with storefronts between 5th and Front Streets toting titles like "Tattooed Mom", "Condom Kingdom", and "Copa Banana," it's pretty safe to say that it markets the grime, and people go there for such. It's cheap. And it works.
While I support the come one come all(unless you listen to country music) vibe the street projects, this has largely been the stereotype until recently--because let's face it--not much else has been going on west of the excitement. But South Street is being reinvented, and along with the renovations, it's bringing back "the cool".
What was once a primarily Graduate Hospital residential space west of Broad Street is now home to fitness centers, bustling cafes, wine bars, and upscale gastropubs. 
Enter: The Cambridge.
The space formerly known as the Tritone, the typical dark and dingy venue for local music artists. Its demise? Evolving neighborhood demographics, and a lack of the $2 Pabst Blue Ribbon pounder cult following of Bob and Barbara's across the street. While I attended a few open mics at the Tritone, and enjoyed sharing beers and talking music after each set, I can't say that my heart is broken to see it go. Because in its stead is the neighborhood bar you never knew you needed until it's there one day. After the first visit, I not only found myself patronizing the place on a weekly basis, but carting everyone I knew along with me. When a good thing comes along, you'll do almost anything to make sure it stays.
The 5-star rating is for purely bar service. I've honestly never sat in the the dining area, because, why? If I want Vetri cuisine I'll make the trek to Amis. But when I want a good brew after work, and possibly some eats, Cambridge is my go-to. All of the bartenders are solid. A good bartender pours the beer you ask for. A great bartender suggests one that you haven't tried that's similar to the one you requested, gives you a taste, and expands your palate. And when I'm not feeling any of the brews on tap (which is a rarity), I'll go for the 'Hawthorne in your Side' cocktail in all of its smoky scotch goodness. The libation mixes Laphroaig 10 yr Scotch, Drambuie, Fernet Branca, cinnamon, and Angostura orange bitters perfectly. Read: one of the most effective night caps you'll ever have. Booooze.
The last time I was in, they were in the process of reworking a new cocktail for the spring menu. As multiple renditions were made, shot glasses slid down the bar towards eager hands as my sister and I sampled each in exchange for feedback/suggestions. Music recommendations were jotted down and doled out based on what came up on the Pandora station du jour. There may have been talk of harmonica lessons. This is what I want in a neighborhood bar: class, good music, even better conversation, extensive beer lists, and interaction. Yes, yes, yes, yes, and yes.Went here for restaurant week. Fantastic food and service, and the atmosphere was jovial as well. Can't understand how a place like this has 3 stars.The beer list changes often, but there is rarely an IPA (black IPA or DIPA, but no IPA). The food is hit or miss. Eight of us at the table and four dishes were enjoyed and the other four were disappointing. Also, those chairs! simply not comfortable. I prefer the older sibling, Hawthorne's.One muggy October evening after a few drinks I found myself really, REALLY craving some wings, so vehemently so that I even questioned if I was pregnant. The Cambridge happened to be right there and upon review of their menu I found that they did indeed serve chicken wings.
We were immediately seated in the dimly lit, aesthetically pleasing restaurant and I maybe too quickly ordered some garlic hot chicken wings.
Our kind waiter brought us beers and promptly brought out the reason that brought me to the establishment, and I was absolutely blown away. I honestly would have even tolerated Buffalo Wild Wings at that point but holy f, these wings were amazing. Perfect amount of sauciness to crispness ratio, amazing bleu cheese dip and thin cut celery strips. Couldn't have been happier and inhaled the lot of them.
My fiancée's experience here was a lot less dramatic and emotionally invested than mine, though not necessarily worse at all. He ordered their house grind burger which he found very flavorful and cooked to exactly his liking. Even accompanied by some of the best fries we've had in a while!
Not mentioned above: solid selection of beers, cool music and atmosphere, big open windows, definitely great for a bar crawl.
Verdict: would 10000% return to get a wing fix hereI came here to sit outside and enjoy their nice outside area in the back of the bar. Unfortunately, I wasn't impressed with their beer selection. I'm not an IPA fan and it seemed this was the majority of the options here for draft beer. The one hefeweizen that I was interested in immediately kicked with no wheat replacement, which was disappointing. Their food menu is interesting, but I haven't had the opportunity to try anything as I gave up after having a hard time finding a beer I'd like. I'd give this place another shot as the ambiance is good, but maybe try a cocktail and some snacks.Such an awesome new spot! It gets pretty crowded on the weekend, so go early if you want to enjoy your meal w/o having a ton of people staring at you, willing to eat faster. Have been here twice now and their beer list is fantastic. The food is also really good - reco the porker burger and meatloaf sandwich - but thought their pierogies was just ok. Agree that it can get pretty loud in the evening.I had brunch here and it wasn't very good. 
I had a Bloody Mary that was too spicy and too salty. 
I had an omelet that was runny and slimy in the middle. It was served with toast that was stale and cool and unbuttered. I asked for butter and I got a bunch of frozen butter packets. 
The service was good.Went here this weekend with a huge group for my friends birthday. The drinks were great! I got the basil lemon drop and orchard mule, both were super tasty. For apps we split the nachos (killer!) and the brussel sprouts (so so good!!) and then for my main I got the fish and chips. 
The fish and chips were tasty! The fish was a little salty, but overall still very good. I was stuffed and sadly couldn't finish, but I definitely want to return!Cool spot....great food and great beer selection.  Everything was great but the small glasses that they used for some of their beers.  I don't mind paying for a great beer abut I felt like I was having $2 worth of beer as I paid $5+ for a glass.  Don't get me wrong this is a place that I will definitely return to since other than the glass everything was on point.This could be my new fave illadelphia bar
original decor that reminds me of my travels to the UK
deelish brunch specials, albeit the portions were on the smaller side
cheap AF Titos sodas
friendly waiters/waitresses
lots of hip kats rollin up in hea
good for a bar crawl in the city of brotha'ly loveCame in for a late bit with my sister in law fresh off the train at 10pm. Made a reservation on open table on a Tuesday night and they had some nice tables that late dining. I always recommend making a res when you can, it just makes it easy! :)
First walked in and the decor and style were so appealing! They definitely work with the space they have and play up the rail road rustic look. I loved the hangings on the wall, the little bottles around the ceilings and the repurposed train track beams through out the structure. 
We ordered light, my sis and mother in law got a beer each and enjoyed them, they split the falafel and the Brussels sprout. I LOVED the falafel, taziki and the rice was unbelievably flavorful. Truly Turkish herbs & seasoning involved in that dish. The brussel sprout was cooked well but needed a salty element, they were sweet, and enjoyable but I couldve used a little less sweet and a little more savory/salt. 
My husband and I split the pulled pork and it was delish!!  
Service was great, we came in late and the server was kind and happy to replenish our waters frequently. We drink a ton of it. 
Really enjoyed our time there. One small suggestion would be to make the font bigger and easier to read for the "please wait to be seated" sign, we didn't wait at the front and were greeted immediately so that wasn't a problem but I imagine at busy times, it may be. 
We will keep Cambridge in mind next time we're near philly!"I like this place" I said to myself as i walked in the dark bar with candles flickering all around me. Our table of 6 was seated and orders were placed for various beverages. I tried my hand at the Fig Side Car. I never knew i liked side cars until the sweet nectar of cognac passed my lips last night. The Cambridge's version comes up with fig and cinnamon infused cognac and squeeze of lemon and the twist of an orange peel. Total. Utter. Perfection. The gents seemed impressed with the beer list ( for the most part) and the have glasses of Bele Casel prosecco. One downside to me was the price point on some of the wines namely the 10 a glass for Sophia Coppola bubbles ( interesting is the only word that comes to mind) some of the other options were out of reach to me even for us being on this side of Broad. I would return again. Our groups conversations will make everyone run for cover. Ill reiterate I like it here this time i said it out loud , loudly,
Oh yes there was mention of the infamous #PFBD action ( yes i hashtagged , and yes it was necessary)Festive, more upscale and darker, intimate lighting setting.  Very large selection of beers and drinks are available, at decent prices.  TVs are at the bar.  Looks like an English pub place from the outdoors looking in.  Will have to try their food sometime.Food is decent. Drinks are pretty weak and taste Alright. The staff is slightly obnoxious which is why I give this place 1 star. I would recommend this place for a group or intimate dateMac and cheese was salty and was only made better with ketchup. I don't know what's up with the chicken and biscuits. The batter needs to be reworked. Couldn't even finish our order.We went here for a Goose Island event and all the beers we wanted to try were already kicked! It was a little crowded too so we had to stand and felt like I was in the servers way. Hopefully a second visit will change my mind about this place.Good beer selection, good service, a solid choice for both drinks and food.  very cozy atmosphere, my only complaint is the chairs are pretty uncomfortable and you sit too close to the tables next to you.I'm really mad at this bar. My boyfriend and I came here a lot for their good beer selection but their manager is on a power trip or something. He made a comment to us that I mentioned to the waiter and he told us it must be a joke. I was tired so I left but my boyfriend informed me they refused to serve him and his friend after I left. His friend had only 2 beers at the time and my boyfriend tried to reason with them but it was the manager's orders. It is a shame because we liked that place and the manager treated them like teenagers for no reason.Came here for an afternoon snack at the bar. Bartender Mike was super nice. Let us try the hard root beer (after which we ordered one, so unusual). Also had the light and refreshing Mattina Spritz with Aperol and fresh lemon rind. 24 beers on tap. Split the Belgian waffle special - caramelized bananas, candied nuts and caramel sauce.
Didn't sit outside, but the courtyard area looks promising for next time. 
Annoyances: 
Bathrooms are not air conditioned. Why? 
Bar stools are square and uncomfortable to sit on.I really loved this place. The short rib Shepherd's pie was amazingly good and my friend really loved the fish and chips. The "mushy peas" that came with his meal were incredible. Good service, lovely ambiance...will definitely be back!Nice atmosphere and Nice menu. Gastro pub with creative ideas. We were there in a Sunday and had some good drinks and a delicious short rib mac and cheese. Look forward to going back.This place has potential: well executed gastropub food at reasonable prices (e.g. burger and fries for $12, steak with mash, sautéed greens and 'shrooms for $18), craft beer, decent service (if often slow). 
But (and these are big buts, if I may say so) the food portions are tiny if you get anything but the nachos and burgers. I'd be willing to pay 50% more to get entrées 50% larger, because right now I am always hungry at the end. Also, I don't know about you, but I enjoy a bit of variety in my food menu, whereas I value predictability in my drink list. If I know my favorite beer is Allagash white, I should be able to get it every time I come. Right now, it's always the same food menu, with always the same 'daily' specials for weeks. But the beer selection changes every single time. Whenever we find a beer we like, we know it won't be available the next time. Unless you like absolutely any beer (so you don't mind changing it up every time) I really don't see that as an appealing feature. 
So we used to like it here, but we are getting tired of it fast.The Cambridge is one of my go-to places for tastes like home cooking food. The servers are friendly and attentive, the beer menu is ever changing, and the atmosphere is casual and comfortable. I especially love their outdoor garden in the back. I think everything in the menu is amazing, but the Brussels sprouts and the burger are my absolute favorites. Oh, and somehow there's not usually a wait! Can't say enough good things about this great neighborhood bar.At my recommendation, we recently dined here to celebrate our dear friend Rosi's birthday. Along with us were my husband, our friend Heather, and Rosi's 3.5 year old son Miles. She was coming straight from work on a Friday night so we made the reservation for relatively early (6:15). I was surprised it was so busy that early (so it was a tad noisy) but it's clearly a great spot for happy hour so it makes sense! 
We were greeted promptly and brought to a table by the door. We were a little concerned at first (about the draft and the highchair being in the way) but were relieved at the staffs efforts to accommodate us. It actually turned out to be great!
Our server was so polite and patient (with both the kid and the frazzled adults). It took us a few minutes to decide what to order--everything sounded good! We ultimately decided on: Brussels Sprouts, Braised Short Rib Mac + Cheese, a cheese plate with figs and prosciutto, the cobb salad, a couple house grind burgers, and the hot roast beef sandwich (along with several glasses of vino, a beer, and water for the kiddo). It was particularly adorable how they fashioned a "kid cup" from a to-go soup container--a trick I hope to remember in the future!
The cheese plate was notably delicious and Miles scarfed it all up (he has refined taste). I had the brussels and the cobb salad and was wowed by both. One minor issue I had regarded the salad dressing options but my server did everything she could to accommodate my difficulty with condiments (she did the best she could--I'm a total weirdo!)
Overall we had a great night and look forward to coming back again. As with most restaurants in the area, it wasn't the worlds most affordable meal but we are all firm believers that you get what you pay for so it was worth it. I only wish that wines by the glass were just a few dollars less so we would feel less guilty about ordering that second glass (but that's a personal vendetta I have against all restaurants citywide and not specific to Cambridge who's just keeping up with the pack!) Great food and atmosphere. Definitely a great date spot!I really hoped this place would be good.  I love the look of it, but that's about it.  The waiters were extremely slow in coming to the table to refill drinks or check up.  It took about 45 minutes (being generous) to get our appetizers of salad and mac and cheese--the mac and cheese was pretty fabulous to be fair but I had to remind them that we had also ordered salad.  It took another 20 minutes to get the burgers, which were ok at best.  For three of us to get one drink and burgers it was $100, which was just not worth the price especially given how long the wait and how horribly loud it was.  Super disappointing!  I've never missed Tritone more than I do right now.The wife and I had brunch here on Saturday. Very good. Cool, battered-looking interior. She had a chorizo/pork roll/egg sandwich that was delicious. I had burger that was really good, juicy, flavorful and perfectly cooked. Had a couple Allagash Whites to go with it. Server was attentive. Two thumbs up. We'll definitely return.Came here for a drink on a Friday night with a friend and thought it was a good English pub style spot which made it a little different from the other pubs in Philly. They have an extensive beer menu, and the waitress was courteous in recommending me something that I would like based on my tastes. My friend tried the alcoholic root beer (ask about it) which was really cool - had 6% alcohol but tasted exactly like regular root beer. 
Can't speak for the food but definitely a great beer spot.Always satisfied. The beer list is fresh and fantastic. Food is top notch for the neighborhood.  Very friendly staff. 
This is the local pub. 
Nicest part is the outdoor back patio dining.great staff and service. food was good and it was a good experience.  the bar tender needs some lessons on how to pour a cocktail. short, skimpy and overpriced because we had to ask for more liquor to fill up a martini glass, as it is in any good restaurant.  
ill consider retuning but only after i prep.Very disappointed- waitress had attitude/ sausage was very dry, hostess asked to f I needed more coffee which I did because the waitress not attentive. I'm top there was a LONG wait for everything and they were not busy at allI never knew they had a patio out back here.  It's very nice.  Lights strung overhead, it seems like a quieter place back there.  The patio also closes earlier than the bar, which is a shame.  I would have spent the rest of the night back there.  
By my count, this is a beer bar.  I have found a couple of interesting brews here, and some things that I haven't previously tried.  I was impressed with the Horchata Ale by Cigar City Brewing that I tried in my most recent visit.  It was a cream ale, very drinkable, and you can taste all of the flavor that you would expect from horchata in the finish.  
Staff was friendly and fast.  We weren't waiting long for a round.So, I stroll by Hawthorne`s cafe as a very much infrequent visitor to the city of Philadelphia and see that they are "closed for renovations", but check out what we are doing over at The Cambridge in the meantime.  Now, in my past visits to Hawthorne`s, I always had a nice time, good food, very good beer.
Based on that, I popped into The Cambridge a few hours later that evening.  It was rather crowded, but I managed to find an open spot at the bar.  Waited several minutes, and never even received a nod or "I`ll be right with you" from any of the bartenders.  I was completely ignored and as such was annoyed and had to cut my losses by moving on to a different establishment.  Might try them again on my next visit, but with so many great beer bars in Philly, I also may not.Excellent rotating beer list and a good variety of bar food + some nicer options.  Recently noticed they revamped their menu and everything I've tried has been very good.  Have a nice courtyard for outdoor seating in the summer months and a cozy vibe inside.  Really like this neighborhood bar.In my line of living I generally encounter 3 types of brunches. There's the occasional Sunday Funday brunch that leads to an all day rager. These are most common during the football season and right when Spring starts to appear. Then there's the more common Saturday night continuation brunch where you wake up rearing to go, but after a bloody or two the night catches up to you and you want to go home and take a nap. Finally there's the dignified brunch, typically with parents or bosses on business trips where a bloody or mamosa may be acceptable but why risk it, you're really just there to eat.
Since moving into the neighborhood in April I've been to the Cambridge for brunches 1 & 3. The first was in preparation for the US vs Portugal game. It was me, boo, and our friend. Boo was there for a brunch #2 but the friend and I were totally in it for a #1. I got the roast beef sandwich and the girls got omelets. My roast beef was perfect and just the right amount of food. I got a bloody to start which was nice and spicy and then I switched to the beer list. You can tell they put a lot of thought into it, there were a lot of rare and unique drafts which I thought was cool albeit a bit expensive. Afterwards I grabbed a few six packs (1 Dales, 1 Laganitas IPA, 1 Prima Pils) to hold us over till the game started. It was very convenient. 
My second brunch there was of the 3rd variety. Boo's parents were up for the weekend and they wanted to take us out for brunch. We decided on Cambridge bc it was such a hit the last time. This time however there would be no broing out. While that made the experience different it was no less enjoyable. I went for the Cambridge Omelet which has broccoli rabe, peppers, sharp prove, and then I added chorizo. It was amazing. Again, big enough to satisfy me without feeling stuffed. I also got to try the home fries which the girls were yammering about the first time. The yammering was legit, they were crispy and delicious. 
Both times our waitress was Susan, she was really great, one of the best waitresses I think I've ever had actually. They also have an outdoor courtyard that looks awesome. I'm really looking forward to coming back here at other times besides brunch, especially during hockey season. 
Big ups to The Cambridge!!Sat outback with the rope lights which was a pretty cool area to grab food and drinks. Cocktails were great. I had stuffed meatballs, chili glazed calamari, and the cauliflower "cheesesteak" all of which were phenomenal! I will definitely be revisiting sometime soon in the futureJust reviewed the Cambridge on Facebook and actually had someone from the staff snap back at me 3 times. So professional. The food isn't very good. My sandwich was overcooked, dry and bland. The beer was good. But they don't make it there. Go to Rex next door. They're food is wonderful and the staff is charming.If I could rate this restaurant in the negatives I would. I've been coming here for a long time for drinks and the bartenders are great. I am continuously disappointed with their food. The icing on the cake was when they served me raw chicken, and I'm not talking underdone chicken, I'm talking pink raw chicken. I would never recommend this establishment for food ever. I've previously had bad experiences with the food and continue to try and give my neighborhood favorite now ex favorite a chance. Lesson learned.Delicious black bean burger and decent beer selection. Would definitely go again!I've been here so much recently that I'm surprised I've never reviewed it. 
The Cambridge is one of those go-to places that's always in my back pocket when someone wants:
* brunch (especially after yoga, which is across the street and very convenient and I didn't feel judged for being there in yoga clothes and extremely sweaty).
***Sidenote: Recently was here for brunch and I emphatically advise you order the lentil salad, the prosciutto and eggs (my instagram of this is practically going viral), and I've also in the past enjoyed the pork belly quail eggs situation. The scrambled eggs and flatbread with lox was just meh. 
* a drink (or a lot of drinks-they have a pretty large selection).
* a Happy Hour that will have seating (one time, there were 3 British ladies giving out banana bread and singing. True story. But their happy hour ends at 6. Boo.)
* a spot to go after the Pop-Up Garden closes or after you run out of cash.
* a spot to go to that's 3 blocks from most of my friend's apartments and isn't Bob and Barbara's (I love you B + B's but sometimes I need a break).
* a spot to go to on the way home from work because, MONDAYS (or actually any day of the week).
* casual dinner without wait or reservations.
Wait staff is friendly, food is solid, reasonably priced, atmosphere is laid back but not divey. It might not be your destination, but it's a great place to end up.
Still haven't managed to score a spot on their outdoor patio but, someday. It looks adorable.A quick pre-theatre dinner was good but not outstanding. Beer menu is extensive but printed in 3 point type and offered up iin a dark room, so that's not too helpful. The calamari starter was nice but I wish the sauce had been on the side as my picky daughter didn't like it. First bite of my pork sandwich was a mouthful of greasy grizzle.  After I spit that out the rest was very tasty though!  Service was good.I went to this bar for cocktails..which were good.  Customer service is struggling.  Our waiter wasn't that friendly, kind of seemed annoyed that we were there, and took forever to get our drinks (there were only 2 tables in the entire restaurant).  I probably won't be going back any time soon because there are too many other restaurants with great cocktails and great customer service that I would rather spend my money at.This is an excellent neighborhood edition.  Much cooler and better as a bar than as a restaurant.  Exciting and ever-changing beer selection.  Their nachos are perfect (not too greasy and not too much) but I haven't really been able to find another item on their menu I love.  That said, I still really like this place.  Great for an after work dinner, apps, drinks....but let me warn you, place is loud.  Expect to be shouting.Even if the Cambridge doesn't automatically top the Philly beer scene lists, it's up there. While I don't find myself going there too often, their events are well worth a visit. Their regular beer lists are well worth a pop in if I'm in the area as well.
My recent visits surrounded the tapping of Founder's Canadian Breakfast Stout. I never had this special, rarity before, and I was so excited to be able to FINALLY get my hands on a glass of it because of their Dark Dank Night Event. The other beers on the list were certainly gems as well: various Goose Island Bourbon County's, Half Acre Vanilla Big Hugs, Perennial's Abraxas and many more. I think at any given time they have a Half Acre brew or two on draft. 
I've found all the bartenders I've interacted with to be friendly and knowledgeable. They know their beer and are more than happy to chat you up or make a recommendation. During the Dank Dark Night event, each and every employee worked their butt off to ensure all the customers were happy with drink in hand. 
Although I can't judge based on my few visits, the music in during my last few visits was really enjoyable. They included some Tom Petty, Bill Withers Lean on Me, King Harvest Dancing in the Moonlight and so many more great oldies. Not top 40, but tunes that are so fun to listen to. 
On one of my visits, I had the happy hour mini-burger. It really wasn't mini, rather than normal. I guess most burgers from gastropubs are huge so it had to be called mini. I found it to be the similar size to something you'd get at a family BBQ. The rest of the menu looked great and I wouldn't hesitate to dive deeper into their options. 
After writing this review, I'm other than the location not being overly convenient for me, I'm really not sure why I'm not a regular at the Cambridge. It has everything you'd want from a craft beer bar/gastropub.Sadly starting to change.
To the new cook - please stop changing the dishes!!!
The beet salad used to be amazing, one of the best in the city. Last time I went (Oct. 23rd) it had beets and suddenly a ton of greens. Not even good greens but freesia. Basically to make it look like there was more than there way. And where did the salmon on the salad go? The chicken was so dry I cant imagine it was fresh.
Cheese plate - perhaps the waiters should be able to explain the cheese? And more than a half of a pear to eat with it would be nice. We don't all want a loaf of bread as the only thing to put cheese on.
Perogies - The rotation of those was so great
Empanadas - Way, way too much dough. Such a waste of money.
Burgers/ Sandwiches - GF rolls or bread would be amazing!!
Those of us who live in this area know that its booming. This is great! However, our old favorites need to stay as just that - favorites. With so much competition coming I think its even more important 
Service: Servers continuously seem flustered and unsure of what's going on. Takes awhile for water glasses to be refilled yet they seem very happy to hand you the check. I always, ALWAYS feel rushed if Im at a table. I think the last time was my last time at a table.
Overall - Ill still go here for a drink at the bar and a quick bite, but its gotten to the point I dont want to sit at a table or order too much here. I just never know what Ill get.It was good, improvements could be made. Ordered the chicken on biscuit and french dip, chicken was mostly a little over crisp breading and the biscuit was too thick to be eaten like the sandwich it's supposed to be, but the breading flavor was good. The beef was tasty with caramelized onions and cheese, some parts a little dry, the au jus helped a little. Might try it again, but nothing outstanding.Has some problems with noise level, I think the beer list is great, but there are some kinks with service. I think this place will eventually be back to a four star establishment when they figure it all out.Stopped by on a warm summer's night, the back patio had great feel and was very inviting. The beer menu was rather extensive and the waitress was very helpful. I found the service to be good as we placed our order and received our meal in a timely fashion especially for a Sat night. 
I ordered the house veggie burger which was excellent, one of the best in the city. My date ordered the rib eye which was cooked to perfection, and which she really enjoyed. Even though there is limited seating available the back patio was comfortable. A great experience overall.I'm giving this place 5 stars simply because I know they are trying to make it a great establishment. The hostess was friendly and seated us promptly. The drinks were tasty. The short rib mac and cheese was awesome! We also ordered the grilled octopus. It was awful - chewy and way overdone. We told the waitress we wanted to send it back. She came to our table a few minutes later and said the chef agreed it was not done properly and they apologized.
I almost fell over. A chef agreeing something wasn't done well??? That alone makes me want to return. They understand customer service.
A few minutes later the manger came to our table to apologize and gave a dessert on the house for the inconvenience. It was great.
Thank you to Cambridge for addressing and handling the situation properly. 
My only comment is to get rid of the backless chairs :)I want to start off and say Food and drinks were phenomenal. The major issue I had with this restaurant was the hostess who came over to our table and said that we were "messing up the flow of things" by having 2 more rounds of drinks after we had finished our meal. She had come over irritated and questioned why we were still there our check had been prematurely dropped off. Just to note, between the bar and the table, we spend $250. The waitress had realized what the hostess said to us and came over and apologized, which helped, but at no point should a hostess come over to a table that had been there for about an hour from start to finish, say that we needed to leave. I would not return. At no point should the hostess's problem be our problem.Type. . . . . . . . . . ..Trendy Bar + Food 
Level. . . . . . . . . . .Medium 
Location. . . . . . . .Good 
Prices. . . . . . . . . ..Medium 
Tap Selection. . . .Medium, 30+ Specialties during PBW 
Bottle Selection. .Unknown 
Samplers. . . . . . ...Small Pours 
Full Pours. . . . . . .Yes 
Beer Level. . . . . ...Medium 
Food. . . . . . . . . . .Yes 
Food Level. . . . ...Unknown 
Staff. . . . . . . . . . .Friendly, Overwhelmed Slightly 
Growlers. . . . . . ..No 
Noise Level. . . . .Loud 
Décor. . . . . . . . . .Trendy, Modern Tavern, All Wood 
Good for Kids. . .No 
Parking. . . . . . . ..Street, Strictly Enforced 
WiFi. . . . . . . . . . .Unknown 
Cash Only. . . . . .No 
Recommended. .Perhaps 
Comments: This venue had some of the best events for Philly Beer Week, so my tap selection exposure was atypical. They served specialty beers in nice mini snifters. If you sit at a table, they will want you to move your tab from the bar, which is understandable. Lighting is low, very low. Seating area is at a premium. Looks like they do some interesting cocktails. Didn't see the food menu but probably gastropub type. Could be fun to check out.Terrible service. We were sitting it back and it wasn't full and they wouldn't let us push two tables together. Manager claimed it was against city ordinances which is not true. Food is mediocre at best anyway. It's a shame because the ambiance out back is so nice i would have went back again if they weren't so rudeNice atmosphere : sitting in court yard with Autumn breeze and many beers that compliment the atmosphere . Could u ask for more ? Yes u could ! Food was ok .. Service was great ... I will returnFood- After 10 visits, I have only experienced consistency and quality dishes. I would recommend a few dishes but realized that would be putting most of the menu in my review. A few stud dishes include the Cambridge hall burger and the Grilled Steak (bacon vinaigrette). I would be remiss not to mention the Mac and Cheese which is very rich and flavorful. They simply know how to execute flavorful dishes .
Ambiance- A very cozy setting with a lot of reclaimed wood. They have an outdoor area which is a squared off concrete patio. I have to compliment the music selection which ranges from jazz to classic rock. It is a bit on the smaller side so prime time hours you should expect a decent wait. 
Without a doubt, it is worth a visit!I like it, the vibe inside is cozy and inviting with distressed wood and natural colors.  I can't say I'm a huge fan of the short stools in the dining room, not very comfortable, so I'll probably stick with the bar moving forward.  The beer selection is very good and I like how they list the "on deck" brews to keep people coming back.  
My only real downside, which I notice seems to be a trend from the other reviews, is that they were out of the meatloaf sandwich when I dined (at 7:00, really?)  Kind of a bummer when you'd looked at the menu earlier in the day, decided upon making the walk across town, only to find out the one thing you'd had your mind set on was 86'd.  Bummer indeed.  
Even still, we decided to split the burger which was cooked perfectly medium rare and the onion poppy bun was perfect, fresh and flavorful, holding up nicely to the condiments.  The fries were also very good, perfectly cooked, and a very good portion.  The burgers come with fries (with a $1.50 sub for a side salad) while the sandwiches come with a side salad (with a $1.50 sub for fries.)  Not sure the reasoning here, but it pushed us towards the burger as a chicken sandwich and fries would have been $14.50 as opposed to the burger with fries at $11.  So a very good value for a very tasty burger.  We also had the short rib macaroni & cheese which was very good and a nice portion - not so much you couldn't finish (or feel terrible after) or too little that it was a rip-off.
I look forward to returning and hopefully I can taste the meatloaf sandwich soon.  I mean, I understand how they could run out, it reads the best of anything on the menu (dry aged beef, bacon onion relish, roasted tomato, pan gravy, french fries, fried egg, onion poppy roll) - see, who wouldn't want that?!  Even still, it bums me out to no end when restaurants are out of something that's on their standard menu.The food was pretty good. That's the good news. The bad news is that we made a reservation for 8pm on NYE. We got there and were told we have all the time we need but "leave in an hour." There was a private party coming at 9pm. Ok. Fine. We did send an email asking about a NYE prix fixe menu - no response. At 8:40 we were urged to get our check, after we wanted one more round. She basically said no. We promised to be out by 8:50. We got an eye roll and eventually our drinks. Maybe next time, let us know about our time constraints so we have an option to make another plan instead of feeling rushed for our entire meal. Nachos were pretty good though.Been here once and shared a nacho plate with a friend. Really good! Had a great time, but it really is annoying having three different waiters asking every five minutes if we wanted something else.. I understand that they work for the tip, but please! One waiter is enough per table if you ask me ;-)Everything about this place is fairly average. The food isn't amazing, the service tends to be fairly slow to average and the happy hour is definitely lacking. The only real plus to this place is their massive beer selection.Absolutely loved this place! The decor was unique and their little outdoor area is great for perfect fall weather. I had the Sansei Kris burger, which was good until I tried my boyfriend's Porker Burger which was FAN-TAS-TIC. Only thing I had a problem with was how loud the place was... but it might just be because of the wooden floors.The brunch is good. Regular menu is meh. I guess a good spot for a beer and burger. The garlic hit wings are worth ordering. Steer clear from the funky calamari and "chili lime" wings- they have the potential to be good but something is off or missing and the dipping sauce is questionable.Love the new addition in the former Tritone space.  The decor is rustic, the staff is friendly, it's not crowded, the food is pretty good, and it was easy to get a table for 6 people.  
Nachos with vegan chili: LOVED these.  Lots of cheese and jalepenos.  Will definitely come back for this.
Maine Line Affair cocktail.  delicious and refreshing!  You can't go wrong w/ rose hip infused gin, st germain and lime!
Shrimp 'po boy: Eh, not outstanding.  Didn't have a lot of flavor and just didn't taste like a New Olreans style "po boy and the breading ont he shrimp was a little mushy.  I was however pretty jealous of my friend's wings...they looked extra crunchy and tasty.  
Beef brisket mac and cheese: Creamy, cheesy, delicious.  The top could have been a little crusttier though but still fantastic.
Fried snickers bar dessert: Not bad.  1/2 of it kind of just tasted like fried bready stuff.  
The beer list is quite extensive so I can't wait to come back to try some of those out.  The server was really sweet.  She did forget to bring out the surprise dessert with a candle for our birthday friend but it really wasn't a big deal- our friend is not 5 and didn't cry about it.  The server also accidentally mentioned octopus as being vegan amongst a list of other vegan items-  a total slip of the tongue.  We've all absentmindely said things and seriously, (no offense to my friend) who really goes to a restaurant and expects vegan?  
All in all, a great neighbor hood bar and I will be back!Great beer selection and friendly staff. Had the nachos which were on point as well. Will come back for sure. Nice ambience with a patio outback.came on a saturday afternoon for some drinks with a birthday girl. the drinks are moderately priced, $11-14. not as strong as i'd prefer but the indoor decor was very cute. maybe will come back for some food as well!It's love, so far.  Went with my sister tonight and we split 3 apps (which was more than I really needed to eat, ugh) since so many of them looked enticing.  The nachos tasted fantastic..  So many flavors going on!  the blackened octopus was also delicious.  We, being Polish ladies, finished up with the pierogi of the night, which was short rib.  100% got the Polack seal of approval.  However, there were 3, which was kind of awkward.  4 would be better, and also a bit more sour cream, please!  We liked the beer list, and thought the prices were reasonable.
Service was good, but a little awkward and occasionally slow, which I expect on the 3rd day open, so I certainly wouldn't take stars off for it at this point, especially since it wasn't AWFUL or anything.  Hopefully it improves!
Other good things: the music was straight oldies, which I think is fantastic.  Keep that, please!  Decor is casual and warm, and the bathrooms were clean and smelled nice.
Not so good things: it's LOUD; the stools instead of seats are a little awkward; to be 100% honest, if you're carrying a lot of extra weight, well, they're not for you; and it was a bit hot inside...could use to pump the AC up a bit.
Overall a great addition to the area, and I look forward to coming again and trying more menu items!Cambridge the heir to ol' tritone bar.
This place is great. I am glad to have it in my neighborhood. Compared to bars in the area - Fancier then Tangier, better atmosphere then Ten stone, better draft selection than Brick.
Food: Food is good. I usually will just have drinks here but the burgers are good. Their brunch is great. They you used to have a meatloaf brunch sandwich that was awesome. BRING IT BACK.
Drinks: Great Draft selection with a nice rotation.
Atmosphere: Rustic ChicDisappointing service. Upon our arrival, it was not busy.  We had to seat ourselves, as no host acknowledged us.  Once we were at our table, our order was not taken for close to 20 minutes.  We then proceeded to wait for our food for a long time, despite the fact that we were one of four tables.  Food was delicious, however, it was not worth the wait.  Our waitress did not check on us and it took forever to get our check.I've only been here once but I am sure I will be back. The vibe is very alluring: cozy, rustic, friendly, yet sophisticated. It's how I imagine a neighborhood pub in England would be. The beer list is epic, and judging by the preview of the upcoming taps, they work pretty hard to seek out unusual styles and lesser-known brewers. The food was a mixed bag: I wasn't a fan of the black bean burger, but the fries were incredible, and you've gotta love a bar that serves grilled octopus. I heard mixed reviews from my friends about their dinners as well. If The Cambridge just gets a better handle on the kitchen they will be a serious 5-star favorite.I'm a brunch fan. I like to comb my hair and sit across from my lady friend and order me something exciting. Then you wait for it like a six year old waiting for Santa Claus. Well there's nothing more disappointing than opening that box and it's a wool sweater from your aunt Bea god rest her soul, not the fancy fidgety light me up doo dad you were hoping for. My brunch at the Cambridge today was the sweater I swear to god. I ordered the breakfast bombs. Now when you look at the description you're thinking that you're getting something special. Biscuits and bacon and eggs and bacon grits in a sauce of some sort or another. Kaboom! Now that's a way to start a Sunday! When it arrived I'm thinking "that doesn't look like what I ordered" but I gave it a chance because I was in a great mood. My brunch mood. Jesus Christ it was like I was eating two old turds covered in sauce. The meat and eggs were a hard, dried thin layer of hell right in the middle of the hard biscuits. I should have asked for a steak knife to get through these things. The grits didn't rescue the turds. The service and coffee were good so extra star.Came here for dinner on a Saturday night and were seated immediately without a reservation.  Not that it was empty by any means, there was a good crowd for a Saturday, but me and my starving boyfriend were grateful that it wasn't so crowded we had to wait.  I ordered the fried chicken biscuit sandwich and my boyfriend got the grilled chicken sandwich, both with salad greens.  My sandwich was delicious, the biscuit was pretty light although maybe a little cakey, and the chicken was really well seasoned.  Unfortunately it did fall apart immediately, but I'm no stranger to a fork and knife sandwich.  The grilled chicken sandwich was really delicious, too- great flavor combinations with the boursin cheese.  The service was also good, would definitely come back again the next time I'm in the area.i used to have gerbils.  as part of their diet we would buy them a salt lick, which is a solid round circle of salt.  they would eat it throughout the week.  i'm not a gerbil...i don't really like gerbils anymore, but the food at The Cambridge might as well be a salt lick.  HOLY PARCHED BODY!
i have dined here many times and God Damn everything is salty...it has gotten worse because the first time i ate here the food was pretty good...now salt cereal.  they are geniuses on some level considering the more salt licks people eat...the more beer they drink.  i will say that the nachos are delicious and honestly it is a great beer bar!!   
the Cambridge probably has about 25 beers on tap at all times and are constantly rolling them over...both domestic and international.  this is a great place to come for a drink and the atmosphere is super nice...great dark woods with a vintage like feel.
i can't finish this review without mentioning the unmentionable.  i was here about a month ago having dinner with a friend and all of a sudden i saw a mouse run across the dining room floor.  i gasped b/c i didn't want to scream and cause a commotion, but it was definitely running around...i kept my eye on it.  Cambridge...here is a tip: get some mouse traps or else the Philly health department might have a few things to say...although they won't shut you down.  Here in philly we love the grit...just check out the hoards of food trucks without running water in west philly. 
cheers!service was fine.  price was ok.  some of our meals were lacking and small.  don't order a salad here.Arrived with 4 people at 645pm and place was half empty. The hostess asked if we had a reservation which we did not. It's going to be a little bit of wait....what? We can call you when we have a table. Literally she texted when we walked out the door. It was like a practical joke. Will likely not return as the same bling hostess did the same to other friends.great food, great beer. Sit on the patio.
Service is kinda up and down. It's a new place and they are working the kinks out.
It'll get there. Great addition to the neighborhood.I've been meaning to go here& last sat , my girls & I wanted to try it out. Its a local pub bar, known for beers, cocktails, That being said, I knew they weren't going to be best in coffee or other things , but worth a shot!!
We went in, great day, all windows were open, they court yard had a wait , so we sat inside. Our waitress was personable, But We ordered the French toast & split it, my other girlfriend ordered Chicken &  sweet potato waffles& she said it was dry & the chicken was bland. No Bueno!!!
Our french toast was kinda mushy in the center & coffee was ok, But with every refill it got more watered down. Think this is another spot best just for cocktails & bar food, not BRUNCH -brunch!!
Return factor:  Maybe in the evening but not for brunch.Great food, I'll be back but prices are high and it's a little crammed.  In the summer there was no AC nor sure if that has changed.
Chairs are uncomfortable but all and all it's a good place to go, shame they took the Asian pork sandwich off the menu, it was phenomenal.Not a big fan of this place. I really tried to like it because of the decor and location, but they don't seem to have good service. Once I went with my boyfriend and sat at the bar, and the bartenders were making snarky comments about a girl that had just left. Food is just mediocre. Definitely not the worst place to go, but wouldn't be my first choice. They do have an outdoor patio at the place, which is a plus, so I might have to go back for that and reassess.I've been to this place a handful of times, and never really felt compelled to write a review. I guess I just wasn't all that impressed by what The Cambridge had to offer, but that has changed. The black bean burger is excellent. Probably one of the best I've had in the area. It came with a side of fries and aioli which was spicy and perfect. They have a fairly extensive draft list which is nice for my inner beer snob, and they also have a nice selection of wine although the price per bottle is a bit steep. The service is great and friendly and it's a better bar atmosphere than other places in the area.Ugh! I was having a girls night out with old college girlfriends... We settled on this place because it looked like it might have a cool atmosphere. 
We arrived and was told there would be a 15 minute wait... No big deal. 45 minutes later we were finally being seated... without menus. The waitress comes over with water, thank god! because it's sweltering hot outside and inside. Then she asks if we want menus... um yes.. we're here for dinner. So minutes pass with no menus... We finally ask the hostess. 
It's like modern american food... regular stuff like burgers and fries but with one or two weird ingredients thrown in to make it hip. Not my style.. I wasn't wild about any of it, but my friends enjoyed their food pretty well.... once it actually showed up! We waited at least an extra 20-25 minutes for a piece of chicken to arrive. 
waitress was kind of a ditz... always had to ask for refills... and she just took forever! We watched three different couples sit down, eat dinner and leave in the time it took us to have dinner.  
seating was extremely uncomfortable... Little wooden stools without backs. 
to make up for her poor service... she "bought" us dessert.  
Since we were there so long we saw it turn from dinner crowd to going out crowd and the music got really strange around 9 o'clock. 
Wouldn't be back unless it was just for drinks or a snack.In the past, I have enjoyed my experience at the Cambridge very much.  But tonight went to dinner with friends and tried the "Tikki Massala Chicken Pot Pie"....to say I was disappointed would be an understatement.  This was the most disgusting thing I have eaten in recent memory.  Two tablespoons of tomato sauce with a Pillsbury puff pastry on top.  Terrible.  Will not return. Ever.OUTDOOR SEATING?
a short poem
Good outdoor seating.
Do not bring large parties here.
Nice beer selection.B.R.U.N.C.H. was on point. 
I am always amazed when a bar does a good brunch and this place gave me one of the most satisfying brunches I've had in recent memory. 
I loved the bowl presentation of many of the egg dishes. Potatoes on the bottom and eggy goodness on top with veggies. Great formula. 
The scramble was fantastic--loved the kale and onion combo. Eggs and veggies were perfectly cooked and seasoned and the dish was just melt in your mouth yumz. Garlic hot sauce on the side is my new reason for living. 
Also--ask for the garlic hot sauce on the side with everything. It comes with the scramble dish, but it was so good on basically everything: chicken n waffles, eggs, omelettes, etc. 
Service was friendly and great. This would be one of my go to spots for weekends. Surprisingly, it was not that crowded. (It was easy to get a table for 5 at around 10:30 am, with no wait).
We had some vegetarians in our group and didn't have any issues.Service was mediocre. The hostess literally threw the menus on the table, we said thanks but she just quickly walked away w/o a word. Then our food took forever.
We came here with out of town guests who were craving burgers after a tough mudder and our neighbors suggested this place. Food was very average, though I did like their different take on calamari. Almost an Asian style sweet and sour sauce on top of the dish. Kudos for creativity because calamari is one of my favorites. I didn't drink but their beer menu was very impressive. Points for that as well. The burger and fries were very average, though. I'd probably say food was four stars and service was two so The Cambridge gets three.
Points for: beer menu, unique take on calamari
Negatives: service, fries.Ok, so I've been here for dinner twice, lunch once, and brunch on a Saturday - and ALL of the meals (and accompanying drinks) were AMAZING!!! To know me, is to know I LOVE food - really. And, that while I will try almost anything (within reason) I am also VERY picky. The Cambridge has never disappointed me. Actually, the only thing that has disappointed me in any of my Cambridge experiences, is the inability to sometimes find parking! The entire menu rotates and has really good seasonal options. I've even mentioned to my bf that I would consider having a wedding-related meal there (hint hint Brant!!) - so everyone should know how much I really appreciate this establishment!Solid bar food, good service, classic pub atmosphere, large enough to accommodate a crowd.  Good for a cozy dinner, or a breezy brunch in the summer when they open the front windows.  Nothing crazy to write home about, but great to have in the neighborhood.Went there with 6 people on, Saturday March 9th. I called ahead of time to place a reservation but they did not accept reservations. I was told by an employee that if I came around 8pm, I wouldn't have to wait more than 25 minutes. 
I arrived at 7:40pm and was told 25 min wait. This 25 min wait turned into 2.5 hrs. Instead of putting together a table of 6, Cambridge kept putting together tables of 2. After several complaints, and hundreds of dollars spent on overpriced drinks, we were delivered 1 free appetizer. We got our table after several lies and a 2.5 hr wait. 
This place is overpriced, too crowded, and the service is unreasonable.We went for the burgers and were not disappointed. We got the regular burger and the porker burger. The porker burger was on the spicy side which I loved but if it's not your thing be warned. Fries were hot and fresh. Fast service.More like 3.5. Grind House  Burger is good. Moist and delicious. Good portion. Yummy fries. Perogies are really good, but expensive ($10 for three!). Pork burger was good and a bit spicy. Not good enough for the price. Always lots of beers of draft. VERY dark inside, download a flashlight app for your phone. Chairs near the windows are small and uncomfortable. Service is always nice and friendly. Cool place to chill with friends and get drinks. Food is good (though a tad overpriced).I've been to Cambridge several times and up until tonight I've never had an issue. Service is always great, menu is very interesting and drinks are good. 
Unfortunately, I had a very disappointing experience today. I ordered the brussel sprouts without bacon (I've been a vegetarian for 12 years) when the order came I took about three bites before I realized they in fact had bacon on them. Anyone that doesn't eat meat can imagine how upsetting this is. Not only do I not believe in eating in meat, it also made me physically ill. 
Vegetarians be warned and make sure you inspect your order before you eat it!3.5 stars because they have that sweet patio out back and also the fried chicken sandwich is delish- the bun is more like cornbread and I love that you can get it with a side of greens to pretend you're healthy. 
The beer selection is pretty good and I appreciate that the menu is organized by beer size (aka you can steer away from beers that come in those stupid small chalice glasses if you're so inclined). 
Staff has always been on the friendly side in my experience so no complaints there.
Now that I've outlined the good, let's talk about the weird. The wings. They come naked. With a side of hot sauce. Just waiting to be drenched. They just seem a little sad when they come.. Like they're waiting for someone to help them reach their full potential. Dunno if it's just me but I feel like I can never do as good of a job at drenching the wings myself. They're also served with a carrot and cucumber salad instead of the traditional carrots and celery which lets face it, just isn't the same. Good in its own way but some things are better left un-messed with, and wings is one of em. 
Apparently I felt like rambling today, but bottom line, definitely worth a visit- particularly on a nice sunny dayFun place to go for drinks, although it is usually packed and tough to find a place to sit. I do enjoy trying the different beers. The atmosphere is nice, new, clean. Staff is friendly and knowledgeable .The Cambridge has been consistent every time I've been there with great service and food quality. I went for brunch this time, which was phenomenal! The coffee is also superb. My hubs and I brought friends here and among both families, there were three kids. The booth we got was very small, so it was a tight squeeze to accommodate us all, but we made it work. Hopefully next time we could get a bigger, long table. On the plus side, it was loud in there, and the kids noises didn't seem to interrupt any other tables...whew!I have been here twice in the last six months. The first time was right after my wedding with my husband and best friends for a night cap. For a Saturday night, it was a great setting. It was much less packed than across the street and we could actually sit down, enjoy our drinks and hear each other talk.
The second time we actually came in for dinner. They have a big draft list, and both options we got were great (I had the honey cider). We split the meatballs for an appetizer and they were huge! Two big meatballs stuffed with cheese and spiced well. For dinner I had the grilled chicken sandwich and it was moist and flavorful. The side salad had a very light dressing, but complimented the sandwich well. For dessert we split the sticky toffee pudding which is a MUST. I will definitely be back to try more things!I've been here a few times now for drinks and recently tried the calamari and short rib mac & cheese last weekend. I enjoyed their take on calamari with a thai chili sauce. The mac & cheese sounded so good on the menu, but in reality I thought it was just ok. Melt some cheese on almost anything and it'll be good so it had that going for it, but the dish wasn't held together well and just didn't compare to mac & cheese I've had elsewhere. 
I'll be back for drinks and looking to try some other menu items the next time around.The Cambridge definitely impressed me.  My cousin and I came to eat here last month and were both impressed by the food and the service.  The decor of the restaurant is warm and welcoming, and there are lots of interesting items to choose from on the menu. I tried the pork sandwich and it was very delicious.  There is also a large beer selection, and there are several signature cocktails.   I'm happy to say that this is a top choice for me as far as the neighborhood restaurants go, and look forward to coming back.We arrived at 5pm on a Monday. The place was almost empty. The waiter said that he could not accommodate us because we had a stroller and our baby was too young for a high chair. He was very snotty about it. 
There are many great restaurants in Philly that are kid-friendly. This is not one of them.Visited Philly for a few days and was looking for good brunch/late lunch great food.  Came across Cambridge as the sister restaurant recommended by another restaurant (don't remember the name).  The service, ambiance, and food were nothing short of amazing. Everything we ordered from the food, to the draft beer was well prepared and extremely delicious. For anyone looking for a comfortable, casual, delicious  lunch / dinner... you won't be disappointed.