My group and I had a great experience here at The Little Lion. We loved the atmosphere and friendly wait staff. Our wonderful waiter made some great beer suggestions. We all enjoyed our entrees, notably the fried chicken and especially my entree, a pan seared salmon over spinach risotto, absolutely amazing. I will definitely be coming back here.Great Oysters and wonderful menu. Plan to go back to try out more of what they have to offer."Location, ambience, service and decor are highlights. Food is average and a little overpriced"
If you want a big group of people to get together at a nicely decorated place, the Little Lion is a great spot! Service is excellent and everyone is friendly. Very well decorated and well kept.
Unfortunately, food is definitely subpar. Almost everything my group ordered was either overlooked (protein) or undercooked (vegetables). Majority of the dishes were bland, as well.
Menu seems to offers a lot of exciting options, but they are not executed in ways you would hope in your head reading the menu.
If you can look over food for a great ambience and seating for groups, this will do!I went here for brunch for the first time.  Great place!  The service was prompt, friendly and they didn't make you feel rushed.  We ordered the smoked salmon toast and it was DELICIOUS.  Very citrusy which I liked.  I ordered the crawfish benny and that was done perfectly.  We all enjoyed our meals in a cozy spot in the restaurant.  
Here are the only things that were cons... I found it odd that they do not have salt and pepper on their tables.  I know that most white table cloth type of places do that.  But for this casual dining (and especially for brunch), I found it odd.  Second, although the service was good, the food took a bit longer than normal to get.  Thirdly, I came with a friend that was born and raised in Louisville.  She mentioned that the grits were not very good.
Regardless, I would go back.  Their variety of food and drinks are different and delicious!I was wondering when Yelp would let me down. Usually four stars and over 20 ratings makes me happy. This was not the case today. While the establishment is gorgeous and still smells of fresh paint they missed the mark on half of our dishes. Hopefully they are able to recover. The ham and pimento cheese was great. I was excited for the rest of our meal. The ginger snap cocktail was more of a lemon snap. I love ginger beer and the ginger liquor and ginger beer were over powered by lemon. The fried chicken was not properly breaded and bland. It tasted like it was battered in bisquick. The honey was likely to drizzle and I wanted to drown it to make it palatable but there wasn't enough. We were on the way to the airport and I hadn't eaten lunch so we discarded the breading and salvaged what we could and hit the road. The sweet potatoes fries saved that part of the meal. Basically we paid $60 for a few drinks, a ham sandwich, and sweet potato fries.We had an amazing lunch experience here. The Apple Crisp was a great refreshing cocktail for a warm spring afternoon... delightful fruit flavors, yet the rye wasn't hidden. The Peddler Buzz likewise was a nice take on an Irish coffee. We split the Blackened Catfish Po'Boy, which was perfect... baguette just the right texture, sauce super-delicious but not overwhelming, fresh and tender fish. We up-sold to the amazing sweet potato fries. All in all, one helluva lunch in a great atmosphere for a great price.Super yummy oysters, Mac n cheese, Brussels sprouts, tomato soup. Cocktails were ok. Would love to come back for happy hour. Right across street from American revolution museum. Time that visit right & stop in for happy hour.This is my new favorite spot in the city. Besides the fact that I've been waiting forever for someone to occupy the space after Haru closed, The Little Lion brings such a cool vibe to the area and it feels like it belongs. The upstairs is my favorite spot, but with three different dining areas, this place is huge. I have a love/hate relationship with all the small byobs and narrow restaurants in the city... it's so nice to dine in a large open one like this.
The cocktails are fun and tasty and the beer list is creative. I've been here twice and had a tough time deciding what to drink each visit because I wanted them all. The service and food are equally good. The farm cheese is such a yummy appetizer and the apple butter leaf salad was cleaned off my plate in record time. The presentation of the Lion burger was fantastic and it was delicious but next time I need to order an extra side of the sauce because I loved the flavor of whatever they put in it.
My fiancé and I loved the space so much that we have already booked our March 2015 wedding rehearsal dinner in the upstairs room. So excited!!!We went for Philly Restaurant Week and we were first impressed by the amount of food offered for the promotion.  Everything was delicious!  We also ordered the grits, which weren't on the Restaurant Week menu, but were amazing. Our server was very attentive and was very accommodating to my dislike of 1 dish.  It was very easy to switch it out.  I definitely want to visit again.I've had some wonderful meals here and some just ok meals, but Little Lion is an institution in Old City and I hope everyone visits when it comes back - I know I will be there.This place really impressed me. First off I just love the building space and the decor. A really awesome folk-chic decor (is that a thing? Lol). I was with a group of 10 people who had gotten pushed out of our reservation at a nearby place and we walked in to LL on a Friday night during restaurant week with not much hope they could help us. Turns out they were phemoninally accommodating and squeezed us in upstairs (as long as we were out in time for their next big party reservation). Our server was great, the food was really unique, and we were relieved to be able to have our goodbye party. Fried green tomatoes are a must get! :) Thank you, Little Lion! I will indeed be back.Great southern comfort food for brunch. Coffee was good. Service was excellent!Husband and I stopped in for brunch on Saturday morning and we were seated right away. Our waitress, Shannon, was friendly, attentive, and great with recommendations and menu questions. For example, "What's a benny?" is their most popular menu question. Answer: it's short for benedict, as in eggs benedict, and Little Lion offers several varieties! I had the quiche and took Shannon up on her sweet potato fries suggestion. The portion was generous, with two slices of quiche, and the perfect amount of fries and salad to balance. Hubs had the Lion's Breakfast, with two perfectly prepared eggs, bacon, and potatoes. To drink, we enjoyed the blueberry mimosas. Tasty! Several of their brunch cocktails include fruit shrubs (google it, and then make some!) and the blueberry mimosa was AMAZING with it. We'll definitely be back!Seated us outside and forgot about us for a good 25 minutes. There was also a strand of hair in the fried chicken.Hard to rate. Good drinks at the bar and friendly wait staff. Seated for dinner the mistakes began:
1) brought iced coffee instead of tea
2) not a mistake, but Cabernet ordered was Undrinkable
3) very long wait for 3 burgers, all over cooked 
4) pimento cheese asked to be left off one burger was on it
On the plus side, the manager took back the Cabernets and gave us a requested taste of the Malbec before we accepted it. 
Burgers were good meat.
Pickled onions on burgers really good ( I have a thing for pickled onions ). 
Fries reportedly very good. 
All very respectful of our food allergy issues. 
Manager made good on our complaints.Kale pesto pizza (added with chicken, no cheese) was great! The portion was huge (yesssss). The orecchiette pasta was a bit lacking in flavor, so you have to dip it well in the pesto sauce (which was deliciously salty and garlicky). The chicken was succulent, the kale crispy and balanced out well with the heavier pasta, and the cauliflower outstanding, simply outstanding. My friend enjoyed her short rib. Another friend has come here for brunch and enjoyed her short rib (with hash) too. 
The place is quite spacious and simple but also elegant and clean-cut. It feels modern but also old-fashioned with some nice historical touches. "Little lion" is the nickname of Alexander Hamilton, and one wall has a silhouette profile of the man and a sign with two old-fashioned pistols (most likely representing the famous duel). That pistol sign was a really cool touch to the place. Oh and the architecture - high, classical, white arches - was amazing, really adds to the historical feel of the place. Great service, food, ambience, and location, right in smack of Old City.Delicious. Not your everyday usual hamburger or sandwich for lunch. All entree were a little different and very tasty. Definitely would go back if I'm in Philly again.Went to this place that we found in our way. 
My husband liked his sandwich but I didn't like my salad. 
The lettuce was not fresh, probably few days old. 
But the place is big and nice. Friendly staff.I've been wanting to try this place since it opened, and I was not disappointed!  My boyfriend and I came here for restaurant week. The 4-course meal had full sized portions (everyone at the restaurant was taking boxes home), the service was wonderful despite the restaurant being full, and the food and drinks were delicious. 
My boyfriend ordered a steak for his entree, and it was the juiciest most perfectly cooked bite of steak I think I've ever had. I ordered the blackened catfish and it was wonderful. It came with grits and some veggies (they were just ok).  The espresso crème brûlée for dessert was light and had a lovely hint of espresso without being overwhelming. My boyfriend had the cheesecake and it was very rich, but good. 
The cocktail list is inspired. My bf's lemon fizz was yummy, and my lavender drop was out of this world. Can't wait to go back!I went here a few weeks ago and it was very very busy. That didn't slow anything down though. We had an amazing server called Andrienne or something (can't remember exactly), she was so so lovely and very onto it. A friend and I got three meals to share. We had the burger, the smoked wings and the short rib. They were all delicious!!! But I would definitely recommend the short ribStopped by for brunch over the holiday weekend and walked away with a very positive experience.
The structure of the restaurant itself is beautiful and set up well. We ate upstairs, which I was happy about because it seemed to be surprisingly cooler than downstairs during this very hot weekend. Additionally, there was a bar, tvs (great picture) and it was a little quieter. 
We ordered small plates to snack on before ordering while sipping on some drinks. Half of the party started with fried green tomato (only comes with 2) while the other half had the sticky bun - both highly recommended. The raspberry sangria was  the favorite cocktail of the morning.
While moving onto our meal, our waitress was also acting as the bartender and therefore seemed distracted even though our table was right in front of her. She asked for our order without giving us the specials, which we thankfully overheard from another table. We asked for her to repeat them again and we are so happy she did. One special this weekend was a fried soft shell crab eggs benedict- of the party of 4, three of us ordered this dish. No one of us were disappointed. It could have used a little more hollandaise sauce but it was a very generous portion with a side of home fries that none of us could really even eat by the time we were finished with our eggs (although upon tasting, they did have a little kick). The last member of the party got the short rib hash which was also polished off.
I would definitely come back here for the food and pleasant experience and atmosphere, despite the slightly slow service.I love the fried chicken here! its finger licking good. The breading is so crispy & delicious,and they give you honey to drizzle on it! Try to save room for dessert too because the chocolate mousse is outstanding.Loved the new place for brunch, but my preference would prefer the dishes to be less oily. Slightly on the heavier side, but great for comfort. 
Pros: 
- Interior, ambiance, and aesthetic 
- Brussel Sprouts with bacon/pork
- Mac and Cheese 
Improvements:
- Service: took 30-40 minutes, rarely checked up on usSuper disappointed that another southern style place opened that totally sucks. The service was weak, and at times just rude. The food was under seasoned over cooked and mostly tasteless.  Not worth it at allThe butter lettuce, apple, pear salad is amazing! It had dried figs and some sort of bacon vinaigrette. I asked to swap the Stilton cheese for another type of cheese and the waitress was very accommodating.Ordered the ribs and pesto pasta and both were delicious! The ribs were big and tender and the sauce was sweet and a little spicy. The cole slaw that came with the ribs was the perfect pallette cleanser. My only minor complaint was that the fries weren't crispy,  but they were well seasoned and still tasty. I was skeptical of the pesto because it was kale,  but it was herbaceous and the ricotta cheese was a great addition. The decor here is super modern and cute. Happy Hour deals on some drinks and apps were good.I love the Burgers. Great food and great atmosphere. One of the best places in Olde City to have a drink. Nice outdoor seating too.I should start by saying, we only had small plates, so a full entree review would be better, and we would definitely try this place again.  The place is really nice inside and casual.  Our service was great and it was not crowded when we went early on a Saturday, as we had a show to catch.  We split a salad, cheese and charcuterie board and the pimento cheese.  All of them we re good, but the pimento cheese was really spicy.  They claim to be a restaurant with "Southern" food and I can tell you that I have eaten a lot of pimento cheese (caviar of the South) and never had any this spicy.  With that said, we were offered more bread with it, which is always nice.  The cheese and meat selection on the board was good, but not spectacular.  We will go back and try an entree, and I will update the review when we do.Great service/ Staff I really enjoyed my experience at the little lion ! I went for brunch with my partner and we enjoyed the eclectic very relaxed environment. 
The menu and drinks were very unique as well. I ordered the sweet potato fries as an appetizer (AMAZING)for the entree Lions Breakfast and it came with eggs (any style) with ham, home style potatoes and multigrain bread with - tangy jelly ! 
My partner ordered the chicken on a biscuit covered with sausage breakfast gravy (very good) it came with a side of home potatoes as well.
Definitely recommend this place!Hate to do this, but someone needs to be aware of the lackluster service. My wife & I took a hooky day to hang out together, plus...who wants to go to work on the Monday after vacation?! We chose to start our day at Little Lion. Upon arrival, there were 6-8 people waiting at the host table. After a few minutes, they all turned around & left. This led me to the realization that there was no host!! We waited patiently for an additional 7-8 minutes, as staff walked by us, stood around, but never acknowledged us. As we turned to leave, someone came from behind the bar to seat us. By this time, yelp had already led us to another nearby destination. Any empty host station can't be good for business...Great place in the heart of a historic site. Great food, huge selection of liquor, wines and of course beer. The bartenders actually make drinks and know what they are doing. Dan (bartender) was on top of everything going on and friendly as well.When I'm in the City, this is my go to spot. Always good food, no matter what I've ordered. And an excellent selection of beers on draft as well. The short rib is delicious. The kale Caesar is great. The burger is spot on, as is the slaw it comes with. I've eaten here minimum ten times and each one has been positive. The staff is attentive, the place itself is really cool, and management seems on top of everything. Price is right too. Highly
Recommend.I have to say the only thing I enjoyed was the drinks . The food was cold and underwhelming. The service was slow and the decor isn't inviting . We will not be back to the little Lion with all the great restaurants in Philadelphia . I suggest you step it up .This place is so gooood. Fried chicken needs some seasoning but the catfish was amazing!I'm torn about this place. The building they renovated is gorgeous, built in the mid-1800s. The food was good but similar to most brunch places in the city. The service, however, was terrible. When we wereseated the place was pretty empty. It filled up after we had places our order but we were forgotten about by both the kitchen and our server. People who were seates after we ORDERED got their food before us, some had paid and left as well. They must be understaffed. When our food came out over an hour later they forgot the small plates we had ordered. Since we were so hungry by that point we agreed to wait for them to come out. We did receive these small plates on-the-house but I'm not sure it made up for being forgotten about!The batter in the hotcake appeared and tasted raw.  Mind you, the fried chicken is accompanied by a gratuitous hotcake.  When we alerted the server of the unsavory discrepancy, he acknowledged this was unacceptable and told us he would alert the kitchen.  Upon returning from the kitchen, he informed us that the manager was too busy to address the issue and the liquified center of the pancake was actually comprised of either cream cheese or sour cream(?).  Well I'm certainly too busy to waste my time at restaurants like this one.  If you want solid Gastropub fare that isn't overly-charred, poorly described on the menu, overpriced or seemingly undercooked, there are far superior options in the area.  I do give props to our server who worked hard and treated us well.Every time I walk into this place I am greeted by the friendly hostesses. No matter how busy they seem to be I am seated efficiently and greeted again by my amiable server. 
The food is great. I love the Fried Green Tomatoes which are served with a tomato bacon jam and pimento cheese. I love how the green tomatoes are super crunchy and the bacon jam adds a little sweetness to contrast the acidity in the tomatoes. 
I also love their cheese board. They constantly change the items offered on it so it's like a new experience every time I go. The oyster menu changes often too. I've tried Blue Points, Welfleets, and Raspberry Points. I love east coast oysters.
Great job Little Lion crew. I can't wait until you reopen your doors and roar again!Came here for a friends birthday dinner and I was really skeptical because we came in the first few weeks they opened. I try not to go anywhere that has been opened in under a month because I feel that gives them time to work out the kinks but alas it was her birthday so I gladly obliged. We went on a Saturday around 8pm. The place was bustling but in a good way. You walked in and felt good vibes. We came in the back door by the oyster bar. Let's start with the building. I am architecture and design nerd and I was in love. The design of this place is gorgeous, rustic, minimal, pops of color here and there. Whoever designed it did a great job of keeping the old and adding a understated but modern twist. Essentially, there are three main parts to the restaurant. The oyster bar in the back, the main dining room (bar is between oyster bar and main dining room), and the upstairs dining room with the bar. When we sat down our waitress came to us, asked us for our drink order, then told us a little about the menu. She said I have bad news, the kitchen ran out of fried chicken. If you could see the look of disappointment on our faces because 3 of the 4 people in our party were ordering the fried chicken. She took our drink orders and said she would be back. As we sulked and tried to figure out our next ordering move, we were all dazed and confused because we were set on the fried chicken. What are we going to do? It really was a debacle, lol.
Well the waitress came back to the table and said I have some good news, the kitchen has more chicken. Well thank the Chicken Gods for shining down on us. When I tell you we all were happy, we were ecstatic. That was the first star for superior customer service. They could have easily said, we are out and left it at that. But they didn't. We proceeded to order. The order of the table went like this, 2 Kale Caesar salads, 1 celery root soup, 1 fried oysters order, 3 orders of the fried chicken plate, and 1 catfish plate. 
The salads looked nice but the two people that got them complained that they were salty. My fried oyster, which were fried in cornmeal were fried great but they batter had no seasoning, they actually needed salt and I'm not a salt person. The celery root soup received a thumbs up. Now onto the chicken. They give you a complete half chicken, which is a very generous portion. The chicken is fried to a deep golden brown and served atop this jalapeno and some type of cheese pancake, with a side of honey and homemade hot sauce. They chicken has to be double breaded because there were layers to the breading, so much so I took most of it off to get to the meat. And I love breading, but after the first chicken leg I ate, the breading was becoming cumbersome but nonetheless good. The chicken was moist and flavored to perfection. It's a really good fried chicken overall. Now that pancake left everything to be desired. It was boring and bland and served no point. I get it for being creative but it needed a lot and I MEAN A LOT OF HELP, so much so they shouldn't serve it because it does nothing for the dish. I would suggest they revamp it, replace it, or erase it from the dish completely. The chicken is clearly the star, even with all the breading which is really crunchy and flavorful like it should be. 
I tasted the catfish and that was really good. 
We had dessert which consisted of sorbet, the mud pie thing, and the pecan cheesecake. The pecan cheesecake was more of a pecan pie with a little cheesecake. I wasn't  amazed by it. The mud pie was really good. Very rich in flavor. My friend said that her blood orange sorbet was great.
Service was top notch. Our waitress was really good and the wait staff in general were great. 
They have very minor kinks to work out but it's really worth a trip. The ambience, atmosphere, good food, and good vibes that place emits are worthy of a visit.Beautifully designed, amazing cocktails, knowledgable bar staff, delicious food... All around this place is killer.My friend and I came on a Thursday night...the place was empty, but sadly, the bar(not very big) was full so we got a table. The service was fine. The menu was very limited so I got a carrot salad...it was ok but literally just different carrots- not exactly exciting. We both agreed that we won't be running back. Not sure why this place keeps winning awards!?The restaurant is really nice based in Olde City. Staff and waiter was super cool. We had Green Fried Tomatoes which were a 10! The Kale Caesar Salad was a 5, it was rather dry. We ordered the burger which was big enough to split which they had no problem doing, unfortunately it was so under cooked it was bleeding on my hand. I would give the burger a 2. Waiter again was outstanding. My last recommendation hopefully staff will read this is that the bathrooms were absolutely disgusting and gross. They need a full time person taking care of them.. trash on the floor, water everywhere. The bathroom in a restaurant says a lot! I would go back for small plates and drinks...Came here for brunch 
Drinks were good 
Fried green tomatoes - tomatoes were hard and not tasty
Macaroni - was cold and watery 
BBQ chicken sliders - only hot thing, again not that great, came with 3 and only had 1.
Very disappointing.Final breakfast in Philly and this was just a stone's throw from our hotel so we gave it a shot.  All the tables were scrunched together (maybe to help with the stretched-thin-staff?) so it wasn't much fun to be sandwiched between a large table of celebrating new nurses and then screaming kids on the other side.  We all went with the continental option and while nothing was bad - nothing got raves reviews except the Mrs' omelette.  
I don't know what hoecakes or corn cakes are but most of the offerings were super dry (I guess you need to slather on a lot of butter and syrup but that's not how I roll).
Not cheap and spotty service (they were friendly but hard to track down) would keep us away from a return visit in the future.After visiting Boston and New York, we finally stumbled on the best food of our holiday at The Little Lion. Freshness, flavor and friendly staff made us come back for a second try after eating here once. Just too much on the menu that looked good to be satisfied in one meal. Fried Oysters, St. Louis ribs, smoked wings, Jambalaya. We have to go back again to try the Shrimp and Grits. Ample portions! Not for folks who like bland food, that's for sure. Don't miss it if you like food full of flavor with a Southern tiltOn a whim, my friends asked me if I wanted to join them for Restaurant Week dinner here.  At the time it was nearly 10pm and I had already ate dinner hours earlier but I accepted the invite. I prefaced by saying that I would "only eat something small, maybe dessert." Yeah, that failed.
We arrived to a little corner restaurant with three menus posted outside for brunch, lunch and dinner. The prices were very reasonable for a Restaurant Week restaurant. The menu items were very appetizing too - I can see how it could be packed during the day. 
Inside was a bit too dark for me, but it was late night on a Wednesday so I didn't expect too much brightness. The bathroom was in an odd place and could easily be missed. Going there, it almost seems like you're headed to the kitchen, but make a sharp right and the single serve bathroom is there. 
The Food:
The food was amazing!!  I didn't order the full Restaurant Week menu, but I sampled some of my friends' items like that awesome apple pear salad with cornbread croutons and maple cranberry vinaigrette and the yummy Farmer's Cheese charcuterie app with that amazing mix of honey peach preserves, ricotta cheese, and toasted bread. 
So the pressure was on. I wanted more! I decided to order off of their late night menu and got a Lion Burger which came with an ample amount of just-right-and-crispy fries. The burger was done to my liking (well-done) and was super tasty with the right amount of flavor and not much grease. Though, WHAT HAPPENED TO MY LIGHT FARE?? Lol!! It flew out the window, especially when I got the crème brulée for dessert. Perfectly caramelized. Yum.
I would definitely come back here during the day. Nice little gem found in Old City.I came here on a Saturday night around 7 without a reservation. We were seated within a few minutes. We had great service, our waitress Shannon was so friendly and gave great recommendations. I ordered the fried chicken (yum), my mom had the butter lettuce pear and apple salad, and my dad had the shrimp and grits. I highly recommend the macaroni and cheese starter. We were very impressed with the Little Lion. The atmosphere was so fun and warm. Such a great find!!This place is so amazing!  So happy the empty haru place is finally something and not douchey! I used to live in old city and this is the best excuse to come back this way! The fried chicken and kale salad was awesome! Can't wait to try other items! Being from the south this is just what I need in Philly!! Our waiter (Harry) was so great! Definitely recommend if you come! Another man helped us as well, Todd, also amazing! And to the chef, if you are reading this- please bring back the okra!!! You will have my heart forever ! We will definitely be back!Had a very excellent dinner with a fine server. It's not fancy and can be a bit noisy, depending on other customers, but that did NOT lessen our experience. Salad, appetizers, main course, dessert...all yummy!!   I'll be going back to The Little Lion soon.The service was very good. We only waited a little bit for food and they comped a round of drinks.  The celery soup is great so is the apple whisky cocktail.As my first and only brunch stop while visiting Philly, The Little Lion roared my heart out. 
Pros:
- Chic brunch place located in the heart of old city, Great location with amazing decor, what else can you ask for?
- Food was outstanding, I had HOEcake for the obvious reason and it was POPPING!!!
- Service was efficient and greeted us with warm smiles 
Cons:
- If you don't have an reservation, you might face a long waitFantastic restaurant. We recently tried the mac'n cheese, fried green tomatoes, blackened catfish, shrimp and grits, sliders, fried chicken, and several of the cocktails. All were fantastic. I stuck mainly to their selection of small plates. The mac'n cheese has this really nice smokey flavor and comes out in a little cast iron skillet with a tomato jam on top. The fried green tomatoes had this amazing thick breading on them -- very tasty. The pimento cheese sauce that they're served on top of is amazing. I WANT MORE. The "mud jar" for dessert was really rich and chocolately and delicious. 
Cocktails were equally good and well balanced. The ginger based one was my favorite. I had a chance to try their cold brew iced coffee which is served on a nitro tap. It was good even in January! They also serve lattes and sangria on their tap system, along with a bunch of craft beers. Overall a great experience, and not too pricey. We'll be back ASAP! 
(For a less formal option...they have a bar on the main floor, and also a second floor bar that was really comfy with TVs and awesome bartenders)Walked in with a group of 6 on a Saturday; we were seated right away.  Service was prompt throughout the night, with entrees arriving before we'd quite finished the cheese board.  Decent selection of beers; simple but well-prepared (if not very healthy) food; really cool building with neat decor.  Our waitress was friendly and the bill was reasonable.  My main complaint is the paucity of vegetables on the menu, but I can't expect too much in that department from a "comfort food" restaurant.  Pasta with kale pesto was very tasty and satisfying.  My favorite part of the experience was watching my friend consume an entire fried half-chicken (it was a BIG half-chicken).  I'll probably be back.I love the vibe here ! It has a casual vibe that is very authentic to Old City. So my fiancé and I shared everything. We got the Mac and cheese (no tomatoes) and smoked wings to start. The Mac and cheese was sooo good!!!! The ribs are really good as well but know that they are (1) dry rubbed so they have no sauce on them - great flavor just on the dryer side & (2) the full chicken wing (leg and wing). For our entrees we split the burger and the St. Louis. Ribs...the burger was excellent but the ribs not so much. The rub and sauce was so delicious - like truly great flavoring - but the ribs themselves were very fatty (I wouldn't order them again)....their sweet potato fries and regular fries were really good & are made in house! ...note to self: the fried chicken looks amazing, but is big enough for 2. For beverages, he got the bells brown ale and liked it (they also have flights - 4 beers for $12 for those who want to try a little bit of everything) and I got the grapefruit Paloma and strawberry basil soda (non-virgin). Both were awesome! The grapefruit is fresh squeezed and the strawberry drink had pieces of strawberries in it which I love (it is served virgin but could have alcohol added - I'd recommend vodka or rum)...if I were to come back I'd just order a bit differently, but definitely worth a try!Such a great experience! My boyfriend and I came out for a Friday happy hour and landed here. So glad we did. Great happy hour and our server was beyond nice! We will be back! Oh not to mention the burger and all the food we had was delicious :)Brunch in an interesting old house
While visiting old town area of Philly, the environment is very good and cozy.  
The food, it is ok... A southern touch with traditional brunch choice of egg Benedict. Fried green tomatoes were nice and so were the Mac and Cheese.  The rest of the dishes were not memorable.
Over all a nice place to stop by for a bit, but does not have great food.Better late than never - had brunch here at the end of the summer after dropping off the college student for the fall semester. I'd heard a lot of good things and the food, while good, was not special. I had the brussel sprouts (excellent) and the classic benny (disappointing). The hollandaise separated and the eggs were over done. The potatoes were delicious though. My husband had the short rib hash which he liked quite a bit but his eggs were also over cooked. Poached eggs should not be hard!  My waiter was polite and efficient but probably had a couple of tables too many. The food was a little slow coming but the opportunity to drink a second bloody mary made up for it. lol.  Overall, somewhat indifferent but willing to give it another try in the future.Stopped in here for brunch today with a friend. Made reservations, so definitely no wait. Although when we got there there were plenty of seats , which was at 10:30 a.m. Once we were sat, it only took a couple of minutes for the server to come over. She introduced herself and took our drink order. The server, Maris?, was very nice, but I think she had a lot of tables, so it began slowing service. I tried Fried Green Tomatoes, which I thought were very tasty and they came out very quickly. For the main course we had the daily special, which was crab cakes eggs benedict. The presentation was great, but the food was lukewarm when it got to our table. We also had the short rib hash, which was served in a mini skillet. The food was warm, but just barely. It explains why it took so long to get our main course, it was sitting in the kitchen. We didn't tell the server and just continued eating. The flavor on both dishes was very good. I really enjoyed the cheese sauce that was on the potatoes for the short rib dish. The crab cakes were of very good quality and the hoecake underneath was delicious. I really believe that the food would have tasted better if it were hot. That being said this is definitely a good place to go for brunch. I give it three stars because of the cold food and the slow service. I'm sure this will be corrected and is just a one off experience.Trying to like this place. Like the menu. Been there twice for brunch and both times the food came out cold. Should have sent it back I guess. I'll try one more time.Stopped in for a drink last weekend and if I hadn't been on my way for a cheesesteak I would have loved to try brunch!  I walked up to the back bar and was intrigued by all of the sweet ingredients lined up.  Graham crackers, chocolate, mini hoecakes, etc.  I asked the barista what they were for and she handed me the menu with the dessert like coffee drinks.  I was intrigued but wanted a bit of alcohol and she told me that some people will spike them.
Problem solved! I had a chocolate chip cookie dough latte with vanilla vodka. OH. MY. GOD.  It was heaven.  I don't eat whipped cream really, but this was out of this world.  I took my time with the latte and have every last drop.  Absolutely delicious and cannot wait to go back again and partake in the whole brunch experience!Great food; get in by gaming the "reservation recommended" system!
We stopped in here for a lunch after the March for Science. We were looking for something that was good and nearby after walking 2+ miles. We walked in drenched, but were told without a reservation the wait would be 1hr. While I looked for another option, someone in our group made a reservation on his phone. Presto-chango: our wait was now 10 minutes! Saturday at 1pm it was very busy and loud. We were seated upstairs, where it was still loud and warm (wear layers to stay cool). 
We ordered so many things, and everyone left happy with no complaints. The red velvet french toast was decadent with lots of cream cheese. Get the buffalo chicken biscuits with the gravy on the side to eat as a sandwich. The short rib hash came with lots of moist short rib. The pecan sticky bun was huge and warm. The omelet was also huge and had rich cheese in the middle. A "side" lion salad was a healthy portion and light with the pineapple vinaigrette. They also have good cold brew served in mason mugs. 
The staff were friendly and seemed to handle the crazy busyness very well. 
Next time: I'll try a benny (short for benedict) with one of their brunch drinks.This place is great! The food was delicious and the service was on point. I imagine it will only get better as they settle into their flow. Plus, the space is beautiful!Thanksgiving lunch..good news, pleasant service and welcoming. Short ribs excellent, cheese grits too. But at $60 a person I'd expect more than srewey banked ham with some type of weird gooey coating, God awful cheese cake...return for main menu...Zak the bartender is awesome! He made me the best watermelon margarita and honored the price that was listed online for old city eats even though he didn't know about it. Everything is delicious here. Highly recommend it!I was excited to try the little lion with my friends as we love venturing throughout philly for brunch. We came across this joint from seeing a post on Philadelphia foodie about their buffalo chicken and biscuits (biscuits and gravy style) as well as their long list of "Benny's" (aka eggs Benedict). We had a party of 9 and they were able to accommodate us without a problem on a Sunday afternoon which was great. Our waitress was full of pep and very sweet. My friends and I started off with the cheese board which was definitely worth it. The toast they serve was so yummy and perfectly crunchy.  They served three cheeses along with two jams and honeycombs with a side of fresh sliced fruit. It was great! And shareable with about four people. My friend and I shared the chicken and biscuits as well as the fries green tomato Benny. Both of these dishes were very good. The reason I would not give five stars is because it took abnormally long for us to actually get the check after they cleared our tables. I would definitely recommend this to fellow foodies who want to try something new.Awesome food and drinks! The Short Ribs hash was delicious and so was the farmers omelet. Drinks wise the blueberry mimosa and the Irish coffee are a must have for brunch. Lions breakfast was pretty good too. We loved this place. The service was really fast and it located in a lovely location that adds to the experience. We will definitely be coming back to this place.SERVICE: 1 Star  FOOD: 5+ Stars
(I debated between giving a three star review, because the service was horrible but the FOOD WAS PHENOMENAL!!!)
We had the blackened catfish, mac & cheese, fried oysters, the lion burger, and a few of the cocktails...my only regret is that we couldn't order everything on the menu!!!
MY ADVICE: Beware of the error prone, chatty waiter working in the back bar area!  
THE STORY: My husband and son surprised me and took me to The Little Lion for the first time during Mother's Day weekend. We went on Saturday afternoon to avoid the crowds on Mother's Day Sunday. We requested a booth in our reservation, so we were seated in the back oyster bar area (which was perfect because the front area is crowded and noisy, but a good time if you're out with friends). 
It took our server about 10 or 15 minutes to even come by to greet us.  When he finally did come by, he gave us a very long (and unsolicited) story explaining why he was working in the back area, which is noticeably slower in terms of tips and patrons than the front area of the restaurant... all of which he pointed out during his story. When he finally walked away 10 minutes later, we realized he never even asked what we wanted to order in terms of drinks or appetizers! 
We ultimately flagged him down after waiting patiently for another 15 minutes and decided to give him the order for drinks, appetizers, and for our meals at the same time (because it was obvious he missed the part about serving the people seated in his section). He explicitly  indicated that he would put the appetizers in so that they would come out first. 
We waited for 20 minutes before flagging him down just for the drinks. During that time we were able to over hear the booth behind us going over their check with him and the errors on it (and him knowledge that he forgot to take something off that he messed up on when he put the order in).  The booth in front of us had to go get him just to get their check and were noticeably annoyed. So at the end of the day all of the booths that he waited on that afternoon had issues! 
Our drinks and our meals came out before the appetizers! We decided to go ahead and start eating our meals (thinking he'd stop by and acknowledge the error and bring out our appetizers). He passed our table at least three times (looking down at our meals), but never stopping to knowledge that our appetizers never came out or even to ask if we needed anything.  Instead we watched him chatting it up with patrons seated at the actual bar.
When we were almost done with our meal, we flagged him down and requested that he bring out another glass of water for my husband "when he brings the appetizers" (just a jar his memory that we never got them). At that point he knowledged that he completely forgot to put the appetizer order in (even though he wrote them down on his notepad before he even wrote down our meals). We ultimately asked him to bring our appetizers along with the check.
So our server aside, the atmosphere and food actually make this one of my "new" favorite restaurants in the city, but we will request to be seated elsewhere if we get the same waiter again! He alone is a huge thumbs down for a great restaurant.Amazing- pork chop was out of this world, as was fried chicken, mac and cheese and everything else!I love the space, it's very open and interesting without being too chaotic and loud. I went for an early happy hour with a group of coworkers and they seated us quickly and all together. We ordered a mix of food and drinks off the regular menu and happy hour menu. They did a fantastic job remembering things and keeping up with orders and the checks were accurate at the end.
The Southern Poutine sounded great but having a fried egg on top of fries proved difficult to handle. A lot of their food seemed to be a great idea on paper but difficult to handle in real life. They dropped off a stack of sharing plates but it was pretty awkward and cumbersome to evenly split meals to share. I feel like we ended up mangling a lot of the food instead of sharing nice bits and portions of it.
Their Raspberry Sangria is delicious but the glasses seem a little smaller than other places around the city (like Gaslight). Their cocktails seem to range from sweet to sweeter.The service here was top notch. Server was quick, knowledgeable, and friendly. I had the Lions Tea for a cocktail and it was hands down one of the best bourbon drinks i've ever had, worth every penny. The pork chop was delicious, my only complaint was the sides were very small..but in the grand scheme of things that doesn't really matter. The high ceilings are beautiful and the atmosphere was great as well.The food was awesome our waiter Todd was great the service was magnificent I would definitely go there again I had the prime rib so succulent, the grilled oysters were out of this world, my wife had kale ceasar salad, kale pesto pasta so good, the dessert was so scrumptious. I would definitely recommend going there the drinks were really goodService: 5 stars
Setting: 3 stars
Staff: 4 stars
Food: 4 stars
Restroom: 1 star
Note:  Would suggest purchasing new wine glasses.
You can easily walk pass this place if you don't pay attention.  Watch your step upon entering and exiting the restaurant.  Interior is narrow and the lighting borders dim. Whoops! 
The farmer's cheese has a consistency of ricotta cheese and when combined with the peach preserves becomes addicted.  I could snack on this all day. Yum! 
Being raised in the New England area I was skeptical about their fried oysters.  Right off, I loved the heavy crust on the oysters as well as the seasoning.  I nearly lost my mind dipping it into the sauce. I wanted to order another plate to go. 
My BFF had the Blackend Fish dinner and I had the Shrimp with Grits.  Both were equally tasty and satisfying.  Although I prefer my grits to be of a thicker consistency, the creamy texture went well with the shrimp.  The Blackened Fish was seasoned just right and not overly salty as I usually find it to be.
I will certainly revisit in the near future.Stopped in for a late lunch/early dinner. Everything was delicious. Drinks were ok - ordered an old fashioned (not on the drink list) and it was very sweet.
Rec:
Fried Green Tomatoes
Ham & Pimento
Fried chickenI decided to try Little Lion for a girls' brunch. We ordered grits/Mac&cheese/lion salad/farmer's omelette/French toast/sticky bun. The food was average but the service was terrible! We waited for an hour in between courses with no explanation. My friend ordered coffee and it took 20 minutes but they didn't bring the sugar/cream. Our waiter literally was no where to be found during most of the meal.Terrible service. The orders were all messed up and one member of the party wasn't served for 45 minutes and when they brought his food, it was wrong. The staff claimed the kitchen was busy but the restaurant was mostly empty. No one was happy with their meal. The salads had barely any dressing and no toppings. The sweet potato fries were soggy. The portions were also small. I would not recommend this place.Wow - amazing grub and the service was fantastic. Our server was a little too attentive in fact. 
We tried the poutine over fresh cut fries, the smoky wings (which had a really nice after heat to them), chicken thigh sliders and finally, the Philly cheesesteak. This was BY FAR the best rendition yet on the trip with really great flavors. The mushrooms and cheese really set it apart.Great location - across the street from the Museum of the American Revolution. The Restaurant was very busy when we arrived for Lin ch, but they accommodated us fairly quickly.
Good food and friendly service.Get the buffalo chicken biscuit!  Drinks and service are great as well.
Was very crowded when we got there but were quickly given a seat at the chef's bar by the lovely hostess.  
The server was definitely busy but very apologetic and still managed to provide great service.  He gave us some awesome recommendations.  Among them were a lovely whisky/watermelon cocktail that was perfect for brunch on a warm day.  I wasn't in love with the kale salad but both my boyfriend and I loved the buffalo chicken biscuit - delicious and unique.  Definitely worth a try!This is the first review I ever given; and it's sad to say it will be a horrible review.  Someone being in the customer service business or ppl business ; I can empathize with ppl in the service business.  I understand every body can have a bad day but tonight was just inexcusable.  I originally was met by a very personable hostess, who sat my girl friend's mother, her, and I down by an open window.  Even though it was nice outside, she mentioned she would close the window if it made us uncomfortable.  We informed her, "if it gets cold we would let her know."  She brought us menus and water within two minutes.  Decor was great; atmosphere was nice, it seemed like everybody was enjoying a Mother's Day dinner.  Than our waitor showed up about 10 minutes later or so.  We order two cocktails and a beer.  It took him roughly 15 minutes for the drinks to come. We were seated around 6:45; so now it's about 7:15 when we were ordering our appetizer, how ever he took so long with our drinks we had enough time to decide on our entree's too.  At this time I informed the waitor I drink pretty fast simply because he took so long.  I figure I order it now and get my drink 15 minutes from now.  He was like I understand I'm Scottish I'll go ahead and put the drink in (his words not mine). So 15 minutes go by and I have an empty cup;  I literally see him walk by and stop make eye contact with my cup acknowledging it was empty.  So I'm thinking to my self.  Ok, he had to have seen it; don't say anything (I didn't want to be that impatient guy, you know). Sure enough 5 minutes later he walks by me again and I'm like " hey bud, can I get that beer."   He than try to feed me some line that " he put the order in but it takes a while for the bar to get it ready". This is a BOTTLED BEER where the bar is literally 20 ft from me.  So i watch him go to the bar; ask the bartender for the hieniken. the bartenders pulls it right out and pops the cap.  He than than has the beer to my table in less than two minutes.  Now I'm feeling a little uncomfortable; because I can tell he just forgot. Whatever though; I'm thinking maybe he'll use this opportunity to step up his game recognizing the fact that he totally forgot and he needs to tighten up a bit.   At this point my girlfriend and her mother both order their next drink.  I also asked the waitor if he could close the window.  He informs us sure he can.  10 minutes later he brings out my girl friends mom 's drink. Doesn't bring out my girl friends drink.  Ten minutes go by; the window is still open so I asked the hostess if she could close the window she does it immediately.  I finish my next drink at this point decide to go to the bathroom and start to think;  where the hell are our appetizers.  I look my watch and realize it's 7:50 and our appetizers aren't here.  So I call the hostess over because again I don't see the waitor.  I tell her we ordered appetizers at 715.  And it is 750 and our food isn't even here.  I also tell her he is taking way too long with the drinks and he didn't even bring out my girlfriends drink.  So she ask us what we wanted to drink and in two mins both drinks were right there.  Than the waitor comes and says will the tamatoes were frozen so that's why The appetizers were taking so long.  It was obvious he forgot to put them in.  So I informed him to forget about it and bring us our entrees because I didn't want those to be sitting in the kitchen getting cold while they started on our appetizers. Ten minutes later he brings us our entrees.  So now it's 8:00 and 8:05 and we are eating our entrees.  However we felt a little irate that we didn't get our appetizers and the drinks took so long. On top of that; we have a waiter insulting our intelligence by just Lieing to us.   So when the waitor asked us how everything was, I pretty much told him, "the food was good but your service was horrible." I know everyone has a bad day but dont lie to me; if you made a mistake own up to it.  He than apologized for Lieing and they gave us 19 off a 118 bill. You couldn't pay me 97 to go back there to eat!Yup it was brunch with a friend and it was awesome!  
So started with small plates -
1)Fried Green Tomatoes
Bacon Tomato Jam, Buttermilk Ranch, Pimento Cheese
This was so yummy!  great combination of flavors  Would completely want this whole mess on a big crusty roll for a sandwich.
2)Macaroni & Cheese
Stewed Tomatoes, Buttered Bread Crumbs
The stewed tomatoes do it.  I will do this from this point forward on all mac and cheese I make.  The acidic sweetness with the richness of the cheese....  Just delicious.
Entrees -
1)Lion's Breakfast
2 Eggs Any Style, Choice of Meat, Toast, Potatoes - my companion had this and i never had a taste, she stated the best eggs she ever had and even called over the server to ask how they were made.
2)Short Rib Hash
Potato, Wild Mushroom & Papadew Hash, IPA Cheese Sauce, Poached Egg - this was mine... ALL mine.  
Their cocktails are also lovely  I love the whole shrub craze that is going in. I am in and theirs are delicious.!!!Knowledgable servers with great customer awareness, this Old City tavern is bound to become a long standing staple of the local sceneNot a single complaint. The building is beautiful, the service is excellent, the food is AMAZING (for brunch get the cheese board, and the fried green tomato eggs Benedict) AND they take reservations. They always have unique specials, love it here :)We had just watched Jim Jarmusch's latest film Patterson at the Ritz at the Borse and needed a drink. 
Not that the movie was bad - the acting and cinematography was superb. But we needed a place to talk it through. 
A quick look at my Yelp app suggested The Little Lion. I'm glad it did.
We sat downstairs - a wonderful space with large windows allowing for sunlight to enter in, deep wood molding and a nice but not overdone shout out to its location in the historical section with the  mounted items on the wall : swords crossed, a flag and pistols. 
Our waiter Ian was excellent. He quickly gave us our menus. He was there often to refill our water glasses, take away the plates, check in to see that all is well. This man is a pro.
We arrived during that twilight zone when brunch is ending and dinner is starting. We opted to wait 15 minutes to get dinner.
We started with Makers Mark old fashioned's - no club soda - both excellently done.
We then split the smoked chicken wings and fried green tomatoes appetizer. My lady loved the tomatoes - pimento cheese was outstanding and stewed tomatoes were delicious.
The wings were legit! 
Best smoked wings I've ever had around here. Plus, they were huge in size - the way they should be!
They almost approached the best smoked wing I've ever had - found at the Brew Kettle in Strongsville Ohio. Heavily charred in dry rub but moist and tasty inside - these surpass so many of the mediocre wings offered by other bars and restaurants.
We split the house salad - a massive portion of fresh lettuce, perfect light dressing, cukes,carrots, tomatoes, radishes - another hit!
For our main course, we split the shrimp and grits and the ribs.
My lady loved the  cheesy grits as well as the shrimp. The ribs were awesome - charred but done right. Their cole slaw and carrot slaw was great. The fries were very good as well. We took a bunch home.
The only reason I'm not giving this 5 stars is they did not have their signature dish of fried chicken available. It would have taken an hour and, while Patterson the film is about finding art and love in the routine and mundane, we weren't going to waste our time. The kitchen needs to have its menu ready to go when dinner starts  at 5- sorry - that's restaurant 101. At least, as far as your customers are concerned. 
Most definitely, we shall return to try the chicken, the Mac and cheese, the burger etc.
This was a great meal!We came here for brunch on a Saturday morning based on proximity to our Old City hotel.  We were surprised at how empty it was - there were many open tables at 10:00 AM.  We tried the buffalo chicken and biscuit and the hoecakes.  The buffalo chicken and biscuit was delicious and had great flavor.  The hoecakes were also good - there were 3 ENORMOUS hoecakes (seriously, the portion was enormous), although it was slightly strange that they arrived at the table with the honey/syrup pre-poured on the hoecakes, rather than allowing the diner to pour their desired amount (and prevent the other hoecakes from getting soggy).  Coffee was good but no refills were offered, despite the empty restaurant.Great service and food. Not inexpensive but the brunch menu was very unique. Very nice, open atmosphere. Short rib hash, velvet french toast, soft shelled crab benny, and more! If you want a unique meal in a great setting and don't mind spending a bit more, I highly recommend the Little Lion.Loved it.  Southern style food in PHL.  Ate here after exploring the city before the next day's business meetings.  Highly recommend, cool atmosphere, reasonable prices, and friendly staff.  Save room for the mud mug!We enjoyed our brunch today. My order was sent out wrong but the restaurant took meal off our bill and brought out right order. Coffee is delicious. We will be back again!! Oh and the grits was oh so yummyFantastic food and vibe. We are there on a Sunday evening and it wasn't crowded. The hostess and wait staff were very polite and friendly. Make sure you try the Brussels sprouts and the pimento cheese dip was amazing!Booked a reservation and we were seated as soon as we got there.  Service was good.  Each thing we ordered came out quickly.  We tried the sweet potato fries with molasses and powdered sugar which were good. Not the best sweet potato fries I've ever had but good.  We both ordered the fried chicken based on the positive reviews and the waitress' recommendation.  The entree portions were very large.  The two of us could've easily shared one fried chicken entree.  Both of us thought the fried chicken was just alright.  Not bad, not great.Loved the cheese plate! Service a little slow but pleasant wait staff. Would also have the burger again. 
really cool atmosphere within an old bank building!One of my new favorites! Came here last weekend for a girl's brunch and was not disappointed. I've heard about Little Lion, but this was my first time giving it a go. Located in Olde City, it was pretty busy so I def recommend making a rezzy.  We got a high top for 6 in the back of the restaurant. There's also outdoor seating (yes)! 
Our waitress was v friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. There were so many delicious options, but she let us know what was up and that allowed us to make the best decision.
The drinks are decadent and the presentation is unlike any other. I stuck with a regular iced latte, but my friends got the s'mores and cookie dough and pretzel drinks and they looked delicious. 
We split the red velvet French toast!!! Yum! So sweet and for my meal I got the buffalo chicken biscuit. It was SO good. It wasn't too spicy. If you love buff chick or biscuits or sausage gravy, GET IT! You will not be disappointed. 
I will definitely be back and I recommend you to give it a try!Nice spot in Old City for lunch. I met a friend here today for lunch and liked the location, service, food and decour. Both my friend and I ordered bacon burgers with fries and two beers. Nice selection of beer and lunch food. Waiter was super friendly and helpful. Prices were fair and I would definitely return.I highly recommend visiting this restaurant. Everything was amazing.. the food, cocktails, service, ambiance.. all perfect. Definitely try the catfish entree, tastiest thing I have ever eaten!I loved me some Little Lion brunch! Our server was especially helpful in recommending popular dishes as well as dishes that he typically enjoys. I definitely plan to come to this pseudo southern gem for the Happy Hour (currently drooling over the poutine). For brunch, I would recommend the Mac and Cheese, Red Velvet French Toast, and the Short Rib Hash.Since writing my first review, I have been back to The Little Lion twice for both breakfast and lunch. For lunch I tried the ribeye cheesesteak which was a huge sandwich packed with meat and melted cheese and served with a horseradish dipping sauce. Loved it & enjoyed my leftovers the next day which reheated well. 
For brunch I tried the fried green tomato Benedict with pimento cheese hollandaise. Though the brunch meal was good, the service was incredibly slow that time around. I will say the restaurant was packed when I went for brunch and pretty empty when I went for lunch and dinner. Overall I know that I can get a good meal here any time of day. Great dining option in old city!My review is for the lunch menu offering
Went with a friend. She ordered fried green tomatoes and the grits (they were out of the collards so they sub'd fried kale) and a glass of white wine. I had a bit of a harder time finding something as the lunch menu is limited to a small amount of sandwiches, sides and salads. While I pondered the waiter (very friendly and accommodating) brought me a sample of the draft cider. It was too light and sweet for me to get so I ordered an iced tea. They bring that with a simple syrup that turned out to be a good idea. The waiter then suggested I consider the special which as he described it sounded great. It was two pieces of dark or light meat chicken that was marinated in a very spicy prep and then fried up. Worked for me. I took that with the mac and cheese (tomatoes on the side).
Meal comes and I am surprised that the chicken, while fried, appears to have been covered in some kind of sticky sweet sauce. I detest wet fried chicken that is why I was careful to ask about the prep. The waiter apologized profusely as he realized he described the prep incorrectly. Fine I said if they will take that back and just give me the fried chicken without the syrup (or can put on the side and I'd try it for dipping) that would be great. Much to my surprise he said no. Honestly, I was not prepared for that reply so I confirmed that I still wanted the chicken just without the syrup. He said sorry but that is the only way that they are allowed to serve it. So wait let me see if I understand this; first you described a totally different preparation and now you're saying it cannot be done any differently than this?? Made no sense to me but he insisted that was it so I told him that's fine he can have it back. I moved to the mac and cheese and found it to be meh...the pasta used was really big and thick and the cheese already congealing due to the back and forth about the chicken. So I sipped my tea while my friend ate. She thought the fried tomatoes were good but the grits were too soupy. 
I doubt that I would give them another try. When the kitchen is that inflexible I am turned off. I am not dinning out to make someone else happy, I am doing it for moi.Love the look of this place, inside and out. Menu is small, simple and drinks are phenomenal. Solid brunch spot.Decent place for brunch.  First time here and took my soon to be 3 yrs old daughter.  
They did not have the sweet potatoes available (at 10am?!?).  We ordered the salmon eggs Benedict; red velvet  french toast and eggs & cheese.
Overall the food was ok; i think it is not young kids friendly; mostly an adult brunch spot.
The french toast were good if you have a sweet tooth.  The rest was meh including the orange jus and the chocolate milk... 
With that said; recommend it for adultsExcellent Meal, Fantastic Service - Thanks Phil!!
Brunch: We had the Classic Benny, The Special Cheesesteak with Poached Eggs, and 2 Farmers Cheese Omelets. 
We loved it all. I didn't sample it myself, but the Bloody Mary looked delish, nice and chunky. --Our server accommodated me with a special virgin/mocktail of lemon shrub, mint and soda water - perfectly refreshing on the hottest day. 
Everything I wanted from a Sunday brunch with old friends. 
Thanks!We ate at The Little Lion last week and I have to say the Server that we had was so nice. I think her name was Dianna. We tried the wings and a few other things on the menu. We defiantly will be back and ask for her again as she made the dinning experience such a pleasure.One of my favorite restaurants in Philly.
It's located in old city, so it has an old independence era vibe.
The short ribs and Pork chops are amazing.
The waiters are friendly and the service is quick.
I've heard that they have an amazing brunch menu which I haven't tried yet.Everything is excellent!   Fantastic burger!  Fried green tomato grilled cheese is a definite repeat order.  Did I mention the awesome drinks?Went for restaurant week and was surprised by the portions and the fact they had 4 courses. Everything was good but just something was missing. I wouldn't run back anytime soon. Wait staff was on point and everything came out in a timely manner. 
I will say though I was displeased with the ladies room. Most of the light bulbs were out and the doors to the restrooms were hanging off the hinges making none of the doors properly lock.Went here at 2:30 on  Saturday with my husband  and was NOT impressed. Walked into the restaurant and up to the hostess stand where approximately 8 waitstaff were huddled around just chatting. I had to break through the crowd to tell the hostess I had a reservation. Problem #1.  We were sat at a 2 top which was fine. The waiter was cheerful and informative and proceeded to fill up our water glasses. We both took a sip and the smell coming from the glass was like dirty dishwasher. Gross! My husband's beer glass had the same odor, i asked for two more waters because of the disgusting stench and the waiter was apologetic. Note to kitchen: try using dish detergent on your dishes!!  My Pinot Grigio pour was about 1/4 of a cup. Pathetic! We ordered the Fried green Tomatoes for our app which was  really tasty. Next up was the Kale Caeser salad. Don't bother. Super dry and bland! We split a burger which I ordered medium. It was pretty good except it was really under cooked. Went upstairs to the ladies room when we were finished. It was disgusting. i think it was worse than the Philadelphia Airport. Obviously someone wasn't doing their job of cleaning it. Water everywhere, paper towels overflowing from the trashcan. it was just gross! It needs a major makeover too. With all of the great restaurants in the area i would not go here again. I will be shocked if this place stays open!We love it here!  The food is delicious and it's in a great neighborhood for shopping and museums.  Definitely worth a try!  Don't miss out on the sweet potato fries.Just had dinner here with my best friend for restaurant week. Everything was great, and the restaurant week deal was definitely worth it. My friend and I both started with the beet salad, I think it was well balanced and we both cleared out plates of that. Second course I had the potato fondue and my friend had the fried green tomatoes. I'm vegetarian and our server noticed we might be sharing and put the bacon portion of her app on the side. Both appetizers were delicious and I'm not the biggest fan of tomatoes. It was cooked perfectly and the sauce that came with it was great. My potato appetizer was great through I wish more bread came with it to dip.
For the entrees I got the kale pesto pasta and my friend got the steak and mashed potatoes. My friend finished all her food which looked great. My meal was tasty as well with pieces of cauliflower and crispy kale on top. I ate half and saved the rest for later as I was waiting for dessert. For dessert we both got mud jars which consisted of cream, crushed oreos and chocolate mousse. It was amazing, and not overly sweet. My friend also got the lemon spritzer I believe to drink and I got a pomegranate margarita which was perfectly balanced and not overpowering.
Our service throughout was great. I didn't catch the waiter's name but he was very attentive and the food came out fast. He was very friendly and refilled our waters often. Our waiter also brought two cards to enter a contest for free meal in restaurants throughout the year when he brought the check and it had a stub for discount parking. I would definitely come back here again for the food and service, possibly to try brunch. I would recommend any of my friends to come back here for sure.Loved this place. I found it doing a random Google search for restaurants in The Old City section of Philadelphia. This was the second one on the list. So after looking at their menu, photos, and helpful Yelp reviews, I decided to check it out. I made a reservation and had to call them when I was on my way to let them know I was stuck in traffic. They couldn't have been nicer. We finally arrived a half hour late. Our waitress came to our table almost immediately. She was very friendly. We ordered our drinks and appetizers. We had the fried green tomatoes and the macaroni and cheese. Delicious. I had the short rib-best short rib ever. My friend had the shrimp & grits. I had a taste-also very good. We did not have room for dessert. Great service. I will be back because there are other menu items I can't wait to try. The Little Lion was definitely a nice find.Standout happy hour alert. Roar! (That's what a happy hour alert would sound like in lion-ese). 
Finding a happy hour that excels in both the food and drink department can be a challenge. At the Little Lion, you can have it both ways. Bonus points for being able to enjoy happy hour anywhere in the dining room. 
To drink, I had to the Reviver Red IPA by Starr Hill. A full pint of delicious craft beer for $3? Yes, please!
To eat, I split the Poutine with friends. This dish is only available on their happy hour menu. Never having had Poutine before, I didn't know what to expect. I can tell you that their combination of egg, fries, short rib gravy, pork belly and cheese was quite tasty. 
Although not on their happy hour menu, I also split the Kale Pesto Pasta with a friend. Split two ways it became happy hour priced, while still being larger than normal happy hour portions even after split. Oh man, oh man, oh man. It had pesto, cauliflower, roasted tomatoes, orecchiette and cheese. The balance of all the ingredients was perfect. I will be back for this without a doubt.
The atmosphere is also something worth mentioning. The large, wall-wide windows and extravagant stairway give the room a grand, spacious feel. The restaurants touts itself on comfort foods, and has a comfortable, yet trendy feel.
Our service was nice, but the service was a little slow. It wasn't really too crowded so maybe they were understaffed. It just took a long time for everything to happen including receiving our drinks, receiving our food and settling up the bill. I enjoyed myself otherwise so I'm not going to let that ruin my opinion of the Little Lion. 
Let's just say, Simba would be impressed.My friends and I had reservation for memorial day brunch- since a lot of places were long waits we were pleased that little lion offered reservations for large parties! We were seated right away but after sitting for over an hour without any water refills or waitress checking up on us. We were offered beverages because our food was taking so long because the kitchen was backed up (we were charged at the end for this....)Our food finally came and it was sub par . no one finished the food. We left unsatisfied and frustrated . I understand things can be delayed but the lack of communication and attitude from waitress is something that will keep me from coming back.Worst service I've had in old city. I came here in a Sunday night and there was a fairly light crowd, my date and I ordered the fried green tomatoes as app, Kale pesto pasta, and pork ribs. My date said the pork ribs were 'good', the Kale pasta salad came out almost cold but it was fine. The fried green tomatoes came AFTER our meal, and only after we said something. There was virtually no apology or explanation from the waitress. Would not recommend sitting next to one of the non-weather proofed windows as this will make your food get cold even faster. The one star I'm giving is for the pomegranate margarita which was good and well portioned.I'm almost having a hard time giving this "hot and new" spot three stars. The service was terrible. I ordered a proseco (which they do not offer) and rather than our server offering me something else he just brought champagne and said "I figured you wouldn't mind". We waited about 30 minutes to order and when my omelette came it was filled with butter and unpromised ingredients. My husbands fried chicken sandwich was essentially all bread. Their only saving grace is the neat space and the delicious Brussel sprouts. I doubt we will be back again.I REALLY wanted to like this place but my experience was just not good at all. So bad actually that I'm still at the restaurant, writing this as I wait for my check for what will probably be another 20 minutes. 
It's restaurant week so we chose this place because they offer 4 courses instead of just 3. 
We ordered all of the courses at once except for dessert. It took about 20 minutes for them to bring out the first course which was just a tomato soup for me and salad for my partner. My soup was crazy salty and oily. I couldn't even eat it. I pushed it to the side and just sat. My waitress never came over to my table to check to see that everything was okay. 
Another 20 minutes later our second course came out. A good runner brought them out. Still no waitress. We both got smoked wings. They were AMAZING. So tasty and perfectly cooked. So good, that I forgot about the soup. Our waitress finally came over to get rid of our old plates but still didn't ask why my soup had gone uneaten. I let it slide because the wings were so good!!!
Another 15 minutes goes by and we get our entrees. I got the fried chicken which was huge and was served on a pancake. I was excited because it looked amazing, but my excitement quickly dwindled once I tried to eat it. I couldn't even pull my chicken wing apart because it was undercooked. I just threw it to the side and decided to try the breast which was cooked well but basically tasted like nothing. Like they just floured the chicken and cooked it without even thinking of seasoning. 
I wanted to just leave it, but my partner suggested that's we take the chicken home to go rather than toss. Our waitress came over and took our dessert order and also took the chicken to box up. Rather than take my plate to the kitchen to be boxed, she left it on the bar, where she was apparently also working. It took about another 15 to 20 minutes for our desserts to be brought out, all the while, my plate continues to sit uncovered on top of the bar. 
For dessert I ordered chocolate chip bread pudding which tasted okay but was dry. It could have really benefitted from some ice cream or even a healthy dollop of whipped cream but instead it came with the tiniest speck of whipped cream. 
Our entire visit lasted about 2 hours, which is at least 35 minutes longer than it should have. I really wish I would have listened to the other reviews and skipped this place. I only gave 2 stars because the wings were really really good! Like, soooooo good! But not worth the hassle and frustration. We won't be going back.Returned to Little Lion for brunch and enjoyed it way more than dinner. There is a full bar and the space feels airy and light. There is also a good amount of outdoor seating. The menu includes a variety of choices, mostly more creative plays on brunch classics. There is also a buffet option which has all the menu items. We decided to order a la cart and everything was delicious. I had the short rib hash which was very rich but awesome. Definitely recommend this spot for brunch.I recommended a family member have their birthday dinner here. Felt like enough time had passed and the kinks from my prior visit would be worked out. Welll babbbyyy, the kinks were not only worked out but the restaurant has gotten it's entire life together. We were a large party, about 25 ppl, with lots of "extra" requests. The waiter seemed a bit flustered at times but overall he handled our party well. Everyone enjoyed their food.
So clearly someone listened because they changed the breading on the chicken. Great job. The chicken was good before, now it rivals some of the best fried chicken in the city. The update to the breading is fantastic. The chicken is fried to perfection, super moist and juicy.
 Lets talk about the pancake. My prior review rip it to shreds, cause well it was the bad. But honey child let me tell you, WHOEVER FIXED IT KEEP IT THIS WAY. The pancake was AMAZING. It complimented the chicken so well. It was full of flavor, had a hint of sweetness and spice and paired very well with the chicken. I was impressed with the update. Clearly someone here cares enough to take heed to suggestions. I will be back and keep recommending this place to friends!Food was warm, not hot. Drinks was OK. My husband didn't enjoy his burger. He ordered a medium but it was dry. I enjoyed my bleu cheese grits, the short rib was just ok. The collards were too sweet. Good Happy Hour prices, however I didn't enjoy the Southern Poutine. Too little Short rib jus, and the farm fresh cheese had little flavor. The service was great!Ya this place is cool.  Needed some music to defuse the noise in the place but food was great!
Had the Cigar City IPA from Tampa Bay.  So good.  Went well with the Short Rib with grits and collard greens!  Yummy.
My son had the Philly steak sandwich and was much better than any of the others we had from the so called famous places.  Much better.Started with fried green tomatoes, which was great.
Smokey wings first taste was good but can be a bit too much after a few bites.
Spicy shrimp sandwich taste was good abundance of mayo.
Fried Chicken sandwich tasted amazing chicken was not dry, and batter was great.
Overall experience was a great place to come in for lunch.Came here for the first time this past Sunday for brunch and I cannot wait to go back!  The only reason this isn't 5 stars is because our waitress was not very knowledgeable about the menu and because my friend said her omelette was way too thick...but I'm splitting hairs here!
The cocktail list is creative while including some classics and priced really well compared to other places in the city- definitely makes me want to come back and drink not just at happy hour.
I had the spiked apple cider...it was wam and you could not tell there was any booze in it. Tasty and dangerous, yum!
The manmosa is made with Ommegang which really ups the flavor. The bloody had too much ice and was a bit too spicy.
I highly recommend the fried green tomato grilled cheese, I added bacon to it and it was perfection. Also had friends rave about the burger they got which disappeared so fast I never even got to try it.
The decor is beautiful and the gibe is unpretentious. I seriously can't wait to go back for both happy hour and dinner!Food is AMAZING. try the wings appetizer. Also, the fried chicken and pancakes is to die for. Then, they have the best cocktails in Philly. DONT MISS THIS PLACE!! THE BEST IN PHILLY!Just wanted to add, after talking with another parent who's child had food poisoning here this week that my child got sick within 10 minutes of finishing his pasta dinner. The server we had had to help me rush him to the restaurant bathroom where he immediately got sick.FOOD WAS AMAZING!!! We had the stone ground cheesy grits and mac n cheese for an appetizer and  for lunch i got the catfish po'boy which was out of this world amazing.My husband got the turkey sloppy joe,which he highly enjoyed as well! Love that the fries are fresh cut! makes the meal that much better!!!I would recommend this place to everyone!!! CANT WAIT TO GO BACK FOR DINNER!!!!!!!Nice and polite Mr. Bar tender. Thank you for serving us at almost midnight. The size of the food are amazingly small. The clams are about 10% bigger than a quarter. HahaWe only had time to spot for a drink but would definitely recommend. Loved their craft cocktails and outdoor sitting area is ideal for a beautiful summer afternoon.  The food looked incredible and it's definitely on my list of places to return when I'm in Philly.Never wrote a review before, but after my experience at Little Lion, I feel compelled to leave a review.  First off, the menu was varied and the food was excellent (I recommend the buttermilk fried chicken and the mac&cheese).  But where my experience was taken to the next level was with the service.  Our server, Diana, was just spectacular.  She was so friendly, even though the place was packed and she was running around like crazy all night.  Diana took the time to chat with us and make sure our meal was really enjoyable. My friend and I will definitely be back; but we will make sure to be in Diana's section :)  Thanks so much for your energy and kindness, you made our Saturday night!Went with some friends for brunch.
Cocktails and Food were GREAT!   They took forever, which is unfortunate but understandable given how crowded the place was...
I can overlook things being slow, because I've worked in the industry and I know what it's like to get slammed.  The real reason for my medioce rating is the service.  Once we were done eating, we were very interested in sticking around for more drinks but we were basically rushed out the door, even being told "Sorry to rush you guys, there are just a lot of people waiting for your table"    Of course this particular comment came after we all paid/tipped... I thought that was pretty poor form to boot patrons out..First the waiter was excellent. Really cute restaurant. The food was great. The burger is a must. It's huge.  I had the mac and cheese. I don't like rosemary so told them to not put any on.I returned to the Little Lion, to give it another chance, and it was much better this time around. We sat upstairs which I think helped with the noise, it also wasn't quite as crowded. The waitress was much more knowledgeable and attentive this time which was great. The only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is that the menu was almost the exact same from the last time I was there. If they switched things up a little more often and/or were a little more adventurous with their offerings, I could definitely see myself returning again.The food at little lion is pretty decent.  Their brunch menu is very good as well as their cocktail menu.  For dinner, the menu is limited as far as entrees goes, but the cheeseboard is absolutely phenominal in my opinion.
I did however notice that the service tends to be slower.  The first time, I chalked it up to them being very crowded, however the last time I went, they were nowhere near as crowded and still the same experience.This is what you need to know about The Little Lion:
There are dollar oysters at happy hour and happy hour encompasses THE ENTIRE restaurant. Not just the space at the bar. $10 burgers, $1 oysters, $3 drafts etc. My friend and I shared a dozen oysters, we each had two drinks and I had burger. The bill was $35. Seriously. 
Usually southern food isn't my thing, but I'll be back at the Little Lion for sure.What a huge disappointment! I heard about the views on this place. My friends would say it's the best place in Philly, but I was underwhelmed service was slow. The sloppy joe was gross the bun was soggy. Really disappointed with everything about this place service was slow food was underwhelming.Had brunch here on a Sunday. I would not recommended this place for Brunch. Not good for families with young children. The place was really full and very noisy. Not impressed with the service or the food. I was surprised at the noise level, which was extremely high.
Side note: Lunch on a weekday is doable. Less full and noisy. Better service and the food was ok.Great Mac n cheese and fried green tomato apps and the oysters were amazing (east coast of course).  Friendly yet semi-unprepared waitstaff who were attentive non the less.  Great beer selection as well.We came here for a late night dinner on Friday and it was awesome! The night began with some disappointment, as they were all out of fried chicken (I guess that means I'll have to go back to try it another time) but things turned around after that.
5 stars for service--friendly and prompt!
4 solid stars for food!
1. the full board charcuterie is a nice way to start the meal. Loved the homemade preserves.
2. brussels! slighty charred to perfection
3. stone ground grits. cheesy and delicious. however, beware of the vinegar mustard; the greens were thoroughly marinated in it, slightly overdone in my opinion.
one thing to note is that I'm not sure my lemon fizz cocktail had any alcohol in it, but it was tasty. I will definitely return for the peddler's buzz! I can see myself enjoying one of those over brunch here another day.The server Yvann was terrible and the chicken was undercooked / pink inside. The drinks were overpriced and watered down.  Only the guy bussing tables took care of us. He and the fried oysters were the highlights of the night. This was truly an unenjoyable dining experience. We won't be back.I went to little lion last night with my family and my boyfriends family as they were in the city visiting us and had a wonderful experience from the second we walked in the door to the second we left. The service here is top notch. Our waitress was attentive and kind, I wish I remembered her name because I would recommend asking for her. 
We started our meal with cocktails (which were all delicious), a meat and cheese board and fried and grilled oysters. Everything was a big hit. The oysters were seasoned perfectly and super tasty! YUM! Also the meats and cheeses were great and they carefully explained what each was and what to pair it with, which was really helpful. 
We all tried different foods for dinner and were very satisfied. My brother, a very tough food critic, claimed the St. Louis ribs to be the best in Philadelphia. He said the homemade BBQ sauce was unlike any other he has ever had. The shrimp and grits, burger and fried chicken were all highly raved about at our table! Every meal was HUGE-- definitely enough food to feed 2. 
The atmosphere at little lion is great as well. Its an old 1800s bank turned restaurant with large windows, exposed bricks and red chairs for a pop of color. We can't wait to return and try some different menu items!This is a great option in Old City. The architecture alone is inviting- combining a historic building with soaring ceilings with an Ultra-contemporary new wing. 3 separate bars, including one on the 2nd floor offer different ambulances depending on your mood, the crowd and time of day. Upstairs bar good for searching sports if dining alone.  I had BBQ chicken thigh sliders which were a bigger (3) portion than I expected off the "small share" menu. Tasty. Everything looked good.  Prices very reasonable. Friendly service. Close to the Marriott Franklin Renaissance Hotel, the Monaco and the touristy stuff. Decent nicely priced wine selection.Of note, this is a brunch review: We decided to bring friends here, who were visiting from out of town, for brunch.  Not only were the reviews positive and the menu enticing, but they take reservations, so that was a big selling point.  We went this past Sunday, a very hot day in the city with temps above 90 outside.  Unfortunately, this resulted in our first issue with this restaurant.  It's a large, cavernous space inside with big windows and obvious duct work running above for air conditioning, but on this hot day, the AC was not able to keep up.  It was very warm inside and without overhead fans, it made for a somewhat uncomfortable dining environment.  According to others in our group who used the bathroom upstairs, that upper space was much cooler, but we were seated in the main dining space where I would guess the temp was at least in the 80s.  The second issue was the service.  Now I understand it was Sunday and a busy morning for any brunch spot, but our waitress was clearly overwhelmed and unable to keep up with her section.  We were seated for half an hour before we got drinks and before we even placed our food orders.  The waitress disappeared with drink orders from ours and other tables and did not reappear from the bar area until they were ready.  Once we finally got our food orders in, it took another 25 minutes for the food to actually arrive.  We had now been sitting in the place for nearly an hour.  The only thing that actually saved brunch was that the food and drinks were all quite good.  The buffalo chicken and biscuits were hearty and well prepared. The special soft shell crab benedict was decent, though the egg yolks were a bit over; and the homemade sticky bun was very good.  Maybe it was just a bad day; and based on the food we had and what I saw others around me getting, I am tempted to go back and give it a second try...maybe just not for weekend brunch.This place is cranking out some solid food and drink and I'll definitely be back here again, especially once they add the outdoor seating.
Their cocktails are exceptional...that raspberry sangria is unrivaled.  Fresh, sour, and not too sweet and completely infused with raspberry flavor.  In fact, all their cocktails are made with fresh ingredients (i.e. raspberry shrub, orange shrub, etc.).  I don't know what "shrub" exactly entails, but if it makes for an excellent drink, I'm down.
Happy hour specials are pretty decent with some of the select cocktails at a discounted price and their signature Lion Burger for only $10.  We got the happy hour appetizer special to start last night, which was a delicious heaping portion of poutine with a short rib jus and fried egg on top.  Fries were extra crunchy, salty and the jus was super flavorful, almost with a hint of nutmeg/cinnamon.  So delicious.
BF got the Lion Burger for an entree and I got their rack of St. Louis ribs.  He said the burger was good and juicy and the caramelized red onion was a nice touch, though overall the dish was nothing to knock him out of the park.  My ribs were great.  They weren't fall off the bone, but the meat was still done just right and that sauce was so good- mustardy and tangy but with sweet elements (again, kind of reminiscent of the appetizer with nutmeg and cinnamon?).  The coleslaw, served in an adorable jar with a lid, was done just right.  The ribs, fries and slaw were served on a rustic piece of bark- which is kitschy, I know- but the components of my dish kept falling off and since the tables aren't that big, it was kind of annoying to try to cut into the ribs without sloshing something over the side.  Not a huge deal, though.  Also, FYI, the ribs are only a half a rack at $21.  They are thick ribs, though.
They don't have a dessert menu, so be sure to ask the waitress what's on special cause she listed off like 4 desserts.  We ended up getting the apple/pear cobbler, which I'm always a sucker for, but it didn't deliver.  The cobbler was more like a granola consistency and actually hurt my teeth to eat and the spiciness of the pear/apple compote overpowered any sweetness that was there.  I'd probably skip that next time.
Overall, the place is so gorgeous inside and our waitress was on point, so no problems there.  I'd like to go back and try their seafood dishes, but I'd definitely skip dessert next time.  The place isn't perfect, but their skillful cocktails make up for any shortcomings.
P.S.-I noticed a completely separate bar called Little Lion Public House at the back entrance, and I'm wondering if that's still part of the restaurant or an oyster bar perhaps.A farm to table feel with old revolutionary decor and casual atmosphere, Little Lion Public House is a great place for delicious cocktails and food. Ian was our server and he was really friendly and gave us impeccable service. His last day is this Sunday so please bombard him until he leaves the city! Was drawn to this place because of the corner location and the cool name, and was so pleasantly surprised by the cool casual atmosphere. A must visit spot!They have a couple great drinks on the menu.  However, the wine here appears reasonably priced, but is a smaller pour than you receive at other places.  The food on the happy hour menu is nothing to write home about.  All in all for a restaurant in Philly, I'm unimpressed.  The food in this city is phenomenal.  This place definitely needs to up their game.I went here for brunch and can't believe this place is still open. The quiche was just over cooked scrambled eggs. The "sticky" bun was a dried out cinnamon roll. The service was atrocious too. The server was no where to be found for most of the meal. Skip it.Loved the food, the service, and the drinks.  Wait time was a little long, but couldn't expect much more from a restaurant downtown on a Saturday night.
Get the mac & cheese, the BBQ chicken sliders, and the smoked chicken wings.. so delicious!Dined at The Little Lion last month.  Had a great meal!  Tons of great selections on the menu.  There were so many things pulling me in that it was hard to choose just one!  I guess it left me with reasons to return and try other things :)  The location is perfect...right in the heart of Old City.  Decor and vibe here is very cool.  It's one of those environments where you can dress casual or kick it up a notch and feel comfortable either way.  Had a minor issue with leaving something behind and retrieving it later, but as soon as the owner (Chris) was made aware, he quickly stepped in and resolved the situation.  Overall I had a great dining experience and interaction with the owner as well.  You can tell that he really cares about his customers.The inside is a nice space, but it was really loud, I think because it was so open and had so many hard surfaces. I had the fried chicken. It was well cooked, but lacked flavor. The cheddar jalapeño pancake it came with was good, though.Excellent brunch spot, well-lit, and comfortable, not too loud, great service, good coffee, delicious food. The location is great if you're a tourist hitting up all the Philly sites. I'd recommend getting a reservation, but of course, calling to find out how long a wait is just as good. When I went, I was able to get a table immediately--not bad for around noon on a Sunday in, once again, a well-walked part of town. 
You'll also notice that price-wise, the place is pretty reasonable--cheap even. The small plates aren't that small--an order of chicken wings gives you three very large chicken wings with a crispy skin, and may fill you up (the slaw on the side is delicious). The short rib hash was brought out in a cast iron skillet and well balanced.Excellent brunch menu -- wish we could have saved room for the ice cream cake! The Sweet Potato Fries with molasses and powdered sugar are a must.
The staff was great and welcoming. They were kind enough to accommodate our group of 10 without reservations.
If in town, "don't throw away your shot" to try this Alexander Hamilton themed restaurant!Exceptional lunch. Great service. Incredible farm to table salads. Kale Ceaser with blackened chicken was a perfect balance of flavor and super fresh. Wedge had heirloom tomatoes, bacon chunks, roasted onion and a generous helping of superior blue cheese - grilled chicken perfect. Great beer list.  Great building with light. A must in historic Philly.You know Ive put off this review for over a week now because I do feel a little guilty giving it 3 stars. But hear me out...
Is this a nice place to eat? Yes. 
Is the food good? Yes
But the vibe that this place puts off raises my expectations. I just feel like the food Ive had from here doesn't line up with the more upscale casual vibe this place puts off.
It has a small menu which is usually a good thing (it means they concentrate more on the quality of the food they're putting out). All the menu items are creative and from what I understand are made from scratch. 
So to eat and drink Ive had the ribeye cheesesteak, the brisket sandwich, a bloody mary, and a couple different kinds of beers. The ribeye cheesesteak just tasted like a cheesesteak...nothing to write home about. The brisket sandwich had nice flavor and the aioli was very tasty. But what I didnt like was that it was just a sopping grease sandwich. The brisket was very fatty (I dont mind fat-it tastes good but it was too much) and the bread was soaked with butter (again-tasty but after 3 bites I wanna hurl). I liked the cheese it had on it but that also adds to the grease factor. I couldn't even finish the sandwich..
The bloody mary I had was also just OK. It wasn't garnished with anything super special. 
I also just wanna mention a small side note: I came here twice and both times I had a table that rocked back and forth due to it being uneven and gosh was that annoying. You just lean on it the wrong way and your drinks nearly fall. 
Not sure if Id come back. :-/Holy hangovers batman! I don't get them often, maybe once every two years, but I had one and needed that brunch pick me up. Enter The Little Lion. 
While we were waiting for our group I had to order a cocktail and some food at the bar. Got a delicious screwdriver or two while we waited. And chowed down some appetizers to pick me up. 
Our group assembled and we went upstairs for the remained of brunch. They're able to hold large groups of people for all types of occasions. A table across from us had at least 20 people. And they can go even bigger. 
Our meal was very tasty and it really helped me recover. Thanks Little Lion. You're a life savor.Went for Brunch last month on Feb 11th to be exact,  it was a party of 12 of us. The food was really good! I would have given them 4 stars but the way the waitress handled us paying at the end was terrible so the reason for 3 stars. I asked her, before any of us started ordering, can we pay separately at the end. She said yes but she has to put everything on one bill and she'll take everyone's payment separately at the end. When it came time to pay our bill, we all made our payments and then she comes back to tell me we were $40 short. Another person in our party asked her to bring back all the cash we gave her. I added up the CC payments and the cash, how about we OVERPAID by $17....The waitress didn't apologize at all and acted like it wasn't her fault. I'm not sure why in 2017, businesses/waiters still struggle with letting guests pay separately at the end. Especially when the guests inquire IN THE BEGINNING about separate checks. As we left we weren't told to have a good day by any of the 3 staff members standing at the Hostess Desk. I probably won't go back.. especially since there's more FRIENDLIER brunch spots with better food in the area.We were there for breakfast and it was exceptional.  The grits with cheddar cheese was absolutely delicious.  The decor is beautiful with a nice, lively crowd.  You'll love it.I was disappointed that we just missed the breakfast cutoff, but not for long.  Their lunch was very good.  They offer a nice selection of hot tea, but it's not on the menu.  I had to ask.  
Their grits with wilted mustard greens were amazing!  I'm not normally a fan of grits, but these were next level.  They were fluffy and lightly cheesy, and the mustard greens had a little acidity to cut through the richness of the grits.
The turkey sloppy joe was on point.  I enjoyed the crunch and acidity of the homestyle pickles.
I will definitely recommend this to anyone traveling to Philly.In Philly for work and wanted a nice restaurant to celebrate a job well done with a coworker. After many Yelp searches, I decided on The Little Lion. 
Initial impression was great. The location, decor and overall ambiance was perfect. The hostess kept us hanging a couple minutes when we arrived...seemed like they were trying to figure out the server situation. Not a big deal, but not as professional as I would expect from a place like this. Our server was very good and took the time to ask us if we had any food allergies, which my coworker does have. That allergy was communicated to the kitchen and her meal was altered to accommodate her needs.
The food though -- disappointed in another Philly restaurant (and yet I LOVE Philly). I ordered the sweet potato fries as an app and frankly, I wish I had saved the $8. They cooled down very quickly and didn't have the nice crunch you hope for from a fry. They were a bit soggy and I ate very few of them.
I had the fried chicken as my entree and it was a disaster. The portion is huge -- ridiculously huge. There's no way a normal person could ever eat this much chicken and hot cake at one sitting. But that was the lesser of the issues. There was no flavor and it was clearly overfried. The breading was hard and the chicken was dry. I ate 3-4 forkfuls and passed on the rest. Between the fries, a drink and entree, it was a waste of $38.All the dishes we had were very good . The cheese stake specially was great. For desert we had a créeme brûlée that was ok. Service was also good.The lattes are amazing! We tried the chocolate chip cookie and maple and we're very impressed. Service was a little slow because they were packed, but our waitress, Nina, was very attentive and polite. We tried the farmers cheese snack and loved it! Plenty for 2-4 people to share.Four of us had a very nice "early supper" at Little Lion on Friday evening.  We were all pleased.  The menu offers a variety of items and they have unique qualities.  I had the carrot salad and Sweet Potato french fries;  very nice and just the right amount of food for me.  Also enjoyed a nice glass of red wine.   My husband had fried chicken and was very pleased by the amount of chicken and the unusual presentation;  served on type of pancake with hot peppers.  Our friends had 1)a salad with chicken and 2) the short rib meal.  Both seemed very pleased.  they also shared a cheesecake dessert which they liked.  We enjoyed just coffee which was very good.  The space is very inviting:  airy, high ceilings, lots space, the service was excellent and the prices were very reasonable.  We were all very happy with our choice for dinner.Best service in town! Our waiter was incredibly gracious and helpful and enthusiastic. The food was delicious- the portions were hearty and the flavor were unique and tasty. Would recommend!Had a fantastic dinner here on a Sunday night. Little Lion has a cool, relaxed ambiance, and we were pleasantly surprised by the food. The grits appetizer and the kale caesar salad were amazing. The burger was great... the combo of the pickled onions, house-made pickles, and pimento cheese spread made for one of the better burgers I've had in Philly. My fiance had the kale pesto orecchiette, which was very tasty. All in all a solid meal. The service was excellent as well. We'll be back soon, probably to try the fried chicken (saw it on a few tables on our way out of the restaurant; it looked great).The Little Lion fare was very tasty as expected, wait staff courteous, but the wait for my main dish was exceptionally LONG. I waited 50 minutes after getting my salad...  SadWent here on a date with my boyfriend and was honestly not expecting such great brunch food with a southern twist at a great price! The portions are huge and guaranteed to fill you up as well. I got the chicken and waffles and my boyfriend got the short rib hash which we were both extremely happy with. The brunch cocktail we ordered was definitely too strong for my tastes though!
Would definitely come here for brunch rather than lunch as the menu/food for lunch was definitely not as good. That being said I did love the brussel sprouts as a side!Old City needed a restaurant like this!  Very nice and open atmosphere.  The service was polite, prompt and suggestions were made when asked.  From the moment we arrived, my large party was made to feel as if our every want/need would be made without hesitation. Every dish I tried was unique and wonderfully composed.  From accurately described drink recommendations, it was clear that everyone left with nothing short of a favorable impression.  We all agreed to come back and make it a frequent spot.I've been to this place several times for brunch, dinner, drinks & happy hour as I live in the neighborhood. Nice addition to the old city neighborhood. The place opened for business in late 2015 if i remember correctly.  Good spot that has the potential to be great! 
Ambiance: Beautiful, early nineteenth century building that used to be a bank. Floor to ceiling french windows. Charming ceiling with plenty of arches and accents. Simple and modern decor.   
Food: The menu is good, decently priced but the food quality is inconsistent. Not sure if they've changed their chef but the same dish ordered on different occasions has come out different. The short robs, grits, granola/fruit salad, sliders, various eggs benedicts (aka Benny's), omelettes and burgers etc. have been good but some times not great. Tried their Southern Benny today for brunch, a southern twist on the eggs benedict with crayfish was good but doused with butter. Being a wannabe chef my self, I know its easy to make anything taste great by simply adding extra butter to it. This cop-out resulted in the English muffin being extremely soggy and practically disintegrating on the plate. Perhaps a little less butter and more hollandaise sauce would've done the trick. The potatoes/home fries were burnt on the outside and raw on the inside even on the second attempt after we returned the first order.             
Drinks: Some cocktails are nice while the patrons are skimmed on the others. Cocktails are priced at $10-13, a fair ask fro an establishment like this. Although, one expects a proper cocktail in return without the bar tender skimming out on the alcohol and loading the glass up with soda and ice.    
Service: The servers are friendly but confused, a problem I believe can be solved by better management. Had to wait several minutes for the host to appear despite the restaurant operating at less than 50% capacity each time. The silverware was dirty at times and had to be replaced. Focus may be an issue e.g. not sure why the server needs to make 2 trips (and this happened every time I was there) to get you coffee - the first to get your coffee and the 2nd to bring you milk and sugar and that too only if you ask. Should just bring this out in one shot. Your food arrives and you always have to ask for salt and pepper. Shouldn't this be at the table any way or at least your server should ask you when they serve your food.    
Management: Have met both the owners. They take turn playing host / manager at different times. Seem like nice guys but not sure how much restaurant management experience they have. They can certainly run a tighter ship and command their troops better. Perhaps, they want to hire a professional manager to run this joint. Little decisions like where to seat the customers (based on their preference/request) despite having plenty to table availability seems to get confusing. Keeping the restaurant entrance door open or close depending on the weather outside can be seen to create further confusion among staff with plenty of blank and confusing glares being exchange among them. Today we received two different versions of the menu with different items and prices on them. The menu also had typos in them.  
Keep at it guys. You need some work. Hope you can get there. Good luck!Great food! I ordered the ribeye cheesesteak sandwich with sweet potato fries. Portion sizes were excellent, in fact I was only able to eat half of my sandwich. The meat was tender, not a lot of fat. The sandwich included caramelized onions, wild mushrooms, and creamy horseradish along with a side of aioli.... perfect flavors. It was a chilly day so I tried the spiked hot apple cider and it was delicious! A wonderful lunch. I'll definitely return on my next visit to Philadelphia. Thank you to the staff, service was great.Food came out luke warm and was mediocre at best.  They weren't very busy at the time so there's really no reason why the food should be sub par.  A huge disappointment and definitely not worth the cost.This is a fantastic new spot for dinner in Old City! I went with a group of 6 friends and we had a blast last Friday night. I plan to go back again with my boyfriend for a date night too. 
Starting things off with their signature cocktails, Paloma Blood Orange tequila drink was a great idea. It was refreshing. My favorite items that I tried on the starters menu were Fried Green Tomatoes, Smoked Chicken Wings. The main plates were also tasty. I ordered the blackened catfish and it was good but def. not a healthy option because it is served with a large portion of cheesy grits. In fact, don't come here if you are on a diet! haha just enjoy the chef's offerings for what they are. 
The other main dishes I tasted from my friend were the kale pesto pasta and fried chicken. Pasta dish was really filling and it had a lot of different flavors. The chicken was served with honey and on top of a pancake! It is a large portion so I think having it to share for two people is great. 
Oh and I heard they started serving brunch on the weekends so that is another reason to go back! 
Cheers!First thing that caught my attention was the place. it is a big cool and breeze loft. The hostess and the server were really nice, and I was able to get a table for myself. I ordered a well-done "little lion burger", which i think for the chef was probably a challenge. However, the burger did well but it lacked flavor. Also, i substituted fries for sweet potato fries. They were tasteless. Overall, i am glad i tried this restaurant, however, when I come back to Philadelphia,  I will probably skip it.As soon as we walked in, we noticed this place was going to have a very cool vibe. The swords and revolvers on the wall were random but a welcome change to the usual pictures that adorn the walls of most restaurants. 
As for the food, I got the short rib hash and it is in the running for best single brunch item I've had in old city. They used an IPA cheese sauce for the egg on top and it looked like hollandaise sauce on steroids. It was very well proportioned to the rest of the dish too, not too overpowering but it paired perfectly with the diced potatoes. To boot, I appreciate larger portions for breakfast, and the dish had an entire layer of short rib in the skillet so I was pretty full.
We also got the red velvet French toast, which was incredibly rich but the cream filling was awesome. Not sure if I could have that by itself for an entire meal but it's great for sharing!
Will without a doubt be back for the short rib hash again.This wonderfully cozy spot used to be something else but for the life of me I cannot figure out what it used to be. Great spot for brunch. The menu is small but the food is delicious. They didn't have french toast to my liking so I got the cinnamon buns and ate them as I would french toast or waffles - with warm syrup. I also ordered their grits. Menu said they came with shrimp but mines was just topped with collard greens. Huge disappointment but I had a few bites and it wasn't worth finishing. Overall the drinks were great and everyone else enjoyed their food.Love everything about this place from the friendly service, delicious food, generous portions  and amazing ambience. We can't wait to come back to this gem!Went here for a few drinks at the bar, Bash was our bartender. Couldn't ask for a more  personable, courteous and friendly young man  who was attentive and competent. Great drinks prices too. Great location, old Philadelphia. Will be back soon. Hopefully Bash is still there!It definitely needs work! We went with another couple for dinner and we were not thrilled. The brussel sprouts were pretty bad and not restaurant quality. I can make better ones at home for sure. The farmers cheese is made in house, but was severely lacking in flavor! I would not recommend it. The fried chicken wasn't bad, but it could use more seasoning. However, the pancake was probably the best thing we tried all night and why I am giving three stars instead of two. Oh, and the cocktails were decent. The shrimp and grits lacked dimension and did not have a wow factor. The mud jar dessert could have been made by a second grader, no offense. Unfortunately, we don't have plans to return anytime soon.Nice little spot with rustic dishes complex enough to appeal to someone looking for a cozy brunch kicked up a notch. The specialty coffee drinks were our favorite part of the meal. My wife ordered a Maple "Hoecake" Latte and it was delicious.  The Fried Green Tomato Benedict with pimento cheese was simple and plain, but the exceptionally lemony and silky hollandaise was the star. The Braised Short ribs over peppadew hash with IPA cheese sauce was incredibly rich and flavorful, but as you ate it, the flavors got muddled in a spicy one-note mish mash. Overall, the meal was good, but the service was a little disorganized (we waited 25 mins for espresso). I'm not in a hurry to go back, but wouldn't avoid it either.I had a soda -- totally flat and watered down-- and then went to use the bathroom. YUCK. It is disgusting. Smells worse than any public bathroom I have been in since that time in Camden. And it wasn't a new stench--this was pee-on-floor-that-no-one-has-touched. I have worked in the restaurant industry, and that tends to happen when the owners won't hire an outside cleaner. Staff sure don't want to be the ones having to clean the bathroom. 
I decided not to eat there.This is a great place to waste your money on. Terrible service because we had a slow waitress that kept forgetting to bring us our food. "Wait, I'll get that" she says. About 30 minutes the food is not here. About after 1 hour our food arrives. But, something is missing; the other half of my meal. Don't even think about dining at this trashy place.Solid. Excellent beer selection. Pimento cheese is a big hit. Smoked salmon toast was tasty too. Good grits too, in Philly? Essentially a refined low country restaurant, in a very good way. Charleston would go weak in the knees for a place like this. Oh, best service I've had in months too. Server always seemed to appear when I needed something and wasn't light with the spot on recommendations.Loved the service, atmosphere and food. We had a tasty sangria and an amazingly large entree salad, to which you may add protein. We went with shrimp, which was perfectly grilled. Hubby had some tomato soup also, which was fantastic! Though we didn't have it, we saw people at other tables having amazing looking huge hot chocolate with a ton of marshmallow or whipped cream (or maybe both) on top.Maybe I'm a bit tired of brunch in the city, but the brunch here was just meh. Definitely go savory if you do go...the short rib hash with ipa cheese sauce is delicious, and the omelets are quite tasty.  The red velvet french toast felt like they were just phoning it in; spreading an overly sweetened cream cheese on some french toast doesn't qualify as "decadent" in my mind. Cool atmosphere and great place to go if you're in Old City, though!I am sorry to say this restaurant disappointed. I had fried oysters and a kale caesar. The oysters were drenched in buffalo wing sauce which made them soggy and inedible. The server had them remade with no sauce. Much better as they were crispy and hot, but no flavor or seasoning. And the salad was freezing cold. Like it had been in the freezer. The dressing had absolutely no flavor and was too cold & thick to dress the salad well. Our server tried to address the issue but said " Sorry we serve our salad cold".Had lunch with some friends. Service was great, food delivery was fine. I had grits & brussel sprouts. Flavors were great - but the greens had a little GRIT. I have eaten greens my entire life,  grown & cooked them for 20+ years. I foolishly told my server who admitted that she doesn't even eat grits, but she told the kitchen staff and told me they were all "tasting" the greens. The verdict? Nothing from my server. So, I guess they are ok eating sand/dirt in THEIR collard greens- but I actually know better. Smh. My friends were happy with the fish sandwich & farmers cheese plate. I may go back, given the conveniency, but with so many other choices in Olde City..... I'm not so sure.I have been hearing great things about brunch here for some time now so I jumped on board when I found out my friends were planning on brunching here.  Now I want to start off by saying that I really wanted to give this place a 2, but couldn't bring myself to do it because I'm convinced the restaurant just had a bad day.  We had reservations for 1pm and arrived just before that.  We stood by check in for 10 minutes before anyone even checked us in (wasn't just us, as I noticed this was a common theme all day).  Once we were seated it took them nearly 20 minutes to even acknowledge us.  
I normally slam back some drinks on a Saturday brunch, especially when it's this nice out, but I decided to stick to some fresh brewed coffee and water (neither were ever refilled without me asking).  The whole menu seemed great so I went to Yelp pictures to help me decide on the short rib hash.  This was soooo disappointing.  The seasoning was so strong that it tasted like I was eating spoonfuls of dry rub.  The short rib was also all clumped together and really chewy.  I snuck a bite of my friends country Benny when she wasn't looking and I wish I didn't.  The crawfish were also way over cooked.  
The service was so slow.  It took a group of 4 people 2 hours to eat and we had to ask for the simple items that should have just been brought to us right off the bat.  
Ok so finally to the pluses... The ambiance was very unique.  I felt like I was in the haul of an old whaling ship and its in the heart of Old City.  I'm willing to give it another shot somewhere down the road but I'm not rushing back.  Such a shame, had great potential.Planned a trip to philly with my husband for one night and researched places that were good without being too fancy. This place seemed to fit and ended up being perfect. Unfortunately one of the main reasons I picked this place was because of the chargrilled oysters on their menu and when I ordered them, they didn't get their oyster shipment that week. I was very disappointed, but the other food I had was VERY delicious. We got a cheese plate, the grits, kale pesto pasta and the ribs. Everything was really good and I wish we could've tried more. I'll definitely return on my next trip and hope they have the oysters!This place has amazing food, it is my favorite brunch spot! ...not to mention the ambiance in this restaurant is five stars alone.Let me get this out of the way, I like this place. I recommend this place.  I enjoy most everything about it.  I've had plenty of drinks, but officially have only eaten here twice.  The one dish I started with was the Roasted Heritage Carrots.  Alone it is near five-stars.  I don't even like carrots that much.  I saw someone eating it and said, yea I want to try that.  I did.  It was awesome! On a return trip, I had a half-chicken special (pictured).  Oh wow - yes! Well, that's all I can say about the food. Sorry!  
As for the rest, The Little Lion is a classy place in Olde City.  It offers plenty of seating upstairs and down as well as "bar" seating.  They have buck-a-shuck happy hours (which I haven't been able to make yet, but hey their oysters look well kept).  Service is friendly.  Drinks are fairly priced and range from standard to creative (I like the Blood Orange Paloma w/Silver Tequila, Blood Orange Shrub, Lime and the Lions Tea w/Bourbon, African Nectar Tea, Brown Sugar).  I know I'll be back to try more, hopefully make a happy hour, and drink a bit too...Horrible service. Waitress must have said sorry at least 6 times. Bloody Mary was not good. Slow service. Drinks came out after our meal and waitress forgot my husbands coffee and forgot to take off bill. Would not recommendFound it on a random Google search and went for Brunch around 11 on Saturday and we LOVED it! Got seated right away, had a super attentive and knowledgable server and the food was divine!! We shared the cheese plate with house made jams and toasted baguette! Wow! The pimento cheese and ham with pickled tomatoes was the perfect combo and the salmon toast was the perfect bite! Loved the atmosphere, the food and the service! This will be a Philly staple for me!!!!We got the BBQ chicken sliders, mac and cheese, and sweet potato fries. Everything was delicious and the the service was great!I was a little disappointed in dinner last night.  The food just wasn't as good as last time. 4 people at the table got the pear salad and it was so average. It's pretty rare for people to leave a lot of their salad, especially since it was the first course. Basically a big heap of not very tasty lettuce, light on everything else with barely no dressing. One person ordered it vegan style for dinner and they messed it up twice, finally brought it out after everyone was finished, with no dressing. All the other food was fine, overall it was an average experience, not one that makes you want to come back or recommend a friend.I rarely visit the city, but I will be visiting again just to come back to this restaurant! Our waitress was extremely friendly and had great suggestions! Food was phenomenal and cooked to perfection! Drinks were refreshing as well. Definitely a great place for couples to go for a night out!Food was excellent, service was even better. Adrian was a class act and fun. The bacon and cheddar waffles with hot honey chicken was fantastic. The mimosas and peddler coffees hit the spot, and we look forward to coming back again.Was very excited to try this new Southern comfort-food gem in the heart of Old City. I'd say my experience was so-so, here is the breakdown: 
The good: the cocktails are delicious, unique and flavorful. The mac & cheese and fried green tomatoes were to die for. The mac & cheese was so rich and creamy and the fried green tomatoes had a pickled flavor that was different than traditional fried green tomatoes but so tasty!
The bad: the service was not great-- for now I am hopeful this is just a new restaurant working out some kinks. While our water glasses couldn't be refilled enough, our cocktail glasses remained empty for a very long time before being asked if we'd like another round. Our waiter seemed to go missing for extended periods of time and checked in very infrequently. Next, when inquiring about the daily oysters on hand which change daily, we were told "an East Coast and a West Coast" (exactly what it says on the menu). When asked if he could find out some details on the specific kinds, he looked a bit confused and had to go ask what oysters were being served that night. Lastly, it was a total disaster when it came to getting the right food to the right table. Dishes we did not order were delivered to our table at least 4-5 times. Their organization could use some serious help. 
The ugly: After filling up on some pretty great appetizers, I ordered the shrimp & grits for something a little on the lighter side. The presentation looked great and the shrimp was good, but after a few bites of the grits, I was finished with this dish. The grits were so salty they were basically inedible, which was pretty disappointing after sampling everyone elses entrees...(I think I'd opt for the fried chicken next time because that was very good). 
All-in-all, I'm hoping the poor part of our experience here was opening jitters and I would be open to trying this restaurant again.Worth a stop, if you're in the area. Food is good and somewhat affordable. I got the catfish po' boy with fries and left with a full, decently pleased belly. Fries were pretty standard.
Couple noteworthies include the single-stall bathroom resembling that of a gas station washroom, and the server seeming to be stretched pretty thin. She did a really good job serving for the circumstances, but was running around the whole time we were there and didn't have the capacity to check up on us much or refill waters. Definitely a champion server for the number of tables she took care of though!I've been here before, for brunch, and had a good experience. The food is good. The cocktail selections are fun. The staff is not very "on it" when it comes to greeting. You kind of walk in and walk around until someone notices you. I was happy with my meal, drinks and server. All around good experience. 
My second experience was awful. I made an 11am reservation. At 10:57am I walked into an empty restaurant and a waitress standing outdoors who said they aren't open for a few more minutes. I waited outside until 11:05am, came back in and approached a bar tender about my reservation. His response? "No ones here." I told him I was hoping to sit down at 11am, my reservation time. He shrugged. 
Needless to say, I left. I like this place, maybe they just aren't good for "early morning" reservations. If that's the case--maybe they should open later :)T'was the eve after Valentine's day and all through the city, not a couple was stirring, not even... a mouse? I guess that is all the further I can force that comparison, but truly, no one was anywhere to be seen. I picked The Little Lion after reading about their newly instated happy hour, and was guessing/hoping that it would not be too busy the day after Valentine's. The happy hour is too good to be true! We started with the $5 poutine to share. It isn't as gigantic as other poutine dishes I've had, but very rich and delicious. The drink specials are rotating, so if you are a picky drinker, you may not be as impressed as I was, but I got the cocktail special ($6) and the boyfriend got the beer special ($3). He also got the happy hour burger, which I'm pretty sure is just the normal burger for only $10. I got the shrimp and grits, which was the only non happy hour item we got, and it was so tasty! I ate every last bite, which is rare for me. Our server was very attentive and knowledgeable about the menu. 
I will definitely return for happy hour again!Went there last night with my friend from Japan.  We shared the fried green tomatoes which were amazing.  My friend had the short ribs and I had the shrimp and grits.  Both were really good.  The only thing left on our plates were bones and shells!  We shared a bread pudding dessert with vanilla ice cream to end the night.  Our server was wonderful and made some good suggestions.  The only bad part of the night was the noise level.  It got really loud and I couldn't hear my friend speak.Nice space.  Great service.  Good drinks. Appetizers were great and so was dessert.  But kale pesto pasta was terrible- oily and so bland.I've been here twice now and I want to rate this place higher, but it just falls short for me. It's not bad by any means, but nothing edges it into greatness either. The highest marks are for the atmosphere - a historic old bank building with lots of charm and great ambiance. Service has been great both times as well. 
The food is where the stars are lost (and the cocktails, to be honest). The chicken wings were the best things I've had from both visits, and they're the only thing I'd return to eat again. Specialty cocktails were overpriced and over-sweet. Sweet potato fries were overcooked. The poutine left a lot to be desired as well. Fried oysters were good, but such teeny-tiny little oysters! The charred Brussels sprouts in balsamic reduction were more just swimming in a stew of balsamic vinegar (not much reduction). They were also really, really sweet. One of my dining companions had the shrimp and grits, and that was serviceable but lacking flavor in my opinion. Same held true for my entree, the fried chicken. It really needed the honey it was served with, otherwise it was really bland. Slaw that came with it was meh. 
I love the venue, and there are lots of great bar spaces - so I could see myself returning for happy hour, but probably not dinner.This restaurant is a convenient choice for the Ritz movie theaters. Unfortunately, the fried chicken was only so-so.  Maybe,it was an off night. The pancake underneath was not terrible, but neither was it tasty.   The salad, however, was great. The Oreo pudding dessert was good as well.Really nice waitrons. Lovely atmosphere, good food, pretty drinks.This place was recommended by family and I was so glad we were able to go. Loved the ambience and historical 'vibe' (especially since it's across the street from the new American Revolution Museum). We got the mac n' cheese starter and fried chicken for the main. My husband and I could have EASILY shared one plate of the chicken - they brought us each a whole chicken! (ok, maybe it wasn't a WHOLE chicken...but it was A LOT). It was delicious though. Wish we could have been able to try many things on the menu - they all looked good.Loved this place, very clean and great customer service. The food was amazing and cooked fast, got to say if you come here you have to try their cornbread hoecakes (Pancakes). Definitely coming back.Coffee was ice cold! Tomato soup was very tart! Lion Burger has a weird spicy spread on it that was not on the menu. Server was not attentive at all smoked wings were blah! Lemonade was great and the best part was the ranch dressing. Little below our expectations for such a nice location and they need to turn the heat up when it's 10 degrees outside. Oh they also were completely out of all desserts and two of the house made sodas. They need me to do a prep sheet for them. Let's get it together and the server with the beard seems to be the only one who knows how to serve. Good job my man!!