Mmmmmmm!!! So much wonderful comfort food is packed into this tiny menu. This diner styles restaurant full of sandwiches, soup, and salads should be on the top of your to do list. The service is outstanding as well.We randomly stopped in here and it was just what the Dr. ordered!  The service was excellent!  I had a coffee cake which was huge and a bloody which was very different tasting but good.  My husband had a bowl of soup and a waffle with bacon in it which was awesome.  I highly recommend this place!I love this place. I've eaten there twice and wasn't disappointed either time. First time I had the matzoh ball soup--amazing, and the rooster chef salad which was also Amazing but no longer on the menu. 
The second time, I had the matzoh ball soup again, which was good but not as good as the first time I had it--the matzoh was kind of hard but still good. I also got the potato pancake BLT. I ate the sandwich six hours after I picked it up and it was still amazing. 
The hospitality is great also. The hostess, Deja was super friendly and helpful and the management was also super aware of the surroundings and helpful. 
This is all a plus to the fact that they donate their profits!  I'll definitely be back.We stopped into Rooster Soup on a Sunday evening around 5:30. There were plenty of seats at the counter, but we were able to get a small table. I had a cup of the turkey chili and the grain salad. Dining Partner had matzo ball soup and chicken schnitzel sandwich. We were both very satisfied with our meals. I love that this is more than just a restaurant, it's got an entire mission behind it to help those less fortunate. They had a lot of other appetizing dishes on the menu so I'll definitely be back in the future.Five stars for Rooster Soup's social impact mission! 
Food is also great. I got a cup of the cauliflower soup, potato cake, and the southern ham biscuit. Comfort food as promised on a cold, snowy day. Just slightly less salt in the potato cake and the ham/cheese and it would have been the perfect cozy meal. 
Definitely coming back because I'm just that philanthropic ;)We went to rooster soup company for a quick snack. I had a cup of the matzo ball soup and my fiance had a slice of coffee cake and a freshly baked double chocolate chip cookie. 
The soup
The matzo ball was the perfect size and the broth was savory and delicious. It was a little less salty than I would like, but I tend to like soups on the salty side. 
The desserts
Both were very moist and soft
They do have drinks available and the proceeds go to a great cause. You should definitely check this place out.I wanted to live this place. The concept is so incredible! But the food is just ok. 
First of all, if you have the word soup in your name I expect more than four soups. And I definitely expect a vegetarian soup and not just some wack vegan soup with coconut in it. But ok. 
I got the asparagus lasagna which was good but tasted like something I would have made at camp. For the amount it wasn't worth the price. I would rather give a donation than pay for something that isn't worth it I think. It's also not clear what the plates come with which is a side salad or soup and a half twice baked potato. The potato was bangin and the salad was ok. The soup was thin but again ok. It was potato leek. I've never had thin potato leek soup. 
My friend also got the salmon croquettes and they were also just ok. I really can't describe anything as more than ok except for the concept. Unfortunately, I'd rather donate to Broad Street Ministry than have a disappointing meal. As an aside, the lighting is too low. Weirdly low.Great soup and sandwiches. Love their matzo ball soup.  Great service.  Diner atmosphere.  And all the proceeds go to helping Broad Street Ministry. Two thumbs up.We were excited for this to open and then worried our expectations were too high. No worries - this place is great! 
The decor is great - fun and bright, despite the basement location. We loved sitting at the bar - diner stools and all. The staff were all really busy but were pleasant and food arrived pretty quickly.
Food is simple yet delicious. Nothing too fancy and the menu is not overwhelming. We are excited to go back and try some of the drinks. 
Vegetarians will be fine. Gluten-free people can really only gets salads. Not accessible for wheelchairs.Pretty cute, friendly service and great food!  I'm a west coast gal and had never had Matzah ball soup. It was fun to try with my charred broccolini sandwich. I was impressed by the staff's ability to discuss the beer and food and their general friendliness. I'd go again if I lived here.Ordered the very delicious grilled cheese of the day and turkey chili. The others in my party got smoked matzoh ball soup and chicken schnitzel, roasted cauliflower soup and the most delicious burger ever! Plus (and I can't emphasize this enough) they have coffee milk! I'd only seen this delicious version of chocolate milk in Rhode Island but there it was! And to make things all the better they use their profits to help those in need! The only downside was the size of the place. It's not big and when it's packed it's loud! But don't let that stop you!It's hard not to absolutely love a place that has good food and donates ALL the profits towards feeding the hungry in Philadelphia!  Let's face it people, you get to eat deliciousness and boost your karma at the same time!
Ive been in a few times and tried a handful of menu items and some were good and some were great.  The double burger is likely laced with a secret sauce of something addictive that makes me salivate as I type even.  I enjoyed the cocktails the one time I stopped in for a late night snack and I have to say, I really like that Philly has a new diner with a groovy atmosphere but w/o the substandard Cisco crap food.
Service has always been outstanding and Im always glad I went.The matzo ball soup broth is perfect but I would suggest asking them to be light handed with the fresh dill and parsley garnish. They are pretty heavy handed and it overpowers the awesomeness of the broth. They are new so still having some staffing kinks but knowing cook n solo that will get ironed out pretty quickly. Took a while to find the hostess, get water, get a menu, get the bill, and even when the bill was sitting on the counter with my credit card it was st least ten minutes before someone ran it. Definitely give this place a visit!Excellent food - not much else to say!  Chicken cutlet sandwich with the beet spread  is amazing!  Cauliflower soup amazing!!The food is incredible as you would expect from the CookNSolo restaurants (Zahav/Federal Doughnuts/Dizigoff/Abe Fisher).  It is a cool take on a luchonette...
I have been twice... my favorite items so far are the Smoked Matzo Ball Soup, the Rooster Burger, and for drink the Rooster Island Iced Tea... 
Th place is not at all stuffy, the staff is really attentive, and the food is great.  Prices for everything except the cocktails are reasonable (and during happy hour they are really cheap).  The proceeds go to charity.  It is a gem.I went there because i love the fact that it gives back to the community but it didn't have enough for variety of of soups especially now that is cold.Moment you walk past the neon sign & open the door, it's as if ur in an old school diner from the movie "Grease"! It's a cute little place full of light and bustling! 
The menu is quite limited. We ordered the Cornbread & sausage waffles with a side of fried egg: it was a totally different sort of taste- but in s good way! It was topped with drizzles of maple syrup and chopped pistachios. Definitely a must try!
The egg & cheese on a homemade biscuit was also delicious. Quite a larger version of a biscuit! 
Nevertheless, we were still hungry when we left. It's good for a light meal. 
Minus one star for the small menu & light food. But definitely a cute place!Fantastic food.   Fun diner-like atmosphere and super service.  The patty melt and mushroom barley soup were delicious.  Love the menu which includes local beer.   Feel good food at it's best.I never knew this place existed, and it was a cool small spot that I discovered. The place you can walk by since it is a basement spot, and not a 1st floor store front. I walked in and it has a very retro 60s/70s diner feel to it. It was busy on a Saturday afternoon, but I was able to get a seat at the counter. The waiter was friendly, but was not always available to check up on me. It took awhile to get a 2nd cup of coffee ( which they basically they ran out of when I wanted a 2nd one). The food was decent and it is a no frill diner food. The biscuits and gravy was delicious with a good amount of sausage in it. The bacon was also nice and crispy as well. Not a bad spot near Center City if you want some diner food.I have one thing to say... Cornbread & sausage waffles with maple syrup and two fried eggs.
I have one more thing to say... 100% of their profits go to support vulnerable Philadelphians through Broad Street Ministry's Hospitality Collaborative. 
Eat there!We had the patty melt and cups of mushroom barley and smoked matzo ball. The patty melt was delicious if a bit on the medium rare side for my wife (I loved it). I liked the like smoke flavor to the matzo ball and it has a lot of fresh parsley. The mushroom barley was rich and wonderful with lots of sliced mushrooms. And this place is giving its profits to Broad Street Ministries!  Come give it a try, you won't be disappointed.The fact that this is a social enterprise helps. Customer service is spectacular. The food is average though and I've been twice so far. The fact that my check goes 100% to support vulnerable local families IS awesome. I do wish that I didn't have to sacrifice flavor. But, I will. I'll be back again and will lower my expectations because I care a lot about what they're doing.3.5 *
Love the concept, mixed feelings about the food.
Wasn't too thrilled with their seasonal vegetarian soup option (July).   It was a beet/pomegranate chilled soup that left my stomach up in the air.  The beet was shredded in the soup and I think if it was pureed it may have been much better.   I wouldn't order this again. 
Their website wasn't updated and I was looking forward to trying the broccolini sandwich, but they only had a beet sandwich which was actually pretty good.     
The restaurant is cute, service was friendly.  Just wish there were more sandwich options for vegetarians.Loved the concept & loved the food. Had the smoked matzoh ball soup, cornbread waffle & bacon, egg & cheese biscuit sandwich - all delicious! Waited Mikd was great.A simple menu with a focus on soups & sandwiches. The soups are the highlight of this cute little luncheonette. And who doesn't love the story of the restaurant. Delicious comfort food for a good cause. What's not to like?Solid 1st trip here. We both got the brunch omelette, which was nicely done - cheese, asparagus, nicely cooked eggs, etc. we were wishing it came with something else besides a little salad so we ordered two latkes. They were very dense and round, unlike most latkes I've had before, which are flat. The potatoes were still cooked on the inside, despite the thicker surrounding.
The service was a little slow once it got busier, and we ended up with a totally different server halfway through the meal. Totally cool luncheonette feel and very bright. Hoping to try more next time I'm here - love supporting important local philanthropic work.Grinch here.  First I will start with the good.  The service was excellent and our bartender/server at the counter was gracious.  I love the mission.  Who wouldn't?  The only thing is that with all of the accolades, as being one of the best new restaurants to emerge on the scene (award winning chef, etc...), I was not impressed in the least by the food, specifically the soup.  I tried 2 varieties- matzo ball and an Italian vegetable soup.  The bar was set pretty high.  They were both OK ("good"), but not, in my opinion, inspired.  The atmosphere strives to be unpretentious, like the luncheonettes of old, but in so doing seems to have lost the spirit of those places, which was a communal place for the common man to eat.  What struck me while I was eating was the disconnect in pricing.  We spent about $40 for lunch, for 2, and it seems like a bit of hubris on the part of the proprietors. I guess they imagine "people will come."  $3 for a cup of coffee.  $7 for an average bowl of soup.  $8 for 2 eggs?  In this case, I think the pedigree of the chef was a determinant of pricing, but the offerings need to match.  Solomonov is not Alice Waters.  And 2 eggs over-easy are 2 eggs over-easy.We were a bit wary when we stopped in since there were a few mishaps from the get go, but overall we found the dishes to be inspired and delicious. We started off with a coffee, which was filled with grounds and honestly worse than diner coffee. Our server noticed the grounds and replaced it, but our new cup wasn't much better. We then received a bowl of matzo ball, which was ultimately what I had come for. This soup did not disappoint. It brought me back to my childhood and was instantly nostalgic. I absolutely loved the sprigs of fresh dill which really topped it off for me, and I found the broth to be perfectly rich and schmaltzy. We also ordered two breakfast entrees; the biscuits and gravy and a cornmeal pancake which had a batter filled with sausage and celery, as well as mint and syrup to top it off. Unfortunately my biscuits and gravy came out ice cold, however they fixed it immediately and brought out a new one. The biscuit was perfectly flaky, and it was topped with green onions which was an interesting and tasty choice. The cornbread pancake was also very interesting; the mint was such an inspired choice and oddly enough really meshed with the dish. It was the perfect mix of sweet and savory. Overall, I'm not sure this place is a must visit UNLESS you're really craving matzo. I found the service to be a bit hit and miss, and the prices were a bit high for the size of the entree, however we did enjoy our meal and as for the quality of the food, I have few complaints.It's hard to pick what to love more about this brand new spot; the food, the mission, the people, the general awesomeness of the decor. It could get five stars for just how goddamn delicious the sticky buns are alone. We went for the soft opening this morning and the breakfast was fantastic. John the GM was super welcoming, Felicia the owner was super friendly, and Olivia the server was super nice. Look forward to many return trips to try out the other vegetarian options for breakfast and lunch. 
Came back for lunch and the vegan sloppy joe was delicious. Also had a coffee milk, so good. And of course another sticky bun to go. Mmmmmmm.This underground retro diner spot is one of the newest place to eat in center city philly. Owned by the same folks that own Federal Donuts, Zahav, Abe Fisher, & Dizengoff. They are turning Samson Street into THE place to dine. Fun fact I found out after dining here, it was recently named by GQ as one of the 10 Best New Restaurants in America!
Dined here recently for lunch with a friend and we snagged two seats at the counter, which I personally think is the best spot to eat here. However there are some tables for two seated along the wall opposite the counter, and also larger tables available for any groups. Although I wouldn't recommend coming here as a group as it might be hard to snag one of those larger tables. 
We each ordered a sandwich & a cup of the soup of the day (a leek & potato soup), which was broth based (not creamy) and oh so yummy! I had the shrimp salad sandwich, overflowing with shrimp and served with hand made potato chips. Everything was delicious! My friend ordered the sandwich of the day, a meatloaf sandwich. Coincidentally enough it was the day after the meatloaf entree special, so I imagine they were just using up the leftovers for what I'm told was a delicious & filling sandwich! We finished the already filling meal by sharing a slice of the coconut custard pie! I recommend everyone finish their meal here this way!
It seems their unofficial motto might be waste-not-want-not, as they use the the unused chicken parts from Federal Donuts, that previously went to waste, to create the chicken stock used in many of their soups. 
Staff is super inviting, friendly & knowledgeable in explaining all the dishes. Even explaining that the chef recommended squeezing a bit of lemon into our leek & potato soup. Food was served fast, which I can appreciate when dining at a sit-down place for my limited lunch break. 
They also own Goldie, the new falafel spot just upstairs, that had a long line vying to get inside on the day of my visit. 
Probably the best part of the restaurant for me, outside of their delicious food, is that 100% of their profits (yes, one hundred percent) are donated to Broad Street Missionary! Such a great idea, and a business plan I'm happy to support! I will most certainly be back!What is there not to like about this place? The profits go toward a good cause and their cornbread and sausage waffles were so good I'm still thinking about them a week from my last visit to the place! The waffles were the perfect balance of crispy, sweet and savory. No maple syrup was needed! 
Portions might be a bit small for most people as I usually can't eat much but was able to polish off the entire plate. They were that good.Great feel and home-y diner vibe. Honestly such a cute restaurant. Food is solid as well! 
I ordered the cauliflower soup, which I actually didn't like too much. The consistency was sort of a liquid oatmeal and the taste was too uniform. However, seeing as how I drank it all, it couldn't have been that bad. 
The chicken pot pie is also very unique. I wouldn't say it's better or worse than the normal chicken pot pie, but rather a different monster altogether. It tastes like curry and more so like an Indian fusion chicken pot pie. It has a bit of a spice to it and has a very strong cumin taste. If you like curry, you'll definitely love this chicken pot pie. But if you're looking for something more traditional, this will probably take you by surprise. I have to say, though, that the outside crust of the chicken pot pie is SO GOOD. It's baked to a perfect crispiness that isn't too hard but still had a nice light crunch. 
Overall, great place to come!!!!(to the tune of "Zoot Suit Riot" by the Cherry Poppin' Daddies)
Who's that op'ning another spot?
It's CookNSolo, so you know it's hot.
Matzo balls flying, sammies, too.
Full bar, cocktails, just for you!
It's open all day
Soups n' sammies will satisfy.
you can't stay away
I cannot tell a lie....
(Rooster Soup RIOT
(riot)
Or you can just get a beer)x2
Rooster Soup RIOT
(RIOT)
You'll feel right at home here.
Calling to mind memories of late nights in diners and stick-to-your-ribs comfort food, Rooster Soup is food that does good (not just because 100% of profits go to support local underserved Philly residents). It warms you from the inside out.
Standouts for me include:
-smoked matzo ball soup - add a cup, always. Unless you get a bowl, and even then...
-Rooster Burger (with that "everything" sauce, it's like an everything bagel and big mac sauce had a baby. and it was more sauce.
-ANY Time they have the coconut cream pie, it's a must-get.
-Late night Breakfast - once a month, it's the most important meal of the day PLUS karaoke. 
I've seen some of the sandwiches friends have purchased and thought "that was a steep price for the amount of food they received" but generally have been happy with my menu items. That said, the menu I see today is wildly different than it was before, so it seems to be evolving seasonally.
Sometimes the staff forgets things, or gets swamped and seems overwhelmed (probably tough to navigate a slender space in the long, but skinny, restaurant) but they've always recovered.The concept/mission behind this place is incredible. Their proceeds go entirely to charity, and they're very sustainable in the way they source their food.
I've come here for weekend brunch twice. The atmosphere is set up like an old school diner, but the food is like diner gone slightly foodie. I've never had to wait for a table when I've come here. The menu is still pretty basic however, and small with not too many options, which is one reason why I knock it down to 4 stars. Once I ordered the granola parfait, the other time I ordered the egg sandwich. The parfait was served in a bit of an annoying way, very overfilled and brimming over and served in a mug that was difficult to eat out of. Both times I came with a friend and we split the coffee cake to start, which was delicious. Great coffee.From the team at Federal Donuts comes the first restaurant to donate 100% of their profits to charity. The service was great! The food was solid, although a tad salty. I had the vegan cauliflower soup which had great texture and complexity of flavor. The BLT had a latke & pickled green tomato- it was nice and garlicky on soft brioche bread, just a little bit salty. I took advantage of the partnership with Tired Hands to get the Federal Donuts made tripel IPA. Yum!! I would definitely come back!!Everything here is great, the drinks, the meetballs, the brunch, and the burger is perfect. This is yet another gem from solomonov who is easily pushing his way to the top of the Philly food chain (pun intended). Only suggestion would be to allow milkshakes to be delivered from golide which is upstairs.Came here for happy hour and was quite pleased! We went on a Wednesday, so if you're looking to avoid the city sips crowd, this place is a definite must: no crowds, great food and drink specials ranging from $4-6, and attentive service, even though we were seated all the way in the back area. Happy hour is typically only at the bar but since we were celebrating a coworker leaving, we had a small group and they let us sit at a table. 
Only down side would be the small menu and that they seemed to run out of a few main items while we were there including the rhubarb pie and happy hour burger, though it was only 6pm. However, the curry soup was delicious, creamy and well spiced.Great atmosphere; friendly staff; tasty food. Love the modern-take-on-a-diner decor. Lentil/avacado sloppy Joe a big hit. Patty melt: good flavor with a slightly new interpretation. Coffee milkshake was intensely flavorful and they added malt at our request! Try it.I am thinking I need to give Rooster Soup another shot because it obviously has so much potential, and I love that the proceeds go to a good cause. 
On this particular evening, I came with 3 friends and sat in the front window booth. I was immediately charmed by the retro diner feel of the place. I was extra charmed that Happy Hour prices applied to the window booth, and that they had a delicious pumpkin beer on tap. Great start, great start. 
Onto the food. I am weirdly into caesar salads, and despite my gut telling me to be adventurous for once, I ordered my old go-to and wasn't a huge fan. They used pears in this version, which was an interesting bite, but the dressing was distinctly anchovy-y (in a bad way, for me). If you like your caesar like this, I'd say go for it, you'll probably love it.
I also had to try a cup of soup (hello, rooster SOUP, duh), so I went with the butternut and apple bisque which was BOMMMMMBBBBB. Should've gotten a bowl. I really love that they offer the cup of soup/salad combo. 
Didn't try dessert on this occasion, but like I said, I'll be back.Love the ethics of Rooster Soup Co., which is a partnership between Federal Donuts and Broad Street Ministry's Hospitality Collaborative: a for-profit restaurant that donates those profits, for meals, counseling, medical and personal care services, and legal aid to Philadelphia's homeless and food-deprived communities.
It's also super cute: old fashioned diner atmosphere, with great comfort food--meatball sandwich was terrific, as were the well-seasoned fries! Most tables seat 2, so if you come with more, expect to try your luck at getting seats together at the bar.Love that Rooster Soup gives all its profits to Broad Street Ministry, so when a Solomonov fan from Boston came to visit it made sense to go there for an informal dinner on Sunday evening.  What a disappointment. Beet salad was fine but uninteresting; my daughter's fries were so salty they were inedible; and the delicious-sounding San pellegrino blood orange float tasted exactly like a baby aspirin instead of like a creamsicle.  Bleah. Too bad Dizengoff doesn't have better seating.Went with a large group and the food and service were top notch (hard to accomplish). Diner setting and simple menu but everything we tried was excellent. The carrot & coconut soup, cheeseburger and broccoli rabe were standouts. Even more importantly, 100% of the net profits go to the Broad St Ministry which feeds the homeless and hungry in Philly. Bravo to Cook and Solomonov for using their success to make a difference in the world.I love  this place! Great soups and warm, friendly atmosphere. Service is wonderful and the food was very good! Leave room for some pie, one of my favorite desserts.Came here for the happy hour, as the cheap bars nearby were overcrowded. I like that this place has an old diner vibe, and it's a little tucked away. This place had a basic selection of cocktails and about 5 draft beers that come in ~12 oz glasses ($3 during happy hour - can't complain). Drinks were strong enough and everyone was happy. My whiskey sour had a nice froth and leaned more towards a balanced sour flavor than the whiskey itself. I'd come back. Definitely feels like a little secret spot...for now...I really enjoyed breakfast at Rooster Soup!! It was cozy, friendly and delicious place.  Sausage waffle was awesome !! My children enjoyed here too! I really hope visit here again!!This is a new place on Samson that I've been meaning to check out.  Pretty cool set up - old diner style and you can have yourself a drink.  This place is owned by the same people who own Federal Donuts.  Also - proceeds from the sales goes towards a good cause tonight.  
I got the rooster burger, that comes with mushrooms, onions, everything sauce on a potato roll.  The fries were great - crispy and had some seasonings (old bay?).  I love the potato bun.  
I was still hungry by the end of the meal.  Solid flavorsI've had their Rooster Burger, cookie milkshake, smoked matzo ball soup, and sweet potato coconut curry soup. My favorite was definitely the curry soup, and they give a decent amount with the cup size. I also liked how they give pickled vegetables with the burger. In my opinion, the food isn't something to write home about, but it's decent and for a good cause.If you like a feel-good place to eat, look no further than Rooster Soup Company.  This subterranean diner-like establishment turns over all its profits to support the homeless and food programs of the Broad Street Ministry in Center City.  It got props from me before I even ate there.  But the good news is that this is a great place to eat.  It's extremely attractive looking on the inside and everyone who works here is totally friendly.....I mean totally friendly.   My vegan roasted cauliflower soup was very tasty and I enjoyed my sandwich consisting of tuna melt on challah bread as well.  So c'mon guys - eat here to help fund homeless programs.  I gotta give it five stars!Love this place! New lunch spot. Friendly waiters and cheap food.
Lunch combo: Thai Noodle Carrot Soup with Grilled Shrimp + Cup of Matzo Ball Soup = $16. 
Extra plus: Salad with amble shrimp. Most restaurants can be stingy ... but Rooster gives you 6 large size shrimps on the salad for the extra $3 bucks
Forgot to take a picture of the food to
Post since I enjoyed the meal so much ;)I really wanted to love this restaurant, but it unfortunately fell a little short for me. I focused my star rating predominantly on the value of my dollar at this restaurant. I love the concept of this restaurant and the fact that this restaurant has a mission. The food is definitely good, and the retro modern diner feel is definitely really fun and unique to Philly (especially if you're looking for a new place to go after many many dining events at The Continental). The waitstaff is impeccable. However, I do echo the feedback from most that the portion sizes for the price are on the smaller side. Additionally, the Bloody Mary (while a great deal on the weekend - only $5!) is unfortunately way too pointedly peppery. I wish it had more dimension and complexity in flavor. Overall, it's a good place to dine, though I would not necessarily recommend it among the amazing portfolio of the Zahav restaurants.We were really hungry & landed here because of their connection to Broad Street Ministry. We enjoyed cups of sweet potato coconut curry soup, burgers, & quinoa salad.  Low key but very loud.  Good service & filling lunches.Delicious. Good price and happy hour. All profits go to homeless..like old fashioned diner with pie case and all. Breakfast is good too. My favorite is wine in can they serve is good actually. I'll be a regular for sure. Cauliflower soup and blue plate special are my favoritesOnly stopped in for a pre-dinner soup. Had a cup of the cauliflower soup. Pretty good soup. Will be back if I want soup. Service was also pleasant.Soup was great but they gave a really small portion :( it didn't even fill half the bowl. The salad was also great. The server ran around a lot, which was kinda distracting but the place wasn't super packed so I think they was just bored. It was really wonderful food though, I will be back.The reviews are true, this place is great! I came here with a friend last week or so and thought that the food, ambiance and service we're all very good. I couldn't see it from the street, because it's downstairs, under ground. The menu was somewhat limited for brunch, but still good. They also have specials at they run daily.Had a fantastic customer served ce experience, so incredibly rare!! Visited for dinner on 1/14/2018 explained we were in  a rush and got whisked by manager to big table in the back. The waiter took our order ASAP and manager came back to check several times to make sure that things were moving quickly, that our order had been taken etc. The manager and the waiter were just flat out nice and super accommodating zero attitude even thought we were being very demanding. Food was great chicken schnitzel was great, fries had a good seasonings, very different than what you normally get. Son had the cornbread waffles which are a bit esoteric for kids but were loved by the adults, Ceaser was great as well as the matzoh ball soup and the cauliflower soup. Even more amazing we had a picky eater that insisted on getting a Tahini shake from Goldie's upstairs and nobody batted an eye when we went to get it. Food was great but service was amazing and real. Will continue to go back again and again!Came here yesterday and had some mixed results. Food was excellent, but service was mixed. 
That said, the GM was extremely responsive and took responsibility for his server and a difficult situation. 
Kudos to John, as this is a trait we rarely see in society. Taking responsibility for ones employees is truly noble, and needs to be lauded. 
Will give the rooster a 2nd shot and will post a revision after that visit.This was the worst brunch I have ever experienced. The Bloody was horrible. There were 5 options on the menu, which normally means that those 5 things are really good, but this was awful. Way, way too expensive. Service was good thoLet me start by saying that I think what this place is doing is remarkable. 100% of the proceeds go to charity, and I think that's something to be celebrated. 
If you blinked, you'd miss Rooster Soup. It's a below-street-level, retro diner vibe. A friend and I decided to drop in on a Sunday afternoon when searching for brunch. We were sat immediately, and while it was busy, there was no shortage of available seating. 
The menu made me nervous. As it was around 1 pm, we missed breakfast, which ends at 11 am. With the 5 or 6 breakfast options nixed, there were only about 9 menu items to choose from, 4 soups and maybe 5 or 6 sandwiches. There were also a small handful of off menu daily specials.I worried my friend and I would have to bounce, because not only were we both craving breakfast, but my friend is a vegetarian and there were maybe three items on the menu that catered to my friend's diet. While the menu was limited, the price was right and we were hungry, so we decided to stay. 
I ordered a $7 bowl of the Matzo Ball soup, and my friend ordered an iced coffee and a $4 cup of the cauliflower soup. While the soup was delicious and satiating. I'm not one to ever order or voluntarily eat soup, but I enjoyed the entire bowl, the matzo balls were on point, and I definitely drank every last drop of the broth. The cauliflower soup was creamy and looked absolutely delicious. The smells coming from the grill were amazing, and made me wish I had ordered one of their melty sandwiches.
Overall, I was impressed with Rooster Soup, and I'm excited to see how they pave the way for giving back.Not sure why I never went and can't wait to go back.  Had the pork belly with cheddar grits mixed in a savory sauce. Unreal. Also had a little bit of the burger and it was far better than expected. Looking forward to going back...tomorrow most likely.Not only is the food great here but the fact that they donate 100% of it's profits is even better. The roasted cauliflower soup and the coconut cream pie are to die for! highly recommended!I love love love the soup here and the fact that I am doing good while simultaneously sipping a delicious bowl.  
Try the mushroom barley and the roasted cauliflower for vegetarian options.  The lentil sloppy joe is also solid.
For those who need meat, try the smoked matzo ball soup with the bacon, latke, and tomato sandwich on challah.  It's a very delish combo - just trust me.
And don't forget to finish with the coconut cream pie: smooth, creamy, and the perfect dessert.
Worth a visit for sure!Great, small and personable restaurant. Waiter and other staff were open and welcoming. Food is "home cooked", feels "great at the bottom of your stomach" type of food. For example, my husband had the cauliflower soup and lentil sloppy joes, I had a fantastic tuna sandwich (not drenched in mayonnaise). Be mindful of the address because we walked by it at least 3 timesDelicious food with a purpose!  I came in with my elderly dad and my service dog.  They intuitively asked if we wanted a quieter table (we did - thank you!) and brought water for my dog (thank you!)
I'm a vegetarian and had the broccolini melt - FANTASTIC!!!  Never had anything like it.  Pops had the potato leek soup and loved it.
Great service.  Staff was friendly, professional, efficient.
A don't miss.Yum! Definitely coming back.
Delicious soups and burgers, heard rave reviews about other dishes. Very yummy cocktails: I tried whiskey sour and Bloody Mary! Super nice staff! Good cause!!I love this place. I have been twice for lunch, and each time I was WOWED by the food and service. The manager, John, is fantastic, and greets everyone that walks through the door. I noticed that he made a point to chat with all the customers. You don't see that too much at other places. The sandwiches and soups are truly delicious. This place gets packed at lunch time. It's best to go prior to Noon, or after 1:30 pm to be guaranteed a seat. I arrived shortly after Noon during my last visit, and we waited about 20 minutes for a table.I've been having the strangest cravings for matzo ball soup and Rooster Soup did not disappoint.
Must get: mazto ball soup, banana cream pie, smoked trout tartine, panna cotta
Meh: roasted cauliflower soup, beer braised pork
Missed out: whitefish sandwich
I was quite impressed with the overall vibe of Rooster Soup. It's tucked in the...I guess basement of the building as you're walking down Sansom St, easy to miss unless you know what's what. The establishment has an authentic classic diner vibe, with milkshake and the whole nine yards. My favorites were definitely the matzo ball soup and the tartine sandwich. The smoked trout is made in a face-up style with fresno peppers, fennel and house made bread. It's really unique and something you can't find at many restaurants. The beer braised pork didn't have much of a kick in comparison. As for dessert, we shared the banana cream pie and the burnt ginger panna cotta. While I'm always a fan of banana-anything, I was surprised by how gentle the panna cotta was on my taste palate, it was neither too sweet or overwhelming. The only downside was that the service was a bit hit-n-miss and our waiter kept on forgetting our request and appeared flustered and forgetful. Also, the two of us spent more than $60, which was quite a bit for lunch.
Anyway, Rooster soup is a nice lunch spot, just be wary that you may have to spend more money than expected if you want to be full.
Food: 4 stars
Price: 3 stars
Service: 3 stars
Ambiance: 4 starsAmazing food and for a great cause plus they had bottomless mimosa's!!! Can't rave enough about this place!Rooster Soup is such a cute and cozy addition to the restaurants and bars on Sansom street. I came here for lunch around noon and I was happy to see that it wasn't super packed but it definitely filled up. I don't think a lot of people know about it yet especially because you have to go down a set of steps to get to the restaurant. 
The staff was very attentive without hovering. It seemed like everyone that worked there just helped out any table. We had a few different people refill our water, a different person take our order and another give us our bill. 
I also really liked the simple menu with a few soup, salad and sandwich options. They also had dessert and milkshakes. They offer happy hour on weekdays with beer, wine, cocktail and meatball specials. The variety of wine beer and cocktails is not extensive but just right. 
I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich with the potato bacon and leek soup. The soup was served in a coffee mug and it was the perfect amount! I got the chicken sandwich on challah bread instead of rye and it was amazing. The bread was soft and soaked up the tasty lemon pepper mayo spread.  
I'll definitely come by again to try a few different menu options and also the HH.Went for a work lunch and I was impressed. It is hard to give a diner type lunch place a 5, but it was better than a 4. The greek salad had a very spicy vinegar dressing. It was great. I also had the bean soup which was delicious. With soup in their name, they better do great soup. They do. We are going back for the matzah ball. They were out. 
My buddy had a burger and he said it was top notch. 
My only regret is that we did not get a cream pie. Next time.Came here for their Happy Hour after it was recommended to me from a friend and was disappointed. There weren't many people inside, so it was no issue getting a seat, unlike surrounding happy hours in the city. 
The drink specials were ehhh and there were pretty much no food specials. I ended up getting a chicken sandwich and it was super overpriced, it didn't even come with fries, so I got a side of fries that were literally doused with salt. 
The service was also not too great which was wild because the restaurant was empty and the aesthetic was very diner-esque. The worst part was that they close at 8 pm?!?! I definitely wasn't ready to leave at that time, but oh well. 
What I do love about Rooster Soup is that 100 percent of the proceeds go to Broad Street Ministry. That's pretty dope, but I likely will not be back. :(Great service! Food was excellent, egg and cheese sandwich on the biscuit is a home run. The atmosphere is wonderful, kind of like a 70s diner which fits perfectly.This place is good simple food. Owned by the same owners of Goldie - they hold true to what Goldie does, which is make a few dishes incredibly well. One of the most striking things about this place is the diner-style seating and the limited menu. I got the breakfast sandwich with a biscuit and I haven't looked back. The biscuit was fluffy and crumbly and it was filled with the perfect amount of eggs, cheese, and meat. This place has the portion sizes down - it's enough to fill, but not overfill. I will say though that this place is not cheap - and that breakfast sandwich ran me around $11, but if you're looking for a tasty breakfast - there is no place better.Literally my first few hours of being a resident of Phila (why does the whole word have to be so long? Does it make me cool or weird for saying "phila"?) Also, is itj ust me or is every place in pennsylvania some unnecessarily long name? wtf?
Anyways, so after walking down a few streets I've never been on before, I came across this place. There's another place that I was originally intending on patronizing (Lol, this is the first time I'm using that word in this context) but the line was so fucking long and ain't NOBODY got time. This place was beneath. Because we were literally emaciating to the point that my GI tract was probably digesting itself for a source of fuel, we stepped in here. After sitting down I confirmed on yelp this place was legit. 
Wait staff was friendly and I immediately went for the eggs. Segues are beneath me.
I also saw dogfish head on the menu. I'm a delaware alum so this was a necessary order for me. 
Ok fine I was out with my parents again. Now I'm even starting to doubt if I have friends. Constanza ordered this shrimp salad thing. Michael ordered a chicken sandwich. 
Eggs were run of the mill scrambled. They accommodated my request for almost on fire. Eggs were accompanied by thick Texas toast and this interesting potato substance whose flavor resembled a latke. Despite the oniony flair, it was very enjoyable.
In summary, it was cheap but the portions were small relative to what I'm used to in 'MURICA. It wasn't spectacular but it was solid.Although quite tasty, portions are small and prices high.  Recognizing this is for a fantastic cause, if a restaurant is going to serve food make sure the portions are enough so the person doesn't leave feeling hungry, which I did...and I was not the only one who felt this way.  Perhaps in time they'll adjust as it has only been open a short time.  Fingers crossed.I had a fabulous late Saturday morning lox and bagel breakfast platter here and was very impressed with the food, service and cool music they were playing. 
Looks like a good spot for a burger and a beer as well.Amazing! Everyone should go to this place .. no everyone should make this a spot they become regulars at . It's a great cause and great food. What can beat that? Oh a bar; they have that too.I've gone a couple of times for dinner and the food is delicious and reasonably priced, the staff is very friendly, it's not too crowded, and it's a fun upscale-diner type atmosphere. Definitely one of my favorite casual eats downtown!The first time here, I loved it. The server was awesome and he explained the specials and the food and drinks were terrific.
I went this past week and I had to push the waitress to give me some info. It was like I was bothering her. It was made worse when new people came in, she was super nice to them. It was odd. The drink and small $5 special burger were both tasty.
I will go back, maybe the first server or some one like them will be there. The happy hour deals are hard to beat on quality and price.Great food! The pot pie is amazing, the beef soup was hearty and tasty, and the latke blt was super tasty. A little salty, but awesome. They have a bar which is awesome, and the space is great. The owner came by and was meeting every table which was nice.
Good food, and an awesome cause. I will happily continue to support this awesome cause by eating tasty food.I'd have given it 5 stars if they filled the soup up closer to the brim. I'd say you get like 80% of a cup. Delicious and hearty was the vegetable beef.So let me start off by saying I didn't try the food. Which is disappointing cause the menu looked great. But i did sit at the bar for a little while drinking my $5 bloody mary and $5 mimosa. They're available for 5 bucks during happy hour on Saturday and Sunday. Well worth the price. Also for bloody mary sold, money is donated to the Broad Street Ministry. Amazing! Now you can give back just by drinking a bloody mary!I am torn. The mission of the place is great but my order wasn't. The soup was so salty that I had to send mine back. Even the coconut cream pie was salty. 
For the small portions and high salt content, the prices are much too high.My friend and I enjoyed a tasty lunch at Rooster Soup and both plan to return frequently. Philosophy is meaningful, food is great, and service is friendly, professional , and attentive. The large portion of cauliflower soup was more than plenty, also delicious. Banana cream pie is as great as Grandma's. I encourage all to enjoy and support this great, little diner. Very clean also.The food is amazing here! I got the cauliflower soup. It was like a little cup of heaven! The Thai Carrot salad was also very good. The portion was a lot bigger than it looked, and I had to take half of it with me. The service was excellent, and the staff were all very friendly. I was just visiting Philly, but would love to come back here to sample some other menu items if I visit Philly again.Phenomenal food- outstanding service- great diner feel... everyone is so friendly... will definitely come back!! The cauliflower soup is to die for!! And the carrot salad is yum yum!! Come have a great meal and help Philadelphians in need too!!Clearly, I stand behind their mission but I can't continue to help through them when they offer a terrible product. I ordered my favorite soup, matzo ball soup and got a caesar salad with it. The salad was soggy with dressing and it tasted like someone threw fish oil all over it. Old fishy oil. It was disgusting. If the croutons were not drenched in that, they would have been tasty. 
Now the matzo ball soup. The broth tasted like a powder packet broth and the matzo ball had a thick film over the entire thing like it had been sitting somewhere developing a callous. It was far too dense and while they called it "smoked", it tasted like weird sausage.
Ugh, I don't know where these positive reviews are coming from, I was so disappointed.Long due to try Rooster Soup that is located a stone's throw away from my apartment and I'm sure disappointed I didn't try sooner. Arrived a few minutes after happy hour ended and the deals looks fantastic. First off I loved the concise beer list that are all on tap. After my first bite of the meatball sandwich I was hooked. The food arrived very quick after placing the order. Didn't have room to taste dessert but sounded amazing. Perfect place for a quick sit down meal.Food was unbelievable staff was great can't wait to come back and try more of this foodI just watched the story on CBS news. A inspired story not only of the model for this restaurant, but a great story of the owners friendship and overcoming the odds of adiction. I wish you the best and hope this story will inspire others like myself to help others.Very friendly and accommodating staff. 
Small but tasty and fresh menu. I stopped in for lunch and had the mushroom soup with the chicken cutlet sandwich with beets, delicious and fresh-hot!
It absolutely warms my heart that this restaurant was opened for such a good cause.
Will definitely be back!Such a lovely place. Great vegetarian options and my margarita inspired cocktail was delicious. I'd go back.I love everything about this concept. I was skeptical that the food was going to be just OK, but I was so wrong. Oddly enough, even my salad was to dire for. When do you say that about a salad?Second time dining at Rooster Soup, this time for Happy Hour, and didn't disappoint. The fantastic selection of craft beers and discounted prices is a deal you can't beat anywhere else. The coolest part of this visit was when owner Mike Solomonov himself walked in. I live a half a block away and afraid this will be my new favorite spot.I love the mission and the decor and the service was spectacular, but I'm sad to say I wasn't too impressed by the food at Rooster Soup. 
I will most definitely give it another try  since every single other thing about the place was really fantastic. Hopefully the team can make a few changes and provide some more options to the menu and make some modifications to the current options. Salty yet bland at the same time.Broccolini Cheesesteak & Smoked Matzo Ball soup is absolutely perfect on those days you want a comfort lunch that's not too pricey. The vibe is great for a novelty business lunch. Not to mention my food was here before I even finished my email! Super fast and pleasant experience!The combo is a steal! You get a sandwich and a cup of soup for $13, although, I couldn't stop at one cup, and I had to order another! I had the patty melt and mushroom barley soup. When the patty melt first came out, I was quite disappointed in its size. I thought it'd be thicker, but it comes with chips. I didn't think it'd be filling enough, but I could barley (pun intended) finish the second cup of soup! Everything was really good, and I'll definitely be back to try more of their options.
The people who work here are so fun to be around! They made the experience even better!Fresh ingredients that pack a lot of flavors - the menu is not big and the items may sound simple but the devil's in the details, like the herbs in the matzo ball soup to sprinkles of currants in the Thai carrot salad. Enjoyed my lunch and will be back to checkout their happy hour!I am a foodie and if I could give this place a zero I would!  The chicken pot pie had less then a teaspoon of chicken.   I think they donated all their chicken to Broad Street Ministries.   Absolutely the worst meal I've had in a restaurant in years.   Had the worst heart burn from this meal.   It amazes me this restauranteur is doing as well as he is.The atmosphere here is great. It has an old diner feel, but livelier and cleaner. Seating is a bit tight, but I sat at the counter.  I got the grilled cheese of the day and a mug of tomato soup. This was the best possible meal on a cold, snowy day. The grilled cheese seemed to basically be a cheese fondu- Brie, cheddar, parm, white wine, and chives- rather than slices of cheese. It was excellent. The tomato soup was thick and rich and filling, with a few goldfish crackers on the top. I wish the sandwich came with chips or a few fries, but hey. It's cheap, and you're helping out a great charity.One thing I love about being in the city is all the mom-and-pop type food establishments. I'm not a big fan of the big box chain restaurant so I go out of my way to find Little gems like this place in the city. The atmosphere is great the staff is amazing, and a wealth of information if you do you have allergy issues. Not only will enjoy a great meal and a quaint atmosphere, but you leave there with a pleasant were missed in your heart knowing that all proceeds from your meal go to feed the homeless.I went there for lunch based on the Yelp reviews and they did not disappoint. The shrimp salad sandwich was amazing! The shrimp was perfectly cooked and of good quality. I would go back and get the sandwich again or maybe even two, it was that good...We had a wonderful experience at Rooster Soup Company yesterday. I organized a large reservation a week or so in advance, and Neira and John were incredibly kind and accommodating even as the numbers of our group changed. When we arrived, we were treated so warmly. Kids were welcome (even our too wild ones), allergies and food restrictions were handled with ease, and our waiter was attentive and kind the whole time. Everyone enjoyed their food. My six year old was very impressed with his yogurt and granola, while I enjoyed matzo ball soup and eggs, toast, and potatoes. We chose to eat at Rooster Soup Company because of its wonderful mission. John was kind enough to explain it to us and give us a background on the Broad Street Ministry and on how the restaurant got started. It was a perfect evening and we appreciate how tasty the food was and how kind the service was. We'll be back!Loved the vibe, loved the service, loved the food. 
We had the meatball sub and chicken schnitzel sandwich both were really tasty. 
Next time I'll try a cocktail and a burger because the happy hour deals are great. 
Bonus you get to help provide food for others as well.My husband and I were wondering around in Philly and trying to figure out what we wanted to have for brunch. We found this place through Yelp. Turned out it was not a bad choice.
This place was very crowded during the brunch time on a Sunday. We sat at the bar. The waiter was very friendly. We decided to get the biscuit and gravy, the Greek salad and the coconut cream pie. The coconut cream pie was the must have, which was creamy, fluffy but not too sweet.I went to rooster soup with a friend for brunch and had a great time. It was a cold and rainy day in philly and rooster seemed like the perfect place for brunch. I got the mushroom sandwich with a fried egg on top and it was delicious. For 11 bucks the portion was perfect. It wasn't too crowded and we were able to get seats at the bar as soon as we walked in. For brunch they also have $5 mimosas and bloody Mary's which is always a great perk. The waiter was very nice and was able to answer all our question. The best part of the meal was learning about how 100% of the profits of rooster soil go to feeding low income people in philly.Rooster Soup is a completely charming diner and has the feel of an old fashioned luncheonette. Though the menu is small, it offers a nice cross section. We loved the mission and wanted to eat there simply for that. Unfortunately our meal had some serious flaws. We had a matzo ball soup and a beef vegetable soup and both were so salty we couldn't eat them.  My friend had a chicken sandwich which was okay, our other friend had Greek salad which is served as a chop salad which resembled a big mush with 1/2 cup mod dressing soaking the whole salad. It was more like soup. The whole thing was so salty, my friend couldn't eat it I had the chocolate shake which was very good and the tuna melt, which wasn't a melt but more of a plain tuna sandwich on toast with a slice of unmelted cheese. It was okay, but why call it a melt?  The service was good and attentive. Always want to support a restaurant that has a good cause. We are regulars at Federal Donuts so we expected a different experience.Delicious food, incredible service. The waiter suggested I get the breakfast potatoes to substitute the bread (which I don't eat) and it was UNREAL. Great restaurant supporting a great cause.Had a nice breakfast.  We were seated after about a 15 minute wait.   The food came out pretty quickly and was good.  Service could have been friendlier but an otherwise great spot to eat.  Would go again next time I'm in Philly.I've been to Rooster soup three times so far since it opened. It's become one of my favorite local spots to grab lunch while I'm at work. The food is great, the mission is wonderful, and the staff is attentive and friendly. Even in the midst of a crazy lunch rush, my servers at the lunch counter and the management have taken time to touch base and chat. It really makes the place feel like a great neighborhood spot that you want to be a regular at. The vegan options are awesome and I always leave feeling full. It's a great addition to the area and I'm looking forward to more visits.The diner ambience was really nice, but the menu was a bit limited.  That said, we found things that we liked.  We started with a broccolini Caesar salad.  It was unique ... and excellent.  I'd definitely get that again.  No lettuce, just the broccolini perfectly steamed, bread crumbs, and a Caesar dressing.  Really good.  
Our main courses came immediately after the salad and that was disappointing (well, let me be honest ... I'd taken one bite of the salad when they arrived).  My choice was one of the specials, a pasta with ricotta and fresh peas.  It was really good and very Spring-like but there was something about the liquidness of the sauce that was not visually attractive ... but the taste was fine.  My wife got the ham sandwich.  The homemade biscuit was delicious.  The ham was spectacular, with the perfect mix of smokiness and salt.  It was served with a pimento cheese that she liked but I did not (but that's me and I know many people, including her - and probably everyone from the South as well - would disagree with me on that.
We were intrigued by the pineapple upside down cake, so we shared a slice.  It was so good, really moist in the cake part and the caramelized part was wonderful.  The old-fashioned maraschino cherry was cute.
They have soups (as the name would imply), but it was a lovely Spring evening and soup didn't seem to fit, but I'd go back and try them in the Autumn or Winter (or even Summer if they add some cold ones to the menu).I had the matzoh ball soup, kale caesar salad, and bacon latke tomato sandwich on rye, all delicious, not too fussy, and perfect sizes! It was a great meal and I will definitely be returning!Really enjoyed lunch here today.  I had the patty melt, which might be the best patty melt I've ever had. Ever. 
The space is gorgeous and a stunning transformation from the previous tenant.Delicious food with a great mission. Thank you, for a perfect addition to the Philly scene. Great burger, coffee and pie! Will be back for happy hour.Stopped by Rooster Soup as it was one of the few places open on Labor Day and afterwards, I was happy that it was! Both sandwiches that our party ordered were well-portioned and tasty! Unfortunately, it was too warm for soup and I didn't leave room for dessert, which looked phenomenal, but I'll definitely be stopping by again to try both.The charitable purpose of this place is awesome and respectable, but the food options and quality are inferior to its nearby competitors for lunch. I went there today for lunch for the first time. It looks like an old-styled diner, but well kept. All of the tables were full, so I sat at the counter.  I got the chicken cutlet sandwich for $9, and added the mushroom barley soup for $3. The soup was a bit on the salty side, but was otherwise tasty. It was served in a small coffee mug. It was not served with crackers, and I think it should have been. Some crackers would have definitely helped undercut the saltiness. The chicken cutlet sandwich was served with kettle chips and a pickle. The cutlet itself was cooked pretty well. The beet spread was actually delicious. My biggest problem with the sandwich was the bread. Martin's bread? Really? I highly doubt that a local, fresher and tastier bread would be that much more expensive. We are in Philly, which has and is surrounded by amazing bread bakeries.  I live in Philly, and even when I host barbecues or make sandwiches at my home, I stop by Sarcones, Reading Terminal or another local spot and pick up some fresh bread. Even rolls from Aversas would have greatly changed the taste and appearance of the sandwich. My co-worker got the burger and found the meat to be too salty and overcooked (they didnt ask him how he liked it cooked) and the bread underwhelming. 
The menu options left more to be desired. There are just a few sandwiches and a few salads. Again, I love the charitable concept, but this place needs more than that to keep me coming back to eat.  I honestly even enjoyed the sandwich and soup that I had Devon Blakely yesterday far more. While I likely wont be back, I wish them the best.It's hard to pick what to love more about this brand new spot; the food, the mission, the people, the general awesomeness of the decor. It could get five stars for just how goddamn delicious the sticky buns are alone. We went for the soft opening this morning and the breakfast was fantastic. John the GM was super welcoming, Felicia the owner was super friendly, and Olivia the server was super nice. Look forward to many return trips to try out the other vegetarian options for breakfast and lunch.This is a great place for lunch in Philly. Love the vibe and social mission. Highly recommend if you want a quick bite for a good price.Love the story and mission behind this place, as well as the retro diner feel when you walk in! Came in for lunch during the week and ordered the panzanella salad (a special that day), while my friends ordered the caesar and shrimp salads. Everyone agreed the food was delicious but pricey for the portion in my opinion. But again, love that 100% of its profits go to Broad Street Ministry so I can't really complain!I agree with the general consensus. The food was okay, on the saltier side. Our server was nice enough, a little scattered but I'll assume he's new. All in all- our experience was okay. I gave 3 stars because I'm a fan of what they do. 100% of their profits go to the Broad Street Ministry and that's definitely something I can get behind.What's not to love?  Tasty food, friendly and unfussy service and great value all the while giving back by simply enjoying your meal!   The mushroom barley soup was delicious without being heavy, the broccolini melt sandwich packed the right amount of flavor that you almost didn't miss the roast pork (I love a good roast pork sandwich what can I say - with that said I would get this melt again in a heart beat and the Yemenite pot pie elevated what can often be a comforting yet bland dish a perfectly and interestingly seasoned meal. Oh the coconut cream pie? Also 5 stars.Rooster soup company is a great place to go if you're looking for some home style food and a place that gives to those in need go here!!!!!!Very interesting place!  I'm a huge Federal Donuts fan, so when I stumbled upon this restaurant, I had to try it.  Great, unique menu.  I tried the cornbread sausage waffles, and was at first overwhelmed by flavor.  I ate every bite, and was definitely more satisfied than I anticipated being from some waffles!  I want to go back to try their lunch and/or dinner options.  Beer is served, too!Awesome place for brunch. Make sure you make a reservation on weekends if you want to sit at a table.Quaint little shop below ground level- easy to miss !  They take the proceeds and offer soup to those in need but serve them like guests so it's Not a Soup kitchen. We ordered soup to-go so we could bring it to our sick friend. I tried the Penicillin cocktail and it was just alright. But I liked the establishment and what they are trying to do there... next time I'll try the soup!A solid place for good food with a side of social consciousness. Really enjoyed the biscuits and sausage gravy (brunch) as well as the burger (lunch). Portions are not overly-large, but I certainly didn't leave hungry!The restaurant is adorable and the food was delicious. I had the vegan lentil sloppy Joe and would absolutely go back for another serving. The staff was welcoming and prompt. I'm excited for a new spot for good food and a great cause.If you're looking for that warm coup of soup on a cold winter's day, LOOK NO FURTHER. Go here. Trust me. Not that you know me, but trust me. Very comforting food and a good drink menu to boot. Come for the Yemenite pot pie, and matzo ball soup; stay for the craft brews and mixed drinks.The food here has fine dining flavor, but everything about the place itself is super casual. 
Get. The. Egg. And. Cheese. Biscuit. Get the coconut cream pie as brunch dessert. They won't judge you. I would never have believed myself a coconut cream pie fan until a friend forced a bite of this on me. The layers of flavor are like no other cream pie you've ever tasted. 
Truly the most underrated brunch in the city AND 100% of profits go to the Broad Street Ministry. Can't beat it.My fianc picked up a quart of the Smoke Matzo Ball Soup for dinner last night, and it is BANGIN'. The matzo balls were packaged separately, so it was a full quart of just the soup base, plus 4 giant matzo balls. Super easy to transport. The matzo balls were huge and delicious - the most delightful smokiness, and a nice consistency. The broth was light but flavorful, with a nice mix of veggies. I'm excited to eat in (looking at that stocked bar!) and try more of the menu.On a Sunday night my table of 3 had no problem finding seats. A quick glance at the menu revealed that Rooster Soup Co. is actually more of a diner, complete with malted shakes and meatloaf specials, but with an ingredients list that caters to the health-conscious. The prices are above average for diner food. 
I tried the matzo ball soup and coconut cream pie. I enjoyed the matzo balls because they were loaded with herbs, but the broth was very salty. The coconut cream pie was a hit - the filling and cream both had strong toasted coconut flavor throughout. If I had to point out a negative, I would say that I wish there had been more coconut filling. 
To be honest, I am only rating Rooster Soup Co. above 3 stars because of its mission-driven focus. I believe in what they are doing and will happily pay a little more than usual for diner food if by doing so I can help someone in need.I've been here three different times.  All three times were 5 star experiences.  The food is simply fantastic.  I've had the burger twice, the meatball sub, and the latest edition - the Beet Burger thing.  Who cares what it's called, it's fantastic!  Seriously, I don't even like beets.  Don't forget to try the pie, they are really tasty too!  
My server for two of my visits was Dylan.  He's the type of server you'd expect at a fancy restaurant, except not pretentious.  My mom and I split a burger and the beet burger.  He made sure the cook cut it in half and plated it for us!  We didn't ask for that or expect it.  He breaks down the food flavor profiles, includes pairings, and recommends tasty delights.  The other server, whose name I don't remember was just as good.  You'll also see, and probably be greeted by, the manager.  He's clearly doing a great job.  
The spot is clean too.  Gleaming.  While your noticing the lack of filth, look at the ambiance.  Great care went in to the decor.  Sit in the back for a view of the artwork thanking donors that made this place possible.  Don't look too closely or you'll miss out. 
Donors for a restaurant?  Basically a bunch of really good people got together and decided to make a difference in the community.  Federal Donuts, Broad Street Ministry, and a bunch of other nice people made this place happen and donate 100% of their profits! 
Eat here!  You won't be disappointed.Really good, simple food! The Corned Beef Sandwich, Matzo Ball Soup, and Moscow Mule were absolutely delicious. The staff was friendly, attentive, and the place had an overall cool vibe. I will be heartily recommending The Rooster to friends and fellow tourists.Stopped by for weekday lunch and it was packed. (It is small inside.) Got soup to go and it was wrapped really well so it didn't leak. Cauliflower soup was delicious. I should have got a large cup.~ Nestled underground on a busy Philadelphia street is a coup-like luncheonette crowing to proclaim it's territory. Surrounded by a couple big cocks in the game, the little Rooster Soup Co may have found the cockpit worth fighting in. 
First Impressions: Upon Entrance there was a sign that read "Hey yeah, I want a soup baby- Salt-N-Pepa," a clever play on words regarding the classic song "Shoop." As I waltzed down the steps into the dim lit luncheonette I felt a sense of safeness, coziness, & a hometown diner ambience. A gentleman immediately greeted me, as it was before the lunch hour rush, & I decided to perch at the bar counter. 
Having made potato leek soup plenty times before I wanted to start off with a cup of their own (pictured). The first spoonful was composed of bacon, dill, parsley, chives, & a silky smooth consistency potato leek base; which made my taste buds stand up & sing "ooh baby baby." After gobbling the soup cup down, the shrimp salad sandwich I ordered arrived in all its glory.... Shrimp so fresh it may have been hand picked by Poseidon himself...The Ba Le bread so palatable it could have been kneaded by the bare hands of the Vietnamese legend Le Vo. The Shrimp laid portrayed on a bed of crispy lettuce, engulfed in a red onion, celery, radish, & mayo sauce. It was accompanied with an ordinary small pickle & mass manufactured kettle chips. All in all this meal was above average, & gave me the food baby I wanted.  
Recommendations: The old yellow hued water cups turned me off, maybe a refreshing new color set could bring a better turn on. The soup & shrimp both were a bit over powered by dill. More bacon added to the soup, due to the bottom half getting no love from the bacon (everything tastes better with more bacon.) The mayo sauce may have been a tad too light as the sandwich was a somewhat dry. 
Note * I respect the fact that having a 100% of their profits go to support Philadelphians through the Broad Street Ministry's Hospitality Collaborative. That paired with the excellent service provided by the staff is a recipe for success.
The Don approves of this establishment & will be back ~Excellent food. Tried the Bacon, Latke, green tomato sandwich on Challah. A national news station was filming while I was there: their mission is also great. Finally, staff is incredibly friendly.latke sandwich is amazing. Place is like a diner, except the food is seasoned and they have good beer. Friendly manager.Great service and great food! I ordered the poutine with fried egg special and it was so worth the extra calories. The staff was friendly, welcoming and attentive. I'll definitely be back...The charitable business model saves this from being a trendy spot with mediocre food.
Its easy to understand the hype. The chic, vintage decor, the convenience of being along the Samson strip next to its brethren (Fednuts, Goldie, Dizengoff), the profits going to charity, the trendy, overpriced drinks with hipstery bartenders/servers. Those are there, but the food (the foundation of a diner) is decent, at best. The soups and meats had flavor, but also were salty. Its comparable on quality and more pricey to other center city deli/diners. Also, the limited food selection and small portions (compared to peers) made it seem lacking. 
Positives: Business model, dcor
Neutral: Decent flavor
Negatives: Salty food, limited selection
Recommendation: (Meh.) Great for when you feel guilty for ignoring the homeless after shopping/clubbing/work and want to eat a salty sandwich to brag to your friends about social justice. Else, you're better off going to Fednuts or another deli and donating the savings to Broad Street Ministry.My go to for when I want some soup. Matzo Balls have good flavor and the vegan tomato soup has good spiced flavor.Great spot to grab a soup and sandwich/salad ($13), and an even better cause that you're supporting in that many of the proceeds go to organizations like Broad Street Ministries. Very friendly staff and seating at the bar or at a table. They serve alcohol and have a happy hour: $6 Cocktails, $3 Beer, $6 Wine, and $4 Meatballs from 5pm-7pm. If the roasted cauliflower soup is still on the menu, you gotta try it.Charming little gem on Sansom Street. We went there because of the reviews only to discover the profits from this place go to feed those in need in Philadelphia! We came for some brunch and were delighted by the bagel board, cauliflower soup and trout sandwich.
Great vibe diner with excellent waitstaff and a superb mission statement.
We also love the bottomless Bloody Mary or Mimosas for $15.00 served on the weekend! 
Check this place out and be sure to make a reservation! We did not know this and lucked out with seats available at the counter.This is a great little diner with a mission to help people - all profits go to help the underserved in the city and support the Broad Street Ministry - a great social impact idea!
Now to the food...partner and i showed up for an early (for Sunday) breakfast and ate the biscuit and sausage gravy - very good and also had the biscuit with egg and bacon - enough for her to pass me a small piece - good enough to come back for it again - now we need to come to lunch for the smoked chicken soup and evenings for the specials.  Food is way above expectations for the cost and the folks who run the place are trying to make this a place to return!Just paid $7 for a not so hearty soup. Was excited to try this spot coming from ny but food not worth amount. Had matzo ball soup bowl size. Cool decor, nice vibe
**update** owner/manager saw my review, extended his apologies and has invited me back for another experience. Not many would have taken the time to do so, I really appreciate his offer and will go back soon.I've visited this place a few times with colleagues for quick work lunches - the food always comes quickly and is delicious, we usually get the soups. When they have the tomato soup with goldfish garnish - that is definitely the best!
I went most recently with my daughter - ordered the turkey club and a burger. The french fries were SO SALTY that we couldn't eat them. After realizing my daughter was barely picking at her turkey club, I realized that the bacon on that was also so incredibly salty it was almost inedible.
Bummer on our recent visit, hopefully it was a fluke. Will try again - the business ethos is very cool.I found this place after googling for soup. It was relatively new at the time and has changed a bit since I first started coming but it has always been a solid place to get breakfast, lunch, or dinner. On the weekends, the biscuits and gravy are especially good. The pot pie at dinner is probably the best pot pie I have ever had. Their pies are also really good if you still have room.Stopped in on my way back to my hotel. I love soup.   Saw a sign for restaurant week showing a cup of soup, sandwich and slice of pie for $21.  Sign me up!
I am realizing looking through the photos on their Yelp page that their menu changes often. I didn't think there were many choices that sounded good to me. I chose the meatball sandwich and the butternut squash and apple bisque. The soup was amazing. Perfect hint of sweet but definitely a savory soup. The meatball sandwich was overwhelming. I ate the meatballs right out of the bread because it was easier. They were tender and flavorful, but it didn't knock my socks off. 
They only had the banana cream pie for pie options and so that's what I got.  This was huge!!!!!  Homemade and freaking awesome. Chocolate crust and the banana part had the consistency of banana pudding. Loved it.Rooster Soup Company at 1526 Samson street is a must try!! The place is so cute, a step back in time with a large counter space and booths. All proceeds go to a soup kitchen right here in Philly. Owned by Federal donuts they are giving back to the community. The soup was awesome! The sandwiches were great!! We also had dessert, old fashion coconut pie 1 slice was enough to share. Our waitress was probably the nicest person in the world too. Please try this place you will not be disappointed.. and it's all for a good cause.Got the mozzaball soup, I don't understand the hype though it wasn't bad. Server was fine. Place was crowded and smallWe rented out Rooster Soup Co. for our rehearsal dinner and I have to say it was the BEST way to kick off our wedding weekend.  The food was amazing (best burger I've had in Philly).  The staff was friendly and accommodating and the vibe is just really relaxed and fun.  They also have a stellar breakfast menu and tasty coffee!Sausage and waffles are amazing. Cool environment. Calling ahead for a reservation is highly recommended.A lot of things they had on their yelp photos are no longer on the menu as they did a menu revamp a few months(?) ago? It was decent for what they did have for the menu but nothing to rave home about. The prices were a little higher than what I expected too for diner food.
Overall wasn't super impressed but wouldn't recommend not trying if you were in the area.The idea of this restaurant is cool. I think everybody should experience it since it's regular price food and it's good. To be fair the food is good but I Wouldn't say it's amazing.Truly a one of a kind find. The service was on point and the pot pie is so good they don't want you to leave with the recipe! While small it is warm and the staff extremely friendly and knowledgeable. One of the owners actually stopped by to give us a little history lesson!Absolutely 5 stars.  Arrived here today for lunch.  The woman whom greeted us was ultra nice.  We were seated in seconds at a nice quiet table.  We then met our waiter whom was a charming young guy, highly knowledgeable re the menu.
Lunch began with smoked matzoh ball soup.  I ordered a cup.  Big mistake!  I should have ordered a bowl with a container to go.  It was amazing!  The taste was exotic and the matzoh balls in a special elite class.  If you come here you MUST ORDER THIS SOUP.
I then had a Thai Carrot Salad (vegan) per our waiter's recommendation.  It was probably one of the best vegan salads of my life.  It had flavor, crunch, texture.  It was amazing and I wish I had the recipe.  
Our waiter made certain we had a wonderful experience.  What the two of us experiened today does not get any better.  Whenever I return to Philly Rooster Soup will be first on my travel agenda.  Thank you for an elite 5 star experience.This is the first review I've ever written about anything. I'm only writing it because I was so incredibly disappointed in Rooster Soup... and I had such high hopes. I ordered the kale Caesar salad w/chicken, to go, spent a good $13.00 on it, opened the container after walking 3 blocks home, and the lettuce was completely and totally wilted and soaked with dressing. It was so bad, I was kind of hoping there was just a misunderstanding and someone forgot to tell the new guy that he's supposed to make a fresh salad everyday, not just serve the leftovers from 2 days ago. I had to put the entire thing in the trash. I'm still convinced this couldn't be the salad they intended to give a customer. I would have taken it back to complain, but I realized the money I spent on it would be going to charity, so forget it. The upside is that the employees were super friendly and attentive.Cute place with an old school diner look and feel. Nice long counter in addition to small booths and larger booths/tables in the back for larger parties. 
Staff was super friendly and welcoming. The menu has a good mix of soup, sandwiches, meals and dessert. 
We tried the cauliflower soup that was hearty and substantial. We also tried the grilled cheese of the day and the Thai carrot salad.  The grilled cheese was cooked perfectly. And the salad was nice and light. 
Love that this place gives back to the community through the Broad Street Ministry.I haven't been this impressed by breakfast food in a long time. Service was phenomenal with Parker being our service. Everyone one is friendly and welcoming on top of everything 100% of profits support hospitality of providing meals and social services for the hungry! 
I will be back! 
Loved my experience at rooster soup co.I was a little disappointed by the chicken schnitzel sandwich. Solid matzoh ball soup. I'll definitely try out more of the menu.We went to RSC for lunch on Sunday and had an absolutely terrific experience. Andre, who waited on us at the bar, was gracious, pleasant, and knowledgeable about food; the service here is nearly on par with that of Zahav! The food was wonderful. I tried the beet-pomegranate borscht and the biscuit with egg and cheese, both of which were perfect. My companions ordered the brunch special, a sausage and cornbread waffle, which was also perfect. Overall a wonderful experience- will be back very soon!First off, how can you not LOVE a business that donates 100% of its profits to helping the most vulnerable people in the community? That's an amazing display of generosity, and it makes you feel good knowing that your dollars are doing good, but let's face it, you still want a good meal. And at Rooster Soup Company, if my first experience is any indicator, you get a great meal.
Rooster is part of the CookNSolo restaurant group, which includes some pretty amazing places, starting with their acclaimed "flagship" Zahav and also including Abe Fisher, Dizengoff, Federal Donuts and Goldie (right upstairs from Rooster). In fact, the bones from all of those chickens they use at Federal Donuts help make the soups here, which is pretty genius, both from an environmentally conscious standpoint and from an economic one. It's got an old school luncheonette vibe, with a counter and those little diner booths. I don't, however, mind that those often surly classic diner servers have been replaced by well-trained, friendly and attentive ones. Zahav has some of the best service you'll find anywhere, and it's no surprise that Rooster, while obviously a much more casual place, reflects that same philosophy of hospitality.
In any case, we were greeted warmly--in the interest of full disclosure, I know the manager from his Zahav days, but given that we were seated in a booth near the entrance, it was pretty evident that everyone was warmly welcomed. A server soon was with us to take our order: we both decided on the potato, leek and bacon soup, followed by the Rooster Burger. The soup was very tasty--none of the named components dominated the others, which led to a nice balance of flavors and textures (loved getting little potato "bits" here and there). Anything that comes out piping hot tends to improve as it cools just a little, and this was no exception.
Following that came the burger. The burger is, to quote my dining companion, "killer." It was cooked to a perfect medium rare, and the combination of Jarlsberg, mushrooms, onions and the "Everything Sauce" made for one of the best, juiciest burgers I've eaten in quite a while. It comes with a dill pickle and potato chips--which are a nice accompaniment in that deliciously retro way. We didn't get dessert this time, but we're shooting a short film this weekend, and to celebrate wrap, we've placed an order for an entire coconut cream pie. It looks beautiful--we can't wait! In any case, Rooster Soup Company is a wonderful marriage of eating well and doing good. I'm thrilled that they're here, and my inner critic is thrilled that I can recommend it highly for simple food done deliciously.Stopped in for breakfast here today. My breakfast sandwich was great and so was the coffee. And the restaurant's support of feeding those in need here in Philadelphia just made it even better. I will return for sure.I went to Rooster Soup a few months ago and was disappointed. But Iove that Rooster Soup (now Rooster) gives all its profits to Broad Street Ministry, so I went back for lunch with my colleagues. We had a great lunch!  The Yemenite matzo ball soup was almost as good as my mother's. I had a wonderful chopped salad, and my colleagues loved their sandwiches. Looking forward to more visits.It's official. Rooster Soup Co. is my new favorite lunch spot. With the old timey diner feel, delicious soups, great service, soup and sandwich combo, bustling atmosphere and good cause, you really can't go wrong.
The BLT with potato latke and green tomato is very very good (must try) and I've also enjoyed the chicken cutlet sandwich with beet spread and kale and carrot slaw. I've tried the beef and vegetable soup (very hearty, perfect for a cold day) and the cauliflower caper soup (velvety and delicious). I love the $14 soup and sandwich (or salad) combo. A cup of soup of the perfect amount and the chips that come with the sandwich are great too. I've gotten takeout (took about 10 minutes) and sat at the bar (no wait). There are small booths for 2 and a larger communal table in the back.
Can't wait to check out breakfast here! (Served all day on weekends).Firstly, Rooster Soup's mission in and of itself is worth at least ten thousand stars; I am so sad tat I'm only able to give five! What a wonderful way to positively impact our community!!!
The food was also incredible! Their grilled cheese of the day when I went was amazing, the roasted cauliflower soup was straight-up heaven, the chicken pot pie was AMAZING, and the bourbon pecan pie was *ridiculous*.
And our service was just as warm and totally worth it as the meal itself. I had gone with a sizeable group of colleagues and our server, Evan, and all other staff were so patient, helpful, and kind the entire time!
For an overall cozy, satisfying dining experience and to support a fantastic cause, go here! I've already talked it up to friends and am excited to go back!One of my favorite brunch-y places in the city. I'm always surprised by their specials (poutine the first time I went and a pork belly with grits dish the next time-- both were incredible and beautifully presented). I love their smoked matzo ball soup and their drink specials are pretty good tooThis is the best burger I've had in Philly. And it was the happy hour $5 deal. The cocktails are $6. I had the schug a Rita with cilantro, Serrano, etc. Perfect! This place is GOOD.Just walked by and decided to try this new place. Love everything about it, the decor is perfectly modest, smoked matzo ball soup was fantastic, and the cornbread and sausage waffles were just as good. 
What filled in the 5th star was the service. Mike the bartender and John the manager both welcomed us as first timers, and were fast and attentive. 
Perfect diner stop for the this snowy day in march!The cause behind Rooster is great, but the restaurant itself leaves a lot to be desired. Went there yesterday. At about 1:30, they were already out of all desserts and 3 menu items, and the place wasn't exactly crowded. What we did order was very average and rather bland. You're better off just making a donation.My wife and I found the restaurant to have a nice atmosphere; clean and the food was a little different but very good. My wife had a corn and chicken chowder and a fresh salad. I had borscht with pomegranate that was very tasty though just a tad spicy for me. I couldn't finish the meatball sandwich and took half of it home for lunch on Saturday. We will go back. Our only slight draw-back are the very steep steps fro the street down to the front door.It took a while for our server to come to our table. Understandable given the volume of guests at dinner time. 6 pm is prime dinner time in philly. 
The matzo ball soup is good but the matzo ball and the chicken in the soup were a bit rubbery. The flavor is good, it is nice to take a break from drinking canned soup. 
The milkshake is hilariously small. I have uploaded a pic so you too can have a good chuckle. The straw is a normal sized straw but it looks like a giant novelty straw against the tiny tumbler the shake was served in. A 6 dollar shake y'all. 
The patty melt is delicious and oozes cheese, chopped onions, and mushrooms. The fries are perfectly done. Crispy and salty on the outside, soft and mushy on the inside. 
The open face BLT looked so flat and tiny once the two tomato slices were pulled out. My girlfriend doesn't eat raw tomatoes so I took them for myself. The tomatoes tasted great on my patty melt. 
The food and flavors here are among the best for a deli/diner style restaurant. Just don't expect heaping diner sized portions.Cutest little diner in Rittenhouse. Been here a few times. On my first visit, they had a special French toast, which was incredible-i wish it were in the menu permanently. They have the best hash brown/breakfast potato cake, but the portion is just too tiny - or maybe it's just that good.Love their mission, unfortunately didn't love the food. They must've done a menu revamp as I did not see any of the items that I saw from the Yelp pictures prior to going. They had only sandwiches available. I had the pastrami sandwich and it was incredibly dry and tasteless. My partner had the patty melt, which was much better than mine, and very juicy. While I do like a retro diner vibe, I found the red lighting throughout the restaurant a bit disorienting. The prices were also higher than what you would expect for a diner.Food was fine. Server was a bit rude not overly so but did not make us feel welcomed or that our business was wantedI have not been here since they redid the menu.  That said, I used to come for the variety of soups!  Now there is only one soup - Matzo Ball Soup.  The menu is a limited diner menu.  I love soup, so I will not go back. Disappointed to say this, because I love the mission of profit going to the Broad Street Ministry.  But, there are too many delightful small dining options in this city to settle for ordinary.Good food, great cause. I can't believe I hadn't come here earlier! I love all of chef solomonov's restaurants so I was very excited to try rooster soup. True to form, this diner brings the flavor. The place itself is pretty tiny with cute 2-person booths. My friend and i got there around 7 and were able to immediately grab a seat at the bar. Note the place closes at 8.
I ordered a cup of matzo ball soup with the chicken schnitzel sandwich. The broth was delicious, well seasoned and warming. I'll admit, I'm not a matzo connoisseur but I didn't love the texture although the smokiness was a nice touch. My friend enjoyed his cauli soup. 
But that sandwich though. The herbed spread was SO delicious, the toasted challah stayed together but wasn't overwhelming. The chicken itself was really well cooked - and there was a lot of it! I only managed to eat half but took the rest home. My friend really liked his burger, the "everything" sauce. We didn't notice until later that they have $5 burgers on their hh menu! 
Come here and get the chicken schnitzel sandwich. And maybe a Bloody Mary or 3 because Tito's donates an extra $2 for each bloody ordered! Nothing better than eating and drinking for a good cause!This retro diner is the perfect stop before a day of shopping or exploring the city. Opened y chef Michael, this establishment gives all proceeds to charity. So cool! 
I got the matzo ball soup which was divine. Broth was not too salty but had a great chicken flavor. The matzo ball was made perfectly. 
My friend got the apple butternut squash which was like fall in a cup (a bit acidic for me but she loved it) 
We shared a fried trout sandwich with a side of salad   Trout was cooked perfectly. I wish it came with tartar sauce instead of mustard. 
Also note that the side salad instead of fries was perfectly dressed and a food portion (but you have I pay extra for this exchange, which I did not find out until I paid.... I would do it again but would have liked to know!)Lunch Review
Rooster Soup is a trendy diner with a philanthropic mission - 100% of profits go towards supporting vulnerable Philadelphians. The restaurant is tucked underneath Goldie's on Sansom St. 
While the menu is relatively small for a diner, what was offered really hit the spot, in particular, the matzo ball soup and the banana cream pie! I also had the grilled cheese of the day (5 cheese grilled cheese), which was just ok. I didn't get a chance to try the cocktails or milkshakes, but I love that they offer both.Overall Value: this is my first time at the Rooster since they rebranded and re-did the menu. I liked the old menu and was a fan, and the concept of a Jewish deli-inspired menu sounded great too.  But there is a bit of a problem if you are paying $10 for a sandwich and still walking away kind of hungry. Good flavors, but c'mon these things are just barely bigger than sliders.
The food: we got the smoked meat sandwich (house pastrami on a potato roll), corned pork belly on challah, and a side of fries. The pastrami was delicious, and I'm a sucker for the soft doughy goodness of a potato roll, which is the perfect vehicle for soaking up the juices from the pastrami. The corned pork belly didn't have as strong of a flavor and wasn't as tender as the pastrami, and the challah bread to meat ratio was way too one-sided on the bread. Which was my main gripe with the food- at $10 each, these sandwiches ain't cheap. You're better off going to Herschel's and getting a massive pastrami Reuben for like $2 more - that thing has literally 4 times as much meat and is just as tasty.  The fries were good and crispy, but nothing spectacular - we shared them, and they were a bit small for that, but at $3 it wasn't that bad.  
Service: very nice and attentive staff.
Space and pace: I like the old school diner feel (which is why the old menu complimented this place so well!). We came at dinner time and it was a bit dead - I know it gets much livelier around lunch time. But sitting at a booth is a great way to spend a lunch date or catching up with a friend.RSC has the friendliest staff, a trendy diner vibe, and an amazing mission. You leave RSC not only with tummies full of yummy food, but also hearts fuller from knowing that you helped a good cause. 100% of their profits goes towards Broad Street Ministry. How cool is that?!?!
I stopped by with a friend for happy hour. Besides getting a couple beer drink specials ($3 beer, $6 cocktail and wine), we shared their beef brisket tacos (a Tuesday special) and two soups: the cold beet and pomegranate borscht and chicken corn chowder. 
The tacos were absolutely delicious! Tender and well seasoned meat, topped with a creamy corn sauce and onions, the tacos came in an order of 3. My slight gripe is that it needed a bit more spiciness or acid. The meat and sauce were so rich that getting a bit of lime, jalapeno or other hot pepper would have really helped cut across that richness.
The borscht was perfect for a hot summer day! The chicken corn chowder was surprisingly light - none of that chunky added cream or flour that makes most chowders too overwhelming. A tab bit saltier than I would have liked, but it was by far one of the best chicken and corn chowders I've had!
I definitely see myself coming back really soon!If you haven't checked this place out yet, now is the time to drop on by. Its been on my list of places to go for the last four years and I just haven't made it a priority. They do lots of cool events that I always wanted to coincide with my first visit. Alas, I had to drop by on a random Sunday after noon. Now, I have been twice in one week. Super friendly staff. Menu is small but packed with flavor and I appreciate the size in comparison of some of the menus like cheesecake factory which are just overwhelming and lead to choice fatigue. I digress..
I have now had the meatball sandwich and the burger. Both were the perfect amount of food and very delicious. Each mouthful was packed with flavor. I love the atmosphere of an old school diner. They have everything you need from soups/salads, entrees, desserts (get to cream pies), and a clean/welcoming ambiance. 
It even donates its profits! What more could you ask for?! Cheers!Stopped in during the weekend and had some delicious matzoh ball soup. Highly recommend!I absolutely love this place! Their "smoked meat" sandwich is honestly one of my favorites in Philadelphia. Super simple, extra juicy, fall-apart-in-your-mouth meat on a roll with a little bit of horse raddish mayo. AMAZING! Their matza ball soup is also amazing!  On top of how great this food is, this is a restaurant with a mission! ALL PROFITS GO TO CHARITY!Fun space; love the old-style diner feel. I had the French toast, which I enjoyed, and my husband had the hash. I love that brunch is served until late, so you can have it at three pm, like we did. I also can't wait to go back and try the Pale Gino!Look Down! A groovy below-street-level Mediterranean diner.
Seriously the Best Matzo Ball Soup I have ever had! It is called Yemenite Matzo Ball Soup and it has hints of Turmeric and Cumin in the flavor as well as chunks of roasted chicken. Maya is light and buttery! 
The sandwiches could last you all day too.
A really generous portion on every plate with fresh thick cut bread or a soft challah roll.I really wanted to love this place! It's a great setup - fun, like a diner. And all the proceeds go to Broad Street Ministry. But the food was disappointing and the portions were so small. I got the hash with smoked meat which had little flavor and little hash. Husband and I also split the latke tots, which didn't taste like latkes at all. They tasted more like taro and had a starchy taste and texture - though the apple compote served with it is pretty tasty. It's a great cause but not a great spot for brunch.How could you not give anyone that donates 100% of their proceeds a 5 star?! I don't even really understand how that works, but I think it's remarkable and it feels really good dining here. 
The place is super cozy, has all of those old school classic 70's back in the day diner feels to it and is hidden underneath falafel fave Goldie. You can easily eat at one and grab takeout for din from the other making it a one stop shop like we have before. It is super small, mostly two tops and counter seats available, but there are few a booths for larger parties. We found coming at a bit of an off time helps. 
The menu is fairly simple. It includes a grilled cheese of the day, a couple of salads, sammies and blue plate specials which includes fried spaghetti and meatballs from 5-8 too. It highlights their classic soups which always includes the creamy cauliflower (vegan), smoked matzoh ball, classic tomato served (vegetarian) topped with Goldfish and an apple butternut squash. Cup or bowl. Quarts available. Easy. Oh, and there's two combo meals also 
The cauliflower soup is out of this world!!! It's thick and creamy, has THEE perfect consistency and it's topped with what I believe is almond slivers giving it a little bite which I like in a soup!! 
Kiddos enjoy the tomato with matzoh ball added since matzoh ball comes in chicken broth my vegetarian kiddos don't eat. Those Goldfish they sprinkle on top are sure to make any kid, or big kid smile. 
Last visit we each got a cup of soup and split the Thai salad which was super tasty! Filled with shredded carrots, peanuts, cilantro, scallions in tangy citrus dressing. It was fresh and crunchy and with the soups was enough for a satisfying lunch! 
Their desserts I hear are not to be missed. Perhaps take a slice of their pie home...coconut cream is said to be a fan favorite. Apple crumb and banana cream are offered as well. Kiddos split a classic root beer float last time they downed in seconds flat. 
Alcoholic beverages such as classic cocktails including a house Bloody Mary, beer and wine are available as well and discounted during happy hour from 5-7 daily M-F along with $5 burgers and $4 meatballs. 
I absolutely LOVE the concept, mission and vibes of this place and will continue to dine here and give back via the Broad Street Ministry. Fantastic!Surprisingly, I loved this place. I was a bit hesitant on trying the establishment due to the limited menu. I've checked it out a couple times and never saw anything that caught my eye... but over the weekend... I found the perfect meal!  The atmosphere is quite different from Mike Solomov's restaurants, but this one does not disappoint!  The diner feel makes this place have an ease that you can come however you're dressed and enjoy a nice meal without breaking the bank. 
I ordered the squash and apple bisque soup.  Mounds of flavor and a subtle sweetness at the end of each bite. I also ordered a country ham biscuit sandwich which had ham and pimento cheese on it. Now being from the south, I was worried how this sandwich would turn out but craved that good ole southern food.. I was willing to take a chance!  I'm glad I took it. The biscuit was a square shape, which threw me off, but flakey and buttery. Deliciousness in my mouth. The ham was a bit disappointment. I was hoping for a salty cured ham, but this was more of just a spiral ham from the deli. Pimento cheese was yummy. The only problem was I wanted more!  
We finished our lunch with a delicious fluffy slice of coconut pie. Overall, a successful lunch. I'm excited to keep up with the latest menu so I can come back.I love the idea of this place, especially when eating out means giving back. The decor was so cute and the service was standard. But honestly, the food was underseasoned and quite boring. It was more expensive (which I would justify given that the place is run as a nonprofit), but the rueben and other breakfast dish I ordered was just meh. Maybe I expected more from everyone else's glowing reviews, but this did not live up to the hype.Finally tried out Rooster Soup, and it did not disappoint! A little diner style place under Goldie with amazing food and great wait service. We popped in for a quick lunch and was seated at the counter area. Note- even for lunch, a reservation is probably needed to snag a table. When we went, we were told the only available seating was either at the counter or the community table in the back. Hostess was not the friendliest, but understandably it was a busy time. 
We got the Chicken Schnitzel Sandwich with fries added on and the Primal Supply Beer Braised Pork with an add-on of the Cauliflower soup. 
Let me tell you, the soup is amazingggg. We started off splitting the soup,  and it was so creamy and flavorful. We decided that we're definitely coming back to try the other soups. The herbed tehina on the Chicken sandwich was delicious, and it was a pretty large portion. The braised pork sandwich was a smaller portion, but it was such a powerful flavor.  Our total ended up being a little more than $35 plus tip, so not exactly the cheapest for a quick lunch. We did get the add-ons just to try  it out, so perhaps without the fries and soup, it would be a little more "quick lunch" affordable. Either way, the food was super tasty, and we would definitely go back!Visited today and ordered the rooster burger.  While the flavor was okay and the burger was cooked well it was very small.  The bun used was just a cheap potato bun and nothing special.  Based on the size the burger was closer to a slider then what I would call a burger.  I appreciate that the sales go to charity but I still expect a quality lunch that fills me up for close to 10 dollars and I didn't get that at the Rooster.  I was also disappointed to see they only had 2 soups on the menu and no special soups.  When I first saw that this place was opening I was excited to have a good soup place in center city.  Guess I will have to continue to wait.I was so happy to have stumbled upon this place. The atmosphere is warm and cozy diner with all the quirks you'd expect with servers wearing Rooster shirts. And with good purpose! The Rooster Soup is one that gives back fully--your meal helps fund quality meals to those in need. 
Okay back to the restaurant experience itself: the servers were very kind and accommodating, neither trying to rush you or force you into getting the most expensive item on the list. Everything looked and sounded amazing but I stuck to a simple egg and cheese breakfast sandwich--which is actually impressive because they had the fluffiest eggs with the most wonderful cheese and sauce with a bread that had just the right amount of crunch while still being buttery and warm and soft (think croissant...but not). Honestly, I cannot wait to update this review with other food and experiences here soon!I came in here with my husband for lunch. Really cute deli style. We got our food in less than 10 minutes from ordering. We ordered the meatball hoagie and a pastrami sandwich with barley mushroom soup. The soup was fantastic - I will likely stop back here for the soup on days when I don't feel like eating a ton. The meatball hoagie was fantastic, and my husband really liked his pastrami sandwich. 
As an aside, even if the food wasn't great (which it certainly was), I'd still support it as 100% of the profits go towards helping people get back on their feet. What a wonderful idea! I'll likely be back for the great food, atmosphere, and helping others.This place is fantastic. Randomly came across it and could not have been more impressed. Old school diner vibe, but very clean/hip. The whole menu is made in house - the food was delicious and reasonably priced. Cool playlist of diner style music with some RnB thrown in. 10/10.A really well-conceived place. Somebody below complained about the "small" menu, but I like that - doing well with a menu not as expansive as other places. The matzo ball soup was assertive in flavor, I'm going back next week to have it. Lots of onion, which I love, and dark roasting of the chicken bones.
I love the rye bread too.
when you order the malted shake (which someone below said was ridiculously small) it really doesn't seem too small. I actually commented to the server that the shake first seemed too small, but was pretty satisfying...really rich.I had the rooster burger and Potatoe, leek, bacon soup while sitting at the counter. It was a tasty meal in a nice and welcoming setting. The servers were friendly and I easily got a seat at the counter during lunch time on a Sunday. They offer all day breakfast on the weekends, but I was craving lunch. The burger was juicy and flavorful, but the star of the show was the soup. I'd like to try their other sandwiches and soups. It took a lot of restraint to not order a milkshake. I recommend grabbing lunch here as it is reasonably priced, delicious, and proceeds go to a good cause. It's a no brainer.I love the offerings of the new menu (though I'll admit that I'll miss the meatball sandwich). Looking forward to my next visit so I can continue to try the new items!I really just wanted soup and this spot--formerly known as Rooster Soup Co--was in the area. Unfortunately, the change wasn't only in the name. There was only ONE soup on the menu--Matzo Ball--and this being my first time with said soup, I asked a million questions and ordered a cup. I have no idea what the soup should taste like but this iteration was just fine. A future review would be for their $15 bottomless mimosa brunches on weekends but as a soup stop, this spot was quick and no fuss. The diner motif and red neon lighting have a real underground/NY dive diner vibe, too.I ordered the Patty Melt and fries. What I got was a burger with onions, a little bit of some kind of sauce I couldn't taste that had way too many poppy seeds, and a tiny bit of cheese on rye bread. That's not a patty melt. Needless to say it was pretty disappointing for $9. I threw most of it away because it just wasn't good. The fries were fine - they were the highlight of the meal even though they were really just okay and nothing special. I'm not in a hurry to go back.I love the idea and I'm sure I hit an off day but it doesn't deserve to get more then 2 stars. All of us had matzo ball soup. I just didn't like it. The matzo ball was too dense, the broth had saffron? I'm not sure. I guess I just like mine better. I had a Turkey club. It was good but needed twice the amount of Turkey. If they need to charge more to make it right they should. I wanted corned beef but it's off the menu. Bummer!! Friends had pastrami, it was a bit chewy but had good flavor . Another had a patty melt. She said it was good but said the rye was toasted not grilled. I didn't check so.... the decor is 50's luncheonette cute and the service was excellent. I'll try again . Wish I had gotten falafel at Goldie's upstairs!