Dope looking space inside!! Much cooler than expected. Especially on the 3rd floor with the ceiling windows, light fixtures and exposed brick walls. 
We made a reservation (funny to me because it reminds me of a pizza shop... and like a reservation??... lol) But yeah, so we got seated on the third floor in the back and it was perfect. It was enough privacy although it got pretty packed pretty quickly after arriving. 
Our waiter, Alex, was a mellow guy who'd crack a funny comment every so often. 
Our starters were Mac and cheese and some bread stuff (I forget the name) lol. The Mac and cheese was much bigger than expected. We got two and we could have shared one. I was excited for it but honestly, it was blend and too creamy. 
You also get complimentary tomato soup in these little cups and it was DELICIOUS. The tomato soup here is amazing. I'd highly suggest getting the meal. Cheers. 
I got one of the burgers. It was good, not great but solid. 
The staff seemed to sort of not look your way if you weren't their table. It was too noticeable for me. The staff could be friendlier.  
Oh, they do valet parking if you call ahead. On Main Street, that's a MAJOR plus to take advantage of. We didn't lol and got caught in the pouring rain. 
Would I come again? Yes. Maybe just on a cold rainy day for that amazing tomato soup and grilled cheese sandwich. And also because the space is so cool and in the cut off Main Street.For my wife and I we are fans. I have noted some inconsistent pizza's as others have mentioned but nothing so awful that I would say they are bad. I have tried multiple pizza places in manayunk and I say they are about the same inconsistency. We both are pescetarian so we don't eat meat so I can't sing to that. I did take a star off because they have to improve in delivery and maybe lower the cost of the pizza. As for salads I think they do a perfect job, but again i think they can low price by .50 - 1 for most items. I do get the extra cost it seems to be a trendy place so you pay extra for that and happier and nicer staff.Really great to grab a bite for lunch (buffet style) when in a rush with work. Everyone gets to make their own plate of pizza, pasta, or salad. It really couldn't be an easier or more pleasant fast casual experience. Service is great--really friendly and attentive. I highly recommend this for a quick pizza group lunch.I love this place! The lunch buffet is always excellent and has a great selection. On the weekends it includes the best french toast in Manayunk! I also love their salads there. They have delicious dressings are great sizes. Delicious food and fun atmosphere!Every time I'm on main street I always eat here! Food is Amazing! I bring new friends with me every time and they say the same! I'll keep coming backA great place to stop in for an awesome meal! They pizza and salads are delicious, and you've got to try a Maddy bar for dessert. Don't pass up the tomato basil soup, it's to die for!The Couch Tomato is one of my favorite eateries in Manayunk, always good. Tonight I was disappointed in service. It's seems silly but I didn't like that I was dismissed by the hostess/ cashier. I asked for my favorite salad of all time- Where's Waldorf. It always comes with poppyseed dressing. I got my salad and it came to me with a ranch style dressing on the side. I went to the girl and told her I got this other dressing and I'd like the poppyseed. She went to get it and said "you have the poppyseed"I told her no. I didn't have the poppyseed because is wasn't sweet and it was a totally different consistency then the other times I've gotten it ( about 100) and that I thought it was ranch or something like it. She then asked me if it had black specks in it. Yes, it did. Hands me the same flipping dressing I already had!! At this point I gave up. " That's the poppyseed you have. Sometimes it's sweet sometimes it's not." No. Young lady you are wrong. So I didn't eat my salad. I took it home to eat with my poppyseed dressing AT HOME. Oh. And those black specks in the RANCH DRESSING you gave me? They are called herbs. Not poppyseeds. I just didn't appreciate it or her. And my salad was yummy. At home. With my own sweet, poppyseed dressing.Being gluten free I appreciate the effort to provide gluten free meals ! On top of that the meals are fresh and delicious. The menu is extensive and the meals are very reasonably priced!!  The Italian stallion pizza was really awesome and the service was pretty quick.Kind of expensive but pretty worth it. Good place for a vegan to take a not-vegan friend or vice versa. Not a ton of options but the few are yummy and satisfying. Get the cheesey bread with Kite Hill vegan cheese; it's worth the up charge.after hearing all the rave reviews, i was looking forward to trying this place. im originally from ny so of course hearing that it had ny stylish pizzas and that their salads were great I decided to try it out.
the first time i got a make your own salad and it wasnt bad at all. but it was nothing amazingly wonderful. 
i thought maybe it was the fact taht id decided to make my own salad. so then i decided to order a pizza and salad again. i got the its not easy being green pizza on wheat crust and a salad. however, i was very disappointed with the pizza. i had it delivered and it was very soggy and chewy by the time i got it. the salad seemed ok. nothing amazing either. 
and it also wasnt cheap so it was a bit disappointing. however, i know a lot of ppl love the place so i am willing to try it again. but i think i'll probably wait a while until i do again. im just skeptical since twice it didnt work out so great. hopefully as they say third times a charm.Really enjoyed our time at the Couch Tomato Cafe! The building was beautiful, and food was very very delicious! The waitstaff was very friendly as well. Really enjoyed ourselves and can't wait to go back!Buffalo chicken pizza is fantastic!
Salads are amazing!
The light balsamic dressing is heaven!
Only complaint comes from a friend, the calzone is too cheesy and the bread is too thin.
Also sometimes it can get a little pricey when you add too much to a salad.
This place is BYOB!  For a place where you can get great food quick, you can eat and have time to enjoy your food and drink leisurely outside on the patio in the summer! There is not much seating inside, so I'm not sure how the winter will work.In true Manayunk fashion, I'd say Couch Tomato is definitely overpriced!  Their pizza is pretty good and the salads/wraps are quite delicious too... but it is worth the money??  Not sure.  We always cross our fingers for the Tomato Bisque... It's delish! (Don't forget to dip the fresh roll in it too!)  So I guess I give the FOOD 4 stars but the price (and the girl at the counter who's voice make my ears bleed) brings the total rating down to 3!This is an awesome place to stop and get a cheap good meal.  They have whole wheat options and its a BYOB.  Their salad and slice selection is amazing. 
 It is small but they have some outside seating and right next to Main St. Manayunk.  
You can also bring your dog to sit outside or if you have to go in to get take away.The Couch Tomato is one of those places that sounds like it's going to be great when you read the menu, but just turns out to be good instead. I'm never disappointed with what I order, but I never feel particularly wow'd either. 
The variety is great, and they use a lot of interesting and different ingredients on their pizzas, salads, and wraps. I like that any of the salads can be made into a wrap and there is always pre-made pizza if you just need something quick. The staff is friendly and the service is speedy. 
All in all, Couch Tomato is a solid spot for takeout in the neighborhood, but I don't think I would ever go out of my way to eat here.Love this place! Pizza of course is killer but try their soup too, especially their pizza soup is amazingLoved everything about it!!! Decided to buy a Groupon and I am so happy I did. Ive been back several times since and each time I am delighted by the food, the service and the decor. The staff is polite and knowledgeable, the decor is relaxed but definitely classy enough for a first date. And the food!!! I expected so-so food from a lunch buffet, but was floored by the flavors. The soup was yummy, the pasta was delicious and I ate almost 4 of the garlic knots!! I have gone back several times since and haven't been disappointed yet!!Quality service. Great place if you're looking for wholesome ingredients mixed with comfort foodMy BF and I stopped into the bistro for a late lunch around 2:30. It took a minute for someone to come over to the host stand and seat us but our server was very nice and apologized for the small wait. 
Now for the good part, we shared the fried goat cheese salad and the prosciutto and arugula pizza with the whole wheat crust. Every bite was delicious. 
The reason I didn't feel I could give five stars was due to the wait time. There were literally only 3 tables of people and both of our food items took long to arrive. One table  got their meal and finished it before our salad had arrived. 
The decor was pretty and the menu looked great. Had we not been so hungry I might not have noticed the wait time. I think we'll try delivery and maybe be back for brunch.This is my one-and-only go-two place for food when I don't have time to cook. I am an athlete and thus try to eat as healthy as possible and believe that eating foods sourced from local farms is better for me and my community. The Couch Tomato Cafe's food is predominantly local and I have never had a "bad" meal there. Their salads are large and can easily be a meal by themselves and their pizzas are delicious and not greasy at all. Combine the fresh vegetables with a wheat crust and you have the perfect meal! The staff is extremely friendly and their delivery is quick and accurate!Wow the grilled cheese and tomato soup were AMAZING! my girlfriend got the gluten free version and she loved it! Great drink selection too. Only issue is our server was MIA a lot of the time and the food took forever to come out. It was a Saturday at 345PM and not that busy. Still great food!This is one of the only healthier customizable salad places within walking distance of where I work which is why I frequent it a lot. However I think it is a little over priced for what you get and for the options available. However I will say that I really love the environment and the outdoor seating optionMy office caters from couch tomato a lot and I always look forward to it. Their pizzas are huge, great crust, good sauce to cheese ratio, full of fresh veggies. Kind of a healthier pizza option versus the delicious greasy stuff, so I understand why some people don't love it. I thought their Buffalo chicken was pretty great though. Their salads are awesome - lots of good ingredients, very flavorful & fresh. They're pretty great about special orders too - gluten free, vegetarian, etc. 
The past couple times we've ordered there have been some mistakes - there were some very weird salty cookies and a chicken pasta dish with no chicken - usually they're great though.I can't believe it's taken me all these years living in and around Manayunk to try the Couch Tomato. I'd been told by neighbors and friends who worked here alike to try it, but I hadn't until this week. I felt a familiar bittersweet blend of joy for having found a new bastion of deliciousness and lament for not having tried it sooner at the entreaty of my friends. Allow me to back up and start from the beginning. 
*fade to Wednesday*
My wife and I had taken the day off to watch the Phillies game on a beautiful day in Manayunk. We were a little hungry and saw the Couch Tomato on the way to Cactus. We decided to pop in and see what our friends had been going on about. The space, which is currently under construction, I think to add a lounge area, was very casual and welcoming. The first thing that struck us about the place was how effusively friendly the staff was. They pointed us to a stack of menus, and offered any guidance we might need in selecting from the extensive menu of salads, sandwiches, and pizza. I glanced over the glass display case as we perused the menus and saw an incredible array of delicious-looking pizzas.
As we were ordering, my wife was having a hard time deciding, so I was stalling for her by striking up a conversation with the very pleasant person working the counter (I think we got there at an uncharacteristically slow time). We had a great conversation about how the light gun from the NES worked (which stemmed from the Atari t-shirt I was wearing) before we ordered. I really wish I had caught her name, and I would commend her personally for being such an asset to the establishment.  
Anyway, I got the Buffalo Soldier wrap, which was comprised of fresh mozzarella, fresh spinach, tomatoes, and balsamic vinaigrette, and my wife got the Mediterranean wrap, which had Greek influences, I think. Both were spectacular.  
As we ate, I noticed a sign that said that all ingredients are locally sourced. This means a great deal to me, and I'm happy to be able to support a local establishment that in turn supports the local economy. 
We had such a great experience that I ended up buying a Couch Tomato t-shirt at the end. 
*fade back to the present*
I would totally recommend coming here. I can't wait to come back to try the pizza.Couch Tomato is my go-to lunch spot in Manayunk, especially if I'm wanting to eat healthy.  They by far have the best salads around, and the little piece of bread and occasional free sample are a nice touch as well.  Try the chips and dessert bar sometime too; they're both legit.Food is amazing no concern about that. 
We have been here multiple times and have had great service. Upon coming into this restaurant Sunday night after watching the Flyers game at a bar and having a few beers, we were told upon ordering a drink and apps, "you have to wait until you eat to order a drink." When asking why, the server said I am not allowed to serve you if you are too drunk. We made no scene when entering the restaurant no one would have known if we had a few drinks and we were not driving. We felt very judged and the server brought the drink we initially ordered after our appetizers and when our pizza came out to the table. At this point, it was the matter of principle and we were already insulted and denied the drink from the server. The server sent someone else the rest of our time there to box our pizza and take care of our check. I understand monitoring belligerent people is important and drinking and driving is against the law and it is your duty to prevent this, however I have seen may more intoxicated people get served at your restaurant.LIARS!!! Below is an email I received after leaving a good review at the restaurant. I did what was asked, I NEVER got the $20 coupon!  Pizza is good, business sucks! I'll never go back!!
Thanks for recently stopping by and trying out The Tomato Bistro in Manayunk!
Your rave reviews (left on the yellow feedback card) were very much appreciated!
We are trying to grow our online reputation, and are putting in place a "Online-Reviews-For-Rewards" program. Basically, you just write one short review and post it to quickly earn credit - it's quick and simple. If interested in earning up to $30 in Tomato Bistro credit for a future visit, just let us know and I can send you a list of 7 links to quickly post a short review (on one or all).  If you post the review to all the links listed we will send you a voucher for $30 to use when you return!  (More details to follow, if interested)
Just let me know if you're interested, and I can send those quick links right over to you!
Thanks again for your business, and we hope you take advantage of this opportunity, and help us establish an online presence!
_______________________________________________________________________
Craig Mosmen
Casmos Cafe', Inc.
The Couch Tomato Cafe'
The Tomato Bistro (Upstairs)
P.O. Box 55440
102 Rector Street
Philadelphia, PA 19127
http://www.TheCouchTomato.com
http://www.TheTomatoBistro.com
Craig@TheCouchTomato.com
Cell: (267) 971-4351I've been a patron of The Couch Tomato since it opened. The ingredients are fresh, the food is good and the service is great! I highly recommend this restaurant for take-out, delivery or dine-in.Took my wife to dinner and we loved it!  The pizza was the best and the salad with crab and asparagus was awesome.  This is not just a pizza place but a fun night out with a great atmosphere.  I bought a gift card to give to a friend!I am a pizza lover and I recognize that pizza-making and pizza-reviews have become very specialized.  I am NOT holding any of this, which may be a trend, against this café.  I was introduced to this place because my daughter raves about their chicken wraps and was already aware that it has become kind of a destination in Manayunk, having outlasted two or more area competitors.  Finally, I am uncomfortable criticizing businesses, preferring to write off a negative event to a "bad day or night."  However, I have had a total of unsatisfactory experiences with a café whose prices are definitely not neighborhood reasonable but more in line with high-end places and products.  The plain pizza, UNLESS you pay for overpriced extra cheese and sauce, looks like it suffers from sauce and cheese deprivation.  What you get is a brittle film-like layer (THINK CREME BRULEE) of sauce and cheese that easily slides off the pie.  Extra cheese which is what everyone else considers a normal amount to savor and chew sets you back $4 for an 18" pizza and another $3 for extra sauce.  Any pizza coming at $22 better amaze you with outstanding flavor even for a plain one.  Sorry, this does NOT.  When I get to service, Couch Tomato management needs a serious review of its staff because EACH represents the business.  On 3 successive take out orders, there was an item missing.  A call to the manager became routine and my complaint was immediately acknowledged by a friendly young manager and she would then invite me to receive a free dessert or chips.  That happened 3 times following a mistake and, in my opinion, a customer should not start contemplating what dessert he can ask for when the next inevitable error occurs.  The event of yesterday was the most outrageous and prompted that I take action-HERE.  I met my daughter and her family.  We ordered an 18" plain with EXTRA CHEESE and SAUCE.  The staff behind the register had me wait for 5 minutes while she non-chalantly poured a soda for the preceding customer and then proceed to take out a slice from the display product selection and reheat it, waiting by the oven.  WHEN THESE 4 STEPS WERE CONCLUDED, SHE FINALLY CAME TO ME.  MULTI-TASKING was not in her work vocabulary.  I ordered and my family waited outside.  It was 2 pm and really slow. We wait 15, 20, 25 minutes.  My daughter has an appointment and checks inside to find out that OUR pizza was placed in the display section for pizza by the slice.  My daughter likes this place so much (FOR THE WRAPS) she cancelled her appointment.  But I am NOT her and so this review.  I emphasize I am understanding and patient for restaurant mishaps here or there.  Unless I have bad KARMA, making this review invalid, I believe a restaurant or café that has so much popularity to enlarge and beat out new arrivals can and DOES become complacent and tolerates the above problems thinking that a friendly reply by management coupled with a dessert will rectify the experience.  It won't and clearly hasn't in my case.  Like I said, COUCH TOMATO needs a quality wake-up call and I hope this serves that function.Went here for lunch the other day, ate in the upstairs part with the waitress service. We got a little cup of hot tomato soup as a little taste, it was quite good. The panini sandwich I ordered was good, nice, fresh veggies and good cheese. 
I've eaten at the downstairs part once, I didn't realize that you had to order then sit and wait for your food to be cooked, so I had ordered pizza while a friend ordered a salad. Obviously her meal was ready before mine, so I had to sit there and watch her eat while I waited for my food to be ready. I wasn't too happy about that.
However, overall, the food is good, and you can't beat a local pizza place like that in Manayunk.I came here with a friend using a Groupon, and I had a wonderful experience. Our server was friendly and knowledgeable about the menu, and we had ample options to choose from. The pizza and chicken we got were delicious, and they were having a special on wine the night we were there. The atmosphere was friendly and cozy, and I will definitely be going back!!Service stinks.  60 minute wait for a plain pizza less than half mile away.   Not worth the wait for pizza that tastes like the box that it's delivered in.I worked at a nearby community hospital. My unit orders from here often, although more than not we are disappointed. Salad come differently than we ordered and the garlic knots are totally inconsistent. Today we order and my salad was drenched with water and our garlic knots came undercooked and WITHOUT garlic! We called and the manager blames the person who delivered the food saying he should have told us! Really?!?!? How about you take garlic knots off the menu until you have the garlic sauce? You don't deliver food and tell the customer at that point that their food isn't right. Ordering lunch from here is not cheap! Is it too much to ask to get our food they way we ordered it? I can understand one mistake, but honestly there has been plenty.pizza good. salads AMAZE-BALLS super fresh!I really enjoy the food at this cafe.  Salads are delicious, never had their wraps, but the pizza is definitely my favorite.  It's a tight fit once inside as they only have seating for a handful of people.  However, whenever I visit Philly, I do love to bring food back home.
The bread for salads and soups is AMAZING!  It's my absolute favorite.Very good pizza and great salad wrap.  My new go-to place for pizza.  Got the Italian stallion pizza.  So good, and their crust is amazing.  I'll definitely be back to try some other pies.Holy moly this is my FAVORITE place to get delivery in manayunk. Probably the healthiest option. They never disappoint. The food is so fresh. My boyfriend and I probably order at least once a week from here. Sometimes even more. The pizza is great (a little pricey I will admit) outstanding salads which generous portion for toppings, the cyo chicken sandwich is to die for. Obsessed with these place. They are so great. Easily my favorite place to get delivery in manayunk. Definitely a must try!!!FINALLY a great salad in philly. ok, so a great salad in manayunk, but i'll take what i can get.  philly/center city is salad challenged and i think i just found the best salad place ever.  i had the version with figs and goat cheese and then added chicken.  amazing.  lots and lots of goat cheese, fresh spring mix and delicious sliced roast chicken.  they have my favorite kind of balsamic (it's emulsified so kind of creamy) and for people who can't eat bread the side of homemade potato chips is a good option.  i wish i lived in manayunk just to get their salads!Good pizza. Really wish they had french fries...Update - 
Me and my boyfriend went back.  GREAT service!   I loved our server she was so cute and helpful.  We sat outside and they even gave my dog water.  We used the groupon, and it was an absolute steal.
She also informed me that the rude server has been let go.  I would go back, great experience!First, I will say this place has great fresh wraps, salads and pizzas. I have been a customer for years. That being said- their service is horrendous. I always have trouble receiving the actual delivery order that I placed. I recently ordered through grub hub and even though I changed my delivery address- Couch Tomato system used my last order address on the ticket. The delivery guy called me and when I told him I was at a different address he yelled at me over the phone! (He was only two blocks away) then When he dropped the order off he just shoved the food in my hands before I could explain or check the order. Of course sandwich had cucumbers on it and I requested sans cucumbers because I'm allergic. My advice- if you order take out or delivery check your order right away and don't pre tip on delivery!Amazing vegan pizza, awesome staff, great atmosphereThe BEST place for fresh, local food. Love the rotating seasonal menu as well as the staple signature items. Everything is easily customizable and the staff is extremely friendly. I haven't had a bad experience and have eaten here PLENTY of times. You need to try it!I will be returning here next time I am in town! 
I thoroughly enjoyed my gluten free buffalo chicken pizza and Cobb salad. Try the balsamic vinegarette! I was impressed that any pizza could be made gluten free for $1 up charge. The salad and pizza were both great. Staff was friendly as well.Probably one of the best flat breads I have had in Philadelphia. Every single thing I have tried here is amazing. The salads are also great. My favorite is the shortrib flatbread. Surprisingly, they also have a phenomenal beer list. I love it!After having a bad experience on my last visit, the customer service provided by both the owners and catering manager was terrific.  My co-workers and I just had a sampling of the catering menu and I must say it was exceptional!  Fresh products & the variety provided was great! I will definitely use the catering option again!I took my dad to the cafe on Tuesday and we had an amazing salad...AND the April pizza (spinach artichoke dip)...holy cow!!! It's out of this world! And the service was fantastic! Good job on the pizza, Jeremy!!have gone back to try it again and must say their salads are pretty good - esp with the homemade dressing. also do like the bbq chicken pizza.Got a take-out lunch salad from this place and while the portion was generous, the chicken I requested to be added ended up being a very strange, almost canned, texture vs. the usual chunks/strips of grilled chicken I was expecting. The goat cheese was also in a couple of large hunks on the side vs. sprinkled as smaller pieces. 
The balsamic vinaigrette was nice and the greens themselves were pretty fresh. Not a bad salad on the whole, but would leave off the chicken next time and split one as a starter to some pizza.LOVE their gluten free pizza! I often come here when I am craving pizza and they have amazing options. Their ingredients are always fresh.Love Couch Tomato! Great option for lunch or dinner, especially when you want something fast. They offer pick up, delivery, or dine in options which is great.
The bread for all of the sandwiches is so thick and delicious. I highly recommend the grilled cheese and tomato soup combo. It is UNREAL. Salads are great too! 
Only negative is that online ordering makes it hard to customize your order and sometimes the service is slow/rude. Food overshadows it though.So I'm giving Couch Tomato 3 stars instead of 5 because of my last 2 recent visits.
CT used to be my Go-To spot for any salads, wraps, or sometimes even pizza.  Their prices are a bit higher, but worth it for me because of the large portions, and extremely fresh products.  Also to note, I have only eaten in once (before the dine in was complete), and I usually take out.
The last 2 times I have ordered from there, have been disappointing.  They missed part of my order, and when I got home, I wasn't in the mood to drive back.  The most recent order (about 2.5 weeks ago) really took the cake, and I don't think I will be returning for a while.
I called ahead to place and order, and when I go in, like anyone else, I expect to pay, grab a back sitting there waiting for me, and be on my way.  Well last time I went to pick up my food, I was literally in there for 20-25 minutes!!!  There was 1 couple in front of me ordering, so I patiently waited.  Granted, I think not only was it the couple's first time in CT, it was probably their first time in the country, and maybe their first time ordering food.  There was only one guy basically doing everything (working the register, making the food, warming up the pizza) and a non-english speaking individual making salads.  There was probably 5-7 other that I could see, but non of them bothered to help.  So after they finish ordering this same guy starts putting slices in the over, bagging some of their items, etc, etc...  So now 17-18 mins later, he asks me what I'd like, and I tell him I am picking up, and he rings me up, taking a whole 15 seconds.  he then goes to the back (I am assuming to grab my food), but i see him start making food again.  As I am STILL standing at the register, he then comes back to me and tells me he rung me up but forgot to hand me my bad of food, which was just sitting there the entire time.
So now I'm already furious because i called ahead, and had to wait 25 minutes for what could of been a 30 second process.  When we get home to eat the salads, the lettuce is brown, and half rotten.  The apples in the smokey sweet salad were also brown and discolored.  We asked for light on the sunflower seeds for the Greek Salad, and were charged extra for them!  The damn salad comes with Sunflower seeds!
After the last experience, I probably will not return, but prior to then, I was there about once a week, and it was delicious.  I just hope they don't go down the big business path of low quality now that they are gaining popularity.even though they were out of vegan cheese (i'm lactose intolerant, so it's not a lifestyle choice but a health-necessity that i don't eat cheese/dairy), the service was amazing!  
Chicken and Waffles- the whole plate wasn't brown, but it was damn good anyway
Mussels- they gave me extra bread! 
Bruschetta- yummy, and weird, but yummy.My regular go to for excellent pizza. It's delicious, and they have great gluten free options. They also keep the menu fresh, and I've enjoyed the seasonal pizzas for a change.  
Couch tomato has spoiled takeout anywhere else, as it's hard to find such great tasting food with high quality ingredients and fair prices. And, 99% of the time their staff is really great.
I have been a regular, ordering here at least twice a month for the past few years.  Recently, they've had a few growing pains, perhaps their expansion to west Chester has thrown off their focus (e.g., I received a delivery with one wrong pizza, and two burnt.  The staff on the phone denied making the pizza incorrectly or that t was burnt, but sent out a replacement. I hope this was a one time hiccup and that they can keep up their quality, because I love their pizza!)The food is fresh and you can taste that. They have a lot of menu items to choose from! The best pizza I have had so far is Florentine and it is usually on discount !The Couch Tomato is the best delivery/take out option in Manayunk. It's so nice to be able to create your own salads, wraps, and pizzas. They're always fresh and use creative ingredients that you can't find elsewhere.very unique pizza. Everyday they have new slices to choose from-Bacon cheeseburger pizza, buffalo,great white. Are the bestI have used this place for catering many many times.  The staff is very nice and accommodating and they are always gracious if there are last minute orders.  The pizza and salads are a big hit.  They lost a star because the desserts tend to be a little dry and flavorless.Couch Tomato was one of those places that we ordered from pretty much bi-weekly when working at Philadelphia University. I was never really a fan of the pizza, there was one drunk visit where they got my order (the last slice of plain for the day) somehow lodged in their rotating oven. Though they refunded me and apologized for the inconvenience it was a sad moment in my life. I somehow managed to get over it, and began ordering from them again with my co-workers at the college. I'm glad that I put the pizza incident behind me because I became a salad addict, back then my favorite was one they dubbed "Strawberry Fields"...I don't know which I liked more, the name or the combination of fresh strawberries and goat cheese. These days I pledge my allegiance solely to the "Buffalo Soldier" to which I order in my sing-songy faux rasta voice.Kickin chicken sandwich is delicious! It is big so great for leftovers for lunch the next day. Avocados are very ripe and fresh tasting and the chipotle sauce is to die for. Also grilled cheese and tomato bisque combo is a great alternative and the bread is perfect for dipping. I recommend getting either sandwich and you won't be disappointed!Love this place best gluten free pizza around. However I recently got my graduation party catered by here. Would never do it again. They messed up our order. We even order gluten free chicken parm which they assured us they could do but only gave us plain grilled chicken breasts. After they delivered our order we called back to tell them it was wrong and never got an answer or call back(we called 3 times). Other then this terrible catering experience their food is still good.I have given several very good reviews to both the Couch Tomato Cafe and Bistro. It is absolutely one of my favs and I have been going to both establishments since they opened. Have to add another dimension to my previous reviews. They now deliver. My husband and I are both in our seventies and he sometimes has a difficult time getting around so we are limited in eating these places. Tonight I was able to enjoy their great food since they deliver in my neighborhood. Thank you Craig and Michael. You made my day. As always, everything was delicious, on time and hot.Came here after shopping my heart out at the consignment stores in the area,I ordered two pizzas, chicken parm and cheese. The staff is kind and tries to help out, but the pizza was just barely okay.. honestly a Papa Johns pizza would have tasted better.Can you say FRESH?!   OMG  thie place has the most amzingly fresh ingredients.  I had the Chicken chipotle salad that was big enough to feed a family of five.  The most amazing avacado ever!!!   I LOVED it.  They did a great job with y dining companions sandiches, however they lose a star for forgettingone.  I truly recommend this place.  I was blown away!What a great find! We've only been in to dine once so far, and got take out once, but will be back for sure. The food was yummy and the staff was super friendly and knowledgable. We ordered a panini and a salad. Sandwich was hot and full of flavor and the salad was perfect. Can't wait to try their pizzas next!Love their salads! I make my own but the best part is the fresh mozzarella! I also get their peppers, cranberries, almonds, roasted chicken, with the raspberry dressing. Can't tell you how much money I've spent on these during college at SJU living in manayunk!They have the best soup in Manayunk, not to mention the gourmet spin on their sandwiches. The tomato basil soup in amazing, and they have a two slice and a beer deal that is worth eating in for.This pizza is great!  I online order from the Couch Tomato and it's always ready when I get there.  The people that work in the Manayunk location are always in a good mood.  The pizza is thinner than other pizzas, but so good.  The salads here are excellent too.  Probably the best salads in the area.  And I don't usually order salads out.  But if you order here you have to at least get a side salad to try and fall in love :-) 
Only complaint- one to go parking spot outside the cafe.  And in a weird alley if you are driving.Yum -- Awesome food with a nice hippy vibe!  Can't go wrong here.This is one of the "old stand-by's" when I order out for a quick meal with my girlfriend. They have healthy options along with indulgent options. It is priced fairly, but I wouldn't say it is inexpensive.  The menu is large and the portions are generous.  They do deliver, but it is usually very slow.  I love their style, decor, cleanliness and overall attitude in the place.  I don't think this place "nails" it every time, but they are very consistent.  The simple approach of trying to offer something healthy is a big plus to me.   It remains one of my favorites on Main Street.Ok, so I haven't yelped much recently because school is dominating my life, but I feel my Couch Tomato experience has ruffled my feathers enough to have me dis it a bit. 
1. It's 4:45 on a Sunday. No one is in there. Somehow it takes me 30 minutes to get my small salad. Hand me the damn thing. I can see it sitting there. 
2. Plastic wrapping in my salad, really?  I thought that was something I've only had happen at Applebees. Good thing I wasn't a child and didn't choke on it.  I only saw it cos it was a gigantic piece. 
3. Random green peppers accidentally in there. NOT OK. I hate those things. F'ing watch where your ingredients fall if you're going to call yourself such wonder of fresh ingredients and service with a smile. 
That's two strikes in one trip CT. TWO. Shape up, or you're gonna lose a customer that comes in a lot, and in desperate need of delicious food.Very fresh, organic, honest ingredients. I can get a salad from this place after the gym and not feel guilty after. On a more comfort food side, their grilled cheese and tomato soup platter is amazing! A tad pricey menu-wise but you really get a lot of great food for the money. Blows any fast food restaurant out of the water, and is perfect for those nights when you want something fast and don't want to cook. I will continue to order from this place as long as I live close by!We love this place and get their takeout on a regular basis now.  I get their regular pizza, which is delicious (and being from NY, I have high standards for pizza!).  My husband gets the gluten-free pizza, which is the best gluten free pizza we've found yet! The salads are also great, and the staff is always very friendly and accommodating.  Definitely recommend it!I do enjoy pizza all around and i understand the wait time for one if its busy but this wasnt the case today. Today i had my puppy tag along, sat outside and watched everyone in the restaurant leave so i knew i was lucky cause it wpuldnt take a crazy long time to grab my food. Not only did it take almost 10 minutes to get my drink but close to a half hour to get my food. Amd wow was this food something far from good. There were what looked like four slices. I tasted one,  wasnt too happy but, since i was hungry and had just payed too much for this pizza, i settled for it.  When i got to the 4th slice it wasnt even a slice it was a pile of tomatoes and cheese and i was kinda upset bc i was still hungry and there wasnt a slice there for me....Had the barbecue chicken pizza and it was sooooo good!!! Came fresh out of the oven and the sauce was tangy but flavorful. I've also had the chipotle chicken salad which was fresh and great flavor. I'll be back!Yum!!! Fresh hearty sandwich and the fresh lemonade is soooo good. I have not been here for the evening menu but the lunch is great.The food was good.  I will definitely stop by for a quick eat when I'm in the neighborhood.  I'm just not doing flips over it being the bestI LOVE this place. I am a frequent flyer to say the least. I am huge on wraps and they have more options for toppings and dressings than any other salad/sandwich place I've been to, and with reasonable prices! I can always create something different, my only complaint being that I'm too indecisive to pick from all of the awesome choices (my go-to are the pears though!). I've also had a couple of their pizzas, also delicious! I always do a whole wheat crust, but aim to try a different combo every time I order. And lastly, the soups and all-natural sodas are superb :)Been going to Couch Tomato for years and its consistently fresh and tasty. I'm partial to the pizza but my wife always enjoys the salads. Love that they serve craft beer now.  Outdoor seating is a plus.I LOVE THEIR FOOD....our office has been ordering from them pretty much every day. The only complaint is that their delivery is usually and hour long to get here....give or take. I'm writing a review today because it has been an hour and a half, and I still haven't gotten my order. Ew.I've had Lorenzos, Tony's, Tacs..you know the rest. Couch Tomato has the best slices I've had. If you're into thin and crispy, you have to try one. They definitely have the gourmet toppings (taco, buffalo chix, white) and they do calzones, too.
Every girl in line will no doubt be ordering their hufreakingmungous bowls of salads, but get twice slices of pizza and a soda and sit outside. I promise you you'll love it.
Vote for this baby next time Citysearch is running their Best Ofs. . .I came here after we saw their brunch special posted in a Facebook promotion - only $13 for all you can eat food, with a really nice mix of breakfast and more substantial lunch-type items. Would highly recommend both of the breakfast strombolis - both the veggie and meat options were delicious. The garlic knobs (basically little bread balls with butter and garlic) are top-notch. The buffet on that particular day had some flatbread pizzas as well as chicken Marsala and tortellini.
The "Bottomed Out" option for brunch was nice - much cheaper than Bottomless deals at many restaurants, as you pay $8 for your first drink and $2 for each subsequent one. The Bloody Mary was fantastic, but very hearty and rich. If that's your thing, great - but don't plan on having more than one. Next time I think I'll go with the mimosas, which were lighter and made with fresh, pulpy orange juice and a liberal amount of champagne.
The sliders and the duck and apple pizza are my favorite menu items - especially the fried egg slider and the portobella slider. You get three in an order and it makes for a nice appetizer if you're sharing, or a nice meal if you're looking for something light!
The atmosphere was great - not too loud and certainly enough space. With as crazy as some places can get on Sundays for brunch, we were seated immediately and with the brunch special being a buffet, we didn't have to wait long for service. 
It's a great piece of the Manayunk neighborhood - always nice to find a spot with such a diverse menu that doesn't mean you've got to break the bank to get it!Couch Tomato Café is a great place to grab lunch in Manayunk. A slice and a small salad is a balanced tasty lunch. Their fresh ingredients for salads make it hard to select the right salad. I usually get the Pop-eye salad with grilled chicken on top. The thin crisp crust is what makes the pizza so tasty. Their buffalo chicken pizza and the white cheese pizza are my favorites.  You can select wheat crust or white. The also serve beer! Beer and pizza pair well together so I was happy to hear this. It's been this way ever since Tomato Bistro, the restaurant upstairs, opened because they are connected with the same management and they now have a liquor license. 
I never had a problem waiting for my order while I ate at the café because I tend to just order slices. However if you order a whole pizza to eat there be prepared to wait for at least twenty five minutes for the pie. My friends ordered a large pizza with some toppings and it took early long to get it served by everything else was served fairly fast. 
Delivery is available but each time I have ordered delivery here it has taken twice the amount of time that they estimate. One time they said it would take 30-40 minutes for two pizzas but it ended up taking almost an hour and a half! They did apologize about his wait time but I learned my lesson and decided to never order from here while I'm really hungry because I know it won't be fast.The staff is very friendly and the food is so, so good. The salads are my favorite, they are huge! The pizza and panini's are great too. The panini takes awhile though, but totally worth the wait. The place has a great atmosphere and they are also pretty savvy about the community and the environment. There is more to them than just pizza and salads, they seem to be very forward thinking and care a good deal about their customers. It is definitely one of my top places to go in Manayunk.
LOVE this place :)Stopped by for dinner and got the sliders - you get to choose three so I got the southwestern, the fried egg, and the black bean burger.  Got a side salad on the side.  The sliders were delicious and very filling!  Service was very prompt and speedy.  They even brought us complimentary samples of the tomato bisque and it was tasty!  It was so hard to choose what to get because everything looked so good!You should read this experience! It promises to entertain at the very least.
I have been to Couch Tomato Café a number of times and for the most part the experience has been positive. The food is good, the atmosphere pleases, and the prices are reasonable.
This experience motivated me to post something on yelp for the first time, but people need to hear my story. I had placed an order for a number of co-workers and myself during lunch. When I arrived the place was slow. I handed my online order to one of the cashiers, who seemed confused and asked if I had already placed the order. After I said yes he seemed to study the integrity of the document I provided. However, he clearly did not read it because he asked me what I ordered and what the order's name was placed under. Finally resolving the confusion I accepted the food from him and paid.
When I got back to the office we realized this bag only had half of the food we ordered. I drove back there to claim the other part of our meal. When I got there the Couch Tomato was still slow and this time a girl was working the register. I told her that I was missing the better half of my order, to which she retrieved right away. This is where things got interesting.
She said she would have the manager come and apologize; a nice touch. The manager happened to be the same suspicious fellow from earlier. The nice girl let the manager know I was back for the rest of my order and suggested he apologize. He walks the two steps to face me and sneered "so, do you want a brownie or something." To which I said "no, but an apology would be nice." He retorted, "well you come in here with a piece of paper I've never seen before and you're on your phone not paying attention so I guess my bad." I starred at him with this overwhelming sense of frustration, but reasoned it out instead with another request for an apology. He said, "my bad, I'm sorry." My pizza was cold, but I was beyond going back a third time.I came here for restaurant week with my sisters and niece. I think it is great that they offer this deal because it gives people the chance to try a great meal for a reasonable price.  Although, I came here for restaurant week I was the only 1 in my party that ordered something off the real menu and I am so happy I did because when I finally did get my food it was delicious.
I ordered coconut shrimp appetizer and a white pizza with ricotta cheese and spinach. The food was delicious but I feel it didn't come out in a timely manner. The waitress tried her best to keep up with all the tables she had I just feel they might need to look into getting more help .
I was also a little disappointed that I wasnt asked if I wanted to order dessert my sisters both got dessert and my niece because they ordered from the restaurant week menu I guess the waitress forgot to ask me after I finished my meal if I would like anything. The dirty dinner plates should of also been cleared off before dessert came out I am not sure why the dessert came out before it was cleared off but I think they should work on that in the future. The place is popular and the food is good just need to get extra help in there.If I was only rating the food this would absolutely be 5/5 stars, but the service here is very frustrating.  Again, the food is excellent so if you pack a lot of patience you may be fine here. Typically the people doing take out orders are not overly friendly. On week nights food is typically ready on time but on weekends expect to double or triple the time they estimate for your food to be ready. The last time my husband and I ordered food they made my salad but forgot to make his pizza so when we arrived we had to wait anyway for the food to be prepared. Just recently I ordered a salad and arrived to pick up after 20 mins, it ended up taking 45 mins because they had made it but forgot to put it in the bag.  I would have waited longer if I hadn't said something. So again, great food, frustrating service.A place that strives to use local, fresh ingredients? Heck yeah I had to try! Ordered the vegetarian slice of pizza and buffalo chicken slice with a side of tomato basil soup and chicken sandwich. The vegetarian pizza was amazing. I can't even remember what veggies were on there aside from the grilled mushrooms because they stole the show. The buffalo chicken pizza was okay, nothing too memorable. The tomato basil soup was spectacular! I'm not usually a tomato soup fan, but I slurped down their tomato basil soup like a hungry hungry hippo. The chicken sandwich was kind of a miss though. The bread was good, but chicken kind of dry and flavorless. Overall the food here is pretty good if you order the right combo for your taste buds.Couch Tomato is one of my favorite restaurants for dining in, takeout, or delivery. My boyfriend and I have done all 3 and have been very pleased with the service and *especially* the food selection. We are into eating healthy and this place offers not only healthy options but ones that are delicious too! We've had their pizzas, salads, sandwiches, entrees, etc. from both the Cafe and Bistro. Some of our favorites include Organic Quinoa Salad (Bistro), Santorini Salad (Cafe), Mediterranean Platter (Cafe), Pistachio Pesto Pizza (Bistro), Spicy Soppressata Pizza (Bistro), Eggplant Rollatini (Bistro), Pan Roasted Cod Entree (Bistro), etc. We have also enjoyed their beer selection (You gotta try the beer flights!) The ambiance is very nice and the wait staff is on point.This place is so perfect for a date night! I've been here a few times and always had great food and great service. If you are looking for a place with fresh homemade pizza and comfort foods like Mac and cheese or a juicy burger...go here!The Couch Tomato is a wonderful fresh and friendly venue for delicious salads and sandwiches along Main Street (at Rector) in Manayunk.  I discovered it because they mailed a menu to my home (I live up the hill in Roxborough), which is about 1 mile from the Café. Seeking fresh salads with a twist, one spring day in April I took the hike down to Manayunk and checked out the casual spot.  I have been back many times since, trying different salads and sandwiches, and always completely satisfied.  You can choose one from the menu options, or create your own salad or sandwich combination.  If you're looking to support a local, small and independent business that offers FRESH ingredients, organic options and gluten free choices, be sure to check out the Couch Tomato.  Their other specialty is pizza, but I haven't tried it yet. Based on my experience with their salads and sandwiches, I'm pretty confident the pizza would be amazing too. In the true spirit of sourcing locally and supporting other small businesses, they also feature a fresh take offering all natural New Hope Fountain Soda.  They have tables for dining inside and outside curbside so you can enjoy the sun or fresh air while people watching.  They also feature the Couch Tomato Bistro, a full service restaurant that I will be sure to try one day as well.  For comparison sake, if you like Panera, you'll love the Couch Tomato, and you'll truly be supporting local business which is supporting local food sourcing, something even the best chains are not doing yet.  I've pretty much made the switch 100% plus I can walk here from home.  Like all businesses on Main Street in Manayunk, parking can be a challenge during busy periods.Is the definition of "bistro" mean limited menu. Nice atmosphere, nice friendly service and we'll prepared tasty food. But not a lot of choices.  I feel I had the best I could have from their menu.   Sooooo I Don't have urge to return. Sorry couch tomatoe.I love the Create-Your-Own-Salad here! They're food foods always fresh and delicious. The poppy seed dressing is sooo good! I wish they sold a bottle of it. The bread that comes with the salad is always surprisingly delicious. I had gotten two slices of pizza to go a few weeks back. One slice was the ancho-honey (delicious and spicy), and while the other looked promising, by the time I walked home it was hard as a rock. (Note: I only only live two blocks away.) 
I would still return but would probably eat my pizza there instead of taking it to go.How could you go wrong with a place called couch tomato!  We ordered takeout and it did not take long for them to deliver our order. For 4 people we went with 2 of the smaller 10 inch pizzas, one salad and one calzone which was the perfect amount of food.  We ordered a salad which was very fresh and I highly recommend the avocado ranch dressing.  For the pizzas we went with the basic margarita and the picante. I highly recommend the picante as the dressing on it was fantastic.I don't know why I hadn't reviewed this place sooner but every time I've been it's been delicious. I'm usually one who picks tons of topping on my pizza but the plain Jane is so tasty-honestly the best cheese pizza I've ever had. Another one of my favorites is The Godfather, the balsamic glaze adds so much flavor. Because the location is on the corner of Main Street it's nice that they offer the option to call to have someone bring out your order if picking up. I would also recommend signing up for the rewards. I am always receiving coupons and even got a free dessert once!Best salads going - and pizzas (double cut!) are fresh, tasty.  Service is great.  We order for our office, always on time, always piping hot, best balsamic dressing around.  Get the whole wheat rolls with the pear-fection salad.  mmmm.Great pizza at reasonable prices!  The American with honey, goat cheese, and Rosemary was amazing. Parking is a pain, I think they offer valet on weekends. Fair prices for main st!When I'm tired of ordering the same stuff, feeling like I need something lighter or better, but am still too lazy to cook or leave the house to find something else, this is the go to. Everything I've tried from them is good and reminds me that fresh vegetables and quality ingredients are things I like.  Don't think I've ever had an issue with delivery, even when moving from one confusing apartment complex to another. Thanks for helping me eat my veggies, Couch Tomato Cafe.What initially drew me to this place was the really talented acoustic guitar player in front, rocking out a fantastic cover of Pink Floyd's "Run". I went inside to see what the place offered and ordered a slice of broccoli raab and spinach pizza. Yummy! Then, just so I could stick around and listen to the guitar guy, I ordered a bowl of gazpacho. Yummy!! I would have checked out one of the salads --I've read on yelp that they're good --but I was getting pretty full. I can't wait to go back; I want to try every one of their infinitely many pizza topping combinations. The only complaint I have is that they put too much ice in the lemonade, I was done in two sips.I am an absolute fan of the Couch Tomato.  As a kid growing up my mom used to make us grilled cheese and Campbell's tomato soup.  After having that soup for multiple years I officially became team Chicken Noodle.  Never to touch, try, smell, sniff tomato soup ever again was a life's goal.  Lo and behold, while at the Couch Tomato on a Thursday night, I was given a sample of the Creamy tomato basil soup.  The flavors of this soup are absolutely incredible.  That's not the only thing to love there but it is what I relished on my last 2 visits.  The atmosphere, along with the nicest wait staff are what makes me return.  I chose the Couch Tomato as my finale restaurant for Manayunk's Stroll the Street; that speaks volumes for me.I'm a loyal customer, but you HAVE to get rid of that new brand of fountain soda you're serving.  It's awful!  Sometimes I'll grab food at a different pizza joint, just so I don't have to make a second stop to get a good, old-fashioned Diet Coke!This is a great place to eat! They have a good variety of pizzas which are always delicious. They also serve beer and their prices are good. This is always my go-to place when I'm on Main Street and I want a quick bite to eat. They also have a customer appreciation day where you get a free slice! Overall, I love this place!So disappointed in this place again. I was there tonight and ordered a salad and a wrap. I paid $30 and both were sub par. I have been in the area for 10 years and used to come here all the time. I stopped ordering from/ recommending The Couch Tomato because the service was terrible and they always manage to mess up my order. Gave it one last shot tonight for take out and nothing but disappointment. This place used to be awesome and I really enjoyed it but has not been the same in the past 5 years. It's just not worth returning anymore.Really delicious salads, wraps and pizzas. Quick too. I love the curbside pickup and valet parking!This is my go-to place in Manayunk for delicious pizza. They have awesome "gourmet options" and the plain stuff is delicious, too. The wheat crust is surprisingly good. They used to have a pizza on the menu called the "Edible Hulk" which has pesto and arugula on on. If you ask for it, they'll still make it. And it's not just the pizzas... the salads are AMAZING. They have so many delicious options to make your own and a bunch of great pre-made choices. Plus, they have great beer specials and outdoor seating for the summer (and you can bring your dog if you sit outside!). The indoor seating/environment isn't so hot, but it's great to-go, fine to stay, and great outdoors.  If you don't want beer, they also have delicious, natural, locally made sodas on tap. IT'S ALL SO GOOD!!!I have been a fan of The Couch Tomato for several years.  They often change the menu and there are some really unique and healthy salads.  We usually order the calzones instead of the pizza and we're never disappointed with the taste of the food.  They seem to use really fresh ingredients.  They also make really great homemade soups.   I am only giving three stars because it seems that over the years, the prices have gone WAY up and the amount of food you get has gone down.  Tonight, we ordered "small salads" and for $5.99 it was literally the smallest salad I've ever seen!  I'm not sure where they even get those tiny containers.  Again, the food is great.  The delivery is convenient and the prices are outrageous.The food here has always been pretty exceptional. I had a bad experience with delivery once which I mentioned in my previous review and won't go into detail about here. The manager reached out  to rectify the problem and I couldn't have asked for a better resolution. Considering my initial review was based primarily on a customer service issue, I'm inclined to update my review to reflect just the food. Its great! Just don't buy the Greco (wrap).Maybe it was an off night, but it was decidedly mediocre - There's a lot of places in Philly to get pizzas and salads, and being dead-on average flavor-and-quality-wise, and a bit pricier than most, I can only give the average score of three.This place gets it right on all counts. High quality ingredients, menu variety with a great mix of healthy and indulgent items, great customer service in-house and speedy delivery too! What more can you ask for.
The salads are the best you're going to get delivered in the Manayunk area. Yeah, they may be on the pricey side but you know you're going to get fresh lettuce, not old browned iceberg. They tape the dressing container lids shut so they won't spill, and you get a complimentary piece of bread, which is a nice touch.
The pizzas and sandwiches are on the money, too. Really, nothing but great things to say about Couch Tomato!Couch Tomato is the best place to eat in Manayunk! They have such a wide variety of meat and vegetarian friendly items from pizza to sandwiches to yummy salads.  They have great rotating craft beer on tap and their cookies are the best!  I eat here at least twice a week and can't get enough! I would recommend this to anyone who wants a quality, healthy meal thats quick and affordable! A must visit in manayunk!My friends and I were in the neighborhood the other day and decided to stop in. I, for one, am really happy they were convinced because the food was delicious!
I got the chicken pesto grilled panini and the tomato basil soup. Both were crazy good, especially together.
I'd seriously recommend it to anyone in the area, it's really awesome and the prices are pretty reasonable.Good quality, fresh food served in a warm atmosphere. Great rotating craft beer selection. Excellent take out section as well downstairs at the couch tomato café. Excellent salads, it's what they do bestMy favorite place for quick, yummy, healthy-ish food. Great thin crust pizzas and yummy salads. Ingredients are always super fresh. The grilled cheese and tomato soup combo is perfect on a cold winter night! The people are always super nice and the service is quick. Lots of options for everyone to choose from. Some things seem a little overpriced, but the quality is always good.Couch tomato is delicious! Not only was the thin crust pizza AMAZING, but the salads were too! The crabmeat salad was wonderful. This is not just a normal pizza parlor.Good pizza and salads at a good price.
I went here with a friend to split a pizza. We eat on an outside table, which is recommended due to how small it is inside. The pizza was good, not the best pizza in the world but for the price very worth it.Good Pizza that is unique and flavorful!
Yum!The Couch Tomato is consistently delicious! The gourmet pizzas are awesome. I've had both their specialty pizzas and made my own. They're a little pricey, but they're huge! If you're dining alone, the personal pizzas are the way to go.  They sell pizza by the slice as well. The Hawaiian pizza is one of my favorites!
If you're not in the mood for pizza, try one of their amazing salads or wraps. They have a great selection of original salads or you can make your own. The creamy balsamic dressing is my FAV!
If you're looking for a quick bite or a big meal to fill you up, The Couch Tomato is a must try. You will definitely become a repeat customer.
PS: The staff is super friendly too!Best salad in the city and the balsamic dressing is the best I've ever had. The pizza selection listed on the menu is awesome, although they don't always have the best selection available for slices. That would be my only complaint.Best salads and wraps around manayunk.  Only flaw is their delivery service is a tad slow.  If you are eating in or picking up your order, you will have no complaints.  Great placeThis was such a wonderful find last year. Healthy takeaway food! Their salads are so fresh, innovative and delicious. The sandwiches are huge, filling and scrumptious! Even their pizzas are quite good. You can't go wrong here, and you won't hate yourself later like you would with that cheesesteak! :) The pickup option is also pretty fantastic along with the delivery. What are you waiting for? Order from them now!Got this pizza last night for the Super Bowl.  It was a margarita pizza and wings, and was ok.  The margarita didn't really have a lot of fresh mozz on it unfortunately and seemed splattered on, so the pie didn't look great when we opened it up for the game.  
To its credit, the pie tasted a lot of the tomato and basil that was all over it.  If that is what you like, you will enjoy this pizza.  I'm a fresh mozzarella guy and like an even amount over my pies.  Some slices barely had any, others had a good amount and I got stuck with a few slices with not much.  The crust was pretty good, soft and nice and chewy.  All in all, not a bad pizza and the best I've had in Roxborough or Manayunk so far, but there isn't much by ways of competition.  Next time I will try the wraps or salads which my friend says are incredible.  
First impression wasn't stellar, it was solid - but I am definitely willing to try more things on their menu and recommendations of my friends..Absolutely love this place! It's located just around the corner from me, so I walk there a few times a week! Their food is super fresh and healthy, and the menu contains a great variety. The food pyramid salad is my favorite, I highly recommend trying it!
They also have a great rewards program that gives you coupons once you receive so many points.Last time I was here, I picked up one of their epic Holy Chipotle salads and tried some of the buffalo chicken pizza with the beau.  This past time, we went for the classic pepperoni pizza on a whole wheat crust.  I have yet to be disappointed. 
I ordered the large salad and it was EASILY enough for two full meals. The chipotle dressing... absolutely. Though I'm a firm believer that adding chipotle to just about anything will make it better.  The theory is holding thus far....
The buffalo chicken pizza was right up my alley, though my partner was a little put off by the gorgonzola.  Unfortunate for him, but perfect for me, a firm believer that gorgonzola and buffalo chicken go together like peanut butter and jelly.  
Their whole wheat crust is delicious, not the dense almost crumby style that I've had at other pizza joints attempting "whole wheat" and I know that I'll order it for all future pies.
My only complaints about this spot would be that they could probably use a different size, somewhere between the JUMBO 18" pie and the personal 10". For two people, we found that the jumbo is just too large (unless we were ravenous) and the personal is too small.  A buffer pie would be nice.  The prices may seem a little steep initially, but when you realize how much bang (read: pizza/salad) you get for your buck, you understand that you're basically paying for tonight's dinner and tomorrow's lunch.This place is seriously perfect.
Delicious, healthy, and amazing service.
We ordered the Chipotle Pizza and I got the salmon salad. Both were out of this world. You could literally taste how fresh these plates were.  Pizza was definitely enough for two people. 
I'm also not one to order salads at places, but this is definitely the place to do so. 
This review is honestly tough to write because of how simply amazing it was. There's nothing else to really say. If you are in town or in the Philly area, eat here. Do it. You won't regret it.Couch tomato is by far my favorite place to eat on Mainstreet in Manayunk.  I have lived in the area for 6 years now and it quickly has become my go to place! I order there quite frequently especially since it is a healthy choice with all their salads to choose from! Their salads are the best around and I usually go with the Where's Waldorf or Holy Chipotle - they are delicious! There soups are also very delicious especially their Tomato Basil. I definitely recommend this place, good food and decently priced - you can eat in, choose take-out or delivery! And don't forget to sign up for Tomato points to receive rewards!The food is almost always good with the exception of their wraps over my past few visits. Over the past few weeks I have been primarily been ordering wraps and while just okay they more often than not fall apart because of how they are rolled up, it's an issue but not enough of one to warrant just two stars.  Here's where I have to come in at two stars, over my last five plus visits not only have the wraps fallen apart but they usually contain very little greens. Tonight I ordered the food pyramid wrap and it had all but a pittance if spinach in it, leaving it quite small and way too sugary as the strawberries and pecans were overpowering. Same issue last Wednesday very little lettuce in the La Fiesta wrap I picked up.  When I stoped in earlier tonight I saw the woman at the counter make my wrap and a small salad at the same time, the salad had a reasonable amount of spinach in itwhereas the bowl that held the ingredients to the wrap had maybe half of a small (I can't over emphasize the word small here enough) hand full of spinach, if it could even be called a handful.I ordered the American Pie and the Pear Salad the other day and asked if we could eat it there. When we got there, everything was ready for us to sit down and eat. Their pizza is so delicious - crust is thin and tender - no chewy dough here! Their salad was super fresh and generous - enough to feed 3 as a pre-pizza appetizer. I love this place as their food always tastes fresh. Thanks for keeping your quality up!The best pizza and salad place in Manayunk. Amazing customer service too which is why we are always ordering from Couch Tomato.Great for gluten free, the menu is now updated with appropriate vegan and gluten free labels, so even if someone on staff can't remember it's now on the menu. It can get a bit pricey and sometimes I feel like there aren't enough toppings, especially for the price.I want to like the Couch Tomato. I really really do. The concept of the cafe is great and I have continued to come back hoping for the service--and with it the food--to improve. But that is no longer the case.
Each of the four times I've ordered from here, my order has been wrong. Last night was the final straw, we ordered pizza and breadsticks around 9:15pm and were left waiting until 10:10pm (10 minutes after close) for our food to be ready. The kitchen staff kept coming out and giving us dirty looks as if it were our fault they were 30 minutes behind on orders. Because of this they give us the sloppiest looking pizza that I would not even pay $5 dollars for. There was cheese on half of the pizza and sauce on the other half of it, and it was not even remotely the pizza that was on our ticket and it did not come with any of the toppings we had ordered and PAID FOR. 
The staff had just been too lazy to make us the pizza we actually ordered. I would have had no problem if they turned down our order because they were closing soon or didnt have the ability to make our pizza. I called a 45 minutes prior to close, plenty of time to make a pizza properly. Unfortunately, we had not been smart enough to open the box while we were still at the restaurant, because if we had there is NO WAY I would have taken that pizza home--it was not worth my money.
I will never be returning to the Couch Tomato as each of my $25 orders has not been worthy of $5 of my money.
It is really unfortunate to me because they idea of this place is so great. There are lots of good vegetarian (and even vegan) options. I want to love it, but when I can almost guarantee they will not give me what I ordered this place ends up not being worth the money. 
Perhaps if they changed their staff to people who care about the quality and creativity of the pizza they hope to sell, that would eventually become the product they offer but for now it is not and I will not be returning until that is the product they truly offer.Went to The Couch Tomato last night, and came back quite satisfied.  
Had high expectations going in.  
We ordered a Sweet Kahuna salad (chicken, pineapple, almonds, coconut shavings, sweet poppyseed dressing), and it was amazing!  
We also got a personal Sgt. Peppers pizza (white pizza with garlic infused oil, bell peppers/onions, chicken, mozzarella) on whole wheat.  Ingredients tasted fresh, but overall a little bland.  
Next visit, plan on ordering slices of different pizzas, and avoiding the personal size (realized after the fact that the jumbo is a much better value).After 3 years of being a loyal customer, I finally have had the last straw and will NEVER order from the couch tomato cafe again. 
I've had mostly positive experiences ordering and dining in- until a few months ago when I received a regular cheese pizza instead of the vegan cheese pizza I ordered as well as a diet coke when I asked for regular. I was disappointed but brushed it off as a bad day. Two weeks ago I, again, received a diet coke instead of regular and yet again did not complain.
Today, I ordered a regular fountain soda and received the "skinny cola" version. I finally called to complain and the manager said it was odd but they were slammed and wouldn't be able to deliver a new drink for a while. I was extremely understanding but ultimately disappointed I wasn't even offered a credit or refund. When I began to eat my pizza I saw a long, thick hair on the crust. After looking closer, I saw several pieces of long, black hair cooked Into the cheese. I have found hair in food before, we all have, but this is absolutely disgusting and unacceptable on all levels. 
Please do yourself a favor and don't eat at the couch tomato!I couldn't decide what to order off of their menu because there were so many appealing options. I ended up getting a Holy Chipotle wrap. I thought it was good, but they totally drenched it with dressing. I've found that most places load it on so it's practically dripping, so I asked for them to go light on the dressing. If that was light, I can't imagine how much dressing they normally give you.
I would go back to try something different though, or even the same wrap but with significantly less dressing.All I can say is my boyfriend and I go here every Friday night - pathetic maybe, but we look forward to salads and pizza.  The staff know our order by heart and are very nice so they add to us wanting to go back every week.  There aren't a lot of places around the area where you can walk in and are greeted like "family".After my last review, the owner of the shop got in touch with some followup questions/comments about my bad experience.  He acknowledged that they should have done better, which I appreciated.  We've since ordered from the Couch Tomato a number of times, and it seems like they've gotten their delivery issues under control.  And the food is so much better when it's actually fresh!  I am now officially obsessed with their cheesy breadsticks.The food at Couch Tomato is absolutely delicious. All of the salads are so fresh and the home-made dressings are so tasty. The pizzas are cooked perfectly with many interesting topping combinations.
The servers are always attentive and the all-you-can-eat buffet is always stocked with many choices. In addition to the great food, the prices are beyond fair. I always leave having had a great meal at Tomato Bistro! Best lunch in Manayunk!!After wanting to try this place for awhile, came in here for a quick dinner with my boyfriend recently.  We got a small buffalo chicken pizza to share and garlic knots. The buffalo chicken pizza was great, normally isn't my first choice I just got it because it's my boyfriend's favorite type. But, I was pleasantly surprised with how much I liked it. The garlic knots were also delicious. I would like to try a salad next time because they looked very good and fresh. For drinks, they carry those "new hope" all-natural sodas that a lot of people seem to be getting, but unfortunately I am allergic to soda. I thought it was a little pricey for what it was because we weren't there for any sort of special or anything, but not enough that I wouldn't come back. They also have a more upscale restaurant upstairs.Sorry, but the quality has gone down, at least over the summer when we went a few times. We turned to each other and said "This is just not as good as it was". We would get slices of pizza and the salads. Here's to hoping they were having an off few months and that all is better.I've only had the gluten free pizza so I can't give a full review.  I will say that they'd got the best gluten free pizza crust that I've ever had.  It tastes similar to a good, handmade pizza crust.  Its not the cheapest pizza in the world fur for gluten free and organic options, I'll gladly pay for it.  Great micro-brew beer selections too!C'mon guys!
Normally a great place with great food. 
Someone dropped the ball today. Had to go back twice to get the rest of the order which was left out of the bag handed to me (paid for everything though). I gave up when I came home with an uncooked couch potato with no toppings...so frustrating...
I'll be back, but if this becomes a trend I'll be sad :(
MarcUpdating my review to include my recent catering order. Ordered a large food pyramid salad and 3 large pizzas for a party. Everyone raved about the food and how good it was.We had a girls night a few weeks ago and due to the torrential downpours, decided we were going to order in instead of venturing out.  We were prepared to take VERY good care of our delivery guy, and when we checked out the Couch Tomato menu, we were all really excited to give them a shot.  The food arrived very VERY late, but again, in terrible weather, we still tipped the delivery guy well, and didn't complain at all.  However, once we started taking the food out of the bags, we realized that they had missed a few items (a wrap, two apples, and a dressing on the side).  We called the restaurant and were told that they could get a new one out to us, but that it would take at least two hours.  It was already after 8 PM, and call me crazy, but I wasn't interested in eating dinner at 10 PM, hours after everyone else had eaten.  We were told that there was a credit on our order, once it was accessed after asking repeatedly.  When I asked how we were supposed to know that there was a credit, or how we would have received it, we were connected to someone who IMMEDIATELY  gave us attitude.  He mumbled his name every time it was asked, but I believe it was something along the lines of Derrell.
At this point, I was getting fired up.  I understand that mistakes happen, and especially on a night with terrible weather, it has to be a crappy job to put it all together, but how a company handles themselves when they make a mistake says everything about whether they deserve repeat business.  Derrell pretty much yelled at us, offered coupons for future visits, and when we said that because of the way the situation was being handled, we weren't interested in coming back, so he shouldn't waste his time sending them out, he told us that they would credit the $9 for the wrap, and hung up the phone.
We sat down to eat and split the remaining food up to cover for the missing items.  After eating, we realized that he had called back a few minutes after hanging up on us, and left a voice mail stating that he was going to credit the entire order back to the credit card, but needed us to call to give him the number.  My friend who had used her card called back, and spoke to a completely different Derrell (different attitude, not different person) who stated he didn't need the card after all, and she would see the credit by that Tuesday.
Fast forward to today, when the credit finally posts.  Mind you that while today is a Tuesday, it is, in fact, three Tuesdays later.  There have been about a dozen phone calls, the first few being filled with "check your account in a few more days" followed by "we use a third party provider who needs to credit the money back to you."  My friend finally contacted the third party, and was told that The Couch Tomato have never informed them that the charge should have been cancelled, and therefore hadn't ever attempted to post a credit back to the card.  After that conversation, my friend gave the Couch Tomato one last try to take care of it, and received yet another offhanded response, designed to get her to hopefully just walk away and forget about it without getting her money back.  Luckily, the third party company contacted them and took care of it, or else who knows when this would have ended.
Don't get me wrong... They had NO REASON to have to refund the full amount of the order.  That was going above and beyond, and we never asked for it (Hence the second star, which was honestly VERY hard to give...)  All we wanted was the money back for the food that we didn't get, and maybe a sincere apology for what was obviously the restaurant's mistake.  They called us back, after we had moved on, and offered it.  But once it is offered, it's their responsibility to follow up on it.  And had they only offered to credit back the $9, we might have just given up and walked away, letting them keep the money.  In that case, they would have been no less wrong than they were for treating the situation the way they did over more money.  And it makes me wonder how often they pull things like this, and screw over their customers because it's easier to give up than to fight for what's right.
I won't be going back again, which is a shame because the wrap I ordered and didn't get sounded absolutely heavenly, and other than the soup, all the food the other girls got received rave reviews.  Sadly, bad customer service WAY outweighs good food.Perfect place for sit down or take out. They have anything and everything on the menu and it's all fabulous. We are big fans of the Great White pizza and the pear-fection salads though - even my friends from NYC request it when they come to visit. To top it all off the staff is so friendly!Update since my first visit wasn't the best - my girlfriend came in a week later for a Cobb salad and some crab bisque.  I didn't try the salad myself, but she said it was delicious and hit the spot.  I had some of the crab bisque.. and all I can say is, I wish I had some right now (and it's only 9am). We also grabbed a slice the other night and it was up there with the top pizza slices I've had in Manayunk so far.  I recently moved here from NYC so my pizza standards are very high! Can't wait to stop in again and try something new.The Couch Tomato Café is definitely a must visit when in Manayunk.  Everything from salad, sandwiches, and pizza, everything is fresh and delicious.  They also have many healthy and gluten free options.  The staff is always friendly and helpful with any questions or needs you may have!Customer Service is terrible!! While they offer a variety of fresh salads and pizzas prepare to wait up to 2 hrs for delivery!   Food tends to be missing and cold upong arrival...do not expect a refund or an apology.  Have never waited less than an hour and a half for delivery service.  With what they charge they should be able to provide superb customer service!!!I've been a patron/ fan of Couch Tomato for around 3 years.  I recommend any of their pizza offerings and I especially like their pearfection salad.  I would give them 5 stars, but I took one off because they are a little too fanatical about their coupons (they require you to write your email address on the coupon - and this would be okay, but then why do I get texts sent to my phone?).  Anyway, don't let this stop you from enjoying their food.Among other things, the C.T. Café puts out a fairly good and large pizza pie. They do come thin, which doesn't fit my dough loving nature, but the flavor is up there in quality. Price is a little high for the area which brings the rating down a star for me, as did thin crust, but to each their own. For the best local pizza in my eyes, hit Roma's on Ridge ave. (very doughy, but closed on Sunday and does not deliver). For those that crave the thin crust in the neighborhood, it doesn't get much better than Couch Tomato (only one comparable would be Alex's, but they are in a different league altogether).
**** Owner contacted me and assured me that he listens to all critiques on his business and strives to improve upon them, he even sent me a voucher for a free personal pan style pie to prove it. I have yet to redeem it, but hands on service and customer appreciation like that deserves a star increase in my book.i have tried to find this city a few times in the past and finally found it.
i sure will come back to check out more of this fine place, city.
as for couch tomato cafe, not a bad place.
i am not a much fan of salad but i can sure get to like it.
i had slices of pizza of different kinds and they were not bad
better than the big chain but noting sticks in my tongue.
meaning not un-forgettable.
i had a pizza at pizza john in essex, baltimore and it was very good.
dripping cheese and each bite wanted another one
another time, at whole food, silver spring, md, they had similar pizza as tomato cafe. 
so to me, pizza at couch tomato cafe is not something that will make me want to go back.
that is jst me.
however, i can see why people will go jst for salad.
they were good (fresh and innovative with different ingredients)I decided to go back here and was greeted by a very nice young lady who told me about a pizza that had a combination of chicken and turkey so I ordered that and it was so good I ordered another one Ive never had this combination before and it works wellThis place has a very unique menu. My husband and I went on a rainy day for a quick note and were pleasantly surprised with the atmosphere and kindness of servers. We are new to the area and definitely will keep this place on our list for good neighborhood good. Apps are great and so is the pizza. Right in the heart of Manayunk.The couch tomato is such a great place. 
After moving to Manayunk from West Chester, 
I was glad to find such a tasty easy cafe. 
They have a bistro upstairs or a eat in/dine out area.
Their soups are my absolute favorite! I love their crab bisque.. it's to die for.
The sodas with natural cane sugars are also great I highly recommend the ginger zinger!
BUT, their pizza is the best part. They have so many options and their crust is made to perfection..
Please don't get me started on their salads.. they are also very delicious. 
I always struggle deciding on my order at the couch tomato..
Even though I go there almost once a week, I still struggle! hahaTried their new special tonight. First Monday of every month they offer dinner for 2 to 4 people for $30.00 with two different choices. We ordered the chicken fajitas and tomato/basil soup. Ordered Sunday evening for pick up 6:30 PM Mon. Eve. They were ready and brought it out to the curb. What a great meal. First there was more than enough for 4 people and it was delicious. Their tomato soup has long been one of my favs and it did not disappoint. Chicken fajitas were incredible. My husband and I thoroughly enjoyed all of it. Fajitas had all the trimmings and fresh bread to boot. Everything was hot, no reheating required. What a great meal and my husband couldn't stop his praise. After a day of babysitting, a great way to have a great meal and quite inexpensive. We have plenty for a complete second meal. It comes to about $7.00 per meal per person. No beating that. Long one of my favorite spots. Only complaint with Couch Tomato is I cannot get there as often as I would like. Thanks for the bargain and the delicious meal. You people rock it out of the park always.This is my tried-and-true go-to in Manayunk. The gluten free crust is amazing! When we do delivery from the cafe, I get the house veggie special with GF crust. It's divine. And when at the bistro, I get the pistachio pesto pizza with their delicious chicken and GF crust.5-stars for customer service and adpoting customer feedback.
I wrote a review a few months back about The Couch Tomato Café and have gone maybe six times since.  Just last week I received an e-mail from the owners stating that they appreciated my honest review and have taken it into consideration with the pricing of their pies (I gave CTC a 4-star originally because I felt that they weren't overpriced, just pricey for a pizza).  If you've seen the new menu, you'll the prices are more competitive.
Like I said before, go to The Couch Tomato Café and try ANYTHING on the menu (although, I recommend the Tandoori Pizza).I was there last weekend to check out the new space upstairs and had a great experience.  The staff was attentive and the owner, Craig, even came to my table and checked in. The pizza and salad were as good as they have always been, and the new small plate menu does well in offering an expanded variety for sit down dinner guest. The beer selections are diverse and tasty and waiting at the bar and quaffing a Mother's Milk Stout, is not a bad way to wait for take out. Overall,  I was very pleased with the food and service and if you go, try the crispy artichokes, they are special.Good pizza and a lot of options. If you get it delivered it takes about 45min to an hour no matter the time of day.I wish these people would stop saying the couch tomato has good pizza. They even won an award for it which blows my mind! The pizza is nothing to rave about. In fact, I was bamboozled twice into getting it and I thought it was very meh. But hey, I'm from Jersey so I'm a major pizza snob. 
So, why 4 stars? Because, the wraps are AWESOME! They are huge with fresh ingredients all created in ways that you won't find at another place. I may be addicted to the wraps. 
Oh tip---if you order take-out it will probably take an hour. I usually order on my drive home, buy wine and still beat him.The Couch Tomato has shown that they really care about what it's patrons think about the restaurant and that is something that I really appreciate.  You won't find any better pizza in the area.The Couch Tomato is great! 
Service is quick and quality. Great sandwiches with fresh ingredients. You can't go wrong on the menu! I will definitely be back!The Where's Waldorf salad is amazing and the reason for this five star review. I've had the pizza, it's pretty good. The location is extremely clean & bright, parking, however, can be a nightmare. Oh, but for the love of that delicious salad!!!!! It is so worth driving up and down Main Street anxiously looking for a space. If you love salad, you will wonder how you've existed so long without having had the awesomeness that is Couch Tomato's Where's Waldorf salad and or wrap. Ps. I add chicken to mine. Thank me later!!I don't have much to complain about from here. Their pizzas, wraps and salads are good... But tonight I ordered two wraps for delivery and they messed up my order and dropped off the wrong wrap, no big deal right? I called, argued briefly with some girl who basically said I was wrong and got what I ordered, then put me on with the manager who also basically said the same thing but quickly said they would send out what I wanted. The driver showed up with my correct order, I showed him my emailed order confirmation to prove I was right but he said that he was told that he needed to "collect the old wrap" (exactly what was written on his receipt) first. So I had to go into my trash can and get out the wrap that they gave me and give it back... like what?! To be honest, normally I would've eaten that wrap after I got it even if it was the wrong one but it sucked (the Greco, don't get it) so I trashed it after one bite. I've never heard of a food business doing that though, I kind of wished I had eaten it just so I could argue about returning it. Anyway, after the driver and I exchanged our wraps as if we were engaged in some kind of weird drug deal, he said the manager also wanted me to call and provide further proof that there was an internet ordering problem that caused the screw up, so i did, and more polite I could not have been. But all this for a wrap? For shame couch tomato. I'm gonna need some time before ordering here again.For my wife and I we are fans. I have noted some inconsistent pizza's as others have mentioned but nothing so awful that I would say they are bad. I have tried multiple pizza places in manayunk and I say they are about the same inconsistency. I did take two stars off because they have to improve in delivery and maybe lower the cost of the pizza.They seem to be incapable to deliver a pizza in the winter in some parts of Manayunk. As for salads I think they do a perfect job, but again i think they can low price by .50 - 1 for most items. I do get the extra cost it seems to be a trendy place so you pay extra for that and happier and nicer staff.Great pizza, great service, fresh, high quality ingredients. They're at the top of my list right now because any pizza can be made gluten free and the crust is made on-site. Many pizza places only offer one size or one or two choices in gluten free, if they have gluten free crust at all.The Couch Tomato is a great gourmet pizza shoppe, but they can be a little stingy with the toppings.  The vegan cheese and wheat crust options are refreshing considering it's a pizza place in Manayunk.  They have artisan breads and salads as well, so if you are someone who wants pizza, but wants something a little better than a big stop-sign sized pile of grease, this is a great place to go.  The vegan calzone would be considered delicious to vegans and omnivores alike.  Also, they have those little pizza tables in the box which I think is just the cutest.MARGHERITA........GF Pizza - YUMMY! The upstairs pizza dough seems different from the downstairs. Upstairs more stretchy, yeasty and like the pizza I have missed for years being gluten free!
Downstairs pizza dough seemed more crispy. So, you can suit yourself. I know I'll be back every time I'm in Philly for my fix!!After reading about this place and hearing everyone rave about it, I expected much more.  We ordered take out and got the "Mediterranean" platter, a small prosciutto pizza and two soups.  First off, it was way too expensive for what we received.  The Mediterranean platter consisted of a few familiar items (olives, feta, falafel, tzatziki).  It was the most unappetizing "Mediterranean platter" I've ever had.  The soups we ordered were minestrone and tomato crab.  The minestrone was bland and the tomato crab barely had any crab in it. The pizza wasn't even okay, just eh.  We were so disappointed that we most likely won't order from here again.I am going to sound like a suck-up - but Couch Tomato is one of the best, if not THE best cafe outside of the city. C.T. is right off of Main St in Manayunk and specializes in specialty pizzas, wraps, and salads. The atmosphere inside is neat with stools, a bright red couch and tables. Add in some track lighting and you've got 'neat'.  
Usually when I goto a place like this I like to try their vegetarian entres because they are usually the most creative ones - not at CT. On my first visit with a friend from college we indulged on a Paco's Taco Pie. This pizza had meat, sour cream, tortilla chips, and some great cheeses. The 2nd time I visited with my parents we all went the salad route (which I recommend now) and got the 'Strawberry Fields Forever' salad which had greens, strawberries (duh), almonds, and coconut shavings. 
I know a lot of yelpers aren't the biggest Manayunk fans (not that I can blame them), but if you are outside the city swing a turn on that exit 338 and try Couch Tomato - you'll say, "Thanks Matt H."We has mother's day brunch. Delightful, warm and attentive service. ROSES for each mother!! And, as a family of celiacs, we are always so happy with our food. I had the GF Margherita pizza ( so good, my non- celiac husband steals half). There was also a great quinoa salad and a shrimp and spinach salad And a delicious, special order egg dish for mom-in- law.  Delicious and a great price range.Pretty good food but awful service. I placed an order, and was told to arrive in twenty minutes. When I did so, they told me there was some kind of issue and that it would be another thirty minutes. The staff wasn't apologetic at all and didn't even acknowledge the inconvenience. I wouldn't go again.the salads are pretty tasty. i'm a huge fan of the poppyseed dressing. They also had a pizza for a while that was called the clams casino. that thing was amazing. the pizza are huge...thin but huge and for the most part tasty. my biggest problem with them is the delivery. your typical evening its 1-1/2hrs for delivery and when they get there the pizza is usually cold and stiff. i no longer do the delivery because it does nothing but ruin your meal. salads on the other hand are fine of course. the pizza also doesn't hold up the next day which is a big drawback in my book. i love cold pizza and it literally becomes wood once its cold. boooo...I have lived in the area for 4+ years and its honestly the best place in Manayunk for some great , fresh food with great price points. 
I have consistently loved the Holy Chipotle salad and I highly recommend to anyone who loves a good mexi cali theme salad with avocado! I always add corn to the salad too ! 
Upstairs at the bistro they even let me create my own flatbread!  Pesto with shrimp flatbread , seriously my favorite!would eat lunch and dinner here all the time if i could!
http://www.thecouchtomato.comThis place has amazing wraps, pizza, salads, YUM. Make your own or pick from the menu, can't lose. Chips are home made and to die for and I would drink the balsamic vinaigrette if I could. My only qualm is that it's SO expensive. $25 for two wraps and chips! Yeesh. But worth it..Couch Tomato is a bit more expensive than some other options but the quality and serving sizes make it well worth it. Great for pickup, sit down, or delivery. Staff is friendly and atmosphere is good! Definitely a staple of main street!I am not a fan of pizza....so want make me happy with pizza ...lol maybe not easy . Place is very convenient for peoples live in there and very crowed ...a lot student around there with so noise from car and motorcycle....
    So very hard find parking...that is stink . Of course we went to place for pizza and we should Oder pizza . Ok , we had salad ...that was real good , I love it then we order  chicken pizza ....I never try chicken on pizza , so just want how is it ? 
     Chicken pizza was not real good . Cheese not chew and chicken too dry ...I can not finish small pizza on my plate . ...
       I will let them a change next time when I come backSo the wife and I were driving home from The Jersey Shore and decided to find a Philly place to eat that wasn't Pat's OR Gino's, and the wife wasn't able to check reviews as fast as I was driving, so we made it out of Philly and found this place that had a jillion reviews mostly all great, so said, yeah - let's get off here and go try this out. Glad we did wow wow wow WOW. I lived in New York, been to Italy, North Beach in San Fran - and this might be one of the best pizza crusts I've ever tried ever. 
I don't do pork - not my scene. So when perusing the menu was fascinated to see several of the pizzas had turkey bacon on them. The first one we ordered - the loaded baked potato, was out of this world. Had sliced thick potatoes on it, the aforementioned turkey bacon, cheddar, sour cream. So darn good. That crust was so buttery, thin, and crisp. And the bacon was so crisp and perfectly cooked. The sour cream was hot - yet awesome. Amazing pie. 
The other one we got was the South Philly - had some sort of spicy ketchup on it not sure what it was, mentioned on the menu. But it was so damned good it was amazing. I wanted to order it and eat it by the spoonful. then the philly meat was moist and flavorful, on a white crust. Amazing, and like the other pie the crust was crisp and PERFECT. 
We also had the hummus before hand, really good hummus. Had some sort of flavor I couldn't place. something ever so slightly spicy in a good way. Nice crisp cool vegetables and good pita with it. 
Only thing I'd say was iffy was the service because they thought we were a to go order but we were staying in to eat. They were so darned friendly, and once they figured out the snafoo, they were all over us. 
If you're within 50 miles - make the trip. You'll be happy you did.Fresh tasting food! Feels healthy. Great little spot in Manyunk to dine in, pick up, or have delivered. Have had a few of their pizzas and liked every one!2 sandwiches...1 hour...why? Free coupon doesn't make up for the lost time on a Saturday..I've yet to visit the Bistro at The Couch Tomato, but I've frequented the Cafe a few times since moving to Manayunk about a month ago. The To-Go menu is fast, affordable, and delicious. I'd highly recommend the pizzas. There's plenty of selection for toppings, so I can always find something that suits my cravings. I also love the crab soup! Will be back for sure!Hearing that they're expanding is great!  I recently went to a party that was catered with their food -the taco salad and whatever one that had pineapple in it was pretty tasty too.Froufrou pizza that's ridiculously expensive, has no crunch and is weighed down with toppings. Unless you're in the mood for a bacon cheeseburger pizza, I'd try Riverside down the street instead. 
With that said, the salads and soups are AMAZING. Each salad is freshly made to order (takes a lot of time), and comes with tons of toppings. Their caesar is delicious, and has large shavings of aged parmesan. The home made dressings are addictive. 
Tips: Get your dressing on the side, they just slop it on top and don't mix it in. Call ahead if possible - recently they've improved this service and offer a separate line for picking up orders. It'll save you a good 20-30 minutes during the lunch traffic. Avoid the delicious warm triangles of wheat bread - I swear they must have 500+ calories. 
They are cleaning up a lot behind their restaurant to make a new parking lot.I am not an employee writing a review.  I have been going to Couch Tomato since it opened a few years ago.  Food is consistent and always fresh. Soup  and Pizzas are always great too!  I love this place...
Only thing I can say to improve is....delivery...sometimes it takes a long time!
PS-When are you opening your upstairs?I love this place. They have a lot of different take on the typical pizza and salad options around town. The staff is friendly, and the decor is bright and cheerful. 
My favorite pizza is the buffalo chicken. It is so tasty. I also love the "food pyramid" salad which has spinach, pecans, strawberries, cucumbers, and mozzarella. 
Parking is sometimes a hassle if you go too late in the day, but you should be fine around lunch time. You could also just have the pizza delivered so that you do not have to worry about the parking.I left a 4 star review last time, but felt I had to update it to a 5 star review. After posting my last review knew of the owners contacted me asking how he could get that 5th star and I told him that a commitment to organic food would do it for me. From the organic crust to the antibiotic free meat along with plenty other vegan and vegetarian options, you have to give props to a restaurant that not only makes great food, but has committed to doing as much organic food as possible. 
Plus they still have the best buffet in town.I was in Philly for the Step Into Greatness Tour featuring Eric Thomas and a group of friends and I went there for dinner. Two of us ordered the sliders and the rest has brick oven pizza. Everyone enjoyed their meal and the food was delicious! I love how they use organic and they gave choices as to gluten-free, whole wheat or white crust for the pizza. The staff was friendly. Since there were 6 of us it seemed long of a wait but I guess it was because we were hungry; but it was worth the wait. They have a simple menu, easy to read with good food choices. I would definitely go visit again if I'm ever in the area. Great experience!I love coming in to grab something quick that also feels like I'm eating healthy and will be full. When I order for delivery on my way home from work, they always meet me at the time I tell them I'll be home-- it doesn't get much better than hot pizza and a fresh salad waiting at your door. Can't recommend enough the seasonal salads with all the awesome ingredients.Wonderful salads,  sandwiches & pizza! Two thumbs up & a round of applause!  Yummy!By far the most amazing food! I ordered delivery from here 2 days in a row and I don't regret it one bit. Delivery is awesome and the food is consistently delicious! The Pear-fection salad is my favorite. If you haven't eaten here you should surely get on it!This is where fratjocks (and the girls that love them) eat when their intestines get clogged up with wings and jalapeno poppers. Pretty much the only place to get cheap, quick, healthy food in Manayunk.  They've got a ton of different wraps and salads and pizza.  It's all pretty good; nothing is going to blow you away, but it's all fresh tasting.  Philly needs more places like this, with affordable healthy food.This is a review of their catering side: I order couch tomato after missing them when I moved into center city. The catering staff that took my order was very nice and helpful. Food came earlier than expected esp with bad weather. Sandwiches were individually wrapped and labeled which I personally love. I would have given them 4 stars but I was a little taken aback by the containers. Usually the catering tray is OK enough that I can leave it out. This time I had to replate, the hot sandwiches arrived in a pizza box, salad was on the lid portion of a circular sandwich container instead of a bowl, bread came in a to go box. Once replated everything looked great and tasted yummy.Whether you crave a slice of pizza or delicious salad, Couch Tomato has an amazing array of menu items to suit your taste.  Being gluten-free, I love their salads.  Grape Expectations is my favorite because their chicken salad is AWESOME.  They make homemade soups that are available daily...check the website for the offerings.  Pizza smells delicious and I hear it's quite good.  Overall - great place for take out or a lunch outside if it's summertime.  Looking forward to an expanded dining room so you can eat-in easily.Good pizza if you're already in Manayunk, but I don't think I'll be leaving Center City for Couch Tomato.  Rustica and NYPD Pizza are just more convenient.My whole family LOVES this restaurant. My daughter has a medical condition and her body can't breakdown fat so she is on a limited fat intake. We decided to try the Calorie Cruncher Pizza for her and my husband and I ordered something else. We tried her pizza and it was SO good! It was so fresh and simple and delicious. Now that is all we get (along with the tomato soup which is really good as well!).I would consider myself a pizza snob. Since moving to the manayunk/roxbourough area I had difficulty finding pizza that I truly loved, until I found the Couch tomato. It has everything you want in a good pizza; a Chewy crust, perfectly melted (and fresh) mozzarella, and a sweet sauce. It's now my go to pizza place!I recently ventured back to Couch Tomato while passing through - and it was as good as I remembered. Although the menu has changed since i moved out of Manayunk to Center City (please bring back The Aussie)- everything is just as good as I remembered.
Although slightly overpriced - i think every penny is worth it. The ingredients are fresh, the dressings are delicious, and the pizzas are the best you can get in Manayunk.
We ordered the What About Cobb salad and an Italian Pizza with Riccotta and Sausage.  My only complaint? That they haven't opened up a Center City location!!I used to stop by Couch Tomato occasionally for slices of pizza that ranged from average to good since it was a convenient option.  But after my last visit there I don't think I'll be going back.  The pizzas that were out for slices were overrun with flies buzzing and crawling all over them.  And we all know what a fly does when it lands...  Sadly, the same was also true for the salad case, not to mention the workers assembling the salads with their hands.  No thanks.  I've also tried the soups here, but they are generally pretty lame, but I am admittedly a bit of a soup snob.  I guess you have a better chance of not getting unwanted fly "topping" by ordering fresh whole pizzas, but they are really overpriced and not really worth it.  In short, I'm done with the C.T.C.Great food, great service and kid friendly!! They even have a great kids menu. My husband and I shared the cheese board which was great and pizza it was fabulous!!!