My favorite happy hour spot. Discovered how amazing all the appetizers are back in summer 2011 center city sips (great time to check out all the different center city happy hour spots). The mac & cheese is great!
They have a great selection of beers on tap and bottles. The food is superb! If you're looking for a private party space, they have a cozy basement space with a personal bar. Only thing is occasionally you'll have some crashers who want to use the ATM and restroom (even though there is one on the second floor and 2 on the 3rd)
Just go! You won't be disappointedWent here the other day with some friends for a bite and a drink. Service was great as where the drinks ;) Will definitely be back!I held my husband's surprise birthday party for about 35 people in the basement bar at Black Sheep. I couldn't have asked for a better experience. From the first call I placed to inquire about hosting the party and spoke with James, the owner, to the night of the party where Adam, our bartender, made sure all went smoothly, everyone I dealt with was fantastic. Overall, a great experience.Hello James, 
I'll stop to eat next trip to Philadelphia - you make it sound welcoming!  Thanks for responding.3 bars on 3 different levels means there's always place to spread out. Different bars on tap and usually friendly waitstaff. The perfect neighborhood bar.
Grab a beer here while you wait for your table at Monk's!Place is great.. food was good and wings are killer. It does get very crowded later in the evening..Black Sheep is a cool place if you like dark bars.  (Which you know I do!)  I have had dinner here and it's good for basics (burgers/chicken fingers.)  It can get pretty crowded since it's not huge, but try the downstairs bar if the main room is packed.This is a small, cozy bar, with, I think, three floors.  I've been here four times, and each time has been a good experience.  The mac n' cheese is amazing.  It's very close to going on that list of foods that I'd want at my last meal.  I had the bangers n' mash the last time I was there, and was extremely happy with them.  The pork sausages were perfectly cooked, and packed with deliciousness.
Service is good, and the only reason I dinged them a star is that their beer selection is really, really small.  They're not putting on airs about being a world class beer bar, but frankly, they're just lacking in this department.  They've got Guinness, and a couple other good beers, but six or seven beers doesn't really cut it, anymore.  Bump up the draught beer list, or get a decent bottle selection, and then I'll bump you guys back up to four stars.Went here last night for the first time.  Service was crazy slow, and to quote-up Zanna "it took a year and a day to get" our food.  I guess we were supposed to "understand" that our server was also the bartender and we were suppose to "know" that because of this service was going to be devastating slow.  But seriously, are you serious?  
Anyways, the server finally came over and she was like, frazzled and all and asked for us to give our order.  We said 'em, she didn't write 'em down, 20 (!!!) minutes later another server came to ask what we had ordered just to "go over our order again."  Is my review just like Zanna's?  Sorry.   
Anyways, food FINALLY CAME OUT.  I was famished.  I was stoked to see that Fish and Chips was a very nice plate of fish and chips.  The fish was a massive fillet that was nice and crisp but not too flavorful (yay for malt vinegar) and the chips were very well seasoned.  Great for $11.  The BF got gazpacho and it was nice and flavorful as well.  I don't like gazpach that much, but his was yummy.  I don't like cold soups.  Ew. 
Anyways, I might be back to explore the other floors.  SERVICE was horrible.  We left her a "You've Been Yelped" card.Despite a recent renovation, the Black Sheep is dingy and dirty and the sloppiest, most unattractive hostess (that is until I saw our waitress) sat us at our table upstairs. Although it was 10 pm on a Wednesday night, she was hesitant about sitting a party of two at a large table. Perhaps she was expecting a sudden stream of late night diners. The waitress was as sloppy and disheveled as the hostess. No makeup, no hairstyle and clothes that looked as though she found them on the street. I ordered something from the menu that did not have goat cheese listed as one of its ingredients, but she argued with me that the menu did have it listed. I showed her the menu and corrected her. She was rude and had a nasty attitude. I guess I would too if I looked like her. It was $30 for a burger, a salad and two Diet Cokes.The staff is arrogant, the place is filthy and the food is perfect for those who don't care about their health or appearance and like to stuff their faces with a bunch of high fat, high cholesterol, high calorie greasy food. No thanks.Honestly for an out of towner looking for a good pub - this is just that. A pub with nice beer and greasy food at decent prices. In the middle of a Saturday afternoon the bar area was 3/4 full or more and lively enough without being packed. Service was attentive, folks were friendly - if you can say that in Philly. I had a couple different beers Yards Pale Ale and Newcastle Summer Blonde Ale then because I ran a 5K earlier in the day in Brooklyn - I felt like some greasy bar food. I had the Cheesesteak Spring Rolls and the Garlic Fries. I my guilty pleasure is Garlic Fries. The fries were a bit different but had plenty of garlic and I must admit - I really liked them. The Spring Rolls were OK - I actually had some better in Manhattan, but no complaints. I didn't eat all of either needless to say, but exactly what I was looking for at 4pm in the afternoon.Really great neighborhood place! Food and drinks are better than expected. It's a laid back place to relax with great and friendly service.My favorite pub in center city. They play awesome music here and the table service is good. The pub food tends to be a little more upscale that most of the others around Philly, but it's pretty damn good food so its worth it. The fries are amazing and are the perfect accompaniment to late night drinking.The drink menu is nothing special, but the filet mignon sliders with fries are delicious. Service is frequent and warm. The atmosphere wasn't my thing, but it was (loudly) buzzing with conversation the whole time, so at least there's a crowd.
I'd probably go here again for a late night snack, but otherwise I'll stay away. There's a $15 minimum to use a card.Warm and cozy.. Blazing fireplace.  Great New Year's Day stop for football and an eclectic crowd.  Old to young.  Straight to gay.  Jeans to topcoats.  Cheap drinks.  Nice microbrews.  What you'd expect from an Irish Pub.  Check out cool bar in basement.  Sexy spot for late night shenanigans. Xoxo.I really liked the layout of this place.  It was kind of like a maze of floors, which was rather neat.  
My experience here was not the best - my main complaint was with the service which was exceedingly slow.  The food was just average & kinda bland, although I have to say the portions were pretty generous.  The price was nothing to complain about at all, but all the same I have little interest in making a repeat visit.Well the food was average bar food, only problem was it took a year & a day to get it. The bartender was also the waitress and she was just too overwhelmed for a full house and a large group. Not a good sign when someone is sent over 20 minutes after the order was initially taken to re-ask what was ordered.
The upstairs decor was cozy & well lit. 
All in all I was not impressed and will probably not wander back.Went  there on Thursday Afternoon about 4PM for a couple drinks...not a huge tap selection, maybe 8, but they use their taps well.  They had a nice selection of newly released Christmas seasonals, I had the Troegs Mad Elf, Anchor Christmas Ale and Sierra Nevada Celebration Ale...a nice way to start off December.  I ordered the Lamb Tacos and they were spectacular and very tasty.  The crowd seemed to be a bunch of regulars and the bar tenders seemed to be very familiar with them, but not to the point where I felt left out...I'd definitely go back, may not be an ideal place for a date, but a terrific place to grab a quick bite and a couple of beers when wandering around center city philadephia.This place gets 5 stars for the macaroni and cheese, 1 star for the fact that our bartender kept leaving the bar for extended periods of time so we couldn't order anything.  Someone actually had to go find an employee to have them send her back up.  This may be the best mac and cheese I've ever had at a restaurant.  And don't be fooled by it being listed as an appetizer, it's big enough for a meal.  Go eat it!  Now!Great food and atmosphere.  The Ruben spring rolls are excellent. Service was very good. Strongly  recommend this as a food stop for night of enjoying irish bars.I'd give the Black Sheep another try. But next time, I'd do it in a group of less than 25 people. We came on a Thursday night, expecting to immediately take over the downstairs section at around 5:30PM. But come to find out, it did not open up until at least 7PM, even later depending on when the bartender got in and got set up.
Our server was as kind as she could be with a whole mess of rowdy professionals on their third beer, wanting to escape her section for the freedom and convenience of the downstairs bar.
Aside from the crowded conditions, and the sometimes surly service, the Black Sheep has plenty to offer from great beers on tap to pub food abounding to entrees straight out of Ireland. I'd been here for dinner before and had a relatively good experience then, so I'm not denying that you can have a great night at the Black Sheep. Just don't show up with 25 of your closest friends at happy hour and expect to find seats. It ain't happening.Decent spot for beers and food. The burger is underwhelming, but some of their British fare will satiate you just fine.
This place certainly won't knock your proverbial socks off, though it is a locale to see and be seen.Solid pub right outside of rittenhouse square. Been once before for drinks but this time came back to test out the food. Ordered the app sampler and filet sliders. Definitely hit the spot. Great flavor on the wings. Quesadilla was really tasty. Wasn't a big fan of the cheesesteak rolls. We also ordered the Mac and cheese. It was delicious - super cheesy and melt in your mouth good. Eat it!I wanted to like the food here. We ordered fish and chips and lamb stew. Let's just say I won't be recommending it. Go there for a pint or two on the main floor but the second floor dining room was a bit of a mess and drafty too.Came here for birthday party down in the basement. Place is nice but very small. Gets packed quickly! Parking sucks. The basement is sweet tho. Feels like your hanging out at your friends basement in high school. The location is their key to their sucess but still your basic pub. The crab cake balls are good because they are lightly battered so it tasted like you  we're in Maryland.I always like the chill ambiance of this pub. It's nestled off on a quieter part of 17th street and you could actually miss the sign if you aren't paying attention. 
I ordered a dirty martini and the seared tuna salad with shaved celery and beets on Bibb lettuce and my friends had the black sheep burger with Gouda and a portabella mushroom... Both were very tasty. In fact my friend said that it was the best burger in the city!Great for Manchester United games! Heard that the local support group for ManU gathered here for the games so we decided we'd check it out. First, it was awesome that they opened up early for the game! I mean who doesn't love brunch and a beer. As we walked in we easily grabbed a table with a great view of the biggest tv. Bartender greeted us with food and drink menus immediately and shortly after that, so did the head of the ManU support group. I ordered the grilled pork roll egg and cheese sandwich and loved every last bite of it!! There weren't really any drink specials for the day so the beer was a bit more than expected, but I've read they do offer great specials during the week. There was an upstairs and a downstairs, that sadly enough, I did not have the experience to check out so I will need to go back again! Definitely a great dive-y bar and especially great for the ManU games. If you are a ManU fan or a soccer fan in general, you must check out Black Sheep Pub during a match!I like Black Sheep. Unfortunately I have negative associations due to hitting the absinthe at Parc a little too hard one night before going and then spent a considerable amount of time in the bathroom. But that is neither here nor there.
Good bar food (the cheeseburger especially sticks out in my mind) and a good beer selection, with a friendly unpretentious clientele, makes this a spot I wish I got to more often. And I hear they have Quizzo? Yes please.My husband and I eat at the Black Sheep about six times a year.  Most times the food is  good and I love the atmosphere.  However, the last time we and two guests ate here for brunch on 8/14/16, three of the four of us felt that the food was so salty that we couldn't taste or enjoy it.  Maybe it was just an off day, but I think I exceeded my RDA of sodium for the week in this one brunch!My favorite weeknight Philly haunt!!! 
Where to start... I've had makeout sessions here, jumped out the window, nearly killed myself going down the steps to the wc, danced to the jukebox, fallen asleep in the back and of course... drunk and merry.
It's a typical Philly row-home-turned-irish-style-pub. There's a great fireplace in the back I've never seen lit, and around it are huge, heavy wooden bench seating around 4 massive tables. It's good for a big group. Smaller tables up front and more seating upstairs for proper dining. 
In the front part of the bar are two side windowledges which are perfect to perch on. Forewarning, ledge is about 7 feet from the ground, so if you jump out of them, don't do it in high heels. 
Good beer list though it seems to lack local brews. I'm not much of a beer drinker so it doesn't matter. They carry Pimm's!! The bartenders are fun. (Ask for Eileen by singing or screaming "COME ON EILEEN!!!" She loves that.)
Try the filet and goat cheese sliders. So delicious!!! Food here is much nicer than typical bar fare. The mac and cheese is freshly baked with a good sharp cheddar, there's goat cheese on more than just the sliders, the lamb shank looked delicious though I haven't had it. 
I wish they had outdoor seating. It was such a beautiful spring night the other night which is how i discovered prime window-ledge seating.Great place for drinks (I've never had food here). It's a nice and quaint place that's perfect for drinks with a small group. There is plenty of table space, great beers on tap, and wonderful service. It's a dark and quiet ambiance...perfect for conversation.A group of Yelpers and I were all appalled at the level of service we received at this establishment. From the start this hovel of mediocrity fell on its face by not seating us at all; the hostess was not even at the door. We seated ourselves. Once we were in, the bar-tending waitress, who seemed to be running the show upstairs, took our drink orders, all the while giving off the aura of disdain and employment-regret that could sear hair off.
We had to wait around for over 30 min for someone to take our actual orders and after I took it upon myself to express to the waitress that were getting antsy. The forceful OK and stare I got back did tick me off but I decided I wouldn't make a huge deal of it. I gave her a well-timed "Alright, [pause] Thank You" until she broke eye contact and went back to our table. Not a pleasant experience. Even after all of this, someone was sent to "confirm" our orders 10 min later.
When we finally received the food it didn't impress me terribly. The Fish and Chips plate was plentiful but the fish itself was somewhat greasy and bland. However, the Humus platter was huge and pretty darn tasty (but nothing that can't be found elsewhere). Decent prices though.
The dcor of this place was as mediocre as was everything else about it. Wooden booths and low lighting define this place, as well as ever other pub everywhere else; the only distinction being the occasional framed picture of a sheep.
(I must admit I did not get to see much of the lower floor and dined upstairs)
The upstairs had large windows that may open to take in some night air - but they were closed when we were there. 
My advice, if you're in the neighborhood go to Monk's just around the corner. Price point may differ but hell, so does quality!food is meh. beer selection is average. like everyone says have a beer while you wait at monks
ps the bathroom has weird mc escher steps to nowhereI think the Black Sheep is my favorite in the city. They have yummy food (especially the fries), the first floor is lovely and bright when it's nice weather because of the big windows, and there are 3 floors so usually you can find a spot somewhere to have a drink.I have stopped by a few times since moving into Rittenhouse Square looking for a friendly pub. In my first two visits during the Spring, the bartenders were nice, friendly and welcoming. This past Fall and Winter, the staff made me feel like an imposition. They were more content sitting/standing on the side of the bar talking about their days and nights and, dare I mention, making fun of customers rather than acknowledging paying attention to the bar of customers. One gentlemen had to ask numerous times to pay his tab (it was not busy). This was my last try at The Black Sheep and will stay with Twenty Manning Grill.I lived around the corner from Black Sheep for two+ years, and I wanted to like it.  Everytime I went, I wanted to like it.  But everytime I left...yeah, not so much.  Part of the problem is the plethora of better bars nearby, most notably Good Dog, Monk's, Tangier, and, of course, McGlinchey's.  Another issue: hostess seating in the main room at all times - why?  It's a bar, just let people come in, get a beer, and sit where they find a seat.
But the bigger problem is the clientele.  Not exactly a neighborhood (or city) crowd.  For whatever reason this place draws an "older" crowd, and not in a good way.  And when the crowd is younger, it seems as though all of them crossed the Ben Franklin Bridge to get there.
Food: american cheese in the Quesadilla is never, never ok. Let that be your indication.
Long story short: there's better bars.When contemplating a pregame spot for the Yelp 10th bash, I was glad when some good friends invited me to meet at black sheep for a number of reasons.
First it was spending time with good friends instead of drinking alone like an asshole. Second, in order to keep my elite status, I need to review things and in order to review things, I actually have to go somewhere, otherwise I'm reviewing another damn McDonalds. 
Lastly, since I never go out, eating out is a treat I relish and Black Sheep didn't disappoint. I had a happy hour Guinness and 2 of their $5 apps ( wings and cheesesteak spring rolls). Both were out of this world. I'd go so far as to say that the wings rivaled the best I've ever had. 
So mark Black Sheep as a new go to pub in Philly. They had me at $5.Place looks like a speak easy from outside. I went on trivia night, it was fun, didn't try the food.I stopped in here for a couple of beers and a snack after seeing a performance on Broad Street. I wanted to stop in a bar around the corner but it was full as per usual and so I decided to try this place. The bar had an alright selection of beers on tap and the prices weren't bad. 
I got an order of garlic fries too. The order was huuuuge. In truth the fries are more like thick cut chips but they were still pretty darn good and very garlicky. It came with a tasty dipping sauce too. 
I'd probably stop in for a drink another time, despite the fact that the night I was there the bar was overrun by rather obnoxious 20 something girls in large groups all talking loudly and being obnoxious in ways that only white girls of a certain tax bracket can be. But, needless to say, the place wasn't totally overrun with twits.I came here for a Center City Sips happy hour. It has a very cozy sports pub-ish atmosphere. The servers were extremely polite and I thought the service was pretty good.
I like that they have Stella and Hoegarden on tap, and they have a number of affordable bar food options that are big enough to share, like baked mac and cheese (which I thought was delicious) and garlic fries (also good).
Overall, seems like a pretty good place for a casual happy hour and bite - the sips deal was great, but I don't know if I'd come here if the prices were too much higher.This is by far my favorite restaurant in Philly! I love mac n cheese and usually try it out at every restaurant I go to but Black Sheeps mac c cheese is by far the best I've ever had! I've also had their quesadillas, which are really good and their vegtable sandwhich is amazing. They also have a really good beer selection. 
I've never gone here for a night out but I've been here countless times for dinner and once for brunch. It can get a bit crowded but its worth it (and this is coming from someone who hates crowds).one tiny piece of cod - $14 "fish" and chips.  yeah right.I'll be honest.  I'm not a fan of the owner or management.  My husband and I would go here once or twice a week for over a year with a large group of friends.  When we got engaged, we decided to have our reception there.  Menu was planned, meetings were had, and we were getting ready to give them the deposit when the owner decided that we weren't worth it.  I guess a guaranteed 200 people eating wasn't enough for him.
We didn't go back for a long time (over a year) since we sort of felt like we weren't valuable to them after all the money we spent there.
We went back the other night for the first time in a long time.  And I have to say that Eileen won us back.  She was one of the regular waitresses that served us back in the day.  
Eileen remembered that I liked diet soda and she remembered what we always ordered for dinner.  She also remembered that we like extra honey mustard sauce for our fries!  When we arrived she was happy to see us, asked us how we were, and throughout dinner she kept up with what we needed, rarely interrupting conversation.  It was pretty busy that night, and she also kept up with all the other tables that she was serving.
It is rare to get such great service anywhere, especially in Philly at the price point that Black Sheep serves.  But Eileen gave us such great service.  It was personal, professional, and just delightful.  And so, as I said before, Eileen won us back.  I can also pretty much guarantee that if we go in and she's not there, we won't be either.A comfortable atmosphere, excellent menu, food well prepared and reasonable, good service.   My favorite is Taco Tuesday.   Their tacos are the very best.I took a bunch of yelp people here after an Elite Happy hour because I kind of like this place.  We had horrible service, from the hostess not being at the door so we had to fend for ourselves, to having horrible slow service upstairs, to the fucking disgustingly weak mixed drinks.   It's a shame because my previous experiences with this place have been ok and I like the food.  I will probably not go back unless desperate with Fado being only a couple of blocks away.We went there Sunday for lunch.  I would have thought an hour would have been enough time for lunch, but 40min later - still no food.  I ordered the fish n chips, and my wife ordered a bacon cheeseburger.  Her burger was pretty much a hockey puck,  my fish on the other hand was on the "rare" side.  Safe to eat, but could have been better done.  The crust on the fish struck my like the oil could have been changed sooner.  On the up side the waitress was cheery - albeit not quite on top of things, the venue was very pleasant.  I wanted to really like the place but Meh.Yummy Food:   Have eaten here many times.  Had the Fish and Chips, Mac and Cheese and Shepherds Pie.   Can't go wrong.  Bring an appetite!   Wash it all down with their many beers on tap.The Black Sheep is my home away from home.  Rarely can one find a spot that is acceptable to visit morning, noon and night.  
Staff: The staff at BS is legit.... they are witty, smart and accommodating.    
Events: It's a wonderful place to have a function/birthday party.  They offer great specials, and have a basement that can be used for private functions. 
Day time meal:
I highly recommend getting the sheep salad for lunch or dinner some time. Delicioso! 
Sunday Funday: The brunch can't be beat.  It's usually not too crowded and the menu options range from creative to classic.... 
Atmosphere/Ambience: BS is so cozy in the fall, winter and early spring.  The fireplace on the main floor really sets the tone.  I also love all of the little nooks and crannies.Normally I would say that Black Sheep is a fine, low key bar with a good beer list and chill atmosphere.  Like others have said, it houses the spill over from Monks, which isn't a bad thing.
However, after a recent visit, and also in face of the increasing number of gastropubs and good beer bars across the city, I'd have to say pass on this one (unless waiting for Monks).  The apps were sub-par, the guacamole was just gross and when one bathroom was out order, the alternative had a flooded floor complete with no toilet paper and a dead cockroach.Long overdue review.  From the staff, to the drink selection, to the food.  Everything at The Black Sheep is great!  No matter what time of day you are here you are guaranteed to find a lively, and most importantly friendly atmosphere.  Highly recommended.Perhaps I caught this place on an off night, but the service was abysmal and the food was mediocre at best. The really off putting aspect of the experience was being ignored by the server and having to go to the bar for drinks only to be ignored again. Lastly, the tap was down, so there were no drafts. Time for some quality control.The food and beer is all good at Black Sheep, there is no doubt about that. Whenever I'm asked where to find the best mac and cheese in the city I invariably mention Black Sheep in my top three. The Guinness stew is good, although not great but the portion size is ridiculous. The real way to my heart over the years has been the St. Patrick's Day special of corned beef and cabbage. I searched the city for it when I first moved to Philadelphia and Black Sheep has been the only consistent provider of it. Over the years the corned beef has evolved into the current gourmet version which I was disappointed by this past St. Patrick's day but it was still good. Given that they need to cater to the area I wasn't surprised by the change but just a little disappointed. The only downside I have to Black Sheep is the price of beer. The draft list is fine but the prices are a little steep. In my opinion, I shouldn't pay close to $6 for a Smithwick's regardless of the day. Aside from that I would visit Black Sheep anytime. It is a real fix when you're craving comfort food and a nice bar.This was a fine place for some pints of Guinness and some fish and chips. 
We found a table in the back on the ground floor back by the fireplace. The waitress was very attentive, checking back multiple times for drink orders, not just waiting for the whole table to finish their beers. 
I ordered the fish and chips. The fish was one over sized piece that was perfectly prepared. The fries were just crispy enough, not greasy, and generally a great pairing for the fish. 
There was a loud table near ours, so its not the place for a quiet drink if that's what you want. 
Four stars, I'll be back.I come here JUST for the mac and cheese. It's the best I've had in the city. Seriously. I don't know what's in it or how they do it, but it's out of this world. We recently went for brunch and it wasn't on the brunch menu, but the waitress said that was just a mistake and they do serve it for brunch/lunch. Don't hesitate to ask! Anyway, their other food is also good, and they've got plenty to drink, but it's all about that cheesy macaroni for me. They also have a fireplace, which is super cool when it's chilly out. There's lots of seating, if that's something you're worried about. Definitely try this place at least once!I've been here for brunch twice and I love it. The service is awesome and the food is great. Also, how can you beat $4 Bloody Mary's and Mimosas?I stopped by here yesterday afternoon for brunch with a friend. The place is kind of small, but it has a friendly atmosphere. Since it was absolutely freezing, we sat near the fire place. Their brunch cocktails are $5 and are a good size. Taste wise, they were decent. I ordered the pork roll, over easy egg, and cheese on a brioche bun. It was accompanied with fries. The chipotle (?) mayo served with this was absolute delicious. Being from Jersey, this meal was right up my alley. Overall, I had a good experience, and would recommend to someone who was in the area and wanted a quick bite to eat.I almost came here for quizzo a bunch of times, but I'm perpetually late.  It was so crowded by the time I got there--I decided to bail.
I was here this past week for dinner by recommendation from a friend, whom urged me to try their great burger.  
The waitress was awesome.  She seemed to be happy working there, so good.  
We ordered the tomato soup first.  It was an awesome purée, but they should probably mention by word of mouth or on the menu that it is purely half jalapeño purée.  We even inquired about it.  Mouth on fire, and far too much heat for a simple soup(in my opinion).  It could have been amazing, having a nice consistency. 
The bangers and mash looked like a plate of sludge.  Couldn't look at it.
I ordered the burger medium rare; nothing fancy.  Came out gray, rock solid, and greasy.  The meat tasted bad, too.  Really, poor quality.  I asked the waitress for a new one medium rare...at this point I'm starving. 
She politely apologized and took it away.  
About a minute later a RUDE guy with curly,mid length,dirty blonde hair basically tosses some uncooked meat onto the table with a snarl.  This was clearly in edible, and I was afraid he did something to it, for real.  I had to tell the waitress again it was now uncooked... Not just undercooked.  She was extremely apologetic, again.  She offered anything on the menu on the house.  I politely declined.  That guy came out again to give me another dirty look....weirdo.
NEVER again.  
Five stars to our sweet waitress, thank you.Came here for last summer.  The food was good and the drinks were okay.  Went in again for a quick bite, a cuban and fries.  Delicious!I play quizzo (yay Johnny Goodtimes!)  here during summer Wednesday nights and I catch a lot of brunch here on the weekends throughout the year.  The sliders are by far my favorite items.  Keep coming back to check out the food and beer menu as it is seasonal and changes frequently.  This summer, I wish I saw the tomato and mozzarella salad again, but the skirt steak salad was just as good.  I also love the Irish Breakfast.  Reminds me of being back in Ireland.  This is my second favorite neighborhood bar.  Love the bar, sweet location, great service, I heart the Sheep!Great pub!  Good selection of beers.  Nice staff.  The food is always fresh and delicious.  The burgers are wonderful and HUGE.  The garlic fries are giant wedges of potato fried and smothered in chopped garlic and herbs.  So much garlic that they are not for the faint of heart!  They smell so good that others in the bar came by to ask what we had.  
Skip the hummus.  It's not bad, but you can get better elsewhere and they do other things better.  Same for the sambal chicken wings.
But do remember the garlic fries.I had a very fun night here a few weekends back with friends who just needed to get lose, and Black Sheep was the perfect venue!
It's small, so don't think you're going to have a lot of space to cut a rug- but the small staff proved victorious against my party of 80 (I'm not lying!).  The drinks were tasty and strong, and the fries, garlic fries to be exact, were amazing! :)
There was plenty of space for people to sit down at a table or stand near the bar, but considering how crowded it was- the wait wasn't that bad.
I'd definitely go back to throw a few back with friends!Great location, traditional Irish ambiance ,it brought me back to Dublin for a quick second . The menu is quite simple, your basics pub food, nothing out of the ordinary, a much emphasis on the drinks selection.Great place to grab a beer, as they have a great selection.  Happy Hour is also good with discount food and drinks.  Great vibe, and free Wi-FiThis place is a great local spot for drinks. Their food is typical bar food, nothing special. This place is more for the atmosphere of an old Irish bar. It's oddly crowded during the day usually. There are plenty of high top tables to sit at or some other tables if your going to eat. I did have one bad experience here at night where the downstairs bar wouldn't serve us drinks because he wanted to close so we have to go to the upstairs bar and bring them back down. This was pretty early in the night and they were very rude about it. Other than that I still come back to this place for the atmosphere.This place is a block away from my apartment, so I've been there a handful of times, and everything is always mediocre. 
It's a small cozy bar that has a number of draft beers and a decent food menu. Do not get their sweet potato fries! My excitement dwindled fairly quickly when I realized they were so fried up, it was like eating stringy crackers. I prefer sweet potato fries to be plump.
Their calamari is not fresh, salad oversized but nothing special, and chicken tenders flavorless. 
If you are looking for good food and drinks, look elsewhere.What a great little spot! 
We came on the recommendation of a girl from City Sports who did not hesitate in saying Blacksheep when asked where to eat, and were not disappointed. 
Upon our servers recommendation I had a Dirty Hoe (Hoegaarden and Lambic Frambois) which was amazing and everything she said it would be. She even helped us pick out our meals.
I had the sesame seared tuna sandwich which was everything I could have possibly wanted. The fish was perfectly cooked, the pickled slaw added a tangy bite and the roll served it well. I skipped the wasabi mayo since horseradish = death but if that's your thing go for it. I also added a side of the curry fry dipping sauce which I would have bathed in had the container been large enough.
My friend got the Guiness battered cod sandwich and it too was amazing. Light cod, perfectly fried and delectable. 
Service was great our waitress was personable, friendly, full of information, and genuinely seemed happy to be there. She also had a rad phoenix tattoo so you know she's good people ;)
I would go back for sure! It's a shame I don't live closer to do so more often.Went here for sunday breakfast (at noon) and it was cheap and tasty.  Ate by the bar as the upstairs was closed.  $5 Mimosas and there were a bunch of Sunday specials but I just ordered some eggs and toast.  There were a bunch of regulars there talking to the bartender and having a good time and that was nice to see.I love the Happy Hour specials here (M-F starting at 4pm)!!! $5 for great portions and the food comes quick- and it's DELICIOUS which is awesome since I work in the area and usually have a limited amount of time.  I am always impressed by the fast and friendly service.The Black Sheep is one of the locations that Drinkable Arts hosts their painting parties. Long story short, when the class got canceled last minute, my group was still left with a great happy hour opportunity. 
You've probably read that Black Sheep has three floors. The paint party was supposed to be in the basement, so we ended up down there on the couches surrounding a small coffee-table like of table. It was cozy down there, almost like someone's well decorated bar themed basement. We were the only patrons downstairs so it really did seem like were in someone's cozy basement. 
There were various specials for happy hour, but the Tröegs Blizzard of Hops Winter IPA caught my eye. It's normally $6, which isn't bad at all. However it ended up being $1 off for happy hour. Sweet! 
We ordered several appetizers for the table including the mac n cheese, Brussel sprouts and the veggie quesadilla. Based on what everyone said about the mac n cheese, I knew I had to try it even though I didn't want the full appetizer order. And you need to try it too. It is as good as everyone says. It's really creamy and the bread crumbs are a nice touch.
The veggie quesadilla was also good but nothing to really rave about. It was your standard quesadilla except it was full versus flat. It was almost more like a Panini it was so doughy. I think the side of salsa was probably the best part of it. The tomatoes were well-seasoned and plentiful, almost like a side salad. 
The Brussel sprouts were my least favorite. I've had such amazing Brussel sprout dishes but these just fell flat.  They weren't flavored well and almost seemed a little dry. Thank goodness for the bacon- the saving grace of the dish. So much for a healthy vegetable option. Adding a little of the salsa from the quesadilla helped a bit. Overall, I just wasn't impressed. 
So the bill ended up being dirt cheap since some of the appetizers were also happy hour specials. For all three including tax and tip, it came to about $22. We just ate appetizers and beer but I was definitely full. 
So morally of my review, Black Sheep was cozy with good happy hour specials.Was here for a private event and experienced atrocious service, bad enough that I would not go back.
Their website touts their ability to handle large groups for private events... but they were completely unprepared to handle the group. Service was extremely slow, and our server was rude as well. From ordering to receiving food took at least 40 minutes. When one person's food came out (missing an item), we asked the server when we could expect the other food and received a rude and unhelpful response of "It's a small kitchen." No refills were offered on coffee. One food order came out a good 15 minutes before the others. Getting the attention of the server was nearly impossible.
The food itself was adequate--nothing special, but nothing wrong with it. The "maple syrup" described in the menu was pancake syrup rather than actual maple syrup (which is fine... just don't call it maple syrup if it's not!).
We were also charged for an item we didn't order and it was an ordeal to get the attention of the server to get it removed from the bill, and no apology was offered when we pointed out the mistake.
Overall, very unimpressed. They clearly weren't prepared to handle the group and seemed to fell no need to apologize for their lack of preparation.Cheese-steak empandas. Yes, they serve cheese-steak empanadas. WITH smoked Gouda cheese in it. You're looking at me like you don't  understand how frickin' amazing this is.  Maybe you're a vegetarian or rather eat a Care Bear instead. I don't know what you're thing is.  But the menu selection is awesome. And you wouldn't expect it from this "Irish"  pub (hmm, maybe THAT'S why it's called Black Sheep, clever).  I guess the most Irish thing about it is that it has an Yacht-load of different beers.  
This place is like one of those super-flyweight boxers that shop from Baby Gap that you drunkenly watch on TV and then meet in person, talk trash to and they do demolition work on your face. It's unassumingly better and chiller than you expect.  So go get one of their,  hold on... drum roll please..., FILLET MIGNON SLIDERS!!!  (I'm dabbing the drool with my shirt)  What else do I have to do to agree this place rocks? Give you a handshake through your zipper?I've been here many a time for happy hour with work people, and I went for the first time for dinner the other night. Like other posters said the downstairs is a bit dark, but I like it as it reminds me of an authentic Irish or Scottish bar - heavy wooden tables, dim lighting, hard benches and stools, etc.
What I like about this bar is that it's a good middle ground. Not as divey as the Raven Lounge, but not as pretentious as XIX. I also really liked the food. We went on a Friday night around 6 and were the only people there for about 15 minutes. I had a pulled pork sandwich and it had the sweetest, most delectable barbecue sauce I've ever had. Plus it was only $10. 
All in all, if you're looking to do a happy hour with coworkers or have a few drinks with friends, I think this is a solid bet.We stopped in for some drinks with friends and I was pretty impressed with this place.  It has a British pub theme with a nice atmosphere.  We grabbed a table in the window and ordered some beers.  We didn't have any food but I can tell you I almost took a bite out of whatever the girls next to us ordered- it smelled so good. 
We'll definitely be making another trip back to try the food. Great location and great service too.I was interested in going to this restaurant but when I walked in Sunday around 4pm, it was so crowded- I couldn't walk near the bar. I wanted to sit in the upstairs dining area. It was not opened, tried again on  Monday & the upstairs was closed Mondays too. 
I found another restaurant around the corner that had plenty of room & their backroom/upstairs is open every day. 
Unfortunately I probably won't get to the Black Sheep. I'm only in Philadelphia a few times a month. I don't have time to try & guess when they are fully open at The Black Sheep-It looked like a fun place & menu looked good too.The black sheep is my midday hideout bar. Located across the street from the wife's place of business. I find myself, dropping in for a beer or two on a fairly regular basis. In the daytime, you can enjoy your craft brew with a varied assortment of people who work a different shift or should be working at that moment. Their are a pretty good assortment of beers, and Irish whiskeys, and i always find something to my liking. The servers are attentive and not pretentious. I have heard the service and crowd change drastically at night. I was amazed that, an empty bar, could be a over packed bar in less then twenty minutes. this being said, i was there post happy hour on a Friday evening, and it was packed, but the service was still spot on.If you're looking for a place to grab a beer, sit by a fire, and read a Shel Silverstein poem, the Black Sheep Pub is your place.
The ambiance is great - it's not overwhelming loud, but there are plenty of people. It's candlelit, so everybody looks really attractive. But best of all, it's warm, cozy, and the perfect place to canoodle - if you're into canoodling at pubs. 
The crab cake sammie was fine - it tasted like a crab cake sandwich. The fries were crisp, crunchy and clean. 
But what makes my heart giggle is that Black Sheep has Lindeman's Framboise on tap. So it's kind of cloying to drink Lindeman's Framboise by itself, but dear friends, ask for it blended with Guinness. A half-Framboise, half-Guinness emulsion is a treat for the tongue. It's tart, creamy, and smooth. Dessert in a glass.Just celebrated a friend's bday lunch here. There were nine of us in the group and the service was great. We made a reservation without a problem and the server remembered all of our orders, despite all the chaos we carried on with changing drinks, etc. I like the laid-back atmosphere and the huge tables to sit at. They have sports on TV all the time, if that's your thing, or just want a place to grab a pint. There's also added seating upstairs. Our group shared the garlic fries, which come with a tasty zingy dip. You will not want to talk too closely to anyone after eating these, but they're so good! I ordered the fish and chips, which are a bit too expensive for a lunch item ($13!), but I was really craving fried fish. We ordered two of the chocolate-y cake things to share. I would not recommend the chocolate cheesecake thing, unless you like flan, because there's a weird gelatinous surrounding to it; tastes very mass produced. All in all though, fine pub grub.Great pints, great atmosphere, maybe the best lamb lollipops I've ever had. 
check it out.The Black Sheep never disappoints me.  When I first moved to Philadelphia, I tried to eat here and sat at a table forever trying to get service.  I eventually left.  Little did I know that if you sit down stairs, that is not the real restaurant, simply the bar.  Yes, you can get food, but on a busy night you'd be better off going upstairs to the dining room (where there is also another bar and TVs to watch the game).
Upstairs the restaurant area fits in well with one's idea of what an Irish Pub/Inn would feel like.  Wood floors, soft lighting, wooden booths and tables, and small pained glass windows.  There are several large tables upstairs for groups up to (I would guess) 8 people.  There are pictures of sheep, everywhere.  Go figure.
On the subject of food, I'm always satisfied with what I order.  Every day they have a special menu of "additional" entree options.  They are always something interesting dishes (henceforth, not always Irish) for reasonable prices.  Entrees rarely break the $20 mark.  The main menu is also very good.  If I were to go just to get some dinner without wanting anything special, I would get the "Bangers and Mash" or "Guinness Beef Stew" or "Sheppard's Pie" for $10.
The desserts are fine, but nothing spectacular.  They make their own apple crisp, but have the other desserts brought in from a local bakery unlike some other local restaurants.  (See my review of "Royal Tavern".)
I will make and additional comment about their food pricing.  It appears as though the more "fancy" menu items are priced more in line with their inherent value and the more "common" items are more expensive.  Here's what I mean.  The other night there were braised pork medallions with two sides and a lemon grass salad for $14.  A burger costs $10.  It just doesn't make sense.  The burgers are great and come with cheese, caramelized onions, and fries, but the most any restaurant (outside of Barclay Prime) can charge for a burger is $8.75 in my opinion. (To me, a burger is only worth $6.75 and that should include lettuce, tomato and fries.)
My other issue is that the upstairs dining room has THREE TVs.  It is a small space and the glowing images get distracting and tiresome.  The only reason people go upstairs to watch the game is because the downstairs is too crowded.  Typically, there are about four people actually watching and everyone else is trying to look the members of their table in the eye without looking over to watch a Sierra Mist commercial.
Other than that issue, I love going to this place and will return again and again.Black Sheep is a very laid back, unpretentious place to drink downtown.  I love the feel of this place, as it seems like a legit Irish pub.  The food was really good.  I had the Eggs Benedict which were tasty (potatoes were delish!), as was the veggie quesadilla.  My dining partners both had the grilled chicken sandwich which they agreed were great. 
The beer selection could use a little work.  While I was thrilled to see my favorite Hoeegarden on the list, they could use a few more selections.
The only thing I could complain about, and really is no ones fault, is the noise level.  Either I am getting old or kids these days are getting obnoxious! But all in all I will definitely be back.I've only been here a handful of times, but I really like it.  The staff is friendly and amenable to changing the channel to a different or less popular sporting match if you ask them, as Jason F. mentioned.  I've only had the hummus, so I can't comment much on their menu, but I bet it is average to above average.  My friend had some sort of sliders last time we were there and said they were good, but he's pretty much a vacuum, so I'm not sure if that says all that much.  However, the staff makes this a place not-to-be-missed if you find yourself thirsty and on 17th Street.I don't drink, but my wife and I would regularly go to the pub for brunch on weekends.  It's a real hidden gem for brunch, never too crowded.  They have my favorite Eggs Benedict / Florentine in the city; the accompanying potato chunks are always crisped wonderfully.  Downsides are sometimes wait service can be a little slow or non-responsive, I'd generally prefer it if it was open a little earlier for brunch.  But still much better than I was expecting.Nothing embarrassing about this black sheep... Def one of the best casual pubs in Rittenhouse. Great spot for warm beverages-like a hot toddy or Irish coffee-by the roaring fire. Has multiple floors so it's perfect for large groups. Food is good... It features basic pub grub plus with variations, like grilled cheese with short rib and fish-n-chips. Prices are reasonable, service is acceptable (though borders on tortoise slow), and the crowd, lively and ranging in age. Absolutely worth a stop by when in the neighborhood.We were feeling a little banged up from the previous night's festivities and needed some greasy, stick-to-your-ribs breakfast grub. After some heavy cogitation my mind settled upon the B.S. brunch sandwich - seared beef, sausage, bacon, 2 eggs over easy, American cheese, jalapeños, grilled onions, and some kind of spicy mayo concoction on a nice sub roll.
Yes it was messy, but worth displaying much of my breakfast on my shirt for the remainder of the day? Absolutely. Hangover averted.I want to love this place but every time I am here I just have an average experience. There's nothing particularly special about it but they do sometimes have specials and it's rarely ever crowded during happy hour or the weekends. I hear their food is good but I've only ever stopped in for beers. It's clean, conveniently located, and the service isn't bad (but isn't great either). Stop in and give it a try- it might be your thing.Good food good drinks good prices.  If you're looking for a good pub near Rittenhouse Square head over to the Black Sheep.  We liked the chicken with mashed potatoes and the mussels.Nice, kinda divey, cute, local, cozy bar. AND it has an electronic jukebox for $1 per song (with songs old and new). There is also a basement area with darts for small parties! The bartender was really nice! Oooo AND they had a dessert menu, which I didn't have time to try =(good for drinks late at night and that's about it. wait service is fucking terrible. i didn't know that it took some one 30 minute to bring water over. also i didn't know why the appetizer came 15 minutes after our meals. the waitress, was awful. she knew surprisingly nothing about the drink menu, and even surprisingly less about the food menu. when we asked how many pieces of chicken came with the chicken tender basket she said... 
"it comes with chicken"
i said " yes but how many pieces"
she said "a lot"
"so that means about 4 or 5"
"maybe"
ummm what? i wonder if she even worked there sometimes. the food was sub par... they use cheese wiz on their nachos, and too much cheese wiz as that. i had to get up and find my own bottle of ketchup for my friends soggy fries. and i was surprised that after asking what the house dressing was that would come on my side salad and being told that it was a vinaigrette... when in all actuality it was Caesar. 
paying the bill was interesting because we gave her a credit card and she asked if we needed change... and the credit card wasn't in a check book so that probably lets you know how smart she really is. and it took her about 20 minutes to bring the bard back to us and she waited over our shoulders to see how much tip we were leaving. now that's classy.
the only upside is the massive amounts of bathrooms. and the calamari is pretty good. that's about it. maybe they should take their wait staff to burger king and show them what mediocre service is like because that would be a step up for themChill neighborhood vibe. Pub to the umpteenth power. The food smells great, although we didn't eat any. Drinks are big, not watered down. Bartender was okay, not very talkative. We asked for advice on fun spots to go in the area and our bartender gave us directions instead.Was meeting my friends here...glad it was only to meet up and not actually stay.  It isn't that it is a bad place, it's just boring here.  It was quite crowded on Friday after work hours.  I guess it's a good spot for the business crowd.  There was a party upstairs, which added to the crowd.
The lighting here is good, they have a huge window in the front.  It's normal, nothing special.  I've been to better Irish pubs.  I can't say if I even remember anything I did here.  So, the 2 stars is exactly what it says - I've experienced better.They have Boddington's on tap!  Though in my mind I could totally end the review here, I should talk about their food.
Other than the hummus (way too much cumin in my book), everything they have is honestly amazing.  The calamari has never been over done, their fish and chips is SO good, wings, shepards' pie...YUM!
Also, if you need a break from the office, this is a great place to have a drinking lunch.  Quiet, not too many suits, and they have a TV so you watch the Phils or the World Cup while you drink away your stress.So I have lived in the neighborhood of this pub for almost 4 years now.  I am writing this review because it is one of the most consistently enjoyable places in the area to sit and have a beer and to have some quality food at a good price.  
Black Sheep always has a good beer selection and includes seasonal specialties.  Still, you can get yourself a cheap domestic...which seems to be increasingly rare.  The food is always good...they have a great hamburger (get it medium-rare) and chicken sandwich and the fries that go along with them are tasty as well.  
The staff at Black Sheep is always nice and they do a good job of trying to accomodate you and your party if there isn't much seating.  I would say that if this place did have any drawbacks, it would be (1) that the layout doesn't allow it to be a good stand-up-and-drink bar if all the seats are full and (2) that the TV's aren't great for a big sporting event...there just aren't enough of them.
All in all, a great center city pub.  I would have to say that the best time to enjoy the Black Sheep would be on weeknights or early on a Friday or Saturday when you are most likely to be able to find a seat and stay put for a while.Nice place to enjoy a relaxing pint with friends. Particularly on a warm day, when the windows are open.  Decent selection of draft beers and Irish Whiskey. 
Upstairs for dining, and the lower level has darts and golden tee. Decent juke box too.Beer and ambiance, fine. Food, no bueno.  Thinking the tuna guacamole would be like Jose/Sancho Pistola's, I was horrified to find out that Black Sheep's version was basically canned tuna, mayo, and a little bit of avocado. Filet Mignon sliders were hard to chew. The fries that came with it were strangely dense. The wings had a decent flavor but were not crispy enough. I learned my lesson.This bar is standard. The food is standard Irish/American bar food but is a little over priced.
The atmosphere is ok. I like the three levels. The crowd is late 20's. However, the bar smells like feet. I don't know why it smells so bad but others bars have figured out how to rid themselves of stale beer smell. Day or night winter or summer it always stinks.
Staff is nice. Have never had a bad experience.
Go here if someone can't think of anywhere better.To all party planners, I don't recommend booking an event at Black Sheep pub.  After booking the second floor 5 weeks ahead of my event, the bar double-booked the space.  I learned this information 2 weeks before the date of my party, which was too late for me to find another venue for 30 people. They pushed my party downstairs into the cramped space in front of the fireplace until the other event finished.  We were told we would be in this small space for about an hour and then would be allowed upstairs to the second floor.  One hour turned to two hours.  We were finally permitted upstairs two hours after my original booking.  I was told the party before mine was spending more money and planned parties there regularly.  To reduce party planning stress, don't book your party at Black Sheep Pub. If you do decide to book a party at this establishment, I suggest checking your reservation frequently in case you also get double-booked.   
The bar did not apologize verbally for their lack of respect to my reservation.  No food or drink discount was offered for the inconvenience.  The bar sent over a free drink for me, which in my opinion was not enough of an apology for the number of people I brought to their bar.  I will not be booking another event at Black Sheep Pub.Best drink ever: the Dirty Ho. Framboise+Hoegarten= delicious. Friendly bartenders that actually hug regulars (in a  nonweird way, of course).Very good food I had the fish and chips excellent! I would come here again and again! Very nice vibe! My husband loves the burger.I have yet to have eaten here, but it is a great place to grab a drink with friends. The atmosphere is generally chill, and it is quite easy to get a table. As great as it is, watch out for the occasional creepy guys who will watch you from a corner or follow you into the bar.This is a neat little spot. I was meeting a friend in the area and sorta of stumbled upon Black Sheep. It's a small place with a short bar counter and some table seating. They have a decent beer selection. I was in a whisky kind of mood so I got me some black label on the rocks. The price was reasonable. The service was good. I can't really complain about much.$3 for a fantastic chocolate stout on Quizzo Wednesday? Yes. Please. I don't really need to say more. But because I am me, I will.
Came here on Wednesday night with a group of friends to play trivia. We arrived at 8pm, thinking we were smart early birds. However, we soon learned that our complacency was ill-advised. A waitress informed us that avid trivia-players typically show up around 6:30 to claim tables, but that we could stand a round a high-top if we so desired. We figured that was better than nothing (and it was really really cold), so we stayed put. As it turned out, we were able to hoard a few stools and put together a nice little setup for ourselves. Soon after, we realized that the place had filled up considerably, so our timing wasn't as bad as we initially thought. So my advice is definitely to show up early, 8 at the VERY latest, if you want to sit comfortably while trivia-ing. 
The space itself is pretty standard for a pub. A good number of tables in back, three or four high-tops in front, and a handful of seats at the bar. It can get a bit tight at times, but the servers do a good job of keeping everything relatively contained. 
Can't speak much to the food here, as we just got a couple things to munch on--fries and the Mediterranean platter. Both were fine. I wasn't expecting to be wowed by either--that's pretty much as standard as it gets. Hummus? Good. Fries? Good. Can't complain. 
The drinks were a different story, though. The two specials were enough to impress me, though one was just a crappy light beer. So crappy, in fact, that it tasted like soda (it's Bud Light Lime, for anyone desperate to know). But for three bucks, I'll take it. As I mentioned, the chocolate stout was superb. Rich and flavorful, and again, only $3! Plenty of places would charge two or three times that amount. So I was very pleased with this.
Finally, I must mention the trivia. Props to whomever comes up with these questions, because they were really damn difficult. There were a few throw-aways (i.e. Alan Rickman was the answer to a Diehard question), but most of the stuff was impossible. Quite humbling, really. The music round was "90s grunge", which is possibly the most difficult genre other than jazz/classical to identify, if you've never been a fan of that music. I think I got the Pearl Jam and Nirvana songs right, but I was otherwise useless. Still, a good time was had by all. Would definitely recommend!Black Sheep is right next door to my office and I never knew it existed, until today when we went there to celebrate two of my coworkers' birthdays. For someone who doesn't fancy beer but enjoys cider, the cider list was pretty stingy. Magners? Really? How about I just drink water. I went with "ol' faithful" Angry Orchard but wish there was a wider selection of cider considering the typical pub atmosphere. After a few drinks, we ordered some apps for the table. The cheesesteak spring rolls were good (but not as good as the ones at Ladder 15). I enjoyed the fries we got with the spicy mayo(?) dipping sauce. Nachos were different, but decent. Our waiter wasn't the best. He spilled one of the cups of water on the table (and my iPhone and Kate Spade wallet). Usually I chalk things like this up as a mistake, but he was continually careless and reaching over me instead of to the side of me to place things on the table. The ceiling next to us was leaking through patched plaster. Looks like they're gonna have to get that fixed... Again. Black Sheep would be good as a short stop on a bar crawl, but overall not somewhere I'd choose to go back to.Cheeky pub in a cheeky neighborhood. My friend and I had one of the best customer service, good conversations, laughs and hospitality. Our bartenders, Adam and Fran, were awesome! Super friendly and welcoming. They maintained their bar and serviced everyone around them while keeping a good sense of humor. We came back a second time and ordered food and the food was legit good! Needless to say come to this place if you're wanting a chill atmosphere, some good drinks, personable bartenders, and food! Tell them Dear Sally sent you!Been to Black Sheep many times and finally ate there last night prior to Johnny Goodtimes quizzo (Wednesdays).  Black Sheep is sort of small and cramped, but I like the atmosphere.  I've tried to do quizzo here before and it's been very crowded.  Last night (Thanksgiving Eve) there was surprisingly plenty of room.
Not a horrible tap selection...  They have 10 taps: 3 were local craft beers, 2 were other crafts, 3 were popular Belgian imports (Hoegaarden, Lindeman's Framboise and Stella, yuck) and 2 were popular Irish imports (Guiness and Smithwick's).  They had one craft beer on special for $4 all night.
We thought the food was quite good.  The Shepherd's pie was tasty, though came with no sides and cost around $12.  My girlfriends, whom is a vegetarian, really enjoyed her veggie sandwich with roasted veggies and feta cheese.  My other friend got a pulled pork sandwich that looked great with tasty fries.
We've previously had much drunken fun in the small downstairs (basement) bar.  So, we'll go with 4 stars.Nice cosy pub.  Nothing fancy, but a good selection of food and drinks.  Feels like a British pub so that instantly makes me feel at home.  Not somewhere i'd plan to have a whole evening out at but nice to stop by for a couple after shopping.
Extra star for selling really good mulled wine!  For some reason they call it smoking bishop but it's mulled wine.  Only place in Philly I have found it so far.  Now if they had mince pies to go with my mulled wine, then I could really feel like I was back in the UK!I've been here on a number of occassions and have always had a good time. On nights when there are events (e.g. quizzo, sips, etc) it can definitely get quite crowded, but most nights it's pretty calm and a decent place to grab a bite and a drink.
They have good burgers, and some delicious mac and cheese. As for drinks, they have a good selection of beer and great selection of scotch (I tend stick with the Lagavulin).When the weather's bad, this is the perfect place to hide out with a pint of something dark and the best mac n cheese in the city. 
This is a bar's bar - dark wood, booths, darts. I like it in there. Service is dicey and New Jersey takes over on the weekends, but on a cold winter afternoon, it's perfect.Gets the job done when you're looking for a pint and a sandwich.  The service is pub worthy; the beer selection is medium.Great ambience, great place for a drink or beer. I can't give it 5 because I didn't have food.Excellent bartender. Love the atmosphere. Would definitely come back. And I usually hate Philly.Within the last year, Black Sheep changed their menu. They don't have anything that I want to order, anymore.  It's really sad, actually.  Black Sheep used to be one of my favorite restaurants, one of the places I had to limit my visits to. 
Even though I don't want to eat here, anymore, it's still a fun place to frequent. They have decent beers on tap at all times.  The beer alone makes it worth it.  The nice Irish pub atmosphere adds to the appeal, too. 
Here's a warning: The sambal wings are so ridiculously hot! I mean, it was painful.  They were so spicy it hurt my fingers to hold them!  At first I thought I was just being a spicy wimp, but I wasn't the only person that couldn't eat them. 
Beware the sambal wings!I came here last weekend for birthday drinks with a friend. Even with the snowpocalypse among us, the place was absolutely packed. Clearly this is a happening spot. We ended up going to the downstairs bar which has a cool vibe and seems like a nice place to have drinks with friends. Unfortunately, the vibe was  thrown off by the overflowing toilets directly adjacent to where we were standing at the bar. Was it off-putting? Yes-but even more off-putting was the staff member attending to the mess. As people passed by the doomed toilets (regardless of if they were trying to get to the bathroom or not) he would loudly complain (essentially shouting across the room) that the bathroom was out of order because people don't know how to use toilets/use too much toilet paper.  Dude, I understand your frustration, but yelling at random patrons of your bar isn't going to fix your toilet. Aside from the toilet issues it seems like a cool place, but at the moment I'm in no hurry to return to Black Sheep Pub.We came here one lazy drunken evening in Philadelphia on our SIPS tour. Interestingly enough it was also trivia night, so there was something going on.
Black Sheep, like many a Philly restaurant, is set up in levels, with a ground floor (actually slightly elevated) featuring a bar and restaurant setup with round tables and a wooden bar, while higher levels feature additional dining and drinking spaces.
To the experience, it was actually rather mixed. We stopped on the ground floor at a center round table. Within reach of the bar, we nonetheless had a waitress, and that was part of the problem. The waitress was quite slow and rather rude, annoyed since we would not get food as well as drinks. With four guys on the town, tips would have come either way, but eh, her loss.
After the drinks took a while in coming, we decided to place orders directly with the bartender, and the waitress blew up, yelling at us to pay her since we were ruining her night. Lovely....
The trivia itself was pretty good, though very challenging. 
Overall a nice bar with an interesting crowd and some odd staff...Visiting Philly for a few days and was looking for a Sunday night bite and beverage.  Ended up here around 9 p.m.  Ordered a Guinness and IPA, which were served quickly and properly.  Fish and chips, along with their chicken sandwich were ordered  and again served in a very reasonable time frame. The chicken sandwich was flavorful and served on a nice roll. The fish flavor was wonderful,  but the only thing that was disappointing , was the small portion served. The fries were good and the dipping sauce was right on. Even the salad was tasty. The guys working the bar have been there 12 and 10 years, and seem very friendly and attentive to their customers. Outside of a small portion of the fish, all was very good and would revisit next time in Philly.Good place to chill with friends for a drink. Food is so-so, not the best or worst. Very cody inside.There isn't anything I can say is wrong with Black Sheep but there is nothing that is a huge draw either.  The food is pretty basic -standard pub food.  The wings are good and the burgers are average but they do a great job with breakfast and the  $3.50  FULL SIZE mimosas on Sunday can't be beat.Decent, clean, but it didn't wow me. That's okay though. I went in because I've heard others talk about it and I've never been. So me and my lady wanted to try a new pub for drinks and a pubfood and this is where we ended up. I had the Reuben and she had the burger and we shared some of the curry fries. Both the sandwiches were too large to finish in one sitting, but that's okay by me. I love leftovers for lunch. The fries were "interesting". I lived in England for a little while so when I saw curry fries on the menu I immediately was brought back. The fries I remember were nothing like the fries I got, but that doesn't mean they were bad. The Reuben was a Reuben. Nothing crazy... The burger though... That was a mean burger. It was enormous, and they had great toppings choices. She went with the goat cheese and caramelized onions. They went a little overboard with the goat cheese but otherwise it was a good burger. 
It was a little better than meh, but it wasn't enough to lure me from my other favorite pubs. I'd go back though. 
Oh, one more thing. We ate upstairs and the bartender who waited on us was a sweetheart.The best part of Black Sheep is Eileen, one of Philly's outstanding servers. The lack of 5 stars is because of the air conditioning situation in the summer, and the IPA-heavy taps. 
People rave about the mac and cheese, but to me it tastes like Stouffer's. For mac and cheese, go to Westbury in the winter months, get it with bacon and onions. While you're at Black Sheep opt for the steak entree. The mashed potatoes are great.Typical Irish pub with $2 soft drinks (that's a dig), but all good besides that. I'd go back. Two levels of good pub fare and quality beers. It's worth stopping if you are in the area.I held my boyfriend's surprise birthday party in the room downstairs for about 30 people and it was a blast! The Owner, Managers, servers & bartenders were all extremely accommodating during the booking/planning and execution of the night. We had a cash bar but I ordered apps in advance for the group, and the pricing was very reasonable. Would definitely recommend to anyone looking to have a private area reserved for their group!Ok, so I HATE giving the Black Sheep one star but I HAVE to. Their beer selection is really sub par but its bearable. The main reason the place got one star is the food. Now I know this is really just a cool pub in a posh neighborhood but are they trying to be a gastro pub? I don't know... The fish tacos we got were literally atrocious. They were just salty, extremely greasy (not in a good hangover food greasy but just downright putrid) along with being soggy and sad. There staff there are very nice or at least pleasant otherwise this place would be a total epic fail. There wasn't any fish in our fish tacos which I found terribly either cheap or just a slap in the face sine they are FISH tacos! I couldn't identify the fish which was strange since I eat and cook more fish than anyone I know. There was no sauce to accompany this mysterious sea creature tucked away in this very soggy clearly store bought tortillas. Now maybe I am a little biased because I lived in L.A. for a few years and they have some of the best fish tacos on Earth next to ones that I have made courtesy of All Recipes. TO sum it up they were lacking in every way shape and form even down to the pathetic over salted sides. I was told by the bartender that I should go with the Shepards pie and I wish I would have listened. WHY would I get fish tacos at a place like Black Sheep when its clearly an Irish pub? Call it being adventurous and being very hopeful that this GREAT pub would deliver the "goods." Anyway don't go Fish Tacos unless you're completely LOCO! Sorry Sheep.... Still love ya.Really wish j could give NO STARS... This place was HORRIBLE -- from the time we walked in until we left! We just moved to the Rittenhouse neighborhood and were told to try here... Went on a Saturday night to get a few drinks... All staff was rude and could care less about us being there... Took forever to get a drink and when we finally did it was watered down... This truly lives up to its namesake - DO NOT go here they are by far the worse bar we've been to in Philly! What a disgrace!Had the bangers and mash; awesome!. Several Irish and European beers on tap. Always busy when I walked by, now I know why!Although not my favorite spot, I have experienced some good afternoons here.  I have only come when it hasn't been very crowded and the bartenders have always been friendly.  It was very relaxing, quiet and a nice breeze was flowing through the open window.  All in all, just ok though!  I've had some food and most was pretty standard pub stuff needed to soak up some alcohol.  The beer selection is ok, but just a bit boring.I would have put five but yelp filters out 1 stars and 5 stars. Anyone who knows me, knows that I am BRUTALLY honest and complain about anything and everything. Having said that and having lived in Miami, their cuban sandwich is incredible! I can not believe Philadelphia magazine has not put this sandwich on their best sandwiches you've never tried in Philadelphia. Stop reading this and order the sandwichSo, In my travels I try to hit up Irish Pubs...why may you ask, because they are dimly lit, typically have good food, and its a place where your more than likely to find a local drinking crowd. With that said, I thought Black Sheep was everything I needed on a thursday night . A pub atmosphere down stairs and a dining atmosphere upstairs with a second bar. They have some modern twists on the menu which was enjoyable.
Big Up Black Sheep!I went here for the last "sips" of the summer and had a great time. That might have been because everything was cheaper but I guess I'll have to go back to find out. The mac n cheese was one of the best restaurant mac n cheeses I have ever had. The garlic fries were a little oily but there wasn't a huge vegetarian selection so we just tried them anyway. Great beer selection for sips, not sure if they have more in general but it was much better than other restaurants and worth the pick.Great bar....BUT NEVER have a party here.  They don't keep your reservation.  They will take your money to reserve the room downstairs, but will NOT actually HOLD that reservation.  And when you have 30 of your guests, supposed to head down to your reserved room while its full of strangers, they'll be total jerks about it.  Never going back.So I'm sitting on Yelp reading reviews by neighborhood looking for a place to go to dinner, and I come across Black Sheep. I love Black Sheep so much that I decided to read the new reviews.   I'd say that most people have an accurate grasp on this place (particularly Bill M. and George R.) There is good and bad here, but I really do think the good out ranks the bad.  
Ok, they have tvs which can distract bad dates, loved ones, and the elderly, alike. But, the rest of the atmosphere is nice.  The wooden booths, soft lighting, and Guinness paraphernalia create a warm, and inviting environment.  
Sure, the beer selection isn't great, but it's not bad, and they pour a mean Guinness (complete with the shamrock).  
And sure, a burger here costs 10 bones.  Most people would argue that $10 is a lot for a burger where you chose your own toppings, and a plate full of fries.  $10 is a lot for a burger and fries.  However, this burger is very large. It's easily twice the size of a Monk's burger (that costs $8 and doesn't have fries).  And here, they actually cook your burger to order, unlike some places that only claim to (ahem, Monk's).
But really, the food here is delicious.  Last time I was here, I had a special that was a lamb sandwich with curry mayo and mint pesto.  It was so good that even though I was full half way through, I ate every last bite. It hurt, but it was worth it.
All in all, my only real problem with the Black Sheep is that their sheppard's pie is made with ground beef. That's just not right.Black Sheep is decent place to go if you're in the Ritenhouse area, but wanna get away from Rittenhouse.  
The food is okay, I think it's kind of pricey for what it is.
Went in last night w/ some friends to have some beers and watch the Phils game.  I wound up having the Rueben sandwich.  Very tasty, nice alternative to a burger.
I'd say nothing special about this place, but i like that it lacks the pretentiousness that is prominent in the areaChecked this place out for Center City Sips. Good prices. Lots of options for food on special. Drink specials were a little limited. The place was crowded and very noisy, but the service was really quick. I'd like to try this place on another night (or after the World Cup) when it's less crowded.Just had my 30th B-day Party here in the basement bar & I couldn't have asked for a better location/setup.  Everyone was really friendly at the bar & pretty organized.  The manager, Mike, got back to me in a very timely manner and Adam the Bartender rocked my world!  He was so friendly and excited to serve my guests.  We had about 35 people in the basement bar and it was awesome.  A couple high top bar tables & a lounge area w/ a coffee table!  Totally enough seating for almost everyone!  Excellent prices too!  There's a dart board and a flat screen TV downstairs also & 2 bathrooms!  Had the best time!Burger with Brussels on the side instead of fries or salad  delicious as always but especially good today for some reason, give that Thursday day chef a big fat raiseWe are big fans of the St. Stephen's which is a great Fairmount pub. Since these places are related we thought it would be just as friendly and helpful. It was a big disappointment as we wandered the bar area with no help around. We asked about making a reservation and were told it would be awhile. We were finally able to find out it was a 25 minute wait. We tried to get a beer in the bar area but no one was helpful. We left and went Cavanaugh's.  That was a good choice. They were welcoming.Always a good stop no matter what time of day.......the food is good.......and it is better then just bar food......it is a friendly place..... it has three bars....one in the basement,  one on the main floor and one upstairs......service is always good......I've been here for lunch and dinner, and neither disappoints. Good food; you can go healthy or comfort. Although, I am sad they took the roasted brussels sprouts with bacon off the menu...holy cow they were good!!  Solid beer list, has a lively happy hour and late night crowd, but since it's a little off the beaten path (on 17th below Locust), it doesn't often get uncomfortably crowded.  Un-fussy, friendly, consistent pub.
Update 1/20/16: Brussel Sprouts are back!  Woohoo!I recommend to finding the bartender Michael and having a chat about New Orleans and his subsequent experiences. We had a great time on the otherwise empty second floor- Michael kept it open for us and we had so much chatting with him!My husband and I stopped in for a filling lunch since we had skipped breakfast. We were seated immediately and the waitress took our drink order right away. So our $4 mimosas were at the table by the time we decided what we wanted to eat! We ordered the cheesesteak spring rolls to share as an appetizer, and they were delicious! Then for our meal I ordered the filet mignon sliders with a salad, and my husband ordered a crab cake sandwich with fries! All of it was fantastic!!!Great pub for just a laid back pub food kind of brunch! Nothing out of the ordinary just really good drinks and eggs Benedict! Great vibe! Nothing pretentious but a fun place to hang!The baked mac and cheese is a must have! It's considered an appetizer, but I ordered it as my meal. I was stuffed by the end of it because it's so rich. But was by far the best mac and cheese I've ever eaten. My girlfriend ordered the filet mignon sliders and said they were delicious. It's a no frills dive bar, but nothing wrong with that!The Jonas blizzard hit and it was our saving grace from serious cabin fever and mediocre hotel food. The shepherd's pie and lamb stew were deliciously seasoned. The perfect  spot to land during the wintery months.. and I'm sure other season's too.Stopped in the evening before the Rock 'n' Roll half marathon for some quality carbo-loading of the liquid variety.  Was not disappointed. Great beer selection, quality pub food, super friendly server. If I was a local, this is a place where I'd spend a lot of time.We've been here multiple times while visiting Philly, and had the same experience. You walk into a loud, crowded pub scene. The seating is slow, the service is slow, and it is so loud you can't hear yourself think. it is enough to make us want to leave before our food arrives, every. single. time.
Then the bring the food.
Everything my boyfriend and I have had here is simply amazing enough to totally outweigh any other annoyance and keep us coming back. We've had the Irish classics, sandwiches, entrees, and specials. Each was a great experience. 
If you can take that it is a bar seemingly suited for the young 20s' crowd, you'll be rewarded with some delicious nosh.Without a doubt, the best pub in Philadelphia! Great atmosphere, wonderful food and a wide selection of good beers. Very friendly staff and a resident ghost too!!I wanted to go somewhere that had like an authentic British theme and Google suggested this place. It was a very nice place the drinks were awesome and the food was great, came out pretty fast and the waiters were nice. I think my biggest issue was the fish and chips; they were $14.50 and I only got one piece of fish, if I would've known it only came with one I would've gotten something else. I was still hungry afterwards.Great everything... Service+ food +beer +price...= success.great place for happy hour.  great deals and good food.  good portions too.  we got wings, hummus, sweet & spicy fried calamari, and mac n cheese.  My fave was the hummusThe conference "group dining experience" was held here. We had the seating area by the fireplace all to ourselves.Fireplace? As close as I was sitting, it was more like a blast furnace. Finally, I was warm. 
I ordered the butternut squash soup and another cape cod. The soup was rich and thick, savory, not sweet, and smooth. It was topped with pumpkin seeds or something. I enjoyed it. I used the restroom downstairs. The stairs were steep! Not for those who have had too many cocktails. 
But I really had to leave. I had another dinner to attend. I'd probably return. No guarantee, but probable.While perfect as a meeting place, it lacks character and service for extensive visits.  The door of the Pub opens up to a reasonable space for high top seating and standing.  This arrangement provides easy access to the bar and for flagging down help.  It also makes it easy for groups to find each other.  Unfortunately when I was there there was only one server.  She did a great job of keeping up, though she could have used some help.A friend and I stopped by here to grab something to eat last week. We ordered the wings, a burger and filet mignon sliders. The wings were very tough, almost like they were overcooked, which was unfortunate because he had been there before and spoke highly of how tasty they were. The burger was OK, nothing memorable. Although the sliders were pretty decent. The service was a little slow, but I'll give them the benefit of the doubt because it was right after Center City Sips. I'd give it another try for some simple apps and a drink.The kind of pub you wish was around the corner!  Great for drinks, a quick bite but even better for a fun night with a group. From the dark wood bars to the humorous atmosphere, its a budget friendly stop when in Rittenhouse.Who has happy hour on a Friday afternoon that starts at 4pm?  Black Sheep Pub!  All drinks were $1 off.
While there was plenty of seating available from 4-5, by 6pm the upstairs was packed and the basement was full with a private event.  Our service wasn't anything spectacular.  I found it odd that mid-drink our waitress brought us the bill because she was leaving and wanted her tip.  
The highlight of the evening was the basket of fries we ordered.  Served piping hot and perfectly seasoned they came with what looked like a red pepper aioli.This is by far the most inclusive & diversified 
IRISH PUB  in Philadelphia's upscale Rittenhouse Square neighborhood.   
As a longtime local, I am appalled by the reckless and false allegations against the Pub.   
Since 1999, this bar has served patrons of all races, religions, & creeds.   And, to make false claims against this wonderful and inclusive Pub is inflammatory.   
I will bring my friends, family, & co-workers to BLACK SHEEP any day of the week.  Black Sheep represents the Best this great city has to offer. 
At the Pub, you will find Wharton Students, Airline pilots, Doctors, Liberals, Conservatives, Lawyers, Nurses, NFL players, MLB players, Tourists, Opera singers, & good hard working Blue collar folks.   
If you are a Manchester United Fan you'll find a home here.  That's the only downside for all CHELSEA FC Fans.  
This bar is like "CHEERS".   Where Everyone knows your name.    
Come try it for yourself.   You'll have a Great time!Standard pub, good beer selection. Nice bathroom, decorated with bar mirrors and steps that lead no where.....This is the first pub I've been at that serves "lightly fried calamari", humus, chicken wings, braised lamb and shepherd's pie. It looks like a regular pub, but only half the items on the menu are pub fare, the other half are upscale restaurant items. Their beer selection is not small at all, but totally uninteresting. Too many generic stuff. But the food was fabulous.Great pub. I had bangers and mash. Bangers were a little bit too spicy for my taste, but others may love them.  Spouse's fish and chips were excellent. Also good draft beer list. Service was good.Went to Black Sheep this past Sept for drinks after dinner; had such a great server who was determined to make a drink that I would enjoy!!  We had about 10-12 people at the table and everyone had a great time, the place filled quickly but kept the same fun atmosphere! The drink list was long, they had a great selection of beer as well.Best food I've ever had at a bar. I've been here 3 times and food has been consistently amazing. They have great beers and large spirits selection. 
Service is always great. I'm actually very surprised this place doesn't have better ratings. 
Shout out to Dave great attentive service.This is a great place to watch sports or have a cozy drink.  My boyfriend and I think of ourselves as nacho connoisseurs and we say GET THE NACHOS!I have never eaten here, but as far as a pub goes it is pretty decent.  However, I would not go as far to say that it is as unique as a "black sheep" in the pub world.  It is your typical pub...dimly lit, dark wood, beer, but the crowd is nice and so are the bartenders.  Black Sheep is a good place to hang out in a casual setting, where you can hear yourself and others talk.The kitchen needs an update... My chicken sandwich was bland and the roll was stale.  I couldn't finish it..
The service and decor is nice... But the food is not up to par with typical irish pub fare in the city.  If you are a tourist only come here for drinks not food.Stopped in to watch a soccer game and grabbed a brew with some grubb a dub, it was a good time. Really like the interior and hope they don't update it.. Ever.Another place I really want to love but it just never seems to cut it.  
The bar itself looks great, the servers are attentive w/o being overbearing and they usually have pretty decent beers on tap. 
But the food is just awful.  I don't know how you can serve an inedible burger but they manage to do it.  I used to like the pulled pork sandwich but they changed something and now it is terrible too. 
I went back a couple of months ago as I heard they had a new chef  but the food was still just as terrible.  
Come on Black Sheep!  Get a new food supplier and step it up a notch or three and you will be great!So I went for the first time tonight and got no food. I sat at the bar with a few friends toward the end of happy hour and beyond. All I can truly speak for is the atmosphere and the quality of the bartenders. 
I had a great time for a Friday night. The bartender was highly attentive in my opinion and always asked whether I wanted another beer just as I was finishing one, which I feel is good bartender etiquette as I've also been a bartender myself. 
I know the place has 3 floors but I only saw two. Although the floor I was on had as many TVs as one would need to see from any angle. 
I would def recommend this as a hangout spot with friends. They have a great happy hour and even place a nice shamrock in the foam of Guinness. Something that's not done in many American pubs and takes great care to do. 
Fun time!Went in so my husband could watch a soccer match, happened to be happy hour and the only thing I want to say is Mac and Cheese.. off the hook and 5 bucks...I can't review the menu because we only had happy hour menu we also got wings , calamari and spring rolls they were ok, the Mac and cheese though awesome.shepherds pie was delicious, as was the maplebock beer!   A great stop over if you're in the areaGreat casual happy hour spot. Love coming here to chaz it up with friends and pound a few pints. 
They a great pub style atmosphere with a great beer selection. They also have a full menu with bar type food. The star being the Mac and cheese. It is cooked in a crock with a hard crust on top. Always the highlight of my visit here.Quizzo 8:30pm Wednesday nights. Super fun and earlier than most of the Quizzos in University City. Guaranteed good time.I haven't been to black sheep in a long time. It's sort of one of those bars I end up going to after the other bars I've attempted to go to are full. So we ended up here the other night after 3 unsuccessful attempts to enter other bars in the area, and I like this place. It's alllllllllright. Surprisingly, it was a little bit of an older crowd, like mostly people in their 30s which was nice. It was loud which wasn't surprising, but we got served right away and it was great to find places to sit without having to order food. They have bars upstairs and downstairs and 1/2 the time I've been here one of the floor has been rented out for a party.
I wouldn't say there's anything particularly special or interesting about Black Sheep, but I can't hate on it for just being "standard bar."One of the many Irish places in the area. I wasn't too impressed with the food. It was pub food, but nothing special that requires a fourth star. Cheap yuenglings during sips - if you get there early enough to get a seat.Gastropubs abound in Philly and Black Sheep, like its sister pub Dark Horse (notice a theme?) has an eclectic menu of food from imperialized nations.  They go for a British style pub feel, but it really isn't a whole lot like pubs in Britain (which often have sub-par food and are comfortably shoddy).  It gets pretty damn busy in this place of a weekend night, but for the area, it isn't too bad.  
I wouldn't call it 'upscale' but it ain't a dive either.  I wouldn't want to be here on St. Patrick's Day, but I have a feeling I will be boarded up inside my apartment that day.they did st patricks day with live irish music! pretty cool. 
Was in the basement with all the other early 20s people, while the 30 + people took over the first floor. 
I kind of felt like i was in college due to the whole "im partying in a basement" but at least it was a nicer basement.Casual pub with a friendly vibe. Went for dinner Saturday night. It was pretty vacant so service was quick and attentive. We had the calamari which was pretty pricy for the quality and the amount. For dinner, I had the shepard's pie and it was delicious, with the right amount of flavor. The portion was larger than I anticipate! My boyfriend had the filet mignon sliders and he said the meat was very flavorful. I was not impressed with the fries though. They tasted like cardboard and were too overdone. I was happy they had dogfish pumpkin beer on tap, though! I would come back again, especially since their brunch menu looked promising.Popped in for a quick Saturday lunch and a beer. Good selection on the menu. Great shepherds pie, no celery! Great service and atmosphere.I dig the Black Sheep.  The space is so warm and inviting.  Love their location and they're red and black motif.  They can get very busy but if you can score a chair downstairs by the windows it is great for people watching and downing a pint or three.
Their food is Irish and gastro-pubbish.  Never had a bad food or drink experience here and if we're in the area then we almost always stop in.If you're jones'n for some mac and cheese, Black Sheep is a great place to go... sometimes nothing beats a crock of creamy, baked, cheesy awesomeness.  Besides that, this is probably some of the best food i've had in an irish pub in Philly... everything i've had there has been really good.  The shephards pie is great.  Next time they have ribs on the menu, definitely give them a try - they are melting off the bone, and delicious.  The atmosphere in the bar is a pretty authentic divey irish pub, and the upstairs dining area gives a little more upscale experience.  The beer selection is nothing amazing, but i'm sure you'll find something you'll like... you could always go for the old standby - a pint of Guiness!I really do enjoy going to the Black Sheep for a casual bite to eat wtih friends.  The beer list is decent and and the staff is very friendly; it's a warm and comfortable environment.  I went with friends yesterday and was heart broken when I found out my absolute favorite dish (gnocchi with wild mushrooms and truffle oil) has been pulled from the menu. AH! The waitress informed that the menu had just changed and that it won't be offered in the Spring or Summer.  What a bummer.  I ended up ordering the gumbo, which wasn't bad, but also nothing to write home about.  Next time I'll stick with their AMAZING bangers & mash or the shepards pie.  Overall, Black Sheep is a great spot!Came here after Monk's turned out to be an insane asylum. It's got a pretty good bottle list, though the draft list could use a bit more imagination. I had the kale salad and it was daaaaaaaamn good. I only sat upstairs but it's got a nice vibe. Days before Halloween and all the horror films I could watch were on the tv.I'd like to come here again, as it's as Julia N. put it - a bar's bar. Our bartender was a bit frazzled but I liked the beers on tap, and it was pretty cozy. Plus, I totally didn't realize that there's a bar downstairs too! It looks pretty solid.Baa baa Black Sheep, have you any stars?
Yes sir, yes sir, two there are.
One for Johnny Goodtimes
One for the game [of quizzo],
No more than that cause this place is kind of lame. 
The food is okay but quite overpriced for bar food. $7 for a dish of fries? And that's the cheapest thing on the menu. Outrageous. The beers could be cheaper as well. Service can be spotty; I really dislike some of the servers here, but that may be partially a function of the fact that there tends to be only one server for the entire room. 
Like I said, quizzo is really the only reason to go to Black Sheep, but it fills up fast. You could get there an hour ahead of time and still not get a table. They need to better regulate pre-quizzo seating and direct non-quizzo patrons upstairs or downstairs. They also give one particular team unfair preferential treatment, because they're "regulars". However, these "regulars" bring their own snacks and never end up paying for their beers because they always win. Why such special treatment for some old dudes they're not making any money off of? They must be bribing the staff with exorbitant tips (probably the majority of their winnings, since they don't spend it on food and hardly buy any beer). Not cool.i really like this place, especially the cozy upstairs bar it a little quieter than the main bar but somethings the downstairs is a lot of fun, the food is good quality, just a great rustic local hang out!!The food is always great here! 
From their NY Strip to their hamburgers, and we can't forget their Cheese steak Spring Rolls! 
And the wait staff is always kind and courteous. 
The place can be a bit of a pain to find for someone who isn't familiar with Philly, but trust me, it's worth the trouble!I love this place; food is great, atmosphere is cozy and the beer offering is top notch. I only wish that the rooms were bigger. When it's packed, it's tough to move around but I guess that adds to the ambiance.If you try the happy hour, you won't be disappointed. Mac and cheese with a side of brussel sprouts should be a meal option, they make a great combo. Wings were also GOOD. atmosphere was pretty good, beer deals for happy hour were good but I forget what they were.BEST garlic fries and mac&cheese you can find! Service was pretty good too, considering our server was the only one serving a huge crowd. We arrived at around 3:30pm which was good, because at 4pm there were so many people and it was impossible to seat down. I felt it was a pretty good environment, the only down side for me was the noise: there were too many people on a small space (the basement and upstairs were closed). If you're in doubt, go for the food. Amazing!oh black sheep, you are my watering hole for after work....you are are the place that has super tasty bites, and great fish and chips...your jukebox is amazing, when some jerk doesnt supercede your music with an extra dollar....black sheep sometimes you're a bit loud and raucous, but so i am i sometimes, and your service never wanes...i will continue to drink, eat, laugh and play rockin music with you....this bar is really standard fair. the drinks are average price and the clientele and decor is very run of the mill bar style. i can't complain and i can't rave. i think if i lived in philly this would be a staple spot of mine. the food there is really tasty. in particular the burger. molto bene.Love the Black Sheep, especially on a cold winter day. It's a nice place to chill. The food is quite good, a step above your typical bar food. 
It can get rowdy late on Friday and Saturday nights, so it's best to go during the afternoon or early evening on weekends.Great bar, but the food...just wow. Incredibly delicious. Officially one of my favorite hidden gems in the city.Some of the better bar food i've had.  Great chicken strips  and a solid fish and chips.  The crab cake burger is good and the service great.  They pour an excellent drink as well.  
I could grab a seat by the fire, watching games on the TV enjoying their food and drinks for hours.This is my second meal at The Black Sheep Pub and Restaurant.  Enjoyed a tasty hamburger and garlic fries at lunch yesterday.  Waitress was very patient with me as I was having a "senior moment" or two, asking some questions whose answers were obvious.We got a round of kamikaze shot and umm. it was VERY diluted. I was mad that I was drinking something like that for $6, at least it wasn't charged more! I will get shots here again. And the waitress was so snobby. We went and sat at a table around 7-8pm and didn't order food, just drinks. It was reunion of friends we haven't seen for about a year and we just wanted to enjoy our time. Everytime the waitress came over she asked in a tone as if she wanted us to leave if we weren't gonna order more drinks. Can you just let us enjoy our visit at Black Sheep and make it seem like we have to feel guilty? I heard good things about Black Sheep which is why I suggested this bar to my friends, but idk if I wanna come back again. It seems like a great bar but the whole experience of the waitress and diluted shots didn't make our visit a good one.Went for Center City Sips. Very crowded, but the service was great! I was really surprise since our bartender was taking both drink and food orders. She must have a high IQ and stellar memory because everything was just right and timed perfectly. 
We had the mac & cheese, calamari, garlic fries and wings. I wish the wings were spicier, but that's my personal preference. The calamari was okay, loved that they added olives! The mac and cheese was good, but the garlic fries were the best! As my friend said 'you could fish out a vampire with these things!" The couple sitting next to us smelled it too. The taste was on the oily side but they were so crispy on the outside and soft on the inside. The chipotle dip sealed the deal. This was my favorite appetizer!
As for drinks they must have been good, I had three: whiskey sour, which was more whiskey than sour :) and my friend had a long island ice tea which she enjoyed. I definitely think this place would be a great standard pub as long as it's not as crowded every other night.Love the Black Sheep!!! I'm not a resident of Philly but every time I visit I make a stop here... Rachel makes the best drinks and the food and atmosphere is awesome... Worth a stop if you're bar crawling in Philly for sureMy favorite neighborhood bar when I visit philly. I usually stop in for drinks after dinner so I don't have anything to say about the food. This place is very welcoming and relaxed. Bartenders are super friendly and personable.Great service great beer and very great food excellent atmosphere and manchester United bar can't go,wrongI've been here countless times for drinks but finally decided to grab some food. I ordered a burger and it was probably the best burger I've had in the city. Ordered medium rare and it came out perfect. They also have an awesome sound system, which seems a little odd for the size of the place, but I'm not complaining. The seating is a little uncomfortable and packed.I've only been here once and I've only had their pint of Guinness while playing darts with friends so I can't give them a higher rating until I've tried the food but they pour the perfect pint of any Irish beer you order whether it be Guinness, Bass, or Smithwicks.Just a nice Philadelphia bar. I prefer quieter and divier places but this served as a good meet up. However, the place attracts loud sports fans and/or yuppies. Not a great place for date night for that reason. If you do date night there, request going upstairs. The food and drinks are above average. I had the Sheep salad, which I thought was really good.The Irish equivalent of Monk's just across the pond.  I have to admit that I have only had lunch here and an after work snack with my favorite female companion.  They have a friendly selection of beers that pair very nicely with their "Irish" food selections. However, I am starting to get the feeling of "cop-out" with the center city European influenced pub/restaurants (aside from Monks), because their menus lack a vibrant and taste-bud catching theme that screams "MUST GO".  
After going to a few (Noddingheads, Fado, and some of the ones in Society Hill) of the other places I get a little tired of the "whole beef patty" treatment when I can get the same thing at the local grocery "bag em and tag em" store.  
All things considered, I am in love with the three-story colonial townhouse that they are so fortunate to be located in.  Great spot to hang out on a warm afternoon with some friends and catch a game of soccer on the tel-ey, or play a little game of darts. If I spend more time at Black Sheep I will come back and give a much fairer assessment.  
It gets (3) stars just because of it's location.