I'm very happy with the food, and most of all the service.
I ordered biscuits and gravy and was not happy with what came to the table, the server quickly fixed it and even the manager came out to apologize.
You can tell everyone cares.Great food, excellent surface. Many options, so try everything. I highly highly recommend the oysters!Love this spot! I've been here twice now, trying different dishes each time, and the food is consistently very good. 
Food: get the fried chicken. Also, get the Mac and cheese. You can feel guilty about it later. 
Atmosphere: cute and cozy with I've music. Just be warned that sitting near the musician means you won't be able to hear much of anything else. 
Service: always prompt and courteous!I live in the area and am thrilled ot have live music 5 nights/week.  We have eaten here for both brunch and dinner--both were very good, not standard bar fare at all.  They are reaching for gastropub and some of the menu hits it squarely,.  The Onion Tart and Vegetarian Shephard's Pie, for instance.  Wonderful vibe inside.  And did we mention the live music...a juke joint on Headhouse Square...c'mon people, you gotta love THAT.We made reservations, and were seated upstairs about a foot from the band at a table that seemed more like a bar table. After sitting for 45 min with NO SERVICE, just empty glasses and silverware, we left. While leaving the host kindly insisted to grab the manager after we told her what happened. (The hosts were wonderful!)   The manager did nothing besides essentially say that this wasn't typical and to come back.Came here on Friday night for happy hour...great prices on drinks but the food was subpar this time. The fried green tomato Blt was very tasty...I will come back for brunch. 
During winter months sit in the room on the opposite side of the door... Be prepared to wear your coat most of the time.The food here is really incredible. I had the fried chicken in a bag and it was delicious! The menu offers a nice twist on southern comfort food. I love the decor and the service is excellent. Our waiter Adam was friendly and attentive and thoroughly explained the menu to us. We had a bunch of desserts but my favorite was the chocolate pecan pie with BACON ICECREAM! Yes! I highly recommend this place. Can't wait to go back!Great music, AMAZING, most comprehensive bourbon list anywhere in the city, with the nicest, most knowledgable bar tenders ever.  I did not have a chance to eat there - we can later at night for drinks and the music (honky tonk / rockabilly amazingness).  I love the interior, total retro cowgirl.This place has the best wings ever and the fries totally rock.  We frequent this place and the food is consistently good and the servers couldn't be more friendly or helpful.  We highly recommend it for a fun casual atmosphere with great food.
Sherri and Steve
PhiladelphiaI went to Twisted Tail with my father. We were definitely not disappointed. We got the 4-course meal and loved every part of it. The specialty grill they used brought out some interesting flavors. The service was very good and attentive to our orders. The atmosphere was fun and different compared to the modern scene I've seen in many other restaurants in the city. I will definitely be coming back to this neighborhood treat.Good Craw Mac n' Cheese
Excellent Kale Salad ! 
Waitress was really nice and nice lunch outside !Charcoal grill "pre apps" are a nice touch. The quail paired nicely with a bourbon, the mushrooms not so much.  They were good otherwise.
My wife and I shared a baby leaf greens salad and the Cornish hen and succotash.  It was delicious.  
The ambiance on the lower level is mediocre, but the acoustic guitarist was a nice touch.  Head upstairs to enjoy some louder music and hang out for a bit.  The decor is much more authentic.
Will return again , but with friends.Twisted Tail Score: 18
Burger Quality: 4
Bun: 4
Fries: 4
Extras:  3
Value: 3
2 Sentence Review: Decent burger with a nice presentation.  Love the downstairs vibe and the bourbon makes me happy.
------------------------------------------- 
How does Burger Einstein's rating system work? 
- Burgers are rated across 5 categories (see below) 
- Category scores can range from 0 to 5, with 5 being "Outstanding".   
- Total score (out of 25) is determined.  Scores above 20 earn 5 Stars (rare), between 16 and 20 gets 4 stars and so on 
Burger Einstein Categories 
1. Burger Quality: Good meat or Bubba Burger? 
2. Bun: Does it compliment the burger or overwhelm it?   
3. Fries: Do I accept the guilt or compare them to my Ex 
4. Extras: Wild card.  Could range from Cheese to bourbon to atmosphere 
5. Value: Burger cost relative to smiles (heavily influenced by how much bourbon I drink)I'm not quite sure I get this place. It's a pub, but doesn't feel like one, and is definitely not priced like one. The live music is cool, but overall this place lacks character.My favorite place in Philly! First found this place last year but didn't remember the name, Yelp to the rescue! So glad I found this place. The decor is to die for, from the outside seating to the first floor dining room, the upstairs side room to the bar area with live music this place has it all. 
The live music is amazing, need to find a place like this in DC! Both times I've been the band and singer had people up and dancing and everyone clapping. The drinks are great, the bartenders are more like mixologist and the food is not your average bar food. Never had a bad drink, they are light and refreshing and strong! My boyfriend and I ordered the pulled pork empanadas and I ordered the mushroom salad. The 2 medium sized empanadas came out hot and filled with tender perfectly cooked pork. The pork wasn't covered with seasoning or sauce which was great because it let the natural pork flavor shine, if they don't have the cover with other flavors you know it's good! The mushroom salad was light but filling (if that makes sense) looked small but once I mixed it all together it was a good sized salad. The tart and tangy dressing was a perfect mix with the creamy goat cheese and the crystallized ginger gave it a little sweetness. The mushrooms were the perfect topping and blended right in. The bartenders are very friendly, attentive and fast. This place is a perfect 10... well, 5 star.So we've been here a couple times, I decided to review it this time because it really is a wonderful place to come! They have their own version of city wide specials for $5, which is amazing paired with their cheese board, as strange as that may seem. We originally came here for the crawfish mac & cheese which ended up being the side highlight, it didn't really have a savory crawfish taste in every bite, but either way we still love this place!!I consider this place a second home! Very friendly staff and delicious cocktails & bar snacks. Upstairs has a funky living room vibe with bar games, TV, and great live music.A favorite spot in Philly, right on Headhouse Square!  The atmosphere is great with a very cozy downstairs with live acoustic music most nights of the week.  Perfect place to meet up for a drink and low key relaxation.  The upstairs bar provides a more lively time with consistently good blues and rock bands and the adjacent club room is complete with shuffle board, darts, and couches by a fireplace, a fun place to chill with friends. 
They have good beers on tap and the cocktails are top notch.  I mostly snack on their small plates and appetizers while at the bar, all of which are delicious (crawfish mac-n-cheese is my go-to). 
Most importantly - the service is great with awesome staff.  They go the extra mile to make you feel comfortable and "at home".What a great experience! We went for restaurant week and by far this has been my best restaurant week experience ever. The food was so great and the drinks were even better. The best part of the whole evening was the service. I saw managers running food, taking drink orders and helping out their servers. I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for an evening with great food, drinks and live music. The pork belly was incredible!Never have I had such over cooked seafood, one of the worst temperature cooked scallops and octopus I've ever had. The romesco from the scallops was delicious, but ruined by the fact they were completely over cooked. Don't even get me started on the octopus, chewed like beef jerky. Kitchens gone down, wait staff was kind if there but never when neededOn first impression, I'm wooed by the details: the sheet music wallpaper, the booze barrel bar stools, or cowboy hats on hooks (which you're encouraged to wear while kicking your heels to the in-house bands). 
The owners have certainly put a lot of thought into this new space. Live blues bands add to this fun, inviting atmosphere. Guaranteed, you'll see my friends here on many many weekends to come.
As for the menu, there are still kinks to work out. I think the biggest fault with Twisted Tail is their identity: it's not quite solid yet. The board has some interesting dishes to fit into  their "bourbon and blues" and open fire concept, though there are plenty that do not. 
The Smokehouse Lightning cocktail was deeeelicious, for starters. The mac and cheese was intensely rich, though a bit bland, even with the addition of chewy crawfish meat. Lamb sliders were juicy little bites, though I tasted none of the sun-dried cranberry aioli listed on the menu. The "primal chili" had a great balance of meat and beans, topped with a bit of melted chocolate and (too much) sea salt. 
Service was friendly, attentive and clearly nervous. Had a bit of a mix-up when we paid our check, leaving me a bit salty, but I won't fault them for it here. Shit happens, especially when you're a nervous new server.
Maybe I'm being nitpicky, but all restaurants have to grow to really make it. I have high hopes for Twisted Tail, though, and am really glad they're in our 'hood. Give it a few months and I'm certain things will even out.Went with a party of 8.  Food was good.  Service was a disgrace.  Arrived at 830, main course didn't arrive until 10:30.  Waiter was setting tables instead of accommodating our already aggravated table.  To hold us over at one point a solitary salad was brought out for one of the eight people at the table.  When main course was brought out 7 of 8 people received their entrees.  Last persons entree was a shrimp dish and when it arrived 20 minutes after everyone else's the shrimp were raw.  Shocking service!The best meal I've ever had in Philly. Love this place. Great cocktails. Great service too. Also love that they have shuffle board upstairs.This review is for the downstairs bar, drinks, and service. The place was not crowded, yet the bartender acted as if he just could not be bothered with making our drinks. If you're going to work in an environment in which high end cocktails are advertised, at least pretend as if you enjoy making them.We had the upstairs area booked for a company event in November 2015 and could not have more pleased to have chosen this venue. The space itself is cozy and inviting with hardwood floors, exposed brick, and has a very relaxed vibe. The food was excellent (we ordered the mac & cheese fritters, rice balls, and pulled pork sliders) and our guests were raving about it the entire evening. Loved the drinks menu and highly recommend their specialty cocktails all of which were great (especially the bourbon drinks). Also I want to point out that the staff were exceptionally friendly all night from the event manager, all the servers and bartenders. I will be back any time I find myself in Philly!very disappointed in the food...so let down i can't think of anything else to sayQuick Summary:  Slightly overpriced yet still great bourbon bar with a diverse blues entertainment lineup.
I've been to T3 five times and have eaten there on three occasions.  I've consistently had good food, though I struggle with the price for the value and portion size.  My most favorite foods there so far have been the fried tomatoes (on special), corn fritters, primal chili, crabcakes and blackened catfish.  Prices are too prohibitive on their charcoal menu offerings (with no sides?!?!) to entice me.  Service has always been quick and accomodating and all of my meals have always come out hot with the appropriate condiments.  Great bartending with special emphasis on liquor/cocktail knowledge AND food pairings.  I've never been bored with my bourbons there, and it never fails that I am offered something that I've not tried before.
The decor in the venue is simple yet interesting.  Whiskey barrels serve as seats and foundations for the tables and bar upstairs, though the hard bar seats are hell on the ass with little back support.  The lounge area has inviting couches, a fireplace and shuffleboard.  There's a distinct lack of scuzzy people hanging out and that's almost enough for me to give them an extra star!
Twisted Tail has become a hotspot in the Delaware Valley for blues performers.  House band Mikey Junior and the Stone Cold Blues Band (have competed several years at the International Blues Challenge in Memphis) rock the spot weekly and host the Open Jam on Sunday evenings.  Other local and regional acts have graced the stage, to include Roger Girke, Georgie Bonds and Deb Callahan.  My only whine is that acoustically, the band space is far from perfect. The narrow chamber limits the ability to get a substantial audience in to see the musicians; there are only two tables on the floor up in the front of the room.  The bands are backed by glass windows and surrounded by brick in the long, narrow room; sound vigorously jettisons around in the room.  It would be easy to put some stylish acoustic material in the clamshell where the bands play to control some of the harshness.
My other criticism?  My sense is that the chef and management is overthinking, coming close to ruining the simplicity of southern cooking with nouvelle techniques and ideas.  This isn't a BBQ joint an they should probably stop peddling themselves as such unless they truly change the menu and employ KISS priciples.  In turn, they'd be bringing in far more people and getting far better reviews with easier-to-deliver fare.I'm definitely a fan of this place, but I agree with commentary on the other yelp reviews.
Came in for happy hour, had two abita beers, shared mac & cheese and the pork empanadas. Really great stuff and the total only came out to about $12 each for my friend and I.
I did honestly feel like the bartenders were all in a sour mood. Just asking a question here or there or ordering something from the menu, I felt like I was inconveniencing them. I was also disappointed because so many reviews said they have great popcorn and I was there from 5:15-6:30 and no popcorn was served. We asked about it and they said they would bring it out, and they never did - so womp womp.
I would come back for happy hour, just be prepared to not expect a warm welcome from the people that work here. No idea why the bartenders don't like the patrons!Live music and southern style comfort food? Sign me up! Great drink menu too. Service has always been great and will continue to go back. By far my favorite restaurant in Philly!Craft cocktails, huge whiskey/bourbon list and some really interesting food choices.
Thoroughly enjoyed the grilled corn, grilled asparagus, shishito peppers, and the fried chicken.
Tried several of the cocktails, Summer Solstice was the perfect blend of sweet and heat and a must try drink.This places seems to fly under the radar screen. It's a solid value across the board:  food, prices, atmosphere, wine selection, live music and location in heart of Head House Square.  The food is good, service friendly. The best aspect is the lack of crowds, which can kill the whole brunch concept at many of its competitors.Somehow I had never been here, but that was rectified on a Saturday night.  I met up with a large group and we were able to get a table and enjoy a few drinks.  I had a stout, others had a bourbon flight.  The music was a little loud downstairs to the point of having to walk out for a phone call, but otherwise no complaints.From the moment you meet the host and you server, all are very friendly and helpful. Live music set the perfect atmosphere. Bourbon cocktails, I had the bomber, was outstanding. Cheese and crackers appetizers set the stage for roasted duck with snap peas. For top off, benet's with bourbon Carmel and coffee. Highly recommend and will visit again when in Philly.Go Upstairs - Awesome bar, Awesome live music.  Like, REALLY awesome music. Rockabilly Honky Tonk Blues - Old Dudes that really rock out.  Try the 'Angel's Envy' bourbon.  Heard that food the downstairs is awful.Nice atmosphere, good food & service, very enjoyable lunch.  I also liked that they have gluten free options.Went during restaurant week. Enjoyed the variety of the pre fixe menu. I'm only giving them 4 stars because the service could've been better. I would absolutely return for the hangar steak!Nice location and atmosphere.  Stopped in for a late lunch.  Got chicken sandwich on a bun.  Chicken was fried (I should have paid attention) and too hot to eat.  Brioche bun was stale and had sesame seedsWe had dinner here last night and I was extremely impressed, as it exceeded my expectations from what looks like just another bar.  But once you look at the menu, you realize this is more than just your average pub food.
Tip: Do the 4 course tasting menu for $39.  If you buy an entree and one other item, it's already paid for itself, what a great deal!
There were 4 of us so we were able to try each others' dishes.  I ordered the shrimp in the shell and the presentation was great but it was hard to get the shrimp out of the shells and it tasted a bit fishy.  My friend ordered the octopus and I wish I had ordered that instead.  It was cooked perfectly and had just the right amount of spices to give it some unique flavors but not too overpowering.  I also liked the lamb meatballs, which came with a yogurt sauce so these reminded me of a greek dish.
I do like the live music but we were with a group and wanted to talk to each other, so they seated us in the back corner and it was perfect!I've been here twice - once in the early evening when we needed a quick bite to eat before a movie, and the other late at night on a weekend for a relaxing couple of drinks with friends.
For the first meal, I had the crawfish mac and cheese while my boyfriend had a pulled pork slider. The mac and cheese was served in a skillet - definitely a shareable appetizer, or in my case plenty for an entree. It was well seasoned, with the crawfish being flavorful, but not doused in spice, which I appreciated. The pulled pork slider was great - I prefer sauce to a dry rub, and the bbq sauce on this was delicious. He also had a very large portion. We each also had a beer, and the happy hour price was fair. By the time we left, the live music was still setting up, so we didn't get to see anyone perform.
The second time we went there, was for drinks and some snacks late at night. There was a late night menu, with a good number of options to choose from. I don't remember what other people got, but I remember ordering a side of hush puppies. They were so good, they reminded me of the ones I had in North Carolina. Crispy and fried, but not too dry on the inside. The sauces were also very flavorful. 
As a side, a few of my friends ordered the flights of bourbon - each had only great things to say, and it was especially nice that the server explained each one in detail, and the recommended order in which to drink them.
Bummed that I haven't made it back for any live music nights - they happen pretty frequently!First time here and have had a great time!! 
Joe was super helpful on our wine selection and service. I will most definitely be coming back!Very nice romantic chill setting.  Beautiful decor.  Spacious seating.  They offer chairs with backs if you don't want to sit on the ottoman.  I came here back in November so I can't remember the name of the drink that I loved so much.  I think it was bourbon with cinnamon and ginger.  What ever it was it was strong as hell, my type of drink!  Had to have another.  
I had the Maryland Crab Cakes and the Crawfish Mac and Cheese.  Damn, damn, damn, finger linking good. My friend had the Grilled Shrimp, Brussel Sprouts (infused with bacon) and Corn bread in a skillet.  My bff had the chicken in a bag.  The only one complaint I remember is the Brussel Sprouts.  My friends don't eat pork.  Not sure if it said on the menu or not that it was infused in bacon but thankfully no one got sick.
Will come back the next time I'm in town.First time and really enjoyed it!  Our server was Shelby was super friendly. Owner got involved in the meal preparation for my wife when he heard of her allergies. Very nice bourbon selection as well. The steak was excellent too.The bartenders here are really knowledgeable. The food is delicious. I'm giving it a 4 because it's a little expensive and, sometimes, the bartenders can be a little slow.Stopped in here on a Saturday for a few drinks and really enjoyed it.  
Ordered a bourbon flight - which came in a nice little bourbon tree! Went for the Colonial Iron Flight for $14 - Eagle Rare, Johnny Drum, and Jefferson Straight.  Very tasty!  
The lady had the Red Southern Wine Cooler - tasted very much like Sangira! 
Oh - and the live music of Nate Myers and the Aces was awesome - I'll definitely be coming back! The food looked fantastic too - looking forward to get back there to try the food!I highly recommend Sunday Brunch here.  Every thing we had was great.  Of course we sampled some pours of whiskey.  Parking on a Sunday was not too bad but was meter parking. 
Our server was very attentive.  I forgot her name.I went to the Twisted Tail after hitting a few other places earlier in the evening.  I was having a cool evening with friends and we happy to find this cool place to bring our night to a close.  It was super crowded, but we hung out and stood real close to a few people sitting at the bar and they finally got the hint and we grabbed their seats....LOL
Although it was busy, the bar keep and was patient and friendly.  I enjoyed the energy of the patrons and I think it was because it was different age groups here and that was a nice balance.  
We ordered some appetizers and drinks and both we pretty good.  I had the lamb meatballs and friends had the cheese plate.  
I would go back to really enjoy the atmosphere when it is less crowded.  I also like the neighborhood.I would probably give this place a 3.5, not a 3. We went during beer week so it was a little hectic, but we had a table outside which was nice. There's an extensive drink menu- beer, wine, cocktails, and specialty whiskey and bourbon. I had wine and my boyfriend had a beer and a cocktail. We liked all the drinks! Started with the crawfish mac n cheese and the mixed greens salad. Mac n cheese was bomb and a nice sized portion. Mixed greens were good but nothing special for the price. It weirdly had mint in it too. I got hanger steak and he got the duck breast. Good food but nothing spectacular for the price you're paying. We got 15% off food for checking into yelp and it still seemed overpriced. I probably would come for lunch or happy hour, but for dinner it's not worth the price.I had a great experience at Twisted Tail with my fiance and some friends.
Lamb sliders are delish!!  Crab cakes have no fillers!!
My fiance got the Cowboy Steak.  It was amazing!!  I got the salmon which was decent, but I will definitely be getting the steak the next time we go back.
Drinks are good, but a bit expensive.
All in all - great new restaurant!!  We will be back!Stopped in for opening. Great atmosphere.  Tasty original cocktails. Overwhelming beer/bourbon selection.  
Food is fresh and they have a completely unique menu.  They're still working out the kinks on the food but I think this place is gonna be a hot spot for either a yummy sit down schmancy dinner or chilling out upstairs playing shuffleboard sippin bourbon.From wallpapered walls on which spotlit photos of homes are hung, to plain brick facade, to large blown-up portraits of Joplin, Hendrix, and other classic rockers, Twisted Tail's lower level is somewhat confusing. This confusion extends to the kitchen, wherein the recent chef switcheroo of Michael Stevenson for Leo Forneas has led to the restaurant's refocus from the pure Southern bourbon and blues motif that previously and not very successfully defined them since opening a few years ago.
On a normal day, this would be enough in itself, but I chose to visit during Mother's Day, pretty much the worst day for dining out, especially when you're part of a party of eight. So the service, while not bad, per se, gets a pass. What doesn't get a pass is the prix fixe menu from which we were forced to order. The menu consisted of literally every item of their normal brunch menu, plus a couple of desserts, for a significantly higher price than normal. So say you wanted to order the salad and buttermilk chicken sandwich - $15 on a normal Sunday. $35 on Mother's Day. But you got a choice of beignets or panna cotta for dessert, so I'm sure that warranted the extra markup. Needless to say, I made it a priority to choose the absolute most expensive things on their normal brunch menu.
Another problem with just throwing your entire menu onto a prix fixe is portion sizes. My tuna tartare was simply mixed with the occasional sliced cornichon and served alongside a few potato chips, but it was fresh and a good size to prime to palate for the rest of the meal. Some of my fellow diners got the pigs in a blanket, which were nearly a main course in themselves. After plowing through a few of them, multiple people remarked at how full they were getting, and the main course hadn't even arrived yet. 
The Maryland Crab cake eggs benedict isn't what you'd expect to find in a Southern-slanted restaurant, but I'm glad it's here, because the crab cakes were almost all crab, and went really well with the eggs (poached well for me, though others weren't so lucky), mustard hollandaise, and English muffin. Serving them alongside french fries seemed like they just didn't want to take the time to prepare an additional starch, and I didn't want to take the time to eat the underwhelming slices of potato. 
Fried dough is an easy crowd pleaser, and the beignets hit the spot, even if they were still a little doughy. The gluten-free diner amongst us described her panna cotta as "interesting," and not in a good way, though she seemed unfamiliar with the dish. 
To be honest, the combination of food and company provided an overall positive experience at Twisted Tail, though there were enough missteps to not make it a priority to return. Regardless of the good service from our server, and the great service from the managers in seating us in what must have been a hellish time for them, the food still needs a little bit of refinement.If I could give it no stars, I would. The worst, most favorless meal ever. While they were semi-apologetic, it didn't make up for the food. Just bad.The name "Twisted Tail" attracted me in the first place. I came here with a friend on a Saturday evening. The restaurant was super busy and seemed a bit under staffed. The Twisted Tail had casual vibe, not too loud or anything so you can actually have a conversation with someone. Our server took a while to get our order in (like I said it was under staffed on a busy Saturday). We ordered a few drinks, which seemed to be watered down and pricey for the amount given. They are also limited on domestic beers. I ordered the Pennsylvania trout. I didn't expect it to be a whole fish (head and tail included) when it came out. It seemed to be a bit over cooked. It also came with cauliflower seasoned in a vinaigrette, which was okay. Overall, I don't think its a bad place. I'll have to give it another try on a less busy day.We wanted to listen to some music and have some beers on a Sunday night. TT was the perfect venue.  We only had beers so we can't speak to the food . But we had a really great time listening to an exceptional lineup of Blues artists for the Sunday night Jam.  There was no cover so we spent more money on the drinks and we had a great time.
Was really cool to see the crowd up and dancing too.
We will be back.I'm so glad that my friend who lives nearby Twisted Tail took me here! I will be back because I had a great experience. The service is friendly, the atmosphere is very warm and welcoming and the drink list and menu have something for everyone to enjoy. 
I was here on a Tuesday night and there was an autistic performance from Niki Sbaffoni and she was wonderful! The music really added to the southern flare of the place. 
Their mixed drink menu is amazing. Try the Kool Kat! It's made with fresh cucumbers and pear vodka. It's a perfect refreshing drink. I also ordered a cobb salad and it was delicious. It was in the appetizer section but it filled me up enough to be a full meal. The ranch dressing it was served with was a new recipe house-made and very tasty. 
Go here and you will def. want to go back too!I'm speechless so I'll keep my review short and sweet...
Service, Food, Décor all amazing... My server was attentive and outgoing.  I ordered the Pork shank which was finger licking good; tender and seasoned to perfection.  If you enjoy phenomanel food, this is your place..Flat out wonderful. Everything we ordered was tasty, beautifully arranged, and fresh. My husband had the fried chicken and really liked it. It was tender, juicy, freshly fried, and served over a delicious bed of black eyed peas and rice. It was a tad spicy, but totally delicious! The corn was by far the best ever! It was absolutely perfect. Tender, flavorful, and dusted with cotija cheese. I had the flatbread which was also good, but I'd probably go with another choice the next time we dine here. The side of cornbread was a lovely addition to the fried chicken. Warm, cake-like, and drizzled with fresh honey. If that's not enough to entice you, let me mention the pecan pie we had for dessert. Nothing compares! Although the meal was a little more on the expensive side, every bite felt worth it. Sit outside to avoid the rowdy indoor bar area, or if you're into that, it seemed liked a good scene. Must try it!Bartender told me, best Whiskey selection in Phila....decent pricing (as opposed to indecent pricing.... Whiskey Village, but I  like them too)I got the fried chicken that was on the menu it was pretty good. Very tasty. Worth 21 dollars? I don't think so. Probably worth 15 or something. 
My fiancée and I came at a down time. Wasn't too busy or anything. When I asked the waitress what she would recommend, I felt as though she kind of didn't know what to say and pulled the "they're are my favorite" type of line. 
The environment was loud but the live performance was great.Everything from the live band, the bar, the drink and the food are absolutely amazing! The lamb meatballs were delicious, so was the duck leg confit, and the apple cobbler and rum raisin ice cream that is home made.Super solid choice any day of the week. 
My favorite thing about Twisted Tail is that it's always a good choice. Whether you've got some foodie friends in town and want to impress (but not quite looking for Vetri-level shenanigans) or just looking to catch a great happy hour deal, Twisted Tail should be your go-to place. 
I've enjoyed their lovely dinner menu and service  but more often you'll find me at the bar, enjoying live music and munching on yummy "social hour" bar bites (get the crawfish Mac n'cheese and oysters!!) and drinking super reasonably priced cocktails and $3 beers. They also give you complimentary savory popcorn at the bar. 
They have "social hour" seven days a week and a nice lounge on the 2nd floor if you're really feeling mellow. Just do it.Made a reservation here for Thanksgiving about 2 weeks ago. Yesterday they called and left a message asking that I call back to confirm the reservation. 
When I called back, I was asked for a credit card to hold the reservation and that if I cancelled I would be charged the full amount of the reservation and issued a gift card in that amount. 
The best part was when I then said to cancel my reservation, the girl on the phone said "you mean you don't want to keep your reservation???" As though she was shocked and that how dare I cancel at this top notch restaurant. Absolutely rude and condescending. 
I have no problem using a credit card for a reservation. My problem is that this policy is nowhere on their website, and they all of a sudden need a credit card. In my opinion, they saw a demand for tables and decided to enact this policy. They waited until a week before Thanksgiving so that people would not have a choice. Well guess what - we do have a choice. I booked my table of 8 elsewhere, AND happily left a card number to confirm, because this was made known on the original reservation call.
Bad business. Greed will get you nowhere.My boyfriend and I had dinner here a few weeks ago.. it was amazing! Their house pop corn is super delicious ..we ordered the punch bowl, octopus, fried chicken, wings , and corn bread... we loved it all! Also, the service was great!Bourbon flights are pricey but well worth it if you're a whiskey fan.  Spent a night with live music and a couple of friends going through about 4 different flights, and was not dissapointed.   Whiskey burned good, the band played well, and the general crowd was friendly and comfortable.  
Haven't been able to get to the game tables upstairs, having only gone on weekend nights, but this would make for a fine happy hour stop for those as well.Love the space, drinks and food, but service is not so good. Owner needs to make sure the bartenders 'get it'. Too much chatting amongst the bartenders and not enough attention to the customers. We'll be back but maybe try the upstairs bar next time.Alright. I'm a fan. Came in on opening day for some drinks and food.  Great drinks (cocktails and beer list). We sampled the crawfish
mac n cheese, hoisin wings w/ cucumber sauce and chili. All were delicious.
The chili was a bit strange yet amazing. There's some melted chocolate and salt on top. It's weird yet deliciously pleasant.
They're still working out some kinks but I have high hopes for this place.Great happy hour food and bartenders. Doesn't get too busy on the weekdays or during Saturday brunch. 
Would only change the pickle spears that comes with the chicken sandwiches. They taste like they were brined in just salt.This place is legit. The bartenders know what they're doing - so venture beyond a coke-and-whisky young boozers.  
In addition to cocktails, I am coming back for more squid.  It was DELISH, cooked to perfection, and drizzled in a savory salty ink sauce.  Other dishes on the menu looked just as divine and adventurous.  Definitely a place to feel secure in trying new things.
Whisky and bourbon drinks are of course a must.  I dined with a Southern Bell and she adored the Mint Juleps.  We also took a flight of margaritas.  My favorite was that with Philadelphia Distilling's own XXX corn whisky - mixed with tart and sour fruit puree it was a treat to the palate.
We sat alfresco along Head House Square's cobbled streets. The table was too small for the four of us and the chairs uncomfortable, hence the knock down to 4 stars.Interesting menu that changes frequently. They have a large bar with a decent draft list and a great selection of whisky. Bartenders and servers are professional and friendly.  Try the chicken sandwich or the burger; both are good.Really enjoyed my meal here. No complaints. Had sunday brunch, they had my framboise lambic on the beer list, among many other tasty looking options. The chicken sandwish and cheese plate were the winners at the table, but the mac n cheese also looked awesome.I had dinner here last night with my family. We had a bunch of apps to share including the chicken liver mousse, pulled pork empanadas, kale salad, beet salad, grilled hot peppers, Mac and cheese and veggie burger. The kale salad and Mac and cheese were by far my favorites. I didn't get a chance to try their main course dishes but I will be back!Asked the bartender if I can taste a beer, and he says, "No, it's too expensive." Why go to an upscale place if you are going to be treated terribly.Have been here a few times, but went on Friday and finally tried the food.
We ordered a bunch of things, including the oxtail (comes in a pate form with truffle oil and bread), the pulled pork empanadas (DELICIOUS!), ribs, and grilled asparagus. It was all really good. I wasn't impressed by the oxtail but did love the empanadas and grilled asparagus. In fact, I think next time we will try more of their "charcoal grill" selection (included chicken, lamb meatballs, asparagus, etc.)
Additionally, the live band was great. Limited cider selection (just Angry Orchard and Jack's), but they had a good amount of different beers on tap.Twisted Tail took over the old Kildare's on Head House Square a while ago and I've been meaning to check it out for a good long while.  Recently, I wandered in on a Sunday and was treated to one of the best bar experiences I've ever had.
I went upstairs to the bar and ordered off of their specialty cocktail menu.  The bartender was quick, skilled and friendly.  The mint julep he made me was probably the best version of that drink I've ever had!  My date had some sort of fruity black cherry drink in an up glass that was similarly excellent.
Best of all was the live blues band rocking out on stage.  I was floored when I found out that the band was really an open mic jam session that they host on Sundays.  We were treated to some very good musicians who just showed up to play.  It made for a great atmosphere that I'll likely go back to experience again.
I can't say much about the food, since I only came in for drinks.  Somebody else was eating farther down the bar and whatever he was having smelled excellent.
My only gripe is with the prices, which are on the high side.  The drinks I ordered were on par with the menus at a lot of center city places ($8-10 a drink). However they were certainly high quality and well made, so I can't quibble much.  The food menu did seem on the high side, with most dishes over $15.
Great place though and definitely one I'll return to in the future.We went here for restaurant week 1/17. Four courses for $35 is usually a no brainer for us. I went with the octopus , catfish tacos, pork shank and poached pears. All the portions were larger than I expected. The octopus was very good, well seasoned and cooked perfectly. Catfish tacos, while the fish itself was under seasoned the chow-chow made up for it when eaten together. The pork shank was served with "roasted mushrooms" I think they really should have called them "smoked" mushrooms as they were VERY smoky. I personally love smoky flavors but if my wife would have ordered she would have probably been disappointed in the description as she does not like a ton of smoke. Poached pear with ice cream was nothing really special but it was good. Service was good and we would probably return.Just had a couple of appetizers at the bar, listening to live music. Nice menu with good selection of small plates! Comfortable atmosphere and a cute / safe area of PhillyStopped here for lunch on the way out of Philadelphia and there was no one in the place but us but the food and drinks were delicious the beet salad was amazing. We shared the pastrami sandwich which was deliciousOrdered takeout, possibly the best burger my husband ever had, and the macaroni and cheese I got was so good that it should be illegal. He said that every single ingredient on his burger popped, all distinguishable, and the house mayo is phenominal (I forget what its calles but you can ask for it), not to mention the supreme freshness of every single condiment/topping. It smelled as much as a salad as it did a burger.
We did not eat in, but just from picking up the food we agreed to go back because of the atmosphere, professionalism, courtesy, and care shown by every staff member. We were offered water while they brought our to go bags out, and were able to take in the laid back yet sophisticated embiance.....very impressed.Attended an event and loved the private room for hosting events! The bar tender made an awesome whiskey sour and margherita!! Playing darts and shuffle board was entertaining! Would love to return and try to food items.  The band playing was stellar!Service was excellent.  But when I wanted to pay the bill he went walkabout. Food was very good but we were recommended to have the taster menu.  This was far too much food for two people.  Cocktails were interesting but a theme of the places I have visited recently was that they are too weak.  Get the whiskeyGood place to get a drink over the weekend! They had a good selection of beers and wine. Also on the weekends they have a live band playing on the second floor if you love live bands. The bar on the second floor gets a bit crowded because of the band but go to the bar in the first floor for quicker service. They have a second room on the second floor where you can find easy seating and play shuffleboard.Stopped by this place for a drink last night and I was pleasantly surprised. I had a Cool Kat and it was delicious! Long drink menu as well!Yep, one of the most underrated happy hours in the city.  Now granted, there is plenty of room, not crowded until later, and you are not going to find a host of singles to fulfill your alcohol induced desires.  But to meet a friend in old city, a young, sexy blonde friend who just wants to hang on to your arm and stare into your blue eyes, and to be able to hear each other converse (hey millennials, do you know what 'converse' means), a cool, relaxed happy hour atmosphere is what you have.
$3 beers, and I mean REAL beers like Terrapin Hi-5 IPA (normally $7), and on Thursday The Twisted Tail's version of a classic cocktail like a Manhattan for $5, you kidding me?  The red wine on special blew, so knock yourself out and pay retail for something.  $4-$6 small happy hour food items on the menu.  We had $6 for 6 oysters, tender, nice sized blue points, great cocktail and hot sauces.  (That's a buck-a-shuck, for those counting at home).  The chorizo taco was very nice, very tender, a good split just for a taste.  The spicy salmon poke was average, missing something, some sort of tangy bite I think.  
From the regular menu, the harpoon-caught swordfish was 5 star all the way, with perfectly, and I mean perfectly cooked, snappy snap peas.  The fish so tender and fresh, so melt in your mouth with exceptional taste-bud tingling, one of the best I've ever had.
After drinking a ton of $3 beers, my appetite was still alive, had to try the desserts.  We split two: Pecan Pie with caramel sauce...the crust a little stiff, the insides delicious; and the ricotta beignets...not too sweet, a wonderful cap  to the evening as the live music started.we absolutely adore this place.  we've been back many times for the yummy food, reasonable prices, and delightful staff.While the food was pretty good, the portions were not. The waitress kept saying that the tapas were shareable for 2-4 people, but even when she explained the dishes (ie. you get 3 ribs), it certainly didn't sound like much to share! And we were right, the portions were tiny. The largest portions of what we ordered were the fried chicken and mac n cheese. Being a vegetarian, we got the mac n cheese with the crawfish on the side and then the gnocchi. While these were good, I could've definitely eaten these all by myself! I was sad to share it with everyone else since we ordered things as a table. The gnocchi was not a large dish at all, and luckily not everyone at the table had some since we had other dishes containing meat for everyone else. The sweet potato fries that come with the fried chicken, by the way, are two very large tempura sweet potatoes. So no, you will not actually get any fries. 
The atmosphere is really cool, and if you love whiskey, they have a large variety. But I definitely wouldn't go here to eat, especially if you want to end up full without spending over $40 for yourself.I don't normally review, but my wife and I had a great dinner. The food was excellent we had oysters, empanadas, scallops, burger, and sweet potato fries.  Drinks we had the old fashion, kool Kat and the flight. And the waiter Anthony was very attentive.This is purely a review for the drinks and service. A group of us went on a Saturday night after an event, so it was a big group. The manager tried to accommodate and seat us at a place with a server. However, while waiting to be seated, a few of us explored the bar and found a really cool place upstairs with a shuffleboard table and comfy seating, so we decided to go there. The staff definitely was not happy with that and we could tell. It took about 45 minutes for us to get drinks and when we went to the bar, it wasn't any better. The bartenders were actually rude to us, as well.  We definitely were not happy with our experience there and won't be returning anytime soon. I was only really happy about the shuffleboard, since it was my first time playing and didn't do too bad!I have been here twice now, both times only for drinks, and cannot find anything bad to say. It is a large space, very nice downstairs, with games and music upstairs on the weekends. They have a good beer selection and bartenders make some good mixed drinks, most involving whiskey. The staff has always been very friendly, and the prices are normal for a bar in the city. I would be interested to come back and try their food sometime soon.Having wanted to try this place since August, we finally broken down and got lunch here today.  After waiting a bit longer than anticipated, I was pleasantly surprised.  The buttermilk chicken sandwich was delicious - nicely crisp, and the bbq was pretty spectacular.  The sweet potato fries were a bit burnt, but I'd still like to go back and try more of their menu.
I would also like to point out that everyone working there was super friendly and courteous.If your looking for a good live blues venue in philly, this is the place. They attract some great local talent and the libations and fare are both strong. Enough room to dance, and enough talent to make you want to. No cover - So if you want to cut a rug, make you're way down to head house square on a weekend night - maybe I'll see you there!When my friends suggested we go here for opening night, I was very excited. Twisted Tail sounded like a great little place for some well cooked pig and the whiskey/bourbon bar would be a bonus.
I arrived a little after my party, was greeted and served a drink in a very timely manner and the cocktails were all mixed deliciously. I really enjoyed the Black Cherry Gimlet (...not trying to be miss know it all, but mixing a vodka/gin drink with lime juice does not a gimlet make) and the Time after Thyme. Service in this place is great.
As far as the menu, to say I was disappointed to be at a place that clearly referenced swine in the name but has a total of three menu choices with pig (one has sausage, one has bacon, and the last seems like a pork shoulder) is an understatement. I also can't figure out what made anything on the menu consistent. Crawfish mac and cheese, duck spring rolls, flatbread and onion tarts... what?
I got a salad and fries, because I'm on a diet... (not really.) and all of my friends ordered various appetizers. I know I should have ordered off of the entrees menu, but I wasn't really hungry and my friends and I tend to share anyway. The salad was good, but drenched in sweet dressing  and the fries were good fries, but I feel like I paid $7 for a choice of three dipping sauces that were eh (chipotle ketchup, rosemary mayo, and agave nectar/vinegar). 
The crawfish mac and cheese was bland. The "spitfire chicken wings" were covered in a hoison glaze that tasted only of hoison glaze but had no semblance of cooked over an open fire (maybe it's a stretch to believe the wings were cooked over a fire, but it says SPITFIRE in the title).  My friends liked their veggie options, but I didn't have any interest in trying any more food after the piece of crawfish I had was tough.
After dinner, I tried to order some rye, but they were out of everything. The waiter explained "We just opened and some of these have been hard to find." And that was the final deal breaker for me. I get it, you just opened and the PA liquor board is full of Quakers or whatever, but print up new menus without teasing me.
Will I come back? For the drinks, probably. The food, maybe if they pick up some herbs and spices and find some flavor.This place has only been open for 1 week and has some real potential. The staff is still bumping around a bit but that aside, the bartenders are extremely helpful in making selections and suggestions on food and drinks. The food is great. The cocktails are unique and delicious. The drinks are pricey, well they're center city price ($9-12 a cocktail) but the food is fairly cheap for the quality that you get! There was music upstairs in the "lounge" but we didn't even bother since we were more interested in hanging out and talking - and because the bartenders downstairs were great!
Food tried (all apps):
Crab cakes -$12 gets you 2 mini crab cakes with a kettle cooked chip crust, NO fillers - delicious
Duck Spring Rolls - $8 - Very crispy and fresh tasting but couldn't really taste the duck. The dipping sauce did little to add contrasting flavors - probably wouldn't order again but only because the other items were so much better
Lamb Sliders - hands down favorite. For $10 you get 3 mini lamb "burgers" with a cranberry aioli that complimented the lamb flavor perfectly
Drinks tried (I have no clue what they are called and the drink menu isn't posted on the website!)
VooDoo something or other : I believe this was the cocktail with red wine. Refreshing and warming at the same time. A tart fruity flavor served up with an orange twist. Highly recommended
Something with muddled cucumber : Great description right? Well it's the only drink that comes with muddled cucumber so that should make it easy. This drink is light, refreshing, the pear vodka is not overpowering and adds a sweeter flavor to the mellow and earthy cucumber. It's a perfect summer cocktail and reminds me of a Pim's Cup (very common cocktail in New Orleans). Served in a high ball glass with a cucumber slice.
Overall this is a great new spot that we happened on by chance and I will surely be returning.Well let me start by saying i was very excited to go back to The Twisted Tail for dinner. Last week when we ate brunch it was excellent I had not one complaint. This past Saturday we decided to go to Philly because we were going to the Beer Garden, so we decided to try The Twisted Tail for dinner since we had a great experience for brunch. I was not as happy with the dinner menu compared to the brunch menu. I ordered the hanger steak medium it was okay it came out medium well , my wife ordered the shrimp and grits but the shirmp were more like prongs. Which if she'd known that she would have not have ordered because she doesn't like that. As we're sitting at our table in the corner I look up at the wall and was very turned off by the noticed of large chunks of just dust all over the walls. To me that was a complete turn-off. I would think as a restaurant serving food certain things would be dusted and cleaned. It just seemed like it was in complete different experience from the brunch that we had a week before.Probably one of my favorite restaurant finds in Philly . I am taking the credit but my sister was the one who suggested it. Twisted Tail was such a great experience I want to continue to go back! The food was excellent and the drinks were top notch. We split the bill 3 ways and it was not horrendous and you didn't feel like you were spending so much money on so little food and drink. The host was so friendly and our server was attentive and helpful. I love sitting outside and we were seated outside right away. Not a bad thing to say! Can't wait to go again!We had reservations for a large group for brunch and they were completely unprepared to serve us.  The food took 2 hours to arrive- some of the order was wrong, some arrived cold, and some they completely forgot about. Our waitress seemed embarrassed and avoided our table leaving drinks unfilled for hours at a time.  After complaining, the manager told us it wasn't his fault, and that the person taking our reservation should have only offered us a revised version of the menu. I'm not usually one to complain, but it was probably the worst meal and service I've ever had in a restaurant.Went for brunch, with a side of mimosas. It was great,  ate out door due to beautiful weather. The waiters were very friendly and welcoming. Also pet friendly..perfect SundayI want to love this place! I love the layout, seating options, and the awesome upstairs with fireplace. I love the live music offerings. But the service consistently leaves a lot to be desired. I took a client for lunch on a Tuesday recently, and we were literally the only 2 souls in the place. Still, it took 25 minutes for sandwiches to come out. I tried again last Friday night around 6:30. It was pretty crowded for happy hour and the $5 empanadas were good. However - it was so incredibly smoky in the dining room that we left after an hour and a half. Why wouldn't you invest in a restaurant quality vent in the kitchen? It was clearly an issue and no one was addressing it. The bartenders were nice but clearly not experienced. $16 crab cake "entree" was extremely small. Veal meatballs were not cooked through. We would have liked to stay for more drinks but the smoke and the value made it not worthwhile.Decided to give the twisted tail another try because the happy hour was so great the first time around.
BF and i stopped in for dinner on a friday night. There was live music and friendly vibes all around. We ordered a few things off the menu to share:
Crispy flatbread - this is really unlike anything we have had before and didn't really hit home for either of us. I wouldn't order this again, but not to say that others wouldn't like it. Apparently it is one of the most popular menu items
Lamb chops - bf really enjoyed these
Bbq ribs - we both loved these
Crispy fried chicken - soooooooooo good
We also ordered a few specialty cocktails and had the signature rosemary & thyme popcorn which was quite delicious.
The dinner menu is on the pricier side, but if you're not into that I would recommend swinging by for happy hour. Those prices are unbeatable. 
Staff was great. Food was great. Overall good experience. Will likely be back for HH soon!I enjoy coming to eat here. They have two servers who are great and care extremely knowledgeable about pairings. The kids love their chicken sandwiches. The staff here is great. They take care of us every time we are here.Stopped in after a dance session with friends. Daniel's gorgeous blue eyes had us in a trance. He was such an awesome host. We even checked out his website (he's an artist). We couldn't get enough of him. I can't even remember our waitress' name since we kept calling for him. Anyhoo I guess I should write something about the food.  The steak & eggs were delicious!  My friends had the fried chicken with sweet potato waffles, stuffed french toast, & crabcakes. They also enjoyed their meals. Will definitely be back, & not just to get lost in Daniel's eyes. LOLDriving from Maryland to Philadelphia for a birthday dinner at The Twisted Tail. I have to say the food was phenomenal. Please when you come ask for the server Shawn he is absolutely wonderful.My husband really enjoyed this place. This was our first time in Philadelphia and would highly recommend this place to anyone. We were not disappointed with our food at all.Nice place. Loved the music that was playing upstairs. I think it's a good place for drinks and appetizers but not a dinner spot. We got the $39 4course special where u pick one item from the grill, appetizer, entree and dessert sections. The options are different as they have octopus and duck but everything we tried was really bland. The big issue I had was how long it took to receive our food. The place was not crowded but we spent almost three hours there with the food wait. They did apologize and compliment us with a free appetizer which was nice but the long wait was unacceptable. If I do go back it will only be for drinks and the music.I was surprised to see the restaurant looking pretty desolate when we arrived there on a Saturday night at 7:30. I had made a reservation, but we didn't need one. 
I rate this as high as I did because the service was great, and the food was very yum !
I split the crawfish mac and cheese with my bf, delicioso !!! The hushpuppies were also great and paired well with the sweet vinegar dipping sauce. - :)
I had the chili with the white beans and chocolate on top - very good. A little salty, but still tasty.
I tried the whiskey cidar, yum. I also tasted a whiskey recommended to me by the waitress. - She knew her stuff. 
It looked like there was a huge party upstairs, and it got a little more crowded after we were seated, but I still expected a larger crowd in the beginning. 
I'll definitely go again.This was the 3rd time I've been to Twisted Tail and it has yet to disappoint me. I took my parents here for Easter brunch and we had a delicious meal. I had the chicken and waffles...super yummy. The chicken was fantastic and they had caramalized pineapple on top--great touch! Mom had red velvet pancakes and dad had the chicken club--both of them enjoyed it. The fries are great--love the old bay seasoning. The thing I like about this place is that the menu changes and they have great specials. We skipped drinks and a cheese plate this time. The other times I have been here, the staff has made great recommendations on both. Seating is great both indoors or out (I prefer outdoors for the people watching). The staff is fantastic. Great service, never have to ask for refills on anything. And apparently they have live music here too. I'll be back to check it out again. Definitely becoming a favorite spot of mine!This place was very neat. We got to sit at these cool sliding tables that they could adjust to party size (smarty pants) and the decor was pretty quirky and fitting to the style. We had come for restaurant week and everything we ordered was great. None of the plates were overwhelmingly delicious but everything was done well. I know, restaurant week is not the best time to assess a place's potential though. Our server was very sweet and professional, and everything came out in good timing. 
We tried the octopus which had a good developed flavor and presentation but not the best cooked octopus I've had. The squash soup was probably my favorite with delicious dumplings in them. All our entrees were very good. Couldn't pick a favorite between short rib, fried chicken, and pork. Beignets were good but tough to call them an actual beignet over a donut hole. 
I would definitely come back! They have live music frequently so if you want to grab a good bite, some good whiskey, and have a band right next to you, this is the place.Definitely becoming one of our favorite restaurants!
We ate here around Christmas and made a reservation. We arrived early so we went to the bar and realized it was happy hour. From 5-7 they do $3 drafts and 4$ house wines, the selection is great, and the $4,5,6 apps are amazing! We were able to order a few apps before dinner at the bar, and then we went to sit at our table. The dinner was good, and we each ordered an old-fashioned with dinner. Delicious!
We went to TT this past weekend and grabbed seats at the bar for HH and we're blown away again by the pricing and quality of the apps. The crawfish mac & cheese is delicious, and we also ordered the pork empanadas, chicken sandwich and mussels. All very good. 
The staff is helpful and were quick to clear plates, and the bartenders provided really awesome recommendations for drinks, including recommending a bourbon for us for an old fashioned (jefferson). The atmosphere is casual but has really nice vibes, and it is in such a great convenient location. We will definitely be back!Really, really cute bar areas (first and second floor).  Second floor is colder, but that's where the nice bands place.  Great drink offerings, reminds me of a speakeasy style.    
Rating is only for drinks, didn't try food yet.  The menu looked great, on the more expensive side.  
Will be back!We went not quite knowing what to expect, but arrived and told our waiter that we wanted good food. He was very helpful and immediately gave good suggestions. We proceeded with open minds. We ordered several appetizers, a couple of bourbon flights and an entree. All very solid. The chef came out and was eager to hear our feedback which was resoundingly positive.Not great service. I am fairly certain my salad was never put in because it came out way later than everyone else's entrees and I had to ask the server about it. I got it a few minutes after asking the server. Meanwhile everyone else at my table didn't eat their food as they were waiting for me to get my dish. No one came over and checked on us or noticed that 4/5 people at my table had dishes in front of them and weren't eating. 
The food itself was okay but a little oversalted.I'll make this brief. I've been here a few times and let me say it's a great experience except for tonight. Upon our arrival we waited a bit to be seated, the host was no where to be found. So after we were seated our server was the bartender, and if its packed well... you do the math. Rarely seen our server and I asked for another. Other than that appetizer was cold, no utensils, cloth, plates, refill on water. Had to ask for them. Bartender came back a little annoyed asking what the other server told us for me to ask for another?!  After I asked for a drink to be made strong he said he'd get in trouble if he'd change the recipe. eh..
Now for the entree, shrimp skewers...so your supposed to get 3 shrimps per skewer. I noticed there were 2 shrimps, one of them cut in half  making up for the third shrimp?!!! Nice. Service was horrible no fault from the server ,I only blame management for being seriously understaffed. Service bad, bad tip. 
BTW just curious, Its called "The Twisted Tail" , why is there a lack of pork on the menu.This was a super happy accidental find!
I came here for an Arts & Drafts crafting event on a whim with a few friends and it turned out to be an excellent choice for beering, eating, and crafting! They were so wonderfully accomodating for our group, gave us our own space and anything that we needed for the event to be a success. 
When I saw they had crawfish mac n cheese I simply HAD to dive in and it was all that I had hoped it would be. It was creamy, cheesey, and full of lots of succulant pieces of crawfish. It was topped with a nice panko buttery crust that really brought a warm homey feel to the dish. 
Of course I couldn't keep the mac n cheese to myself so being the food sharer I am I was still hungry. I laid my little peepers on the duck & apple flatbread and again I was surprised. What a refreshing delightful dish! The apples were sliced thin on top of tender pieces of duck smothered with some tangy goat cheese. It all meshed so well together. The creamy cheese, the tender meat and the snap of the sweet apples again brought me to a wonderfull warm place inside! (it could of also been their amazing beer selection as well since I had QUITE a few of those in between)
Definitely a great late night bar food place for sure!did not actually eat at the restaurant, but i did enjoy the wide array of whiskeys! bar staff was extremely polite and they even had live entertainment on a tuesday night. highly recommended!This spot was our jam back in the day when it was Kildares. On a tour of of old haunts in honor of my husband's recent birthday we decided to stop by despite being a bit super partial to the old residents. We were actually quite impressed with the renovations and the new vibes! 
The place is super hip and obviously inspired by music. I loved the photos of my old pals Janis and Jimi downstairs, and certainly the guitars and old school blues concert posters on the walls upstairs in the "juke joint". 
We came for date night and enjoyed live music by  Big Soul Chicken band. (Check their site for a listing of upcoming performers.)They were awesome and played their original tunes as well as classics we all know and love. Perfect place to come whether you want it as background music or more of a concert/dancing type of night. 
 While the "juke joint" wasn't nearly as nitty and gritty as the authentic ones I've been to on the back roads in Mississippi and in the south in general, it certainly gave me a bit of that area I desire from time to time. There's not enough live music places in the city in my opinion. Let alone free to enter ones! This place is a great find! 
It's super groovy, dark and sexy feeling up in the juke joint. Lots of candles and even a fireplace. Perfect for a night out with my love! 
The cocktails were awesome and ran about $26 for two before gratuity. We chose the Lynchburg Basil Lemonade (Jack Daniels, Fresh Basil, Homemade Southern Lemonade) and the Black Cherry Gimlet (Black Cherry Vodka, Vanilla, Lime, maraschino Cherry). I honestly cannot choose a favorite! Both were carefully crafted, alcohol filled and absolutely delicious! Whiskey and Bourbon are obviously their specialty and I really loved the barrels scattered about doubling as side tables! The beer list was rather extensive also! 
The menu, like the entire place, is influenced by the South. They have a late night menu, kids menu, brunch, lunch and dinner. We can't wait to return perhaps for brunch with the kids or "social hour" as they call it. There's daily specials during that 5-7pm period with $4 wines, $3 brews and $4-$6 smaller plates. The mushroom and kale salads were calling my name and the crawfish Mac and cheese sounds right up hub's alley. 
Super fun find!! 
Kiosk parking. Lots of spots. There's also an hourly lot under Abbots Square.Not sure I'd even give 3 stars if I compared the food to the other reviews. Flavored popcorn was barely that. Cheese board was excellent but let's face it, it's a cheese board. The crawfish Mac n cheese may have had as little as 6-8 pieces of crawfish and was dry (as compared to the Mac without crawfish my kid had which was actually very cheesy/creamy as one should expect). Biggest disappointment was the fried chicken -- barely coated and not crunchy which is the texture I'd expect. Some faint honey flavor but no spices to offset the sweet. This is the best fried chicken in Town? Big disappointment given the many other great restaurant choices available to us in Philly.TT is always accommodating of us dancers on Wednesday nights, letting us take up their floor and put on a show with the amazing Mikey Junior band and soulful blues tunes. They have a great selection of drinks, although few noteworthy concoctions, and generally helpful staff. Better just take it on the rocks.What happened to you, Mac and cheese? I've been coming here for years and this year it has changed. Just not as good as it used to be. Love the thyme after thyme, it will always by my favorite drink in the city but your food has gone downhill the past few years.I was invited by a friend to see a jazz band here a little while back.  I didn't know anything about it but when I got there I was surely impressed.  The Twisted Tail is a two story bar that's giving off that super hip vibe throughout.  There is plenty of space, including many tables, a long bar, and some smaller tables near the stage.  I like that the place was nice and busy but not overly crowded.  
I ordered drinks and food.  The food was super delicious!  I really enjoyed the mac and cheese and empanadas.  The food is a bit pricey, but worth it if you don't mind splurging.  They also have a great beer selection, something that I always look for in a good bar.  On top of that, the band was great and I was happy to see them.  Will definitely be back.The food was phenomenal! As were the drinks. This was a Yelp find. We were visiting from
Seattle and found this cute little restaurant.One of our favorite spots in the city. Food, drinks and service are consistently great and the atmosphere rocks! We hosted a semi private pig roast party here last month and they did a great job accommodating our group of 20+. Also catch Mikey J when he's playing there. Always a great time!For a casual evening out with colleagues, we decided that pub food would be a great way to go.  Our expectations were exceeded start to finish.  Great service, a visit from the owner TWICE to see what we thought of the food and expertly concocted cocktails added to the already incredible experience.  Live acoustic blues added to the charm.
If you're there, and you're lucky enough to indulge in their prix fix menu (we visited near the end of restaurant week), try as much as you can.  Highly recommended:
Thyme after Thyme (gin, lemon & ginger perfection)
Charcoal grilled corn with jalapeno jam
Flat Iron Steak
Ricotta Beniegts
You cannot go wrong with your server's recommendations.  And for the record, George is an outstanding owner/host.We were on our way to the TLA to see a show. We looked for a place nearby to the venue and stumbled into this restaurant as we were walking from the garage. 
We thought it was going to be a pub but we were completely wrong when we walked inside. 
When they handed us a cheese menu I was sold. 
Our waiter was fabulous and helped us to decide on cheeses that we would enjoy based upon our tastes..which was spot on. We had homemade popcorn to munch on and the cheese board presentation was adorable with homemade apple butter that was delish. 
We opted for the gnocchi with chanterelles and basil purée, crab cake and crawfish Mac and cheese. 
The gnocchi were some of the best I've ever had. 
The only regrets I have are 1) being too stuffed to be able to try dessert and 2) not being able to take home leftovers due to heading directly to a show. 
Absolutely need to go back here again. Worth it.As Center City Restaurant Week was coming to a close, we realized that our busy week had prevented us from participating. Attempting to make reservations was tough, last minute on a Friday, but The Twisted Tail was able to accommodate. 
The restaurant was very lively, we were seated right away. We started with cocktails from a nicely extensive drink list, and we're both extremely pleased! 
We both ordered from the restaurant week menu. Overall the meal was excellent, but a few dishes REALLY stood out! The soft shell shrimp, crawfish mac & cheese, short rib were all PHENOMENAL! We both finished with beignets, which were some of the best I've had outside of New Orleans!
Great experience, we're actually considering going for brunch this weekend.The staff was great. This was the only thing that was the night I went. A few friedns and I were looking for somewhere to celebrate Mardi Gras with food, drinks and a mature atmosphere. We did our research and decided on this place. Our intentions were to just sit at the bar and order our food from there. The bar was packed (obvious, no problem). The host found us a table in 10 mins. The rule was to order from Mardi Gras menu only. We got drinks first. The beers were piss warm and the Martinis were watered down. The food, OMG!!! Fat Tuesday is to get fat before lent!!. I got the crawfish etoufee. He was about a scope of rice and etoufee w/ about 3 tiny crawfish for the cost of $20. Another friend got the shrimp Po Boy that was just fried shrimp and lettuce, no flavor. Another got the roast beef Po Boy, that turned out to be a gravy Po Boy. We were highly disappointed and ran out the place. Wouldn't recommend at all and would not give a second try.Four stars my ass.   Crayfish Mac and cheese = flavorless.  And where the hell was the Crayfish?   Hangar steak tasted like ground beef gone bad.   Chicken liver mousse = not inedible but mostly lacing in flavor.   We came here starving. But we ate a few bites of food and $60 later walked across the street to wawa's for better food.We stumbled on this restaurant when we were looking for a late-night bite to eat. We ordered the cauliflower flatbread, fried chicken, and kale salad. All were delicious. The flatbread was unique - roasted cauliflower with yellow raisins and a sweet relish all on thin flatbread. The fried chicken was tender, but still with a crunchy crust. And we received a half chicken. Well worth it! The kale salad was delicious, too. Nice ambiance and a great take on a "bar menu."I love their mac and cheese even though it could come off "bland" to some people. Their crab cake is also very nice and intricate, love their cheese board that came with candied walnuts and apple jam, but then I came back and ordered fried chicken and it was disappointing. Why would you fry a huge chicken breast though... Very dry and weird. When I came back, the waiter decided to check on my id. I don't bring it around since it's in a form of passport and I forgot how strict Philadelphia alcohol law could be. But anyways... I would definitely come back for the crab cake and cheese board. Never for the fried chicken.$3 beers and $5-6 apps on Sunday? I'm in!
Ordered crispy flat bread $5 which was delish, maple ale & nitro stout ($3 ea on HH which is 5-7 on Sundays) and we are satisfied. 
Bartender needed to be waved down so not really on top of things but wasn't unkind.
Huge inside bar area that's very dark so great for a crappy weather day or eating and drinking on the cheap without being in the hood.  
Not memorable, so don't go out of your way, but if you're in area worth a stop.Came here for happy hour with a small group and was greeted with less than friendly bar service. I called ahead to see what time their happy hour was and they said drink specials start at 5, but food deals start at 4. When we sat down at maybe 20 of 5, and asked for the happy hour menu, the bar tender says it doesn't start until 5. After mentioning that we heard food started at 4 for food, he rolled his eyes and begrudgingly gave us a food menu, then ignored us for 10 minutes. Maybe he was having a bay day, my parents enjoy the bar at Twister Tail, so I was surprised. 
I thought the food menu was typical bar food, and was a little confused by crawfish mac and cheese being on the menu in the middle of winter, since it's not really the season for crawfish. Two of my friends ordered it, and said it was yummy though! My boyfriend ordered the chorizo taco, which was literally just hunk of sausage in a tortilla. I ordered the crab fritters, which were tasty and good to share. Next time, I would order the poke which looked good as well. Not a ton of options for vegetarians.
There are solid wine and beer/cider options but the happy hour specials and service are nothing to write home about. I'll definitely give it another try for dinner at some point as there is a deal for Yelp Check Ins that does not work for happy hour.Whiskey/Bourbon bar! If you're looking for a great restaurant to try flights of whisky, this the place to be.
The ambiance at Twisted Tail is great (so long as it's not too busy). Really my only complaint would be the noise when boisterous groups are eating. If you're into gastropubs/gastrobars, you should give TT a chance - I was lucky enough to go during Boston's restaurant week; their peppers, mac n' cheese, scallops, baked beans were all great - there's also an excellent selection of beers.Absolutely deserving 5 stars for their food, delicious, nothing to complain, except maybe the service which was a tad bit slow, but guessing that it was a beautiful Saturday evenibg, with lot of people enjoying dinner out it was something to be expected. So they don't loose any stars for that. We t with hubby and a bunch of friends & since their food is tapas styles, we got to savor and enjoy many dishes including desserts and coffee. We ordered a wide range of dishes from vegetarian, seafood, chicken, steaks, tartare and everything was amazing, can't wait to go there again. 
Oh just an heads up their wine tours n whiskey/ scotch shots are very, very small so be ready to spend some extra dollars on your drinksWe went straight to the juke joint upstairs so can't comment on the restaurant scene on the first floor. If you are looking for live blues accompanied by great drinks and decent food, this is the place. Of the appetizers we shared, my favorite was the crawfish mac and cheese. We had the 1 bourbon (four roses), 1 scotch (pig n nose), 1 beer flight. The bourbon had a nice oak essence to it, the scotch had a maple zest, and the barrel aged Scottish ale was a perfect palate cleanser for a smooth transition from the bourbon to the scotch.My son and I are gluten-free and very sensitive.
While they do not have a dedicated GF menu, their servers are very knowledgeable as well as their cook-staff.  
They have a variety of options which are GF, and several which they can make GF upon request.  
Their choices are very unique and very tasty.  Their rosemary popcorn for a starter, as well as their homemade sauces (all GF) were very tasty as well.
We would highly recommend this to others.This is primarily based on drinks and the upstairs bar.  I have not eaten any food here yet.
I think this place has a cool vibe and I could see myself coming back here.  There is ample space so you don't feel cramped and the service staff seemed quite professional.
We saddled up at the downstairs bar for a little bourbon tasting.  They have a pretty extensive bourbon menu which I was impressed with.  I went with the Evan Williams Single Barrel which was pretty awesome.
After the bunch of us were about to leave, the bartender asked us if we had been "upstairs" yet.  Apparently upstairs they have a whiskey bar, live band, awesome lounge area, shuffleboard and darts.  Yeah, the upstairs is where it's at in this spot.  We ended up staying decently late watching people dance (rockabilly) and playing some mean shuffleboard.
The menu looked good enough but I can't comment on food quality.  I'll get here soon and post an updated review.My boyfriend and I went here for restaurant week and we loved it! I adore that they give you complimentary popcorn to start and the inside of the restaurant is beautiful. We each loved our four course meal, especially the braised short rib and the cauliflower flatbread.
Our only "issue" was the chairs at the tables. We were at a two person table, one side was a booth and the other was a chair that looked like a stump. There was no back to the chair and my boyfriend said it was really uncomfortable for his back and bottom. I'm not sure if they only had that seating for restaurant week so they could accommodate more people or if it is always like that. We would love to come back, but the seating made the experience less enjoyable.Holy amazeballs. What more could you want?! An outstanding selection of bourbon/whisky/scotch. Delicious food.I really wish I could give this place negative stars based on both service AND food.
We arrived at 7:30 pm on Saturday before a nearby concert.  We walked in and the place looked pretty cool compared to what it had been.  We found two seats at a half crowded bar.  The bartender seemed nice enough at first.  She was pleasant and offered us a menu.  
We ordered a large bottle of hard cider to share and I asked about gluten-free items.  The bartender said she would ask the chef and get back to us.  Roughly 10 minutes later, she came back to us and asked if we were ready to order.  We reminded her that we were waiting to hear about gluten-free items.  She remembered and went back into the kitchen.  About 10 minutes later she came back, and full misinformed about gluten intolerance (told me to stay away from anything with potatoes), started guiding me through the menu.  I corrected her, she went back into the kitchen, came back out, and gave me an updated version of her recommendations.
We ordered the wings (for the BF), fries, crab cakes (no filler, coated in potato chips), and a salad.  
Ten minutes later, she checked back in on us and I ordered a black cherry gimlet, which looked really tasty.  Twenty minutes later (still no food), she stopped by to ask how we were doing.  We reminded her of the drink order and she made it without charging us.  It was actually quite good.
Our wings, fries, and crab cakes were solid, but uneventful (until later - you'll see).  
Still no salad.  We asked about the salad and were told it was on its way.  Close to 10 minutes later, no salad.  It was 9 pm.  We had been there for 1.5 hours.  So we asked for our check, hoping to catch the headliner at the concert.  As we received it, the salad arrived.  We had to pass.
We headed to the concert about 2.5 blocks away.  As soon as we entered, the BF felt terrible.  He left the venue and headed to my place (another 2 blocks).  Before he could even make it there, he puked in the alley.  The chicken wings had become eventful.
The worst part of the whole thing was that the bartender kept telling us the place was new and "still working out the kinks."  It's pretty clear they have more than a few "kinks" to work out.My husband and I, along with another couple, came here on a Friday night during restaurant week.  What we noticed right away was SPACE. LOVED IT!  It was just so nice to enjoy our own conversation for once in Philly! Perhaps because it was restaurant week the food was just not fantastic. For this I give three stars. HOWEVER, the drinks is what blew me out of the water! Never have a been to an establishment that has flights for beer, cocktails, whiskey, and bourbon!  The list is never ending! The special drink for the evening was a hot cider served with infused bourbon and cinnamon. Delightful. This place is king for infused drinks.  I'd go here with a focus on drinks, food second. I will go back and try the food again.The service here is outstanding but the food is mediocre.  Heads up, food is served tapas style.  The octopus was ok, I got sick from the shrimp and grits and the corn bread tasted like it had lavender in it.  They give you popcorn instead of bread and ours was stale.  Way overpriced for the portions.Went there for a date and it was a perfect setting. Food was great but a little pricey, but nothing outrageous. Service was very quick and friendly. Would definitely go back.
Cheese curds are so good, flatbread was also great!Haven't been down in this part of town for a while, but we picked it because they had a blues band and what i had heard was a decent cocktail list- the perfect finale to our cocktail pub crawl. 
Good vibe upstairs, decent band - and the cocktails were....wait for it...  good! score! Bartenders were experienced and i saw good attention to detail in spite of a hectic pace and large crowd. Any number of decent creations, including a sazarac that was well executed. 
The surprise was the food - ordered the lamb sliders (yum), bacon wrapped shrimp (pricey but large and good), and flatbread (crazy good). 
Yup- Good enough to draw an encore engagement the next time i want some music with that drink.They have Bourbon Flights.  They let you build your own.  If there is anything else I need to say to convince you, then maybe this place isn't for you.  But I will continue.  
They have a good draft selection, a creative food menu, and did I mention the flights of Bourbon?  The Bourbon flight comes in a holder.... 
I've only had a few items on the menu besides the Bourbon flights (I think I mentioned the flights already, but in case I didn't... they have flights.  Of Bourbon.) but everything has been delicious that I've tried.  Last night we had crawfish mac & cheese, 3 different cobblers (I was going to say flight again, but I don't want to detract from your attention to the Bourbon flights), and I took some fried pickles and a french fry from some strangers.  They were nice (both the strangers and the food.)  
Upstairs they have shuffleboard and darts.  Only downside is that on the weekends until 12/12:30 they have live music upstairs and in order to play shuffleboard, you have to pay a cover because of the live music (the only thing preventing a 5 star review).  I've been told that if you order food you can go upstairs without a fee - but I got distracted by the flight of Bourbon and didn't test the theory.  
Definitely check this place out.Great place!  Ambiance is everything and this place has it.  Amazing service our server(Steve) was super friendly, helped us with our selections, and made sure the food was perfect.This and The Dandelion are my favorite places in Philadelphia. Phenomenal whiskey selections, great round bar, decadent seafood, and if you're friendly to the bartenders they will make your experience absolutely perfect. I make it a point to visit this restaurant everytime I'm in the area -- worth it everytime!What a Wonderful Place
This place has a great, cozy atmosphere.  The bartenders are extremely nice and friendly.  My group and I ordered the cheese plate, short ribs, veggie burger and duck.  Everything was very good.  My only negative comment is that the veggie burger was not seasoned well and was bland.  However, the highlight was the roasted cauliflower.  THAT was amazing!If you're a bourbon fan, this is a great spot. They have a wide selection of bourbons, a strong dinner menu with an eclectic selection, and a friendly wait staff. The location is great and the environment is very cool. My only complaint... the chairs. Perhaps the most uncomfortable chairs I've ever sat in.We gathered for a late Friday drink and were pleased to find the bar definitely populated, but not too crowded. The servers and bartenders seemed a little slow whether we were at a table or at the bar, but I was finally able to order the Sidecar off the menu and loved the sugared rim and drink.With an impressive selection of whiskies and spirits, The Twisted Tail SHOULD be an impressive bar...It SHOULD be exciting to experience the inspired decor and awesome live music...the bar SHOULD be an awesome place to be.  
But it's not.
There are not enough bartenders and the ones behind the bar are not very attentive. They mess up drink orders and are slow as molasses.  Once you have your drink...if you can get one...there are lots of things to do, play pool/shuffleboard in a room paneled with cowhide, or lounge by the fireplace.  As long as you don't walk out before you get your drink, this place SHOULD be fun.Had an amazing, food-lovers evening with my hubby at the Twisted Tail in September!
Where do I start in praising this place?  I'll start at the begining...which was a little rocky.  We had a reservation, but they could not accommodate us at that time (even though there were empty tables), so we had to sit at the bar and wait...  We were a little irked but received good service at the bar, and the hostess was attentive is updating us on when we would get a table.  Even after being seated, the staff remained attentive, checking in to make sure the rest of the evening went well.
After we finally got seated, the waiter was excellent and the food was event better. We went during restaurant week and took advantage of the 4 course pre-feed menu. We ate: pork belly with greens, meatballs with Bourbon sauce, crawfish mac 'n cheese, Maryland crab cakes, and flatiron steak.  We ended the meal with beignets and a bourbon flight- yummy!!!
The atmosphere and decor are excellent at the Twisted Tail.  After dinner we headed upstairs to the other bar, where a local band was playing Stax Record label-style R&B (think Otis Redding). We listened and danced for a while before going home completely satisfied with our Twisted Tail experience!Just to preface - this is a Restaurant Week review. 
Pros: waitress was super knowledgeable about drinks. Hostesses were very friendly and accommodating. The food that we did receive was delicious (regardless if it was not what was advertised.) Ambiance is a lot of fun. Tried to make up for mishap. 
Cons: Our meal took 2 hours. Our waitress seemed overextended and stressed out. They ran out of 2 of the options from the Restaurant Week menu. The crawfish Mac and cheese that they are known for literally had a fingernails worth of crawfish compared to the pictures you see on here. Charged for sparkling water without letting us know. 
I would come back here potentially one more time to see if it were just a Restaurant Week issue but to be honest it's not ok to wimp out BECAUSE it's Restaurant Week which seems to be the trend. There are so many places that are doing food and service so top notch that it's hard to recommend but the ambiance here is fun and different. We'll try again.Great place to throw a party! Live music upstairs. There's a separate room with a shuffle board, darts, and a fire place. Two bars with great bourbon and beer lists. The food was delicious as well. I highly recommend the mac and cheese, pulled pork tacos, beef cheeks, and the pork duo.Southern cooking...I had salmon sprinkled with sea salt on a bed of greens.  Not much going on there but nice beer selections.  Dessert was a spicy sweet potato ice cream, ewww is the only way I can describe it.  Way to spicy for a dessert!  I don't think I would be going there for food.Fresh, quality, unique, and varied menu items, outdoor seating, top-notch customer service, and live music; my Twisted Tail experience was 5+ stars. Situated in the South Street Headhouse District, there's no shortage of eats, shopping, and people watching. I can't imagine a better mid-week wind-down than a beautiful, warm evening sitting outside, eating my weight in small plates and chatting with friends - and The Twisted Tail provided just that. Keep in mind, this is not your typical greasy pub-grub menu, but if you're willing to step outside of your comfort taste buds for the sake of freshness and flavor - this place is a good bet.
This place is an ideal spot for a date or small group of friends. There were so many different, unique flavors presented on their short but encompassing menu, and with incredible suggestions from our server we ordered a feast - Spanish Octopus, Lamb Meatballs, Roasted Carrots & Burrata, Big Eye Tuna, and Swordfish. This was the absolute best culinary decision I've made in a while. Instead of coming out all at once, the plates were perfectly timed so we were able to take our time to enjoy flavors and conversation in between. Everything was spectacular. I'd never had octopus, and I was keen to try it. It was very tasty and a better texture than I anticipated. It is daunting to see a giant charred tentacle plated in front of you, but I was able to look past it after my first bite. 
Everything was excellent, but my two favorite dishes (I can't pick just one!!!) were the burrata and the swordfish. The burrata and carrots was rich but light, flavorful in all the right ways. The swordfish was juicy, buttery, and cooked to absolute perfection served with snap peas that looked and tasted like they were freshly picked. 
The live music, the warm breeze and outdoor seating, and the incredible service of the wait staff made for an incredible evening. To top the cherry, I got 15% off of our food bill thanks to simply checking-in on yelp! My friends and I polished five incredible plates of quality food for $60 - split three ways for $20 apiece. Honestly, it feels like robbery. 
I cannot WAIT until my next visit to The Twisted Tail. I've been told they rotate their menus with the seasons, so I'll be sure to try new things next time I visit (along with the burrata).The food is good, as are the drinks.  It is an interesting menu.  There is some room for improvement, but it was a great meal (the bar is pretty awesome as well).  We were lucky enough to be there during restaurant week, so we were able to try a 4 course meal for a reduced price.  
Charcoal grill (small plates): The octopus was very good, cooked and seasoned well.  I am not the biggest fan of fennel, but it tasted great with the grilled seafood.  The grilled clams were not as good.  The big problem for me was the chorizo.  I LOVE chorizo, but here is was overpowering the clams, and was way too greasy for this type of dish.  I think the clams would have benefited from some simplicity the way the octopus did.    During this course, they also gave us popcorn seasoned with rosemary bacon drippings, this is terrific, and worth coming for on it's own.  
Appetizers: The pulled pork and cheddar empanadas were very tasty and would be great to pick on with drinks.  I have had too many empanadas where the insides were dried out and am happy to report that this is not the case here.  I have seen on yelp a lot of people raving about the crawfish mac and cheese.  I have to disagree, it was nowhere near cheesy or spiced enough.  What should be a rich comfort food was bland and forgettable.  
Entrees: First of all, I was super excited to try the shrimp and grits here, but they were sold out for the day.  We ordered the duck breast and the pork chop.  Both were pretty good.  While duck holds a special place in my heart, I think the pork chop was actually better, the herbs and sweet potatoes were a terrific match.  The duck was tasty.  It did not have a crunchy crust to it, which I missed, but was otherwise well cooked.  The figs with the duck were a nice touch.
Dessert: The beignets were okay, they were served with cinnamon and sugar rather than powdered sugar as I expected them to be.  The way that a warm beignet almost melts the powdered sugar is the best part about the dessert. I thought the blood orange panna cotta was pretty terrific, definitely choose this as your dessert.  The cream and sharp flavor of the blood orange pair perfectly.
Drinks: The Southern Wine Cooler is basically sangria with bourbon in it.  They are refreshing and pack a punch.  We tried a couple of their other whiskey drinks, but this was the big highlight.  
Service: While the night wasn't mistake free, I appreciate that everyone that we came in contact with was friendly and apologetic about any mistakes or minor inconveniences.  This place makes it clear that they value your business, and will do what they need to to keep it.  
BAR:  Plenty of space, good live music, especially blues, comfortable seating.  They have darts, shuffle board, and some couches on the other side of the bar.  
I absolutely will return, to try the shrimp and grits, as well as the chicken and waffles for brunch.Great place , authentic , nice design , well cooked food and great wine reasonable price courteous intelligent service.
Have to praise them also I left my credit card and they were prompt safe and professional in handling the matter. Many thanks great team, great food. Great conversation al fresco on quiet street with bags of character.
Do overReally great band that played the Roseanne theme song for 4 hours straight! Awaken swing dancers imported from Italy. Five star.We came here to have brunch....service was great and the food exceeded our expectations...of note was the tomato salad/burrata, red velvet pancakes, and the veggie burger. Would definitely return and recommend to others.Drinks only review:
Pennsyltucky* and Ardbeg**
Thanks, hot bartender
*Lions Head can and a shot of Four roses
**Ardbeg Uigeadail, which I haven't seen in NYC, truly amazing and basically ruined all other scotch for me, but that's okIn town for work and couldn't have picked a better place. The food was terrific and so was the ambiance. I would definitely recommend it.We came back and had brunch and it was awesome. The lamb benedict was great. Even the side of potatoes were terrific. And you cannot go wrong with crawfish mac and cheese.
I would have given it 5 stars but service was a little slow but we still had a great meal.I go here a lot for the great drinks, music, and atmosphere. Staff is incredibly friendly and helpful. I had a birthday gathering here and it worked really well. Definitely recommend Saturdays and Sundays for the music but the food and service are great so any night of the week is awesome.If you were a drinker of whiskey, this place might be perfect for you. But we went for dinner and while the food was good, it didn't impress me much. They also seemed to push the prix fixe dinner which was way too much food and too expensive for us. They also suggested family style eating but everyone in our party wanted different things so that didn't work for us. The fried chicken I ordered was very tasty and the salads were delicious. I really don't have anything negative to say about our meal but i just didn't walk away feeling like I truly got my money's worth.This place has a lot going on for it.   It's a PUB.  Great bar.  Interesting food.  Casual service.    It's not fine dining or upscale.  It's very cool.  Southern flair.  If you dig a cool Southern vibe and live music with solid food... check it out!  I'm a fan.I work in the Head House District and when I saw Twisted Tail Whiskey Bar and Juke Joint getting ready to take over where Kildare's left off, I was excited. They had my attention at whiskey. Now that I have been there, I am REALLY excited! 
Last night, after the show (work) my castmates and I were walking up the alley and were greeted with heavenly steak aromas permeating the air. Sure beats what you usually smell in an alley in Philly, but I digress. I asked what that was and my friend told me it was Twisted Tail and that he had an amazing steak there earlier for dinner before the show (work). We peeked in the window, saw space at the bar, and headed on in. 
I had a Johnnie Walker based drink with word "Smokestack" in the name. It had macerated cherries in it and was garnished with two morasca cherries. I took one sip and announced that I wanted to make friends with the drink. I asked about morasca cherries, and the owner himself gave me his supplier's info. If you have never had a morasca cherry, you should. These make regular maraschino cherries ashamed of themselves. 
One of my other friends is a real beer guy and was very impressed that they had his all-time favorite beer on tap. I believe it is called Heffelwiesen? Something like that . Anyway, it was the first time he had ever seen it on tap and was ecstatic. 
Another enjoyable drink was the Lynchburg Lemonade with basil. The basil was a lovely touch as it saved the drink from being overly sweet. It also had an unexpected bit of peach flavor that hit the middle of the tongue. It was served in a glass that looked no unlike a miniature old fashioned milk bottle. 
Finally there was the mint julep. Oh. My. GOD. I was to make love to this drink. I want to bathe in it. It was that good! This mint julep was SO good, I announced that I wanted a moment alone with it and the guys all laughed. 
What impressed me the most was the complexity of the cocktail. First you got the bourbon, but it was a good bourbon with no burn. Then you got the sweetness of the housemade julep syrup, and finally a cool minty finish. I am in love. 
I was a little hungry so I ordered a bowl of Primal Chili. I admit the name caught my eye. It was a blend of chicken, lamb, and duck with white beans, a blend of smoky seasonings and - wait for it - chocolate sea salt(!). When it arrived, I tasted a bit of the sea salt on its own and was amazed at the strong cocoa flavor that came from it. I didn't expect it to be that intense. Then, as per the bartender's advice, I mixed the salt in very thoroughly. It was delicious. Smoky, complex, a little sweet, and a teeny bit of heat. If you like your chili five alarm, you will not like this. But if you want a savory, meaty, comfort food, you will love this. I let out a subdued howl after eating it; it is called Primal Chili after all. 
The place is not cheap (my drinks were around 10 dollars each) but if the food is good, I don't mind. 
I will be back here.Happy hour here is great.  Food specials are good and a new selection of draft beers.  Live music!  Whiskey flights, you can't beat that.I came here for restaurant week and I'll just say it. This is now my new favorite restaurant. Everything about this place from the ambiance to the amazing whisky collection is amazing. This place is a must go for anyone who loves great food and great whisky.I have been here many times. I ate here before, but along while ago. It's completely different now.
Five of us went to eat, and had no idea it was family style (new). It turned out to be excellent. The food was all excellent. We had the tuna, fried chicken, kale salad, burrata, ribs, short rib... Everything super tasty.
There were a bunch of meat eaters, so the ribs and short ribs were the hit of the night. The short rib was a monster and super tender. The tuna and burrata were my favorites, and unexpected for this place.
The beer list is nice, and there was a featured bourbon that a few tried.
We were all very pleased with the entire meal.I've been here a few times and each time this place delivers. 
It's located in the heart of Old City so be sure to plan for parking. I found a spot about a block away on a Saturday night - which honestly isn't bad considering how crowded it gets around the area. 
The place has a southern saloon vibe, and drinks to match. Entering in, there's a main bar area that takes up most of the space, and then there is seating scattered throughout the outskirts. In the summer months, there is also outdoor seating available with heated lamps and good people watching haha. 
Getting the bartenders attention to order drinks was probably the biggest gripe. My guest and I peered the drinks menu and opted for a wine and a mule. The bar was pretty packed when we first arrived and I sort of felt that I was interrupting a private party. In any case, after about 10 minutes - we were finally asked for our orders, and they were promptly delivered. For a busy night, they only had two bartenders (and it spans a large space) - I think another hand would've helped keep things moving better. 
I did like that we were able to take our drinks and sit down in the dining area without needing order food. It allowed for us to enjoy the venue and still have space for ourselves and conversation. The establishment does have a full menu (and brunch is also offered on the weekends) so will definitely return to check that out. 
Overall - a great place for drinks, vibe, and appealing menu!We had a late lunch yesterday.  The atmosphere is lovely. There is a nice size bar and comfortable seating.  The food we had was delicious, spicy shrimp BLT and chicken sandwich with the peach and arugula salad. I would suggest that there were more grilled peach slices in the salad... but nevertheless it was delicious.  The service was attentive and friendly.Came here on a Saturday night and had a really good meal. Thumbs up on the chicken pate, amazing texture! Thanks to Ashley for providing us with a table outside when there wasn't one available. On a warm summer night, eating outside was the way to go. Also, our server Hannah was very attentive and fantastic with recommendations. Will definitely return!So I decided on this place for my second anniversary dinner. We were created immediately and sat at our table, the server was very friendly and was able to explain everything perfectly and able to accommodate. The drinks were very tasty the basil lemonade was very refreshing with a nice lunch of whiskey our server convinced us to the chefs tasting menu which didn't disappoint at all. We started our night with the lamb chops which were perfectly cooked and left me wanting more, then came our house made ricotta and sourdough bread which is a must order on any menu for myself. Then came out the entrees which was the shrimp and grits and mussels. The shrimp and grits were very tasty only downside was the amount of oil that came of the shrimp into the grits, the mussels could not have been more perfect all were opened with a some nice crispy bread to soak up the broth. Our sides were the crispy Brussels sprouts (amazing needed more ) and the cornbread which was perfectly soft and delectable on the inside. They cared about us for our anniversary and gave us complimentary champagne with our pineapple panna cotta which was very refreshing to end the night overall an amazing place in which I would easily go back toIt was delicious.
We dined as a large group of 6 and all opted for the pre-fix menu.  It was totally worth the $39 price tag as you get to select 4 items with that option.  Food was soo flavorful and bourbon/whiskey selections were adequate.  The ambience is casual and its good to hear some restaurant chatter.
All in all, we had a great experience and spent a pretty good amount of money with all the food and drinks that we ordered.  My ONLY reason in giving this place 3 stars instead of 4...is because they packed my left overs and gave it to the wrong couple.  So here I am craving for the delicious braised pork only to open the container in disappointment.
Besides that, everyone should give this place a shot for some really good food and whiskey.I have been here before and I really enjoy the décor and setting. It looks really nice. We never ordered food. The review is based on service. We were told that the nightly special is "1 oz of whiskey for $4". Awesome, we thought. So everyone ordered a round. When we got the bill, the price was way higher than anticipated. When we enquired about it, we were told that the drink is 2 oz.....Even though 2 oz is probably a standard for whiskey, I would have liked it if they made it clear. Not 1 mention of this.Restaurant Week FTW!
We didn't realize though that they offer a variation of restaurant week everyday- $40 for four courses and you can choose off of the entire menu! I wish we would have known!
I made a reservation for a group of 8 and our table was ready for us as soon as we arrived. They were smart to put us in the back of the restaurant (we are an obnoxious bunch). The decor has a sexy southern vibe and the singer they had for the evening had the voice of an angel. The atmosphere was definitely what we were looking for. While waiting for the rest of our party, I ordered the Lynchburg Lemonade at the bar. This was easily one of the most drinkable and delectable Whiskey drinks I have ever tasted. Fresh basil, fresh lemonade and Tennessee Whiskey will make you wish summer is just starting and not ending.
Since we were between so many of the items, my roommate and I devised a plan: we would order different things so we could try almost all of the menu items.  Each dish kept getting more flavorful. The flavors were unique but provided a sense of familiarity due to the Southern Comfort type nature of the restaurant. Ill break our dinner down dish by dish so you know what to order in the future:
Charcoal Grill: 
Clams with Lemon: pretty standard, but were fresh. 7/10
Veal Bacon: special for the night, they ran out of the Lamb Meatballs. The homemade bacon made of veal was delicious, complete with a mustard seed. 8/10
Appetizers:
Beet Salad: adorable presentation, fresh and tasty beets, crunchy frisee and not overly dressed. 10/10
Crawfish Mac N' Cheese: unbelieveable. I'll leave it at that 10/10
Entrees:
Crabcakes: tiny, but full of crab with little, to no filler. 10/10 taste, 8/10 for size
Braised Short Rib: topped with an over easy egg, this savory dish was the clear cut winner of the night. The juices from the meat soaked the farro and the meat was so tender you didn't need a knife to cut through. 10/10
Dessert:
Beignets: so. good. 10/10
Coconut Panna Cotta: reminded me of a coconut flan, resting on top of a dried pineapple ring. Creamy and rich- a perfect ending. 10/10Didn't even mean to go to this  restaurant and it was amazing. Their happy hour menu is so legit I cannot even handle it, and it's all delicious. We ordered cheese curds (best I've ever  had, and I've had a lot), chicken liver toast (beyond delicious), oysters, cheeseburger (chzbrg shot and beer for $15), chicken sandwich, mac n cheese (ate it all and I kind of think that Mac and cheese is boring for the most part) and some other things. I am going to have to say that this is one of the best executed "gastro-pub-y" restaurant I have ever been to. GO!Went over the holiday weekend with family mid day late lunch place was empty not unusual around 2:30pm as it is that normal slow period in the biz and we liked it that way.  Everyone was really nice the from the hostess to the girl bartender and server could not have been friendlier.  Food did take a while to come out, which did not surprise me as I have had that happen before when only ones in a restaurant so no biggie as we had time.  We ordered off the brunch menu our only option and a bit limited as my daughter just wanted a plain hamburger was told only option was the $14 bacon fancy burger on menu and would still be the same price at $14 if plain.  On top of that burger came with nothing on the side just on a fancy cutting board and had to order fries separate at another $5 so all in total for kid to eat a burger fries $19......what a country right.  Wife an I split a shrimp club special that neither of us touched as it really had strange chemical smell to it and thought might not be safe.  Always bummed when a server does not inquire why food on a plate was not touched as back in the old days when I tended bar I always asked if something was wrong with an uneaten plate.  We also had a soup with it, which was kind a bland and thin for a rustic sweet potato soup, but no biggie again.  Other kid had a small rib plate that was actually very good and so were the fries so again other then paying $19 for a plain burger and fries and not touching our shrimp club the place was very good and would give it another try especially with such a nice staff.  Cheers!!!Awesome location right in society hill. We went for brunch so maybe the dinner menu is better, but I honestly wasn't impressed. I ordered a sandwich and it was so so. It was messy and the bread was slightly stale. Others in my party ordered chicken and waffles and some kind of breakfast mash in a cast iron skillet, and to be honest no one commented that their food was very good. There are too many good brunch spots in the city to return to this one.Excellent popcorn, whiskey flight essentially everything including service here was excellent.  I can't wait to come back.  The only issue I had if any was the chicken I ordered was the slightest bit try especially towards the end of the meal.  It wasn't a big deal and it tasted great otherwise so not worth making m a big deal.  Come check it out cuase I think you might really like it.Possibly my fave bar in the city. Why? Let me count the ways...
1. $5 bourbon sangria and bar bites during happy hour 
2. Friendly staff
3. Sweet "library" room with leather chairs, fireplaces, and rocking chairs
4. The best bar game ever--shuffleboard
5. Darts. Though the bull is dull and the board should be replaced. Manager is aware.
6. Free music.
7. Excellent drink menu.
8. Marvelous parties (Halloween & New Year's are ESP rockin)
The food is slightly overpriced and is hit or miss, hence not giving it 5 stars.
Overall love it here. You should, too!This was our favorite place in Philadelphia. Service was above and beyond great.  Chefs tasting was the way to go. Fun food that's great to eat. Nip of whiskey after desert was perfect. AwesomeI would have never gone here if my friends didn't invite me to meet them out at this bar one night last weekend.   I admit to being a bit of an atmosphere snob most of the time, and this place wasn't on my radar - I actually never heard of it until they texted me the name and address that night.
This place is big.  It has a downstairs restaurant area and then a bar upstairs.  It was a Saturday night and they had a live blues band playing, which was actually good.  Nonetheless I was there to talk talk talk with friends of mine who I haven't seen in ages, so I got out of the room where the band was playing as quickly as possible and moved into the lounge upstairs so I could speak to my friends without shouting in their ears.   
The lounge is cool looking - it feels like you are at the house of a stylish friend with the comfy couches, chairs, fireplace and TV.  I liked the look of it.  
I was sticking to wine that night and it did seem pricey at $11 per glass.  I don't mind paying fancy wine prices at fancy places, but in my opinion, the prices shouldn't get into the double digits at a casual establishment such as this.  
The staff seemed clueless to me.  We asked one of the bouncers if we could move one of the chairs and he just stared at us blankly and didn't answer.  We took this as a yes, and moved the chair.  I don't think they hire Mensa members there. 
At the end of the night I decided to order a snack.  After looking at the menu I ordered some fries.  EIGHT DOLLAR FRENCH FRIES.  I questioned the bar tender to see if this price was correct.  He went on and on about how they used fresh potatoes and 3 delicious sauces, etc.  They arrived and were....okay.  Not even really okay, just really subpar.  And the sauces...one of these "special sauces" was vinegar.  Haha - special.  I have had better fries everywhere - just off the top of my head, the Abbaye, North 3rd, Sidecar, Resurection Ale House, etc.  The fries got a 3/10 on taste and the $8 price tag seemed extremely unwarranted.It doesn't look like much, but the food and service were superb. Our waiter Shawn was the absolute most competent and informed server we've experienced. He described every option on the menu and gave perfect drink recommendations. The Sea Bass was cooked perfectly, the best I've ever had.Gotta say, this is our new go-to place.  Incredibly hip vibe and a just an overall great place. Food and menu is very good (not the primary reason to go--but pretty good), but the bar scene is killer good, especially the upstairs bar and the blues bands they have. The side room upstairs is excellent, but the dancing and the music are second to none, and make this the place to have an incredibly special experience.  Being that up close to the music, and the bands have been EXCELLENT.  Thanks Twisted Tail for living up to what you say you are, a Juke Joint, and one the delivers.Saturday night on South Street and we were surprised this place was not packed! Once the world finds out about this little treasure, we'll be fighting for a table. The four of us each started off with a different bourbon, so we could taste the broadest range of bourbons. There selection is the best around including bourbons you can't usually find around Philadelphia. We started off with the mussels appetizer which was flavorful and cooked well. We continued with an order of the chef's special chicken shank, two pork belly entrees, and the beef cheeks. Everything was SO delicious that we shared all our plates! We had another round of bourbon and even tried the fudge brownie (super rich!) and shortcake desserts! Our service was great and we thoroughly enjoyed our time. We will be back!We came from NYC to have dinner with friends during restaurant week.  The menu is interesting and well balanced. The food was all tasty and well prepared.  However, there were several issues, first we were seated in a black hole.  We had to take photos of the dishes so we could see what we were served.  There is no 'bread service,' so there is nothing to dip in the great broth under the mussels... or the wonderful jus under the short ribs.  More sauce under the beignets would not have been wrong.Not too impressed.  The atmosphere and design of the place are great.  It's a pretty big space with two floors and an area for live music, and a pool room( which by the way is beautiful).  I think a lot of time and energy was spent on the design of the place, and it's decor, and less on it's identity as a restaurant.  Is the food southern cooking?  Or is it a creole style place?  Or what?  Here's the thing.  The food was not good.  Great knowledgable server and drinks were a plus.  There was nothing memorable in what the four of us ordered, which was a lot of appetizers and just a couple of entrees.  I got the vegetable shepherds pie, which was ok, although it could have been seasoned better, but it was not worth $17.  Sorry, but a couple of potatoes, peas, and carrots don't add up to that.  Either way, the food lacked the wow factor.  There was nothing that would keep me coming back anytime soon.  We went on a Tuesday night, so there was no live music and the place had only a few patrons.  Maybe my experience would have been better had I gone on a livelier night, however, it wouldn't have changed the menu or the food.  It's a new place that still needs some tweaking.  I may give it another chance in the future, but who knows.This is the best food i have ever eaten. Also my cocktail: kumquat-infused gin fizz. With st Germaine and champagne? Stop it. It's so good I can't even.Eclectic food offerings and an extensive, but deliberate inventory of smooth libations.I've been passing by this restaurant frequently ever since it opened and I have always been curious to see how it was.  I'm glad I finally have!
Decor - really spacious & nicely decorated.  nice restaurant/bar atmosphere especially with the live music - cool vibe.
Food - For appetizers, we tried the oysters, the sausage flat bread, & crab cakes.  The oysters were large and juicy but didn't have much flavor to it.  The sausage flatbread had good toppings but we felt that the bread should have been crisper & less soggy.  Crab cakes were delicious!  The kettle chip crust on the crab cake was so good!  For entrees, we had the salmon & fried chicken.  Fried chicken had hints of old bay seasoning infused into it.
Overall, I really like the atmosphere of the place & will definitely come back.  I want to try the drinks next time!  The waiter also told us that they are changing the menus so they have more of a "southern" touch to their foods.  Some of those new additions are the catfish & fried chicken.In a city filled with numerous dining options, The Twisted Tail leaves a lot to be desired. The best part about the evening was certainly the company and perhaps the decent location in the Headhouse district, but the quality of the food and the exceptional price-point makes it tough to give this spot a decent recommendation. Most of the food was overly salted, fried and heavy on the oil and the crab cake would be better described as fried bread with small pieces of crab instead of the other way around. The ambiance was fine and the menu was diverse but when you compare their food and prices to other spots in Philly, the Twisted Tail just doesn't stack up.I took my fiance here for this year's installment of "food and drink he loves for his birthday." Bourbon and BBQ are always a hit with him, and we had not yet been here.
Our reservations were for 7pm on a Saturday. We arrived about 10 minutes early and were seated - we didn't need those reservations at all. The decor is homey, and the bar is a decent size. 
They have a good amount of *good* beer on tap, house-made infused spirits, and of course - a big 'n varied bourbon, whiskey, and scotch list (from which my fiance ordered quite a few things). 
Our server came, and while his presentation style went well with the restaurant, I could have done with less of it. Maybe if the place were full and lively, it would have received higher marks from me. 
I regret not having brought a bigger appetite - I only ordered cornbread and the barnegat scallop casoulet. I definitely should have gotten ribs or something instead! 
Twisted Tail was a hit with the fiance, which was indeed why we were there! He got to have a beer/scotch/bourbon flight, try a number of bourbons, some which the server recommended. He had the veal bacon, the pulled pork and cheddar empanadas, and chicken in a bag. I love a man who knows how to order the best things on the menu.
I would like to come back to have a dinner do-over where I order the tuna tartare, chorizo taco, and braised short ribs. I need to check out the Juke Joint part of this establishment; I feel like I could really get into those vibes!This is really a great place; definitely one of my favorite live-music bars in Philly. I love the fact that it seems to be strictly a blues bar, whereas others in the city play mostly jazz (a big difference)!  It never seems to be overly crowded, the staff and the typical people you'll find here are very nice and social, and there isn't even a cover charge...it's much appreciated.  I haven't had a chance to eat any meals here yet (the menu is pretty interesting), but the beer list is extensive and priced fairly.  In all, it's totally worthy of a full 5-stars...I hope this place stays around for a long, long time. 
Lastly, a word of warning:  If you're sitting anywhere near the band, it's gets pretty loud (as it should be).  Don't expect to have much of a conversation with your friends....you'll immediately think you're at a mime show.What a great place to stumble upon! We wanted to grab a bite to eat before a 7pm concert at the TLA and thankfully found The Twisted Tail.
The cocktails were delicious. I had the black cherry gimlet and the kool kat. The gimlet was sweet but the lime juice added a tartness that made it perfect. The kool kat was refreshing and a tasty way to start off the night. As we were having our cocktails and waiting to order, the waiter brought out fresh house popcorn with bacon and rosemary butter. YUM
What we ordered:
Soup of the day: Pumpkin
Chipotle glazed wings
Cesar salad with cornbread croutons
Blackened catfish
BBQ spare ribs
I would strongly recommend the pumpkin soup if they have it. It was the best I have ever had! It had a strong pumpkin flavor but was sweetened with what almost felt like a marshmallowy taste. The soup was thickened adding to the marshmallow aspect of the dish. 
The BBQ ribs were also very tasty! Even better is on the side were deep fried cornichons. I've fallen in love with these. This should be the only way to fry pickles.good beer & an amazing wild mushroom salad .. yumFirst timer. My husband found out about this place because we were looking for places in Philly that offer music, good food and eclectic drinks. We missed out on the music tonight but the food was delicious! Love the decor and vibe, but the food really elevates the establishment. You feel like you're at your local bar (the service is phenomenal and you feel right at home) but the menu makes you feel like you're at a typical high-end Philly restaurant, except you're not paying those prices.
Great selection of bourbon - tried it for the first time. But all the standard drink fare, too. The 4-course fare they offer for $35/each can't be beat, and they offer this all the time. We loved what we had: Pork Belly and Grilled Clams from the Charcoal Grill, Crabcakes and Brussel Sprouts & Pancetta for appetizers, Bourbon Braised Veal Breast and Shrimp and Grits for dinner and to top it all off, two delicious desserts. I forgot the names of each, but the one were these delicious donuts that you could smell from the kitchen. And I forgot to mention the yummy popcorn in rosemary seasoning that you get upon your arrival. I just can't say enough about how great our dinner was. The atmosphere was wonderful - great for dinner with my husband or a group of friends. Our server was excellent and our water was constantly refilled. It was really 5-Star service all around. The manager was great and really seemed to care about how we were enjoying ourselves. 
All around, wonderful night out. We can't wait to go back and enjoy the music and try some new treats!We stopped here casually on a Sunday to get some food before a movie.
The appearance of the bar/restaurant to start was great- i loved the environment/decor/vibe.
We sat in a corner "booth" space, which was actually just the two booth type seats that fit together- which was a super comfy spot in the bar. I would say- if me or my Fiance had been asked to sit at another table, we probably would have opted for the bar. THe bar stools looked super comfy, where as the other side tables in the bar area had these weird tiny stools that I don't think anyone would want to sit on while eating- especially if you are normal height. 
Anyway- Beer selection is OK- just ok though. Nothing too grand, nothing too bad- just average. Cocktail selection seems to be the same, nothing too interesting or captivating. 
Menu was great for brunch, and i love that they had all gluten free options noted. I got the mushroom Omelet. It was sub par. Honestly, the best thing about it was the side of sweet potato fries that came with it (which were delicious). Absolutely use the rosemary aioli as a dipping sauce- its heaven! I loved the fries, hated the omelet.
My fiance got the Chicken and Sweet Potato waffle, and he loved it. He devoured it, actually!
Service was ok- out waiter was generally knowledgable and nice, but insincere. 
I can't say that i would really come back here to eat, considering the prices don't really match the food quality- but i will probably go back for drinks after I eat dinner in the area.We came here for lunch for Matic's birthday as we were in the area. The service was good, the atmosphere and ambiance was great too. The review would be five star if they seasoned their food more; the fried chicken, the crab cakes, and fries all needed more salt and seasoning. Other than that, good place with amazing music.The food is great and the atmosphere is fantastic. You can trust any of the bartenders to make you an amazing and unique cocktail off the top of their heads. One of my favorite places to go for this reason. Their spirit collection is top notch, beer selection is pretty good and they have live music all the time!I have not eaten at this place yet but the food looks great.
The beer list is always great and the mixed drinks are top notch. I asked for a Manhattan with Dads Hat Rye and they had 4 different verities. You have to love a well stocked bar that takes making drinks serious.
 On Saturday night they had a blues band upstairs so it was a great time. I gotta come back and try the food...Picked Twisted Tail for a night out based on a lot of recommendations from friends. Didn't realized until halfway through the meal that all these recommendations were from drinking friends, not for the food. Ultimately very disappointed! Fruit flies flying around throughout dinner. Overhead lights at the front table (by the window) burning into our eyes, had to ask twice to dim them down and was told it was "no problem" but it never happened. Headache-inducing. Food was not terrible but definitely overpriced. Waitress was kind but disappeared quite often. Happened to go onto Yelp as we were finishing up to find a bar nearby and luckily noticed TT had a 15% off deal for checking in, so the bill wasn't as painful as it could have been for the food and service we recieved.This is a review of the bar because I did not have a dinner here. I personally like the atmosphere here, it's rather spacious.  I came here with my friends for drinks and started out at the bar downstairs.  There's a good number of dining seats downstairs with an area for live performance.  The night we walked in, we caught the end of some guy singing "wonderful tonight" with his guitar (originally by Eric Clapton), the old classics.  He was really good, I would most definitely come back to just hear him sing.  Our bartender was friendly and attentive, the night wasn't busy though.  
We then made our way upstairs.  The room upstairs is fairly decent in size with a bar and a stage; however, it was pretty crowded.  There are a few high top tables along the wall and in the back of the room. There was a live band performance that night, they were alright but makes for good atmosphere if you enjoy live music.  I definitely enjoy this place for drinks.  It's nice to be able to have space to move around and breathe rather than being pushed and shoved in a packed bar/club.