Are waitress is really sweet she's very attentive sooo far impressed :) we'l see how it compares to Fogo de chao:) sooo far it's beautiful in here:)Delicious food, nice atmosphere, good service....A Go!My husband and I came here tonight for restaurant week.  This was our first time at the Capital Grille, and we were NOT disappointed!  We each had a salad, him the Caesar and me the mixed greens with roasted tomatoes, both outstanding.  We both had the 14 oz bone in sirloin.  Amazing!  All the sides were delicious as were our desserts.  Excellent service from our waiter too.  We will definitely be back!Went for valentine's day dinner, had a sharaz bottle of wine from Australia. I gad the lobster bisque all so good, girlfreind had the wedge salad, very good she said. I had the delmonico steak with peppercorn always to die for, cooked perfectly, she had the filet and was cooked to perfecrion. We than had berries and cream for dessert . Service is always so so good, I never had an issue or a bad meal.Great dinner at Capital Grille! We had a fantastic server (Bob I believe?) who was incredibly wonderful the whole night. Very friendly and a joy to have.  We started off with a glass of red wine- which we picked off a very extensive menu on an Ipad- a very cool and interesting way to have their drinks.
We started off with a complimentary little chip with shrimp as a "starter". We ordered the Filet Mignon and the Porcini Rubbed Bone-In Ribeye. We added sides of brussels sprouts and truffle fries along with our entrees. And they were SO good. The filet mignon was good, a little bit overcooked, but still tasty. The Porcini steak was mind-blowingly good. The sauce complimented everything perfectly, and it was cooked to almost perfection. The brussels sprouts were also tasty - nice and crisp on the outside, but soft and delicious on the inside. The truffle fries- even better. They were unbelievably crisp. Plus, the side entrees were very generous. All of this was more than enough for us two to enjoy. We boxed home half the sides and part of our entree.  
Capital Grille is definitely pricey though- we managed this time with a gift card. Will we come back again? Probably not in the near future. Will we wish we could come back again all the time? Most definitely.I can't say enough. I've never had a bad experience here. The food and drink are excellent and I try to get here as often as I can! Would recommend this place to anybody that would listen!The steak, which is supposed to be the signature, was just mediocre. It was fine but definitely not worth the money. The seared salmon was disappointing. It was too bland. The no bake chocolate espresso cake was pretty good, which is the only reason for the stars. It is way too expensive for the quality they provide.Deeply disappointing. Our waiter Eric was attentive and knowledgeable and the steak, fabulous. Wine selection also very nice, but that's where the positives end. What happened to the class and decorum of this restaurant?? Patrons dining near us with cutoff shorts and Eagles jerseys? Unacceptable. Are they that desperate to fill tables? This used to be a classy restaurant. When returning after theatre for a cocktail, bartenders ignored us until we finally decided to walk over to the hostess to ask if we could get service at a bar table we were sitting at, directly across from the bar. It took forever and finally got a server who was less than pleased to be bothered to do her job. We won't be back. Management should do some major reevaluating of staff, decorum, dress code and attentiveness to clients at this supposedly high end steak house.The Capital Grille is among my top three restaurants of all time. It's definitely the best Steakhouse in Philadelphia, bar none. Everything here is amazing. I challenge anyone to order just one appetizer. The menu practically begs you to overdo it, and I am always more than happy to accommodate. Of course, the steak is what you should be here for, and The Capital Grille is flat-out is incapable of disappointing. You cannot go wrong with any of their selections, but I am a Filet guy, so I usually ask to be hooked up Kona-style, which has a coffee crust. It literally melts in your mouth. Throw in some creamed spinach and their Lobster Mac-N-Cheese, and odds are you will compare every meal from then on to the Capital Grille. Oh, and tip well. The waiters and waitresses are great. Attentive and friendly no matter how busy the place is, in addition to always being quick with a clutch wine recommendation.Went to Capital for one of our friends birthdays and the food was amazing. We tried 1 appetizer, ordered 3 sides (including fries, mashed potatoes) and we all had a different meal. They were all incredible. When the meal was over, we decided to split 3 desserts and each one was amazing (I loved to coconut pie). The staff was very nice and the restaurant was really beautiful. The location was great, but the restaurant was pretty expensive.There are many things I love in this world and 2 of them are steak and scotch.  The Capital Grille has a great selection of both.  It was lunch, so I had to keep one of them to a minimum, sadly I went for minimizing Scotch.  But the drinks were good and so was the steak salad.  I also had a bowl of their lobster bisque (which isn't on the menu, but absolutely worth asking for).  2 words: Scotch and Steak.Everything was ok. Nothing exceptional - nothing terrible. 
I will say the steaks were not seasoned properly - and one of the steaks was slightly under cooked (my son ordered medium but came medium rare - he didn't. Price though) both things were easy to overlook. Just a little salt and it was fine.
Mash potatoes were good. Creamed spinach was not. Salads were underwhelming.Reviews can be subjective, due to your individual experience I know. However, each time I go to Capital Grille (Approximately five times), the food and service have been stellar, so it has to be more than a subjective view. Their seafood is so fresh, and the fries are scrumptious! I'll be going for my sixth time, during restaurant week, so I hope it maintains its five star status. :)  Here's to good eating....Cheers! Updated after Restaurant week...I  had originally rated these guys a five star, but after Restaurant week, I have to take a start away. This time, my expectations were not as high. My friend's seafood was not too fresh, but the service was still stellar. One star less, but still a good rating. Maybe the seventh time will increase it back to a five star : )Awesome evening at Capitol Grill. Food was amazing. I had the lettuce wedge which had the just the right amount off blue cheese and bacon. Then lamb chops - I think there were 8 of them - enough to share with everyone. You must try the Brussels sprouts, which were the best I have ever had. Service was excellent too. I think my waiter's name was Eric. He was funny and engaging without hovering. Great evening.I had really good meal at Capital grille at Providence few years ago. I still remember how proud and profession they were. And the food was absolute perfection. 
I never went other locations but I wanted to try the one in Philly since I had such a amazing time before. 
I got same meal, chowder soup, salad and glazed salmon. Soup was a bit saltier side for me. It was ok eating with bread but in general I am not fan of salty food.
Salad was decent and my salmon was a bit overpowering with citrus sauce. It was pretty but I wasn't amazed like last time. 
The bread basket was warm and good though. And service was good too. But it just wasn't same..Of all the big chain steakhouses in philly. Capital Grille is by far my favorite. I go mainly for the high level of customer service.  Steak is great for a big steakhouse chain but what sets them apart from others is their level of service for sure.  Even if something goes wrong (for us, the wrong dessert was sent to the table) they are always timely and swift in correcting the issue.  Plus it's always nice to feel ritzy thanks to the environment once in awhile.
Overall if you're looking for the solid American steakhouse experience. Capital Grille is where it's at!Had a business dinner at the Capital Grille last month . 
Lively, intelligent crowd at the bar, efficient wait staff,
attentive but not obtrusive. Good wine list. Had the filet
mignon which was excellent - tender and flavorful. Best
I've had in several years. Vegetables cooked properly,
good selection of breads. Acoustics were good where we
were. Our group could chat without shouting, even though
the restaurant was full.
Overall, an enjoyable evening.Visited during restaurant week. I went for lunch and had the mixed green salad.  My salad was ok, I may try the Caesar salad next time. My next course was the salmon and mashed potatoes, both cooked well.  I had creme brûlée for dessert.  All in all no bad for $20 special.  I ordered the mint lemonade which was disappointing I had some of my husbands grapefruit soda which was much better.
My husband had the lobster sandwich with truffle fries, which were delicious! The rolls were great as well.  He had the flour less chocolate cake which was too rich for me.Just average.  In Philadelphia for a conference.  Ate here on a Monday night.  It was pretty busy and the bar was crowded when we arrived.  The service was pretty lackluster.  They ran out of blue cheese olives for dirty martinis.  I was told, "we just ran out because we are really busy".  Unacceptable for a place of this caliber.  Get someone to stuff more or be better prepared.  The food was good but the overall experience was not on par with other Capital Grilles.  Ate at Del Frescos the night prior and there was no comparison.  Much better.I haven't been here in such a long time but once again I was very satisfied. Food was great, as was the service. Lobster Mac and cheese will put you in a food coma. I had a glass of Merlot, and also their house drink (pineapple infused vodka) both were exceptional. The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because the music appeared to be a little to loud. GREAT PLACE.The first thing to know is this place is CRAZY expensive....however, the portions are big and the food super high quality!  We ordered the calamari for appetizer, got some French onion soup, and the seared tuna for the meal....all were very good!Upscale, somewhat old world, comfortable and satisfying. Great steaks, appetizers & desserts. 
Visited last week with our family and between the six of us were able to make various selections and check each others meals. What we experienced was nothing but great food, perfect service and great atmosphere. Definitely ranks with the best of steak houses in center city.We always have a great experience whenever we go to Capital Grille! The service is perfect and the their steaks are always cooked to perfection. The waiters don't stay until you cut your meat, but it is usually cooked to perfection. The side dishes are amazing, especially the creamed corn with bacon. We go here often and would recommend the philly or King of Prussia place!All I can say is whip out your fancy pants and come have a great meal at Capital Grille. I came to have lunch with my sister in law and I thought this was just going to be a high class red lobster. Well, let's just say, I'm glad I didn't completely slack on my outfit bc I would've felt completely out of place.
The entrance is right on Market, lots of parking lots in this area as well. We had to make a reservation for lunch bc it was restaurant week and all the places downtown book up quickly. We were sat promptly and our various servers were always keeping our water filled and asking if we needed anything else. So above all, the service was amazing. 
As for the food, I started with the clam chowder which was delicious. I assume the regular (non-restaurant week) portion is much bigger bc it was $12 on the menu for a bowl as big as a tea cup. Nonetheless, the flavor was excellent, creamy but not overwhelming. My sister in law upgraded to the lobster bisque and was not every impressed, as it only brought 2 small chunks of lobster.
As for my entree, I had the steak salad with arugula, fresh mozzarella and roasted peppers. I really enjoyed the salad portion, the dressing was soft enough to enjoy the salad. I wasn't a fan of the steak though, very bland, I had to add both salt and pepper. I know that a good cut of steak doesn't need much, but AT LEAST some salt and pepper. 
Dessert was really the highlight of the meal, which was the flourless expresso and chocolate cake. This was a very indulgent ending to a semi bland meal. This was a "stick to the roof of your mouth" thick chocolate cheesecake. I personally enjoyed it very much, but I know many people don't like that overwhelming flavor. 
I would really love to give Capital Grille 4 or 5 stars but aside from the service, there was nothing mind blowing about the food. I'm really glad I was able to try it out during restaurant week before dropping any serious cash on their regular menu.Capital Grill is one of the major high end steakhouse chains.  They have locations all over the country and I have had the pleasure of dining in six or eight of them.  Their major competitors are Morton's and Ruth's Chris.  Like all high end steakhouses, if you're worried about the bill, don't go!
I'll keep this review short and sweet.  I'd go here before a Morton's or Ruth's every time.  The service is better.  The food is much better.  The overall experience is just more enjoyable. 
The Philadelphia Capital grill has two points worth mentioning.  First, at peak times it can be noisy.  I'd suggest visiting mid-week if you would like a quieter experience.  Second, the Philly location has an nice pre-theater menu.  It's an excellent value at $39.00.Went there with a party of thirteen, split the bill with another member of the party.  This was no problem and the waitress did a very accurate accounting and was very pleasant about it.
The service was so good it felt like there were only four of us.  Everything came out at the right time and together, temperature was perfect and all-in-all the food was good to excellent.  Streaks were very good, too much for me, so I think one could share.  Desserts were outstanding.
Atmosphere was also good in a "Men's Club" type decor sort of way.
Of all the expensive chain steakhouses this Philly location is by far and away the the best I have eaten at so far.  Yes it is really expensive but a least you feel you got your monies worth.  Service was exceptional.
Highly recommended, if you can afford it.Quite the spot in Philly. The wine selection is phenomenal. The food pairs well with it all.The Capital Grille is a great American Steakhouse. The staff are very polite and even ask if you have any food allergies. They also have really good services like a coat check in and valet. Although pricey, the food is worth it. The steaks are cooked perfectly and the portions are large. Its a nice place to go for birthday's or special occasions, no matter which location you got to.This is my favorite capital grille!  I live in NYC and usually make it to Philly once a month and I must say the service is by far the best here.  The Manager is very attentive and he works very hard.
Thank you for always making my experience a WOW one.I went during restaurant week and the food was amazing! best steak I have ever had! Excellent service as well.....Prior to this week, I would have given the Capital Grille five stars. It's always been absolutely perfect.
This time, I had the Filet Oscar, which came with asparagus. My filet was more medium than medium-well, but it was seasoned to perfection, and I'm pretty sure their crabmeat comes from shell-less crabs, cuz I have had a LOT of filet oscar in my lifetime, and theirs is the only one that never ever has even a hint of shell.
My solitary gripe... The asparagus that came on the side was stringy. Inedibly tough and stringy. How does that happen?Don't get me wrong, this is a solid place.  Food is good, service is good, atmosphere is nice --it's just that nothing really stood out.  For these prices, I do expect something at least somewhat memorable, but the dishes were all pretty safe and not particularly inspired.  I probably won't come back here.
If you have to take non-adventurous eaters somewhere for a posh dinner date, this is a good restaurant for it.  But if you want something with a bit more character, the Capital Grille is not the place.The food was not good when I came. Maybe they don't put their all in for restaurant week, maybe I should have ordered something else but I did get a steak so... 
I didn't like any of the desserts but they were made nicely, just not what I liked.
Drinks could be stronger. Still a beautiful restaurant.Excellent meal. House Cab was good as well. We all ordered steak in our patty of five. For apps we did calamari, prosciutto wrapped mozzarella and steak tartar. Calamari was spectacular with the peppers and a bit of a bite. Entree as mentioned we did steaks. I went with the NY strip. Steak was slightly over cooked as I asked for medium rare but overall fantastic. Sides: lobster Mac n cheese, potatoes au gratin, asparagus, creamed spinach's and the Brussel sprouts were amazing. 5/5.This place is so beautiful I would recommend this place for all couples and a great place to bring your family for a birthday anniversary or any kind of special occasion.
We need more places like this in Philadelphia and I am very happy we have the capital grilleGreat restaurant to eat at along with a fantastic vibe. It is right in the dead center oh Philly which, in my opinion, makes the place that much better. Very friendly staff and a porter house steak to die for. If i had the money I'd dine here every single night.Situation
- Dinner with a group of 20 during a conference (June 2015)
Pros
- The service is excellent
- Decent portion size
- Great appetizers (Calamari, Prosciutto Wrapped Mozzarella) and bread
- The Clam Chowder is pretty good
- A calorie count is displayed next to each menu item
- Nice bar area and a nice decor overall
Cons
- A bit on the pricey sideThe bartenders were very nice and the food was great. Wednesday's 5-7 complimentary bar food while you drink.This place is chain, but really great place to come for steak and seafood. The ambience is lovely and the staff are always very accomodating. If you have time to lounge, they figure that out and let you take your time, or if you are in a hurry they are really great about bringing everything just at the right time. Try their spicey calamari for appetizer and the crab/lobster roll for lunch. They also offer non-alcholic drinks for those of us that choose not to...once they were offering this grapefruit soda that was delicious!Took a group of 11 people here for restaurant week. We arrived at our reserved time (5:30 PM) and were seated immediately. Perfect start. The place was packed! We all ordered from the restaurant week menu, and thought it was a great deal for $35. Timing was great, and all meals were cooked perfectly. I honestly don't know how they did it, since everyone ordered a variety from medium rare to well done. Somehow, they got them all right. Recommend the black cherry pie cocktail - it was delicious. A great time was had by all.Came here for Restaurant Week, and was very pleasantly surprised by how generous they were with their portions. I ordered the kona-crusted steak - pretty good, but my friend's filet was much better. We also got sides of creamed spinach and mashed potatoes for the table, both of which were bangin' and totally deserve a special mention here. As for the before and after - the clam chowder and creme brulee were both pretty tasty.
I liked the interiors - dark, woody, sort of a classic steakhouse look. The service was good and I had a really good experience.Of course everyone knows they have the BEST CALAMARI EVER!!! lol The waitress was super nice and treated my boyfriend to a beautiful cheesecake for his birthday. I love love love the food! It's always perfect!Whenever we go to a high-end steak house, I know what I want before I enter.  I want an excellent gin martini, briny oysters on the half shell, a wedge salad with decadent blue cheese dressing, a mouth-watering Filet Mignon, ice cream for dessert, and a double espresso to top it off.  Oh, and all served by a knowledgeable, personable waiter in a wood-paneled dining room.  Well, CG could have hit this one out of the park - except for two crucial glitches.  The wedge salad was sub-par.  Iceberg lettuce is a waste, unless it is surrounded by the best blue cheese dressing.  Alas, theirs was not.  It wasn't the best - it wasn't even close.  The dressing was watery and had no chunks of cheese. I was very disappointed about that, and also about the French green bean with heirloom tomatoes side dish.  The beans were soft and not at all what we expected - they should have been crisp and flavorful, not soft and bland.  The beans seemed as if they had been frozen or just over cooked and the heirloom tomatoes were not to be seen - just one soggy grape tomato in the mix -- but the rest of the meal and service were superb.  We were seated immediately upon arrival.  Our waiter, Danny L., was perfect.  We selected Philadelphia's finest gin, Bluecoat, and Danny swirled the drinks at our table.  Nicely done Danny! The Blue points were great.  The 10 oz. Filet melted in your mouth, as did the 14 oz. Dry Aged Strip steak,  1/2 of which we brought home for another day!  Plus our wood paneled room had just the best Philly touch as we sat under a portrait of non-other than John Wanamaker.  The ice cream dessert was ok and the double espresso was a fitting conclusion to a good meal that could have been a contender for a great one.I had the salmon with au gratin potatoes, AMAZING!!! The cheesecake wasn't perfect, but it was decent.  The atmosphere is very relaxing, the staff is great!Went for Easter dinner.  My lamb chops tasted like they dumped the whole salt shaker on them.   I had someone else taste at my table to make sure it was not me.   YUCK!   TOO MUCH SALT they said.Mind Numbing.
Couldn't drink enough Markham because we were so full and fascinated with everyone's selections and how they were each perfect.  The Kona rub was excellent.  Literally the best Creme Brulee I have ever had.  Service was flawless.  Booth could have been a little bigger, but the service made it all work.  Don't visit Philidelphia without a stop at Capital GrillWe went to celebrate my Bday and partake in restaurant week. The food was excellent! The service was great. I'm sooo happy that center city offers restaurant week because I have to admit that this place is out of my budget. However it is well worth it.Love the Cap Grille, but I gotta knock this one because of the service.  The waiter was completely unattentive.  I spoke with the manager at the end of the night and he said "thanks for the input".  Nothing else.  No apology, free coffee, etc.
The food and wine was 5 stars.  Service 2.We decided to come to The Capital Grille for a friend's birthday, if you come here and you happen to have Patrick as your waiter you're in luck!
Let's start by stating that Patrick successfully managed a rowdy group of ten homosexuals. That itself should be noteworthy. He was very attentive and recommended some amazing options for dinner. He always kept our table tidy, changed our utensils often, and topped off our water regularly. His recommendations for cocktails were spot on and he was able to run with our jokes which was quite refreshing. 
All of the food was nothing short of fantastic! I had the soup of the day which was a creamy Lobster Bisque. It was very tasty! Followed by a Gorgonzola and Truffle Crusted aged NY Strip with a Cabernet Reduction. It was fantastic and so tender (get it medium rare) it melts in your mouth! We shared some of the generously portioned sides and the Au Gratin Potatoes were quite good. We then followed up dinner (and we were stuffed) with a jaw dropping Cheesecake and Warm Double Chocolate Cake. 
Patrick even broke the camera out and not only took our photo for our friend's birthday (who got an impressive birthday dessert) but even printed them out, in house, to give to everyone. I have nothing bad to say about my dinner as it was amazing, some of the best steak I have ever had! Patrick was a fantastic waiter and if you are luckily enough have him, you will have a wonderful time.
I definitely plan to return in the future and I will be requesting Patrick.Came here for lunch! The lobster and crab burger(which is not on the regular pre-fix lunch menu) was amazing! If it is on the regular menu, I'll def come back regularly in the future!Wow, a Friday night and no wait to seat 12 this could be a good or bad sign for the economy. The service was five star and the meat grilled to perfection. The fillet melted like butter in your mouth. You can't go wrong here. Sit back and enjoy the total dining experience.Very disappointed. Second bad meal I had there.....ordered the bone in rib eye Au Poivre with an onion straws....it came with some creamy sauce and covered in straws....yuck. Only bad CG I have been too....I won't return.I was expecting a fabulous meal as it being my first time there.  The steak was good and mashed potatoes.  The green beans was raw I couldn't even eat them so horrible.  For dessert had the flourless chocolate cake which was ok not the best.  And whoever made the whipped cream needs to back to cooking school as it's the simplest thing to make but it was not good.Kona crusted steak is a must during restaurant week.  The unique combination of flavors (coffee + steak) cooked perfectly to medium rare is worth the hour drive for me.  Service was quick and the waiters were very knowledgeable and friendly.  They have an excellent wine selection.  I plan to return and recommend you try the Kona crusted steak at least once in your life.We have been to the Cherry Hill CG a couple of times but decided to head into the Philadelphia location to celebrate our 30th anniversary. It was truly a special evening from start to finish. Service was excellent from hostess to server. Special shout out to Lupe who was our fabulous server!! Menu offers everything you could possibly desire in a steakhouse. Dessert came with Happy Anniversary written in chocolate across the plate. Truly a lovely evening!!I had the privilege of attending during Restaurant Week. I opted for the citrus salmon & lobster mac n cheese. Both to die for. The creme brûlée cheesecake was the perfect ending. One of my fav restaurants service is always superb!Dining Partner and I came here for Restaurant Week. Our past restaurant week experiences have left us wanting more. More food that is! Our goal was to pick a place that we could leave feeling full and Capital Grille stuffed us to the gills.
This was my first visit to a Capital Grille and I have to say, I am a fan! We had a reservation at 7:30 and were seated promptly as we arrived. The breadbasket served to the table was fresh and had a good variety. I developed a theory that when the bread is done right, the rest of the meal is going to be good. So far I'm doing pretty well with this theory, as it has almost always proved correct. 
We started off the meal with an order of fried calamari (additional cost to the $35 three course menu). The calamari was covered in hot peppers which negated the usual side of marinara that accompanies most calamari orders. It was good, crispy fried to perfection. I had the Caesar salad as my first course, Dining Partner had the New England Clam Chowder. The Caesar salad was underwhelming, but that's not what I came for. I chose the 8 oz filet as my entree and Dining Partner had the bone-in dry aged 14 oz sirloin. We both very much enjoyed our entrees. Mashed potatoes and green beans came to the table for us to split as sides. We loved both the mashed potatoes and the crispy green beans. It is unusual for me to get such enjoyment out of a green vegetable. For dessert we both chose the flourless Chocolate Espresso Cake which was very dense and delectable. 
Service by our waitress Monqiue was great. Our iced teas were refilled constantly. Dining Partner has dined at the King of Prussia Capital Grille a few times and asked about beignets as dessert when we placed our order at the beginning of the meal. Monqiue said they didn't serve them. She followed up at the end of the meal telling us if we returned we could call ahead and they would have the beignets available for special order. It is something the Chef does at KOP regularly, but they would be able to do it here with more notice. Bonus points for follow through! Great experience all around!Sadly, I have to give my experience at The Capital Grille a 3 and it was not because of the food or the dining service. The food was amazing, great place for restaurant week! Our waiter (Gustavo) was fantastic, so nice and helpful! But the experience leading up to our dinner was far from desirable! 
2 people from our party of 3 arrived 30 minutes before our reservation. We checked in and grab seats at the bar. At 6:30pm our 3rd arrived and we approached the hostess (Nichole) to let her know we were all present. She said our table would be ready momentarily. We checked in at 6:40pm and she said the same thing and the people at the table we'd be sitting at were paying. In this time we saw many people come in, and get say right away. We continued to wait. Finally at 6:55pm we were brought to our seats. With no apology whatsoever for waiting almost an entire half hour for our table when we were all present at 6:30pm. Have seen then many other parties get sat during that time we waited was very frustrating and we were disappointed we did not get an apology or any sort of acknowledgement for waiting.I find steakhouses to be too cliche for business meals - there's nothing exciting about meat and potatoes, the food is too heavy, and I don't feel any value in price inflated food.  The only problem is there aren't many places conducive to business to allow you to have a conversation, can accommodate last minute reservations, and conveniently located. 
The Capital Grille is where Philadelphia's titans of industry and government shot callers eat. I typically get their velvety lobster bisque (full of chunks of lobster), calamari with hot peppers, or Caprese Salad with their salivating inducing balsamic vinegar to start. You can't go wrong with their Signature Cheeseburger.  The meat is always cooked correctly to your desired temperature, the toasted onion bun is a perfect delivery vehicle, and the truffle fries put a smile on my face just thinking of them (with or without the dipping condiments).My wife and I had just arrived in Philly and were feeling a bit peckish so we left our Ritz Carlton room and walked around to find the Capital Grille, a chain steakhouse which I had never heard of before. We got in with no problem. We ordered a spinach salad with warm bacon dressing to share, which was pretty decent. My main was the dry aged porterhouse steak which was cooked to a nice mid rare but could've used more seasoning. My wife ordered the split roasted chicken, It was a whole frickin' chicken, who the hell can eat a whole frickin' chicken, I forgot we were in Philadelphia. She managed to eat a quarter of it, I think I helped her out with one other piece. So we wrapped up the rest of it with some grilled asparagus that we also had in a doggie and brought it back to our hotel room....Yep...... we had a picnic lunch in Independence park the next afternoon with the remaining chix and some cheese and bread bought at the Reading market. Booyah
By the way.....we didn't have dessert.I recently had the opportunity to visit the Capital Grille with my girlfriend.  'Twas my birthday, and we had decided to splurge.    My love for this restaurant is never ending, and my birthday dinner did not disappoint.  So file this review under "gushing", as I drool just recalling the meal.
We started with lamb lollipops which were cooked to perfection, juicy  and crispy at the same time.  I don't think I've had them better prepared.  We then moved on to some of the largest shrimp I've had, which were fantastic and fresh.  We coupled this with a Wedge, which is simply Nature's Blue-cheese delivery device.  The lettuce was fresh, the dressing creamy and rich, overwhelming it's crispy, green counterpart with every forkful.  
After this impressive opening round, it was time for the main show:  The Kona-rubbed sirloin.  I still contend that this is one of the best steaks one can buy, and it easily holds it's own with the offerings at other steakhouses here in Philadelphia and in New York.  I had it prepared medium rare, and it came as exactly as such;  Every kona-flavored bite was heaven.  My girlfriend went with the pan-seared tuna, which was fantastic as well, though it did not appease my carnivorous delight as the steak did. I was at a steakhouse, and I was focused on steak.  A single word was not spoken while I enjoyed this beautiful cut of meat.
While attempting to recover from the aforementioned bovine-based bliss, they brought out a slice of cheesecake as a birthday surprise.  While this may seem a bit over the top given the amount we had both eaten at this point, we soldiered forth, disregarding our own well-being and enjoying every creamy, sweet, and tart bite.
The service was impeccable and extremely attentive without being overwhelming, as I have come to expect at the Capital Grille.  We even had the opportunity to chat with one of the managing partners, Miguel, for a bit.  Definitely one of the best and most memorable meals I have had, and an excellent birthday.In my opinion, The Capital Grille is the best of the high end steakhouse chains. The quality of the food, the design of the restaurants, the over all vibe all add up to more than Morton's, S&W, Ruth's etc.  I have been to I think 6 or 7 locations (so far Houston galleria is my Fave if I had to choose one).  
This is my first Cap Grille review, I'll get to others in near future. 
This was my least favorite of the ones I've been to.  Not that it's significantly "worse" than the others, just not as over-all complete as others.  And, well, the special that night really kinda blew.  I've added a picture 'cause i feel like I had to share. Scallops with some sort of balsamic glaze.  Really wasn't good.  UGLY for starters.  Not really much of a glaze, kinda like a vinaigrette, but with out any real flavor.  
Spinach salad was quite good as always.  Great filet, as always.  Pretty OK wine by glass selection/pricing.
Service- tired, a little uninterested, but adequate, at lesser prices.  Should have been better.  Seated near the kitchen, where servers congregate, kibbitz and snear.  The manager should pay better attention to this (she was partaking in it) as customers do notice and might not be there to listen to the waitstaff bs.
Overall, fine.  Still will go back when I want a steak in Philly.We were given complimentary  vodka martinis' from a wine CHOP wine benefit. It was a nice evening, we had a fillet grilled perfectly along with mushrooms, iceberg wedge and a giant baked potato . Our waiter Alex forgot to offer us sour cream or butter. When we asked him for some sour cream he brought it right over. Waiting for a table was, was a little stressful but the quality and prep of the food was really worth it. Alex understood New Zea land  wine and was a really helpful waiter. The level of flavor  was well worth the price.24oz dried aged porterhouse with 15 year old balsamic vinegar on top...BEST STEAK EVER!The food was great.  The service was horrible.  It was Father's Day but the place was only 1/4 full so there really was no excuse for our waitress to ignore our needs repeatedly.  I expect more for the money.Enjoyed a wonderful lunch with husband and daughters several years ago. It was such a wonderful experience. Food delicious and service wonderful too! Recommend it highly for a great experience.first time at the center city location. sat at the bar and had exceptional by the bartender claire. she was super friendly and kept my glass of Rodney Strong  filled. suggested i try the calamari, it was mediocre however the lollipop lambchops and the crock french onion were out of this world. perfect location for a fancy date in the heart of philadelphia!My husband and I took advantage of the pre-theater dinner.  I chose salad as my appetizer and it was an average salad with too much dressing.  My main course was filet mignon.  The meat was exceptional - tender and cooked to perfection.  The sides were a mixed bag.  The mashed potatoes were very good but the creamed spinach was over salted and this comment is coming from a person who happens to like food that is a bit over salted.  The desserts were average.  My husband's cheesecake was overly dense and not creamy and my creme brulee was cold and as a result, too thick.  The dinner was a good value - worth it for the steak alone but it could have been so much better.If given a choice between a Ruth's Chris and the Capital Grille, I will take the Capital Grille every time. First class food, service, and atmosphere all the way. Located VERY close to city hall - probably the most beautiful city hall in all of America. The martinis here are superb!
Go, see, eat!!Only been here once. Ordered a steak dish. Me and beef - not the most familiar companions but more like two strangers on a date. I do not know much about beef, even though I have been cutting beef for my parents' business since age 10. Maybe I should have paid more attention. Never too late to learn. Someone brought me here, it was like what $30-$40 for plate or something then, because the bill came to $80. It was good. But I can't compare it because I currently not regular meat eater. Might go back to try something else someday. Now that I think of it, I do need my once a month go to place for red meat. Could you be my iron supplement, Capital Grille? We will have to see... I would have to interview and date other red meat restaurants before I decide as I have nothing to really compare you to. ;-P I hope you don't mind.One thing I have come to appreciate about this chain is that they are consistently outstanding. The same great food, decor, and service we receive in Connecticut is the same service we will receive in Illinois, Pennsylvania, ect. I will have breakast or lunch anywhere to sample the local cuseine but when it comes to dinner we always eat at The Capitol Grill when possible.I made reservations for date night for a certain time and when we got there the table was ready and we were seated immediately. We came during restaurant week so we went with that menu mostly. You can do an add-on or replace items for a fee. So for example they offer a clam chowder but for $5 you can change it to lobster. You can also add a lobster tail to you main dish for $10 so that's what you see in the picture. My boyfriend added it but I didn't. We both got the Caesar Salad, he got a 14 oz steak and I got the salmon. We got green beans and mash potatoes on the side. I wasn't impressed with the mash potatoes. I was soft but I've had better earlier that week. We also got a side of lobster Mac-n-Cheese because everyone on here talks about it. It was very good HOWEVER they could have cooked the pasta a little more. It was still quite hard but we ate it all. At the very end we couldn't finish everything. It was just so much food. 
Now for the service... the waiter was nice... attentive... but sexist. When it came to ordering things outside the restaurant week menu he would look to my boyfriend to confirm that it was ok to add those things. When we were deciding on wine I was the one who had specific requests on the taste and when the waiter brought back one he didn't have me try it because clearly didn't matter.Came here for a 7.30 reservation on a Tuesday night, admittedly during Restaurant Week. We arrived 10 minutes early and the lobby was packed. We waited around 20 minutes and were seated by 7.40.
Can't fault the food - it was exceptional. This has to be one of the best Restaurant Week value deals in the City. Our steaks (dry aged, 14oz rib-eye) were delicious, if not a touch over done (my medium rare was a solid medium and my husband's medium was a medium well). Regardless, delicious. Sides were ON POINT. Seriously dreaming of those mashed potatoes and delicious green beans. We ordered Truffle Fries as well and they were superb. Dessert was flawless. Bonus points for having Restaurant Week cocktail & wine specials. 
Service however was...meh. We felt rushed from the moment we sat down. No coat check was offered so we awkwardly bundled coats & scarves onto the backs of our chairs. It took flagging down 2 seperate people to get us water. The waitress seemed distracted & busy and it lacked the class and poise of some of the other steakhouses in the city. 
While the food was great, I don't think I'd be happy with the experience if I was paying non-Restaurant Week prices.I had to drive from nyc after work to philly, this place was close by city hall so I stopped in. Had the calamari, good but too spicy and followed with the chicken  confit, good place but way too expensive. I would go back but I would look for other choices first.For me this is a tossup between here and Del Friscos. Capital (just barely) in the food department but Friscos has that atmosphere. This is more intimate seating but just doesn't have that grand pop of Friscos. I think they are both superb and it is simply a tossup between both of them.An awesome dining experience.  Waiter was knowledgeable, but not stuffy.  He was fun.  
I think it is a tad overpriced, though.Bob our server was excellent! Food was great as usual and for it to be New Year Eve, everything went great! The chef even came and greeted us. We are frequent customers and they are always are on point. Love this placeI came in for restaurant week with three friends. Was alittle concern about trying the capital grille during restaurant week but had to try. Our server Monique Blakeley was superb. She took our drink orders, came back with drinks and then took our order.
I had the clam chowder, kona steak and flour less chocolate cake. All were delicious. I also got to try the salmon and the hint of lemon was just right. The grapefruit buck was great. Refreshing and just right. 
I really enjoyed the service and food here. Amazing food, amazing service and an amazingly stuffed woman with a foodcoma, ready for bed. Lol. 
Can't wait to come back and bring my husband.I took my bf to Capital Grill for his birthday. 
They made him a birthday card from the restaurant, took our picture, offered a sample of something the chef was preparing in the back which was yummy and gave us a complimentary champagne toast to celebrate :)
The food was AMAZING!
I ordered the filet ($42 for just the steak - which was as tender as a stick of butter *hallelujah hands*). We shared the lobster mac-n-cheese (WHICH WAS HEAVEN IN MY MOUTH) and the sauteed spinach.
The service was amazing. The food was delicious and the ambiance was fairly romantic.
We will be going back for my bday and for restaurant week ;)This restaurant is a steak house that provides a variety of steak, seafood and other accompaniments to the diverse pallet. I frequent the Capital Grille for lunch during the week while at work. The staff is always attentive and courteous upon arrival. 
The lunch menu is expansive with many options. I personally love the salmon. The salmon is always moist and succulent. The Capital Grille recently introduced an $18 lunch menu. The menu has an array of steak sliders, scallops, watermelon salad and other scrumptious dishes. 
I have also gone here for restaurant week and have never been disappointed. I personally am a bread lover and they serve several kinds of bread options. From the hot rolls with ample butter provided to the crisp flat-bread. This is a place you must try.Thanks to vouchers we had received through Yelp, we started off dinner with a round of Stoli Doli (delicious pineapple-infused martinis that are not sweet) and an order of Pan-Fried Calamari (a very large portion.  Hint: don't make the mistake I did and look at the calorie count available on the back of the menu)
I was very pleased with the Filet Mignon (no petite filets are offered, just know that you may have to take some home).  The Sam's Mashed Potatoes were incredible...so delicious.  We also tried the Fresh Creamed Spinach (fresh, but basic) and the Parmesan Truffled Fries (actually not as tasty as we were hoping).Congrats on spelling both words right and finding this page. Now on to the review- Took my wife there for an anniversary dinner. Have probably been there about 8 times over 16 years.
Here's what they got right:
- When I made reservations, we were originally told that they only had space in the lounge area. Full service, but I know it can get noisy. I accepted, but they ended up seating us in a quiet area. 
- Before we even sat down, we saw a 'Happy Anniversary' decoration on the table. So many restaurants ask if it's a special event, but then you cannot tell that they cared. 
- I asked if they had a specific scotch (Glenmorangie). The waiter, Eric, had already asked if we'd dined there before, but he still pulled out a little tablet and showed me the price: 800% markup on a shot, according to my calculation. I won't mention whether I went ahead and ordered it, but the point is, I did not have to wait for the bill to find out about this markup. Major points for this! Much appreciated.
- The food was delicious, as always. Wifey got salmon and I had a South African lobster tail special, but if you haven't had the steak here, I recommend it highly. Dry aged. There's nothing better. Still, the lobster tail was amazing. Lemon asparagus to share.
- The waiter was funny and almost chatty, but in a soft, occasional, and non-aggressive way. In other words, he seemed like he was having a good time even though he was clearly very busy. The place was packed. He gave us plenty of space where we needed it, but when our initial settings got cleared and I asked for a knife, zoom- he appeared with a knife.
- Free anniversary dessert! Two little cakes: a cheesecake and a chocolate cake made an appearance before we could decide if we were too full to order something. I won't bore you with the details, but it was quite a display, with chocolate lettering as well.
I was also here for lunch with my family before Book of Mormon and it was fantastic.
Whoever is managing the Chestnut at Broad location is doing a damn fine job. I haven't been to the others except in D.C. and that was also great (for lunch).   
I can't think of anything bad except that we eventually had to leave.My favorite steakhouse in the city...the mashed potatoes are to die for.....
I recommend getting an extra side of the au jus for your steak because it is delicious.I came here for Restaurant Week feeling super excited about the lunch menu. I had already picked out beforehand the dishes I wanted before even entering the building.
As a seafood lover, I knew I wanted the Clam Chowder, the Crab and Lobster Burger, and the Creme Brulee. When the courses came out, the portions were HUGE, the flavors acceptable, and I went on with my life...
The food was really an "ok." It doesn't disappoint but neither does it impress. The service, though, was impeccable!I love this place. Always a delight when I sit to order. Our waiter was a little stale but overall i love the place. I ordered the rack of lamb and couldn't resist pulling them apart with my fingers (I know savage) but it's so savoring  that you can't help it. Place was definitely set for a romantic dinner, so if you're looking for a nice spot to take your date, this location definitely set the tone for you.
Their birthday treat was yum. I'm a big cheesecake lover and appreciated every single bite. Overall, just grace your life with the experience of eating here.By far the best dining experience i have ever had.  My Fiance and friends and i all ordered different dishes so we can all try everything.  The rack of lamb was amazing.  And since it was my birthday they gave me a free desert.  It was creme bruele with a candle in it.  AMAZING!Decent food, but I guess like all steakhouses, just not a great value. But I suppose I only LIKE steak, not LOVE it. Prefer spending much less with actual chefs in the city. But whatevs. To each their own.Went for the first time last night with my parents and my husband. It was a great experience from start to finish! My Dad is a vegan so going to a steak house and joining us for dinner is usually out of the question. My dad called the restaurant before we went and explained that he would really like to join us for dinner but feels he can't because there is never anything for him to eat.The manager assured my dad but they would accommodate his needs. When we got there the waiter knew exactly Who we were and that my dad would need a vegan dish. The chef brought my dads dish out and it looked amazing! We also enjoyed our appetizers and steaks. My husband said his steak was the best he's ever had! Our server was Joffrey who was very attentiveand overall a great great server! The restaurant itself is very elegant looking, busy, but you are able to hold a conversation. The wine selection is just as good as the food. We will be coming again. Well done capital grill!My dad loves steak, so when the parents visited last we had to go to The Capital Grille.  The staff was friendly and very well mannered.  I do not eat steak that frequently but as the saying goes: "When in Rome do as the Romans do."  It would not make any sense to me not to indulge in a niece piece of meat.
The appetizers were OK, we had the carpaccio and the calamari.  
On the other hand the steaks were absolutely wonderful. The waitress suggested The Delmonico Steak and I thank god listened!!!  
I ordered my steak medium well,  as opposed to my dear father, who likes it very rare. I love and respect my father but sometimes I wonder why not skip the restaurant part with him and let him loose among the cattle. He could chase behind his own steak and eat it right there. 
The wine that we had with dinner was exquisite. The night could not have ended better than with a magnificent CREME BRULEE!!!Capital Grille is so good! Went for restaurant week which is a GREAT deal and also makes this review bias. Service was exquisite! We had coffee seasoned steak with mashed potatoes and spinach. Steak was cooked perfectly. Portions were pretty big. Clam chowder and salad were pretty typical. Desserts were rich and velvety (chocolate mousee cake). I would definitely go back to Capital Grille.My recent experience at this high-end chain restaurant was quite disappointing. I understand it got pretty busy during dinner time, but it was amazing how many times we could not find our waiter. It was like he completely forgot about us! Other servers started coming to our table to assist us since ours could not be located. The food here was also disappointing and did not meet the same standards I experienced at their Milwaukee, WI location. My rib-eye was undercooked yet charred on the outside. The seasoning tasted just like salt and pepper if I could get a taste of it beyond the charred crust. Our server didn't really bother trying to talk to us other than to get our order. The few slices of beef carpaccio was completely hidden underneath the overwhelming pile of arugula. For these prices, I can definitely find something better elsewhere.I have been wanting to try this place for the longest time and finally got the change to at a company dinner I had on a business trip in Philly. Very nice restaurant inside and they were very accommodating to our large group. I ordered the Double Cut Lamb Rib Chops and wow they were amazing. Very moist & juicy and great flavor. Our table also ordered sides of asparagus, creamed corn, and macaroni & cheese. The sides were perfect. I will also say our waiter was excellent. He was very friendly, helpful with our questions and pretty funny as well. Overall a great meal and I can't wait to go back.Four of us were here for a business dinner.  We arrived at different times so two of us had a drink at the bar before the others arrived.  One of the drinks was less than inspiring, too sweet. The setting is magnificent, warm woods and subdued lighting throughout, reminds one of an old time gentlemen's private club complete with private liquor lockers.  Vance, our server patiently explained the menu and the specials of the evening.  Throughout the evening he was efficient, friendly yet professional, and most attentive to our needs. The shared calamari appetizer was excellent, tender and flavorful.  The two seafood entrees were delightful, moist and cooked to perfection.  Ironically, for a "steak house," the dry aged steaks were uninspiring.  One, ordered medium well, came out more well than medium.  The other, ordered medium rare came out more medium than rare.  Bottom line is that they were no better than one would cook at home.  The side dishes, creamed spinach and potatoes au gratin were just ordinary.  Maybe it was an off night but, other than the service provided by Vance, it was not up to the standards we expected from the Capital  Grill.My wife and I had planned on visiting another nearby restaurant but it was closed the day we went to Philadelphia.
We found the Capital Grille using Yelp and figured we'd give it a try.
Angelina was our server and she was great. We tried the Lobster Bisque and it was the best we have ever had. Angelina brought us a complimentary serving of calamari which was delicious and a very nice surprise.
My Ahi tuna was perfectly prepared and delicious; my wife loved her Lobster roll.
All in all a great meal, wonderful service and not a bad "second choice"Top tier service and great food.  This restaurant is a great spot to relax and is classy.  Whether you're eating at a table our sitting at the bar, you'll be taken care of and enjoy the refined service.  Make sure you bring your wallet as it is expensive but worth it.  Their drink menu is on iPads! Cocktails are perfect.  Stopping in for a drink or two at the bar is always a good choice when in the city.Not fond of the bar area in Center City Philly location. We sat at the high top tables and it felt like we were on display for everyone who walked into the restaurant. There should be a transition from the entry to the bar area, but it is the city, so space is limited.  Shrimp cocktail was very fresh, as was the crab cocktail. Steak tar tar was good. We loved the focaccia bread. The flatbread could use some seasoning to make it more flavorful. Waitstaff was fun and very attentive. I prefer the KOP location, but it's nice to have the Capital Grille option in the city as well.Great dinner in Dec 20 with family.
Service was great drum the start all the way to end.
Porterhouse, Lamb Chops, and Ribeye were all very tasty and cooked perfectly 
Salads and sides good too.
Worth the price for a special event.Capital Grille in Philadelphia is my #1 resturant.  Service and food quality is AMAZING.  Best steak PERIOD.  
Sides and dessrts are great also. Like I said, my favorite resturant in the country.  
My only complaint is the price can be very expensive, so I cant go as often as i would like, but it is darn good!I have been to capital grille 3 times, and each time is as good as the first. Yesterday May 2nd, 2015 I went for my birthday (party of 8) and had an excellent time. Mary Alice is the best waitress in the house I would recommend asking for her. I had the salmon, my mother the sea bass, and other members of my party chicken and steak. Everything tasted great! The staff was friendly and they went above and beyond to make me feel special.I loved this restaurant! I had my post wedding dinner here and it was beautiful!! the put us in a private dining room, and also gave us champagne and dessert on them. the food was a little pricey but it was definitely worth it. If you are on a budget i would suggest order the chicken and one side to split between 2 people. I loved it though! also our waitress was very funny and nice. Definitely will be returning!!I can truly say I have never had a bad meal at Capital Grille! The ambience is elegant, the service is amazing & they know how to cook a steak...Not to mention the truffle fries! (I've actually had my husband order them to bring home when he is in the city) I am not a big fried food eater, but they are a serious exception! You will have a hard time getting in without reservations so make them far in advance. My husband and I always say "When all else fails..Capital Grille!"Not bad. I only ordered a couple of sides: the lobster Mac was okay. According to my own taste buds, it was not as GREAT as I expected, given all the hype.  But it was okay. I guess I would rate the lobster Mac a 2.0. On the other hand, the creamed corn with bacon deserves 4.5 stars!
Overall, I rate this dining experience a 2.5.I'm really digging the vibe at The Capital Grille, reminds you of a scene from Mad Men... the hosts and servers look mighty dapper, many donning bow ties, as you brush past men at the bar in suits drinking after happy hour had long passed. It was restaurant week and I couldn't resist the urge to get some steak at a great price. I've heard a lot about the kona crusted steak so my mind was already set as soon as I placed the reservation. We arrived close to 10pm but it seemed earlier because this place was still hoppin. We decided to try an appetizer from the regular menu-- prosciutto wrapped with mozzarella with grape tomatoes. Not bad, but I expected it to enjoy it more. The saltiness from the prosciutto was overpowering and while the tomatoes helped sweeten it, they were hidden under the toasted bread. 
Afterwards, we received our appetizers rom the restaurant week menu. My guest got the lobster bisque and it was so delicious with hearty chunks of lobster. I got the salad and found it very satisfying as well...very generous in the greens and tomatoes. Then came the entree I'd been waiting for...kona crusted steak. mmmmmm. It's topped with light coffee sauce spread over the steak so if you're unsure if you'll like it, ask for the sauce on the side. There's really only a hint of coffee taste to the steak. It was cooked perfectly...the medium well was still soft and not hard or overcooked. The medium rare was tender and juicy. I decided to add the crab meat on top and I'd have to say, it's not worth the extra bucks. Then came the dessert...my creme brule was burnt a little but the custard was sweet and creamy. The flour less chocolate cake was what really shined...very dense, chocolaty and rich. 
Lastly, service was great. We had a nice waiter who answered questions about the menu and was very efficient.Went out for restaurant week and the food was fabulous, the waitrons were attentive all round great experiencemessed up my order (ordered rare dry aged sirloin but i got well-done porterhouse), chef came out and apologized personally, and brought out another one in minutes. steaks are awesome as well as sides (lobster macnchz) and appetizers. good selection of wines as well.I had a terrible experience here. Food completely overpriced for its quality. Service would ridiculously bad. I'm appalled by their disregard of customer service. Clearly unaware of social norms. Treating us like we are less than other people. They need to get their priorities in check before they begin to lose customers like us.As we walked in I immediately got the feeling I was in a chain restaurant. A lot of noise and movement, but nobody really in control. One person asked us about our reservation, then promptly turned their attention to another party, so we needed to deal with another person to get our table. We had to ask about coat check, though we were carrying coats and wet umbrellas. At an establishment such as this one pretends to be an offer to take our coats should have been made right away. 
The person who sat us was nice, but imparted no information other than giving us a menu. Like all the other servers, he seemed just an employee with no stake in the dining experience. Our server was competent, but no more so than I would expect at its corporate sibling, Olive Garden. The environment was crowded and overly noisy. The table had a chintzy battery-operated lamp on an already crowded table, adding neither light nor atmosphere; just clutter. 
My wife started with the shrimp cocktail. The ice was well on its way to melting, so the shrimp simply sank into the water. My Caesar salad was good, but not overwhelming. My wife liked her Chilean Sea Bass, though it was a bit salty (caveat: we find most restaurants over-salt). My filet was good. But at $50 a la carte I expect a lot more than good. Just because a piece of meat is big does not make it good. I've had much better filet at lower prices. The fingerling potatoes were a small portion for what was supposed to be a table-sharing side, and of a quality I expect from a much lower priced restaurant. There was simply no feeling that the food was planned or prepared by somebody who cared. 
We decided against dessert, having been so thoroughly disappointed by the meal. 
We had high hopes for this restaurant, but instead found just a mediocre corporate faux fine dining establishment. All in all this was an amazingly disappointing restaurant experience from a much-vaunted establishment that didn't come close to matching what we expected, much less out-performing many of the better, more reasonably-priced restaurants in Philadelphia,Excellent setting & delicious dinner
Service was personalized & outstanding
Ann & HollisAte here for the first time during restaurant week and it was as great as people said! The waitstaff was so helpful and accomodating and the food was delicious! Definitely pricey, so better suited for a special occasion, but aside from that, have nothing but positive things to say! Delish!Fantastic. I took my fiancé here for lunch the other day during restaurant week, and everything was very impressive. The waiter, James, made waiting a table into an art form, and the food was outstanding. What also piqued my interest was the $18 lunch plates. Definitely an option for splurging on a budget.For those of you who have been to the Capital Grille in Center City Philadelphia let me begin by saying this place is much brighter and much more open than it sister restaurant. I went for lunch and the staff is slightly more casually dressed than they are at dinner time and the level of service is just as spectacular!  When we were first seated the waiter whose, name was Bill, was very cognizant of the fact that we were there during business hours and asked if there is any special need to rush hour meal. We were not in a rush but I did notice that other tables were in and out much more quickly than we were at an hour and a half for 5 people.
 Much of the menu is similar to the dinner menu but smaller portions and slightly less expensive. They have a very nice option where you can create your own meal with a soup or salad entree and a side for under 20 dollars. I had the lobster bisque which is absolutely to die for grilled scallops and a new side dish of butternut squash with cranberry chutney. Everything was as delicious as can be expected from Capital Grille. 
All in all I think I might actually prefer the King of Prussia location over the center city location.For me, the service is a big part of the meal. At Capital Grille, the service is AMAZING. We were 25 minutes late on our reservation on a Saturday night that was very busy. We didn't wait more than 2 minutes to get a table. 
Aside from the staff, the food was either pretty good to excellent. Nevertheless, I was not disappointed. The complimentary fresh rolls, the mashed potatoes, the exquisite meats prepared to perfection, and the wonderful desert were all delicious. The flavoring could have been a little more on point, though. Overall, I highly recommend this place. Oh, do not forget to get drinks here!Get the lobster and crab cakes, the filet mingnon is cooked perfectly and melts in your mouth. Lobster tail was also great. Skip the cedar planked salmon, had no flavor... Also skip the asparagus unless you like it covered in red pepper flakes. Aside from that- Love capital grille!I can't say enough good things about the graduation dinner I just had at the Capital Grille! I made the reservation a few months ago on Open Table, stating it was for graduation dinner. My family and I arrived about an hour earlier than our reservation since it ended earlier than expected and my grandfather, who can't walk very much, was with us. We were able to be seated at our table within 5 minutes of arriving, thanks to Alyssa the hostess. The table had some celebration confetti on it which was a nice touch! Our server, Bob, was fantastic and very accommodating. I spent some time serving in a fine dining- type restaurant, so I know how much work it can be. I would absolutely come back again just from Bob's service and attention to detail. Waters were refilled quickly and he answered all the questions we had about entrees. My mom's filet was a bit rare for her liking so it was cooked a little bit more with no troubles. Lobster mac and cheese and au gratin potatoes were excellent pairing with the filet. They also brought out a dessert sampler for the celebration. My family and I will definitely return next time we have a big event to celebrate!I have been here many times and now I'm done.  Just like the steak that I ordered medium rare and it came well done.  The waiter quickly walked by and very quickly asked is everything ok.  Before I had a chance to stop him he was gone.  I would have sent my steak back but he was gone.  I was with a group and did not want to wait while everyone else was eating.  I've been there before when the steak was served way to rare or very well when ordered medium rare.  My well done steak was dry and flavorless.  NO MORE! There are too many wonderful choices available.Cons: we sat by a window and it was freezing. My one side of my body became numb. Our food order had a bunch of mistakes and they ran out of food (Brussel sprouts and cauliflower ) by 7.
Pro: appetizers - we got the lobster bisque,  Ceasars and field green salads, and crab cakes. The apps were amazing.
Dinner- we both got the dry aged porterhouse steak, lobster mac, truffle fries. My steak came out raw and I asked for medium. They fixed it and it was delicious. Truffle fries were very good. It was my first time trying truffle but loved it. Bitter and salty.  The lobster mac was good also.
Dessert- we got a free dessert because of all the mistakes with our order. It was the Brule cheesecake and flour less chocolate cake. The cake was fudgey and dense and amazing. Now, the heavenly cheesecake. The best I've ever had. Hands down. My eyes watered because of the pure ecstasy I felt. That's a must have with their sauce. 
Overall, it was a romantic dinner. It was really busy so our server was swamped. However, she was a sweetheart. Just wish I wasn't so cold, but oh well.I have dined here twice; both times were at a sponsored dinner.  Both experiences were completely fantastic.  
The first dinner was a few years ago, but I can still clearly recall the very friendly and professional host escorting my friends and I to a meeting room.  I remember the Kona steak was phenomenal and the service was perfect--prompt, efficient, friendly, and upbeat.
My most recent visit was a few days ago.  I was pleasantly surprised to see that nothing has changed.  The host was quick to note our arrival and escorted us directly to the meeting room.  
As soon as I sat down, a menu was handed to me and a friendly waitress was asking me what I would like to drink.  The appetizers--calamari and peppers, wagyu carpaccio, and lobster-crab cakes--arrived soon after.  The peppers added a tasty bite to the chewy calamari with the crunchy coating.  The carpaccio was delicious and the lobster-crab cakes were divine.  Everyone at my table of five people remarked favorably about the lobster-crab cakes.
Field green salad was very good but served as a mere diversion before the amazing main course: the Kona rub steak.  I devoured as much as I could and relished every bite.  Dessert arrived and I couldn't help but try to stuff as much of each as I could.  The creme brulee was fabulous--not too sweet or overly eggy/creamy--just smooth, lightly sweet, and with a perfect caramelized top.  The creme brulee cheesecake and chocolate cake were decadent and oh-so-yummy.
This place offers incredible food and impeccable service.  I wish every sponsored dinner took place here.We visited a vey months ago.   Robert Stimmel gave excellent service and attention.   I kept his card and just got time to review.  It was a great meal with excellent service.Went during restaurant week... Food was great but we had to wait and our table was mostly forgotten... We had to stop random waiters to serve us because our waiter was not doing his job...Great food, great service and also generous portions during restaurant week. With the way the rooms are set up, it can be very loud.My now-boyfriend and I went here on our 2nd or so date. I was very impressed by how fancy it was; it wasn't until a week or two later that I learned it's a chain. They have a coat check, so I thought I was entering fancy-pants land. The waitstaff was very attentive and responsive, though the specials of the day spiel went on for like 5 minutes straight, no joke. And they seemed a little perturbed by the fact that we didn't order wine...uh, sorry? 
We both had steak--I had filet mignon, and he had something bigger...I don't remember which one. It was very, very good. The place was a little loud, especially because the tables are pretty close together. However, they fit us in between reservations even though we just stopped in, but we never felt rushed to get out of there.
I'll state the obvious--it's hella pricey. I got the cheapest steak cut on the menu, and it was over $30 (I don't remember exactly, and they don't put the prices online--sneaky!)
I love/hate that they put the calories on the menu. The diet-conscious me is like, "Yay! I can make a healthier choice!" Then the hungry Cookie Monster side of me is like, "Eff the calories, me want cheesecake!"
BTW, boyfriend and I both love cheesecake. Theirs was about a 4/5--very, very good. Overall, definitely a place I'd recommend for date night.I could swear that I've written a review of this place already, and yet, here I am, writing this review [again]*.
I've only got one thing to say about this place: 
Ribeye Steak Sandwich with Caramelized Onions and Havarti Cheese**
It's my staple here and I've never been disappointed. The steak comes out perfectly cooked (I normally order medium rare for that perfect texture and meat taste) on a soft, but delicious piece of bread,*** with onions, cheese, and a hint of A1 sauce for flavor. 
The fries that come with are good, but the steak sandwich really steals the show. I've also had the coconut cream pie here, which was decent and made exactly the way it's suppose to be with light, well whipped cream and all that jazz - I'm just not a big fan of cream pies in general. 
During my first Capital Grille visit, before I knew about the steak sandwich, I ordered a Caesar salad with chicken. It was delicious with crisp vegetables and tender chicken breast. The service blew me away (such that I ended up tipping $9 for an $11 salad).****
That being said, service has always been very good (if not the above, beyond, and then some of my first time), and they try their best to accommodate, even when they're very busy (which happens often during lunch time). The atmosphere is elegant and perfect for business lunches.
I would give this place 5 stars, but it's difficult to do so when I have made no forays into the rest of the offerings on the menu. 
I'm sure that some day***** I will branch out and try something else, but until then, no need for a menu please, I know what I'll be getting!
----------------------------------
* Maybe it's all in my head, or I've been dreaming of eating and reviewing The Capital Grille once too often.
** And if you think THAT was a mouthful, wait until you actually try the sandwich!
*** As only Philly can do right - the bread is what makes a Philly Cheesesteak so good
**** Funny story (now that I'm looking back on it a few years later), where I arrived a few hours early for an interview - and thought to sit, relax and eat to calm my nerves. They sat me at the bar and I had already ordered, when, to my horror, I realized that I didn't leave the key for the valet. I explained briefly to the server that I had to step out, rushed over (running in heels and a skirt suit) to the lot and back - and when I sat down again, the server cheerfully brought my salad out and all was right with the world again. I know it doesn't sound like much, but the server's great attitude really made my day.
***** When hell freezes over ... or if they stop serving that sandwichA great steak can be had (Kona Crusted) at Capital Grille but what's even better is the Lobster Mac n Cheese! Highly recommended eats and a staff that's very knowledgable about their menu and wine pairings! $$$ but well worth it.Back again for Restaurant week  our server George T was very polite & knowledgeable of menu and service!  Was disappointed this time no lobster bisque soup on menu  this was to die for last time! Ordered clam chowder normal, Caesar  salad was a big disappointment 
Filet mignon & Bone-in dry aged sirloin was cooked to perfection  desert was flourless expresso cake! Traffic was heavy due to summer time ! Valet out front is a big plus  no waiting or driving around looking for parking ! Looking forward to coming back again in winterPhenomenal food, excellent friendly service (Rosemary is the best) would highly recommend and can't wait to come back and try some of their other steak options. Fyi the lobster and filet are simply wonderful.The best steak place in Philly, bar none.  I have been to Ruth Chris a few times, and Capital Grille twice.  Capital grille is the runaway winner.  The steaks are unbelievable, the wine is great, and the service is professional.  It is a bit expensive, and the bar can get very crowded.  The only downside is the steak stomach you get after you eat there!The restaurant was delicious. Our server Christopher King was amazing and very attentive.:) Definitely recommend!There is enough Scoth & mahogany in this place to make Ron Burgundy jelly (jealous, see knowyourmeme for more info).  Simply put this is my favorite steakhouse in Philadelphia.  It's shocking that Capital Grille is owned by the same Group that owns Olive Garden, Red Lobster & LongHorn Steakhouse.  Fear not though, none of that "chain" mentality carries over to the Capital Grill.  Great service, great food and the best steak I've found so far in Philly. FACT!I luv their seafood platter sampler.such a cool unexpensive but expensive looking fine dining placeWe ate here for Restaurant week...Food was fantastic it was actually the best steak I've ever had. My 3 star rating is because of the service .The waitress was very nice but she was very slow start to finish we were there for 2 1/2 hours..that was a ridiculous amount of time for a dinner outHeather Lewis and crew made our anniversary dinner special and amazing. Excellent food and service.
Highly recommend coming here.
Our Sauvignon Blanc Peter Lealand was delicious and from appetizer to dessert was a treat to savor. Thanks for the surprise dessert.This is the special occasion place which hits all the marks Bring your gold AmEx youll need it! We were celebrating our anniversary so when we arrrived at our table there was an anniversary card, long stemmed red rose and confetti on our intimate corner table for 2! They brought us a complimentary dessert tray emblazoned with happy anniversary in chocolate! If that wasnt enough say hello to the worlds best bread basket and caesar salad! My filet was cooked perfectly! Order several sides- get half portions which aremore than enough for 2! Waiter was Bob who was a little cloying but meant wellI went to The Capital Grille with a group of food-loving friends, and we had a fantastic time. I added diver scallops to my entree (lobster and steak) and they were amazing. The Capital Grille is a pricey meal but it's definitely worth the splurge. Their desserts are amazing too! I highly recommend the chocolate hazelnut cake and the coconut cream pie. As a side, their creamed corn with smoked bacon is absolutely delicious. The waiters were so friendly as well.Cheesecake with the most perfect fruit on top. Delicious steak that is seasoned to perfection. Capital Grille just opened in Cincinnati and I'm excited to go but I hope it's as good as Philly's!!!My family came here to celebrate my survival in law school.  Our order consisted of the following:
French Onion Soup 
Filet mignon
Caesar salad
Porterhouse steaks
Creamed spinach
Au gratin potatoes
Yummy.  We had a Robert Mondavi red to go with the dinner.  Not the best steak I've ever had but it was a solid steak.  I've been to the original CG in Providence a bunch of times and this place feels different (because of the location more than the decor).  The service was fine.  Plenty of dining space.  It's on the Avenue of the Arts across from the Ritz so nice touristy area but still lots of locals.Whenever I go to high-end restaurants, I usually expect sub-par service because I look so damn young, but my boyfriend and I told our server that I was visiting from California, and he REALLY took care of us!
First I ordered some random martini, and for some reason, he already knew that I wasn't going to like it. He recommended the pineapple vodka, which turned out to be ON SPOT! Turns out they soak the pineapples in the vodka for 24 hours - it's a must try!
The service and food continued were PERFECT. Our server gave us a free sample of lobster meat on a wonton chip - which was DELICIOUS but not on the menu! So now of course he has our complete trust, so we asked the server for a recommendation for the appetizers, and he mentioned the Kobe Beef Carpaccio, which also wasn't on the menu. Of course we get it, and of course, delicious! 
My boyfriend also got the lobster bisque, and never have I seen such a GENEROUS chunk of lobster in lobster bisque before. He was almost full by the time the main course came out! I ordered a green salad, and I am REALLY not a salad person, but if all salads tasted like this, I would definitely be a lot healthier. 
We ordered the sirloin, which was supposed to come out as a salad, but our awesome server let us switch out the salad for another side. My boyfriend got the mashed potatoes, which were THE CREAMIEST potatoes i've ever had! I got asparagus, which was nothing special, but I can't complain because I wasn't even supposed to get it! :) And the steak? Wasn't a filet mignon, but still definitely steakhouse status. 
Came here on the last day of restaurant week, but still got the best service I've ever experienced! Good thing I live in Los Angeles, or i'd go broke from eating here all the time!I would really like to give this review 3 1/2 stars.  While the food deserves 5, the rest of the experience really brings it down.
The food at Capital Grille is amazing.  Our steaks were cooked to perfection and the sides were delish.  The lobster mac n cheese was so unbelievably good, I may need to add that to my "last meal on earth".  
However, food aside, everything else was....bad.  Our courses were rushed.  Our table of two was in a room along with a party of 7 and a party of 20 (!) broken into two tables.  This large party was so annoying - they were up and down, bumping into our chairs and talking across the tables.  And one woman, while bending over to show her friend her shoes, leaned her ass onto our table.  In addition to this circus, I was practically slammed into a wall by waitstaff moving a table while I was attempting to make my way back from the restroom.
I'm sorry, but for the prices this place charges, they should be cutting up your food and spoon feeding you.  The environment and service was equivalent to what you would receive at a place like TGIFridays, definitely not a fine dining experience.  While the food was amazing, I would really hesitate to go back again.I love this place. Always a delight when I sit to order. Our waiter was a little stale but overall i love the place. I ordered the rack of lamb and couldn't resist pulling them apart with my fingers (I know savage) but it's so savoring  that you can't help it. Place was definitely set for a romantic dinner, so if you're looking for a nice spot to take your date, this location definitely set the tone for you.
Their birthday treat was yum. I'm a big cheesecake lover and appreciated every single bite. Overall, just grace your life with the experience of eating here.We went for restaurant week and it was quite good.  Of course I had steak (a little over medium rare unfortunately) and they brought out family style mashed potatoes and creamed spinach, tasty.  The desserts were as expected, nothing special.  
I've been in the past and I'll go in the future, but $35 for steak dinner isn't something I'd turn down :)My father is a serious meat and potatoes kind of guy. He lives in Cape May, he hates the city, and he hates visiting. However, put him in Capital Grille and watch his demeanor change, be amazed as he starts to grin, even laugh and have a good time. Which for the fact that he's smack in the heart of Philly whilst doing it, always makes me giggle too.
I love Capital Grille and if I had boatloads of money I think I'd eat here very often. The food is great! I'm not really a red meat eater- except somehow when I am here I change and eat red meat. Perhaps they just handle it so well? Perhaps it's the influence of my meat and potatoes father? Who knows, either way, this place can make a partial vegetarian a happy carnivore so um beware? 
The food is delicious, the service sublime, and the drinks are awesome. 5 stars seriously.Always a great choice for a special occasion or just a get together.  The food is always consistent and the bartender Damien always impresses.  The service is top notch.  Consistency is the best way to explain the experience from top to bottom.Dropped by Capital Grill a few nights ago to be pleasantly surprised by some very very delicious steaks.  I am no steak connoisseur, just an avid eater,and I must say that I was quite pleased.  
Lots of old ladies working as waitresses but had some great service.  Ambiance was fitting for the steakhouse and made for an overall pleasurable visit. 
Nothing out of this world for the sides that I ordered (creamed spinach and some mashed potatoes) but it worked well with my filet mignon and the lady friend's dry aged sirloin.
Would recommend and 4 stars!I went here with my brother and his wife last Saturday. The food was ok but the service was great! Our waiter was very attentive and on point. I ordered the rib eye and it was delicious but it was the same quality of steal I would get at a local chai that's why I gave it 4 stars out of 5. The service was deceleration thought. The only problem I had was parking but otherwise I think the food was ok and the cost was a little over price for the food. Will probably go again but not anytime soon.This place is so good I forgot it was a chain. Went here for a dinner date during restaurant week. Glad we had a reservation because it was hella packed. The bread service was great--I'm one of those people that could eat just bread and be satisfied. The girlfriend ordered salad, filet mignon, and creme brulee, while I got lobster bisque, porterhouse steak, and chocolate expresso cake.
She said the filet mignon was probably the best she's ever had. The porterhouse was great, if a bit salty. The flourless chocolate expresso cake was heavenly--thick, decadent, smooth chocolate with a hint of coffee. Just thinking about it makes me drool.
I'm so glad we went during restaurant week, as the menu would have been much too expensive for us college students. The atmosphere was pretty romantic as it was dimly lit, but there were some business dinners going on as well. Our server was great; she made sure we were having a great experience. Would definitely come back!For a chain restaurant, this is a solid 4-star steakhouse.  Since I get in and out of NYC I have to save my 5-stars for the 'Old' NYC Steakhouses.  For tonight I had the Veal Chop and it was outstanding.  My partner had the filet mignon butterflied cut and both of our cuts were cooked perfect, med rear. We had great cocktails and a find glass of Zinfandel wine.The original, and THE BEST!  I'm such a total steak lover and this is DEFINITELY one of the best spots in Philly.Ralph at the bar offered us a unique The Capital Grille experience. We had fantastic drinks, appetizers, and a dessert. We felt first class the entire time. We had the lobster and crab cakes, tomato, basil and mozzarella.Purely about the service:
I took my customers here. Reserved their board room. They had a minimum of 1500$ before tips and taxes. Which I agreed assuming they will inform if we haven't crossed the limit. But that's exactly what happened. We were 300$-400$ short of the allocated budget. But we weren't informed but was added to the bill as "unmet minimum" - 316.56$. Yes I agree I should checked the bill but we just stuck in the card and realized the next day. I called Ryan Walker - manager. He said it was a mistake that the waiter didn't inform us that we didn't reach the required limit and said he will speak to his owner and figure out a way to compensate this. I followed up 3 times and every time he was apologetic and promised he will call back but never did. We planned for monthly dinner meetings but because of this service I wouldn't be taking them there again.Hostess were friendly, seating is always cramped they squeeze people into every corner when open tables are available. Food was  delicious waitress wasn't up to Capitol grille standards.I've heard there are 48 Capital Grille locations... 4 down (Washington, DC; New York, NY; Salt Lake City, UT; and most recently this location in the heart of downtown Philadelphia), 44 to go!
Great service (thank you Roz! It was a pleasure!)... Started with a Stoli Doli (Stoli vodka infused with pineapple... It's delicious but you must respect it!); great food (steak served as ordered... Perfect temperature); delicious sides; delectable dessert (warm double chocolate cake with port wine infused cherries and ice cream).
I've never been disappointed by the Capital Grille... Thank you for the consistency!
Cheers!Great overall experience! GREAT STEAK!
The capital grille has excellent service, which provides an easy escape from the craziness that is known as "center city". 
Although the service and ambiance is superb, the food was a real "hit or miss". Considering there prices, everything on this menu should be fresh and well seasoned. Unfortunately that's not the case for "capital grille". 
If you want to have an amazing steak dinner, this is the place for you; I just wouldn't recommend spending top dollar for anything too "out of the box" because it may let you down. 
1st order: 2 stars**
(Maine Lobster role with sautéed green beans.)
. The average person will usually really enjoy for there sandwich to overflow with flavor, so that they are able to delightfully enjoy some of its buttery and flavorful chunks individually. Unfortunately, that was not the case for this sandwich. Even though the sandwich was packed full of lobster claw, it didn't help because the meat itself was very bland and flavorless. the bread was way too toasted. It was falling apart and hard to eat because the bread was not sliced evenly throughout edge. I will admit that even though the sandwich wasn't the best, there green beans were really great! 
2nd order: 5 stars *****
(14oz. On the one Ribeye with Mashed potatoes.)
. Man oh man! I can't say enough about the amazing texture, and flavor from that beautiful slab of meat they brought to my table. It was honestly one of the most tender ribeye steaks I've had in a really long time. It was cooked beautifully (medium) and cut like butter. I would also highly recommend there mashed potatoes as well since there fresh flavor paired really well with my steak.I had given this restaurant five stars, but last night, during Restaurant Week, the soup was room temperature and both "medium well" steaks were burnt on the outside, fully cooked on the inside. I know they are busy during Restaurant Week, but they should not be so lax about quality. Restaurant Week customers matter too. My stepdad wanted to go to Capital Grille NOT during Restaurant Week and pay full-price, and I said try it during Restaurant Week first, and now he has got a bad impression of the restaurant because of this visit.My favorite steak house in the city, hands down.  Classy, high quality service, and a dynamite steak every time. I noticed a few reviews mentioned coming here during restaurant week i did not read what else they said in their reviews but I will tell you that Restaurant week is a nice excuse to try out a new restaurant that you have never heard of or been to. I think it is a mistake to go to a top of the line restaurant and expect to be treated like a king during restaurant week.  You have to imagine that the staff as a whole is probably not thrilled to deal with a bunch of whiney cheap pricks for a solid week.  I'm just saying.  Buck up and go for the real deal. don't skimp. If you can't afford to eat out don't.Seafood tower was delicious. We had a private room for party of eight and our waiter was awesome! We all enjoyed our entrees, appetizers and drinks.Never disappointed. Great food and great service. Mary was our server and she was so attentive, helpful and nice! The only downside was that we wanted to start the night with a drink at the bar and we were rushed to sit down at our table. Will certainly come back though!The Steaks were definitely good, but at this price range usually most steak houses are typically the same i think, it has a classic ol gentlemen type of feel to the place, try the french onion soup!We have been to this particular Capital Grille many times and I must say that this time was not a very good experience. First of all we were told before we were finished eating that we had a contractural agreement for this table for 2 hours and people were waiting for our table. In addition one of our guests had to send a steak back which I am OK with but what concerns me is the fact that this food was bitten into then crosses back into a kitchen.When someone spends south of one thousand dollars for dinner you shouldn't be rushed. The server was less than enthused. I did receive a call of apology. There is too many good steakhouses in the area to have that attitudeWas here for a business lunch.  Nothing like being treated by the boss!!  Plus I wanted to try this place since the movers and shakers of city hall apparently are regulars here.
Upon entering you'll have coat check, the host/hostess and a view of all the liquor lockers on the right.  Plaques will let you know who's paid handsomely to store their alcohol.  We waited a little while before we were seated, since it was a cold day out that got a little uncomfortable as people came in or left since we kept getting a draft.
Once seated we started off w the cold shellfish platter (YUM) and the wagyiu beef carpaccio (YUMMM).  I had the filet mignon (i know boring!!) BUT it was accompanied by a delicious peach martini!  I finished w. the flourless chocolate espresso cake (mmm good).  I forget what my coworkers had for their main courses but for dessert they had the double chocolate mint ice cream sandwich, key lime pie, chocolate hazelnut cake and the cheesecake with fresh berries.  Dessert was ALL delicious!!!
It was a great lunch but I think it was more the company than the food...Perhaps it was over-hype...I've frequented 4 other Capital Grille locations in Boston, Miami, Houston, New York; but not until a recent visit to Philly's own that I saw past its "corporate vibe" to consider it a place worthy to host personal and intimate celebrations. If you want to mark a special ocassion (anniversary/graduation/promotion) or just feel like being pampered with good food and fine service, the Capital Grille is the place for you. 
I have a love-hate relationship with beef (unrelated to PETA) but do enjoy a fine cut prepared by the pros. The Capital Grille is a "high-end steakhouse" and a classic one at that; their menu offers equal opportunity  blend of seafood, chicken, beef options.  The entrees are stand-alone and require you to dole out extra bucks for delicious side of spinach, potatoes in various styles, mushrooms. 
As an appetizer, I ate through the last spoonful of the "French Onion Soup". It had the right blend of flavorful broth topped with Gruyere cheese. You can tell it is prepared upon order---not that I would expect anything less from Capital Grille.  Others in my table ordered the Lobster Bisque, which isn't listed on the menu but apparently remains a house favorite. 
My friend and I shared the 14 oz ($40) filet mignon, which was cooked to medium perfection. We ordered 2 sides of Parmesan Truffle Fries and 1 side of Lobster Mac-N-Cheese. These were adequate portions to feed 6, with plenty of left-overs to take home. 
The decor/ambiance reminded me of cigar lounge-meets-library den elegance. 
In addition to fine food, I was really taken with their service: understated, gracious and accomodating. Truly worthy of 5-star marks.  We were an outgoing group of 6 but our server kept her cool, smiled, and just made it easy to reward her with a 28% tip. That's how amazing she was. 
Bottom line: the prices are high, but you'll be satisfied and content with the food/service. 
Helpful tip: I've noticed fellow yelpers give lower marks for an overcooked cut...at a place of this caliber, one should feel comfortable giving detailed explanation to your server and avoid taking the dreaded "well-done" route.I had Mother's Day Brunch here.  The food was delicious and our server was very attentive.  They even brought us an extra appetizer on the house.  My only complaints was the wait for drinks from the bar, and my son's macaroni and cheese, while tasty, was rather oily.  Thankfully he is one and will eat anything.  All in all, I will definitely be back.  I want to try the steak next time. Also the Creme Brûlée is delicious!Very good restaurant. We had dinner reservations for 7pm but got their around 6:15. We were worried they weren't going to seat us but the hostesses told us she would have a seat ready and within 2minutes we were seated. The food was over the top and absolutely amazing. We have been here before and it never disappoints. Great for teens and adults. Didn't seem many younger kids though but would be a perfect spot for them. Overall great job and we will be back soon!!
Lobster Mac n Cheese was fabulous!!Very expensive.  Even with many days advance reservations, they gave us a crap table by a doorway and restrooms in otherwise empty place.  Had a NY Strip, basically a bland, strange cut of meat that was half gristle.  Sides of vegatables were skimpy.  Wise aleck waiters make decisions for you.  Not familiar at all with drink orders.   
I have eaten at Steakhouses around the world and this chain never fails to dissappoint, both on quality and price.4 star review based on service only.
Lobster bisque was mediocre (only after supplementing with lobster from the 'seafood tower' which we enjoyed for untold hundreds) and 5 scallops entree for $40+ was a little ridiculous from a price stand point. 
Service was great and that covers a lot of holes. Based on this visit I would return but I wouldn't have such high culinary expectations. 
Solid option for business entertainment.A center city staple for power lunches and business dinners, or for when your just need a perfectly cooked steak.
The wedge has perfect tomatoes, the bacon is warm, salad is green and crisp.  Its a classic dish but its so often botched by steakhouses elsewhere.  Don't overlook this classic dish.
Steaks are dry-aged inhouse, cooked to perfection, and none of the sauces, rubs or boiling butter used by inferior places to cover-up their own cuts.  The steaks are just exactly what you expect, a thick cut of perfectly grilled meat.
The waiters are friendly and attentive, and always serving with a smile.
Even the breadbasket has multiple varieties of bread, and the basket is never empty, your water glass always full.Simply the best steak restaurant in Philly. If you want premium service and steak, this is the place to go (for a price, of course). When I was there with some friends, I ordered the Dry Aged Sirloin steak. First time it came out, it was a bit overcooked. The manager overheard my friends talking about how it was overcooked and immediately came over and got one of the waiters to cut the steak in half. When he saw that it was overcooked, he immediately sent it back and told them to make sure it was cooked properly. He apologized to us and offered us a free appetizer while we wait for the steak to get cooked again. I was pretty shocked cuz I didn't even ask for all of this to happen! At any rate, when the steak came out again the second time, it was cooked just as ordered, and it tasted great. Very satisfying, very awesome service. You can't get any better than this. It's why this place is rated the best steak house in Philly.I've tried Philly & KOP and prefer this location for its consistency and standards. I have enjoyed a number of dishes but as someone who is just developing a taste for red meat, I am reviewing only the pescatarian options and there are several. From salmon to scallops you are sure to enjoy. I would have given 5 stars however some of the sauces can be rather sweet so ask ahead snd get it on the side if in question.I had a very pleasant experience here on Saturday night. We were a walk-in and hoped to snag seats at the bar for a late dinner. While waiting for seats to open up, we put out name in for a table just in case. Less than 10 minutes later, we were sat at a high top table in the bar area. Lucky us.
Our server, Liv, was very friendly and responsive. The food (clam chowder, Caesar salad, & 22 oz bone-in ribeye) were terrific. Desert was just OK.
For an unplanned stop, this place delivered in all phases.The Capital Grille ist ein gediegenes, amerikanisches Restaurant im Herzen Philadelphias. Hier trifft sich die Geschäftswelt zum gehobeneren Business-Lunch ebenso wie die Familienfeier im Nebenraum. Ich kannte das Restaurant von einem Besuch vor ein paar Jahren und so steuerte ich es 2011 wieder zum Lunch an. Vom Host-Tresen am Eingang führt einen das adrett gekleidete Personal zu seinem Platz. Unabhängig von den Lichtverhältnissen draußen, herrscht drinnen eine gleichmäßig gedämpfte Helligkeit vor, die auch durch die eher kleinen Fenster kaum beeinflusst wird. Unser Kellner stellte sich uns vor und erklärte die umfangreichen Daily Specials. Unter anderem gab es eine Hummersuppe als Suppe des Tages und optional zu allen Hauptgerichten einen halben Hummerschwanz für $10 dazu.
Ich habe beides genutzt und sowohl die Suppe als auch ein Steak mit dem Hummerschwanz dazu bestellt.
Schon die Suppe war ein Gedicht und das nicht nur aus geschmacklicher Sicht. Beeindruckend war, dass wirklich große Mengen (und auch große Stücke) an Hummerfleisch in der Suppe schwammen.
Das Steak war gut und über jede Kritik erhaben, auch wenn ich schon bessere gegessen habe. Der Hummerschwanz als Beilage war gut investiert, denn auch hier gab es wieder ein Stück in anständiger Größe. Alles in allem tadellos  gutes Essen, 1a Service, edles Ambiente: Von mir gibt es 5 Sterne! (Update vom Februar 12: Unverändert tadellos!)Excellent service.  The NY Strip was thick, juicy and served as ordered (charred on the outside and medium on the inside). The appetizers, salads and side dishes were abundant and flavorful - easily shared. Overall, a first rate evening.After a day of flying from San Francisco to Philadelphia, I wasn't in the mood for upscale dining. I was wearing blue jeans and a fleece so I wandered over to McGillin's Olde Ale House for casual dining. The place was packed and noisy. I left right away to find another place for dinner. 
I came upon The Capital Grille. There was room at the bar so I sat down feeling about sheepish about being under-dressed. It didn't matter, however, as bartender Jamie welcomed me immediately and offered a menu which I gladly accepted. 
I ordered the Capital Grille chopped salad which was a mix of greens, tomatoes, artichoke hearts and other wonderful vegetables. My entree was a sliced fillet special with wild mushrooms in a savory sauce. 
With two drinks and a glass of wine my tab came to over $100, so the place isn't cheap. I'll only expense half of this but the extra out of my own pocket was well worth the dining experience. 
I'll return on my next trip to Philadelphia, but I'll make sure I wear my suit!I came here with a party of 13 for my birthday. Everything was going well until we were all done eating, and one of the waitresses takes my leftovers and throws it out. Mind you, I had an entire lobster tail left, along with steak, and half of my boyfriends steak. The plate was almost full of food and she did not ask me if I wanted it packed. I asked one of the other waiters to pack it but she just up and came out of no where and stacked plates on top of my food to throw it out. Who throws out an entire plate of food?!? And I even sliced my steak up so I wouldn't have to do it the next day! I then asked another waiter where my leftovers were and he said he would go to the back and check. After 30 mins or so, I thought they were cooking me another one because it was taking so long. He came back with the check and said "we took it off your bill because we don't know what happened to it" I know what happened! Someone threw it out. I felt like they should have told me sooner, instead of making us wait. And taking it off of my bill was nice, but I also had half of my boyfriends food on my plate. They could have handled this situation a little better granted we just spent a lot of money dining there with such a large party. I emailed them and they still have not responded to me. I will not be coming back.This review is for their lunch menu.  I was seated really quickly after being slightly late for my reservation.  Service was good throughout the meal. 
I ordered the Caesar salad, burger, and chocolate cake.  
- The Caesar salad is what you would expect out of a Caesar salad.  Standard.  
- I ordered my burger medium, but came back well done.  It's a huge thick patty that comes with lettuce, tomatoes, pickles, and cheese.  I've tried other things on their menu before, but this was the first and last time I order the burger.  I did enjoy the truffle fries - crispy and you can smell the truffle as you walk throughout the restaurant. 
- the flourless chocolate cake - it was good, but I probably prefer to have flour in my cake after eating this.  It was a bit too dense for me.I wanted to love this restaurant so much, but I just can't go above 3 stars - realistically 2.5. The food offerings, decor, and atmosphere are great.  We thoroughly enjoyed our appetizers - lobster bisque, shrimp cocktail and tomato and mozzarella salad. However, the entire evening was overshadowed by the fact that our server could not have been less attentive and slower than molasses. She may been overwhelmed with tables, but it doesn't excuse her utter lack of attention to is. Then, our entrees came out. My husband ordered the bone in filet, and he cut into a steak that was rare, bordering on raw. We both ordered medium rare plus, knowing it means a red center. This was not that - it was still shiny and for the most part uncooked. They were very kind about it and offered to recook it, but by then it had been over 20 minutes of waiting for our server so we declined. They did take it off the the bill and gave us a nice little dessert (the flourless chocolate cake and creme brûlée cheesecake) on the house, which we really appreciated. Overall, we had a good time, with the exception of the incredibly slow service and raw steak. And one more note - don't wait until you pay to give your valet ticket - it took almost 20 minutes to get our car which was a little absurd.I went here after getting a $50 off coupon in the mail from American Express.  Great steak, sides and dessert, relatively inexpensive bottle of wine (we enjoyed a tasty tempranillo blend for $29) and fantastic server. (ask for Agustin)  Felt pretty chain-y to me though, sort of like the Friday's of steakhouses.  I thought it was a little loud, nowhere near as good for a date as The Prime Rib. (my personal favorite)Best steakhouse in Philly.  Porterhouse is juicy, tender, flavorful.  Great sides.Capital Grille is always a great place to grab a steak.  I had their special, a bone in filet and some au gratin potatoes.  The steak was great and the potatoes may have been even better.  I like that this location will do a half or a full side, so you can either get sides to share, or if you want something just for yourself, it's not a giant mound of food.
The place is pricey, but a good spot for a special occasion.My visit to the Capital Grill was just as marvelous as the Lion King play we saw two hours earlier. With a party of ten and four children the staff was accommodating and friendly, they even referred to the children as mister and misses. White linen table clothes, proper table setting, and wait staff who refolds your napkin at the drop of a hat this place was great. Family style sides, three types of breads, and the chef sent out a complementary bite size risotto and lump crab cake before entrees. The steaks were simply divine, Gorgonzola crusted strip, the Kona rubbed filet, and the bone in special were incredible. I also tasted the jumbo sea scallops over risotto, and a cut of tuna that was the size of a brick and cooked or lack of (raw = perfect) were marvelous. It was a great experience especially for the kids, Thank you Capital Grill for being so friendly and professional we can't wait till our next visit.I love going to eat at the Capital Grille. The food is amazing, as is the service. The food is definitely worth the price you pay, the atmosphere and everything about the restaurant makes it well worth it.
The only complaint I have is when I went with my family a weekend or two ago, we were told our table was ready, then had to wait almost 10 minutes to be seated due to the other 2 Hostesses seating other people before us. I have a major foot injury at the moment and can't stand on my foot for very long, and they saw that, and still neglected to seat us.
Other than that, I will definitely come back to eat here.There's only a few places I've ever been to where EVERYTHING is just right.  This was one of them.  The service was great from valet,  coat check in, bartender,  waiter. And the food was AMAZING!  
I definitely recommend making a reservation or else you could have up to an hour wait .Capital Grille has great food, I can not deny that. My problem with it was the price and the atmosphere. I liked the dcor, but I didn't get the feeling that I could relax and have a good time here. It was very stuffy and over the top. Also, the prices are pretty high, but the entrees do not include any sides! A bit ridiculous. 
The service was good and, like I said before, the food was delicious. But I would only recommend this place if you like paying an arm and a leg for your food and if you don't mind the "holier-than-thou" atmosphere.My boyfriend took me here on a Thursday night as a celebration since I was starting a new job. Overall the food was good and we were stuffed. This is probably the first or only restaurant I've been to in Philadelphia where my water glass was filled up almost immediately after I had finished all of it. Our server was very nice and informative.This was everything we wanted and more for a special night out. We are fierce steak lovers and Capital exceeded expectations. Our server, Gustavo, was very helpful with our wine and course selections. We loved the prosciutto-wrapped mozzarella (made fresh every 90 minutes) and snow crab claw for apps. Gustavo's recommendation of the porcini rubbed bone-in ribeye was on point! The guys had the filet special with L-shaped bone. For dessert, creme brûlée. All of these were naturally gluten-friendly and so delicious. Thank you for a great night!I read a review in Philadelphia magazine. They were reviewing the best Philly steakhouses and this was the only one they gave 5 cows (as opposed to stars) to. My boyfriend offered to take me to lunch to any restaurant of my choosing, so I picked this one.
The wedge salad was freaking awesome. It's HUGE and so good. But, really, everything was good.
Service was fantastic. The atmosphere is a little posh for my style, but so what??Came here for Restaurant Week. Such a great deal for $35 per person. The only reason I am giving it 4 stars and not 5 is because I ordered the filet mignon medium and it was rare in the center. The food and service was great. For $35 you get an appetizer, main course, and dessert. It also comes with sides as well. I had the clam chowder for an appetizer and it was delicious!DELICIOUS! Came for a graduation dinner, service was excellent (with the exception of an over-cooked steak, but they made up for it).
French onion soup is delicious. Shrimp cocktail delicious. Caesar salad delicious. 
I'm pretty picky with my steaks and onion soup, so i guarantee it will be amazing! just make sure to order it a bit under-cooked to what you usually get.impeccable service, we ordered 2 filets, salads & 1 truffle fries and everything was delicious.  looking forward to going again. Hoose cab was decent as wellI went here with two colleagues after a conference. They had both been before and highly recommended the place, while it was my first visit. In the entryway are wooden lockers for the rich and famous to store their favorite wines when they visit. Our waiter, Alex, was great. We ordered smoked salmon, mozzarella balls, cream spinach, mashed potatoes and of course, steak. For dessert we ordered the ice cream cookie sandwich. All the food was great as well as the service!Seems like this place gets second rate status after DelFriscos and other such establishments in Center City. Regardless it holds its own with a changing specialty cocktail menu, delicious and generous seafood and standard appetizers with delicious, flavorful steaks minus the demand to cut into them when served. Friend had a Seafood Platter appetizer that had a plentiful and wide selection of seafood choices followed by the Gorgonzola Encrusted Bone In Strip and I had the Caprese Salad and New York Strip. Service was well paced, drinks well poured and the food was great.Best service around! We came here to celebrate a birthday and had a great time. From the moment we sat down, Rob was extremely personable and was quick to make recommendations for our table. He was well versed in the wine selections and did not hesitate to help us make our food selections. 
The food was top notch - our entire table ordered a variety of steaks, all were cooked to perfection at the temperatures we each asked for. The portions are fairly large. Between the five of us at the table, our favorite meal was the prosciutto wrapped mozzarella appetizer. We almost wished we each ordered a plate as our meal. Their sides were also good, all family portioned, meant to be shared among the table. 
The birthday girl was given a complimentary dessert. Overall the experience was great, the food and service are top notch and the menu prices are as you would expect of a high end steakhouse.It's a chain, and because it's a chain the elitist in me is filled with self-loathing over how much I love this place.  I should probably discuss this with a good shrink.  Or a bartender.
Seriously, if the Capital Grille were a private, one-location-only, hidden gem (and if I had bags of cash under the bed) I'd be there every night.  The only reason I hold back is because, really, how good could it be when there is a Capial Grille in every city?   The answer is that a couple months ago this particular store provided the best meal I can remember.
Our server was an upbeat young woman who was attentive and knowledgeable...we were seated at a private table with linen tablecloth but without all the stuffiness of some steakhouses.  In fact, the atmosphere was so inviting that my dinner companion and I ended up chatting with (and making a great networking connection with) a single father at the next table who was in town on vacation with his daughter (and also to make a huge investment in a technology we were also interested in).
And the steak was so tender, it was like eating a baby angel!
Put away your preconceived notions, remortgage your house, and take the cash to buy yourself a first-class meal!I ate here with a corporate group, so I can only comment on the level of service we received as a group. Servers stayed close to make sure our drinks were full, etc. I remember steaks I've eaten only on the rare occasion that they stand out. I remember this was one of the best filets I've ever eaten.This is only the 2nd time that I've eaten at a Capital Grille and it was even better than the first!  Our waiter John was friendly but professional and made us feel like we had all the time in the world to enjoy our meal.  We had a mussels special for an appetizer and they were the most delicious mussels I've ever had.  We wanted to drink the broth they were in!  My husband had the Bone in Kona crusted NY strip and he could almost cut it with his fork.  I had the tenderloin and lobster tail special and again, they were cooked perfectly.  We shared the mashed potatoes and the grilled asparagus for our sides- both delicious.  It's not cheap but it's certainly worth it, especially for special occasions!How this still carries the Capital Grille flag puzzles me. Service was horrible. My wife ordered Clam Chowder and was sick before we even got home. The bartenders Damon and Jamie were inattentive and indifferent. My filet was cooked to the correct temperature but the shallot butter was clumpy and lacked flavor. My business  associate's porterhouse was cold when it came out. The ceasar salad had "fishy" anchovies. The property looks run down and needs work. Management needs to be replaced. John Taffer should do a bar rescue here. SOON! I have been to at least 5 other cities and all were spectacular. I used to go to this one all the time but it will be a long time until we return here. Too many other great steakhouses in Philly.Last night we attended a private party, the staff was by far the nicest I've ever encountered.I always hate to pay top dollar for a steak house since I'm not much of a steak eater.  But we went to Capital Grill with a group of friends to celebrate my husband's birthday recently and had an unforgettable evening.  In short, if you go, you must ask for Nick to be your waiter.  He transformed a very nice dinner into an extremely fun evening and a dining experience in which we felt like royalty!  He exceeded our expectations without being pretentious or overbearing as some waiters can be.  A perfect meal was capped off with Nick taking our photograph and taking the trouble to turn our wine bottles so the labels would show up in the the photo (we had paid a reasonable corkage fee to bring our own wines for the dinner)!  If you want to feel really cared for and have a relaxed, fun evening of fine dining with no glitches, the waiter makes the difference. Our hats off to Nick!Went to Cap Grille in center city, on Saturday night.  Was a little bothered by the amount of Eagles fans there, wearing sweatpants and jerseys, not exactly the type of place to pre-game and I digress.   Our server was excellent and extremely knowledgable of the restaurant.  Both of our soups, french onion and lobster bisque were outstanding and then it went downhill.  Our sides, creamed spinach and scalloped potatoes were both mediocre to average and our steaks were just ok.  Neither of them tasted like to quality steaks and my ribeye was overcooked just enough to ruin it.  As always the Stoli Dolis were on-point.  Overall, I would say it was just ok, not $250+ meal we paid for...From the service to the food. Everything always impeccable and prepared perfect. I can eat the filet here every night if the week. The price is well worth the meal and the professional staff earn your respect the moment you enter.I've been to Capital enough times that I am on their email list and the other day I got a message they were featuring king crab legs.  I had to have them so I just got back a little while ago.
Let's start with the ambiance: it's the Capital Grille, it's perfect. 
For appetizers my wife and I split a ceasar salad and the king crab legs. The ceasar salad is always great and those crab legs were sweet and delicious.  For dinner I had the scallops special and they were incredible. Five huge and perfectly cooked scallops over fingerling potatoes with a basil pesto. Side of the Lobster Mac n Cheese that was also great. One problem, my wife ordered the Kona Crusted Sirloin medium rare and it came out medium. The waiter apologized, took it back, came out with another (and a fresh lobster Mac), and apologized again.  It was so worth the wait.  This particular steak is definitely one of the best menu items in the city.  For dessert we skipped the sweets and went with a cup of coffee and a glass of Middleton Irish Whiskey (great after dinner drink).  
The waiter apologized for the mistake with the overcooked steak again and comped my drink (that's $26!!!).  I could have easily given Capital a lower rating for the mistake, but all restaurants make a mistake once in a while. It's the way these guys handle it that makes them a 5 star place.I Simply love this place ... I love their crab cakes super delicious.... They have parking close by which is a plus when doing anything downtown!Really nice experience. The food is great and the drinks are great. Place is always full and the atmosphere is awesome. I recommend the lobster. It's very juicy and you don't need any butter in my opinion. The service is consistent with other locations I have visited. Keep up the good job!