Really good brunch place with fast service on a busy Saturday. Even the steak was good with steak and eggs.Almost empty on a Thursday morning.  Bright, friendly interior.  Rival brothers coffee was plentiful.  I could actually have done without the cucumber water... It was more than a hint of cucumber.
We had the savory Dutch baby and the eggs Benedict.  Both were delicious.  I would not have thought that fried bologna under an egg, and creamed chipped beef on top, would be appealing.... But honestly, it may have been the best single thing I've ever had for breakfast.
My only quibble was our side order of bacon... It came so crispy, it approached jerky consistency.  
This isn't a cheap breakfast... The bill approached 40. For 2 coffees, 2 entrees and the side of bacon.  But I didn't mind.... It was all creative, different, and fun.My daughter and her boy friend recommended The Dutch one beautiful Saturday morning. We were lucky enough to get a seat outside. There were so many delicious choices we had trouble deciding.
I finally ordered the baby Dutch with fruit and my husband ordered the Bread Pudding French toast. Both were delicious!  We will be back to try some of the other specialties.Great staff and ambiance. However the food is very lacking. I ordered the French onion soup special, side of potatoes and salmon platter. The french onion soup was very sweet and the broth tasted too watered down which made the flavors feel very disconnected. The potatoes were okay, hard to mess up potatoes but overall pretty bland. The worst was the salmon platter. It came with a salad, tomato and cucumber slices and an English muffin. Everything was covered in black pepper, and not a little bit of nice coarse ground pepper, but a powered coating on everything to the extreme. It totally overpowered the flavor of all the ingredients, except I was able to taste 1 tomato because it had gone bad and had that rotting tomato taste that overpowered even the pepper. I was really looking forward to adding this spot to my brunch rotation but sadly I won't be coming back.Simply put - the best place for breakfast or brunch in the city.  The Huevos Rancheros are profoundly memorable...!!  The Ana Banana pancakes superb.  The place is creative and comfortable, warmly welcoming and astonishingly unique, all at the same time.This is truly a great neighborhood place! We went for brunch this past weekend on a warm Sunday morning. Being unfamiliar with this area of the city, we didn't know what to expect and were so pleasantly surprised to find a small, cozy cafe-style place similar to ones I've been to in parts of Brooklyn and East Village in NYC. The staff was welcoming, the room was airy and bright with open windows to let in the breeze, and the food was excellent. While the menu is not huge, the offerings are of extremely high quality and they offer daily specials in addition. The uitsmijter was excellent...guanciale and gouda cheese on top of rye toast with perfectly prepared sunny eggs. The salad that accompanied it was bright and acidic to offset the richness of the dish. The balogna eggs benedict was also great...though very filling with the SOS gravy. While we would have loved to try more, we were too full. This just gives us more reason to return!The food is good but the service is the reason for the 3 stars. They have a sign on their door that says on weekends and holidays they won't seat incomplete parties. So when I got there, my boyfriend was a few minutes behind me. There were several open tables inside or outside but I still had to wait to be seated until my bf got there. They asked me to wait outside because the place is so small. I was willing to let that slide. But once we get menus there's a note on them and in the restaurant saying "we're small so please leave when you're done and paid". So don't go here for a leisurely breakfast. Another thing I could have let go but it took an hour from when we were seated to when we saw food. They're really concerned with their turnover but it seems like they're their own turnover problem. Food was good but also not worth the hour wait and not worth the unwelcome feeling the restaurant exudes.Holy $#!+ - cancel any other brunch plans and come here.  Yelp failed me when searching for brunch, so I hit the googles and found THIS place.  If there was a 6 star available it would be here.  First, the place was packed.  A good sign.  We sat at the bar and were entranced by the show of the chefs just doing art in perfect sync.  It was beautiful and seamless. These guys were having fun too.  
Then there was the food!! Everything gorgeous and brilliant.  David had the savory Dutch and his first bite yielded an "oh my god" that is rare for David.  His only regret was not having room to finish it.  Says the sausage was amazing.  I had a mushroom omelet that couldn't be beat.  They kept walking by with good looking stuff and were super friendly - telling me what each thing was.  One was a chorizo tot that the chef gave us a sample of.  
NOW the only regret is that they are on the right coast and we live on the left! So - take my advice brunch goers - come here.  Oh and the price - $25 for both of us!  We tipped 100% for the wait staff and added same to the chef's tip pitcher (which, btw, is easily overlooked - so look for it!).Never had Dutch before and the food was amazing. Place is small but cozy. We went within 5 min that they opened and was half full. The only Thing I'd my thing is the parking it's a pain.This was our first time dining at The Dutch and it was wonderful. My husband and I are moving in the neighborhood and we were told this restaurant was great. Our server, Becca was fast, courteous and made you feel like you've been going there for years. The food was fresh and delicious. We now have our first favorite restaurant in our new neighborhood!!!Here again, adding an extra star this time. THE VERY BEST LOX OMELET I'VE EVER HAD. So impressed. It was on special, so here's to hoping they have it again. I subbed gouda for the goat cheese, which surprisingly paired perfectly. The salmon was fresh and thickly cut. Much better than the lox omelet I've had at another hugely popular brunch spot in the area. I love the chill and casual vibe of the wait staff - asking if we knew what drinks we were gonna have as we got to chose whatever table we wanted. Also, great iced tea selection. The food here is more unique and fresher than any other brunch spot. Also, you can watch the chefs in action, and they definitely know what they're doing. Each time I come here it gets better and better. Haven't had a bad meal or experience yet.I ordered an omelette that was listed to come with toast and potatoes. It took a long time for the food to arrive and when it did, bacon was mixed in with the potatoes. A restaurant should always list any meat involved in the dish and The Dutch did not. I was eating my omelette waiting for my waiter to come around to ask how my meal was so I could bring up the meat issue, but a waiter never came by to ask how the meal was, which is a service problem. It's disappointing to come to a highly rated restaurant and receive poor service and poor food.My wife and I had our second brunch at The Dutch today. It was our first experience which brought us back. The waitresses and owner were incredibly friendly and attentive. The food matched the excellence service. We had the savory dutch baby and the pancakes. Both were 5/5 but the pancakes may have had the slight edge.
Today, my brunch experience was outer-body. We decided to split the scallion waffle and banana bread pudding french toast. The scallion waffle was one of the best brunch plates I have had in the city. The scallions were light enough so they did not overpower the dish. The waffle complimented the cream chipped beef that went on top. Everyone enjoys french toast, and who doesn't like banana bread pudding? The marriage of these two make perfect sense. Unfortunately this was one of the specials. Let's hope it finds a permanent spot on the menu!
Move over Sabrina's and Morning Glory, there's a new brunch place in town!Whenever I try a new breakfast/brunch place, I try to order eggs with meat and toast to see how a place would do something simple. The Dutch didn't disappoint but it was the best meal I had. Friendly service and coffee was good but the flavor lacked little in their sunny side up (eggs) and I wish the bacon was little crispier.I had the huevos rancheros special and it was out of this world! By far the best I have ever had. Staff were super friendly and attentive. So happy this is on my block! Will definitely be back to check out other menu items.This is the premier dining experience for Pennsport/South Philly brunch. Come here if you want a unique, filling meal. I have been here 8 times already and never was disappointed. The Lebanon Bologna omelette is my absolute favorite, who would've thought cream cheese in an omelette would be so good?!The food was really good but the prices where very expensive for what do you get such as breakfast food. We ordered waffles and eggs Benedict it was ok but again the price was extremely expensive.Things I associated with the word "Dutch" people before going to The Dutch: Clogs? The Pennsylvania Dutch? Dutch Ovens (both meanings). That's pretty much it. 
Things I associate with "Dutch" after going to the Dutch: Delicious Brunch. Brightness. Great, smiley service. Mimosas.
Three of us split the chipped beef scallion waffle (huge,  thick savory waffle smothered in gravy and beef), the Rotterdam kapsalon (2 eggs swimming in braised lamb and tangy hot sauce yogurt sauce topped with pickled veggies), and the Haloumi salad (pickled strawberries,  mixed greens, crispy haloumi nuggets) and a $35 carafe of mango and orange juice which came with a whole bottle of champs for mimosas and we had a great time!
It's a small place, but there was no wait when we got there around 11 on Saturday. They have some limited outdoor seating and the tables inside are a bit close together (but can still accommodate a high chair if need be). There are also a few stools overlooking the kitchen. There's some cool art on display (and for sale) in the bathroom. Another hit for Joncarl! Highly recommend!My hubby and I sat at the counter for breakfast. The service was great and we both enjoyed watching the kitchen staff do their thang. The menu is limited but thats not a problem when everything is fresh and delicious. I would totally come back if/when I visit again.Delicious weekday breakfast for two.  A bit cold inside but easily warmed up with awesome Rival Bro. coffee.  Waitresses were lovely and attentive.  I'm a fan of intimate spaces for brekkie.  Minus one star for the gnats flying around, one landed in my coffee (no biggie, just asked for a new cup) and caught another with my hand.  We sorta had to keep shooing them away.  I think they may be from the plants kept inside.  Anyways, the savory dutch was fantastic with every bite gone.  The ham hash was also a hit.  The cucumber water served was so refreshing early in the morning.  Kudos for a small space having changing table for littles.  A new addition to our brunch rotation.I love trying new places and this one didn't disappoint. The food is delicious and their Bloody Mary mix is even better. Check it out!Went to breakfast with my wife for Mothers Day and the food was good. 
My wife had the Sweet Buttermilk Waffles that were very good. I had the Crispy Lebanon Bologna Omelet and that was very good and unique. The waitress also fills your glass with Cucumber water which is very good and refreshing. We also liked when the waitress went through the Specials menu, and  gave the prices of each item.So delicious. Got there around 10:30 on a Saturday and got seated right away, but the place filled up fast. The banana pancakes were delicious. They did an interesting take on huevos rancheros using a sweet waffle instead of a tortilla.Great brunch place. Good service and delicious food.  I tried the huevos rancheros and it was amazing! I recommend it.  The only thing they are lacking is more coffee options; they only have one coffee option (regular coffee and it wasn't that great).I just finished dinner, literally minutes ago and all I have to say is... AH-MAZING. So The Dutch came highly recommended for brunch which I completely forgot about and decided to go for dinner. Turns out this is the second weekend they're open for dinner and girl I was not disappointed at all. From the very beginning I knew it was going to be a good night. The server, Lewis welcomed us in and we had a bit of small talk. I couldn't stop gushing over how adorable the restaurant itself is. We ended up sitting outside and were able to take in the neighborhood. It's all so comforting and cozy! Fast forward to the food, we ordered the Double Cut Porkchop(sweet potato purée, haricot verts, slaw, apple cider jus) and Our Burger (two patties of grass fed beef, bacon onion ham, Gouda, lettuce and tomato) ... all life changing. No exaggeration. 
We thoroughly enjoyed everything about our dinner.   We're planning to visit for their famous brunch and dinner again. &Lewis, thank you for all the recommendations!! We can't wait to see you againThe boy and I went in for breakfast on a Thursday after a suggestion from a friend. The staff was friendly - we sat at the counter and the boy watched the cooks. I ordered him a pancake, I had the Uitsmijter. The Uitsmijter took me right back to traveling Europe. Perfectly done. The pancake was nice and fluffy. Overall very good stuff. Interested in their weekend dinner...will surely come back again.They serve Dutch food and Pennsylvania Dutch food, what else can I say:)
I would recommend the savory waffle with cream chipped beef (chipped beef scallion waffle). The Dutch Baby dishes are also top notch.
Worth a trip to Pennsport, or if you live in Pennsport, congrats!The staff was very friendly and the food was great. They have a few seats outside which I highly recommend taking advantage of if the weather is nice. Small menu but everything we had was great, including the basic eggs, potato, and bacon as well as the open face sandwich that had cheese, bacon, and eggs on rye (called some serious Dutch word that I can't remember). Fun small place!Our first impression was the welcoming breakfast smell as you walk into the door. A cozy little spot with excellent food, outdoor seating, and great atmosphere. I got the eggs meat(turkey bacon) potatoes and bread. My husband got the ring bologna eggs Benedict. Both portions were perfectly filling. The coffee was delish and never ending! Constantly had our glass filled with refreshing cucumber water! Never had to ask for anything! Would ABSOLUTELY come back!I brought my friends to brunch because I had the best meal of my life at Fond and was excited to try the Dutch. We came on a Saturday so it wasn't a surprise that there was a wait, however we were quoted 20 minutes which turned into 45, watching over 11 other parties stream in ahead of us, and numerous tables left unoccupied and dirty for 15 minutes or more before being cleared. We were finally seated at a dirty table with the past guests' dirty water carafe and coffee accoutrements still left. We sat drinking the water (hot and carafe was sticky and covered in fingerprints) that was delivered for an additional 25 minutes, never being greeted by a server. We finally just left. I was embarrassed that I had chosen this spot  and furious at the service, having been in the industry for years. I will not be back.My husband and I went to The Dutch for a late breakfast. It's was around 1:30pm on a Tuesday. There were a surprisingly significant amount of patrons at the restaurant. What a pleasant experience. The atmosphere makes you feel like you are not in a city. The food is phenomenal. The pancakes were really fluffy and tasty. I had a muffin that was delish! It was blueberry with cream cheese icing. So good. We both ordered the eggs with meat and potatoes. So happy. Even the toast was really good. Love this place and we have now named it our go-to date place when we have off from work.Best breakfast I've ever had.i wish the place was bigger though because it felt a little cramped. My friend came in from out of town and wanted to do breakfast so we at there.  Definitely get the steak and eggs Benedict it was delicious and the steak was cooked perfect the gravy was also to die for ... I will definitely be backThis is our new favorite brunch spot. The savory waffle is by far the best thing on the menu. It's light, fluffy and full of flavor the way waffles should be so you can indulge without having to run home for a cat nap. Today, I had the benedict which everyone at the table drooled over including myself. So good. This place is spot on. So happy to welcome The Dutch to the neighborhood.I've had two meals here now, and they were both Deeelicious. the Dutch Savory Pancake was super yummy and then I had their version of Eggs Benedict, also super yummy. One time we came on a Wednesday morning and the other time was at peak breakfast time on a Sunday. Looking forward to regular breakfasts here on weekdays since there are no lines.4.5*
I think I'll be dreaming about the blueberry pancakes from The Dutch for a long time.   The blueberries are cooked in and on top, and the pancake is cooked to crispy perfection (just like my moms!).   My toddler couldn't get enough, they were THAT good.
Huevos Rancheros - very good too, but the pancakes were the clear winner.
There's seating outside which was great for our two little kids, they could be loud but the sound of the cars drowned them out.  There's also a playground a few blocks away if you're waiting for a table. 
Can't wait to come back!We here for brunch: I ordered the vegetable omelet and carrot muffin. The omelet came with potatoes which were excellent. The omelet itself was very good and I would recommend it. The carrot muffin was the perfect snack after my omelet and again I would suggest you try it if you like carrot cake. The restaurant is small so if you need lots of space to eat you won't be happy. When I was there the restaurant was full so it was noisy but the noise didn't effect our experience.I must say this was amazing. Cute tiny establishment in South Philly which really took me by surprise. Service is quick and attentive. Their water had sliced cucumbers in it. HELLO FANCY! yes please (raises hand). 
my table ordered the beef has special and the waffle with fruit compote and hope made whipped cream ($12). Everything was delicious, REALLY! I want to try your entire menu. 
They also make homemade muffins and jams. You guys have grandma in the back working hard huh. love it! Cant wait to be back.The Dutch is a cute corner cafe with delicious food influenced by the Pennsylvania Dutch. They serve breakfast and lunch daily, but are closed on Mondays.  I ordered the Uitsmijter which is two sunny eggs, gouda, 1732 meats guanciale, pickles, served on top of grilled rye bread with a side salad. My friend and I split the Sweet Dutch Baby, a cast-iron cooked pancake cooked with lemon that curls up around the edges and we added on fresh berries which was a delicious and light thing to share. I'll be back next time I'm in the area.This is the best breakfast in Philly. The menu has a vast array of selection that is great for any dietary restriction. The food is absolutely delicious. I've been here 6 times and have never been disappointed with any selection. Quaint spot though so I wouldn't recommend coming with a party larger than 6.Perfect spot for breakfast. Had the Dutch Baby (savory) with bologna. My son had the bologna omelette with cream cheese. Everything was amazing. Great coffee too!Perfect little breakfast/brunch spot with very satisfying and good quality food. Everything was fresh and cooked perfectly.Perfect Sunday brunch place!  Awesome vibe, great drinks (coffee, blood orange juice, Bloody Mary). We both got huevos rancheros and totally scored!  Will definitely return again soon!Great place!! I live nearby and come here for breakfast. Amazing food. Their dinner is great too!I can't quite remember how I came across this place. It might've been on Philly Magazine's food blog. However I found it, I'm glad I did. I was just here this past weekend and it was a really great brunch experience. Being down in Pennsport, it wasn't super swamped with people, and so the wait time was only about 15 minutes on a Saturday around 11. The inside is cozy and intimate with a seating area and a bar up against the food prep and cooking area (think Cheu Noodle Bar). Importantly, the food was really good. We got the huevos rancheros waffle, a worthy highlight from other Yelp reviews, and the cheesesteak waffle, which was as good as you'd imagine. I also got a side of Lebanon bologna, which I'd never had before. (I usually get scrapple, my breakfast meat of choice. The bologna was alright, but I think I'll stick to scrapple next time.) Overall, this was a great brunch stop and a nice change up from Sabrina's. I'll definitely be keeping it in mind for the future.Came here for a new brunch spot with my sister. Found this place due to the high reviews on yelp. The place is small and was pretty crowded for a weekday afternoon. I'm pretty sure there were only two servers for the tables, breakfast counter and the outside tables. It's November and people were still willing to eat outside! The food was delicious. I had a special which was ham hash with overeasy egg and guacamole on the side. My sister had the eggs Benedict and was pleased. I took off a star b/c the service was just ok. You can be in a hurry but still be pleasant. It was our first time there and we had a few questions but both servers seemed too bothered to answer or barely responded. My sister asked what's a Dutch baby? One work answer: "crepe-like" then walks away. Oh well....remember to byob!Staff was not inviting at all. It was a 45 minute drive on a recommendation from Philly news. So after a long drive, I walked in, was immediately stopped by hostess. I practically greeted her since she wouldn't let me walk to the stand. I told her "3 people." She wouldn't let me sit until the other 2 came, accusing me of lying that I was just trying to get a bigger table. The rest of my party was literally 20 seconds behind me. Same hostess later on went to refill my water, I said "Thank you" and she ignored me. WOW! The seats were hard and uncomfortable. I couldn't get past that rude hostess with the tattoos to even enjoy my food.  :(Eggs, meat, potatoes, bread...so simple, yet so hearty & delicious, when done right. The Dutch has perfected this simple breakfast dish! Potatoes are crisp on the outside & perfectly seasoned. I work nearby & have been getting this dish to go pretty regularly. Planning to come in for a weekend brunch with my family, as I'm excited to try some of the other items on the menu.The Dutch is the best breakfast place around in my opinion. I was so excited when I heard it was opening, I love Joncarl and Lee's other restaurants and could not wait to see what the food would be like with them teaming up...I was not disappointed. The menu has everything from sweet to savory and everything is delicious. And don't forget to take a look at their specials as well. My favorite is the cream chipped beef. The service is extremely friendly, and they make you feel so welcomed. Definitely go check this place out.Outstanding breakfast vegetarian egg white omelet that had roasted veggies and goat cheese. Coffee was plentiful and service friendly and attentive. Will definitely eat there again and will introduce my daughter and her husband to this new place in their neighborhood!It is hard to find a time to stop in without a 45-60 minute wait but it is worth it. I've tired almost everything on the menu and the huevos rancheros are by far the star!A bit out of the way, but the food is absolutely worth the drive. We got chorizo tots, scrapple, baked coffee pancake, and ham hash. Everything came at a timely manner and tastes amazing. The portions are pretty large -- one entree can feed two people. My girlfriend and I couldn't finish our meal due to how much food there was, haha!
I love this place, and will come back!Was a really nice restaurant, but it's very small. The tables are very close together, and it crowds up quickly, so I wouldn't suggest going as a group. But the food was great! Extremely tasty and filled both me and my boyfriend up, well worth the price. The only thing i would have changed would have been my steak. It was well seasoned but a bit burnt on the outside and well done even though i asked for medium-well.Wow! We picked this spot based of other Yelp reviews and couldn't be more pleased. This place is small, but very clean including the bathroom. We took the waitresses recommendations and ordered the ring bologna eggs benedict and the ham omelette special. Both were fabulous. From the homemade English muffin to the chipped beef topping to the side of home fries, the eggs benedict was a hit! The ham in the omelette was thick and smoky and paired perfectly with the cheddar cheese, black beans, and yummy guacamole. The thick-cut sliced rye bread sealed the deal! The wait staff was super friendly and helpful. Definitely give this place a try! We'll be back to try the Sweet Dutch on our next trip to Philly!The Dutch was absolutely amazing! My grandmother came in from out of town and I wanted some where for brunch but also to sit and catch up with each other. Lee was our server, they rocked! Gave suggestions on the menu, was  attentive but also knew we were having an intimate conversation. We sat outside on a beautiful Wednesday afternoon. I ordered the savory scallion waffle, so so so good! I will definitely be going back to this cute little spot.Great start to finish. Delicious omelette, excellent coffee, terrific service and cute place.Should I admit that this is our second time here this week? My son and I enjoyed it so much the first time, we had to return with my husband! We've tried both the grilled vegetable and mushroom omelette and both were delicious. The potatoes that accompanied the omelettes were flavorful and perfectly cooked. My son's pancake (a plain Ana banana) was the largest, fluffiest pancake we've ever seen, and he devoured it (we made the mistake of ordering two pancakes for him the first time...one was more than enough for a five year old). The atmosphere is light, clean and welcoming. Our servers have been outstanding.What a chill, low-key neighborhood spot to grab a bite in the daytime! Four and a half stars for less greasy spoon diner, more hipster hangover cure. Lots of street parking in the area. We opted to sit at the counter instead of snagging the last outside table; service still got a little sparse towards the end, but the staff members were friendly when they did stop by. Condiments available upon request.
We had enough options to give variety to everyone's palate, cucumber water to sip at while we waited, and some local kombucha to get the detox going. Though tempted by multiple daily specials, we settled on the pork belly hash and the regular savory dutch baby. Good textures and flavor in the hash. The dutch baby ate like a hybrid of scallion pancake and American pancake (which ameliorated my general boredom with the latter); I think the sausage gets added to the savory baby later in the process, so the meat is still moist and without proper adhesion you knife-and-fork very patiently to compose each bite. I wasn't too liberal with syrup on the savory pancake, so both were hearty without being too heavy, and left us extremely full by the last bite.Can't say enough about this place. Great food at a reasonable price. It is THE best place to have brunch in Philly in my opinion. Don't miss the roasted mushroom omelette.I was already thrown off by the cucumber water and thought "oh it's that kind of place". If you're picky, the menu might be hard for you to pick through, but all in all they have decent service and good food.I have nothing bad to say! the food is amazing, we had the Reuben tater tots, the savory Dutch baby and the sweet Dutch baby. We brought our own champagne and ordered OJ. The mimosas were amazing, the food was on point, the place is adorable. It was a bit of a walk into south Philly but no complaints here!V cute place. We loved the food. Waffle dish was excellent and portion of steak n eggs was really big for my big appetite. YayThe food and service was excellent.  I had the french onion soup and it was one of the best I've ever had.  The scallions on top was a nice touch.  My entree was the chicken and waffle and it was also very delicious.  The chicken was seasoned very well and cooked to perfection.  I would suggest that they make the chicken as it's own entree because it was that good!Yummy. Get a dutch baby, baby. Actually get 2 because the person across from you is going to ask for a bite and then you will have to fight them. Half point deducted for lack of the double dutch baby on the menu which just seems stupid.I visited The Dutch last month for a Tuesday brunch with Sari A. It was my birthday and there was a full lineup of festivities ahead, so I wanted a hearty base to start the day. The Dutch turned out to be an excellent, low-key choice.
When we walked in, the small room was fairly empty and we sat right down. It was a Tuesday, after all. We both started with cups of water and coffee...as well as some beer since they are BYO. Our small table looked fairly silly with all the liquids on it but whatever, it was great.
For my meal I ordered the savory dutch baby (oven-baked pancake with sausage) and a side of one scrambled egg. While delicious, I filled up surprisingly fast and had to leave some of the  pancake behind. The egg was worth it though!
Everything at The Dutch is fairly minimialistic but the vibe is welcoming and the service was great. I'd definitely return for another meal in the future.Incredible breakfast and service. Will definitely come back. The Huevos Rancheros was ridiculous!The scallion waffle with cream chipped beef is excellent. It's probably the best waffle I ever had. It's thick, dense and fluffy. The gravy and beef was perfectly creamy and slightly salty. We also had the soft shell crab eggs Benedict which was delicious.This is one of my favorite brunch spots in Philly so far! If you are looking for unique flavor, a sweet atmosphere, and amazing service this is definitely the place to be! I would recommend the German egg and prosciutto toast, as well as the lemon Dutch.Really great food and service. Nice casual brunch place on a cute South Philly street. The eggs were cool because they were local and farm raised.Be prepared to wait outside for your table this is a fun friendly unique spot with very interesting food choices also its byob which i wish i had known ahead of time! We sat at the counter which was fun to watch them create the "dutch baby" a large eggy crepe sweet or savory  I recommend the huevos rancheros on corn waffle resplendent with gobs of fresh guac! Upbeat vibe and very welcoming!Torn between 3 and 4 stars. Went with 4, because I think this place is definitely worth a visit! Had the huevos rancheros waffle. I thought the waffle part would have been a little more tasty than it was. I think that might be, because it's on a cornmeal waffle rather than a typical waffle (might just be personal preference). It looks amazing, but cover anything with guacamole, cheese, salsa, and bacon... and DUH . We got seats right away, ordered right away, but it took a while for our two waffle meals to come up. If waiting turns you off, this might be problematic for you. Aside from that I'm sure, I'll be giving The Dutch another shot eventually - the other items on the menu seem unique and special. I wouldn't go back for the same meal I had, but I would to try something else.Came here for the German pancakes. They were good. We made our own mimosas too. Great little spot. Good staff. Food was good.Cute spot!
Roasted Mushroom Omelette.
Savory Scallion Waffle.
Sweet Dutch Baby w/ Berries.
Pretty darn good. 
Wish we could've tried more.Maybe it was a poor choice on my part, but 14$ for a Cobb Salad kinda turned me off.  Was it good?  Yes - very good.  Is the place cool?  Yes.  But it just didn't seem worth it.  There are plenty of other cheap, delicious brunch places in the city that are just as good.Carefully made food and great service. The only downside is that it can get crowded at prime times.The cooks in the kitchen insulted my girlfriend for rejecting a pancake that was burnt on one side. His comment was that McDonald's had better pancakes. This is not professional behavior, especially when you know the edge was crispy and BURNT. I'm simply not happy with the insulting verbal interaction that came out of this when our reaction was calm during our meal. Not coolOverall, a satisfying experience. I will definitely come back here and order something savory.
Today, I was craving sweet so I ordered their Ana Banana pancakes. Two giant, fluffy, pillowy banana and blueberry pancakes covered in more bananas and blueberries, powdered sugar and a fresh homemade whipped cream. Delicious and decadent and totally worth the price since it's so filling....almost too filling. I think next time I'll switch it up so I'm not in a carb and sugar coma.
Boyfriend got the ham steak and 3 fried eggs, which came with some home fries and extra thick and crunchy toast. He said overall it was very tasty, but the ham and eggs were maybe cooked a tad bit too long.  Also came in big portions so I'd say it's worth the price.
Cucumber water was a nice refreshing touch especially since i can't justify $4-5 on a glass of OJ. You can BYO vodka/champagne here for a boozy brunch, FYI. I saw they offer Bellini mix which is different.
It was packed at 12:30 on a Sunday, so get here earlier than the regular brunch crowd if you can. Because of the sheer amount of people both inside and out, food times also took quite a while for breakfast food, but the kitchen expedited as best they could. Still no apparent AC or fan system in there, so it got quite hot and stuffy with all the greasy cooktops going. So, good hangover food, but not a good hangover setting.
They had 5 or 6 specials of the day and I'm kicking myself for not ordering the huevos rancheros which come atop a cornmeal waffle. 
Will definitely be back since it's in the area and seems to be a far better improvement over Fourth and Cross.Endless delicious meals being pumped out of this place. 
My husband had the club sandwich, I had the Ana banana, and we both drooled over our neighbors meals of huevos rancheros over a waffle and his sausage egg cheese on a roll with potato hash. As they equally drooled over hours. 
Can you say yumm.  It is so much fun watching them bust their butts at the chefs counter despite the intense heat coming from the grills.I went here for brunch with some girl friends.  I'm told this place usually has a wait, which is understandable as it's tiny tiny, but completely worth it! BYOB so we brought champagne and ordered a carafe of OJ.  I ordered cheese steak hash with 2 sunny side eggs and wheat toast.  Everything was delicious and cooked to perfection.  Didn't even finish my plate as the serving was so large.  Only mild compliant is that they politely asked us to give up our table after we paid the check as they had a wait and we were just talking.  Can't fault them for that, by the time we were done there was a fairly long wait. I would absolutely go back though!My husband and I went to the Dutch for brunch last Saturday, mostly because we were in the neighborhood.  I am so glad we went-it was fantastic!  It's bright and airy, and everyone on the staff was very friendly and welcoming. The food was fantastic, my husband raved about the grilled romaine salad, I had one of their specialties - the Uitsmijeter, which was wonderful. One of the owners was working and greeting everyone-he went out of his way to run out the door to say goodbye to some people.  We will be back, but I'm sure it will be packed once people find out about this gem!This was absolutely worth the half hour trek to south Philly! If nothing else catches your eye, the eggs have those perfect orange yolks you can only get when the eggs are fresh from the farm. 
There is comfortable indoor and outdoor seating, perfect for a June morning! They serve up Rival brothers coffee as well as a variety of teas. BYO with carafes of OJ available. 
And the food. Ohhhh the food. Whatever bright mind thought of putting together a rye English muffin, cream chipped beef, smoked sausage, and eggs... props forever  
Fiancé had the cheesesteak hash, because why wouldn't you add steak to hash? It already has the key ingredients, and he said it was, and I quote, "better than a cheesesteak." Challenge accepted, anyone?It's a nice and cozy cafe. The food was delicious. The staff were very friendly and kind. The price was more than worth it. Would love to back!I enjoy eating breakfast here once a week as a special treat. I order the sausage and  eggs with potatoes and wheat toast. The eggs are nice and fluffy, not too dry, and the home fries are just right with real potatoes, not instant or pre made. The coffee could be better but is adequate.Great little breakfast place in the city. Quick and friendly service. Outdoor seating. Very Philly menu, and fresh, could use a couple more menu items though. All in all, if you're visiting the city, and are in the neighborhood; great spot!Small quiet cafe with easy parking and no lines.  However, we waited over 30 minutes for our food.  The omelettes were overly creamy and all the meats were over grilled.  Potatoes and toast were nothing special, toast tasted a little burnt.  Coffee is from rival coffee, so that was good.  Overall overpriced for run of the mill breakfast food.I recently went to the Dutch for a late breakfast with a couple of friends that were here visiting. I'd been to the Dutch before by myself and really loved it. I wasn't surprised when the second time around was 10/10. The food was delicious, the space is adorable, and the staff is over the top friendly.  They were helpful, attentive, and everyone all around just had a warm welcome. I will certainly be back!Amazing place. Great food, great atmosphere. Definitely one of my favorite places in Philly.Decided to stop here for brunch and was overall disappointed. Food was ok but my main problem was the service. Walked in and it was busy but not packed. Tried to get the attention of the hostess/waitress but was ignored several times. I did notice that she was using her hands to place scones directly on to a plate and served it to a customer. 
We did finally get seated but thus began the wait. The wait to order our drinks. The wait to order. The wait for our food and the longest wait of all - to get our check. The waiter made it seem like we were an inconvenience. Ordered a side of hollandaise and never received it and I couldn't even ask about it since the waiter never stopped by to ask if we needed anything.  Overall I'm happy to see more restaurants in my neighborhood since that gives me more options to avoid this place.So happy my girlfriend and I got to finally try the new restaurant out after the quick demise of 4th & Cross. I read all the plus reviews on here, was intrigued to give it a shot. After today, I am hoping it stays in Pennsport area for a long time to come! 
We arrived on a bit of a rainy day and had to wait for a table since the place is small. Fortunately, we got a table within 10 minutes, so it was awesome we were seated quickly. The place is very bright and vibrant with some fun art on the walls. Our waitress was so nice and willing to answer question. Also, made sure we got our coffee fix because I need it to function. 
The food I have to say was dynamite to say the least. I ordered the savory Dutch Baby and a side of potatoes. The Dutch Baby was so fluffy and the sausage was a smokey! The potatoes had a great seasoning on them and were my favorite part of the meal. Again, I hope The Dutch stays here for a long time because I will return for some great breakfast!Everything was delicious! I got the sweet Dutch with fruit and my husband got the special pork belly hash. The sweet Dutch is a mix between a crepe and pancake, very very good. Food came out quick and everyone was friendly. Will definitely be back!!The Dutch is my new spot. I moved to Pennsport about 6 months about and I am very excited to see this place open up. It is clear that they know what they are doing - simplicity=sophistication and they have struck an excellent balance .Dropped in for 2pm brunch with my pals. Pregnant - so skipped the mimosas which looked awesome (judging by the table sitting near us having a perfect Saturday) and drank the rather pleasant fruit flavored water (free, nice touch) and orange juice. Service was fast, food was out much faster than expected given the large portions and well plated initial appearance. I got what I equated to a Mexican waffle. It was bangin. Weird combo, but I had a hunch. The waffle alone was quality - topped with cheese, eggs, black beans and salsa.  Nice work.Glad to have found this place. Went in on a Saturday morning, surprisingly no line. Fast service. Food was great! Will definitely return.Love this neighborhood gem!  We have had Brunch and Lunch there enjoying every delicious bite.  The staff are friendly and so accommodating. We look forward to going often!This was a terrific experience, and even though we waited outside on a chilly Sunday morning, both the service and food delivered greatness. We sampled just about everything in our foursome, and it was delicious. We sat at the open kitchen viewing area (aka the bar), and sipped our champagne we brought. The mushroom omelet was excellent, and the freshness in the salad and vegetables really stood out. My wife's chipped beef was savory and perfect, and the kitchen cranked out at least two dozen eggs in the 45 minutes we sat there. Kudos to the wait staff and host for being really attentive, and for using to-go boxes (vs. Styrofoam) and asking for bags rather than just tossing stuff into plastic. Great green thought, and awesome food, y'all!As a resident of Pennsport, I was happy to see the Dutch open up in the neighborhood. Good diner feel and quality food. The place is small and can get crowded on the weekends/holidays so PLAN AHEAD! Service is great, Lauren is my usual server, very attentive, friendly and always walking around to check in and refill a coffee or water. 10/10 would and will dine there again.This place is cute and convenient for me so I have been very excited to try it out! Loved that I could bring my own spirits to enjoy brunch, was a little taken aback when I saw that that charged $8 for Bloody Mary mix (alcohol not included) - especially when the mix was mostly tomato juice and a ton of horseradish. I'm a big fan of bloody Mary's and expected a better rendition for $8. I could go somewhere else and get one with alcohol for that price. 
However the food came out looking very nice & was delicious. I was impressed by the quality of meat / eggs. The corn meal waffle underneath the rancheros was a great take on the dish. 
I do think that the prices were a little inflated for the neighborhood (Pennsport). Although it is always busy so people are paying for it! The only other downside was the seating arrangement. We walked in as a two top there were multiple places to seat us and they put us extremely close to another table. I'm one that likes a little space between another's conversation especially when I haven't had any caffeine yet. 
I think if they took one two top away it would make for a much more comfortable environment and would even justify the prices they are charging. Next time I'll sit at the bar :)Awesome Breakfast / Brunch spot.  Not a huge menu but everything I've had is awesome and unique in some way.  Only one rec for you, no matter what you eat, GO EARLY... or wait outside for 45 mins to an hr.Great new brunch/lunch spot in Pennsport.
Quality of the food was top notch -- the dishes are interesting enough to be beyond things I can "just make at home", but not so high-brow that they're inaccessible.
Atmosphere is super welcoming, and one of the owners is constantly perusing the customers while refilling water glasses.
Exactly what this corner needed.We ate here this morning, it was delicious!  We had a citrus scone, grilled veggie omelet and sweet pancake.  The service was warm and friendly and we cannot wait to return!  The space is wonderful.Decent brunch spot in South Philly for a group of friends. I'm a fan of the Cold Pressed Apple juice, tasted very crisp and fresh (make sure you order a cup of ice to go with it). For my entree I ordered the Sweet Buttermilk Waffle with strawberries, bananas and blueberries. It was delish! The waffle could've been a little crispier but nonetheless, still tasty. We had a side of turkey bacon and sausage too, it was dry, overcooked and not as good as expected. We also had the Chicken and Waffles from the specials menu. That looked amazing. The chicken was cooked to perfection and just the right amount of tenderness. I do recommend switching the default waffle to a buttermilk waffle though, as the waffle it comes with is somewhat soggy. I also recommend asking for a sweet maple syrup to top the dish, instead of the maple gravy. However, service was not what I expected for a tiny brunch spot. The servers did not have much enthusiasm or had a smile on their face through my whole experience. Came to check in on us maybe once. Food was good, but could improve on their service.I got the huevos rancheroes during brunch.  It was amazing.  Would recommend getting it!  It comes on a savory waffle with beans, guacamole, pico de gallo, and a sunny side egg on top.  Once you cut through the egg, it provides a nice juicy meal when you get a bite of everything!  
We didn't realize it was also BYO as well - will need to come back again for brunch!  
My wife ordered the Dutch baby but actually the hungry pigeon had a better one in our opinion.This is a super cute little breakfast/brunch in town. The area is really nice and the ambience is very enjoyable (weekend vibes!). 
The food is good. We had a bunch of things to share with some friends: omelettes, pancakes and the sweet dutch baby (basically a variant of french toast in terms of taste). All were really nice although I take off 2 stars for burnt (black) vegetables in the omelette and the unpleasant attitude of one of the waitresses (the rest of the staff we interacted with was really nice). 
All in all, nice overall experience and pretty good food (perfect for a "cheat" weekend brunch:)I've heard The Dutch described as "the cutest restaurant in Pennsport"  I'm not sure who came up with that distinction but I'm inclined to agree.  The space is bright and playful (even on the dreary day that I visited) and the food is unexpected.
When my grilled veggie omelette arrived at the table I was surprised to see a more casual presentation that I imagined.  This is in no way a bad thing but it piqued my interest because it was unlike what you see from other Philadelphia brunch places.  The omelette appeared with the veggies and some of the goat cheese somewhat spilling out, potatoes haphazardly pushed up against it and toast off to the right just lopped on there.  Most places are trying to make every plate appear like a piece of art and maybe The Dutch is just keeping it friendly and simple.
My omelette was awesome.  It was light, fluffy with a healthy lemon flavor running throughout it.  While it appeared to be a large serving, I was happy to not be overly full on finishing my meal.  Even the potatoes had that nice browning on them and a subtle sweetness.  I was a big fan of the house made jam that I used liberally on my rye toast.
The menu isn't huge and I prefer it that way.  I think it lets the kitchen really focus and nail the complexities involved in their chosen dishes.  I plan on returning to the dutch many times to try more of their offerings.This place doesn't disappoint! It's a fantastic breakfast spot, always bustling on the weekends, but the service is so prompt they're able to turn and burn through tables. I've never had to wait for one. I also brought a child here once and they were super accommodating. Whether it's a BYO champagne for mimosas type of day with some friends, or a quick family breakfast, this spot works for both. The food is delicious, and the service is fast and friendly. Will return again and again!I've only been here for brunch on the weekend. I've always gone early and had no problem getting seated and served, but I've driven by at peak brunch hours and there's been what I have to think is a significant wait based on the people waiting outside. Menu is a bit limited but there are great varied specials. Good coffee. Little bit expensive for what you get but worth it for the service and atmosphere.having walked past the dutch on numerous dog walks we finally went in for lunch. 
they have crazy over the top breakfast items sometimes - french toasts and sweets. but i kept it basic and got eggs, bacon, toast and potatoes. all was great. the bacon was delicious ! 
our server was nice and everything came out super quick.When I walked in I was prepared to be disappointed especially since the two founding chefs were not cooking here anymore. I saw how the potatoes were messily cooked. I ordered a house baked scone which was OK. Then I got took a bite of the savory Dutch baby I ordered. It was very very good! The weird combo of maple syrup you can drizzle on top with the smokiness of the sausage worked! (Btw there was no line when I got there on a Saturday - even when I finished at 10:15 am.)Went for a birthday brunch and was so impressed. The food, the service and the atmosphere were so good. I cannot wait for my next visit. The savory scallion waffle and huevos rancheros were both great!Yum yum yum! I am so happy I stumbled across this gem on my recent trip to Philly. On a Saturday morning we scouted out a restaurant for brunch and landed at The Dutch. 
After being seated in the quaint and sunshine filled restaurant we were greeted with cucumber water by our waitress which was refreshing. We could tell the food must be worthwhile as the restaurant was filled and everyone's tables were brimmed with an array of beautiful spreads. 
Our meal would best be described as comfort food, there is no skimping in flavor and portion size. I decided on the special huevos rancheros and I could not even tell you what my boyfriend got because I was so excited to dig in. My savory dish was based with a corn waffle, fresh guac, beans, pico de gallo, bacon and sunny side up eggs. In short I fell into the best food coma after conquering my plate! I wish there was a location in NJ..The Dutch was nothing short of delicious!Pretty legit BYO brunch spot in South Philly. We went early on Sunday morning (10:30am) and waited about 5 minutes. Waitstaff is super friendly and the food came out fairly quickly. We split a savory Dutch bread which was phenom. I had the mushroom omelette which was fluffy and delicious. The bread that comes with it is definitely not grocery store sliced bread. I'd almost come back just for the bread. Only complaint is that it was pretty warm in there, but there are a few outside tables if you're lucky enough to snatch one.What a great little restaurant for brunch.  Nicely prepared food served by friendly staff.  
Visited today for first time.  Ordered the savory scallion waffle topped with creamed chip beef; it was unusual and delicious.  
Weekdays are a nice time to visit; plan on a wait on weekends.  
Well worth a visit!I love this place, the food was great as well as the people who run it. Me and my cousin each got a plate which we ended up sharing because everything was so good! Really cute vibes and a fresh feel :) 10Me and my girlfriend where in town just for the night. We got a NFL game wanted some good breakfast food looked on yelp drove 15 minutes to get it and it was well worth. Staff very friendly. Cooks were a master with the grill strongly recommend this place if your in Philly.This place is your typical neighborhood brunch spot. When I went, the wait time was not too long about 20 minutes for a table for 4 people. The food and selection is great but I would not go out of my way to try this place just because I did not find the food to be exceptionally special. I would definitely come back again because it is fairly close to where I currently live and the price is decent for the portion of food they provide.First time here and I really liked the place (except for the rampant fly situation).  I had this beef stew thing with eggs, which was delicious, and my husband had chipped beef and waffles and it was also super tasty.  I look forward to going again.  Great neighborhood spot.This place is pricey but worth it. I had the best Reuben of my life at this restaurant and I can't wait to go back and try the other things on the menu. Very nice staff I would go during the off hours because I've seen long lines. Luckily I try to go to places during off hours and I always have a really great experience then.Adorable brunch spot! Wish we had more of these in NYC with less of a crowd. Came here for a birthday brunch and absolutely loved it! The food was delicious, the menu options perfect, and the service wonderful. Staff is super welcoming and attentive. I wish I lived nearby, I'd do brunch here frequently. I'll visit when in Philly again.I cannot wait to return here and I only just left. 
When we arrived the only seats open were at the kitchen counter which we were fine with but after 15 minutes seats by the Window opened up. When we asked to move the servers happily granted our request and moved us promptly. 
Upon arriving here we realized it was byob but with no close by liquor store we decided to go ahead and eat minus the booze...until we saw they do bellinis. (Buy the juice get the sparkling wine deal). It was $35 which isn't terrible but obviously bringing our own would of been cheaper. They also do virgin Bloody Marys for those that want to bring their own vodka! 
To eat my friend and I split the Dutch baby and the uitsmijter. The savory Dutch baby was my favorite, light and fluffy with smoky sausage. You could also pour maple syrup on if you still have a hankering for something sweet. The uitsmijter was good but after trying the Dutch baby, nothing crazy special, although it was quite tasty. We wanted to get the huevos rancheros or the steak and eggs but they were out (I guess that's what we getting for rolling into brunch at 1:30).
I will definitely be coming back to this sunshine and pancake-filled establishment. 4.75/5I've been here twice. Both times the service is spot on & seamless. The coffee is good and the servers keep it flowing. The space is beautifully designed - simple and clean. The vibe is low key and friendly. Most importantly the food is fresh and made with high quality ingredients. It's just really delicious brunch and breakfast food. I gave 4 stars rather than 5 because it's a little tight when it's crowded. I love the Dutch!Have been here over 3 times and so far food has been great! Lost a star because service was slightly lacking each time, possibly understaffed? My go-to is the waffle, but I decided to get the French toast special once. It did not disappoint! Make sure you like sweets before you order it though.Hands down one of the best places in Philadelphia to eat. I've eaten here a lot, and it is always consistent and very good. The service is nice and quick. They always have the best specials.Awesome,awesome, awesome!  We have been waiting for a new breakfast spot in Pennsport and this hits the spot!  Great coffee, amazing farm to table good, and nice ambiance!  We will be here again soon!Love this place! We got the sweet dutch baby and the special and it was amazing! Only place in Philly you can find one of these. There were a bunch of girls waitressing and they were all equally awesome, attentive and friendly. Not just to the customers, but to each other! You could tell they are all friends. Def coming back!! Such a cute little sunny spot on the corner. Highly recommend.Second time visiting this spot and we were not disappointed with the food. The Savory Dutch Baby was delightfully crispy and yet had a hint of sweetness. The pancakes were a little well done but not burnt. The extra eggs we ordered were perfectly cooked and seasoned.
Lee, our waitress, was more helpful and attentive this time around, except for stopping mid order to greet a patron.
The ambiance is relaxed and cozy, but it could be difficult to get a table if crowded. We went on rainy days so we didn't have that issue.
Two visits, two great experiences. Not spectacular, but great.This was my last day in Philly and I asked a girl at our hotel last night whats the best place to get brunch in Philadelphia and she told us to come here so we did and she was right the food was amazing. 
The french toast was cooked just right, light and fluffy and golden, the syrup was thick and rich not watered down like some places that I have been to. 
The bacon was crispy which is important, I hate soft cooked bacon, I still got all my teeth and I like to use them, lol. 
The staff was fast and friendly and the prices were on par for what I expect a good breakfast to cost. If I lived in Philly I could easily see myself eating here 2 or three times a week.Food was delicious! Seasoned to perfection! I had the Veggie hash, it was really damn good! And the pancakes with the cream was good as heck!!!I've been here four times now and this place is the best!  Great atmosphere. Real food. Great service. Good music. Comfy cozy.  Free parking.Great food, unfriendly service. We came in for Sunday brunch expecting a wait. What we didn't expect was to be treated like an inconvenience and to be told "you can't wait here" with no alternatives given of where we could go. Luckily there's a coffee shop right down the street where we got a coffee (a "sorry, you can't wait here but there's a coffee shop down the street" would have been nice). Once we sat down we felt like we were being rushed the entire time, when we needed a few more minutes before ordering the staff acted annoyed. Not a lot of smiling happening anywhere. We did sit for a little bit after paying the check, and they asked us to leave (we had been sitting at the table for a total of an hour and 10 minutes, for the record, so not exactly camping out) because they needed the table. Had the service been more friendly maybe we would have left sooner (before they asked) to help them out, but we didn't really feel like doing them any favors. I know it's a small place and they need to turn tables quickly, but every point of contact we had with the staff was unpleasant and NOT on par with what you can normally expect in Philly. There are plenty of other places (even Noord) with much better service where I'll choose next time.We had breakfast here this past Sunday.  Good food, service and coffee.  Come early or expect to wait.  Also parking is limited to street parking so consider biking, indigo or ubering to the The Dutch.Total bummer. 
Should have been good, but after you factor the 10 minute wait for menus after being seated, not so much. 
Ordered poorly described items that I couldn't eat. Then watched my friend eat his entire breakfast while I sat and patiently waited for our server. Spoiler: she never came. 
So I left, without eating. 
If you want first-timers to serve you mystery items, run on over.Food was great. I have been here a lot before and maybe I just shouldn't try and come back on a weekend. The servers were not friendly and rushing the whole brunch. After being there for an hour and 20 minutes, we were asked to leave because they had a wait. Growing up with a family who owns a restaurant and having worked in the business for yeads, I have never and would never ask a customer to leave because of a wait.We've eaten here a few times and have always been extremely happy with the experience. 
Usually, I'm an eggs over with potatoes and bacon guy and the Dutch delivers.  Eggs cooked perfectly, potatoes crispy but not  greasy and the bacon thick and flavorful. 
Today I stepped out of my box and went with the Huevos Ranchero. Cornbread waffle, guacamole, salsa, above mentioned bacon, hollandaise and a sunny side egg. I think I found brunch nirvana. 
Where else would you find the chef/owners of 2 of Phila's best restaurants working on a Sunday morning. 
Oh, the scones are tremendous too. 
My one complaint is they were out of scones today (I had a powerful hankering for the pecan vanilla).I live around the corner from the Dutch. We've been going there for about a year and half since we moved into the neighborhood. While the food is pretty good and not too expensive I've had to stop going here! The last 2 times I was there, The hostess had the worst attitude I've ever encountered in my life. When we asked for a table for 3, we were told 20 minute wait. Twenty minutes went by and 3 or 4 other sets of 2 tops were seated before us. couldn't put two tables together?? Today was my last time ever going there again as long as the hostess with the PERMANENT RESTING B..CH FACE continues to be employed there. Not only does she NOT convey friendliness, but she is totally miserable in both her appearance and demeanor! If I was the owner of the Dutch (Joncarl Lachman and Lee Styer) I would want to know about this right away! I eagerly await a response from either if the owners. Until then, I wont be dining at any of the 3 restaurants owned by you both (Fond and Nord) It's a real shame you've let one miserable employee sour your reputation with ME, and I eat at all three of your places pretty frequently! Time to make some changes!I really hesitate to write this review, because The Dutch is already crowded enough and, well, why should I make it any more crowded? But it's been so wonderful to have a well-run, high quality breakfast and lunch place in our neighborhood that I can't help myself. Every time we've been there we've been graciously greeted by a smiling Joncarl.
I've eaten there many times, with my husband, my son, my friends, and  have never had an unpleasant or even a mediocre meal; they have all been excellent.
The small, charming space it is in is cozy, and there is outdoor seating in pleasant weather. The owners of The Dutch have maintained high quality and good service right from the start, so diners are happy to return.
How these two men - who each owns a popular, award-winning upscale restaurant (two for Joncarl) - have the energy to do what they do here is beyond me. Lee, the chef-owner of Fond, works the kitchen, while Joncarl, the chef-owner of Noord and Neuf, works the front of the house. And they work very hard.
There are interesting specials every day, and the regular menu has a little something for everyone: Dutch Baby pancakes, fluffy banana pancakes (real maple syrup here, folks), waffles, light and flavorful omelettes, sandwiches, eggs benedict, soup and more. There is no high-fructose-corn-syrup-based "jam" here - theirs is real and intensely flavored.
If you order a cup of their great coffee, Joncarl and the serving staff will make sure it is refilled often. Lee's wife, who is a pastry chef and bakery owner, makes scones for The Dutch that are the tenderest and lightest I've tasted.
I am so very grateful that they have opened this place in our neighborhood. Thanks, guys!We had a terrible experience. It was pouring rain so I carried my 5 month old and my husband carried our two year old and we ran inside to get a table. There wasn't a table big enough open yet so we kind of moved to the side as best we could. The place is small so we were obviously a bit in the way. The hostess came over and asked us if we had an umbrella and to stand outside. I would gladly stand outside in the rain if I didn't have two babies with me. I told her we couldn't stand outside because of the rain and the babies and she was clearly annoyed with us. Seems like an insane thing to ask considering we were holding two babies. 
Once we got seated, our waitress, half shaved hair with lots of tattoos just to be specific, eventually came over and asked us what we wanted. A bit abrupt but okay. She was the most miserable person I've ever encountered and I'm 35. You could not ask her any question. She would literally point to the menu and roll her eyes. Miserable and rude. 
Food was delicious. I feel badly that the chefs are in the back busting their balls and they've got the most obnoxious front of the house. 
As we were paying, our waitress was taking away my husbands dish and dropped a fork and knife on him while he was holding our 5 month old. She said nothing and just walked away without even picking up the silverware. He said "are you for real" to her but she literally could have cared less. Ketchup all over his shirt. 
Do not go here. There are better breakfast places that don't have such miserable waitstaff.First time at The Dutch and a very positive experience.  I recommend this to anyone who is tired of the standard "diner menu" style breakfast and wants a little twist to their brunch. 
I ordered the "Uitsmijter"...essentially an open faced sandwich with sunny eggs, Gouda, their Dutch spin on bacon served with a small side salad and pickled vegetables. Very good! The right char on the thick toast, dark orange egg yolks, balanced with the salad and pickle.
The Ring Bologna Eggs Benedict was also on the table...it's where eggs Benedict meets creamed chip beef...not as heavy as you think but Harry nonetheless.  Also, very good!
The only reason I didn't give 5 stars is because that is only reserved for the very few. For me personally, I would need the best coffee in the world to bring The Dutch to 5 stars...that's just me.
Outdoor seating option perfect those nice mornings...not in direct sunlight which was perfect.This place is absolutely amazing. Me and two friends ordered the Savory Dutch, Crab Omelet and Huevos Rancheros. They all were exquisite!My boyfriend and I are new to the neighborhood so we decided to explore and stopped here for brunch. (Okay we yelped and came prepared with a bottle of champs, it's BYOB!) I had the huevos rancheros and it came on a cornmeal waffle SAH GEWD! And my health conscious other half had egg white scramble. We will be back :)Love them for brunch and it's so cute and friendly! They just opened for dinner--vegetarians beware, there aren't any options and the kitchen isn't super-accommodating. Still would highly recommend for great brekkie and awesome service! If they added one solid veg option to the evening menu they'd get that 5th star from me :)I'm surprised this place has so many good reviews and 4.5 stars.  My boyfriend and I were expecting amazing food because of the pictures and reviews on yelp. It turned out to be anything but amazing.  We walked in and were greeted right away, which was good. However, as soon as we sat down at a table, 5 black flies flew all around us. Disgusting!!!! I kept having to swat them out of my face!!! Anyway, my boyfriend ordered the mushroom omelette and I had the egg white omelette.  Both were way overpriced for what we received. Both dishes were pretty flavorless and cold.  There was barely any filling in the omelettes. My omelette had like a slice of avocado and 2 spinach leaves. My boyfriend's omelette had like 3 mushrooms in it. They looked nothing like the pictures on yelp. The service was decent, which is why I gave it at least 2 stars.  Other than that, the food sucked and restaurant didn't seem clean to me - hence the nasty flies everywhere.  Needless to say, my boyfriend and I won't be going back there.If you have ever seen the memes about expectation vs reality, then this is the literal manifestation of that! Don't fall for the pics online. 
I ordered the Steak Benedict and was not impressed at all. First off, the price for the dish is $21, which I thought to myself "hey it's my day off let me spoil myself." I was disappointed when my dish came out and did not look like the pics online. I still gave it a chance because I had not tasted it, but I quickly realized I was ripped off. The steak was juicy but flavorless, the eggs were over hard instead of over easy, the toast was overwhelmingly soggy, and the home fries must have been sitting out for a while because they did not taste fresh. 
I've had more flavorful food at a corner deli tbh. The whole experience at The Dutch felt like an episode of Catfish. Don't fall for the 'trendy' aesthetic.Very casual cute atmosphere! There is a park nearby as well so you can see a lot of dog owners as well. One of the things that I didn't like much was that it was bit crammed but the food made up for it. My friends and I got the sweet and savory dutch baby and the huevos waffle. They were soo good! It doesn't seem like much but they were so filling and the price wasn't bad either. I would definitely come back to try their other dishes because they were all soo good! Oh but be aware it does take a bit for the orders to come out because it takes time for them to make it! So be patient especially if you are gonna go during their busy time!Just ate here and it was delicious. Beautiful space and great service. Looking forward to returning!I come here MAYBE once a month as a treat for brunch cause it is a bit pricy for a regular weekend spot, but since it's so close to my apartment and the food is delicious, I really don't mind.  They also serve dinner during limited hours so I'll have to check that out sometime.
I figured I'd update my review now that I've had a few more breakfast/brunch items.  My absolute favorite item on the menu (and maybe across ALL brunch places in the city) is, hands down, their special of Huevos Rancheros.  I hope it makes it to the regular menu, although there's only been one time they were out of it.  It is absolutely effin' amazing.
A GIANT fluffy homemade waffle (not too sweet, but sweet enough to counteract the toppings) smothered in smooth and creamy eggs hollandaise with the perfect breakable yolk, crispy thick cut bacon, fresh made guacamole and pico de gallo, black beans and a generous portion of cheddar cheese.  Holy hell.  My mouth is watering thinking of it.  It's the absolute perfect balance of sweet, savory, spicy, crunchy and chewy - and I make sure to top it off with some Cholula.  (That's another thing I love about this place - the choice between Frank's, Cholula and Sriracha!).  It's so big, I can only eat 3/4 of it no matter how much I try to finish the whole thing.
The egg/meat/hash/toast combo is always a good classic staple to order if you're not feeling too adventurous and everything is fresh, locally sourced and served farm-to-table, so you know you're getting top notch ingredients.
Although it's a little pricy for breakfast (keep in mind I came from Scranton where you'll pay, no lie, $20 for a family of 4 at breakfast places), I find it's entirely worth it with the quality of the food and always on-point service you're receiving.
Their coffee is fantastic (they serve only good brands...I think this weekend it was Rival Bros) and the cucumber water is perfect for when you get a seat outside in the blazing sun and you're mildly hungover.This was a great place for breakfast and brunch. Although there always seems to be a crowd of people waiting outside, don't let that scare you off. They have a quick turnover and we didn't have to wait more then 5 minutes. Due to the high volume of people the waitresses were very busy so don't expect highly attentive servers.
The waitresses were running around but the food was cooked perfectly and not rushed out of the kitchen. The food was amazing, so good you could not stop even when you got full. 
Give this place a try you won't regret it.Happy to have stumbled upon the reviews for this place after waking up with the "hungover blues". Two piping hot coffees were served within the first ten minutes. I ordered the huevos rancheros (served at the Dutch on top of a waffle) along with a fried egg platter. Everything was served warm, ooey-gooey and plentiful. Will return to this sunny, inviting south philly gemTasty brunch. We ordered the strammer max and ring bologna with my girlfriend, both were tasty, but bologna was tastier. The place was crowded when we got there, and it took 25-30 minutes to get the food. Also be careful with the restroom lock, it doesn't work!What a nice breakfast! Ring Bologna as a meat option! Are you kidding me?!? I wish I thought of that! I'll be back often.The Dutch is great! It was busy around 11:30am on Saturday but we opted for seats on the counter so we only had to wait about 10 mins. 
I ordered the Savory Dutch Baby- it's so gooooood especially covered in syrup! I didn't know what to expect but it was like a crepe/pancake with sausage  and chives. They don't really have any brunch cocktails but they did have a bottle of Bellini + a carafe of OJ for $35! 
Coffee was great and so was the service! Will definitely be back.We were disappointed that this creative menu didn't live up to their reviews. The waffles with creamed beef were heavy and were very slow in being served.  Sadly, we'll won't be returning.Wow! This place is awesome!! Everything looked amazing, the service was excellent, friendly, quick, & deliciousYummy..food was amazing...homefries..eggs over easy and rye toast..simple yet really good.The Dutch is an exemplary South Philly breakfast/brunch establishment, offering both hearty and healthy fare.  The savory dishes (omelettes, meats, potatoes) will stick to your ribs until suppertime, and the sweet plates are a comforting repast.  With an open, bright space, the dining room has a humming kitchen staff and friendly ambiance.  Small details separate The Dutch from the rest of the generic Philly morning restaurants:  white linen napkins on every table, clean newspapers on the counter for readers, and an offer of ketchup/hot sauce with every eggs-and-potato dish.  I have been visiting Dutch for over 2 years, and it's still my favorite spot for a weekday breakfast (personal favorites include the fresh eggs selections, French onion soup, buttermilk waffle with seasonal fruit compote).We finally were able to make it to the Dutch. They open early (8am) and
they are in a tight South Philly neighborhood with little amount of seating.
Usually we think of going here to late in the morning and just been 
putting it off for fear of a long wait. 
We woke early and I figured we could make it there just after opening and 
went for it. I was correct. Only one other table was there and 
had our choice of seating. 
We picked the window cause the tables look like they 
were built for toddlers. 
The waitstaff was pleasant and attentive. Our food came quickly and looked
amazing. 
We decided to split both entrees and glad we did. For the longest time I only
seen dutch baby on cooking shows and never anywhere close to us here in Philly.
So I couldn't wait to get that baby in my mouth. Light, sweet, moist, crisp all these
mouth pleasures at once surpassed my expectations. Fan-fucking-tastic is best put.
The hash was also a very good savory accompaniment. Eggs sunny side and 
lounging out a top of nicely crispy well seasoned potatoes and cheese steak.
It was better than I would have thought. Only gripe I left hungry, maybe I was
overly famished this morning but food was off the charts. 
Thanks Dutch, it was great.These were some of the best restaurant styled eggs I've tasted in a very long time.  I typically do not like restaurant eggs and often avoid them.  However, these were seasoned well and not heavy at all.  The smoked sausage was really good as were the potatoes. This was a small and friendly setting that I would visit again when in the area.This is where I want to go if I'm craving turkey, potatoes, and cranberry sauce. So it's basically Thanksgiving all year round, complete with overindulgent stomachaches. Skip the apple dumplings though. Focus on the turkey!We came here with our family of 6 for brunch. It was a tight squeeze but they accommodated us and the food was all delicious. Would go again with a smaller group.Absolutely worth the visit. Food was authentic and cooked to perfection. Staff was extremely friendly and observant. Not too bad finding parking at this part of south philly. Can't wait to come back and try another dish!This tiny place is super cozy and super cute, great brunch food, had no idea it wax byob but I would absolutely return!We had a rental car the first day in Philadelphia and this place attracted my eye on Yelp, so we thought we would try it out.  Easy to find (thank you Google Maps!), but finding a parking space was challenging (we wound up parking about three blocks away).
It is a small place with limited seating, but we timed it nicely as a large table was cleared just as we arrived so we had little time to wait to be seated.  Our waitress was wonderful as she explained our options and everything that we ordered was perfectly done and more than delicious.
The decor was really interesting; all-in-all a nice place to eat even with the parking challenges.Im not sure if this was a bad day for the employees working here or what, but it seemed that way from my point of view. I ordered a pancake, a ring bologna eggs Benedict, and my boyfriend ordered a waffle with apples and cream. I received my pancake blackened on the bottom, and requested a new one. I get my ring bologna eggs Benedict and It might just be their way of cooking it, but I didn't enjoy it. I pushed through the eggs Benedict meal and found it alright in taste. It had a creamy white meat sauce over it, and mixing it with the potatoes were pretty good. But definitely too salty. But I won't fail to mention the "English muffin" was also kind of burnt on the bottom but still chewy, how is that even possible? My bf liked his waffle okay. At this point my second pancake arrives and it's also burnt. So I send it back and decide I don't want it anymore. The restaurant is pretty open and I heard one of the cooks blatantly say that I "should go to McDonald's because that's what kind of pancakes they have there". I can understand it might be frustrating to see someone give back a plate, but if I can't eat it if it's not edible. I called the waitress over to tell her what I heard the cook say, and there was no sympathy. I guess I caught them on a bad day. Like I said, I really wanted to like this restaurant, but this exchange of words left a bad taste in my mouth. I picked up the check, and left promptly feeling embarrassed, and attacked for not eating a burnt pancake. I strongly recommend you try to find a friendlier establishment to spend your dollar.Two words: secret gem. We came here on a Sunday morning around 9 for brunch. There were 4 of us and we were able to secure a table right away. The menu is very concise yet filled with delicious options, both sweet and savory. The inside has a friendly neighborhood vibe. 
For the food, we ordered a sweet Dutch baby as an "appetizer" for the table. Then we ordered the huevos rancheros, Ana's banana pancakes, savory Dutch baby, and one of the breakfast specials wth goat meat. Everything was appealing to the eye and extremely flavorful. Our least favorite (but still good) was the sweet Dutch baby. We didn't bring anything alcoholic to drink this time, but next time we will definitely consider that for next time.Ohhhh my gawd!! 
This place is by far one of the best and one of my favorite breakfast spots. Please take your time to observe my picture in which I took to check in. That plate, man.. the best combination of breakfast one can find!! Now I love Philly. I'm an Eagles fan. Plan on going ever year now for one game. This is definitely one spot to hit!! I'm forsure going to be there again. Wait in my next post and see me get it again. I am getting anxious to go now just seeing this picture again. Mannn. The waffle houses the eggs, the beans, the pico de Gallo, the bacon, the avocado, and the sauce which was delicious as well. I perfectly planned plate one would have never guessed. In love. 
Their space is small but cozy and the environment is awesome. Friendly, the cooks and hosts getting around. It's like a small family and they are very welcoming in you being their guests. 
Thank you guys for this experience! You've got a devoted customer now. Always bring it up when I talk about Philly.Perfectly cooked eggs every time. The ring bologna eggs benedict is like the world's most delicious heart attack on a plate.That was yummy.  Simple, comfortable place with a nice mix of people, attentive, accompanying staff and interesting menu. 
And the food was great.Had brunch here the other day with my family. 
Waitress lady didn't seem to care, so blasé.   She asked us "you saw the specials outside?", my wife answered yes and she left, I didn't see it so I had to go outside to see and take a picture of it so I remember.  As i was eating i realized the specials were printed on a big piece of table paper on a wall. 
Had the soft shell crab sandwich special and the wifey had eggs and sausage.  Both were good. cooked right. tasted pretty good.  They had regular coffee which wasn't that strong and no espressos. 
I thought it was funny that there was a sign posted mentioning that after you finish eating you should be mindful of others waiting for a table so in other words, Pay Up and Get Going Now, you can talk elsewhere. 
haha, it totally matched the waitress' attitude.
pretty decent looking place! cool place to check out but don't expect too much.Awesome, off the beaten path, lunch/brunch spot. It's cozy, homey, and quaint. There are only a few tables, so don't be surprised if there's a bit of a wait, but it shouldn't be anything crazy. Also, it's BYOB, so bring 'em if you want 'em.
You can tell some real TLC goes into the food here. Everything is so well done. Delicious and comforting and tastes like home. The savory Dutch baby is highly recommended, especially if you've never had something of the sort. The edges are crispy and buttery. The interior is fluffy, slightly sweet, slightly eggy. So, so good.
The bacon here is unbelievable.  Thick, salty, not greasy at all. It occupies that coveted, elusive position at the intersection of crisp and chewy. Get it in something, on something, or by itself. Thank me later. 
The only thing that's keeping me from popping that 5th star is the occasional slip in service. Normally it's fantastic, so don't be too concerned.I came here on Sunday for Brunch with my friends for the first time. 
Their exterior and interior is pretty adorable and it was easy to find them because of the teal colored entrance. 
I did not understand the digital art they had in their walls and bathroom, but it's nice to see them showing local artist's work:)
We ordered French Onion Soup, Savory Duch Baby, and Savory Scallion Waffle. 
-Savory Duch Baby
The Duch Baby pancake was lighter than their Waffle and it came with maple syrup on the side. I really liked the texture of the pancake. 
-Savory Scallion Waffle
Their waffle was large and very photogenic:) It came with creamed chipped beef on top, and the creamed sauce was delicious (goes well with duch baby too). I think they could have more of the savory cream sauce for the size of their waffle. 
-Onion Soup
I only tried one sip but it had unique sweetness that I was not sure if they were from the onion or something else. It was not my cup of tea but it seemed my friend enjoyed so I guess it depends on preference. 
The restaurant is very clean and nice for single or two, and maybe maximum of up to a group of 4 people to fully enjoy.
Their waiters are friendly and their coffee is free and very nice. 
It is my new favorite place in South Philadelphia.Had the sweet Dutch baby it is a cross between an omelette and a crepe. Berries were a fabulous addition. For friends with issues with pork do not get the savory it is cooked in bacon fat per the server. Thank goodness she was very informative. Would try the place again but will try something else. The Dutch baby was good but the omelettes looked  very interestingHow have I lived right around the corner and this is only my second time here? Really cute spot in Pennsport. I got the eggs, bread, and meat and my boyfriend got a special. Of course we had to split a pancake.... and then we saw the scones and I impulsively added that on as well  (I have no self control / love a good #TableCake. Everything was very good! The service was attentive and the chefs behind the counters work their butts off.
I will be backExcellent! I had the French Onion Soup. Tasty and filling!Best brunch and wonderful service as usual. Food and service were great , love The Dutch!!Will tell everyone and will be back soon!!The
Pancakes
Give the Dutch
Something to brag
About beyond bikes and small wooden shoes.We had the Uitsmijter and the sweet Dutch Baby with fruit.  The Uitsmijter was terrific: two sunny eggs, gouda, grilled ham, rye bread, and salad.  I really like getting some salad with my breakfast, it makes the meal a bit lighter.  The eggs were cooked perfectly.  The Dutch Baby was also very good, this is the first time that I ate one with fruit and now I don't think that I can every eat one plain again.  I just saw pictures of the savory Dutch Baby though, I'm going to need to try that.  
Service was attentive, coffee cup was refilled quickly.
It was nice sitting in there on a warm morning with the sun shining through the window.  
BYOB, we brought some champagne and ordered a carafe of orange juice.  It all made for a lazy, relaxing, Saturday brunch.Service is attentive but not overbearing. Nice chill ambience in a small cafe in South Philly. Food came out on time and was both delicious and photogenic. I got the sweet dutch baby with fruit and it was filling.Had the 3-eggs with scrapple and wheat toast. I like the way they cook the scrambled eggs, nice texture. Potatoes are bland, espec. compared to other upscale brunch places. They should try some rosemary, or salt. Coffee wasn't real warm but they replaced it no problem when I said something, good though. Very busy so it was slow, the little tables are very small so I'd recommend the bar if you want elbow room.  Scrapple was good. She had the Huevos rancheros waffle and it was very good. Overall I think it's Sabrina's prices without the finishing touches or menu. The cooks stare at you when you walk in (in PA Dutch country that's considered very rude, in Philly it's normal). I don't know how this was best of Philly 3 years ago.(More like 3.5)
I came in here with a friend over the weekend because we were in the area, and I had bookmarked The Dutch based off some "Best Brunches" list from some magazine I had read a while back. I was super excited to see some of the new/unique items on the menu and felt reassured looking at the other reviews. But upon ordering, I found my meal to be unsatisfying. 
My friend and I order the "Eggs, Meat, Bread and Potato" and the "Sweet Dutch Baby" to split between the two of us. I found the former to really be nothing special (potatoes weren't exactly roasted to perfection, the scrambled eggs weren't that creamy even if they weren't dry, and they only gave us 3 of the tiniest sausages etc), and while it was enough to be filling, I am in no way rushing to come back just for that. As for the Sweet Dutch Baby.. I would go so far as to call it tasteless. Perhaps it was because of the stark contrast in savory flavors from the Eggs, Meat, Bread and Potato, to sweet flavor, but my friend who had tried it beforehand said he couldn't taste too much. There wasn't enough sugar, and it really didn't feel worth the money at all. I was actually really surprised at the high ratings this place received after that. There are definitely more competitive brunch places all over Philly. 
However, I will add that The Dutch had had a power outage, but still managed to serve a sizable crowd. The service was pretty good, but I definitely didn't leave the place wanting anymore.This place is really cute and the staff is friendly. They were able to accommodate our party of 8 during busy Sunday brunch hours - we were sat in less than 30 minutes. The huevos rancheros were delicious and had the unique twist of being served on a waffle. I ordered one of the specials - strawberry shortcake pancakes. They were fluffy and light, the whipped cream was fresh, and the crumble was so good. My side of bacon was perfectly crisp. Definitely making a return visit!The pancakes were the best food that we ordered. The rest (smoked salmon platter & crispy lebanon bologna) were just alright - there wasn't enough bread to make the smoked salmon sandwich with while the bologna was actually decent, but the taste left just a little more to be desired. We waited for one hour seated at our table until our food came out. I don't believe it was worth the wait, but if you are jonesing for some p'cakes then this is your spot!The only reason this place gets 4 stars is due to the amazing food. The service was abysmal and there was no way the food could make this place tolerable. I don't particularly like leaving bad reviews about an establishment. I prefer to review the quality of the food and leave a footnote regarding anything else. I believe too many people on this site penalize based on service and leave out the food which should over shadow poor service.
This place is in a quiet neighborhood and initially seemed family friendly. Looks are deceiving. Sometimes the juice isn't worth the squeeze....Come for the food but leave for the service.Great classic breakfast and lunch with a twist from the chefs of Noord and Fond. Waffles, egg dishes, and salads, with a Pennsylvania Dutch spin and super-friendly service! Great addition to the neighborhood!I've been dying to try The Dutch since moving to South Philly and finally went today and I'm so happy I did! It's a tight space with some tables and counter space so there was a 15/20 minute wait but we just went next door to Grindcore for a cup of coffee and they called us when spots opened up. 
I got the ring bologna eggs Benedict to satisfy the PA Dutch in me and was not disappointed. It was SO MUCH food though so I would recommend splitting it with a friend. My dining partner got the sweet Dutch baby and really enjoyed it. 
The staff was very friendly and attentive as well. I would definitely recommend for breakfast and brunch.I just moved into the neighborhood so was excited to try this place. I went on Sunday morning around 10:30 with a group of 5. The place is small and they do not take reservations. We had to wait about 25 min. We ordered the huevos rancheros, waffles with corned beef atop, french onion soup, lox platter and one of the Dutch entree's on the menu. Everything was huge portions and excellant. The service was also very good. I will be returning. Perhaps earlier in the day to not have to wait as long.from the Bay area of California, group of 10, took red eyes to PHL attending our friend son's wedding, our 1st meal here by google search, all our orders are fresh yummy good, only one guy, he ordered waffle, came only a huge waffle nothing else, the waffle was yummy, but sure wish the theyvcame with eggs and sausages like everybody else will be great。Had breakfast here with my family on monday and it was quite delightful! Beautiful restaurant with room for outside seating. Our server was fantastic; quick, sweet and knowledgeable and always kept our coffees full!  The menu has something for everyone, including Dutch babies, which are th mot amazing this gs ever and so hard to find anywhere else! I also love that a lot of the items on the menu come with a side salad rather then breakfast potatoes... a much lighter idea if you are gonna be eating heavy breakfast foods! Everything that my table ordered was delicious and perfectly cooked. I cant wait to be in philly again so I can come back!Went here on a Wednesday morning and it filled up a little after we arrived. Great food that came out quickly. I loved the atmosphere as well. Would returnThis is so close to five stars, and could end up there after a second visit.  I just love Joncarl and his charm your pants off, euro style eateries.  The food here is firing on all cylinders, but there are a couple kinks to work out.  
In the middle of the summer in the very late morning, it's hot outside.  Especially in August.  Can't have a packed restaurant with an open kitchen and a weak air conditioner.  It wasn't just a little warm, it was balmy in there, which makes for an uncomfortable experience.  There were also a lot of flies inside, nearly a swarm. 
Enough about the bad stuff.  Let's talk about the fantastic food.  The huevos rancheros is a total knockout.  It's the best brunch dish I've had in a while.  They serve it on a semi-sweet waffle with roasted corn, pico, great guac, bacon, and a nicely cooked egg: delicious!!  The banana-nut bread french toast was stellar too.  They caramelized the top side of each piece right to the very edge of being burnt, which gives the bread a really great texture and taste.  Throw some homemade whipped cream, blackberries, and berry syrup on there and you've got a killer dish.  It's also gigantic and a great deal.
One tip before signing off: skip the namesake dutch baby.  It's incredibly tough to make these consistently in a fast pace kitchen, and that's exactly what happens here.  Some are perfectly formed with tall, crisp sides and others don't quite rise properly.  Way too many other great choices on the menu.
Can't wait to go back again and try a few more things, including the mixers!  BYOBThe lady serving us didn't smile once so the service leaves a little to work on but the food makes up for it. The bacon was phenomenal and I have no criticism for the food everything we ordered was greatThe location is very convenient if you're passing through Philly on 95. I found this place by chance on a drive down from New York to DC. You can check-in online or in person. We had to wait a bit after the check-in and they didn't seem that busy. Kinda annoying. In any case, we finally got seated outside, and ordered. The menu is short and sweet. It packs a punch for such an unassuming small corner cafe.  The food is fresh and tasty. I would say the portions are smaller than expected but it's good nonetheless.  You won't leave feeling full but content. Then hop right back on 95 and continue driving.The reviews don't disappoint! Quaint and cozy spot. We came on a Friday morning during brunch. Their menu is a bit limited but it's more of a speciality spot. I had the savory Dutch baby which was lovely and hubs had the Benedict. Both were really tasty and the service was friendly and spot on. This place is fairly small so the Yelp checkin feature is a plus especially on the weekends when it's busier. I would like to commend this place if you're in the area m.Went to The Dutch for breakfast today with the missus. We arrived early and were the first guests of the morning. The staff was friendly and told us to sit where we liked. The waitress came over with the menu and water for the table. We both ordered coffee while we looked over the menu. I ordered the ring bologna eggs Benedict. The dish consisted of sunny side eggs, rye toast, creamed chip beef and house potatoes. The highlight of the dish were the smashed potatoes. I'm not afraid of sunny side up eggs but my eggs looked undercooked. I guess it didn't bother me enough because I ate them. The cream chipped beef was rather loose and the pieces of beef were cut very small. The ring bologna was cooked well but the casing was left on and it was chewy. I had to remove it from the cut up pieces. Lastly the rye toast was huge it could have been half the size and it was difficult to cut. The missus ordered the grilled veggie omelette. The omelette consisted of haricot verts, butternut squash, red onion and goat cheese with house potatoes. The wife enjoyed the omelette and said the veggies were very fresh but she would have enjoyed more seasoning. She also enjoyed the potatoes.I hate to write reviews like this because, looking at the other write-ups, not only do I find myself in the minority, it seems like I'm being overly picky just to be so - that's really not the case.
With Noord being one of our favorite restaurants in Philly, we were looking forward to having the Chef's version of a Dutch Baby, which was a fantastic breakfast/lunch entrée we enjoyed for the first time in Seattle.  This version, although good, could not compare to the previous one.  The pancake/crepe batter was too thin and the dish just didn't deliver the savory goodness that we were expecting.  The Ring Bologna Eggs Benedict (sunny side up eggs, rye English muffin, creamed chipped beef, house potatoes) also was good but almost had too many ingredients in it, with the potatoes being overly salted. 
The coffee we were served was luke-warm at best and after a few sips we asked for it to be replaced.  Sadly, it was now hot but still didn't have much taste.
So for the above, with tax and tip, the bill came to around $38.00  Sadly, I don't think we will return.Really good for breakfast! Affordable prices and cute atmosphere.
The Only issue is seating in the morning, it can get a bit packed in here.Overly aggressive brunch hostesses/servers are exhausting. Apparently your whole party needs to be inside the restaurant to be seated. My husband was parked outside the door with our three year old and that was not enough to get a table. The people behind us got the last table. The offered us the bar which doesn't work with a high chair. So we left. A little grace is all we needed and we would have been happy to spend our money at The Dutch.Excellent breakfast! Fun, tasty and interesting offerings. High quality ingredients. I got the cream chipped beef on the scallion waffle. My partner got the ring bologna eggs benedict. The ring balogna is basically smoky kielbasa. We shared the sweet Dutch baby which is like a large eggy pancake with crispy edges and lemon sugar. So delicious!
The service was good and casual. I was a bit nervous about getting poor service after reading some of the other reviews. It would depend on your server I suppose. We arrived around 10 AM on a Saturday and were pleased to be seated right away. It filled up a bit while we were there and noticed that a couple who came in ended up leaving before being seated, I assume because they did not want to wait for a table.
We did not indulge, but they have a $35 carafe of orange/peach juice and a "complimentary" bottle of champagne on the menu. The next time we want to do  a boozy brunch, we'll definitely consider this.Its a small restaurant and they seem to be short on staff, because I only saw 2 waiters in the whole place. The service was slow and just not that pleasant. I understand it gets busy but I expected more. The food itself was just fine. I had the sweet dutch baby with fruit, and was not impressed. It was a little too eggy, not that buttery, and I didn't taste the lemon or sugar the menu cited. The fruit was a nice fresh touch though. I've honestly made a better dutch baby using Chrissy Teigen's cookbook, so try that if you have time. They were out of pancake mix (which is wild at a breakfast spot), and creamed chipped beef, so my friends got a waffle and a veggie omelet. They said their food was fine, no one was blown away by anything they had. I will say $6 for a side of breakfast meat is a lot. All in all, this is a fine breakfast spot. Its cute and quaint and the food is simple.Solid breakfast!  Highly recommend if you are in the area, friendly staff & awesome food.Just came back from my first time (obviously there'll be future visits) eating here and couldn't wait to write a review. 
Brunch is undoubtedly my favorite meal so I'm always on the lookout for a new gem (esp if it's the lovebaby of Fond and Noord chefs!). We arrived at around 11am, and the place was already full with a few parties waiting outside. Our party of 3 got seated a quick 15 min later at the counter, which I loved because I got to watch all the open kitchen action up close.
My 2 friends ordered the roasted mushroom omelette, while I got the pork belly hash which was on the specials menu, and we ordered the ana banana pancakes to share. I wished I read up on the restaurant info more carefully beforehand, because then I would have brought a bottle of champagne or vodka to make mimosa/bloodys with, as I enviously checked out other patrons enjoying their boozy brunch. Ok, maybe I still wouldn't have, we were hungover from last night oops.
Back to business...the food really is excellent here. I regrettably did not take a bite of my friends' omelette because I was too busy destroying my own pork belly dish. But there's truffle oil in the omelette so I'm just going to assume it was tasty (and my friends said so). My pork belly was savory/flavorful and blended in nicely with the potatoes and sunny eggs, esp w/ the runny yolk. I personally make it a mission to always have eggs in my wknd brunches.
Now to the star of the meal, the ana banana pancakes (blueberry pancakes w/ banana slices, whipped cream, and powdered sugar). The dish was just...smooth. There's no skimping on the amount of fruit, and the buttermilk pancake itself felt very substantial but at the same time not heavy. The whip cream was light yet w/ just the right amount of sweetness. Note: this isn't one of the cast iron skillet prepared pancakes.
The service was friendly and the vibe laid back. They were very busy so it took some time for the dishes to come out which we didn't mind. 
Can't wait to come back and try out the rest of the menu (apparently we didn't even order their most popular items like the waffles and the dutch baby(ies?). And next time I will definitely bring booze w/ me.The Dutch was an amazing spot to have breakfast and brunch.   I ate the Philly cheese hash special.  My wife had the Dutch Baby (Savory).  Service was on point.  Food was super yummy and definitely will be back when visiting.I came in for lunch and well, saw the menu which was mostly brunch, so I ordered a brunchy type of sandwich.  It was called the uitsmijter, which I couldn't even pronounce so thanks to the waitress I now know how to do it.  It was quite good and very heavy, containing 2 fried eggs over guanciale bacon and gouda cheese on a slice of rye bread.  A side salad cut through the heaviness a bit.  Everything was tasty but a few nitpicks include:  too much salad dressing, my mouth puckered from the vinegar.  The rye bread was tough, hard to cut with a butter knife.  A bit of egg slid off the plate once when I was cutting.
Decor is cute, there is Dutch paraphernalia everywhere.  Service is great, water (cucumber water, actually) kept coming and the meal came out timely.