This was one of the worst restaurant experiences I have ever dealt with. From beginning to end the service could not have been any worse. When we walked into the door the hostess did not seem to want to be bothered with any of the customers. I had asked for a table to seat 13 people and was told the wait would be about an hour. After about 35 minutes of waiting, my party and I noticed that the hostess had walked out of the restaurant. A customer had asked us if we were waiting to be seated and we replied "yes," he then informed us that the restaurant had been struggling that night and that he waited over 30 minutes for a to go order. We were then seated after about an hour and a half wait, but when we arrived at our table there were only 11 seats and even those were crammed together. We asked management if we could have another table added to the two that were already pushed together and the staff made it seem as though it was too difficult of a task to be done, so we began to move the tables ourselves until finally one of the employees saw and politely moved them for us. The hostess we had, who never mentioned her name throughout the entire meal, had the worst customer service I have ever seen. She asked if we would like drinks but only took drink orders for 5 of the guests. When asked about one of the drinks on the menu, the waitress seemed clueless. After we finished our appetizers, our meals began to come out, but our waitress did not take any of our finished dishes from the table in order to make room. After our meals, our waitress did not even ask if we would like to have any left overs wrapped to go or if we would like dessert, even after two guests ordered cheesecake. Throughout the entire dinner, my party, as well as myself, did not have a good time and we all agreed that we will not be attending this location ever again.Worst place long wait for a meal, then came uncooked wet chicken. Turned it back waited an other 30 min for the check. Disappointed ! And it was at 3:30 pm not even rush hour yeti love cheesecake factory--food's not gourmet but the ambiance is fun so it makes up for it. i've been to at least 10 different locations in various states and this one is by far the worst of them all. nothing ruins an experience more than poor service. horrible service. 
we were seated pretty quickly on a Saturday afternoon, but no one came to our table for the next 10-15 minutes--not even to give us water. when they came to take our drink order, it took another 10-15 minutes for them to bring it to us--the place wasn't packed and there were servers all over the place and ours was nowhere to be found. a different server came over to bring a beer and then our actual server finally came with my iced tea and 1 water even though there were 2 of us. we were sure to order the app and entree at the same time since it was apparent it would take awhile. the appetizer came at a normal speed--after taking 2 bites,  a completely different server came with the entree--great timing and communication. as were finishing up the meal--i'm still taking bites from the plate,the server came back and asked if we were done...ok, i guess so. we then ordered a cheesecake to-go--she came back with the check and 15 minutes later the cheesecake came from yet another server. how many people does it take to serve 2 people? And how long? I know it just opened, but it was really disappointing to say the least.So this was my second experience with The Cheesecake Factory in Philadelphia and honestly might be my last. My first time going was wonderful. Food and service was great and well worth the price, but this time was nothing compared to my first visit. My waiter was so rude. I tried to give him a break because he seemed tired and it was 9pm but the times after that was a no go. 
Examples : made me feel rushed to order, very passive aggressive, took my appetizer away even though I wasn't done with it, asked if the tip was "all of it". 
And it honestly just wasn't the waiter/service, the food has noticeably gone down in size since my first visit. The food was very bland. Just the worst dinner ever.Will not eat at this location again. Started with them telling us an hour wait. So we put in our name and came back 55mins later. At that point they said we were one of the next tables. Well 30 mins later we will were not called. We went up to complain and were told they were cleaning our table. 15 mins later we finally got seated. Total wait time was 1 HR 40 mins which is pretty ridiculous considering that when we got seated there were 4 large clean empty tables around us. 
The server was prompt and polite. I had no problems with him. We put our order in immediately with our drink orders. We got our bread and it was not warm and was very hard on the outside. When the runners brought out our entrees they only brought 2 of the 5 out. 5 mins later (yes I actually monitored the time) the other 3 entrees came out. 2 of the entrees were wrong. My husband ordered spaghetti and received a sandwich and I ordered a burger and received a piece of meat on hard bread, nothing else was on the burger. I told the waiter and he apologized. I told the waiter to take back my incorrect food and that I did not want my food replaced so just take it off the bill which he did. They brought my husbands correct entree, but at that point everyone else at the table was already done. 
By the end we were annoyed and just ordered the strawberry shortcake to share. The ice cream was good but the biscuit was very hard and inedible. 
Definitely will not be returning!!My third visit and you can sense the slow decline in what was pretty good service and quite good food (for the $) after only just under a month open.  
Now the "downstairs" hostess is busy, busy on her cell phone and the "upstairs" desk staff is busy, busy looking bored, disinterested and talking among themselves.  The server staff is trying but management is, at best, focused on...who knows what...not the customers for sure.
Seated at the tiniest, most crowded table in a half empty restaurant--I guess this was convenient for...the staff. When I asked for new table the manager was nearly dumbfounded and reluctantly reseated us after asking if we had ordered anything--I guess if we had ordered we would be punished by not being allowed to switch tables. (Actually our server finally took initiative and moved us since the manager was busy...talking with the hostesses.)  Food arrived at a reasonable pace and was C+---beef in Hibachi Beef was dryish but other items good. Tried to buy a piece of cheesecake (at almost $10 a pop) and couldn't get anybody to sell it to me. 1 counterperson--3 customers---all on a very slow night overall---while 2 hostesses and 2 mangers stood right next to cheesecake case chatting with each other.
They hustled for the first few weeks--now they're just taking orders for pretty good food with diminishing service. Bottom line--almost faithful (local Center City eat-out-all-the-time nearby residents) are now twice a year customers...maybe...locals who wouldn't send visiting friends and relatives here for sure...
As other reviewers have said...it could've been a hit but it's really just hit...and miss at CCF!Some of the worst food I've ever tasted. The waitstaff is great but their poor excuse for maple syrup is awful and runny and the breakfast food is just sad.Take-out only review.
One of my friends was in from out of town and was craving cheesecake. We walked a couple blocks over, took the elevator upstairs and were greeted by a hangry mob.
Well, basically. It was midday on a Saturday and this place was bursting at the seams with people waiting for tables. Originally we planned to eat-in until we heard about the crazy wait time. No thanks.
Fortunately, they do have a to-go counter. While the process of ordering was a bit unorganized and the staff unfriendly, we were able to snag our cheesecake slices and leave within about 10 minutes.
I ordered the chocolate chip cookie dough, and it was pretty darn good. I don't want to consider the calorie count on that thing...but if you're in the mood for an extra sweet snack, you could very well visit this accessible spot.
Of course, there's also the option of stopping in one of the local haunts, where you're likely to find stellar fare at better prices. But that's just the anti-chain snob in me speaking!It's gorgeous. A+ on the renovations of the building. Which also lends to big pluses on atmosphere. They are accommodating of all group sizes also another positive. They food there I have had has been solid and they are pretty accommodating with patrons amending their order. The service is average not terrible but nothing to note. My only hiccup is that everything on their menu gigantic and very high calorie. Even the "skinilicious" menu I question. Tough place for someone trying to eat healthy and not for anyone not looking for lots of food. That's just a personal preference though take from it what you will.The service is awful at times and other times its superb. Not sure why this is so, but I have been there quite a few times. The food isn't out of this world. They do so many different cuisines because their menu is vast, but there isn't a single dish I am crazy for. However, they have amazing appetizers. Love their stuffed mushrooms, flatbreads, lettuce wraps, etc. It is for their appetizers they get a 4 instead of a 3.Beautiful setting, but absolutely terrible service even after asking for a manager to bring it to his attention. Food was cold, mimosas were warm & full of OJ, not coming back to this location. Sat around dirty plates for 4ever waiting on check. Not even a busy dayFirst star is for the decoration. This location is for young people who cannot drive to other locations. Second star is for the service. Nice and friendly. Third star is for cheese cake. Should try the mango key lime one. Beautiful cake comes with multiple layer of flavors, tastes, and textures.
Minus 2 stars because the grilled food was horrible. I ordered KOBE Style burger with Medium cook. They handed me a burned well done and dried meat. I called the server to request a new one. My friends already finished their meals and I had to wait for my burger in 20 mins. Second time was less burn but still complete well done and dried. They use gas grill and you can smell the gas on every bite. I wanted throw up after a first bite. The sever was so nice so I just let it go and pack it home. Of course, I will throw it away. Cannot eat it. My friend's pork chop dish was $23 and it was burned as well. The burn layer was like 1/8 inches. She had to cut it out and eat it without requesting to change her dish.
In general, it was overpriced for the quality of food. It looks nice but not recommended for a date because people bring their kids and it may get lousy sometime.Had Sunday night dinner this summer with my cousins from Ireland, party of 7. Service was great.  our meals and desserts were excellent.  Our server made sure all 7 meals arrived at the same time and recommended some great items. The Cheesecake factory was a highlight of my cousins' trip to NYC and Philadelphia.  Looking forward to my next meal there.The food was the best! 
Fort time trying their food because it was always so far. I'm glad they opened one in the city and it would be great for them to be in restaurant week in the future ! !My hubby and I enjoyed a wonderful dinner on Saturday night prior to a show, which was a short walk away, at the Merriam Theater.  We arrived around 5:45pm and were seated about 20 minutes later, which was the anticipated wait time according to the front desk.  Our waiter, Logan, was very personable and attentive.  The caesar salad was very fresh and tasty.  My husband really enjoyed his Jamaican Black Pepper Chicken and Shrimp.  The original cheesecake with glazed strawberries and whipped cream was delicious!Whenever I think of the Cheesecake Factory, Vince Young always comes to mind. As his dumpster fire of an NFL career was coming to an end circa 2012, reports began to surface that the former Eagles QB and third overall pick of the 2006 NFL draft was known to spend upwards of $5,000 per week at the Cheesecake Factory.
I know NFL players enjoy the lavish lifestyle, but come on, $5,000 per week at the CHEESECAKE FACTORY? You're a millionaire. Treat yourself. That's like if I went out tonight and spent $200 at Taco Bell (I've come close). 
Sources now say Vince Young is now working at an undisclosed Cheesecake Factory location as a short order line cook. Get 'em, Vince!
This was my first visit to a Cheesecake Factory. Not sure how I was able to avoid them for this long. You know, there's a lot to like about this place. The dining room is pretty darn impressive. Lots of head room. 
Pressed for time, my buddies and I opted to sit at the bar rather than wait for a table. Service was friendly, though not the most attentive. As a fairly outgoing group, we were able to get the attention of the bartenders. But I noticed a lot of quiet couples around us being completely neglected. This was actually making ME feel a little awkward, so I made it a point to tell the bartender not to focus solely on my group and to help the other people standing around. Not sure why this was necessary ... you'd think they would do this on their own.
Food portions are HUGE! Has anyone else ever ordered the chicken fingers here? You seriously get like two pounds of chicken and another half pound of mashed potatoes. Seriously. It's obscene. In a good way, of course.
Would I come back? Sure. I love riding escalators to the main dining room. I don't get to do that much here in Reading. Weeeeee!FYI: Their portion sizes are HUGE and the calorie count definitely matches what you get so you might be eating a full days worth of calories in a single meal. 
The fiancé and I were in center city on a date night sorta type thing and came here before checking out some DIY wedding supplies at the AC Moore nearby. Let's just say....it's been a while.
WHAT I GOT: Grilled fish tacos
PROS: First of all, I gotta give it up to our waiter. He was legit the sweetest person ever with the way he talked to us and served us during the meal that it made up for the lack of flavor in our food. And I also appreciate the fact that the Cheesecake Factory lists the calorie count of their food. I mean, for how big their portions are, you can kinda guess how much you're taking in but it's also good to have a set number. The food was cooked pretty well: nice moist chicken and flaky fish. All the ingredients tasted fresh and there were some good flavor combinations in my taco. The ambiance of this place is also pretty cozy and definitely family friendly.
CONS: Where to start...well for starters, my taco shells were uhhh...limp and cold. And the fish on the inside joined them within minutes of hitting the table. The cilantro rice they serve with it tasted ok but that's about it. Just ok. They also gave me a little bowl of beans but I took two bites and left it alone. My fiancé's truffle honey chicken was incredibly bland though. The skin didn't taste like much, neither did the meat on the inside. Most of the flavor came from the sauce on the plate. His mashed potatoes were peppery af but with the chicken, it wasn't terrible. I'm not sure if the quality of the food decreased since the last time I had it but it definitely wasn't really something I'd be like "dying to try".This is our second times in here this time me and my friend choose specialty fillet mignon, its a disappointment cause the more we eat it the more we feel the salt, they put too much salt on our steak. The beef is tender, it just too salty.This was my first time here it was four of us I liked that it was not very crowded but it was very dark could not read the menu without my phone flashlight my server was all over the place we got water after our beverages and we waited a whole for him to come back n take my son's order since they say we serve breakfast all day but they don't only certain things but the food was good I thought for the price I did not get enough shrimp n I think for the amount of people there our server was just not available when we needed him I will return saw something on the lunch menu I would like to try but drinks are beyond pricey 14.00 for a margarita that was not goodThis is a cheesecake factory review for their dessert because imo that's what sets them apart!! 
Although cheesecake is in the name, I would say the sundaes are a slightly better dessert option on the menu! I have never been disappointed in a cheesecake from here but I have also never been stuffed. If you want to have a large dessert to share, I would suggest the hot fudge or rocky road sundae. It's large enough for 2-3 people and if you ask for no whipped cream I'm almost positive you get more ice cream haha.Our first server was very nice, although she didn't know much and had to check her notes a couple of times (which wasn't a problem at all) I ordered the steak medallions well done with out mushrooms (I'm allergic) the bring our food out and i look down and there's mushrooms. When they finally brought out my right food, it was not well done, closer to medium well.  Our table was rarely checked on, and we ran out of ketchup and butter and couldn't get more because no one came over unless they were bringing us something. Multiple other little things could be fixed as well, but the main thing being their attention to customer satisfaction. They did not do anything for us other than apologize for screwing up my order badly, which when it comes to allergies it should be taken more seriously. If this restaurant wasn't a chain I would most likely not return, however I'll try it again when they work out some of the kinksThis was the worst CF experience ever. Everywhere I go, I order the same item. Ordered it here and the chicken was dry and overcooked. They offered to remake it which was a mistake, as it took an eternity. Second round showed up better but still not up to CF standard. The waitress and manager were very gracious, but neither went out of their way to make it right. Bottom line is I walked out paying $28 (including full tip) for a mediocre meal that took forever. Not even an offer to comp my iced tea. Seriously? #1 rule of restaurant management: if at all possible, MAKE IT RIGHT!Sub par service. Came with a group of 5 people 3pm on a Saturday. We ordered 4 salads and a soup, and it took 45 minutes to come out. There was a giant hair ball next to the table which solidified the experience. The cold soup, slow service, and soggy salads are the reasons I will never come back or recommend Cheesecake Factory to anyoneI often frequent the Center City location on Walnut St. My girls and I usually hang out after a long week at work. Well wouln't you know it the time my I bring my children with me our experience is the worst. I CAN'T stand an establishment that changes up week to week. Well DON'T need to go on. Definitely, won't be coming back.I have no idea why this place doesn't have high ratings because i've been almost all of the cheesecake factory in USA and this is one of the best. To be hones after Las Vegas, this is the best. Foods are good especially fried calamari is amazing, i know it's appetizer but it's really tasty. For main course fillet mignon is my favorite. I've been writing as everything is perfect but i put 4 stars because of service. They should improve their service that's the reason why i choose the 4 stars instead of 5... But definitely i'll be back...Went to Cheesecake Factory on Tuesday with my husband, brother, and friend. When you're going to the cheesecake factory you know what you're going to get - it's a chain restaurant with a menu that has pages and pages of options! We didn't have any sort of wait and were seated right away. This Cheesecake Factory looks like any normal Cheesecake Factory, however, what I did like was they have a seating area where the windows are open which is really nice.
We put in a drink order and an order of the Hot Spinage and Cheese Dip.  The drinks and appetizer came promptly. Our waitress was pretty knowledgeable..  apparently during the training they had to learn the whole menu and got to try most of the food for 2 whole weeks! For our entrees we went with the Cajun Jambalaya Pasta, Herb Crusted Filet of Salmon, and Farfalle with Chicken and Roasted Garlic. The Farfalle with Chicken and Roasted Garlic was the best dish out of them all and we'll definitely be going back for that dish!  The only complaint was that we wanted the Snickers Cheesecake, however, they were out of the ingredients so we ended up going with the Tiramisu Cheesecake and S'mores Cheesecake - both equally yummy!For a Saturday night we were started pretty quickly. Service was good and the food was fine. The cheesecake however was HORRIBLE. When the waitress came over I commented how tiny the slice was. It used to be enough to share but this piece was pretty much smaller than the two dollops of whipped cream. I ended up being happy that the piece was so small because it tasted really bad. The cheesecake part dry and crumbly. I guess I should thank them for helping me watch my calorie intake...Overall I love the Cheesecake Factory and it many locations but this one is pretty amazing. You get to go up these escalators just to get to the restaurant which is pretty fancy, not to mention the awesome views of the city. Food and service excellent.The food is very good and consistent. Friendly table service. Portions are large even at Happy hour  - a great deal. Nice pours. However I'm rating the service at the bar horrible. I've been numerous times and I swear the bar tenders are trained NOT to acknowledge customers, Not to ask if they would like water or drink refills. Bummed out because I like the CCF.As much as I hated to lower the rating, last night was the last time I am going to this location.  We got there around 5:45, and it wasn't terribly busy.  We got seated, and 10 minutes later, no one came by.  Then a table was seated to our left and one to our right.  They got their drinks, and we never were even greeted yet.  A server came by, asked if anyone helped us yet, and said that it wasn't her table but she would take our order.  I asked for the Renee's half sandwich and soup because the soup sounded really good, and even thought it was hot out, I wanted to try it.  Ten minutes later, the server came back and said that the Renee's special was only for lunch.  I looked at the menu again, and while it said served until 5:00, the special was also on their regular menu of sandwiches.  I showed it to our server, who said "The computer wouldn't let me enter it, I'll try again."  We finally got our waters, and I assumed all was fine.  FIFTEEN minutes later, the server comes by to tell me that the soup is completely different.  I looked at my husband and said, lets just get the check.  The server said ok, and walked away without trying to fix the situation.  After watching her give the checks to 3 other tables, my husband and I got up to leave, but stopped to speak to the manager.  
45 minutes sitting there and walked out because no one seemed to know what food they served (twice) and how to get us drinks and our check.  NEVER AGAIN.I visited Philly this past weekend from Washington, DC, and decided to go to the Cheesecake Factory. You can never go wrong with the Cheesecake Factory, or so I thought, especially since it's one of my favorite budget places to eat, the food is always plentiful, reasonably priced, and tasty. Well, that's until this last visit. First, let me start by saying this is a BEAUTIFUL location but, unfortunately the service and quality of food does not match the atmosphere. I've never received such horrible service in my life. It was slow, unorganized and downright shameful. My dish (Four Cheese Pasta) was made twice and still was not right. I spoke with the manager and she apologized and offered to make it over a third time. At that point, I was over the whole experience and was ready to travel back to my own city where the Cheesecake Factory service is excellent, and the food is even better. If you're ever in Philly, avoid this location like the plague. It's doing the franchise a disservice.My third or fourth time here. Haven't loved a meal yet. The food is just ok to me. I'm always let down. The lighting is kept so low that it's difficult to read the menus. The A/C is always too cold for my liking. No more cheesecake factory for me.This was probably the worst experience I've ever had at a Cheesecake Factory. Got there at 11 am with a party of six. Our party ordered a mix of lunch specials. 
My meal, the Chicken salad sandwich, was almost 100% mayo. Just pure mayo. Not even sure if there was chicken in it. My friend got the Orange chicken lunch special and it came out cold. The texture was extremely mushy, it almost disintegrated in your mouth. A burger at the table tasted and looked like they found it in the dumpster. Buffalo chicken sandwich had no buffalo sauce on it. Fries and nachos were good but not sure how you can screw those up. Some things in our table were almost inedible. 
Service was good and attentive but the restaurant was completely empty so can't speak to the quality when they are busier. 
To be fair, we didn't bring these negative comments up to our server or management as we just really wanted to get of out there but this location NEEDS to shape up and immediately.I have written other reviews regarding the regular dining menu at TCF. this review is strictly about the happy hour menu offered between 4 and 6PM Monday thru Friday.
I have gone once by myself around Five PM and it was very busy but my experience was very good. had to wait a bit for drinks sometimes but considering thre rush the delay was understandable. This time i went with a friend and we showed up right after Four PM. Big difference in the room. Not nearly as busy or loud.
I'll just list the items that we ordered along with their happy hour price-Chicken Pot Stickers ($5.50), Crispy Crab Bites ($7.50,real crab meat), The Warm Crab & Artichoke Dip ($5.50-had two orders in house and my friend ordered one to go, that's how great the dip is. Intoxicating and addictive!), Dynamite Tempura Shrimp ($6.95-not as spicy as I had been led to think they would be but good flavor nonetheless. If you order the house wine, be it white, red, or zinfandel, (I had my usual Merlot) the price is $5.50. Name brand wines will cost more (Like my friend's Moscato @ $9.50). You can get beer for $3-4 and drinks such as Long Island Iced teas, mojitos, and margaritas for $5.50! There are so many appetizers that we didn't get to try this time nut are looking forward to on our next trip. The price is right and the earlier you come the better the service will be. After five it can get busy so things will take longer. Wanted to also mention our server Craig M. who answered our questions and, if didn't know the answer, he would go and find out. He was friendly and patient, even bringing us fresh, warm bread when the first basket came out cold and hard. Thanks Craig! 
So, if you are looking to try The Cheesecake Menu without paying the regular prices, try their happy hour. You will probably be tempted into going back to try the regular menu at some point in the future.The worst service ever! Got there at 4:20, the booth we were put into was too small for the baby seat, and when we asked hostess about it she just walked away. Then we took it upon ourselves to move. Then after we ordered they brought it the wrong order to 2 out of the 3 of us. So while one is us was eating for 20 minutes the rest were just waiting for their correct order. The. Our waitress couldn't remember anything we were asking for and had to repeat everything to her. Then she left in the middle of purser vice and we got a second server. This server was nice and then we asked if we could split the bill. She was accommodating until she gave us the checks, we gave her out cards and then when we got the receipts the amount had changed on out of our checks from originally 35 to 42!! How the hell does that happen? Please explain how you randomly add 2 sodas to a check that was already correct before we gave you out cards. Then she wanted to know If that extra was ok or does she need to get her manager... Um yes get your manager.. Then she returned with 6$ in cash  without the manager... Mind you the overcharge was 7$ . At this point we were so frustrated we just took our tip back and left. 
This was supposed to be a nice night out for me and my cousins but ended up being a night where our patience was tried. Will not be returning back here anytime soon: most likely will go to Max Brenner's around the corner... Very disappointedThis rating is for amazing whole wheat baguette that you can buy at the restaurant to take home. I got it warm so it's very crunchy on the outside but soft and warm inside. $3.50 per baguette plus tax.First time at this location and I was impressed! The service was excellent (our server's name was Steven). He was very attentive. We had a party of 4, celebrating a birthday. I ordered jambalaya which was great and plentiful. The other ladies had sandwiches which they enjoyed. Crab balls and calamari for apps, sweet potato cheesecake to go. Will definitely return!Went here two days in a row and each time entire experience was tremendous. Food was great. Service spot on.menu huge & very busy with the other patrons food all looking  great and all seemingly enjoying themselves. servings are huge ..I'm not a big fan of cheese cake and never order it.however since I was there I felt obligated to try..it was delectable & a huge piece enough to share ..
An army of staff all with a outstanding attitude and friendly professionalism thats unfortunately not all that common anymore .
Big fan and i would highly recommend !I rarely ever complain about a restaurants service and kitchen staff; however, the dining experience at this specific Cheesecake Factory was absolutely awful. For starters, the waiter listened to our orders, didn't write them down and then proceeded to come back to the table and ask us for our orders again. The three of us dining all made modifications to our orders. When he brought out orders over, he did not take note of the modifications, resulting in us having to wait even longer for our food. Once our "correct" food came over, there was still food missing and the quality was not good. My mom ordered the grilled chicken tostado salad. The tostado was limp and soaked instead of crispy, and there was no chicken on the salad. I ordered the Tuscan chicken subbed with salmon which comes with artichokes but there were no artichokes, and the salmon portion was so small. I had gone to the King of Prussia location the night before which had a salmon filet double the size served at the Philadelphia location. The manager was nice enough to give me another portion of salmon but the overall quality of service and food was sub-par at best. Will not be coming to this location again.This was my 1st time at this location.  The building and atmosphere is gorgeous.  Thankfully they have an elevator in addition to the escalators and steps.  I was with a rather large group of people, and we were able to be seated in a private room with a wonderful view of Philadelphia.  This was good and bad.  Why?  As it got darker outside, the dimmer the lights became on the inside, to the point where we were all pulling out our cellphones to use the lights to read our menus! 
For my drink, I ordered a glass of Moscato.  Unfortunately they were out of it. :(  So, I ordered a glass of Riesling.  It was pretty good.  The only thing i didn't like was the fact that the wine glasses were so large, yet they only filled it up halfway!  I guess that's to make you order another glass.  Who knows.  Needless to say, for $9.50, that was my only glass of wine for the night.  Grade: B
My appetizer was the Fried Zucchini.  I asked for mine without cheese and marinara sauce instead of ranch dressing.  I was looking forward to it, since this is one of my favorite appetizers in the world, and everywhere I have gone either took it off of their menus or it has been absolutely horrendous!  Well...The Cheesecake factory made me happy!  Thick pieces of Zucchini sticks, light and crispy breading and wasn't served as a greasy mess!  The people I shared them with agreed that they were very good.  The portion was very large.  I ended up ordering more to go with my main course.  Grade: A+
My main course for dinner was Fish and Chips.  Well.  I can honestly say that I've had better in less-costing restaurants.  The flsh was fried nice and crispy, but it was very bland.  The fries were good.  Grade: C
Dessert:  I ordered the Oreo Cookie Cheesecake for myself and the Godiva Cheesecake for my friend.  Both were awesome, like always!  Grade: A+
The only thing that I can completely say that I was truly upset about was the salad that I ordered to-go.  It was the French Country Salad with mixed greens, grilled asparagus, fresh beets, goat cheese, candied pecans and vinaigrette.  I was very disappointed when I got home and opened up the salad.  Extremely wilted lettuce.  There were only a couple pieces of beets and they looked dried out.  We won't even talk about the asparagus.  About 2 goat cheese crumbles.  All I can say is that this was a major disappointment for the amount that it cost. Grade:D
Overall, my experience with the food was ok.  Our server, Anna, did a good job with serving a large group.  The only issue I had was sending my check back for corrections.  
Will I go back to this particular location?  Not sure.  We shall see.   
Overall Grade:  CThe food was good, but the service was extremely bad! I asked for ONE minute to decide and the waitress comes back TEN minutes later. Not to mention she glanced my way a few times and noticed that I was ready to order. Extremely disappointed that the service sucked since the food was good. Not saying I haven't had good experiences before but this is was pretty bad. The table was not thoroughly cleaned and the wait time for a seat (when the restaurant was nearly empty) was way too long.Came in at a not busy time 4:45 on a Monday, not only did no one come over after ten minutes but after saying something to the hostess I was still left sitting. I got up and left only to find the escalator now broken going down. I wanted my friend who had never been to try and no I doubt he ever will.Good inexpensive place to eat for less than $20 per person. It's right in the middle of center city, so it's classy without being too expensive.Let's be clear, I only gave 3 stars mainly for ambiance. I love the setup of this Cheesecake. My first time here, me and a group of friends dined for a birthday. We sat in the grand room upstairs and felt like celebs lol. It was so clean and pretty. Our server was nice and accommodating too. She wasn't intimidated by our large party. She had glasses and braids. I ordered the calamari and a glass of Proseco. My calamari was fried really bad and had chicken on the plate; I assume they fry chicken in the same fryer. Which is ok, but I'm a vegetarian. I unknowingly bit into it, disturbed. I told our server though, and she had no problem taking it back. I didn't get anything else. 
My second time here I ordered the fettuccine alfredo and had the same server. Sweet, still. This meal was way better though! No complaints for this one. It was so good I couldn't even finish it all. I'd probably return.Beautiful, especially for a space in Philly! I love the variety. It is a chain but they do it very well.After our third visit here, we will not be returning. Promptly seated, we waited 13 minutes for any server to take our drink order. A party (seated after) next to us had their drinks before we met our server. After waiting another 15 minutes 2 of 3 of our drinks arrived. Because "the bar was running behind".  Our server also insisted there were no more kids cups. The same table across from us had one though. I ordered the Bang Bang Chicken wich had no Bang at all. Not a hint of spice. Wife ordered the Jamaican chicken which was just as lack luster. My daughter had spaghetti and marinara and surprise.. She likes it from our neighborhood diner more. I would only recomend cheesecake to go, if that.A+++++! Our server was great, everything we had was great. The managers came around to check on us and were very friendly and sincere. We had the artichoke appetizer and I highly recommend it. I suggest you park nearby, because you will have leftovers! Such a great addition to the city.The Cheesecake Factory was AMAZING, but pricey. Not everything was good, but if you order the right things, it'd be a perfect meal.
The portions were huge as well. If you're an average eater, one entree is good enough for two. 
Four of us had 1 appetizer and 3 entrées, 2 cheesecakes and 1 ice cream. The bill came up to 100. Just to let you know. Service was great, though food came a little slow. Still. Food was food. No complaints. 
Orders: 
Calamari - was salty, though with a nice crisp. Still not worth it
Bang Bang chicken and shrimp - distinct Thai flavor with pineapple. Great great dish if you love Thai. 
Steak Diane - amazing. Very well done. Had a medium rare. Mushrooms were perfect. 
Some sort of deep fried chicken pasta - very average, even possibly below average. 
Smores cheesecake - Fantastic, if you love Smores or chocolate.
Red velvet - average, nothing outstanding
Hot fudge sundae - below average, was meh.I love the Cheesecake Factory and was excited that one just opened in center city. Like the other locations I've visited, the food is so good and the portions are huge. Customer service was great which is another plus. Highly recommend the monte cristo for brunch.My first visit to a CF, had a great experience. Had steak with mashed potatoes with Asian influences. Was amazing. Had a piece of salted caramel cheesecake for desert, we were three people sharing it but could not finish it. Very full tummy!
Nice staff but tables were a bit .. Unprivate. Close to the next table.My co-workers and I went to the Cheesecake Factory to meet over lunch. Upon our arrival, one of my co-workers saw a roach on the floor, we thought that might have been a single incident until after being seated at our table; we placed our orders, was engaged in discussion at which point one of my co-workers saw another roach on the back of my seat, after some bewilderment, we get up, while another of my co-workers kill the roach; the manager comes over and offers us a seat in another location, we say fine; until while standing waiting to be seated we see yet another roach crawling on another seat. The manager acknowledged that there had just been extermination. At that point we all opted to leave the establishment as none of us had much of an appetite after that incident. I highly recommend that extermination be done after hours and allow enough time so that bugs such as roaches be totally eliminated before the establishment reopens. Unfortunately, I will not be back to that particular Cheesecake Factory and will probably be suspicious of others. If the dining area was like that, I can only imagine how things were in the kitchen where there's much more food.This place is the good, the bad, and the ugly. The good of course was the cheesecake, I had some kind of caramel pecan cheesecake that was 5 stars for sure. The food was bad, my salad was wilted and extra chewy, my shrimp was medium well and I believe that shrimp and seafood should be thoroughly cooked. The ugly was our waiter, I forgot his name but he was awful each course came to the table at least 20 minutes apart, I even had to look for him to get silverware to eat our salads with because there was none on the table when we sat down and he did not bringing any out with our food. We requested them and after 20 minutes of waiting I had to go and find him, geez.The food and atmosphere was decent but they screwed my check up and charged my card multiple times. After probably 15 minutes of trying to get it fixed, I'm pretty sure that I'm still screwed, but didn't want to devote anymore time to the ordeal.This restaurant is really nice! Top floor is the only place for seating. The menu is huge, I always like to look online ahead of time. I got a peach Bellini to start with. It a very tasty but didn't taste alcoholic at all. Food was standard for Cheesecake Factory. The service was incredibly slow for a Monday night however. Waited an hour just to get our entrees. Can't imagine what it's like on a busy night. Food was good and so was the cheesecake so besides the service, 4 stars it is!Wonderful, plentiful salads. Order 'lunch' size for dinner. Still too much. Sure, it's a chain. Sure, it's formulaic. And so what. Good value for money. And this location, atop Walnut Street, is bold and beautiful. And tacky, of course. Service was great, though a bit overdone, this being the resto's 'soft' opening week and all. Expect crowds after the official opening. Mall people will descend. As for Applebee's next door? Are they packing their bags already? -- Hotspur for The PJ.Great lunch out! I had the fried zucchini appetizer and the carbonara with added chicken. They do lunches until 5pm and happy hour from 4pm. Sat at the bar, service was great, very friendly.My friend, Naomi (also known as BB or Birthday Bitch), invited a group of around 10 friends to the Cheesecake Factory for a celebration of her being born.  I had been to the King of Prussia CF but never to the downtown location.  The CF is always a bit of an odyssey into another world, where people have expendable cash and suburban hairstyles and where decadence is supremely exalted, in both garish displays of décor and overall gluttony.  In this way, the Cheesecake Factory is a quite viscerally American experience.
While waiting at the bar I chatted with my buddy, Hawkeye, and spent $10 on a bottled Angry Orchard.  Cocktails were in the double digit range, and seeing how I was a poor social worker masquerading as a person who can afford to eat at fancy restaurants, I opted to not get any more alcoholic drinks throughout my stay.
Eventually we were moved to a large table that could accommodate our group.  Our server was polite and attentive and tolerant of our low class requests, such as bringing me hot sauce to pair with the free bread they serve.  Speaking of the free bread, it was delicious and regrettably I ate quite a lot of it despite having given up gluten recently.
Communing with the other indigent social workers, Hawkeye and I decided to split some nachos with our friend Brenda.  The calorie content was well over your overall daily allowance so it seemed that splitting it three ways would be wise.  Getting swept up in the gluttony of this establishment, I impulsively decided to also order their "Nashville Hot" chicken nuggets which were only $5.  They claimed to be quite hot, which I considered dubious but figured it was worth a try.
When the nachos arrived, they were as enormous as we had hoped and had generous portions of good toppings including spicy chicken, cheese, sour cream, guacamole, and salsa.  I wouldn't say that there was anything particularly "special" about these nachos, but they were large, filling, and tasty so I was very happy with this decision.  They were also more than enough for three people and frankly I did not need my impulsive chicken nuggets.  Speaking of the chicken nuggets, I found them very underwhelming.  Only one chicken nugget out of ten was sufficiently saucy and the overall heat level was practically imperceptible.
BB's new man friend, Landon (who worked hard all night to prove to us that he wasn't a Blandon) got the fried mac and cheese balls and generously shared with the table in what I can only imagine was a ploy to win good favor in the group.  These were cheese-filled pillows of heaven and you could only hope to be so lucky as to get to experience them for free at some point in your lifetime.  He also got a very mysterious dish which was a pizza made with chicken-parmesan crust and pasta on top.  I didn't get to taste it but I can only imagine that it was quite indulgent.
At the conclusion of the meal, a handful of the brave ordered cheesecake.  Thanks to the plentiful free bread I was bloated up like a hot air balloon and had no money or appetite left for dessert but I admired those that were able to go "all the way."  I have had CF Cheesecake before and it's incredibly delicious, probably as a result of each slice including over three quarters of your daily calorie content.
In the end, what could be more wholesomely American than group of ten 20-something-year-olds (okay fine, I'm 30...) caucusing in the soft glow of ornate chandeliers of ostentation, eating a week's worth of calories in food they will have to buy on credit to afford, surrounded by suburban families ignoring everything but their iphones.  BB seemed happy to usher in a new year of life in this manner and frankly I enjoyed myself and the food very much.This review is only for Happy Hour. Monday - Friday 4p-6p. 5.50 for all drinks, a BROAD selection of appetizers, and the Happy Hour burger. This is seriously one of the BEST happy hours in Center City. The drinks actually taste like alcohol and almost everything is served in a regular glass (the kind you'd get for a regular soft drink). The bartenders are also very nice and friendly overall. I can't speak to anything other than happy hour and the delicious cheesecakes which I love. I personally think 7.95 for a cheesecake is great.I DESPISE chain restaurants. It's definitely not my first choice but on a pouring rainy day semi tired from work we settled on something quick and easy...so we thought. 
Shrimp Alfredo- shrimp was dry and chewy, Alfredo pasta was season less, it's really hard to mess up a dish that's typically good if you just dump sauce on it but Cheesecake Factory center city found a way to make it bland and not very enjoyable.
Filet mignon and cheese balls-wanted to swap out one of the sides that came w/ the steak for the cheese balls and simply add the extra cost 
(if necessary) since cheese balls are $10 and the sides are $5. They made such a huge deal about it. I even suggested they comp the cheese balls just to accommodate us as paying customers and that was empathically denied. Our waiter Christian was kinda cool but had NO power or willingness. The manager Manny was incompetent and rigid. I even said to him, "Manny you aren't very good at your job are you?" Lol 
They didn't bring a steak knife for my friend to eat the steak with. They ran out of Riesling and the their Mojito was gross, had to send it back and just got Gingerale which was $3.00 and NO refills. 
The entire experience was blah and reminded me why I'm so picky about the places I choose to dine. Never again will I allow anyone to make me feel guilty for being a dining snob. I'll simply remind them of this experience and hopefully they get it...if not...ill be far away at Devon or Parc and I won't hear their judging.I've eaten at cheesecake factory's in 5 states never disappointed except for this one. Ordered crabs cake came out room temperature second time they came out cold waitress apologized  said did I want dessert because she felt bad. Ordered dessert and was charged. The manager was no where to be seenThis Cheesecake Factory is two stories. Unexpected 30 minute wait on a Sunday night for a table for four. Please turn the dimmer up so there's some lighting. I like ambiance but there's a problem when you can barely see the food in front of you. Table and silverware was unkempt. For some reason, there were still cloth napkins from the previous party before us on the ground.
Server was solid. Seemed like they were understaffed this night because he did not appear until we were 10 minutes into looking at the menu. Hostess did not set up smaller plates to share. 
Food portions were huge and everything came out hot and delicious. 6 beers on tap and over 280 menu items.first time visiting Philly for business. Decided to check it out this place with my colleagues. Great atmosphere, nice decorations but quite dimmed light inside. 
Now, we had an awful awful server that night. She was extremely rude, first I thought she was joking cause I thought it cant be this bad. I think she must be mad at management or something. I didn't have one of these servers for long time. My food didn't show up for maybe 20 minutes after everyone elses arrived. I had to wait to get our servers attention to let her know about the situation cause she didn't even come back to check on my colleagues food after she dropped it. She didn't even apologise, she didn't even offer discount. I guess this must be lack of management supervision. cause she was not caring anything all night long. It must be hard not to notice that by floor manager. Anyways, such a terrific experience.I love this place! I came here with a few co workers for lunch and knew that I was leaving with a slice of cheesecake. Absolutely sinful!!I think three stars is an adequate rating for the Cheesecake Factory in Philadelphia. Came with a party of 6 and waited 40 minutes for a table (that's what we get for going on a Saturday night). 
I ordered an extra dirty martini at the bar in hopes they had their signature one with blue cheese stuffed olives, unfortunately they were all out. I settled for regular olives but my drink was very strong and not at all "extra" dirty. 
The waiter did not greet our table for at least 10 minutes after we were seated. The spinach and artichoke dip we ordered as an appetizer was really good! It was creamy and warm. Unfortunately, there was barely enough chips to get through half of the dish. 
Most of my party went with pasta dishes, including myself. I had the lasagna, which was very..flat. It was mostly noodle and very little stuffing inside. It was vegetarian, without meat, which i thought was a plus. Many lasagnas have meat only options, however where the lasagna lacked meat it lacked everything else. It was noodles piled on noodles. I was left not feeling entirely full. Others in my party had the three cheese pasta, a children's pizza, and a turkey club. Given a taste of the pasta I wish I had ordered it! The sauce was tasty and the noodles were a tad al denete (which I enjoy, personally). The turkey club my sister had was said to be dry and the pizza was barely touched by the 5 year old because it was "too cold." 
This would not be my first choice while visiting Philadelphia, but it was okay.Food is like every other Cheesecake Factory and is just enough to fill you up. However food takes forever to come out even on an early weekday lunch service.My husband and I were serviced 12-27-15.
Our sever (Edward M), appeared to be overwhelmed with his tables he was responsible for. He served the table on my right and left, but didn't acknowledge us right away. Five minutes later, he asked us for a drink order. We ordered. My Husband also mentioned, we didn't have saucers for our loaf of  bread. He came back with 2 saucers to accommodate us. Our dinner was very tasty.
Although he forgot my vegetable, I waited and caught him at another table to tell him. He served us hastily. ÇF was good, but waiter was so so.I like the Cheesecake Factory on the simple fact alone is that they have many OPTIONS - the menu is extensive and that will usually meet everyone's needs.  I am typically not a chain restaurant visitor, but when in a group or family outings - I go with the flow of the group!  In this case, if I am going to indulge - at least I can have a nice view and beautiful decor to enjoy my experience.  This location of the Cheesecake Factor has the views and decor in Spades!  
I was with a few folks on this visit and we decided to dine on appetizers and drinks and of course the "cheesecake" to finish the night!  We had the Edamame, Dynamite Shrimp, Everything Pizza & Buffalo Wings.  We also ordered the Calamari - but it was overcooked - so we sent it back without any issue from our great waiter "Chris".  
Chris was awesome - he was attentive and made our experience enjoyable.  I feel this is a great location and if you are in the area - if nothing else - go get some darn cheese - our choice for the meal was "Red Velvet Cheesecake" and the take home choice was "Key Lime Cheesecake" - Yummy!I've been to a few locations and I have to say this one has the best decor by far (I do know they are all similar).
We usually go on a weeknight when it's not busy.  The staff is extremely friendly.  We are seated quickly in a booth.
We had a few small plate appetizers although there were more than enough for two people.
Dynamite Shrimp (crispy tempura shrimp tossed with our spicy dynamite sauce). There were plenty of them and oh so tasty.   
CRISPY CUBAN ROLLS- (Crispy Wrappers Filled with Slow Roasted Pork, Ham, Melted Swiss Cheese, Pickles and Mustard) . So tasty and full of flavor.
Dinner 
I ordered my favorite - CHICKEN MADEIRA -Sautéed Chicken Breast Topped with Fresh Asparagus and Melted Mozzarella Cheese. Covered with Fresh Mushroom Madeira Sauce and Served with Mashed Potatoes.  This meal is so good I forced (meaning restrained) myself to eat half so I can eat it for lunch the next day as well.
Hubby had the Bang Bang Chicken and Shrimp. Didn't look appealing to me....  Plus Hubby only had 4 shirmp :(   He was too nice to say anything but I'm sure if Shimp is in the title there should be more then 4.
Can't go to the Cheesecake factory without eating cheesecake.
I had FRESH STRAWBERRY CHEESECAKE    It was very tasty but I wish I was more adventurous and tried something unique.  
Hubby had the Tuxedo cheesecake which looked devine.
We found $10 parking (after 4) at 16th and Ranstead so we will definitely be back!Went here for my birthday celebration with two friends. Not only did they wish Happy Birthday to the wrong person, the food was less than lackluster and a server shushed us for being too "loud." The food runner looked at me sheepishly as he realized he sang happy birthday to the wrong individual and apologized before making his quick escape. That same server that shushed my table was also complaining about working at The Cheesecake Factory - saying that she was working for longer than she was supposed to. Would not recommend going there. Nothing but disappointment. The branch at the King of Prussia Mall is a much better franchise.Always a great experience, big fan of the setup with large windows and a great view of the city streets. Tonight our server was Nita and she was wonderful. Enjoyed the beet salad and fried cheese wedges along with some excellent cheesecake. Great food, better service and wonderful environment.Pretty basic. I liked our appetizers: Chicken samosas and shrimp rolls (Vietnamese style). You know, Cheesecake Factory has their standard items. My rating is pretty much for the service here. It was just slow. It appeared our waiter was stretched too thin, there were some times he was overattentive, but for a large portion of the meal (we were there for lunch), he was MIA. There were swaths of time where all of our dishes were on the table without being taken away for room, where we wanted more water, where we waited to order the food, waited for the check. It just was inconsistently timed the whole lunch. It's a nice location, but I have yet to be wowed at this Cheesecake Factory's service.One thing dont expert same what we expert from other chesse cake factory 
Moo was our surver he is good , food was assume like always we had stuff mushroom .chickrn blast , tax max egg roll but I will tell u secret why I always love chese cake factory is ? Only standered ,I usually go at king of pusria they always have same dress for everyone and how they talk ,how they present everything ,still love this place but could be little bit more ,I will come back again ,thanks to be have this location in city .First of all, brunch starts at 10.. we arrived at 10 and the doors were still locked. Finally the manager came down to unlock them and also sat us at a table since the hostess was MIA. As we walked through the restaurant to our seats I noticed that every single chair was THITHY. Covered in crumbs and food smears. I cleaned my chair with a napkin before sitting because it was so dirty. Our water had chunks of food or something in it. Dirty tables, dirty walls, dirty seats. Food was awful. Bread chewy like it had been frozen. Salt at the table was stuck together because it had gone bad.I have been to CCF in King of Prussia and now to the new Center City location.  Besides the impressive space and decor, I honestly can't see what people get so excited about.  The cheesecake is just "OK."  I ordered the classic with fresh strawberries.  I really didn't see much difference between it and any frozen brand you can get from the grocery store.Gross. I'm not a germaphobe but they need a new dish washer. My first glass of water was sticky and had food flake off and then I ordered some and it came with big red lipstick marks. The service was terrible and then annoying. We'd ask for a menu or a side of dressing and it'd take 20 min but while my friend were clearly in conversation catching up our server kept budding in awkwardly. The cheesecake was good but that's about it.Service was poor although our waiter was nice. We had to ask for menu and bread. Utensils were not clean. We had to ask them to be replaced. Ahi tuna tataki salad was good and well seasoned with nice complementing dressing.This is my second bad experience at this Cheesecake Factory. The service was absolutely HORRIFIC! I have had some bad severs, but nothing comes close to what I have experienced twice in this place. My wife and I are a long time customers of Cheesecake Factory - in the past we ate there at least 2 times per week. I used to go to the ones in KOP and Cherry Hill. After this last time in the city, I will never EVER return! Servers are absolutely incompetent, lazy, careless, and snobs. Managers are WORTHLESS! Do not go there unless you want to treated like garbage. Take your business to Cherry Hill , KOP or any other restaurant in the city.The service here is great! I only discovered this place was a full out restaurant a couple years ago lol and I was pleasantly surprised at how upscale it was, while also keeping it casual. I love the complementary warm bread and butter, can't go wrong with that. The portions are very large and I believe well worth the hefty prices of some. I would say most of the entrees are shareable for two light eaters. I love the chicken Madeira. The cheesecakes are unsurprisingly delicious as well. Overall, with my numerous visits here, this Cheesecake Factory delivers with quality food and quality service.Been here twice, once for happy and once for lunch. My waitress was efficient and friendly. The food was soooooo good. My mother and I had the buffalo blasts as an appetizer. They are so good, highly recommended. Tastes like they were made from scratch. For the main course I had the chicken and shrimp gumbo while my mother had some type of chicken Alfredo. I ordered a passion fruit mojito, a little too fruity, it made my stomach hurt. Then finally for desert I had the snickers cheesecake. Omg it was so good. Everything was so good. Although it was crowded when we went, we didn't wait that long for food. Their menu is a little price so expect to spend at least $75-100.  Can't wait to go backJust walked out of there after standing in the entrance while the greeter with the long messy blonde hair was on the phone gossiping. My party and I were confused about whether we wait for her to finish or go up the giant broken escalator. So I kindly asked if we go up because we were unattended and she was clearly trying to avoid us. Then she held her hand up and said one minute please in an aggravated tone. So after going in circles for 30 minutes trying to find parking we dont even get acknowledged when we walk in to the place. I said screw it and we walked over to Pietro's Pizza and are now enjoying an amazing personalized pizza! To the woman with the dry ends please learn some people skills.Yuck, Yuck and Yuck!!
This is not the normal cheesecake factory. Usually I really like Cheesecake factory, but not this one. 
The hostess was great. That was all. 
Sat at a high top bar table; the waiter seemed as if we were a bother being there and making him work. 
The fettuccini alfredo was gross, the noodles were soggy, and clumped together. 
When the busser was setting a table across from us, he touched the fork tines, the eating part of the spoon and the knives. Leaned over the clean plates to set the far settings.
Used a dirty napkin to wipe the table. 
Don't waste your time...find a better place.Great service , food galore! Love the skinnylicious menu!!  Get the chicken lettuce wrapI went to lunch at this Cheesecake Factory at 15th and Walnut today with some friends. We had a really comfy cozy booth in the room with the giant glass windows. I absolutely loved being able to have multiple views of the city skyline while eating lunch. The atmosphere was extremely pleasant and the food was tasty! Not a fan of all the calories on the menu................ but I guess they must have to do that!Lived up to its reputation! Outstanding food....and the cheesecake. Thank goodness I don't live that close!Wednesday before thanksgiving 2017 and I have to work in DC so I go to visit my mother and the Cheesecake Factory is a safe bet. Walking in and seating is quick and the waiter asks for drinks. It's cold out so 2 waters 2 coffees. 12-15 minutes later no coffee or water and says he was backed up. 5 seconds later we walk out. I talked to the manager and left. I have worked in the restaurant industry for James beard awarded chefs, French culinary chefs with notable companies such as the kimpton as a sommelier certified from the CMS or as a restaurant manager. I have a lot of latitude when it comes to service or food to a degree but this is the first time the cheesecake has let me down. Dc tysons palm beach gardens etc. cheesecake has always been consistent except tonight. Note I blame none of the other staff, the manager was empathetic, the hostesses were properly dressed and diligent it was just the server and his lapse or lack of care. I plan on returning on my next visit from dc.We came very early in order to beat the crowd and wait. Happy hour had just started and we pretty much had the place to ourselves. We sat in the bar area and ordered fried mac n cheese and the avocado spring rolls. Both were absolutely amazing. We got the spring rolls with honey mustard instead. The service was fast. The only thing was the tomato sauce for the mac n cheese was slightly cold. They must have put that on the plate first while waiting for the mac n cheese to cook.My friends and I got a quick bite here and it was great. We got there around lunchtime so it wasn't much of a crowd, for a Saturday! We were seated pretty quickly and serviced the same. 
  I normally get the appetizers because they're a good portion to eat alone or share. I got the Buffalo Blasts and Avocado  Egg rolls! The egg rolls were great and about 7 came with the order. My friends ordered the salmon with rice and it looked amazing as well. 
  Overall the experience was a good one! It was my first time there and I will be returning. I enjoyed myself here!Best to go before noon and the lunch crowd. Nice view and food is adequate nothing special. Nice lunch portions.Went for lunch. I got the chicken carbonara lunch size, which was delicious. The waitress was very prompt and nice. The hosts were also great. Only complaint is that I got a cheesecake to go. I waited for my uber and went home (about 25-30 minutes). I go to eat my cheesecake and it was still rock solid frozen. :(We came here for lunch today. The lettus wraps were served with wilted brown lettus, after we asked for fresh lettus we were brought a mix of fresh and wilted. The chicken it came with had skin on pieces which wasn't appealing. The chicken was also difficult to cut. The fresh vegetable salad was mostly lettus. We've ordered both dishes at other franchises and had much better experiences. The waiter was nice but we are currently still waiting to overpay for our rather disappointing lunch.
We will not return to this location.Great restaurant, but bad experience at this location: 
Overall, typically: great food, especially drinks and cheesecake, at relatively more expensive prices. Nice atmosphere. 
Bad experience tonight: Went here for half off cheesecakes. Sat at a table by the bar around 8:30pm and ordered our three slices of cheesecake. After about ten minutes, the waiter came to us and told us they were backed up in the bakery so it would be longer. We waited a total of ~40minutes until our cheesecakes arrived, and this was after having our nice waiter check in on them twice. A quick bite for cheesecake turned into an hour and a half meal... Do not recommend coming in for half off cheesecakes, unless you are willing to really wait.Just had the plain cheesecake it was wonderful I can't wait to go back to enjoy some of the other great things they offer . The place is beautiful and the staff is GREAT !!! Can't wait to go backI'm not a huge fan of chains like this, but I've had meals at other locations where the food is good. Overly processed, enormous portions, yes. But that's what the place is about. You know that going in. The food here was not good. Even in that generic, Cheesecake factory way. Overly salty steak tasting like it was just drowned in soy sauce. Some eggroll dish I shared with the friend I went with also was not good. Drinks were not good. Waitress was sweet. Silverware was dirty. Fairly empty considering. I think they've got some kinks to work out if they want to deliver up that chain experience other locations produce.What else can you expect from the Cheesecake Factory? It's pretty mediocre food that costs more than it should and has slow service. However, the building is very nice and the atmosphere is quite pleasant. The Cheesecake Factory served its purpose of a decent meal that left us satisfied overall.was here monday with my neicey poohz,had a blast everything from the service to desert was truly impeccable!!I really hate to give such a low rating to a restaurant I usually always enjoy going to but that's as generous as I can get from my dining experience here.
Before anything, I'm a huge fan of The Cheesecake Factory. I probably dine in my local location once every month or two so i thought i might give this new location a try.
There were four of us seated and were eager to order. The inside of this Cheesecake factory is truly beautiful and has a great ambiance.
Our server then brought out three waters when it was clear that there was one more person in our table. Everyone makes mistakes so we weren't so bothered by this. Time passed and we noticed that we didn't receive our breadsticks yet and our food was almost ready. We asked our server and all he could say was "Oh, you want breadsticks?"...
Our food came out and nothing to say about that, it was still as delicious as the other locations!
However, our server didn't bring out cheese or serving spoons and we, once more had to ask our server for this.
Come for the food but don't expect great service.This place was my go to after work. We even began  to plan a company gathering there this summer, however, I started to have bad experiences about a month ago. I ordered takeout twice. Food is scarce, reheated or freezer burned. My first takeout order was through post mates. The food was freezer burned and looked very old. We made two complaints over the phone and another via corporate Facebook. We were denied a refund or gift card three times. Cheesecake repeatedly stated that we should contact Postmates, which is ridiculous given the delivery service has nothing to do with the quality of food.
This weekend, we decided to give this location another try, thinking it was just a goof. I went down to the location and picked up the food. I had three orders of fish and chips. I opened the first box of fish/fries and tasted them. They seemed to be okay so I took the food home. When I got home, I quickly realized why the takeout section is so dark. The fish were tiny, some as small as your pinky finger and about an inch thick. We each got one scoop of cold slaw, put very sloppily into the bottoms of small containers. We had a small amount of fries which were put into paper bags instead of inside the container with the fish. This looked like it was done purposefully to appear fuller in quantity. My guests complained of the taste and reheated fries. This Cheesecake Factory does not respect or honor its customers so I didn't even call to complain. We wasted 60 dollars and went to the supermarket to buy our own fish. Don't go here. Very disappointed because this location was pretty good until now. See pictures of food in the photo section, if you care to look. The first photo was via Post-mates on 5/5 (old and or freezer burned food). The second picture shows CF's response when I requested a refund for that meal. The third was from this past weekend 5/19. I only touched the tartar sauce slightly. The fish and cold slaw were received as it appears in the photo. It's so sloppy and scarce it looks like leftovers.My boyfriend wanted to come and randomly get dessert and of course I was all for it! We came to get his favorite apple crispers and I ordered the cookies dough cheesecake ! The dessert and presentation was great! If the service was as great as the food I would've given 5 stars hands down. Unfortunately we did not get any silver wear or plates for the bread... Also I didn't get a refill on my drink until we were ready to leave and pay. I know all the servers are not this way because the table beside us was lucky enough to get a server that actually seemed to like their job. If the waitress was more enthusiastic and on top of it this would've been a great experience... Maybe next time we will get the cool guy with the mohawk that served the table next to us!I am a sweet-tooth, so I like desserts. And cheesecake factory offers a great deal of it. My first time was a definite "Yehey!". I like the setting and I remember I enjoyed my food, serving was huge, i like their complimentary wheat bread, plus I have Godiva cheesecake too. I would recommend this place for first time visitors in Philadelphia or in the US. Try it!
However, I feel i got used to it and later on I feel that there's really nothing 'wow' on the menu if ever you will have lunch or dinner there, save for the cakes of course.This isn't my first time attending the Cheesecake Factory however this experience was one of the best. I've had some not so happy experiences here before. Our waitress was quick and attentive. Very polite. I didn't get a drink but she made sure my water was refilled. Our wings were great and hot as if they just were made which was awesome and the Louisiana Pasta that you see in the photos was delicious! Hopefully I can continue to have experiences like this when I return.Great service with great food. The amount of food is more than what I expected and the taste was amazing. The Cheesecake Factory is not only for the desert place but for fantastic pastas with salad. In addition, the atmosphere is perfect for a date or hangout or day out with friends in anytime!This location opened on Tuesday... As in they haven't even been opened for a week and you can tell!!! The wait staff is in a frenzy, everything is slow as hell to come out of the kitchen and bar. But in all fairness, I'm used to dining at the Cheesecake Factory in Waikiki (which is the second busiest location behind Vegas) and they have everything down to a science. 
The reason why I didn't rate Cheesecake Factory Philly 4 stars is because there is a learning curve that's happening right now and the presentation of the food was completely impressive. Like I said, I go to Cheesecake Factory often and I'm very familiar with the presentation, but now I know what it's supposed to look like! 
This is the absolute best place to go in a group! There is something for everyone!!!A good American style restaurant. But the cake is too sweet for Chinese. 不错的中档西餐，一个主菜大概15到20刀，记得要面包，服务员不主动给，cheesecake挺好吃，就是太多太甜热量太高。Large portions, that's the good part. I wanted so much to love their cheesecake, but it was frozen several times, dense, and the grahmcracker crust was gooey. One of the worst cheesecakes I've had.Went here around 4 and got the lunch specials Herb Crusted Filet of Salmon  and Chicken Piccata. Both were brought out in a timely manner and cooked perfectly. Definitely recommend either dishes, and they were pretty big portions for a lunch special size. The atmosphere was quiet since this was before dinner rush, and our server was always there when we needed him. Got the Chocolate Mousse cheesecake that was to die for.I went there for a birthday dinner with my friend. Surprisingly six or eight people had birthday on the same day so birthday song was with us all night. To be honest, I didn't like the server because of his attitude. It seemed that he didn't really want to serve us. We ordered cocktail, which was good. Crusted chicken and lettuce wrap were also very delicious. The only dish we didn't like was the grilled pork, which was overcooked and tough. Overall I loved this dinner and the environment so I gave this restaurant 4 star.If you're looking for a calorie dump straight to the midsection, go here. I LOVE the food, and the dessert is obviously great.Avoid. This is unfortunately the poorest rendition of the cheesecake factory that I've ever been to. Seeing as how they are the best restaurant in the world normally, I even tried this particular location twice, but each time was just as awful. As an avid cheesecake factory enthusiast, I have to give this location 0 stars, even the pre-made, frozen cheesecake could not be prepared properly by the staff. 
The first time I ate here, my entree came with the wrong type of chicken, which I didnt' care about but it was just mistake number 1 of what, ten? I lost count.
The waiters here disappear. You can even get up and go look for them but unless you know where the secret time warp portal is located you'll have zero luck entering their dimension to ask for something.
I disliked that I had to ask for a refill, ask for a napkin, ask for a straw, ask for a box, ask for an actual box, ask for a normal sized box rather than the 10'' by 10'' box for my leftover cheesecake, and then also have to ask for a bag. 
I didn't like how the cheesecake was served warm and melting, without whipped creme, and without any acknowledgement. 
I didn't like waiting for over 45 minutes for my food.
Will not be back, the KoP will have to do.We recently received a sub-par key lime cheesecake and that's an understatement.  It was borderline rancid and it didn't help that it took forever to dethaw.  This was a supreme disappointment to our colleagues at the office who all agreed that it could very well be the absolute worst cheesecake ever made.  This was a 30 dollar waste on a 9 inch pie and will probably never order from here again although at least the customer service was satisfactory.Awesome first time experience with The Cheesecake Factory! We were amazed at the selection of entrees and it took us a while to decide as it all sounded great. We opted for the Eggroll Sampler which was delicious all the way around the plate! Our entrees were very good and to finish it all off the cheesecake was phenomenal. Our server was also an absolute pleasure. We'll definitely be back!This review is for service only, the food is excellent and up to par with other Cheesecake Factory chain restaurants. I came here on a Sunday afternoon around 1pm so it was relatively slow, we were seated in a corner next to another family even though there were 15 empty tables in the same row where we could have been more spaced out. Normally I wouldn't mind this but the table next to us had screaming little kids, which is understandable but atleast don't sit a couple directly next to them when there are open tables elsewhere. About 15 minutes went by before we were even greeted about a drink, except we weren't greeted and asked if we wanted a drink we were simply brought waters and quickly asked if we were reading to order so without thinking we spouted out or order and remained drinkless, except the waters we were brought. The appetizer came out in decent time and the food quickly followed but we maybe saw our waitress once at this point and I asked to order a sparkling water and she said sure I'll bring it right out. 20 mins later still no drink, I had to ask another waiter to get it for me. Then when we were done eating we both had our napkins on the table clearly done eating for a solid 25 mins and our waitress went Missing and did not come back for the check. By the time she did we passed on desert because we were going on a 1.5 hour lunch at this point. I'm not sure I'll be back to this location pretty disappointing especially when you have a certain standard for Cheesecake Factory.Beautiful place for a lavish dinner. The menu is cheese cake factory, the feeling you get when you come here really accentuates the dining experience.
The menu has been updated with newer items I have never seen before. My favorite go to of all time is Thai lettuce wrap, you can't go wrong with a plate of healthy veggies along with some chicken.
Service is overall friendly and the view when given at certain seating locations is amazing. One of the best places for birthdays or anniversaries.
Highly recommendedThis place is so good! They have nice staff! Amazing small plates! I was really impressed about their small plates because it's not a known tapas place. Who would of known??!! This is not my first visit and definitely won't be my last..Not a happy camper right now. I called in over a half hour ago to make a reservation and was told that a reservation was not needed for our party of 8... That a table would be available. Guess who's still waiting? They're only getting two stars because the food was good during my last visit.Location is great, very clean and attractive restaurant. Training of staff needs work. Our waitress didn't know the salad dressings or soup and offered drink refills when we were ready for the checkI was very disappointed with this particular restaurant because it's one my favorite restaurant chains. The manager (a female) was not attentive to us when 4 out 8 people at our table was served and 2 happened to be children. She heard our compliant and never returned to let us know what was going on or to even apologized or ask us how our food turned out. By the time the food came out, the other 4 people were almost finished and the kids had to eat bread because they were so hungry. I was never treated so poorly at any other cheesecake factory before in my life. When getting the check, the manager did take off the 2 kids entrees. but I had to let our waiter know that my dad and I didn't get our burgers until everyone else was done eating. How long does it take to cook a burger??????? Like really.
One positive thing, was the view. Hell, I'll take good service over view any day.
Valet was pretty pricey @ $22.00 a car. I would rather stick to Cherry hill, KOP, or Willow grove's cheesecake factory. I will NEVER visit this cheesecake factory location again.
My visit took place on 11-31-15No greeting. Waited 20 minutes for service and water. We said we both had gluten allergies and a few minutes later, waitress comes back with our water and a bread basket. We quickly said "no we can't have bread!" Also, servers were standing near our tables, on their phones, cursing and being completely unprofessional. Burger came out without a gluten free bun (as advertised) and they ran out without letting us know. Only bright side is the manager came over at the end and sincerely apologized, paid for our entire meal, and gave us free gluten free cheesecake.I am not the kind of person that is against chain restaurants and will gladly eat at a cheesecake factory even when there are other non-chain restaurants to choose from. So I've been to probably 4 other cheesecake factories in different cities and this one was definitely the worst. The shrimp in my pasta was very overcooked and the dish itself was underseasoned. I ended up taking home about 2/3rds and hooking it up myself for lunch/dinner the next day. The cheesecake was good as always though. But I am not in any hurry to come back to this location.overly phony wait staff, ridiculous menu....
good veggie burgers and a few other items , salads average...good coffee ...
been here to this location several times..Been here twice. Make sure you get here on an empty stomach if you plan on eating a slice of cheesecake on your own. Second time me and a friend decided to share a slice. No problem, they split it in half on two plates. Both times I have experienced really god customer service. The waiters are awesome. Only downside is that some of the seating area are kind of busy and feels like a school cafeteria.. But love their cheesecakes!I just had the worst shrimp scampi I've ever had. This cheesecake factory's food is not up to par with the other restaurants of the chain that I have visited in the past. My whole dish was unsatisfactory with dried pasta that looked at least a couple hours old. My shrimp was unseasoned and left much to be desired. The waitress was ok, but associated too much with other staff on the job instead of being attentive. All in all, the King of Prussia and Cherry Hill locations offer better service and better food quality.This location just recently opened so I think they're still sorting out everything. I got the chicken pasta carbonara and my friend got the santa fe salad. She asked for her salad dressing to be on the side but they mixed it in. The waitress was really nice about it and got her another one but it took awhile. From the time we sat down to the time we left it was a good 2.5-3 hours. 
Location- 5/5 Excellent decor and location is right in the middle of center city on 15th and Walnut
Food- 3/5 Average cheesecake factory food
Service- 3/5 They're super busy and the food took awhile to come out
If you come here just remember to factor in time....We went there for lunch today and left in 45 min without ever getting any food.  Drinks came fast and they were good, but food was all other story. My salmon never came because I was told it was over cooked.  My husband's beef medallions came well done instead of medium rare.  They brought his food down without bringing anything to me.   My husband sent his meat back and when a manager came to apologize we decided to leave. Philly is the city full of great restaurants and we will never be foolish enough to go back to The Cheesecake Factory..Very fancy decor. Food was okay. We got the oreo cheesecake, which was great. I'm not a big fan of cheesecakes, but the oreo was pretty good compared to the others I've had. 
Extravagant, dim-lit restaurants (or cheesecakes) are just not for me though. It'd be a good spot for special occasions or dates, but i think it's rather overrated.This was a typical Cheesecake Factory of which I am a big fan of. My wife and I looked up this one because we were starving and it was the closest and about the last restaurant open around midnight( they closed at 1230). We called ahead to see if it would be an issue with us coming at midnight and the person whom we spoke to said that it was no problem. Once we got seated our server immediately started rushing us to order our food. He also told us that he had been there all day and they were so busy that they didn't have anymore bread( that was ok). Throughout the entire experience we were rushed and the server was trying to get us out of there so quickly he forget a few things that we asked for. As I mentioned in the beginning of this review, I am a fan of TCF( The Cheesecake Factory) but don't go to this one 30 mins before they close even if they say it's ok when you call lol.My experience at this Cheesecake Factory was probably one of the worst experiences I have ever had at a restaurant. I was meeting some friends who were already there when I left my house. An hour later when I arrived they had still not received their food. I decided to just order a drink and avoid the long wait. The waitress, Kendra was curt and neglectful. It took my friends 20 minutes just to get the sauces they had asked for when they originally ordered. It did not end there however, Kendra then LOST my credit card when we paid.  Instead of trying to locate it, she continued with what she was doing. I asked for the manager, Peter who was just as if not more apathetic. "Yeah..uh sorry, can't find it." I told him this was ridiculous and his only response was "well we won't charge you for the drink". Well obviously not because I no longer have a credit card. He comped my friends meals but I have never been so furious at someone's lack of customer service skills. The only other thing he could give me was a post it note with the corporate 1 800 number. Ridiculous.I have always enjoyed Cheesecake Factory for their large serving sizes and delicious food. Tonight I was underwhelmed. My portion of pasta carbonara was very small and the pasta was underdone and chewy. The smoked bacon was burnt and almost in recognizable. The service was extremely slow. Overall I am extremely disappointed.I enjoy cheesesteak factory enough to call it one of my favorites, but this location is becoming a joke. First strike, is dining in with over an hour wait for appetizers, only to get dirty plates and utensils to eat with. Second strike, ordering a Caesar salad to go with no dressing in the container. 3rd strike, I ordered the Pasta with Chicken in Scampi sauce, and the ingredients that are suppose to be in it are missing. I got dry noodles and some chicken chunks, that's it, no veggies at all... 3 strikes, you're out! This restaurant is consumed with incompetence.The Cheesecake Factory had great food when I went there with my father! But the service was not that great. Our server made some snarky comments and was in a rush to have us order. Continuing, the service was very slow. Our food took about 30 minutes to come out! That is too long. Also, the cleanliness was a problem. Our menus were sticky and gross.Not sure this place needs a review. Amazing selection, huge portions, great service. I can't think of any negative thing to say.Found a cockroach in my salad tonight. Alive. Management handled it well but yuck. How does a cockroach get tossed into your salad?!Giving this place a one star due to what I found in my food. My brother order some food to take out for me and as I'm eating what I found was a peace of metal that I was about to cut my month with. What kind of restaurant doesn't clean it pans and check to make sure theirs nothing left on them. If I had choke or had cut my month or throat they would be hearing a lawsuit from meI am not very fond of collecting memories but this one guy at Cheesecake Factory at Walnut Street would probably remain in my memories for some time. Excellent food is one thing but the way Jonathan helped us celebrate our son's birthday lunch was a memory that would last for some good time. I am going back soon just to enjoy the pleasure of being served by this one guy, Jonathan. Thanks Jonathan.The interior of this restaurant/bar is exquisite. However, on my recent dinner visit, I received a menu and then my waitress got lost for over ten minutes. It was not pleasant. I was at a booth facing the bar and to my left were many people waiting to be called. I felt like they were breathing down my neck. I hope to return again and get better service. MY experience at the same restaurant at the King of Prussia Mall has been incredibly good, however.Food n service was ok, great ambiance, l really like the red velvet cheese cake n crab cake but rest of the food r not really as we expect even they not season properly.Horrible service in the bar area couldn't get our order correct. I think the poor service was intentional. Requested my money back due to the horrible service. The cook and the servers need to be taught how to discuss orders but again the poor service was intentionally done. Please take classes on race and deal with your discrimination policies because it really showed last night.Good for crowds.....
It's nice to have a family chain restaurant in the middle of the city.  Nice design as expected.  Huge place with large dining area.
It was crowded on a busy Saturday afternoon.  Didn't seem under staffed but service was at a crawl.  Although our server was really nice.  They placed us in an extended room (probably the private dining space).  
Weird that there was no music and we can hear all the other tables around us.  Asked to turn on some music to drown out some of the awkward silence and that never happened.  Oh well.  I just figured a good manager would know how to set the ambience though the establishment.  Where we were seated was probably an after thought.
Food.....it was ok.  Probably over priced for the entree that we ordered (some pasta, burger and appetizers).
Overall I still love this Chain because I feel comfortable enough to bring my kids here and not worry too much about their fussiness.Great Location it's spacious, and offers a nice view of Center City Philly, depending on where you are seated. The atmosphere is pretty nice as well, and so is the staff. Also the menu is pretty solid, I love their salmon, brown rice, and broccoli, and Cheesecake for desert is very rich and tasty. I normally go for happy hour because I never experience a long wait during those hours.The building is beautiful, but the service is absolutely horrible. I came here with one other person during lunch on a Tuesday around 12:30pm, I did not leave until 2:15, and it really wasn't even that busy and we only order sandwiches. Most restaurants in center city are much more cognizant that the people who come in for lunch on a weekday have to be in and out, but not this place. I would be surprised if they stayed in business much longer if they keep this up.Horrible, horrible, horrible place. The food is amazing, but the service is incredibly poor. I always sit at the bar and I constantly get bad service. They inattentive and they have bad attitudes.Love the cheesecake which is really amazing and the interior of the restaurant looks so fancy. The only thing that I complained about just the service. The food came out way too long which took about 40 minutes. Overall is okay.My boyfriend and I came to the factory out of pure desperation and hunger. We had not eaten since 11am. This restaurant was open late night and came in clutch. The best part about this factory is the long upwards climb on the escalator. It felt like I was being transported to some sort of gender confused restaurant without a central decoration theme. Anyway, my boyfriend and I sat down and began to scope for the cheapest meal. Too bad the menu purposefully confuses and tricks you into making bad choices. This menu had a plot, a climax and an epilogue. Anyway, we got "lime chicken". It satisfied me. The waiter seemed upset that we weren't going to double our check amount by getting cheesecake. The best part of this trip was when we went to catch our uber. A homeless man came up to us and gave us lifelong relationship advice that we will forever take with us and cherish as we go forward in life. You do not need a ring to be a husband.always have had a great meal here and the wait staff has been excellent. it's a beautiful place. one of the better cheesecake factories in the area.I've been to this Cheesecake Factory three times so far and have good good experiences each time.  Good food, nice sized portions, fairly friendly and attentive service.  Best of all, shockingly, both times I came for lunch it wasn't crowded at all.  At many Cheesecake Factory restaurants, it's packed to the gills no matter what day or time you go and often there is a long wait.  Not at this location - at least not the 3 times I went so far.  I guess there are many more options in the city to choose from.  Either that, or Cheesecake Factory appeals more to suburbanites than city folk.  At any rate, I've been happy each time I have gone and the food and service are comparable to my hometown CF in Cherry Hill, NJ.
BTW, my favorite things to order are the fried mac & cheese, the avocado egg rolls, the Bistro Shrimp pasta and for dessert, the strawberry shortcake, which is a biscuit-type shortcake with vanilla ice cream, strawberries and whipped cream.  Note:  it's HUGE and feeds 3 people easily.This would be a 1 but the pizzas and flat bread were good.  4 of us went for lunch and waited an hour for our food. After 40 minutes I went to fron desk and they said sorry we will let manager know right away.  20 minutes later the food showed up. My friends salad no dressing.  The wrong salad for me and then when they brought it bac it had the wrong dressing poured on it and instead of taking it back brought me the right dressing for the side.  I guess they expected me to eat it with vinagerette and ranc.
Ordered the portofino pizza and the server kept calling it portfolio.  It was all so horrible it was funny but to be honest a manager should have come to our tabe.
Never againFood is great  staff are kind also place is big and nice  so  i will visit again soooonThe servers work very hard here and are extremely friendly. I came one day with family and I really wanted to order the Filet Mignon steak they were sold out instead I ordered the pasta dish and it was amazing!Visited this location for the first time during my lunch hour and I was surprised that it was not crowded!  Food was delicious and the service was fast. I purchased a slice of cheesecake to go. Considering the small size of the slice, I think that the cheesecake is overpriced, but it is so darn yummy that I did mind spending almost $9 on the 1590 calorie desert :)So I'm a picky eater. I hate it, and no matter how much I try foods or try to force myself to like whatever, I can't rearrange my tastebuds. I'll usually order something simple, sometimes I'll just munch on bread. The rude comments and judgement, sneers, and just plain hatred I've received from waitstaff at place I've dined has made me almost afraid to go out to eat. 
THIS LOCATION IS WONDERFUL. My boyfriend and I went here for my birthday and our waitress was friendly, brought extra extra bread to our table without even a second thought, didn't judge, didn't make rude comments at my weird eating habits. If I could've flagged down a manager I'd have given her a 10 Star review. Service was fast, everything was delicious, we had a lovely dinner, and I'm a little less self conscious about eating at restaurants. Will be eating here again.Wow this was a perfect place for my 17 year old son and I to have a nice dinner and enjoy ourselves. Tiera was our server - she is absolutely amazing!!! The best!!! She has a great personality and was always checking in on us, we loved her! The food was perfect, tasty, yum!!! We were so happy, thanks for a great meal in Phily!I went tonight with my friend, and as always, it was crowded. It was not my first time here. My first experience at this restaurant wasn't that good, but I decided to give it a second chance. The staff told us to wait 40 minutes so we did. They made us sit at "the end of the bar" which was two seats at a lower counter, so the barman barely saw us. Nobody came to give us a menu so we had to take one by ourselves. Nobody came to take our order for 15mn until we finally ask for someone. They didn't gave us water nor bread automatically, we had to ask for it. Every time. Even for forks, knives and napkins.  We wanted to change our seats because the counter was next to the restroom so many people were walking behind us. They gave us a "beeper" saying that we will have a table in 20mn. 20 mn later, an other woman was working at the front desk and she told me with in a condescending and annoyed way that I can't transfer from a table to another. Also the waiter didn't take our order correctly so we had to wait 35 mn total to finally have our food. I got the meatball pasta, which was really tasteless, my friend had the Miso Salmon, which wasn't bad. At the beginning we wanted some desert but we though that this place didn't deserved our money. This place looks nice and fancy at first but we realized fast enough that it is just a popular and overrated garbage. I never write reviews on places that I don't like but this will be an exception and I hope that the owners of The Cheesecake Factory will do something about their staff and terrible service in the future.I always have a good meal at any Cheesecake Factory but we were on vacation in philly and decided to stop, this was one of the best experiences we've had at a restaurant. I wish I could remember our waitresses name but she was amazing and super nice. If we were ever in the area again we would definitely come back.One star and only for the interior appearance. I got the garlic shrimp pasta with a basil lemon sauce and it was bland and doused in a ridiculous amount of oil. What a wasted $18. About $14 for a Ketel One martini, didn't realize I should expect Franklin Mortgage prices for a simple vodka martini. I was so turned off by my food that I didn't even get cheesecake for dessert (in hindsight, I should have just gone with dessert and skipped dinner there altogether). 
The service was terrible, the hostesses were unfriendly and downright incompetent. Our server wasn't rude but definitely not very friendly and took forever to get us our round of drinks when it was mostly empty in the rest of the restaurant. Some of our table resorted to going up to the bar for their drinks, it was just so ridiculous. The general attitude is come in, spend a ridiculous amount of money for subpar food and it's ok because it's Cheesecake Factory. It shows a serious lack of management and the struggling waitstaff is indicative of poor training. I actually felt bad for our server that she was struggling with simple orders. I mean honestly how hard is it to make sure everyone has water refills? AVOID.First time eating at this particular Cheesecake Factory. I would say it's consistent with my expectations for Cheesecake Factory restaurants in general. The server was very nice and responsive. The food was also good. We had a couple of apps: chicken tacquitos and the buffalo chicken nuggets. Both were good but if I had to pick I'd go with the tacquitos. 
For my main course I had the Thai chicken with mango. As always with CKF the portion was big and I am now busting at the seams. I thought the chicken and the sauce were good. 
Surprisingly enough I did not have any Cheesecake! But I have had it before and they are all delicious.I came during a peak time on a Saturday evening to dine alone while on a business trip. I was seated within about 15 minutes of arriving. After receiving my appetizer, my order was put in but I did not receive my entree until an hour and 10 minutes later. My frustration is when I'm sitting next to other tables who arrived and placed their orders after me but received their dishes before me, there's a failure in service somewhere. My entree was the truffle honey chicken which was okay. The potatoes seemed darker in color as if they sat in the steam table too long and were way too salty to consume.The décor in the restaurant was great but the service and the food were horrible.  I tried this location twice and each time has been worst. I tried to attribute the first visit to the location just opening and the staff was new but the second time was worst.  My husband order an appetizer, the wings and they were dry and overcooked.  We ordered our entrees, Miso Salmon and I ordered a burger.  The Miso salmon was dry and didn't have all the ingredients such as the miso that he was used to, when he tried to explain this to the waitress she had no idea what the dish should look like and never brought over the manager.  My burger which I thought was a safe selection was either left over from the day before and was served on the dinner rolls that they serve when you arrive.  We have always visited the Cheesecake Factory in the King of Prussia mall and never experience this service or horrible food.  If in center city stick to the local restaurants or bars but don't try this place.  I'm just glad we didn't get food poisoning. :-(I love the Cheesecake Factory, I didn't have dinner there because we were in town for a marathon and we wanted to check out one of the local independent restaurants for dinner. We did stop by to grab dessert and take it to our room. I understand sometimes it's hard to assist a customer right away because the restaurant is busy. We waited for about 5 minutes before even being greeted. The staff was completely neglecting us along with 4 others waiting. I mean, I paid $18 for two pieces of cheesecake. At least make an attempt to be pleasant. Let's just say I won't be stopping by this location again.I came here with a group of seven and we chose it to accommodate the large party and for a wide menu.  Both of those aspects were great, otherwise it was a disappointing experience. 
We were seated instantly but then waited at least a half an hour for a sever to walk by.  Once they noticed us we finally got some water.  Three different servers came over and bickered to us about whose fault it was for the long wait.  There was then confusion as to who should take the order.  We asked for seven separate checks which one waitress said was okay and confused another.  Everyone apologized for the confusion but blamed each other and other factors instead of just apologizing.  Our waitress was somewhat curt and not particularly friendly.  
Once we finally ordered, it took an unreasonable amount of time for our food to come (it was not crowded that night!).  The food was decent, about what was to be expected.  However, our waitress never asked if we wanted more drinks or really paid us much attention.  
Once the meal was done, she brought us checks without asking if we wanted dessert!  Some of us wanted cheesecake (It is the Cheesecake Factory after all!) but since the whole process was so painful no one ordered anything.  She messed up three checks which took forever to sort out.  
The food was fine but the service was extremely lacking.  All seven of us are extremely patient and understanding, yet everyone said they wouldn't be going back.I called to make a reservation tonight  was told " we do not take reservations for 2 people" I replied a bit confused and the girl on the phone hung up on me. She didn't try to accommodate  me or ensure that we would be able to get a table if we just walked in. As a manager of a restaurant I would be furious if I heard my employee interact with a potential customer this way. Needless to say I will not be going there tonight. Management: if you're not going to take reservations for 2 at least teach your employees to be a little more welcoming.Omg !!! The best place for a nice dinner in Philadelphia, as always Cheesecake factory!!This visit was a bust which makes me sad as we visited with out of town guests.
We ordered apps which were good (nachos and artichoke and crab dip). 
Hubby had a kale salad
We barely started and our food came out. 
Hubby was only able to finish half his salad which he held above the table since there were too many large plates (there were 5 of us).
I ordered the combination ($22 approx) which had my favorite chicken merdiera with a salmon.  The chicken was so small that it was disappointing.  The salmon was drowned in a green chopped parsley (type) that I could not even tell it was salmon.  See my pic
One plate didn't come out for about 10 min later so we all waited and ate our food cold.  I mean if you're going To bring the food out early bring it out together.
Everyone's else said the food was good 
Waitress was eh. I think I was more disappointed that she didn't say anything when my husband was eating in the air w his bowl 
The others had dessert but I was so turned off by my meal that I didn't bother. 
$200 later and I was disappointed 
Wish I spent a bit more and went to Delfriscos. 
Yes I'll try again but I know to avoid the combo and wait to order my meal    I guess w most chains u get a hit or miss you waitress and you have to know the tips when ordering
I should add the last few times we visited everything is great... this visit was just so disappointing.Went to lunch with a friend.  My friend ordered a burger and I ordered a "Make your Own Omelet" to go.  I ordered: Egg white, pepper, onions, ham, and mushroom with sweet potato fries and wheat toast.  I paid whatever price.  20 minutes later, end result, I received an egg yellow omelet with mushroom and peppers and wheat toast.  I noticed it was wrong but I had to get back to work.
They are batting less than .500 on my order.  Thanks Shannen N.Had a no calorie count kinda day today and I enjoyed it by having the delicious cheesecakes (while chocolate raspberry truffle being my fav of all). 
Starters: Avocado egg rolls was yum specially the dip that comes with it just makes it perfect. I loved it. Nachos was alright. 
Main course: bang bang chicken and shrimp. Was too sweet for me. I am not sure if it always supposed to take like that but I did not enjoy it at all due to the sweetness. 
Dessert: Plain cheesecake and raspberry truffle. 
Great place to go when you are a big group and everyone has a different cuisine in mind as this place serves almost everything right from eggs to desserts!! Low calorie and full of calorie!! 
I took off 2 stars only because the service seemed slow even on a empty afternoon lunch hour. We were a big group (16) no doubt but I think we needed 2 people to take care than just 1. The server was really good no complains but taking care of so many people was too time consuming and there was a long break between the appetizers and main course. 
The quantity of food is huge. Definitely value for money!!The Cheesecake Factory has always had solid food. I've never been disappointed in the quality or taste of my food. But at all of the other locations, the delicious food came with efficient service, knowledgeable servers, and overall great experience. This has not been the case in the Center City location.
I have been there a few times, and always been disappointed and stressed by the length of the wait. Today's instance was particularly obnoxious. I went with a group of 15 for a work lunch. We did expect it to take more than an hour, but we certainly weren't expecting it to take almost two and a half hours.  Food orders weren't taken until we had been waiting for 30 minutes. We weren't all served for another 45. Then onto dessert, which didn't fully come out until about 30 minutes after they had cleared our entrees. 
I would definitely recommend this place unless you have an absurd amount of time to spend here.Our server was friendly. That's the best thing i can say about our experience tonight.  We waited an extremely long time to be served dinner salads and when the salads were finally delivered only 4 of the 5 were correct.  So the 5th one was sent back and our friend was told that waited (she didn't even have an appetite anymore) 
 hers to finally be served, after the rest of us were basically finished ours.  The table next to us arrived after we did, were served their hot dinners and were eating by the time we had called over the manager to complain on the missing salad. The kitchen was unable to create a simple timely salad There were just 5 of us dining tonight. Manager comped the completed5th salad. Nothing else was done by the manager to leave us satisfied with this dining experience.  Don't waste your TIME and $.So I was there last night for some late night dinner and it will be my last. We walked in 10 30 and none came to greed us nor give us water. Apparently none gave a $hit Bc the kitchen closes at 11 and they waited until 10 57 to come tell us that they were closed. Manager couldn't give less of $hit bc he walked up on us after a lil conversation with the waiters, and told us " look people want to go home". If u are looking somewhere to eat and it happens for u to be around there at 10 30, do your self a favor and drive to the nearest diner.It is so lame but this was chain restaurant I really wanted to try haha. I just heard about this place a lot- huge portion, good dessert etc however I've  never seen this place anywhere in city. Now I finally went! 
Stopped by for lunch, got Alfredo fettuccini ( lunch portion) with chicken and classic burger with fries. We thought that would be safe choice since it was our first visit. Pasta was very thick, creamy like other chain restaurant. Chicken breast was moist and tender. My hubby enjoyed his burger and couldn't finish his fries. We were full so had original cheese cake piece to go. 
Our server was very friendly and had full of smile on her face whenever we sees her. 
Food was nothing ordinary but service was nice and I like to have this restaurant in the city.The place is well design in the center city location. But the service from the cook is horrible. I ask for a well cook stuffed burger "burnt". They brought me a rare cook burger. So i let the waitress know. So she said sorry for the mistake. Long story short, the second time around smh. The burger was bloody like hell. I'm glad that i didnt bite into the mess. But all i left out of that place with is sweet potatoes and a free damn red velvet cheese cake.Great for a treat if you go to college in Center City! It's delicious as any other CF and the waitstaff is nice and accommodating.It's always good here. The food is consistently good. A big menu so there is something for everyone. I've been here several times and the staff has always been helpful and had good opinions about the menu items if you've narrowed down your choices to two or three and need help making a final decision.In philly for a conference and are at many a cheesecake factory - always good.  Ordered the edamame appetizer and steak diane shrimp scampi combo.  The scampi was cold.  I don't mean it was only warm.  It was less than room temperature.  Waiter took it to heat it up.  In the microwave...   there's a reason microwaved shrimp isn't on the menu it turns rubbery.  And the medium steak becomes well once nuked...  but not to fear, as the waiter went to heat up the plate, the edamame arrived.  Yup 5 minutes after the main was served.  Yup that be backwards.  So I though I'd salvage the mean with a nice ice cream Sunday.  Ordered it and a few minutes later comes back and says they are out.  He nicely rattled off all the deserts they were out of (at 6:15 PM- not 11:00 mind you when you would expect that).  So that's 0 stars for the food.  Waiter was a nice guy though.The Good: The space is wonderfully decorated and the service and food were fine.
                  Most of the portions are large and easily splittable.
NOTE: Allow time to wade thru the 16 page plus menu
 (Oh, and there's a second menu for additional reading..........) Can we say overkill??????
The Bad: Be forewarned - this was one of the NOISIEST restaurants we've ever been in.
The music was LOUD, the noise level in this place was VERY LOUD. We had trouble understanding each other from across the table. We did ask the manager to turn the music down and he graciously did turn it down a little. However there are all hard surfaces in this place so it was still an issue that we tried to ignore during our dinner.
Finally our guest said she felt like she was shouting to be heard and was uncomfortable. We agreed and decided not order cheesecake (yes, we didn't order cheesecake at The Cheesecake Factory...) We just wanted to get out of the NOISE.
We MAY try this for lunch, because we all liked the decor and menu choices are enormous. BUT, If the noise level is the same, we won't stay.worst service. went there with a coworker for lunch today. ordered a cup of green tea they brought out a mint tea bag. ordered full size specialty pizza & crab bites appetizer. after waiting 45 minutes they brought us a personal size pizza for one. Had no time to wait for the order to be corrected. i had stop at Wendy's for a burger & head back to work. $14 for 2 cups of tea & an appetizer that wasnt anything to rave about.Pretty good food, definitely get a lot of it. It seems to always be busy here, but food never tales too long coming out. They have tons of variety with every meal of the day. Good for families, dates or girls night out.The Cheesecake Factory is a decent place because you can get pretty much anything you want. From orange chicken to salmon. I would say that there salmon is amazing and is great quality. My only downside of this place is the health factor, but they do have a skinny menu. As Drake says, it is a good place for families.Food is not as good as the one in New Jersey. Pork chop so hard to chew. And the angel hair is too soggy.This place is a nightmare. It took us 43 minutes to order our entrees. An hour later - still no food. R u trying to kill me? Once the food comes out our waitress is nowhere to be seen meanwhile I'm choking down spicy hot pasta with 0 liquids. The entire process took about 2 hours and 40 minutes. I'm very upset.My husband and I are big fans of the Cheesecake Factory in general! We have been to several locations throughout the US. This is was very disappointing! We went pretty late on a Friday, about 8:45pm. There wasn't a wait, which was nice! Our waiter took forever to take our drink order, which was just water. Then took almost 10 minutes to bring out the bread. I ordered the chicken Marsala and subbed Mac and cheese (additional charge) for the asparagus and my husband ordered the enchiladas. The food took a very long time to get to the table-nearly 30 minutes, and our waiter never came back during that time to check our water or get us more bread. By the time our food arrived, we had no water. They brought out my entree, but forgot the Mac and cheese. They said it would be right out. 10 minutes pass and our waiter finally shows up and I tell him my Mac and cheese never came. He leaves and more than 5 minutes later, he cane back with my Mac and cheese. My husband and I had finished our meals by then. I was pretty disappointed! So we ask for the check. I thought for sure, they would take the charge for the Mac and cheese off the bill. Nope. They charged me for it. I wasn't expecting a free meal, but I did fully expect them to take off the Mac and cheese. I was not impressed with the service we received at this Cheesecake Factory. This was the first time I have ever been to a Cheesecake Factory and left without ordering cheesecake. Our main entrees were good, but the service really left a bad taste in my mouth. I do not recommend eating here.Went there for lunch with my husband & my newborn. I loved the food, ambience is pretty nice...we sat on the patio. Would definitely go back again!Leanna was SUCH a great server I've been to the Cheesecake Factory many times before but my experience this time was phenomenal!! Food was great as usual. I would suggest the stuffed mushroomsI should have looked at the reviews before ordering, maybe then I wouldn't have been surprised. I ordered the chicken Madeira to take to work, and by the time I was able to sit and eat my dinner I found the chicken completely raw. When I called to inform, they didn't offer a replacement or anything just said "sorry about that you need to call the app through which you ordered for the refund" and hung up.I tried calling for a to-go order and was placed on hold 8 different calling times and no one ever picks up. Finally told someone who answered I kept being put on hold to no answer, and her response was just "please hold." TERRIBLE customer service.It was a bit crowded and the service at this location was slow and not very outgoing. Our server was unfriendly, slow, and took forever just to get our order right and delivered. The food was ok but I like that they had so many choices to choose from. And the cheesecakes are amazing! The best!Always a pleasure to come and eat there. The service is great, the food is amazing. I always love to come there and eat.I go to all of the locations in the Pa area even Cherry hill. Came in for lunch 11:30 am Sept 21,2015 Always go at lunch if you want the best service and price on lunch specials . They burned my miso salmon it had a burned look and taste. But guess what I love burned food. So I did not care,but this would piss off anyone else. I only buy miso salmon for over five years .Im a miso salmon whore.My first time experience at Cheesecake Factory will always be unforgettable. I had a long stressful day at work so I went to the location on 15th and walnut to sit at the bar for a quick meal. The fried calamari was exceptionally good . I also ordered the bbq ranch chicken salad which was also delicious. What stood out to me the most was the bartender Savannah. She was not only polite yet hospitable .. she never let any need of mine go unnoticed. I'll be back to see her specifically, but in hopes that the full staff is on the same page as her. Thank you savannah for making your guests feel as family. You have made my experience unforgettable and I'll be looking for you every time I step foot in.Just paid $17 for a nothing entree! This is ridiculous! Got the shrimp pasta and there is maybe 1/8 a cup of pasta. This is ridiculous. I called to complain and the lady just put me on hold. 
Update - management contacted me back, so hopefully they do something about this.As someone who is part of the industry and has been to Cheesecake multiple times, my friends and I were especially disappointed. The food was fine, you always know what to expect. 
The service: To our server James, I guess he was having an especially bad day (we know bc he complained to us and our surrounding tables multiple times how he's been here all day). His banter with other tables as well as ours was EXTREMELY uncomfortable and inappropriate!!! Things were said that should NEVER be said as a server or by anyone in the service industry. 
We waited an absurd amount for literally every part of our meal. We didn't get water or greeted for a good 10 minutes, in an empty restaurant. After we paid the check (which when we corrected him he told us to just give him $** amount bc I guess he didn't feel like changing it in the computer) and tipped him we waited around for our to go cheesecakes patiently even after everything, he finally came up to our table and said "you can stay as long as you like I'm just gonna get this out of your way" and took my friends tipped check and the menus, but ignored the empty dishes in front of us. Then we told him we're sitting here waiting for our cheesecakes, which he so obviously forgot. Even after very clearly letting him know how to separate them for the 3 of us he brought it over in one bag... I am extremely forgiving of service where ever I go, and never leave this long of a review, unless it is this bad and a place where I expect a higher standard.This Cheesecake Factory is not my favorite one. The food was so so. The service was slow. I guess it is in center city. But will like to go other ones.This place is awesome! If you just want a casual but sort of classy night out or lunch eat here! I went here for happy hour last week which was my first time! I love their happy hour i never even knew it existed until my friend told me! The cocktails are 5$ and beers are 4$ and their starters and small plates are 5$ and original sized. It was totally worth it! My friend and I had 3 drinks each and 2 small plates, paid 20$ for a great time! Their drinks are strong and the waiter was amazing. I hate how this place doesnt have proper reservation timings and its more of a wait. It gets a bit chaotic but totally worth it!Okay, so we went to Philly for the weekend with the intention of a cultural immersion but were starving when we got there mid-morning and thought we'd just go to the nearby Cheesecake Factory for a quick, small (lol yeah right) bite for fuel for our exploration. We were greeted warmly and staff were clean and well presented (everything was clean) and we were seated by the window in a booth without having to ask. 
We ordered the avocado toast to share and not only was it massively generous (like at least 2 avos on that thing), but was fresh and beautifully prepared. We couldn't have found a more generous helping for close to this price and it really was delicious. My cold vanilla latte was super sweet and divine too. We contemplated going back there for dinner...and we probably should have :(Used to be my favorite restaurant but the service went downhill over the last year. I usually order buffalo blasts but it's almost feels as if they're not enjoyable no longer.  Now i leave with a upset stomach. I don't think the cooking deep fry oil has been changed in months.This was probably the worst Cheesecake Factory I have ever been to. The service was terrible, they brought us the wrong dish and then argued with us when we tried to explain why it's the wrong dish and whah ingredients were missing. The salad had chunks of bad romaine in it which was disappointing. That being said, the food was still good but definitely not up to Cheesecake Factory standards. It's a shame because the location is ideal and the decor and layout are very pretty.It's a shame, I love the food here. But this past weekend makes my 3rd trip to this location and the service is just fecal. Waited for an insane amount of time for a drink AT THE BAR while we waited for our table.
Our eventual server this time was actually terrific, I wish I remembered his name. But the rest of the experience was at best mediocre. And the food just took for fargling ever to come out. And it's never even busy enough to justify the slow service. 
Also it's always super warm in there, maybe turn your AC on? It's Rittenhouse Square for Pete's sake, pick your game up a little.I love the cheese cake factory. But the one in Philly is the worst cheese cake out of all of them. I drive to Cherry Hill, NJ to go and enjoy my self! They one in Philly does not operate like any of the other cheese cake factory. They staff is rude, you can not get service and the management does not care. Will never go back to this one. Will continue to visit all other cheese cake locations. I would advise the cheese cake factory to take a real look at the one in philly and re higher all new staff and management to brig it up to the cheese cake factory standards.I went here tonight with friends based on one of their recommendations and my inkling to want to try it out. We ate a table near the bar and had very friendly waitstaff who were quite accommodating but a little bit slow, the restaurant/bar area wasn't very crowded.  We each had a beverage and a skinny-liscious appetizer.  It took awhile for the food to arrive, I had a trio of lettuce wrapped tacos which were messy but very good. One friend enjoyed his flatbread pizza which sounded and looked delish, my other friend enjoyed her app but part of it wasn't great, I tried it and wasn't impressed.  All in all it was a fun evening, the music and ambiance was nice. $49 for 3 apps, 1 drink, 1 soft drink seems a little steep to me.  We were all hoping for a light, skinny- licious desserts which they don't offer. I will probably still come again but I was hoping for more.WORST BRUNCH EVER! If only zero stars were an option. My wife and I decided to give CCF a try for brunch today. As we came in the door there was no one greeting at the bottom of the escalator. So we ventured up to the restaurant and we were seated right away on the patio. The server was just straight preoccupied. As it took so long that we gave our drink order and food order at the same time. When he returned with our drinks my wife's tea cup was filthy. When the server returned he immediately said "oh I forgot to tell you, we're out of French toast."  The restaurant serves so much bread how are they out of toast. Maybe they are out of eggs? We ordered the lemon ricotta pancakes as a replacement.  
While waiting for our food we noticed our server serving bread to other tables. So we asked can we have some bread.  "Oh ya I forgot".  Our food came out before he returned with the bread. My dish was supposed to come with toasted bread. "Oh sorry they burned it I will bring some out."
My crab Benedict was fine one of the eggs was over cooked. My wife's pancakes that we're supposed to be lemon ricotta were just plain pancakes.  When I complained to the server. He said the lemon ricotta was inside.   Well folks I cut a bite out of the center of each pancake and the lemon ricotta was lie, none found. I complained again. "I'll let my manager know".  When he returned he told me his manager took our drinks off the bill.  I know this trick, he didn't talk to anyone he just hadn't added our drinks to the bill yet. Fine, I'm not looking for a free meal. I just want it to be done and served correctly. So we asked for some syrup for our plain pancakes. We were told they don't have any except for the melted butter they served with the pancakes....  Thus my wife's pancakes were now non edible.  
Our server then told us that the Cheesecake Factory doesn't do brunch well at all and that we should have come for lunch or dinner instead. Way to talk about your own restaurant! Why even offering a brunch menu if you aren't going to offer it correctly?
Safe to say this will be my first and last visit to the tourist factory there are way to many good restaurants in Philly to waste your time in a non-customer oriented atmosphere.
I HATE writing bad reviews! But, I will when a service provider shows me they don't care!terrible food....ordered a med burger came well done and one hour later from eating it got sick...my son and wife hated there food as well .
...I've been to another location before but this was my daughter's first visit to any location. I was in the area for educational training and she wanted the experience as I've raved about the food (all of the food to include dessert) so she wanted to try. It was still light outside so it wasn't late but it was definitely dinner hours. It wasn't overly packed but a good amount of people coming and going. The flatbread we wanted - we were told there was no more so we had to find an alternative. She is a huge fan of margarita pizza. We did make another selection. The options we went with were good. However when it came to dessert we wanted strawberry cheesecake. We opted to get it to go as we were full from dinner but the take out cashier advised there was no more available. I would have thought to have an item that is so popular or in high demand there would be maybe a back up supply available. I don't work in the industry so I am not sure how that works but I felt the need to share the disappointment we experienced as there wasn't any other cheesecake option we really wanted but the strawberry. Original is good, don't get me wrong, but for her first time at the restaurant that everyone around her talks so highly about her experience was not as good as I was hoping it would be. I've never been to a location where they were out of almost everything I asked for. Overall the staff was pleasant, just a bit disappointing she didn't have a good first experience.Came here with 4 other people and we were seated within a few minutes.
We were given a menu and then asked about drinks, I got the Peach Smoothie and my friends got water with lemon(the waiter was really chill about it; some waiters might get irritated with extra work of lemon). 
We started with appetizers which was nachos, cheese covered with something(sorry forgot) and BBQ chicken. 
The nachos was BIG that 4 of us could not even finish. ONLY get the nachos if you're super hungry and have a big group of people. The cheese cover was very rich and cheesy. The BBQ chicken was cooked just right and my friend finished that all!
The meals came and I got the lunch special of sausage and shrimp pasta. The sausage and shrimp was AMAZING and pasta sauce tasted so fresh!!
The peach drink tasted organic and very fresh but I still prefer their Mango Iced Tea but I'm trying to taste all their drinks.
My friend got a burger and he asked for cheese on it, in which was not given to us at first but the waiter remembered as she brought it over and went back into the kitchen which shows she has great instinct and memorization, I guess... but the waiter was really good with coming to us regularly and not too much, refilling our bread, and even enjoying some laughs with us.