Good food, priced fair, service wasn't so great. My silverware was dirty. My breakfast was half cold, although I would probably not come back the food was okay nothing to brag about.We stumbled on this place for Sunday brunch. Staff are of the young, beautiful, and painfully hip variety and made this 27-year-old feel way too ancient and out of it. We were served a complimentary palate cleanser of strawberry agua fresca to start, then I followed up with coffee and a turkey sausage, spinach, and cheddar egg white omelette. The omelette was a good size but not gargantuan like some calorie-bomb omelettes I've known. It was a little sparse on fillings; I would especially have appreciated more spinach as there really wasn't enough to taste. It came with decent homefries and tasty multigrain toast; if I'd been thinking I would have subbed the fries for fruit as I heard another table do. Service was sharp, and when I went to the restroom I realized why there wasn't a ridic wait a la brunch in Houston/Austin: the place is a total rabbit warren, with two additional seating areas.
Decor was faux-vintage diner; I was a fan of the martini-garnish hanging lights (olives on toothpicks). A fun place for a random brunch, but I'm not sure I'd seek it out if I was back in the city.Never would Continental see me walk into one of their restaurants and spend my money there after my experience this past Saturday.
Myself and two friends arrived around 4pm Saturday afternoon.  It was obvious that it was not busy at all as we were promptly seated and it seemed like everyone in there were either eating, had drinks or were wrapping up to go.  As soon as we were seated one of my friends went to the bathroom while the remaining two of us were mulling over the menu.  
The staff was busy buzzing around but no one came over to us. My friend returned from the bathroom about ten minutes later and we still had yet to be approached, not even to be offered a glass of water. So we waited some more and started to get annoyed. The couple in the boot next to us had just left and their table was being cleared and cleaned so one of my friends turned around and asked for our waitress/waiter. He said no problem as he walked away for what we assumed to get our waitress. 
Another five minutes passed and no one came so we just decided to get up an leave because approximately 20 minutes passed and we got no service. As we were walking out very annoyed and disappointed, a couple was being seated next to the boot that we just left. As we walked by the window outside of the restaurant of course there was a waiter already at their table taking their order.
Just one thing I have to point out is that we were the only group of black people in the restaurant at the time so it is hard not to feel that this experience had nothing to do with the color of our skin.The Continental is cute and fun and great for going with a bunch of friends and ordering everything. The majority of the cocktails are overpriced but are so cute with their Tang rims or their gummi fruit garnishes, but there are some classics on the menu that pack a real punch  - personally I like the Rock and Rye. Some of my favorite foods here are the edamame, the bbq chicken quesadilla, and the salads, but I honestly have fantasies about the cheesesteak eggroll. It is so perfect. I usually have a good experience when I go here, minus some quirky service.Wow!  One word comes to mind when I think of this restaurant..."totally incompetent".  I really enjoyed the food and the decor is stellar, but c'mon people, how many times can you Eff up the order?  Every person I've talked to that has gone here for dinner or lunch has complained about the idiot teens that swear "this is what you ordered"  and "I dunno I just finished training".  I recommend skip the dining scene and just go to the 3rd floor outdoor bar which is preally fun.  Expensive drinks but they're original and one of the only redeeming qualities of this place.This place should actually be 4.3
I LOVE THIS PLACE!  it is in a very good location.  beautiful city scenery and lots of neat space (you'll know what I'm talking about when you get seated in the back of this restaurant.  Food is great!  I get everything and anything here.  I highly recommend their philly cheesesteak rolls/burritos?  They are amazing!  
And service?  Excellent.  Servers are wonderful and place is happening!This place made some tasty drinks and their string fries were really good.  It kind of has this retro-cosmo-lounge thing going on that almost works but seems like something is missing.  The crowd is OK, but nothing special.  It is kind of a busy area, so I don't feel like there is a large group of regulars or anything.  Service was decent.
*Pretty good drinks
*Cheeky Cosmo LoungeEverything here looks good, but when it comes to food we all know that looks come second. What's good about this joint is the retro diner setting paired with the trendy new age vibe in the second room. On a scale of 1-10, the Continental gets a 9 in aesthetics.
The service was pretty good when I went with my group of 8. We sat in the trendy second room. It was not busy, so in all fairness I don't know exactly how well the Continental does in terms of service.
The food was pretty good. I would not label the food as great, but it definitely was not bad. I only award the Continental 3 stars because, while a pretty good restaurant that entertains the eye and satisfies the stomach, it falls in comparison to restaurants that earn 4 or 5 stars.Loved this place! It's adorable, inside and out. Started out with a Gimlet, it was divine. Had the Korean Pork Tacos and they were superb. 
Our table shared the shoestring fries which I thought were way too skinny to eat. It was a gigantic portion, enough for 4+ people. Liked that they came with hot mustard.Continental is a nice place to bring your friends and enjoy the atmosphere. The swing chairs were fun. When it comes to food, I only stick to the calamari salad. There were times I wished they were more generous with the dressing though.This place is tapas meets Cheesecake Factory meets funk. Cool vibe and great small plates. It's probably not for everyone but everyone should probably try once.
What did I order: There were 5 of us. We decided to each order 2 things. That was probably a bit much. For 5, 7-8 plates would work.
The good: the vibe; the ambiance with rocking seats and hanging basket like seats. There is an upper level and lower level. It's pretty large sized. The creative concoctions for food bites. French onion soup balls, BBQ chicken quesadillas to name a couple. Then there were standards like roasted Brussels  sprouts, lobster mac and cheese, zucchini pancakes. All very good.
The bad: I'm sure the caloric count is insane for these sinfully delicious treats!
Overall: I would recommend and would go back. Just might not make it too regular to keep my cholesterol in check :)I'm a big fan of the Continental Midtown for late night debauchery and eats so I decided to take the posse to the Olde City location for some brunch after being snuffed at the Plough and Stars a few doors down (reservations shmerervations!).
We were seated at a spacious booth. Guava mojitos were yum and so was the Morning Glory (which is no longer on the menu---boooo!). Service was prompt and courteous. Food came out quickly. My Big Bang breakfast was a caloric fest of goodness. Pancakes were fluffy. Eggs were scrambled right and not runny. Turkey sausage was fantastic-al. I tasted the salmon hash and it was scrumptious. I can't comment on the applewood bacon as I don't eat the swine but it was lifted off my plate with the quickness and devoured so I am sure it was tasty. Everyone liked their dishes--ranging from the brioche french toast and caramel bananas (heavy but yummy!) to simple lox on a bagel. 
I would definitely come back for a laid-back brunch. It wasn't anything to write home to Ma and Pa about but it was a solid meal that made my belly happy and full which is no easy feat.Yet again impressed with the city of bro love   great great service and tasty fun food. All around good experience. I would recommend trying the original.OMG, simply amazing.  I loved every morsel I put in my mouth: shoestring fries (the hot Chinese mustard is what made it), calamari/beer buttered shrimp, crab pad thai, champaign, and the dessert.
DONEandDONE.  I'm coming back.  I loved the whole "is this a diner or is this a lounge" look.  The waitstaff was so nice too.
Seriously, nothing to complain about except that I wished I could eat more.
Cheers!I've only been to the mid town location. As a bar I think it's overrated though they do have some unique and interesting cocktails. The food is great with interesting takes on home cooking like lobster mac & cheese. They do a great job of melding flavors and giving delicious but eccentric food choices. The decor is funky but it works. The desserts don't do it for me but I give them credit for originality.Oh dear. The staff had to kick us out when the place closed at 1:30am. (But then again, who closes at 1:30am on a Friday night?) 
Great for drinks with colleagues. The ambiance is really what wins in this place. The upstairs is a place to chill - great bar, and very cool decor: frog-shaped chairs and low tables, as well as the hanging swing chairs that freed up a little later. 
The drinks were alright. They failed my first test: having the ingredients for a mojito. However my colleagues were happy with the cocktails and the maker's mark on the rocks. I tried a pear cocktail and a champagne cocktail (both a little clumsily put together) and eventually settled rather happily for a beer. Decent selection overall, but I wouldn't go back with friends.My first thoughts - this place looks like a cheesy diner. Exactelyyyyy says the guy who works there. Apparently it used to be.
I have not eaten here, went for drinks on a Friday night with friends around 10.
I don't think this place is bad, it's just not anything worth going out of your way for when there are plenty of other places nearby (and in fact right across the street)Great spot been there about four times and the ambience of the restaurant is great servers are always excellent food is very good drinks are awesome and it's a great location to be right in the middle of everywhere before you go out whether it's dancing , or just enjoying a night out with the girls !! I always enjoy stopping by the the continental . Weather it's just for appetizers and drinks or dinner usually I've never had a bad experience , always has a great crowdNew Years... our friends party gets canceled due a sick family member.  We already have a sitter lined up. Where shall we go??? Philly of course.  90  minute drive
Pack our bags and a we are in Philly by 5:15...but I soon realize that I left my party clothes hanging on the door knob at home. I have on black leggings and black yoga hoodie. 
Well luckily my babe is good adjusting plans. We hit the movies theater and then were off to find something to eat. He was tryng to remember the name of the Continental . Well I was gogling the Penn's Landing area to places to eat. And found this place, I called to see how long the wait was and it was a miracle 9:30 on New Years eve it was only a 20 minutes wait. 
Luck on our side we found parking 2 blocks away. 
Go in was seated and happily seated. I'll admit.. it tight the are booths along the window... single seats at the bar and table in the middle of it all. very tight with coats, purses, hip and booties. But I guess you make it work. 
We were greeted by out waitress very quickly.. she was very friendly and informative on the meals and drinks. It a tapas place... so she was encouraging sharing plates. 
Seriously the best fries ever.. they were super crispy skinny fries piles sky high... with some sort of sauce. yuuuuuummmmmyyyy! 
Had few mojitos... nothing to write home about, but it was a good Mojito... not over sweet or too much seltzer water. 
Bottom Line.. any time Im in Philly, I will be back . 
PS... there looked like there was something going on in th back. I'd like see what's back there.Disguised in the shroud of a 1950s diner exterior, The Continental is many leaps and bounds above whatever greasy spoon might have lived in this location years ago. 
Great food and carefully crafted but (mostly) unpretentious cocktails and martinis put The Continental high on my list of Phillie restaurants to revisit. I had the grilled octopus and the lettuce chicken wraps. Both outstanding! With a larger appetite I would have added a lm order of French Onion Soup Dumplings. Alas I had no room left. I'm fairly certain that anything coming out of that kitchen would delight the modern taste buds without disappointment. Highly recommended if you're in the area.This place was on my list of restaurants with vegetarian dishes in Philly.  We were only in Philly for a weekend and this place was right by our hotel.  We ate here after drinking at Sugar Mom's and dominating the juke box till pretty late.  I had the miso soup, it was delicious with crunchy carrots in a huge bowl.  One of the best misos i've had.  The man had the cheese steak egg roll and loved it.  The cocktails were great and a lot of the ones on the menu sounded pretty yummy. Hope to go back this spring!It was Mother's Day and we were looking for a place to have brunch.  Most of the places nearby were closed (not open til 10:30 or so), and we stopped here.  
We sat at the bar because most of the tables were reserved.  The bartender was awesome, he was attentive but not pushy and we were really happy with the service.  The food was good- I had the Turkey sausage, arugula, mushroom and provolone omelette (added jalepenos).  My husband had the Eggs Benedict, which was definitely better than mine (so much better that I had to steal a few bites).  
The desserts were awesome, too.  We had the peanut butter tart and also the Blondie.  So. Delicious.  
Mimosa was strong and I'm glad we decided to try this place!You can't go wrong here. I had dinner here most recently with a group of six. Everyone raved about how much they enjoyed their meals.#1 favorite place. Great food, tasty drinks, unique location, fantastic service, friendly atmosphere. Inside or outside, that is the only question.Great fruity cocktails. Nicely concocted!  We had the sweet martini drinks: Twizzle and Hawaii 5-0. The Twizzle tasted like the cherry twizzler candy and is actually acccompanied by the candy.  The Hawaii 5-0 drink is very nice and refreshing! We had the Kofta Indian spiced beef kabobs which were nicely seasoned, Grilled octopus (not too chewy), Continental salad with grilled chicken (large salad, not overpowered with salad dressing) and the Korean pork tacos (which had a nice kick to them).  We finished off with their homemade smore :)
Ambience is very lively, trendy with a nice modern string of lights chandelier.  It is noisy inside...but the food worth the wait!  
Expect a long wait without a reservation as this place is highly recommended and popular.Calamari was good. Rubbery dumplings and the service left a funny taste in my mouth. Maybe if you come drunk (as is the theme among patrons here) it would be niceThe look is exceptionally cool in a retro-hip way.  My mojito was okay.  I ordered a tuna melt, which isn't the most exciting menu item.  but it was what I wanted, and it tasted good.  But I can't say that there was anything about the place that makes me want to go back and try something else.  It wasn't bad but was kinda mediocre.Always good food, eclectic atmosphere, and fabulous drinks made by some of the best bartenders in town. 
Christine Castro is a walking, talking encyclopedia of mixology. She's fun, friendly, and I love that she'll tell you things about your drink that you'd never know. She great!Probably one of the worst meals I've had in Philly in years. and we go out a lot. 
They were out of several house wines. The crab cakes were inedible. The Mexican  pizza was horrible - and they used capers on it. Huh? Of all the six small dishes maybe the edamame was the best and that's not saying much
Service was fine...if that counts.Went here for lunch. The breakfast quesadillas were amazing, the French Toast with fresh berries out of this world, excellent coffee and a delicious fresh pineapple mimosa. Staff was wonderful, atmosphere very cool and food excellent. Definitely a must try!My sister and I went here when she came up to visit from Maryland....we checked into a hotel downtown, although I live in Philly...it was really nice to feel like an out of towner....
The food in this place was incredible!!!  We ordered some kind of salad my sister had eaten at a restaurant in DC and this was wonderful!  Sort of like Tabouli....
And then we got these little French Onion Soup thingys in little pods no bigger than a tablespoon and you got like 5 or 6 of them....the portions were so small because it was so very good!!  Had we not enjoyed it so much, it would have been a mixing bowl size....go figure!!!!
Portion control is always something we should concern ourselves with....but let me do that!  :-)
I gotta make my way back there!!People were really friendly here!
I went alone and ordered for a Rad Thai Chicken.
Oh man, this dish was great! And it was so big I had to take it to my hotel.
I felt at home there, specially when I had a Diseno Mendoza Argentina 2011 Wine, which is the place I am from.Loved the atmosphere and the hummus. It was nice going to a unique restaurant while we were out of town. The menu offered a good variety in my opinion...
My friend got a chicken noodle dish with salad... not sure exactly what it was called. It was delish but the portions were huge! We ended up taking more than half of it back to the hotel to enjoy it later. 
I also tried the Champagne-O-Rama, SO good. I would have ordered more but I believe they were a bit pricey.The original location in Old City has more character than the midtown location. Great cocktails and perfect for late night food. I had garlic mashed potatoes here for the first time. This was the first (or second) Stephen Starr restaurant.. before the empire..Stopped in for breakfast Saturday morning.  Awesome decor, loved the martini olive lights! Had the omelet of the day, salmon and cream cheese.  I admit I was leary of cream cheese in an omelet but what the hell.  Glad I did, it was delicious.Got a nice omelette with turkey sausage, cheese and spinach. It comes with home fries, and toast. The interior decor is quite interesting; it has the traditional feel of a diner but adds modern to the design.
The big bang combo has 3 pancakes, 2 sausage links, home fries and bacons. The portion is smaller than I thought but obviously big enough to make you fat.
It is definitely a trendy diner with ok food. I think their drinks and shoestring fries are probably more noticeable than anything else.Good quality food and fairly reasonable prices for Old City. I had steak and eggs with the best home fries I've ever had. I would recommend this location for well varied fare and funky retro ambiance.Drinks are very decently priced, and with an ecclectic asian influenced menu one can really expect to enjoy themselves.  The service was outstanding, and every waitress is smoking hot.  It was an extremely pleasent experience all around.Upon arrival I was greeted kindly and I actually had no knowledge of the menu, the employees showed us some recommendations. We tried the cheesesteak egg roll, it was delicious. We also got the veal and ricotta meatballs, the lettuce wrapped BBQ, fries, fried calamari salad, as well as the udon soups. All of these dishes were delightful. Not a single blunder in the food or service. It was absolutely excellent. Even with a high volume of customers in the place, they served us fast and efficiently. The food was absolutely amazing once again. I am from New York, so I am typically stubborn when it comes to food; this place is an awesome local or tourist joint. Either way the food and service will be very good. Having sampled basically the entire menu I could say I would travel to Philadelphia to get this food again, because it was actually that great of quality. I went with a group of four, the place is cozy but not too tight, dark but not too light. Definitely the best dining experience I've had in a very long time. The meal was replenishing after a long concert in town!Always consistent, love the crispy calamari salad and cheesesteak eggrolls!This is such an attractive, cute place to eat - it has  retro diner environment. I agree that the food is pricy for the portion size. Chicken kebabs, turkey club sandwich - so small! But it was an enjoyable atmosphere for a healthier lunch in the Penn's landing area.Vibe: funky and cool, a hip spot
Cocktails: okay, but a bit off
Food: shoe string fries resemble a birds nest, salad was good, but nothing special
Service: Polite, but not nearly attentive enough.
Had a better meal/time at the midtown location was so far superior
Go or don't go: Hit up the midtown spot for brunchThis is the original Continental and it is my personal favorite. I enjoy the Chicken Skewers, Philly Cheesesteak Roll and Calamari Salad. I also had the Jumbo Lump Crab Pad Thai which was good.The food was OK.  The fry pile was tricky to eat.   The drinks are the definite draw.   Good people watching place.Hit-or-miss, basically. I've had solid food (the calamari salad with the best calamari I've ever had; perfectly cooked so that the squid wasn't like a rubber band in my mouth), and not-so-good food (cold seared tuna with a disastrous risotto, miniscule portions of each). The shoestring fries are always nice, a Continental signature. I've gotten attitude from my waiter/waitress on every visit. Must be that underpaid-Steven-Starr-employee syndrome.Between this location and Midtown, I HIGHLY recommend this. I love their fried octopus dish and I love their Squirt cocktail. The seating area near the entrance gets packed and really tight but if you get seated in the back area, there is more breathing room.I love this place! Every single thing I have ever eaten here is amazing. I tried the Asian Shrimp Po'Boy and it blew my mind! It was spicy and super flavorful. The Thai Chicken Lettuce Wraps and Fries are also always a good option. The Asian tacos are not the best but they are still pretty good. The service was also great.We came before happy hour but we ordered our 2nd round of drinks at 7.02 and our hipster Batman was a stickler for rules.  Food was good as per normal, portions size large.  Ginger cocktails were a ginger fiestaIf you want the Steven Starr experience without needing reservations, this is the spot.  Although he tends to overdo the mood lighting in back--I could barely read the menu--the atmosphere is slick and the booths are comfy.  Their martinis are some of the best I've had...got better as I moved onto my second & third.  Everything is served family style and the waitstaff tends to bombard you with everything at once, but maybe that caters to your glutenous side.  The seared ahi plate is excellent, but difficult to share.  Continental salad is great for a big group of people, as is the crab pad thai.  The only disappointments in three trips have been the chicken satay (bland), and the desserts.  Drink enough and none of that will matter.Ive been here 3 Times now.
I ALWAYS get the French onion soup Dumplings. They are AMAZING. They are only on the dinner menu but I have requested them at lunch before and they were happy to oblige.
I have come once for brunch, once for lunch, and once for dinner.
Brunch: Yummy yummy french toast, my BF got it. I got the philly cheesesteak but done with a Portobello instead. I opted for the salad when asked for french fries, salad, or fruit.
It was a small version of their Continental salad and it was really really good. Chopped lettuce, tomato, cukes, onions, feta and a yummy house dressing.
Lunch: I got the french onion soup dumpling. AMAZING!!!! and a small continental salad (Cause I liked it so much from brunch)
my guy got the gazpacho, perfect for these hot days we have been having in philly.
Dinner: Came here for drinks and snacks late one night. I got the Lime Ricky, boozy and not sweet, my friend got the watermelon beer he liked it a lot and and ended up getting a second,
My BF got dessert, the cheesecake which was amazing, I got the dumplings again, and my friend did the tofu tempura. I dont eat soy so I didnt try it, he didnt seem too thrilled.
This place is great! Ill keep coming back, :)Great place for lunch. Those shoestring fries are a must. Also had the calamari salad which was excellent. Seems like there's an asian fusion thing going on with American classics here. Am a big fan.We've ate a number of times.  Breakfast and lunch have been very enjoyable!!!   Delicious food!!   Next time in Philly I will be coming here to eat!!!Everything about the Continental Old City is good but not great. The food, the atmosphere, it's all good. You'll have a nice meal and leave satisfied, but it's definitely not the top place in the neighborhood. The one good thing about them is that they're open late on the weekends for the after-bar crowd. One bad thing is that they can be a bit careless when they are crowded. They lost my friend's credit card at dinner (they weren't sure if they gave it to another customer or just misplaced it). She had to cancel her card and go through all of the security measures on a Saturday night, which was totally inconvenient, but they did comp our entire meal for 8 people.The center city location is preferrable.  3 floors - the top being a roofdeck.  The drinks are fun and the atmosphere is great.  I love their mango martinis.  And surprisingly, they're brunch is quite good as well!  I wouldn't go for dinner though - its average for that..but a great place to get a couple drinks or a chocolate filled french toast with egg whites..yum..
the one place i really miss in philly!not a fan of the old city continental.  i like it for dinner, but not as a bar.  good desserts.  i recommend any drink with champagne in it, and the best thing is that they have a great selection of those.As with many Starr joints, - it is style over substance to (a-hem) justify a higher price.  Continental is a solid choice for brunch - and OK for lunch or dinner.  We enjoyed the super fresh Vietnamese-type "Summer Roll" - but at $8.50 it should not be filled with surimi (imitation crab).  It was also very light and I could have eaten 2 of them myself.  
For $9.50 the udon and wonton soup came with 3 wontons and a few slivers of scallion.  NOT worth the high price, but tasty.
Edamame was $6.50.  OUCH!!!!!  
Server, Katie, was gorgeous and attentive.  Hot (and likely gay) barkeep had beautiful tattoos on Saturn on his arm.
A fun place - but bring MONEY.A good place for eye candy and have a martini, but if you are expecting good food, I suggest you go elsewhere. 
Chicken dumplings $9, four pathetic dumplings w/ super thick skin, you can get from Trader Joe's 12 in bag for $3, except Trader Joe's are better. They weren't even pan fried or anything, just soak in hot water and sat on top a bed of shredded carrot, soy and vinegar dipping sauce. So sad. 
The seared tuna with mushroom risotto was $16. six thinly sliced pieces, about the size of a quarter each, and about 1/2 in thick, they just rolled the tuna in black & white sesame seed, and slightly warmed the outside. The risotto was way undercooked. For the amount of time I waited for them, you would at least think they could get that right.  
I'm guessing they have to overcharge everything to pay for the primo location and all the attractive ladies working there. Oh yeah, all the time I was there, I had to listen to this jerkoff hitting on the two girls at the bar, maybe that's why I lost my appetite.A fun menu that is sure to please all the different cravings in your group.  Skip the sea bass fish tacos -- they could've been talapia and I wouldn't have noticed, but maybe I'm just spoiled (reference: review for Nick's Crispy Tacos. )
Continental has such cool decor! So many places go for retro/kitch and fail -- Continental pulls it off.  
If you have an aversion to bubbly waitstaff, consider yourself warned.My friend and I came by the other night after a concert and had our favorite shoestring fries! Yummyyy. Great drinks, awesome waitress!High-end, pricey Smalls are something that Starr excels at, so let's give credit where credit is do.  I mean, the French Onion Soup Dumplings are awesome!  Even with the prices in mind, this place could easily be four or five stars based on the food alone.
Unfortunately, I don't understand their serving methodology.  Food is brought out in the order it is finished.  First In First Out (FIFO) is a great supply chain principle.  However, when it means that I may have my entrée beat out my apps or my entrée and apps beat out my dining companion's anything, it seems a bit misplaced.
The best way to get over this madding food serving approach is to come with a small group prepared to share eat dish as it arrives.  Drink them down with their solid martinis and you're bound to have a great time!Before I start on my old city iced tea, I have to say it feels great to be back here again. This used to be my hangout in old city before I moved away. Now I see it's still here and better than ever. Chris is doing a fantastic job. It feels like home again. Great food, drink & service.To be honest, I had really high expectations for this place, and although it was good - it didn't wow me. The food, service, and overall atmosphere was good, but not amazing. I would recommend if you haven't been, definitely try it out and see if you like.. but not sure I would return.This plain looking diner has an unexpected posh martini bar inside past the regular dining area. I dropped in with a friend on a drinking night and the place was packed, most people were devouring enormous piles of fries that looked like shoestrings along with other fusion type cuisine. I didn't try the food but the martini bar was really sweet, very chill.OK, it's a Starr restaurant so you know it's going to be trendy.  Yup, it is.  The food is generally above average at a Starr place.  Yup, it is.  Prices a little high?  Yup.   Shoestring Fries to die for, absolutely!  Before you die you need to try these fries.  You never know when that day will occur so go soon!2nd time here 1st time much better.  Food is pretty good Drinks are ok service is greatThe Continental always makes me happy, even if the crab pad thai smells like an unspeakable act. The drinks are pricey but stiff and the cheesesteak egg rolls are a deep fried nugget dropped from heaven. Back in the good old days (late-90s) the Continental was somewhat tragically hip. These days, it is less self-conscious and keeps it simple: great food with style. Perhaps this observation is more a reflection of how I've changed. Anyway, just go. You'll be happy too.We went here for brunch and it was surprisingly AWESOME.
Having eaten lunch several time s and having drinks at the Continental Midtown over the years - I was iffy about coming here - but we needed FOOD and it called to us.
I had an eggs Florentine (egges Benedict with spinach instead of meat.) and my husband got the Breakfast quesadilla.
Both were good and brunch was served with a melon mint sorbetto as a palate cleanser.
Decor is Starr-ized and funky (although someone told me that Starr is not involved with the Continental on Market - only the Continental midtown - not sure if this is true.)  Olive themed light fixtures and olive drab restrooms with gorgeous stainless steel light fixtures on the mirror.
Servers were young, good-looking and surprisingly attentive.
The only disappointment wis the potatoe casserole.  It was just their regular deep-fried potato slices with cheese, peepers & onions melted over the top.  It really shoulda said "cheese fries".
Prices weren't too bad.  Brunch for 2 - no alcohol was $25!
(But I missed having a Champagne-o-rama - my Continental Fave.)
Drink menu is THE SAME as the Cont. midtown.
We may actually come back here!I've been punished because I'm a party of one.  Who knew when I entered Continental and asked for a table and not the bar I would be seated in the back room with screaming disobedient children who were completely unfamiliar with their inside voices and their less-than-concerned and way too tolerant parents.  I've been punished by Continental for my party-of-one status.  Shame, Continental, shame on YOU!!!We wanted to have tapas for dinner before going out clubbing and heard good things about Continental. It seems like this is the place where girls go for dinner before going out. All the tables were packed with party goers nibbling on tapas. We shared a few dishes.. cheesesteak eggrolls, crab mac and cheese, bbq chicken quesadilla, and roasted red pepper and feta cheese dip. We all agreed the bbq chicken quesadillas were the best and most flavorful and the least liked was t the dry/bland cheesesteak eggrolls. My girlfriends liked the crab mac and cheese because it was light and made with orzo, I personally prefer a thicker, heavier macaroni and cheese. For dessert we got the chocolate cupcake served with an orange flavored ice cream.. we weren't fans of this dish. We also got cotton candy .. which is exactly what it sounds like.. a circus style bag of cotton candy.. one of my girlfriends reminisced of her childhood while ripping off pieces of the blue cotton candy..but then slightly panicked when her mouth turned blue. 
We took a trip to the bathroom and were really surprised by the double sided mirrors. You can see right into the bathrooms as people wash their hands.. pick their teeth and touch up their make-up! It was so awkward.. I definitely didn't like that.
Overall, I thought Continental was chic, the bill was reasonable but if we got cocktails it would have been quite expensive. We would have preferred everything to come out at once but I guess since it was tapas style it came out as it was ready. I wasn't blown away by the dishes but enjoyed the atmosphere.I'm leaving this review several months after the fact because my husband and I often talk about what a terrible experience it was.  
It was the worst birthday dinner I've ever had, and I don't drink so I couldn't block it out.  We ordered the Calamari Salad that Anne Burrell recommended on one of her shows.  The calamari was soggy, and served atop wilted lettuce.  Just gross!  OMG, the Pad Thai was worse.  There was a pickled flavor in there.  It was like eating somebody's first attempt at following an exotic recipe but they threw ignorant American all over it.  Disgusting.  My husband, who NEVER WASTES FOOD, threw it away.  Not to mention the Philly attitude we got from the kitchen because we complained about waiting 45 minutes for crap.  Anne Burrell totally lost credibility with us that day.  Get drunk before you go.I have to say. The cocktails are great. The food is (I had a salad). Problem is that it is WAY over priced.Enjoyed the decor and ambiance. The food was great. The service was spot on, especially being served ice cold water and our glasses were kept full. Perfect after a long day of sightseeing.We came here on a Saturday night. There were 6 of us. They were packed but we had reservations. It was everyone's first time eating there. We ordered about 6 dishes to share. Our server was friendly and answered all of our questions. Everything tasted really good. The calamari salad was light and refreshing. The  Lobster Mac was creamy and the spicy mustard  on the shoestring fries were a nice touch. The only complaints were the steak, they didn't cook it to our liking, and we had ordered something that never came. I think it was a bit too loud and he didn't hear it. But it was a good thing considering we also ordered dessert. We had one of each and the grasshopper is the winner. We would definitely come back.Straight to the point
Food: 
- Szechuan Fries is a heaping amount to share with a group of people. It tastes literally like potato chips but would not order again. Its pricey because I felt like I paid $8.50 for one whole potatoe to be shredded, deep fried and dressed with sauce.
-Shrimp Po Boy & Baja Fish Tacos were flavorful and actually fulfilling for 2 people. Served tapa style so it was expected to be small portions as stated on menu but balanced  made up for the amt of meat given. 
Customer service: 
First contact with the host was just just ehh, no smile, or warmth upon entering. After we received our food no one came to ask us how was the food but people who got seated after us (right behind me) was asked several times. 
Overall I would not have this place in mind if I had to figure out where to eat.My husband and I visited this restaurant over the weekend to celebrate his birthday with a group of our friends. I absolutely loved this restaurant! We were running a little behind our reservation time and they were understanding and accommodating. The restaurant front has a classic old school diner feel with huge green olives with picks running through them hanging over each booth. We waited at the bar and were escorted to the back where the ambiance suddenly shifts to more intimate and has more modern elements with hints of vintage. The service was great (especially with our large group) and the drinks, food, and desserts were outstanding! Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their drinks and the food is ordered tapas style (small plates for everyone to share family style). The cheesesteak egg rolls are fantastic! Some plates ended up being a little smaller than expected so we had to order some more food. Overall a great experience; we would definitely recommend to friends and family and would love to return!The waitress said it was a tapas style.....
I went with my sister on a recent trip out east, we strolled in on a bustling friday night (by recommendation of a "local"), got seated right away. Service was quick the Drinks were delish and the food was sooo yummy, big portions considering we were expecting small plates. The Lobster mash potatoes was a enough for a meal alone. Ate everything, the food is so yummy! 
The ambience was great, love the design and layout... I will definitely be back.One of Steven Starr's intentionally super trendy joints but probably one of the more affordable.  FYI, the high menu prices at don't translate to living wage pay or health benefits for his full time employees.
The fries plate is monstrous and highly addictive and the vodka flights make this the only place I've ever ordered vodka.  They also have a great cocktail called the Buzz Aldrin or something similar with a Tang rimmer.  The retro airline styling of the menus is also a lot of fun if you ever grow weary of lists written in italics or script fonts.This is a great place to people watch. We came for drinks on a Saturday night and sat out on the sidewalk. Saw quite a few bachelorette parties walk by. At least 4, loved the one in the hideous 80's prom dresses. People, ok girls in stiletto's, were constantly tripping over the grate. And why does everyone in this town honk like a crazy person? There's nowhere for anyone to move because the street is narrow and everyone who apparently wants to be seen wants to drive down it. 
Can't comment about the food, but I would definitely come back to enjoy the atmosphere next time I'm in Philly.Martini's are great. Food is so-so; I once had chicken that was a little undercooked. Like most Stephen Star Restaurants, its more "fluff" and atmosphere than anything else, which - along with his reputation - you pay for. Still, like all of his restaurants:  give it a chance. He's not one of the most successful restauranteers for nothing.Best meal - as a family of 4 with younger kids (10 and 7) who are foodies, we had a blast.  French onion dumplings ( yes they were good) and asian pork tortillas that we loved.  The kids found some of the food too zesty but they split the hamburger and fries - my son is still saying best fries ever.  And the octopus was amazing - the best I've had in a long time.  My martini was perfect and the staff was great.  We will come back next trip.Worth the costWe went here tonight. Service was okay, but my food was terrible. I got the chicken skewers which has been okay in the past but tonight it was terribly rubbery, and now I'm rolling over sick. I would expect better from a starr restaurant.Let me say this place has a crazy cool interior very appeasing to the eye! 
They have seats that consume the body and dangle from the ceiling which I thought was awesome.
The drink selection was okay no complaints- some fancy craft beer names. Drinks were presented in a appetizing fashion.
The food was pretty good! The crab mac and cheese was amazing at first but later I noted it was overwhelmingly salty. The Thai dish was very delicious. 
The portions were a little small for my liking. 
All in all it was a delight to dine hereIt's Starr establishments such as this that make it difficult to venture out and find new restaurants.  One of a kind dishes, spectacular specialty drinks, consistent, impeccable service......Attention is paid to every detail.  New to yelp, but veteran philadelphia diner, our continental staples over the years~  The blueberry mojito martini (full size, pours 2-3times), the calamari salad, the seared ahi with mushroom risotto (always get a side of wasabi mash,) the flavors together form the, "Perfect Bite.". Always save room for sharing dessert, ~tonight the ice cream was popcorn, paired with a warmed blondie. Yum! Presentation of all courses is a feast for the eyes as well. Thank You, Continental. Brunch is also a MUST!I was looking for a good place for lunch on a Friday. Wanted a healthy meal and a decent place. I found this gem, the Continental. The food was delicious, the place was airy and clean, and the service was outstanding. And the prices were totally reasonable as well. I'll definitely be going back.I've been having group brunch meetups for about 2 years now and not once have we ever received the appalling service we have received today. 
Our reservations were for 1230 and when members of my party arrived I overheard the hostess being extremely rude and condescending towards them. Telling them they must have the wrong continental because they don't take reservations. Lies! Our reservations have been on their books for weeks. 
Once we were seated our server Megan brought us water, coffee and the requested drinks but took forever to return to take our food order. After about 45 mins Megan returned without our food. We asked how much longer and she said it was coming out. Our food comes out lukewarm which means it was just sitting there waiting for her to pick it up and she didn't. She also fogot items requested like sides. She never returned to check on us and when one of my party memebers asked for warm syrup she said they didn't have any. Ummm you have syrup just ask the kitchen to heat it up. Another member had to leave early but was held up because she kept forgetting to bring them their check. 
I am highly disappointed as this has always been my go to spot for brunch. Sadly, I won't be returning.The service here really bummed me out. We arrived at about midnight on a Saturday night looking to have a drink. We sat down at a table and the cocktail waitress totally ignored us. HELLO??? WTF? So we went to the bar to get our own drinks. $6.50 for a Corona and $19 for a Grey Goose and Red Bull.
$19????
Where am I? New York City?
NO.
I'm in Philly.
This is freakin' ridiculous.
What's worse is the bartender was a total bitch. In fact I think she charged us extra on purpose. Because later on, as we were leaving a manager greeted us and asked how our night was.... we told him that we just paid $19 for Grey Goose vodka and Red Bull and *he* looked surprised. He said, "Did you ask for a double?" 
"No."
"Can I buy you a drink? That just doesn't seem right," said the manager.
We thanked him but said no.
I was done with that place. Get me the hell outta here.
The place is too trendy for me. Too much of a singles scene on the weekend and we were totally bummed about the service. For an SRO restaurant where they stress Service as a big selling point, this one sucked eggs.
The only reason I give this place 2 stars instead of just one is because I liked the animal chairs in the bar and a rooftop deck is always cool.As always....great food and drinks..everything on the menu is great!!! Can be a bit pricey, but its worth it....Went to the midtown location for dinner and drinks - love the concept! Continental has a casual 60's/70's diner feel while still being trendy. The menu was interesting and fun - with portions varying and sharing encouraged. The lobster mac and cheese made with orzo, marscapone, baked crumbly parmesan and other lobster chunks was rich and delicious without being to thick. The crab pad thai could have been more "crabby" but it was still a good modern take on a staple Thai dish. Drinks were good - I loved the Buzz Aldrich made with tang, triple sec, and vodka with a tang sugar rim... and the idea of small two-bite desserts made me so happy (although I was too full to eat even that). Check out the trendy rooftop bar with an enclosed bar area with a round fireplace in the middle of the room, comfly lounge couches, and an outside space with space heaters for the warmer season. A fun place to check out in center city in Philly.I prefer this location over the one in Rittenhouse.
Super nice staff here! And they all wear such cute outfits (yes, I notice these things). I felt very welcomed sitting in the booth, waiting for my food. I don't know...everyone just seemed very pleasant. And that's important to me, that the atmosphere is pleasant, warm and not pretentious. Had my beloved calamari salad again, but this time I also ordered myself a cocktail for bunch and snacked on some shoestring fries. They were delicious. My boyfriend had some pancakes and a beer, and he was very happy as well.
I will definitely be back soon!I love the Continental, always have, but the waiters should be a little more pro-active in stopping patrons dining outside from smoking.
Early on a recent Friday evening, a patron sat at the sidewalk table next to us just as our appetizers arrived, and he was conspicuously holding an unwrapped cigar in his hand. As soon as he sat down he lit the cigar and the smoke began wafting over our table a few feet away. I watched the waiter go to his table with a menu, come back for orders, and back again with drinks without saying anything to him (the customer wasn't hiding the cigar). Finally when I was able to nab our waiter, I let him know that the cigar was a problem, cigar smoke was drifting over our table and ruining our meal, and asked if he could do something. He apparently didn't want to confront the patron, went inside, and after several minutes the manager went to the patron's table and explained to the patron that smoking wasn't allowed. All together we sat for a good 15-20 minutes smelling cigar smoke.
(And of course now the smoker knew it was us that said something, causing some un-needed tension, instead of the restaurant simply enforcing the law.)
Maybe this is a common problem at outdoor tables in Philadelphia? We were walking back to our car along Market St. past the sidewalk tables of other restaurants, and I saw at least one other table with someone smoking a cigarette.
When we sat outside we expected to hear the noise of the busses along 2nd and Market, and even maybe smell an occasional exhaust fume. But we also went with the expectation that smoking isn't allowed at Philadelphia restaurants. The Continental needs to set a precedent and give your waiters solid instruction for dealing instantly with customers that try to smoke at the expense of other diners enjoyment.Steven Starr, you bore me to death. The food at the Continental is all Disney. The $10 and $12 drinks are used and tired. Nothing on the menu is worth what it is priced. The best I can say about this place is that their salads are zaftig-sized and their service is usually pretty friendly.Food was excellent!   Didn't know what to expect considering the outside but pleasantly surprised.    Went for a birthday celebration with a limited menu but it was still very good.Food is delicious. 
Our table tonight seemed to have some sort of Harry Potter shield covering it that made us completely invisible. Our waiter walked by or table over and over and over and over, bringing other tables water, taking their orders, picking up their checks, he NEVER came to our table unless we flagged him down or asked another server to get him. It was bizarre. I usually don't have bad service here. This was frustrating and then became so obvious that he wasn't even looking towards our table ever that we were laughing hysterically.I have never felt more unwelcome at a place when I went here with a friend. He was so excited to take me here as a visitor to the area, and when we were seated that was the end of our service. We sat patiently waiting for the waitress to come over, and 18 minutes later we decided to go else where. I understand if restaurants are busy, but we were one of 6 tables of people in the place.  Best part was watching the waitress set silverware up at tables around us, and wait on two tables of people that came in long after us. I have never left before this was a first. We loved the thank you have a great day we were told when we walked out the door....rude. I will never attempt to go back to this place in future visits.This is one of my favorite places to go for first dates in the city. It has one of those classy yet intimate (but not too romantic for a first date) atmospheres. I also love Starr restaurants so I'm a bit biased. Even if you don't want to go for the food I highly recommend it for drinks. As most have recommended definitely try the French Onion Soup Dumplings. I recommend skipping the more "traditional" items here like quesadilla or fries and trying something different as that's always worked out better than playing it safe for me. As for drinks I'm a sucker for their sweet martinis as I love the fact that there's candy in them. I like the Twizzle and Sourpuss. If you're looking for something a bit heavier try the Sweet Manhattan. I've only ever been here in the evening so I can't say much about the daytime menu but it is definitely worth checking out. Cool, calm atmosphere with good food/drinks and always a lovely crowd and service.Fun funky place. Had the shoe string fries and they are so good that you cannot stop eating. The mac and cheese with lobster is also a delicious dish. I also had the Chilean sea bass and although good it was very expensive for a very small piece of fish. 
great atmosphere. open late.Was going to brunch at FarmiCia but it was too crowded. Headed here instead. It was good -- the french toast martini was worth every penny and my calamari salad was good. I have no complaints but the place didn't blow my skirt up either. I'll give it an "a-ok" and hit the place for some evening cocktails one night soon and review again based on the evening atmosphere.I LOVE the Continental!  It reminds me of NYC where all the servers have a distinct/individual look and all look like actors & actresses. The food is always so unique and delicious.  The price is always well within budget and I have never been let down in the dozen or so meals I have eaten there.If it hadn't been for the service, I would definitely have given this place a five. 
I am generally not terribly impressed with Stephen Starr restaurants but I was definitely and surprisingly blown away by the quality of the food. Make note that it is definitely better to share in a group here, than ordering foods, just for yourself. We started with the calamari salad, went for the big dish lobster mac and cheese and asian shrimp po boy for the small dish, all fantastic and perfectly portioned for two. I was particularly impressed with the calamari salad, which had a great sweet-ish vinaigrette dressing and very crisp calamari that topped it. 
All great, before the service fell through. The caveat is that we went with a larger group about ten or so and struggled to balance out the check, as it always happens when you go with college students. The waiter was so downright rude, even once rolling her eyes at us when we asked her for a couple more minutes. I was very tempted to call the manager, but it was my friend's birthday, so I let it slide. 
I definitely want to go here again, but I guess it depends on how quickly I can forget about how horrible the service was...Fabulous place!
The decor is very nice.  The food tastes awesome and the martinis are delicious.
I've had the pan seared Tuna, the Pad Thai and several martinis here.
If you have a decent sized party and make reservations in advance you can get one of a few private rooms in the back.
The place is a little bit pricier than I am used to treating myself to, but if I'm in Philly and feel like giving myself a treat, I come here.strawberry basil martini with a balsamic sugar rim. sounds pretty out there, right? you have to try it. it's the cocktail i get whenever i go here... among others. 
we usually hit this place for sunday brunch with friends of ours. we've had omlettes, eggs benedict, burgers, and salads. the rad na thai chicken salad is super tasty. i end up making 3 meals out of it they give you so much. same with the shoestring fries. and i love what they do with desserts. there are probably 2-3 oz glasses in a stand and you pick whatever you want. definitely worth checking out.I had a good glass of MacCallan Cask Strength, but didn't have any of the food- which seemed like an eclectic mix of stuff.  
Was cool that the waiters didn't rush us out from the bar....but 20% automatic tip on a drink?  Really? 
Oh well.It's another great creation of Steven Starr.  Really trendy bar with great looking people of all ages.  We went there Satuday night, just for two, and waited an hour and a half, be forewarned.  They do have great cocktails, and they're expensive, but they are GREAT! yummy, good liquor, etc.  They have a roof deck with another bar, you have to wait in line to take the elevator up though.  You can wait there, or two other bars for your table.  They don't let any of your food sit under heat lamps so they bring it out right away - which means service is fast.  They have these awesome looking swing chairs, but if you're drunk, be forewarned, you may be tempted to swing around and hit stationary objects.  Besides, they're not that comfortable.  As for the food, the salads are huge, so plan on sharing.  They have this one platter that is a sampler for two, and it's good, but not great.  They're samosas were dry, and their fried crab dumpligns were far from special.  Prices for food are reasonable!
Come for the food or come for the bar!Nice little quirky spot that has great drinks, nice atmosphere, and good food. For a Friday night we were sat immediately and the wait for food and drinks was not long at all. Had a nice booth right at the window to people watch. Definitely a great spot for girls night out or group outing!!Prices aren't too bad for this "lower end" Stephen Starr restaurant. Great place to get late night drinks or dinner that won't break your wallet. The fries here are great... good portions. Don't let the cheap diner look on the outside fool you... it's what's on the inside that counts. But if you want a nicer looking place, check out the Continental Midtown at 18th and Chestnut.Came for Sunday brunch with a large group. We didn't have a reservation but were seated quickly. We ordered white wine for the table which was wonderful (recommendation of our waitress) and a couple appetizers as well. The food was all delicious and the portions were very big.
For my entree I ordered the turkey burger. It was seasoned very well and did not disappoint. 
The rest of the group got a variety of dishes, some brunch staples like Benedict and also salads and tacos. All the food looked great and they had a nice variety on their menu. 
Service was a little slow that day and our food took awhile to come out. Normally I would simply blame the brunch rush but the place was not at capacity by any means.Great drinks.  Lunchtime mushroom cheese"steak" (vegetarian) sandwich is totally tops. Fun atmosphere too.  Kinda wish they had more vegan / vegetarian options.  There is a good chick pea salad at lunchtime too.  Friendly, good waitstaff.Great service, high prices, just okay food. We were both very hungry and looking for a delicious dinner date. We ordered from the "small" items menu, which is an interpretation of a tapas menu. 
Five dishes in all, and they all came out quickly. Edamame (salt was dumped on top, not sprinkled over all the green morsels), ahi tuna tar tare (awesome, needed one more crisp to eat it with - only comes with three), Korean pork tacos (comes with a kick, reminiscent of the tacos at El Vez, go figure), grilled octopus with spinach and pita (kind of dry and not very flavorful)... and there was one more... what was it, what was it??? Oh yes, the forgettable scallops. I've made better scallops at home, and paid a lot less.
Dessert ended up being the "oreo" mint chocolate chip ice cream sandwich. Two tiny bite-sized sandwiches come on a plate decorated in chocolate syrup. Oreos taste better than the "oreo" sandwich cookies here, and overall it left me wanting more ice cream. Oh well.
Eh, for a good dinner I'd rather go to Marathon - and for the area of this Continental (Old City), I'd rather hit up Cuba Libre, Triumph,  or Farmicia. Do yourself a favor and follow my lead, you'll be glad you did.i'm a starr girl. big fan of his. this is a great diner, with a warm feeling to it. the martini olive lighting gives it a chichi, posh look of an older era. great drink concoctions and the food speaks for itself. this isn't a burger and fries type of diner. starr puts a twist on the definition of diner here. 
btw, i would pay for the thai beef salad to be put back on the menu. *drool*I ate here for the first time Friday night and it was awesome. I had the spinach ravioli and it was one of the best pasta dishes I've had since moving to the city a month ago. The service was fantastic, the workers were very kind, attentive an on top of things. I will definitely be going back and would recommend anyone to try this place. Also, the chairs for the outside seating were super comfortable and relaxing.Wow, what a surprise! We took our family here for a late lunch because it looked like a diner with something for everyone. I was pleasantly surprised by the menu, and even more delighted when the food was served. Food was really superb, great flavors, well prepared; we had the whole gamut of flavors at our table, including Thai, Indian, Philly, as well as the good old diner burger and Turkey club. This was a winner!Love their Philly Cheesesteak Egg Rolls.    Shoestring fries are good as well.   Other dishes are good but not very filling so can get expensive as you will need to order lots of them to fill you up.   If you are going for a lighter meal, their salads are very good and fillingVisited Philly for about 24 hours and went here twice it was so good. Went for late night dessert and drinks with friends and we all agreed we had to go back the next day for lunch. Both experiences were great. Comfortable environment, good service and excellent food! Cappaccino=amazing!I don't know why I decided to give continental another try. The overpriced Asian fusion stuff just gets old. Not to mention their service is horrible. Just left from lunch there. Correction-- I had to get my entire order packed to go because somehow the waitress lost the order for a good 15 minutes! I can understand if it was a rush but there were less than 10 patrons in the whole place. Then she decided to bring the check before we even got the food. And for $15.50 the Asian po' boy is about the size of an appetizer, and comes with no sides, which is ironic considering the origin of the name... Never again!Hubby and I came here for breakfast the morning after a fantastic wedding in Philly. The decor is fun, the staff was really friendly, and most importantly, the coffee was strong and yummy. We both had omelettes, turkey sausage with provolone and arugala, and an egg white omelette with asparagus and goat cheese - DELISH. The portions were just right, and if we're ever back in Philly, and it's breakfast time, I won't hesitate to come again!Chilean sea bass is the best!  Drinks are nice and strong.  Service is good.  Fun place to meet up with friends for after work drinks with some food as well.Came here for brunch on New Years day as it was the only place open at 10am and had some semblance of life. 
The service was fine. We were seated immediately and the waiter came over to take our order. Standard stuff. Nothing to report.
On the other hand, the food was mediocre at best. There was nothing special about the omelette or eggs Benedict, although perhaps I shouldn't have expected much from a diner.Looks can be deceiving! Several friends kept telling me to check out The Continental and at first sight it looked like your standard, greasy diner but boy was I surprised. I'd recommend going early for happy hour some evening during the week. They offer $3 drafts, $4 wine and $5 specialty cocktails. The specials are only available at the back bar but the ambiance is much better there anyway. They also have a happy hour menu featuring small bites. The lobster mac and cheese is so rich that the small portion was really the perfect amount to fully appreciate the flavors of the orzo and lobster in the creamy sauce.
I also tried the beautifully presented grilled scallops and the ahi tuna tartare. The tartare was bursting with flavor and I thoroughly enjoyed the Asian love sauce. The scallops were very tasty as well but next time I'll ask them to hold off on the heavy cilantro sprinkle on top as it was a little overwhelming and not on the menu.Excellent selection with an eclectic flair.  Service is superb and quality is very good. You order an entree, and it is out on the table steaming hot in 5 minutes.  Everything is made to order. ...and could not be more delicious.  Hannah our server was extremely pleasant, engaging and efficient.  Wonderful restaurant!  I highly recommend!Very interesting atmosphere, cute, chic, unique, and fun! I'm a sucker for decor.
Came here with a friend and her parents. We shared a bunch of appetizers, all of which were fabulous, from the chicken lettuce wraps to the ahu tuna tartare it was all delish! Picking my main dish was such a challenge as there was so much great food on the menu! AH! Luckily we ended up sharing. My friend got the lobster macaroni, which was absolutely fantastic! MMMM! I opted for the special of the night, which was a grilled salmon teriyaki on top of Soba noodles. Probably the best combination EVER. It was amazing! Cooked to perfection and oh so yummy! I'm just salivating remembering it! The portions were great, nice and big, and of course the food was amazing!
Hope to definitely be back soon!Walked in @ 6:45 p.m. on NYE to a packed house, with no reservation, and were promptly taken to a cozy corner table in a back dining room.  The hostess was very friendly and took our drink order and listed specials almost as soon as we sat.  We ordered the spring rolls and octopus for appetizers and the Korean fried chicken (for me) and Pad Thai (for Mrs.).  Spring rolls were good, but imitation crab is a stretch for the price.  Octopus was cooked perfectly and great with pesto/olive oil and nice pita.  Fried chicken was really good and Mrs. liked her Pad Thai.  Service was great, all with a smile.  Reasonably priced, and for the lack of planning on our part, and unfamiliarity of the area, we felt like it was a homerun!Great brunch here today. Fabulous granola/fruit/yogurt. Omelets were great too. Excellent service. Portion sizes were on the smaller side however- slight increase there and this place would have made 5 stars for me!This place is located in the heart of Old City in Philadelphia.  It's a great spot to go with a 3 or 4 friends because the portions are big enough to share.  I get the same thing every time: Cheese Steak Egg Rolls (Amazing), Vietnamese summer rolls (So Fresh) and the lettuce wraps (Delicious)! 
Usually I eat in the front because the back is used as a martini bar for happy hour. The vibe is great! It looks like a diner on the outside but the inside, especially the martini bar, is a lot more scenic.  
I always go during the day around lunch and it's never been busy, we get seated right away.  Parking is fine in the daytime.  I probably wouldn't try this place at night being that its location is one of the biggest night scenes in Philly.I've been going here for years, and it's impossible to have a bad meal here. I've never experienced poor service or food that was underwhelming. You can blindly point to anything on the menu, order it, and you will love it. 
The prices are high, but they're beyond worth it for an amazing, five star eating experience. The seared tuna is my favorite item on the menu, and it's so delicious that I would pay double the money for it. The brussel sprouts are incredible, too. 
It's retro style is different from anything in the city. I love the interior design of all the rooms, and I love how they renovated an old Philly diner into a fantastic restaurant. Whenever my friends come in for a visit, this is a MUST HIT spot in Old City.My go-to. Food is fantastic and very consistent. Food is served family style so it's good to go with a group so you can try a bunch of things. My favorites are the French onion soup dumplings, lobster mac (made with risotto ), and the continental salad.Solid place. Any time a brunch entree costs less than $10, I'm a huge fan. The french toast was very good, and the feta spinach omelette was delish. Good homefries and friendly service.
My only issue is that they oversalted everything. Blech. 
Coffee is $3... seriously?! Usually my limit is $2.50!Went here for a business lunch. The service was great; the waitress checked in on us an appropriate amount of time and my water was always refilled. The noise level is a little too loud for me, couldn't hear the person across from me. I got the short rib, which came with a side (I got fries). It was really good, probably one of the best sandwiches I've had in a long time. Looking at the table, it's pricey for the size of the food. Every time I've been here, the food and staff are great...just wish it wasn't as loud.My first thought about this place is that it comes off kind of pretentious. Drinks in tiny glasses, tapas, vintage themed decor. That being said, I still like coming here.
Drinks are good. Food is hit or miss. Lobster mac and cheese is amazing. Cheesesteak eggroll also quite good. I've always gotten the shoestring fries - even though I think they're a pain to eat. Avoid the dumplings.
Service: Always fine, though nothing overly special.
Environment: I sat inside once and outside once. Inside feels a little bit crowded in the front room - my group sat in the back. The decor is very retro diner-esque.We had a reservation for 8 but didn't get seated until 845 so to make it up to us we were given three free appetizers. Service was great and drinks were delicious too. I had the gin gimlet. Food was all very yummy and we tried 10 different things. Can't go wrong!Nice place. Menu is a little limited but the food is prepared well. Great staff, great service. I would come back again.Generous servings and very great atmosphere. We sat on the second floor on the swings. Came in for lunch and left full and content. The Asian chicken salad was huge and had a great dressing. Can't wait to try other items.Basically Continental is an upscale lounge-like diner. 
They do server a great menu and most everything I tried was good, but they fall short of an actual lounge and for a dinner it's a bit too expansive...We are in town for a convention and this was suggested as a place with some local appeal. We generally don't expect much in these situations but we were so, so pleased with not only the service and friendliness of the staff but with the incredible food. 
We had the chicken dumplings which were served in a steamer basket with shredded carrots and a nice ginger/soy sauce. There are only four in the order so you may want more if you have a larger party. 
Our meal consisted of the burger which was suggested by the staff and the greek salad with chicken. The burger almost appeared to be an after thought on the menu as everything else had more flair to it but don't be fooled! This was truly one of the very best burgers I have had including those at Mortons and Capital Grille. To top it off, the fries were fantastic. 
The salad was very will done with a large piece of chicken and plenty of greens. In fact, it could have been shared by two people as we had a bit left over even after sharing. Wonderful dressing and a nice balance of flavors.
While there were several interesting items on the desert menu, we opted for the Grasshopper hoping that this wouldn't be the usual brownie with a slab of ice cream. Again, we were more than pleased with the smaller portion, homemade (hot) brownie and fantastic ice cream. It was the perfect finish to the entire meal.
Don't be fooled by the somewhat pedestrian sound of the meal. They did a fantastic job using high-end ingredients, lots of care and perfect preparations. Great work!Visiting from out of town, my group of friends walked into the Continental looking for a traditional diner brunch.  Didn't find that, but found lots more.  The decor screams greasy spoon, but the menu and dishes proclaim first class food.
First the superlatives.  The French fries are among the best everyone in our party had ever had.  And at $3.50 for a large bowl, they are a steal.  Other hits were the lobster Mac and cheese (made with orzo, not elbows), Thai lettuce wraps, chicken quesadilla, and continental salad.
Service was excellent, even putting up with (and winning over) some unhappy children expecting pancakes.  
Just don't expect breakfast; we were told they only serve it on weekends.If you want to impress a date, just bring her here. This place is very swanky. Yes, it's pretty expensive. But the food is amazing. Go on and have yourself the cheesesteak eggrolls. They'll blow your fucking mind. You may say, "oh, I've had cheesesteak eggrolls at such and such place and they're great." 
Trust me. These are better.
I'll even give a huge thumbs up to their salads. Really delicious salads. And the cocktails are excellent too. Expensive but excellent.Lobster Mac is always good but it looks like the portion has shrunk.  Drinks are great and refreshing.  The brown room is very quiet and can be boring but the other rooms are fun.Veggie cheesesteak was good but I think it needs some type of sauce,,,bloody Mary is good,good and spicy! matket st. Mocha martini is really good,both drinks have a good lil kick.Seriously went in here thinking this was an okey-dokey diner and we'd get some eggs and hash brown. Instead, we walk in and its swanky 1940s. Adorable!!
We were seated promptly in a (leather?) upholstered room and get served a strawberry slushy to do something to our palate....
In the mood for eggs, I got a BLT omelette that was great and also had a bowl (!) of coffee.
Service was great and the atmosphere had me 100% tickled.I had the great pleasure of attending a publisher's dinner here, and had a truly delightful time.  The decor was charming.  The beet salad simple, but delicious.  The seared tuna was absolutely fabulous...even my friends who do not like fish or sushi admitted it was tasty.  And the little tiny desert cups were to die for.  The wait staff were attentive and friendly.  An excellent place for a group outing!I have been to this Continental multiple times.  The food and service has always been fabulous.
I went last night with my boyfriend.  We started off with a pitcher of 21st Amendment Hell or High Watermelon.  Mmmmmm.  $29 is pricy for a pitcher of domestic (especially considering the German beers are considerably cheaper), but I love it so we had to have it.
We always order the lobster mashed potatoes and the Korean pork tacos.  THEY ARE BOTH DELCIOUS.  And last night we thought we'd try some new things and also ordered the cheesesteak eggrolls.  ((They were also really good.))
The reason, however, that I am giving this restaurant ONE star and will not be back for a very long time -- if ever again -- is due to the hygiene of the restaurant and its overall lack of hospitality management or customer service "skills."  
My boyfriend and I had both polished off the tacos and moved along to some lobster mash (let me reiterate: MMMMMMM with capital M's).  Then I branched off and tried an eggroll.  When I'm reaching for more lobster mash I realize there is a long, nappy, curly hair buried in there.  Or maybe not buried but actually hanging from the potatoes off the side of the plate.  The manager had been over a few seconds prior and we had told her everything was fine.  After finding the hair, I immediately called her back over.  She apologized and asked if we wanted more.  My appetite was gone at this point but the lobster mash IS delicious so I told her to pack one up to go.
My server, Kendall, came back over and asked if we wanted any more drinks or dessert to which we both declined.  Afterwards, she told us that "in case we didn't know," the manager was taking the lobster mash off the check.  Ummm...Thank God?  I really had thought this would be a given.  Unfortunately for Kendall, this really just made things worse.  Honestly, all I wanted was an apology.  Regardless of if she had anything to do with the hair being in the food or not, an apology should have been the first thing she said to me.  Do I want to order dessert?  IS IT FREE?  No?  Ok then, fuck off.
When the fresh lobster mash came out we also got the check.  All that was taken off was the lobster mash.  Not even a round of the several that we had.  No free dessert.  No further apologies.
I found it hard to believe that a Stephen Starr restaurant could be so cheap when it came to reimbursing diners who have had a negative experience.  I mean poor service is one thing but when I'm actually sickened and frightened at the thought of eating more of their food, I draw the line.  Understandably the lobster mash is taken off the check, but with that hair comes the idea that I now don't want to eat any of the entire plate of eggrolls I still have left and can't even consider ordering dessert.  If the issue had been handled more effectively and in a manner which truly takes hospitality into account, I wouldn't be writing this today.  
Hair in the food -- Strike 1
Insufficient apology -- Strike 2
Cheap reimbursement -- Strike 3
Continental Old City -- Yooooou'reeee outtttaaaa herrrrrre!!!Excellent burger. Perfectly cooked flavorful, thick Patty. Spinach ravioli was wonderful.  Good service too. A winner.I love their food, from appetizers, to desserts. The place is very casual and the people are friendly and attentive. The drinks are awesome even though sometimes I feel they are not consistent in the way they make them (sometimes they feel stronger than others). 
The only bad thing I can say about their service is that sometimes when they are busy, they will not care about bringing you the food in a proper order (appetizers, followed by the main course etc), and they will bring it all at once if you don't tell them not to. 
One of my favorite items there are the string fries, and the lobster mac and cheese.The Continental was a pleasant surprise that I stumbled onto after a night out across the street watching the spandex attired nightmare parade itself around at Blue Martini. We were just looking for some grub and were not expecting such an eclectic mix of tastes on the Continental menu or the interesting cocktail menu. We really liked the Asian shrimp po boy, the lettuce wraps, Ahi tuna tartare, and the Buffalo-style soft shell crab. Yum yum. The cocktail menu is a very interesting mix of retro and funky recipes.I had my wedding rehearsal dinner at the Continental in Old City last month and it was the absolute best evening! I booked the venue without visiting the restaurant before and I was so glad that I did! The food was exceptional (and so fun and unique), the drinks were very creative and did not disappoint, and the staff was so accommodating and wonderful. We had 60 guests in the back room (the cocktail room) for a seated dinner and the space fit us comfortably. I would highly recommend reaching out to Starr Restaurants and booking your next special event at the Continental in Old City!Love continental! Really innovative tasty dishes. My personal favorites are the french onion soup dumplings and the tuna steak with mushroom risotto. Awesome atmosphere. Always leave very very satisfied. It's a must try!In Philly for the night, staying near Market St.  Menu looked okay, so we went in.  Quite noisy.  We were greeted and seated promptly, and blessedly in a back room, much quieter.  We eschewed the funkier menu items and went for the burgers.  I have to say, they were magnificent burgers!  The meat was juicy and flavorful, no off tastes, very fresh.  The shoestring fries were very good.  My husband substituted a salad, it was chopped (the way we prefer), and also very tasty.  I have no complaints.  All the food being served to other tables looked terrific, and I wouldn't hesitate to go back next visit to the city.Amazing service and a great chill atmosphere. You must try the lobster Mac n cheese, it's cheesy enough without being too heavy like most Mac n cheeses tend to be. The cheesecake is amazing, too. If you're in Old City you should give them a try.Love this place, prices are reasonable, cocktails are fun and strong.  This place reminds me of "Rat-Pack" meets diner with the olive-themed light fixtures.  The waiter warned me that the portions were 'tapas' sized and I expected such.  My fries arrived, and it was the biggest mound of potato product I had ever seen.  (Two very butch lesbians next to me offered $20 to watch me finish the whole thing and I failed).  The noodles were a huge meal that I could not finish either.  Is this a Philadelphia thing?  What is considered 'tapas' is bigger than most entrees in my hometown of Manhattan.  Can't say I complain.Nice place! We looked for some time for a place with an interesting menu that wasn't overly expensive. Was referred here and it was great! Had the chicken and waffles, Korean Taco and Lobster Mac and cheese. Would come back if we were in Atlantic City.Seemed pretty generic to me just going off the Yelp page and even the physical inside/outside of the restaurant but I was pleasantly surprised by the food and the service! I really enjoyed my Philly cheesesteak egg rolls and would definitely recommend them! My friend had the lobster Mac and cheese which was good too. Our server patiently waited for us to make our selections and even brought my friend a virgin drink that I don't believe was on the menu. Nice place!nice place to sit outside and people watch. 
The food was ok, I honestly can't remember what I had but I know it wasn't terrible...I've have always loved Continental, their brunch on weekends is great too, but last time I was there with my brunch buddy, The coffee was Sooo Extremely strong, nothing toned it down, though some like their coffee REALLY strong , good god, might as well been coffee grounds..lol.But still like it there for dinner , may still go back , crossing my fingers coffee isn't like straight coffee ungrounded.Cute diner look on the outside and we enjoyed a good brunch here one day.  Nothing too exciting - omelettes some pancakes, coffee, water, bacon.  Service was very prompt, the food was all good and it was reasonably priced.  Absolutely no complaints, and nothing much more to say other than that!We ate here after a play at the Arden Theater.  It is only one block South of the theater so on a freezing cold day it was a no brainer for lunch.  The kids split a hamburger and we shared the turkey burger and brussel sprout salad.  
The kids burger was undercooked even though we asked for well done, so they just ate the edges...but they loved the fries!  Our burger was much like a Greek gyro, just in hamburger shape.  The salad was good...very different. 
We did not get drinks other than teas and soda, but I do love their Astronaut martini when I am kidless and in the area.
They offer a discount for seeing a play at the Arden, which was a bonus we didn't know about.  
Overall good place for a quick lunch or drinks with friends.*Ring Ring*
Karen: "Hello?"
Nadja:  "Hey Karen? GUESSWHAT?IMINPHILLYINYOURHOODISNTTHATTOTALLYSOCOOL?WHERESHOOULDIGOWHATSHOULDIDO?  
Karen: "Hey girl what? WHATTHEHELLAREYOUDOINGINPHILLY??? First, go to whawahwahwhawhawhawhawhwahwhahwhwahawh 
Then, whawahwahwahwahwahwhawhawahwhawhahwahwhaha
Oh and DO NOT GO TO THE LIBERTY BELL. ITS FOR CHOADES.  
Well, Karen-Baby, your former housemate is in fact a Chode.  I went to Olde Town cuz I wanted to see some history 'n shit...
But first, a Bloody Mary with Brunch.
Continental was the only menu that an extremely normal eater (me) and a picky-assed vegetarian (my boyfriend) could agree on.  
Maybe I'm a little weepy and sensitive because its been a tough week and New York is kicking my ass, but I was feeling some serious brotherly love at this restaurant. They have a friggin COAT CHECK!  the hostess took our effing coats when she seated us and brought the claim tickets to the table!!!  How cool is that?  
The food and service were fast, thorough, pleasant and really good.  I don't have a negative thing to say about Continental.  Well, except that $8.50 for a bloody mary is a little steep, don't cha think?  And $3.00 for coffee?  People need coffee at brunch like they need air; bring the price down yo.
You're lucky Philly.  Don't take Continental for granted.The decor is creative, but the food lacks flavor, and my friend was charged for her salad after finding a long hair in it! Disgusting! She was brought another one, but it took another ten minutes and she was not accommodated. 
I ordered a grilled chicken sandwich and side salad. They don't have ranch dressing, so I got the house vinaigrette, which is essentially just oil. The salad was like eating chopped up iceberg lettuce from Subway. The sandwich was on a "baguette", which was actually a soft roll that tasted like a hotdog bun. There was no sauce on the sandwich, just chicken, I think spinach, and cheese. It was completely bland. When I asked for honey mustard to put on it, I was not surprised to find that they don't have that either or any sauces, really. I barely touched my food, which was overpriced to begin with. We were extremely disappointed.I will have to say this is an interesting place to go eat, at least once. I'm not sure I would want to go here more than once.
The food was quite tasty however it is quite expensive.
For example, two very small crabcakes, about the size of golf balls were $18.
I will say all of the food that was ordered did taste good, but I think it is just overpriced.
Of course, the Decor is very interesting and the overall feel of the place is good. My thoughts are that the prices are a bit high for the amount of food one gets.Went for brunch. Ordered the mushroom omelette with (I cannot remember what kind but it was slightly out of the ordinary for an omelette) cheese. It was cooked perfectly. The potatoes that came with it were the perfect texture, crispy not mushy. I enjoyed the onions and seasoning on them as well. I'd order this again in a second.Pretty typical tasting food. The wings were ok, but the drinks were awesome! We come here often and the service and drinks are consistently good.I enjoy the Continental in CC much more. It's my first time at this location and the wait has been horrendous for food. We ordered two Greek turkey burgers, waited 45 minutes, to have the people next to us (who came after us) receive their food, eat it all, and pay. Almost an hour and still no food.
I'm not sure what was happening in the kitchen, but as well, our waiter never spoke to us before we mentioned it, forgot some items, and never refilled our water.My co- workers and I ventured to Philly for a business trip. A quick search of Yelp yielded a restaurant that what was right up my alley. Due to the adventure it took for us to get there my supervisor exclaimed " this food better be worth it". In a nutshell it was.
The Continental is a cute modern diner that doesn't serve traditional diner food if that makes sense. Instead of your traditional comfort foods you'll see modified versions such as the lobster mac and cheese made with gueyre and orzo which we had to try. 
The dishes are all brought to the table as they are prepared to encourage sharing.  In addition to the lobster mac and cheese we also tried the Korean BBQ tacos, spring rolls with crab and avocado and Thai chicken skewers.  All of we which were delish.
If you're in the area stop by.Some friends and I walked into Continental later at night seeking both good food and shelter from the cold. The experience we had there was more than we expected. Not only does Continental have impeccable service (my glass never went empty- someone would come around and fill it so quickly and so promptly that I would not even notice), but also it has some amazing food selections. As it was our first experience at the restaurant, the waiter explained to us that most of the meals were smaller and that because there were a couple of us we should buy a couple of dishes and split them up for the best experience. That advice allowed me to indulge in amazing szechuan fries that come perfectly seasoned, and fashioned almost like an art display at the center of the table; in fresh calimari with a delightful saffron aioli sauce and in the best octopus that I have ever had! The octopus was perfectly seasoned, (with just the right amount of tenderness) and seemed almost to melt on the tongue, spicing up the palate with an extraordinary taste.
My experience was wonderful and I highly recommend eating at the Continental if you want an experience to remember.The great food is comparable to it's midtown brother, though I prefer the decor there more than here, but that's a middling difference.  This place gets five stars though because of the great service we got during a large group trip there.  I imagine large groups are always a pain to deal with, but our waitress and servers were gracious and friendly and helpful.i like the martinis and the Buzz Aldrin from the drink menu. the decor and location can't be beat either. the plates are pretty good, but for some reason i've always ended up getting that mountain of fries even though after you and yours have plowed through about 1/30th of it it becomes waaaaay too much french fry. try the calimari! 
service has been great every time i've been, also.
(fyi--the Continental at the Pier in AC is a disapointment in comparision)I really like your restaurants. I generally tell people that you're a great restauranteer, and with the number of new places that you open up seems that the general public seems to agree. But I have a few questions.
First, why don't you think beer is important? I mean, when the best thing at the Continental is Anchor Steam, it's kind of a bummer. Not that I didn't enjoy it, but it was slightly overpriced and really the only decent option. You definitely focus more on the food, but I think you could stand to do both. Is your next venture a beer bar? I wouldn't be surprised.
Second, what's up with the Continental. Maybe the question should be what's up with me, becuase I don't seem to like this place as much as everyone else seems to. The food seems overpriced, the portions are small, and the food is decent, but nothing more.
I'll admit, you've cultivated a really cool swanky diner feel where the point is for everyone to share a bunch of dishes and enjoy themselves. Your servers are great, and overall, this isn't a terrible place. I just don't see any reason why I'd ever come back. There is definitely one shining menu item, the shoestring fries.  It's pretty sweet that you can get a heaping pile of decent fries for under $4, with crazy hot mustard in toe. Honestly, if there was some decent beer, I'd stop by for a drink and some fries all the time.
Bottom Line: You're doing a great job. I just think that this place isn't your strongest effort. I'm guessing it's a lot better with a larger group, six to eight seems ideal. This also seems like an ideal people watching spot. As for food and and service, you continue to operate under the "Starr Standard" (I just coined that, how about some kickback?).Went for a late day dinner/snack on a Sunday and really enjoyed the experience.  Fish tacos and wasabi mashed potatoes were delish and the atmosphere was a cool mix of retro with trendy.The place is cute.....The hostesses nice.....The food taste good...but portions are small and kinda pricey. I got Filet Mignon and Wasabi Mashed Potatoes....tasty....just glad I wasnt starving when I went.....I went to both this one and the rittenhouse one within two weeks of each other.  Happy hour in Old City, food was decent but the service was terrible.  Now don't get me wrong, the server/bartender was very sweet, but they were obviously understaffed.  Then the one in Rittenhouse I went for Friday night cocktails and the bartender was terrible.  I am not sure how you mess up a margarita with patron, grand mar, and sour in it, but she did... badly.  We choked down our 3 drinks that cost $50 and left with a very bad taste in our mouths.  The atmosphere on the roof was awesome!  But again, understaffed and well, the space was awkward because of the tightly packed seats surrounding the bar making it almost impossible to order drinks through people sitting.  Of all the steven starr restaurant I have been to, this was by far the worst one.  I think the food was very good, but the management here apparently does not know what they were doing.  I'm sure I'll go back and give it another try, but for the issue both times at both locations to be "staff issues", it makes me think the restaurant could be amazing if they just fixed their front of the house issues. 
Summary:  Good food, decent prices. Drinks... whoever bartends at Jones needs to come teach the rittenhouse location a thing or two.I love their eggs florentine for brunch with a side fruit salad. Love the brunch more than the dinner. Retro decor.
Fish and Chips:
http://static.flickr.com/53/145590668_7976d8332d_m.jpg
Spinach Ravioli:
http://static.flickr.com/54/145590669_05647d9059_m.jpgBeen there twice.  Once for dinner with the fam - really good tappas dishes (I have a hard time saying "tappas", without sounding like I'm saying "topless") and excellent service.  Also went for breakfast and had these amazing waffles with maple syrup and granola.  For any meal there, be prepared to spend $15-20 per person w/o drinks.Fun Fact: This is Steven Starr's first establishment.  
I came here yesterday evening for a few drinks and possibly food depending on how we felt.  There was a gang of people standing and blocking the door but a hostess manages to find us and greets us.  We were looking for a seat at the bar when we were pointed to go to the back bar because it had just opened for the night.  The bartender was nice and prompt.  We ordered martinis and an old fashioned.  Her martini was a nice serving size but I gotta say the size of my old fashioned was not what I was expecting.  It looked like the size of shot glass.  I mean seriously!! I can't get a decent sized tumblr glass.  It was like a fat thimble!!  With that being said that was my only complaint.  Was the serving size of my glass.  I've been to other places that have given me bigger serving options.  
We stay and ordered the mexican pizza and I gotta say it was delicious!!  It was just what we need to fill up our bellies.  
I really don't have much to say. The service was good the food was good just the size of my drinks were below my standards.  It was my first time at this Continental I usually go to the one in Midtown.After walking around aimlessly looking for food we decided to stop in The Continental. From the outside, it appears this place could be a diner and that's what we thought but we were very surprised when we walked in. The dishes were upscale for sure and to this day, it was one of the best meals I've eaten.I really, really, really wanted diner food.  This looks like a diner and has some diner food on the menu, but the prices don't scream 'diner' to me...four dollars for a cup of coffee...not like any diner I've ever been to.  
My server recommended the eggs florentine as I was looking for non-meat dishes, so I figured I would try it.  I'm not usually a fan of this dish yet it was calling my name.  It was actually very good!   The hollendaise was buttery and there was a good amount of spinach to make me feel like it was healthy while being unhealthy.  
The home fries were okay, but nothing to write home about.  
The coffee wasn't my style - had a very strange aftertaste.  For $4.00 I was at least hoping for a refill, but didn't get it.  Boo-urns.
Service was great and the atmosphere was just fine, so I really do think this place is A-OK.  I just really hoped for diner prices and diner coffee, so, I guess I'm learning to expect the unexpected.Popped in here one afternoon, I used to live right down the street so this was always a go-to place for a quick bite.  The service is always spot on, the food is always good, and the drinks as well.  The thing that I like about Continental is that they have dishes that are huge and filling and they have others that are lighter meals and not as heavy.  We were in on a Sunday afternoon and got some chicken skewers, the korean port tacos, and a side of the potato casserole.  This was perfect for the 2 of us, we also got some coffee and a few drinks that were all very good.  I definitely like this location over the one in Center City because it feels a bit more intimate and comfortable.  Definitely stop in for a bite if you are in the area.It was absolutely amazing!
The special martinis are great, especially the astronaut (the signature/popular drink). 
The food was fast and good. Between myself and friends, we had the shrimp and calimari, the burger and the cheesesteak egg roll... All of it was absolutely amazing. The staff were fun, but they didn't check up on us very often. 
Great decor, lovely location and great overall experience! I would definitely go again to try out more on the menu!Had the cheesesteaks eggrolls, Shoestring fries and wonton noodles were excellent. The place can get a little loud, but great food. No kids menu. Visited based on yelp reviews and would agree with other reviewers.  The place is small, so you might have to wait for a table depending on when you arrived.  I wish I had more time this trip to make another trip back for a second meal.Haven't been to a Continental in quit some time. I've only been to the one in Center City but the boyfriend & I wanted to try this place instead.
The inside is much smaller but I would say they have more outdoor seating.
We were seated inside very quickly and our waitress came and spoke with us not long after. It did not take her long to take our orders or for the food to come out but it did take some time to get the check.
I don't remember the menu being so small and .. not interesting.
We started off with HUMMUS and PITA: grilled pita, extra virgin olive oil and cucumbers which I thought was pretty good. They give you a lot of pita bread and they we nicely crispy and warm.
I ordered the LOBSTER MAC n' CHEESE: orzo, gruyere and fontina. I remembered really really liking this the other times I went and would crave it sometimes but after this time, I don't think I will. Nothing against how they made it but my taste buds have probably changed. I am not a fan of orzo; but I really like the breadcrumbs they put on top.
I don't know if we will be coming back. Their atmosphere is alright, our waitress was very friendly and I do really like their lights but right now we're not that interested; maybe if there was a new menu later on.Although this location is the original I prefer the Midtown brother.  Based mostly on the ambience- the front room is fun, trendy, warm and inviting while the back room feels sterile, as if you're dining in a hospital cafeteria.  
I also don't love that the menus are different- I prefer the Midtown selection. With that said, I've never had a bad dish here and the cocktails hit the spot! It just wouldn't be my go to Starr locale.Do the mexican pizza and the strawberry fields, lots and lots of strawberry fields and mexican pizzas. Bring in massive groups of people and only order strawberry fields and mexican pizzas. The strawberry fields and mexican pizzas pair really well together. Order several at a time, because one isn't enough. You work hard, treat yourself to the Mexican Pizza and 5 Strawberry Fields martinis.This is both mine and my wife's favorite restaurant in the entire city! Theresa the hostess is so awesome and friendly. She help make our 1st wedding anniversary special! The food is always on point. Always... The buttered rum here is my favorite drink of all time. The staff usually remembers us which is quite nice. The busser is always on top of clean up. Just an over all fantastic place to eat.Friendly bartenders, awesome cocktails, yummy dessert. I tried a Fruit n Honey and Sloe Gin Fizz, and both were awesome. The chocolate mousse for dessert was fantastic too! Thumbs up.Atmosphere:  great.  The place is always full of people.  Not too loud.
Decor:  depends on your taste.  I like the interesting diner feel. 
Food:  OK.  The salads are good.  Miso soup is good.  Rolls and dumplings tend to be dry, so stay away.  Desserts are great.
Alcohol:  limited and expensive selection of beer.  Not sure about anything else.
Price:  for what it offers this place is expensive.
Overall, I would not come back for dinner, but would hit up the penthouse for drinks.this was the best chilean seabass i have every had! great portion sizes and the atmosphere was unlike anything ive ever seenAs others have written, this place is primarily a place for drinks and I was there with my friend for an early lunch, so my review is a little skewed based on that. They might be amazing for drinks, but for lunch they're fairly standard for a diner. Everything was definitely tasty and I had no complaints about the food; my only really significant issue is the prices seemed a little too full of themselves for what you get. $3 for an iced tea, really? My friend complained that her turkey club had too much mayo, but my barbecue chicken quesadilla was good.The Stephen Starr legend began here, and when you think how bright that star's become, you'd have to imagine he began with a success. The Continental is that success. Our dining experience at The Continental in Old City Philadelphia was one for the record books. The retro vibe ushers you into a little corner booth, a 60s-themed diner with postmodern design; and the service keeps you seated in style and comfort. Compared to the incredibly rude wait staff at the adjacent Revolution House (see my review), The Continental was a whole new world. 
I understand that some of the disappointed reviews stem from the hype. I don't mean to build this up to a standard to which it can't live up; however, Continental is one of the most unique restaurants in Philly, not just in terms of setting but also in terms of food. The Szechuan shoestring fries and the French Onion soup dumplings with gruyere served as our starters. Both were phenomenal and highly recommended. 
For the main course, the four people in our group split several medium and large size entrees, including the Cheesesteak Eggrolls and the Shrimp Po' Boys. The Shrimp Po' Boys were ordered on the recommendation of our waitress and to be honest, they were the biggest disappointment of the meal. If you avoid the Po' Boys and some other mediocre options - like the Rad Na Thai Chicken, based on the look of it - I think you'll have a wonderful time at Continental. 
On a final note, the mixed drinks were all-around...famous. They have earned the word-of-mouth lore that surrounds the martinis, bourbons, and mojitos. I had an Old Fashioned with top shelf bourbon, bitters, and extracted orange juice. It may not be the best Old Fashioned I've ever had, but it's definitely up there. 
The Continental is one of the Philadelphia Standards, a worthy high note in the melody-line of the Philadelphia food scene. That melody is loud at times and even cacophonous, but there are times when the tune is distilled down to a memorable series of notes and chords. From Amada to Han Dynasty to Continental, that tune carries on unimpeded and wonderfully fulfilling. A roundup of the necessary restaurant stops on a 3-day tour to Philadelphia would undoubtedly include The Continental, for its originality, quality, and service.Went for brunch on an early Saturday afternoon. Had two dogs with us. Our waitress gave each pup a pat on the head, and brough a dish of ice water for them. We were very appreciative. LOVED my brioche french toast. Service was quick, but not rushed.I used to come here quite often for champagne-o-ramas, which are glasses of champagne in orange sugar rimmed flutes. YUM! Gets a little crowded at night with a bit of the yuppie set, but fun nonetheless.
I came for lunch the other day. Miso soup was good, but I wish there was a smaller sized option available because it's just too much to eat unless you're getting it as your entire meal. But I wasn't. Know why? Cheesesteak eggrolls - fucking delicious! Insanely delicious! Deep fried cheesesteak... how can you go wrong? They bump this three star place up to four stars. 
Our waitress seemed like she needed a bit of coffee. Maybe it was her first day? She introduced herself and then she was so out of it that when she walked away, my friend said "Ok, XXXXX (no need to embarrass her publicly), wake up, it's 1 pm and it's January 2nd". Then she dropped a glass, poor thing. Or maybe it's because the Continental seems to hire people for their looks. Everyone in there IS nice to look at.... and people that pretty must be stupid. Or mean. Or just bad waitresses. Or none of the above.I ran into this fine establishment on a recent trip to Philadelphia. I didn't research it on Yelp (I know sacrilege) and just walked into it as it was the first restaurant I saw on the street and I was hot and hungry.
Happily, I can say that randomly walking into this place paid off. The food selection was good, but more importantly the drink selection was excellent.
I will give this place high marks for atmosphere, great service, and like I said before great drinks and good food.
The place seems to be busy at all hours though at night on the weekends it seems to be one of the places to go.Love this place. The food is great (lobster mac and cheese for the win), the drinks are tasty and the vibe is old school cocktail lounge. They didn't quite get my Vodka Gimlet on the rocks order perfect but it was really good anyways AND it was a huge pour. Would have gotten 5 stars if they brushed up on the classic cocktails. I will go back.My girlfriends and I went here for some pre-dinner drinks. We sat at the bar "in the back" (how fun!) and had a great experience. The bartender was incredibly friendly and attentive. I don't recall her name (maybe Jessica? She had some awesome classic tattoos), but she was great. Drinks were a decent price too. The atmosphere was perfect for pre-dinner drinks. Would definitely go back especially if all of the staff was like her! Next time I'm home I'll most likely head here if I'm in Old City.This is a staple for me; whenever I have a newcomer to the area; I take them here.
My musts:
Barbecue Chicken Qusadillas
French Onion Dumplings
Lobster Mac and Cheese
Astronaut Martini
coffee
Other fav's:
Lobster Mashed potatoes
hummus
Korean Pork Taco's.
I tend to stuff myself so I never get deserts; but the one time we had a dessert that was a special (not regular menu) something with marscapone and blackberries; it was amazing.Love this place love this place the service is always spectacular the food is excellent and I think that the food is relatively cheap for a five star restaurant the drinks and Cocktails yes they are expensive but there are deals sometimes if you know what to ask for so I like that there are things that are let's say off the menu that are available and really really good nothing bad to say about this place I love everything about this place for a long time now and I've had some wonderful times here no doubt about it and I hope to have more wonderful times here.
But a word of warning: if you're going to send a bottle of champagne over to a pretty girl at the bar make sure she is not on a date things could go very badly very quicklyAnother Stephen Starr win for us! The food was delicious of course from apps to dessert. I got the lettuce wraps which I loved and they were able to accommodate me as a vegetarian and do tofu wraps instead of the traditional chicken. Delicious!! And we also split the hummus platter, also yummy. The ambiance is cool, the staff is accommodating and it's in an easy to access location for street parking.This was my favorite restaurant when I lived in Philadelphia. The martinis are top-notch. I love all of Starr's restaurants, but this one takes the cake. It does get rather crowded by Philadelphia standards, and I prefer this one to the one in Midtown. The 60s feel works without being cheesy. Definitely try the grilled octopus!LOVE this place! Been here twice. I like the ambiance, the retro feel of the place. I like how the top floor is quite different from the bottom floor, but still cool in a groovy way.  I sat in the swing chairs, which were fun.  Drinks are creative and many have candy. I guess since I'm such a girly girl, I really enjoyed the menu- especially the drinks and desserts ;).  Would come back here again and again!if you are just going to grab a quick drink - i suggest the strawberry fields cocktail with a balsamic rim.  might seem strange at first thought but it was greatMy mother and I were in town for a show at the Arden and had dinner at The Continental beforehand. Our server was extremely understanding of my food allergies and went so far as to write down the six foods I needed to avoid and checked with the manager and chef to determine what on the menu was safe for me to eat. He then provided me with a number of options to choose from. Even though I'm no longer able to enjoy their  amazing wasabi fries or their decadent desserts, I thoroughly enjoyed my meal and the experience. I don't eat out often as it's difficult for me and for restaurants to accommodate but The Continental Restaurant and Martini Bar made it easy. Thanks to the entire staff.i went here with friends saturday night. as i mentioned before, i had only ever been here for brunch, and i wanted to check out the after-dinner scene. the lights are dimmed, the music is hip/trendy but not loud or oppressive. the martinis are obviously fantastic. the glasses are normal sized, not the giant fishbowl sized ones seen in most restaurants. and you get the shaker so you can enjoy every drop of your drink. the bartender was busy but had enough time to give the phillies' score to the guys and tell me about a tequila i hadn't heard of before. 
it's official. i love the continental, no matter what time of day. and seriously, strawberry basil! (i think the martini is called "strawberry fields.")This place was nice. I met up with a friend of mine from childhood and she highly recommended thus place. Everything on the menu looks great. I ordered the continetial salad with chicken which was excellent. The prices are in the moderate range. The staff are super nice.and.friendly. it's a decent place for.kids too, which is good. It was nice.to hit.up this place for something different then a cheese steak for a.change of.pace :~)Originally my friend and I came here because she designed the menus.  From the outside it almost looks like just another diner, however I was pleasantly surprised by the retro decor and the olive theme.  We only stayed for cocktails and appetizers.  I first ordered the Acai-Pirinha which was a perfect mix of sweet and liquor.  We then moved on to try the peking duck spring rolls, which were just as expected and like any ordinary spring rolls, but the most impressive dish we had were the scallops in habanero-pumpkin chimichurri which was absolutely fabulous.  I couldn't stop eating the sauce that came over the scallops.  
It seemed unusually empty for a Saturday night, but that's probably because it was close to 1AM.  I would love to come back here for brunch one day.  I was also surprised to see more expensive than New York prices for their cocktails.