Decided to grab an early dinner on a Friday night. We were looking for something new to try. Excited to have it in our neighborhood as it provides something very different from most of the Manayunk/Roxborough eateries. Friendly and attentive staff. Food was unique and tasty. We look forward to making our way thru the menu of this neighborhood gem. However, the bench seating wasn't my husband's favorite; wasn't comfortable for him to sit for very long. We'll be back though!Delicious!!! We had the Wasabi Wings, Beef Bulgogi Tacos and Jerk Chicken Nachos one was better than the other. Beer selection was great and served cold to boot. This local cozy cool spot was awesome. I'm almost afraid to tell you guys in fear I will have to wait long for a table. No fears, the bars area is nice too.They need to work on the service training. It took a really really long time to get our food and drinks. They also forgot a few orders. This fusion concept is really good. But the watered down drinks and slow service is what preventing me from coming back or recommending this place.First off the food is really really good..... 
However the the portions and the price leaves room for improvement.Not worth it.  I wanted to like this place.  We have been here twice, both experiences were disappointing.  Terrible service, cold food, and inconsistent food. Some flavors have been good (e.g- jerk chicken seasoning, salsa) the beer selection is decent and I appreciate what they are trying to do but overall not worth the price or time.Great new fusion restaurant. Hidden but super wonderful with a large seating area and delicious menu. Also great coffee. 
Had the chicken with waffles and it was a fun twist.Who is writing the reviews?
I love trying out new places and after hearing people rave about this place I thought me and the wife would go and check it out. 
Well unfortunately we were greatly disappointed. 
First, the place is extremely small. 
Second, the food was not that great for the price paid. I paid over 30 dollars for 5 dumplings that had way to much clove in the them. It felt like we were eating straight clove sticks. 
Third, the size or portion of the fries was very small and the pork belly that I had added to it was very fatty and chewy. 
Fourth, I ordered the soy glaze wings and although they had a good flavor the breading was soggy and it wasn't a little crunchy or firm at all. 
Unfortunately we were disappointed. I have had Jerk/Island food on the islands and also Korean and this place is not good at all.Great Korean and Jamaican fusion in the Manayunk area of Philly.  Much more Brooklyn than philly but that's a good thing.  Small and intimate but great service and food.  It is a great hidden spot.Not impressed. The drinks are weak and the food is inconsistent. Pineapple guac, jerk chicken wings and TSB nachos were good. Lettuce wraps and jerk chicken dumplings took an hour to get and were not tasty at all. Overall it took a long time to get service and food. The staff were friendly, but overworked. Things seemed disorganized/ chaotic. Our waitress was sweet and that's why 2 stars, otherwise the experience was blah. Would not go back.They are going through some growing pains. The wait was a little long and by the time we got our tacos they were a little cold but the taste was amazing! We'll be back!We walked in on a quiet Sunday... Buut It still took 30 mins to get our food.  I got jerk wings but they were actually buff wings.  The waitress warned me about that but it was okay i figured it was going to be spicy anyway so I went for it. It was $11 so I figured I'd get their version of the usual 7 or 8 Buffalo wings you get around the city. wrong.. I paid 11 bucks for three wings. Oh and it had Frank's red hot on it, Yay. 
Lol 
In addition to my wings, I Ordered a side of plantains. Plantains were $4. Looking at the menu, I thought not unreasonable... Until I got the dish and it consisted of 5pieces of plantains lol almost a dollar a slice. Do yaself a favor. Save your money.Wow! I am in love with this place. We went on a Friday night and were seated promptly. Throughout our time there, all of the servers we interacted with were wonderful, friendly, nice and seemed to genuinely enjoy their jobs. 
We started with a couple of happy hour priced drinks - they have a delightfully tropical cocktail list. We tried the rasta punch and it was yummy. Decent draft beer list too. They also had a happy hour appetizer combo that we enjoyed. The cod fritters were amazing, and the wasabi wings were pretty good too. They also surprised us with a trio of complimentary sauces & sides. 
The music was equally as enjoyable as the food! Bob Marley, Peter Tosh, really chill reggae vibes. We weren't trying to rush our experience so we tried a second round of appetizers and got the beef patties which were wrapped in a puff pastry and served with jerk sauce. FIRE! It was an explosion of heat on my taste buds. I can't wait to go back for more of that stuff.
For entrees, we ordered the bulgogi bibimbap and a cuban sandwich. The bibimbap didn't have the crispy rice on the bottom of the stone bowl that I've come to love from other Korean establishments, but the flavor and combination of ingredients was on point! Comes with a fried egg on top which oozed perfectly all over everything. 
The Cuban sandwich was the only slight letdown of the evening. Pork belly is a hard thing to cook, and this was definitely overdone. Flavors on the sandwich were good, but the texture left something to be desired. 
All in all, the portion sizes were hearty and appropriate for the prices. Even though it's a neighborhood corner spot that you'd expect to be a dive, the inside is modernized and it was a good, casual & fun ambiance for date night. We had 4-5 drinks, 2 appetizers (plus some free ones), 2 entrees and tip for a little under $100. Well worth it and highly recommended!Great good great service I have no idea what some of these comments are about service is in point every employee in here goes above and beyond to make sure you have a great experience highly recommend!I really enjoyed the food; very fun and spicy flavor combinations, and the fries were incredibly crispy and tasty. Great happy hour drink specials too.
However, the service was less than stellar. My partner received her meal in less than 20 minutes, but I waited an hour on a very slow weeknight. When I asked about my meal, the only explanation I received was, "Sorry; mix-up in the kitchen."
A complimentary drink or something along those lines would have gone a long way in making up for my wait. That being said, I still recommend the Spicy Belly; just make sure you ask your server about your meal if you end up waiting more than 20 minutes.Love their food! It's so inventive and excellent quality. The staff and owners are very attentive and the vibe is relaxed.I went here with my wife for brunch on a Saturday. It was surprisingly not busy. They have a great variety of food options and unique cocktails. Definitely a secret gem for brunch. I just hope they can stay in business, so I can come back.Don't! Just don't! My sister and I were so excited to try this place. We had seen ads on Facebook and we scoped out the menu and it sounded amazing. We decided to come here for restaurant week which proved to be a huge mistake. It all started to go wrong once we ordered cocktails. Save your money! The cocktails were not only watered down but terrible. We decided to try the local wine. Again, save your money because the wine was so sweet it tasted liked grape juice. We finally went to a foolproof option and got beer. Now onto the food. We ordered chicken lettuce wraps and cod fritters to start. We had read that the cod fritters were great from past reviews.... they weren't. They were bland and tasted like tempura batter.
The chicken lettuce wraps were bland as well and the lettuce was too soggy to even hold the chicken in there. Again, it was bland. 
Now for the entrees. We got the bibimpop and the fried whole snapper. Again both dishes SUPER bland! The snapper was $10 extra by the way. It didn't even have salt or pepper and didn't come in a sauce so it was hard to eat. The bibimpop wasn't very tasty either. We requested more "spicy sauce" just so it was palatable. The flavor seemed off in an indescribable way. It wasn't authentic or pleasurable to eat. Our waitress asked us if we would like to take our leftovers and we quickly responded with a hard NO! 
Dessert time. They explained the dessert as a strawberry cake with a whipped topping. Seriously it was a god damn Betty Crocker strawberry cake with vanilla icing and it was delicious! Moral of the story is: save your money.
Go to the store and get a Betty Crocker strawberry cake with vanilla icing because that shit was da bomb!Seoul wings are the best. Spicy sweet and hella crunchy  & on Tuesday tacos are 3$ off I suggest the fish or chicken tacos. Or both  SO GOODThis place brought out the West Indian in me. Loved the decor and the Elder Mon drink was awesome. Wife and I got drinks while we waited for our party of 5. Good selection of craft beers too. When we were seated for dinner we got the seoul wings (must order this), and the jamaican dumplings (ok). We also got banchon which was really good (especially spicy eggplant). Fish tacos are very good andust order the bibimap with pork belly. It was so good i forgot to order 
Service was good. Waitress was very knowledgeable and pleasant. 
Just wish they had some crazy hot gojuchang scotch bonnet pepper sauce (throwing idea out there).Not only do they have an awesome draft selection, but the cocktails concocted are also phenomenal. The whole staff is genuine, personable, and noticeably work very hard. I haven't had the food, but after seeing the menu as well as the attentiveness of the staff, I plan on coming back! It was my first time here after passing by The Spicy Belly several times considering I live in the area, but I suggest that they keep on doing what they're doing!!Great experience! I never was a spice guy but this place does it right. An up and coming area of Philly with a young vibe but still has a family atmosphere inside. Food was excellent. Great blend of flavors. The soy ginger wings had a great flavor but could use more crunch!! Well done Jimmy and Jason!!The food was good but the service sucked.  The girl server we had gave us attitude from the moment we sat down. The food took an hour to come out. This place was small and not crowded so I'm not sure why it too so long.  Probably won't come back.I just had dinner here and frankly my party was disappointed in our meals. Except for the cod fritters (which were lacking in cod) and the jerk chicken dumplings (highlight of the dinner), the rest of our dishes were lukewarm. The Monday Bimbap came in a stone bowl that was not sizzling, not even warm. The flavor was bland. The fish tacos were room temperature and were drenched in sauce. The cubano sandwich was bland as well. The drinks were also disappointing. I had the melon cocktail and it tasted like water. The Rasta punch was unremarkable. The service was extremely slow. It was a Saturday night, so the place was busy. The staff was nice, polite, and apologetic for the delays. We will not be returning.Location:
Upon arrival, my girlfriend and I couldn't find the place right away since the sign was a bit hard to see. Also, it is all street parking.
The restaurant:
The interior was very unique and sported a very artistic and rustic feel to it. It's definitely a small restaurant and looks like it can't host a party of 4 or more. There are a lot of tables for 2 and one section towards the front that can sit about 3-4 people. There is also a bar where customers can sit. The walls had paintings/drawings all over it, making Spicy Belly unique. There was a coat hanger section for us to hang coats and hooks underneath the bar for any bags/purses.
People:
The owners of the restaurant are brothers and are both half Korean and Carribbean! One of them being the head chef! We talked with the bartender and she said the establishment was only openned about 2 weeks ago, which surprised us! Finally, the head chef came out and we got a chance to talk to him which was nice.
And finally...the food:
We ordered the "Breakfast Nachos" with the jerk chicken and the "K-town Hash". The food was phenomenal! The food was very tasty and they kept the "Korean-Carribbean" theme going! All the ingredients were obviously fresh and the food was definitely filling!
We recommend this place and hope you enjoy it as much as we did!Please don't go here... Promise I'm not being petty, I'm giving honest feedback. Came in with a reservation for 6 people on a Friday at 8:30. Told us they gave our table to another group of 6. It was 8:10. They remedied the situation quickly but that was the only quick thing about the night. Drink order 15 minutes, appetizers another 15. First drink to the table half hour in. Took our dinner order, we waited 1:15 minutes. Brought two of the same entree to the same person before another person at the table saw food. Wish I was kidding, outside of the tacos everything was cold. Table of two next to us received meals before us. Spoke to the manager, she said they were abnormally busy. Offered to comp us all of our meals and drinks. Backed out on that and instead charged us for appetizers and drinks. $100.... $100. Service was bad, food was bad, management was especially bad. Don't be fooled by the old reviews, find another option.The place exceeded our expectations. They have high quality of meats, wagyu and such, and it was worth the extra bucks. Do keep in mind they are pretty pricey for the area but if you're looking to splurge, I'd give it a go.  Love the decor and seating can fit big groups comfortably.Wasn't all that special. Menu was very inviting in terms of uniqueness but the flavors in the dishes lacked.Great new Korean and Jamaican fusion restaurant. Must try the fritters. I ordered the bimbap and was impressed. Portion size was great. They have an assortment of cocktails too. I was craving something fruity and the Rasta Punch hit the spot. Service is awesome. Ask for Julia to be your server. She will take care of you for sure!This is a good brunch spot. It is small, staff are friendly, design is cool, and food is good. It is probably also good for other meals - and we'll have to return to try more of the menu. 
We had the K-Town hash, but due to diet restrictions, had to get the pork belly on the side. ...but who cares? It's good on the side too! We couldn't really put our finger on the "side of kimchi" but the flavors were nice regardless. 
We also tried the shrimp and grits. The shrimp were really good. The grits seemed to be really lite on flavor and could have used a little kick overall. It is a nice concept - just seems to need a little more fire.
The coffee was good, and they made it a point to ensure it was always super hot. It is nice. 
The things we didn't try but drooled over were the chicken and waffles, and the nachos. These are simple and straightforward dishes, but this place seems to really add some flare to the food. 
We'll be back.Food was delicious! This place is quaint, clean, and super hip. Love the vibe and decor of the place. Gives you island vibes as soon as you walk in. The staff there were fairly new and couldn't help much with the menu new, however friendly and attentive. 
The brunch menu had plenty of options. Ordered the conch fritters, plantains, jerk chicken egg rolls, beef patty, chicken and waffle, shrimp and grits. Everything was cooked to perfection. Also enjoyed a passionfruit mimosa. They had bottomless mimosas for $16-19 but they were only about $5. Can't beat that. Prices were very reasonable. 
Throughout the dining experience they played a variety of reggae music which provided a great atmosphere. 
Will be back for dinner and brunch for sure. Great local spot, glad I found this hidden gem on yelp! Definitely a most visit even if you have to travel from distant, haven't been to a spot like it in the city.Best meal and experience in Manayunk/Roxborough area! We ordered the Kingston wings, shrimp curry, and jerk chicken tacos, everyone raved about their meal. The drinks were delicious and made to perfection.  Can't wait to go back.This restaurant is located in a residential area so parking wasn't great. The atmosphere was good and the drinks was great! I loved the chicken wings. However I wish they offered combination platters. The items on the menu sounded great and I wanted to try more things. Therefore, we had to purchase multiple items just to sample the food. Our waitress wasn't the greatest; she was a little slow with bringing things (straw, water) but she was very knowledgeable about the menu.  I would definitely recommend and return, just for the chicken wings and the drinks!I, as many of you were, was excited by the idea of a cool new food fusion in the Rox/Falls/Yunk area so I had to come check it out. But ultimately this place was a huge disappointment. 
So we got the roasted pineapple guac to start. The handful of chips were of the deep-fried flour variety, king of like burnt funnel-cake. Thick, doughy, over-cooked (read: burnt). The sparsity of the serving was only remedied by its lack of desirability. 
Guac itself was one to two quality points down from something you'd find at, say,  Chipotle. Bland, with a couple pieces of semi-charred pineapple smattered atop. 
Tacos were just ok. Not a ton of flavor, but not horrible. Main issue here was they were WAY skimpy and most definitely not worth the price. 
Service was awkward, hovery, and disingenuous. 
Only other people in there were off-duty staff just kinda loitering about.  
I give this place 6 months or so. Another area food spot completely missing the mark. Bummer.Chicken wings were underseasoned. Why do restaurants fail to season meat. The sauce alone is not enough. The bottled sauces were very good. In fact they are what my friends added to their goat and shrimp entrees respectively to give them taste. 
Staff were careless with hygiene: host kept putting hands in pockets, wiping upper mustached lip and while eating saw kitchen crew on cellphones, drinking beverages and not washing hands before coming, etc...
There are other reasons for a rating of 2. The restaurant has great potential, however.
The music was fantastic. I'm not sure I will go back.My husband and I tried The Spicy Belly this week, and it was wonderful! The food selection and quality is fantastic--we particularly enjoyed the bulgogi lettuce wraps.  The atmosphere was laid back and had great music.  The staff was incredibly attentive, between the manager advising us on what food to order, the bartender ensuring we got our drinks in before happy hour ended, and the owner/chef coming out to chat with us about his inspiration for the restaurant.  Definitely worth the trek from Main St!This place was just so disappointing, and I really really wanted to like it. The food is meh, not very flavorful, and not really fusion. I saw their ad on fb so I was very excited to try this Korean Jamaican fusion, two amazing cuisine types in 1 place - and better yet - in 1 dish. However, the menu offered like 2 or 3 fusion dishes and everything else was decidedly Korean, Jamaican, or Mexicanish other, and executed poorly at that. I would've given this place 3 stars as the food is not awful and the general vibe of the restaurant is cute, but the price was the final nail in the coffin. The apps are about $8-10, and the mains are $15-20. I paid $60 for a meal that taste like it should've been $20 at most. I had the jerk dumplings (not very jerk in taste, the best part was the sauce that came on the side), the codfish fritters (best part of the meal), pork belly tacos & fries (just all around not good), and the curry goat stew (mealy consistency, and tough meat).  The service was great, and the location is nice, but the owners really need to take another look at the menu and revise some things. I wouldn't go back, and I wouldn't recommend this place to a friend.The food was okay, but the service is terrible.
The waiter took 15 minutes till he asked us what we wanted to order even though we were the only customers present, forgot the order after three seconds, and took our plates away before we finished our food.Back at it!!! Love the food and drink choices. I love when they play Jamaican and Afro beat musicReally cute place with a nice outdoor seating area. We came here for drinks and appetizers one day and loved the cocktails. We ordered some kind of lettuce wraps for an appetizer and while the flavor was amazing, I was a bit disappointed at the portion size. The bartenders were also all very friendly and helpful when we were deciding what to order. Will definitely go back for brunch!The cocktails are inexpensive and tasty, they have a fun beer selection, and the food was ridiculously good. The bulgogi and jerk chicken cheesesteak are stellar. Our server was fantastic, really funny and helpful. A great addition to the neighborhood.I feel a little conflicted about my visit here for dinner and will likely have to update my review after visiting again. Overall right now I'd give them a 3.5. 
To start our server took awhile to first introduce herself and second take our order. I asked about the spiciness level of the jerk chicken tacos and asked to have the spicy sauce on the side to be safe. 
My bf and I shared the jerk mondu which were pretty good. He had the pork belly tacos which I tried and although I don't love pork belly, the taste was good and the arugula slaw on top was delicious. The salads that come with the tacos were also good. 
My jerk chicken tacos were so spicy I could not eat more than 1. The sauce was on the side as requested but I tasted it and it was not spicy at all. It seems the chicken (even though I love jerk chicken and have had it many times) was ridiculously spicy even for my bf who likes spicy food. I was pretty sad to have a plate of tacos that I could not enjoy eating. Since I asked the waitress about the spice level before ordering I would have appreciated that she inform me it wasn't the sauce that creates the intense spice (even though the menu says that). 
Basically I was just frustrated because I would have ordered something else had I known and would not be hungry one hour later. 
The banchon was nice and our waitress did regularly refill our waters so that's a plus. Overall, food came out fairly slow considering only 3 tables were occupied. Will have to try again and order something else!Decided to venture away from Main St on St Patrick's Day to avoid the noise. Service here was friendly. The decor was warm and inviting. The food was incredible. Jerk wings and the beef bun sliders were perfectly seasoned. I want to go back for the brunch menu so I can get brunch nachos! I will definitely be returning.What an adorable concept and place right in Roxborough / Manayunk area. They had a TON of drink specials for the game including many beers and unique cocktails. It was $0.50 wing day because of it being football Sunday so we had to take advantage of the Wasabi Wings which were PHENOMENAL! The jerk chicken dumplings were also AMAZING especially once you drizzle additional jerk sauce on top. They have brunch until 3:30pm Saturday and Sunday so we have the Stewed Shrimp and Grits and the Korean Seoul Chicken Wings and Waffles a shot. Both were REALLY FLAVORFUL! The grits were the perfect consistency and popping with flavor while the shrimp were also good I could tell they were frozen shrimp and not fresh. The waffle was oh so fluffy and flavorful and the chicken was BOMB! We will definitely be back to try a lot of the other fusion items on the menu (menus posted in pics) and to take advantage of other happy hours.The idea is great and the food will hopefully get there.  My biggest problem for why I only gave 3 stars was the rice.  Koreans and Jamaicans know how to make rice so why was this rice so starchy.  
I would go back and try the brunch, but until I hear the rice has changed, I will not return for dinner.My boyfriend heard about this new place and he seem very ecstatic to try because of the Korean + Jamaican fusion (he loves both cuisines). We finally got to try this place and honestly the food wasn't all that great. Plus it was a bit on the pricier side. Normally at other authentic Korean places, the banchan are served without additional cost but here we had to order each individual sides. ( a small side of kimchi is $4). For apps, we ordered the Kingston wings (7 pcs $11) and it was a little bit on the salty side but it was very tender. Also ordered the bulgogi lettuce wraps ($12) which was just alright.  The waitress recommended the mackerel fried fish (MP $28) which barely had any seasoning at all and I wasn't sure how it incorporated the "fusion" in this dish. I honestly tried to like the food. The cocktail drinks run about $8 but tastes like fruit juice with barely any alcohol. Our bill came up to be $90 with tips. Most likely won't be coming back because the price does not match the mediocre food. However, This is a new establishment that operated less than a year & I do believe that they can definitely improve and change some parts of the menu.I really wanted to like this place because I love both Korean and Jamaican food but unfortunately it's one of those places that I wouldn't really go to again. The workers are nice and the atmosphere is chill but the food just did not do it for me. I expected a fusion with two cultures that's known to have flavor that my food would be bursting with flavors but unfortunately it was just alright. I got the jerk chicken bimbap. First off, the jerk chicken is not jerk chicken lol idk what it was maybe baked with some black pepper but definitely not jerked. The rice and peas was good though thankfully but we had to ask for more rice because the initial amount they gave was just...no. The sauce that they gave for the bibimbap was definitely not gochugang I think that's what threw the taste off mostly. My boyfriend had the burger he said it was good but you can't really mess up a burger now can you. Originally I was gonna give 4 stars but I had to take off an extra star because there were flies in there and one landed in my plate and I had to stop eating. Overall, I think it's a good concept but they need to work on the flavoring.I think this place is more hyped up than it should be (it's appeared on those Facebook foodie group videos). I ordered the sesame ginger wings and they were flavorless. My friends ordered bibimbap and that was also subpar.It was such a creative meal. Slow night so you'll get plenty of service on a Thursday night. Cocktails are sweet so you want that spicy to go with it. We did enjoy the loaded fries with beef bulgolgi. Very different flavor and went well with the draft beers. We went with the jerk chicken, just enough heat but didn't slow me down. Was really surprised by the BBQ seitan. Good texture and very sweet. Will be attending the brunch and will come back again with more people.I was here on New Years Eve and I had a great time watching the ball drop.  The owner handed out noisemakers and 2017 hats to everyone. Food wise, I had the sampler platter as well as some drinks. The flavor of the food was out of this world - unique and absolutely delicious!!  The service was fast and friendly. If you like spicy food this is the spot for you!This place is a great idea and just opening. They got some pub on facebook so they are getting slammed, as such, the communication between the staff might be a little off as we had to flag someone down to take our order. And THAT is the end of the negative for me.
First off, the Kingston wings. These puppies were on POINT! great flavor and size. I also tried the nachos. Look people, these are a DIFFERENT type of nachos but dem bitches were good as hell. I just wish it came with even more, not that it was skimpy, they were just super good!
For dinner I got the Mo-Bay Bimbap with Bulgogi. Server came out with some side sauce and told us the complimentary picked sides could be placed in the Bimbap. I dumped all of that ish in! It was super tasty and the combination of spice and flavor was to die for.
I went with two other people who ordered the sliders and tacos. The tacos are very close to what you would expect for tacos, but very tasty. Came with a nice side sauce. The sliders however come in this asian bun that I have only had in china town and don't know what it's called. I can tell you that mofo is delicious as fawk though! So if you want some different type of sliders, these are worth trying.
They have a pretty good selection of beers and cocktails. The girls I was with got rasta punch which they seemed to like. Igot this funnel cake beer which was good. I don't drink much, but I would get it again.
Finally, the service. They were slow to take our order, but super nice when we flagged someone down. But the chef came out, the hostess bought over complimentary apps and made suggestion and the food and drinks were all served promptly. 
This is roxborough and not on main street, so it was so nice to find a place like this in the area. I went with two female friends last night and am taking my wife tonight as I feel she will LOVE this place. Also, i don't leave many reviews, so take that as a sign to def try this place out.Stopped at The Spicy Belly for brunch this morning. I'd been hoping to have some of the entree menu items, but those weren't available until 3:30pm. My girlfriend and I both ended up ordering the "K-Town Hash" which surprised us both with how much we liked it. We'll definitely be  back to try more of the food later.
I happen to have a severe food allergy and the staff handled that well, letting me know what items on the menu I could and couldn't have. My girlfriend also dislikes bell pepper and adjusting the food for her was not an issue.
Overall a great experience for the price and so close to home for me that I'm sure we'll make it a staple.glen kim's review was my review - didnt know I was signed in under his account. 
Again - please see below!
Service was amazing. Food was amazing. Drinks were amazing! 
We got the jerk chicken wings and seoul wings as an appetizer. Battered perfectly and fried perfectly. Sauce was awesome! 
Entrees we got the kale salad w/ jerk chicken, dak tori tong (Korean and Jamaican fusion chicken stew - would not recommend for people who can't handle spicy), I think the jerk chicken burger and bibimbap (assorted vegetables w/ rice in hot stone pot and our choice of meat which we chose to try the pork belly).
Prices are very reasonable and it is definitely a hole in the wall. I believe our server told us that the restaurant is fairly new (open sometime in the last 1-3 years).  Owners are brothers, half Jamaican and half Korean. 
Being Korean, I prefer stick rice, especially with any stews or bibimbap especially because when it is heated up in the hot stone pot it gives it a nice crispy texture. However, the stone pot here seemed to be used more for just presentation. Also, wasnt a huge fan of the type of white rice they used however it is a fusion so I can't complain and it is just a personal preference but all of the flavors were definitely on point!Our granddaughter wanted to try this place. I have to admit I wasn't thrilled about the fusion of Jamaican and Korean but it was fabulous. The restaurant is quaint and cozy, service is friendly, welcoming and prompt!  But the food was the star here. Everything we ordered was fresh and delicious from the fish tacos to the smoked jerk wings and the jerk chicken tacos. You can't go wrong here. We will be back for sure.There are great cocktails and the atmosphere is nice. The food is different, I got the bimbibap and the rice had beans, that threw me off bit the pork belly was great. The jerk chicken cheese steak was great and they have the best kind of fries. The soeul wings is different than korean banchan, but great flavour.I filmed here and loved there Dak Dori and curry shrimp. Very flavorful. Got to enjoy happy hour here on a Friday. Great twist to a jerk chicken egg roll. I'm more of a spicy girl so the sweet honey was different but good. I'll be coming back for more entrees.This restaurant mixes two of my favorite cuisines and I am happy to say it did not disappoint. ALL of the flavor combinations were perfect. I was extremely impressed. I got the curry shrimp dish with rice and peas, my friend got the mo bay bimbap w rice and peas and we also got the jerk wings to start. Everything was very well balanced and I would eat there everyday if I could. The only thing I can say is the portions were a little skimpy. My food looked like it had been picked at and as if they were running out of food for the night and were trying to stretch it out into as many portions as they could. The service was also terrible, you could tell they were very flustered and unorganized and backed up but that is something that could so easily be fixed. The food was so good it is something I'm willing to look past hahahaWent here last week and the food, service and experience were excellent. I never had Korean or Jamaican food prior to my visit, but I was pleasantly surprised by the output. The decor on the inside is really inviting and cozy. I can definitely see myself coming back here soon (heard they have a killer brunch) and I will recommend this place to others.The goat stew was awesome!! Do NOT order this if you do not like spicy food. It is hot! The server was friendly, and patient (I went with difficult/picky people). My dad is reluctant to try any new foods so he ordered the jerk chicken cheesesteak and was satisfied with it. Definitely check this place out!Came here early on a Friday night and was asked if we had a reservation. It didn't take long to get seated, but could see why a reservation could be helpful. Managed to make happy hour. Yes!~ We sat at the bar and the bartender couldn't have been friendlier. I started with a Ginmaican (get it?). 
Since I was with my friend who eats a surprising amount, we "started" with the chicken mandu, jerk chicken egg rolls, and jerk chicken wings. At this point, everything we're getting is jamaican and you're probably asking yourself, where's the korean, where's the fusion - then out of nowhere we get a few complimentary plates of banchan (korean small plates). One of the plates - the candied eggplants with a touch of hot peppers was probably one of the best bites of the evening. We asked our server for more and they didn't stop refilling this plate the rest of the night. 
For my main course, I got the dak dori tang which is traditionally korean, but definitely felt the caribbean influence in the spices used in this particular version of it. All in all, if you wanted to try a new concept and some new flavors, it's worth the trip out to Manayunk. 
Tip: You would think this place would be on main street, but it's on a small street off of ridge ave.Fabulous tacos. We had the shrimp and fish ones but if I were to pick - I would say go with the fish tacos which were the more flavorful of the two. For our appetizer, we had the lettuce wrap with pork belly, which I really enjoyed. The pork was slightly crispy and seasoned well. For our side dishes, we had plaintains, cucumbers, and a salad. I would skip the cucumbers next time though, slightly too salty for my taste.This is a little hidden gem in the Manayunk neighborhood. The food incredibly. You can definitely taste the fusion of flavors between the Caribbean and Korean flare. The flavors subtly compliment each other. It's not too heavy but plenty to fill you up. I had the K- Town tacos and an order of fried plantains. You absolutely have to try the plantains if you have a sweet tooth. They were incredible. The pork belly on the tacos was incredibly tender and they're served street taco style with a side of friends or salad.Great neighborhood spot with a pub like feel, but fun and different foods!  The Jamaican fusion added exotic and different flavors to standard burgers, tacos, and dumplings.  Wait staff was attentive and polite.  Food was served hot and with appropriate wait time.  A gem of a find!Maybe it was just the day I went. I decided to go on a Saturday, Service was terrible. I sat at the bar and the bartender was nice but clumsy. He tilted my plate over and made my egg rolls fall out. I ended up not eating one because it touched the bar top. The first set of wings I got were cold... which was weird because they open at 12 and I got there around 12:30pm. All of the food should be made fresh that early right? The second set of wings I got were good. Nothing to rave about but good. The egg rolls were the same.
The concept is really cool but I think it could be executed better. The menu isn't something you don't see at any bar."Did you hear about The Spicy Belly? It's a Jamaican Japanese fusion restaurant that just opened up in the yunk. Heard it's bangin.."
We were excited. And I mean super duper excited to hear about a new Caribbean fusion restaurant opening up in our hood. The location is great considering that it's off of the main street strip and it's a great place to walk to if you are in the area.
Upon our arrival we noticed there wasn't a sign for the business- easy to drive by and not see it. Perhaps the business is still working on a sign. That has no bearing on my rating- just a heads up. 
We walked inside to be pleasantly surprised with the cool decor and the pretty bar. So welcoming and warm. It had a caribbean vibe set with low lighting and a soft glow against matte dark painted walls. A+ --- The seating however was so uncomfortable!!
We were seated immediately... and then it all went downhill from there.  Let me just say, the menu is eclectic and unique for not only this area but in general.  Maybe hiring a waitress who could explain the menu would he helpful.  She knew absolutely nothing about the menu nor she did seem enthused about it. Hey guys- this is a restaurant in a tough area- we want authenticity and to see a business soar. But it won't happen if your staff isn't right for your business. I'm sorry, kinda.
The drinks were poured half way in the glass (mixed drinks).. we were told the bartender was busy... OK then. 
The most positive thing I can say though is that the food was off the charts delicious.  So much love was put into our meals. I will rave about the food till I am blue in the face. The prices were spot on too. Really guys, this food is insanely fantastic.  A+
I wish I could focus more on the food but it's so hard when the experience starts off lousy.  Hire a staff that is well educated on the menu- teach us so we can explain to our neighbors about the amazing menu. I don't want to ask, I want to be told.
Best of luck to you guys.The food that I got, the jerk chicken sandwich was really good. But we went there for cocktail week and the cocktails were horrible. Extremely watered down and verging on tasteless. In addition, as nice as our waiter was, he stopped being nice when we pointed out his mistakes with the bill. He seemed to think he was doing us a favor by doing what we said, when we were only trying to fix his mistakes. Multiple ones. Then he finally realized what he was doing wrong. I would not return.Worst. experience. ever.
The food was "meh" and the service was deplorable. Our waitress had the most unnecessary attitude. When my friend wanted to change her order, the waitress proceeded to roll her eyes and cut off my friend while she was talking to say "but we talked about this when you were ordering." Then, the waitress had the audacity to walk away while my friend was speaking to her and got the manager who was no better. Telling my friend that this was how bimbap was to be served as if we'd never had it before. 
The worst of it all occurred when the owner came to our table under the guise of "small talk" and ended up being the most condescending of them all. He asked our table if we were "familiar" with Korean food and then went on to tell us that next time we come, if we don't know what we want we should order sharables as to not waste food and decide what we like before we order.
My friends are Korean food aficionados and I live for West Indian food so I had high hopes for this resto. Such a disappointment.My family of 4 with two grade school aged kids are here tonight for the first time. It was super delicious and has a great back dining area. We almost stayed for the pub quiz and will definitely come back when we have babysitters. The place got packed on a Wednesday night and everyone seemed tThe menu here is very playful and entertaining.  Owners Jason and Jim have brought their Jamaican and Korean family heritage forward and created a fun fusion cuisine I've never experienced before.  It has to be one of the more exciting meals I've had in a long time.  Well done!! I will be back for sure!So I finally made it after seeing this place on the Travel channel with Andrew Zimmerman! Jason and his brother Jimmy hit the nail on its head! Lord, the apps alone were filling . I've never tasted black beans so good! Carrot slaw and pear salad, very tasty; and the cod fish fritters...ire mon. Melissa was great! She's the new bar star and she makes a mean MoHEATo! Jason is thee most gracious and humble owner/manger I've com across. The only negative is no A/C in the bar area. So any HVAC guys reading this, please hook them up with a mini split! Lol, Until next time...I went with a friend for dinner and had a really pleasant experience. We started with the Roasted Pineapple Guacamole and it was great! The pineapple wasn't overwhelming, but added a little sweetness every now and then, As a main dish we ordered the Des' Curry Shrimp and the Rockin' Seoul Cubano. Both were delicious! The curry had amazing flavor and tasted homemade. The Cubano was good as well, but a little salty. 
The staff was super friendly and helpful. They kept bringing over small samplers for us to try-- I wish I could remember the names of those items, but they were all good! I would definitely go back to try more on the menu!This restaurant was sadly disappointing. I ordered the cod fritters, and fish tacos. Suffice to say I didn't enjoy them. The cod fritter were extremely greasy, in addition there was barely any cod within the fritters. The fish tacos are a completely different story, the discrepancy I had was the salad dressing that was paired with my salad was too salty, I barely tasted the flavour. They neglected to give me a taco divider, so when I poured my dressing on my salad my tacos got drenched. The bass was seasoned very well, but they were the size of my middle finger, and the flour tortillas were extremely large, so the fish to tortilla ratio was completely disproportionate. Now the restaurant as a whole is very nice, the service was amazing our waitress was very attentive. If I do come here again I will not be ordering the same dishes.I am beyond confused by the experience we had tonight...and clearly the servers are too. Seriously, they were so confused about everything. The food was good but not worth going back for the awkwardness and bizarre service. It's a shame, the place has such potential!Heard really great things! Unfortunately our experience wasn't as good as we had hoped. Service was average, food took a very long time, and they forgot our side. My meal was pretty good but cold on top, so cold that I almost asked if it was supposed to be served cold. My girlfriend had fish tacos that she liked but I don't know if the portions were worth the cost. I would go back but not very willingly.I went to the Spicy Belly this past weekend and was impressed.  
The food is outstanding.  We started with the pork belly nachos and the chicken lettuce wraps.  The restaurant makes their own chips in-house, and it is evident in the quality; the chips helped make the nachos top-notch. The lettuce wraps were really good as well, and is served with a cucumber kimchi that is spicy and flavorful. 
We split our meal between the grilled shrimp and bulgogi tacos with regular and sweet potato fries. The bulgogi was cooked perfectly with just the right of sweetness and my wife loved the shrimp tacos.  The fries were really good - crispy and not too oily.
We also sampled the cocktails at the bar.  I can't recall the names of the drinks, but we really enjoyed the watermelon-based drink, as well as the punch.  
The Korean / Jamaican fusion a very unique dining experience, and well worth the trip to Manayunk from the city.  My wife and I went in the middle of the afternoon, when it was a little bit slower and got to meet the owner and the chef, who could not have been nicer.  The interior is distinctive with cool murals from a great local artist.  Highly recommend.I was pleasantly surprised when my boyfriend who doesn't live in a Manayunk was taking me to a "new place" in the neighborhood that I live in. I am so happy that we went here. 
Great spot for some different and delicious food. Jamaican beef patties were too spicy for me but I could tell that they were delicious. The cod cakes were a great appetizer too. We ordered two different Taco dishes and they rocked. Sat at the bar (there's a dining room too) and the service was fast and friendly. We will be back. Highly recommend. Great artwork on the walls too.Awesome find!  Yelp did us well again!!  Hubby decided on an impromptu day trip to Philly. 
Loved pulling up to this neighborhood spot on the corner!  Decor was cool  Host was really knowledgeable and accommodating. Bartender was on point with the playlist. When I hear Sheila E., SWV, Whitney, and Chaka Khan in one hour, you've earned all 5 Stars!!
 Ok... the played Toni Braxton. They are getting 5 stars  
The one  it lost was the tease of the FULL menu on a Sunday afternoon when they were only doing Brunch 
I guess we'll need to be back for dinner!!The food was excellent and did not disappoint. My friend and I ordered the Jamaican mackerel fish along with several appetizers and the food truly is an awesome fusion of Jamaican and Korean food. My favorite appetizer was definitely the dumplings. The location was a bit out of the way but definitely worth the trip!Went here for the first time last night, a Friday. We sat at the bar. Our bartender was friendly and answered any question we had and even talked to us about HGTV for a bit. I was very happy with the service. Food came quickly.
They have a nice craft beer selection and a good cocktail menu. We tried four different cocktails and they were all delicious and interesting. The Melon Market is probably the most unique. The mix of honey and melon is inspired and goes down very easy. My favorite was the sojumon which tasted almost exactly like a watermelon jolly rancher!
We also ordered the Jerk Mondu which were amazing (they were like little dumplings) and the cod fritters. The latter we weren't crazy about but that was more because of the texture than the actual taste, so it seems to be a personal preference. I would recommend everything we ordered.
Overall, great experience. For four cocktails, a craft beer, and two appetizers our bill came to about $55 which is great for the city. I would come here again to try a sit down dinner or brunch.Delicious and the people who work here are super friendly. Big win for this neighborhood. Get the nachos! I don't even like nachos but my friend got them and we shared - now I crave them all the time.I have been here 3 times & each time I like it more than the last. This night I had the Des Curry Shrimp, I absolutely LOVED IT!!! 
The perfection of exploration into the flavors inside of the curry, making the flavor fully  bloom and expose its many layers. 
It is hands down the best shrimp curry I have ever had. Eat Des Shrimp Curry, now.After seeing this place pop up on facebook I was excited and wanted to go try it out with my boyfriend. He's a fan of jerk chicken and we both like korean food so naturally a Jamaican Korean fusion restaurant sounded like a winwin for both of us! I did alot of research before making the reservation, I was on their website exploring the different dishes on their menu and panned through yelp reviews for food suggestions for what we should order. Boy was I in for a big disappointment...it turns out this is restaurant week in Manayunk but the restaurant is actually located jn Roxborough. Anyways so there's a preset menu $15 for 2 appetizers and $25 for a 3 course meal...but don't be fooled this is nothing like your center city or kop restaurant week menu...I was very unhappy and disappointed when I found out that they will not be serving anything outside the restaurant week menu which in my opinion wasn't very appealing...it didn't seem like any of their special dishes were even on the menu like the jerk chicken dumplings or seoul wings. I really wanted to leave but my boyfriend being the optimistic one  suggested that maybe if their food is good we can come back another day and try what wasn't on the restaurant week menu so I tried to be a good sport and enjoy our dinner...the food was only mediocre, nothing amazing for the price we were paying...What made things even worse was that my boyfriend got sick and threw up after eating the porkbelly tacos! Sadly to say, i do not think we will be coming back... However, I will give them 2 stars for customer service. The staff there were all very nice and attentive. Thank you!Service was horrible drinks took forever, entrées came out before appetizers, soup came out with waiters thumb in it, lettuce wraps were dry chicken and dirty Lettuce leaves, bathroom toilet didn't flush, no soap in dispenser, I watched our waiter and busboy come out of there so the thumb in my soup was 100% soiled. Will not be returning to this place.We were really excited when we saw that a bar/restaurant was moving in down the street from us. Came in for dinner tonight and happy to report that the food is really good! Would highly recommend the Terrace street sliders, and the tacos I ordered were super tasty, as were the fried plantains. The only thing we didn't care for were the drinks on their cocktail menu. We tried a few at our table, and unfortunately they didn't have much flavor, and strangely all tasted watered down? Would definitely recommend sticking to the beers or the wine list if you try this place out. 
That being said, the staff was all super nice and friendly. I'm sure the quality of the food and drinks will only get better once they get more established and hit their stride! Convenient little neighborhood spot, and we'll definitely be back!I found this restaurant through a friend of the owners and I can easily tell how much effort went into the atmosphere, theme and food. Hearing of a Jamaican Korean fusion restaurant, I was slightly skeptical at first but I've now tried over half the menu and have realized...they figured 'it' out and bring in all of the right spices and flavors from both cuisines into a dangerously good menu.
I highly recommend the dumplings or Seoul wings to start, and the Shrimp and Fish tacos are great go tos for entrees. Oh, and they have a great draft beer list with a lot of good local brews and the staff is nothing short of professional and humble.The Spicy Belly was ok. Tasty, but overpriced and not seasoned particularly well which is really the trick to fusion food. And, oddly enough, they were only serving brunch till 3. So we got the breakfast nachos which were homemade chips with canned, unseasoned black beans and a Cheddar mix with pork belly which was good but a little dry. Service however was phenomenal and I would still like to try it for dinner when I don't care about money.I had high hopes after all of the reviews. We just came back from dining for restaurant week and I am sadly unimpressed.
When we arrived to the dining room there was a pungent scent, garbage? Or maybe kimchi (I heard it smells but I'm not sure!) or the snapper on the menu. Not really sure but not a good start. Our waitress was prompt and polite so no complaints there at all. We ordered drinks which were pretty tasty but the lemonade was a mix of seltzer and lemons so you can imagine pretty bitter. The menu was very limited and had none of the items most raved about in reviews. There were no knives & only a single paper napkin. The appetizers were ok, cod fritters, pineapple Guac & lettuce wraps. Entrees were pretty underwhelming- the rice that accompanied my curry stew was simultaneously burnt & undercooked. And the stew had way too many bones to be enjoyable (and they were large so also reducing what was actually edible); the stew would have been great minus the bones. 
The only dessert option was a ginger cake the portion about 2 forkfuls. Just enough but still nothing to fawn over. 
I will try again when restaurant week is over but not anytime soon....A gem in the Manayunk/Roxborough restaurant scene. Not any other places to compare it to in this area. The ambiance is fantastic, service is wonderful, food is incredible. We had the Seoul wings and Breakfast nachos. Highly recommend both. Definitely will be returning.What a great fusion spot!! Been tired of eating Korean tacos and then calling that 'fusion'.. but the Spicy belly does not disappoint! It is truly a mix of the best qualities of Jamaican and Korean cuisines. Went on a Sunday afternoon for a late lunch/early dinner!
Service: fantastic! Kesha was such a sweet and personable server/bartender and offered depth of knowledge for each of the dishes and drinks with excellent recommendations! We also met one of the owners at the bar and the story of the place is awesome. 
Food: We got the Mo-bay bimbap, jerk shrimp lettuce wraps, the jerk chicken dumplings, and the fried plantains! Jerk seasoning was perfect and actually goes so well with Korean spices as well. My mom and I were especially impressed by the jerk chicken bibimbap because of the even balance of Jamaican and Korean in the dish. All of the vegetables in the bibimbap were delicious and there was a lot of chicken served as well as a runny fried egg on top. The plantains were perfectly crispy, soft on the inside, and sweet/salty. Probably the best thing was the sauces, and we LOVED the avocado sauce and the jerk sauce so much that we asked for refills! 
Verdict: definitely a great spot for every occasion: brunch, dinner, and also great bar scene with live music at night as well. Good vibes all around and guarantee that your definition of fusion will be redefined after coming here!Went to pick up lunch once and was underwhelmed. ~16 bucks after taxes for 3 mediocre tacos and fries is not going to last outside of center city.
The real issue was when I gave this place a second try for brunch. Orange juice tasted like they made it from one of those frozen from concetrate logs out of the freezer. Despite being 1 of only two groups of people in the entire resturaunt it took over 1 hour and 15 minutes for us to get our food. We suspected they screwed up one of the meals and had to start over because 3 of the meals came out first and were very cold as if they had been sitting for a long time and the last one came out hot about 5 minutes later. Nobody was impressed with anything they ordered. I got the breakfast nachos and it as basically half a bag of stacys pita chips with cheese and corn on it. Its a shame because I really like the concept theyre going for but their execution is horrible. This place is sacrificing taste and functionality for aesthetics in a major way and it is going to be their downfall.Unusual combination pulled off flawlessly! Highly recommend the bibimbap and wings! Manayunk could use the variety! Will definitely be backGreat little spot halfway up the hill. We went for a late brunch (so we were very hungry), and the staff was very accommodating to us even with a big bulky stroller. Unfortunately, we weren't that impressed with the food mainly because the portions were too small. We ordered the pork hash and the chicken and waffles. The chicken was good, but it was basically the equivalent of 2 to 3 chicken wings worth of meat. The hash included about 2-3 pieces of bacon's worth of pork. This place is not that cheap, as the chicken and waffles was $14. We live in the neighborhood, and when we got home, I had to make an omelette for us to finish our brunch.  I told the manager my concerns, and she was very nice and receptive to my comment about it being a poor value. I really hope that they increase the portion size by about 50%. After all, from what I understand of the restaurant industry, the cost of food is pretty low. If they do that, we would be happy to return.Great service, great drinks, great music.
We came during brunch. The shrimp and grits was not good, the grits were dry. The banana French toast was decent. It had a lot of bananas and sauce and the French toast was just toasted bread.This place is wonderful. Great inviting ambience, lovely staff, terrific food. I had the mo-bay bimbap with seitan, and every bite was delicious. My meat-eating friends loved everything they tried. The tiny side plates were an unexpected treat. It's hands down the best food I've had in Manayunk, and a top Philly restaurant. Can't wait to go back!Went for brunch with some friends and loved it. The breakfast nachos with pork belly were killer, and very filling. My wife got the ktown hash, which was also great (esp the kimchi). Jason, the owner, was really nice. Highly recommended!Ambience is awesome! Neighborhood gem.  Theme nights. Ate here for lunch over the summer food was tasty . I wanted more options and didn't find it to be extremely unique as far as a true fusion but enjoyed it nevertheless and will dine here again .  Love the story of these two brothers making it happen so I will support them by dining here !Loved the brunch and the dinner. I've heard its gotten even better since I went during opening week, so I look forward to returning!Staff could have more professionalism also food isn't even all that how it looks in pictures, I guess I liked the friesAn AMAZING dining experience!!! I saw The Facebook video that this restaurant is featured in and immediately knew I had to try it. The concept is unique and the Chef executes the fusion flawlessly. The atmosphere is quaint and welcoming. My party tried the Seoul wings and jerk mondu as starters. Both were excellent! Very flavorful! The wings were a nice portion size as well. I wish the jerk mondu came with 1 more dumpling (there were 5). For entrees we had Marley's pepper fish, beef bulgogi, and curry goat stew. Everything was good but the grilled peppers on the snapper were especially phenomenal! I do wish the dish were a bit spicier as it claims to be though. I had a watermelon cocktail that was one of the best I've ever had. We also got a chance to chat with the owner for a bit. Great guy! He told us how he grew up eating foods that were a fusion of his parents' Korean and Jamaican heritages and decided to share it with the world. I'm loving it so far and will continue to support his venture. The brunch menu looks great so I'll definitely be back to try that.Delicious!! Is all I have to say about this place.  Was in the area and found them on Yelp.  So glad I went.  Everything I had was so flavorful and tasty, I cannot wait to try their entire menu!  I love Carribean food and Koren food so this place is a win, win 4 me!Ate at this spot last night. The soju lemonade was very tasty. Also the jerk egg rolls were filling and the happy hour prices are very reasonable. I think certain things on the menu could be priced a little better. Notwithstanding, we were told about specials on different days and the happy hour prices were helpful.
Please update the website to match the time listed at the restaurant for happy hour (online: over at 7pm; at restaurant: 6:30pm). Great ambiance and kind server.Went for the first time last night. The food was great and everyone was extremely friendly. The kitchen was a little slow but not terrible. My only suggestion be that the bar higher a mixologist to straighten up the cocktails. They had great potential but weren't put together well (or maybe the bartender isn't great with cocktails, I don't know). Will definitely return, but will probably stick to beer and wine.This place is awesome! Little hidden jem. The menu is super creative. So many things I want to try. I will definitely go back so I can check out other menu choices I didn't get to try. I got the Breakfast Nachos with pork belly, So good! Jimmy, one of the brother owners came out & talked to us. It was so nice to hear about how he & brother came up with idea for "Jamaican Korean fusion"Service was amazing. Food was amazing. Drinks were amazing! 
We got the jerk chicken wings and seoul wings as an appetizer. Battered perfectly and fried perfectly. Sauce was awesome! 
Entrees we got the kale salad w/ jerk chicken, dak tori tong (Korean and Jamaican fusion chicken stew - would not recommend for people who can't handle spicy), I think the jerk chicken burger and bibimbap (assorted vegetables w/ rice in hot stone pot and our choice of meat which we chose to try the pork belly).
Prices are very reasonable and it is definitely a hole in the wall. I believe our server told us that the restaurant is fairly new (open sometime in the last 1-3 years).  Owners are brothers, half Jamaican and half Korean. 
Being Korean, I prefer stick rice, especially with any stews or bibimbap especially because when it is heated up in the hot stone pot it gives it a nice crispy texture. However, the stone pot here seemed to be used more for just presentation. Also, wasnt a huge fan of the type of white rice they used however it is a fusion so I can't complain and it is just a personal preference but all of the flavors were definitely on point!Nice ambience. Good service. Excellent drinks. Favorite place in philly. Fusion is surprisingly good. Will visit again and tell my friends.What amazing place to go to everyone here is so nice and very helpful with each item on the menu also there salsas are so amazing and just over all wonderful food I was also very impressed with the atmosphere and also there drinks are so tasty and yummy I will be back with the family soon love this placeNot  really a fan. It's a bit difficult to find, but service is fine.
Jerk Chicken mandoo were deep fried crispy and somewhat sad korean dumplees with kimchi and what was supposed to be jerk chicken inside. It was not a good mandoo and i dont even think there was much chicken in it. The provided dipping sauce was nice though, added a bit of a kick.
The jerk chicken korean fried chicken, just tasted like less sweet (but still sweet) korean fried chicken that was black on the outside. I don't think i tasted any jerk, there was no heat on this. They weren't bad, but not really jerk chicken.
The beef patties were good. I enjoyed the flavor of the ground beef and there was a little bit of heat in the meat.
Des Curry Shrimp had a good curry flavor and burned the tongue with the spices. This was pretty good with a decent amount of shrimp and potatoes in it. 
Dak Dori Tang is a korean take on jamaican chicken stew. It wasn't really. It was very heavy in the sweet/spicy korean gojujung or whatever sauce. It was spicy, but I did not even taste anything resembling Jamaican anything.Really great flavor for everything we ordered. We came in for dinner around happy hour and got beers, the waitress was very nice and gave us a few samples. We ordered the happy hour wings with fried cod both delicious, loved the crispyness of the wings. We also ordered the jerk wing tacos and bimibop both delicious we'll definitely be back! 
We came back for more and tried different items , we got a bbq chicken special plate which came with jerk Mac and cheese and cabbage and greens, delicious. Also the jerk dumplings and the sliders. Everything was flavorful and delicious. Looking forward to coming back and trying more off that menu really great food !!!Really great flavor for everything we ordered. We came in for dinner around happy hour and got beers, the waitress was very nice and gave us a few samples. We ordered the happy hour wings with fried cod both delicious, loved the crispyness of the wings. We also ordered the jerk wing tacos and bimibop both delicious we'll definitely be back!This is possibly the worst experience I have had in a really long time and/or ever. We arrived at 7(with reservations for 4) and were seated in the bar area. We ordered drinks and 2 apps. It took 20 minutes for our drinks. When he came with our drinks we gave  him our dinner order. After 30 minutes we asked for our apps again, at which point the manager came over and apologized. She asked what our drinks were and said the appetizers would be right out and we reordered. Drinks didn't come, but the waiter said that 3/4 meals ordered were no longer available. We reordered and AGAIN asked for apps and our second drink. After not receiving any of the above one of us went to look for the manager who was leaning against the wall in the back waiting for food. She not only made no attempt to correct our drinks, she just stared at the cooks and waited for food. We finally said we were leaving, and were charged for our first round of drinks! I felt like we were bringing pranked. I'm so disappointed. It was not even busy!
*Also, I ended up receiving my dinner (just mine) before the two apps (no other dinners) as we were paying our tab. Weird, weird experience. I felt bad for the manager but she really needs to BE the manager and take action. Hoping she learned from this.Let me preface this by saying that we are very easy going people and had high hopes for our experience here. However, we expect to get what we pay for. Service was SLOW. We waited 15 minutes for water and an additional 10 for cocktails. FYI - the restaurant was only half full. After we placed our food order, we waited 40 minutes for our meals, which were subpar at best. I ordered the pork belly tacos. The meat was dry, overcooked and covered in cabbage slaw in an obvious attempt to mask the meat. Jerk chicken tacos were bland and nachos were soggy and bland as well. The manager gave us 10% off our check which was a nice gesture but I assure you we won't be returning.Great, unique food and very welcoming service! Went for brunch but the dinner and drink menus look awesome tooInteresting fusion but it works!!!!! The wings were good,  I didn't like the cactus dish (it's probably an acquired taste. My palate is fairly developed but I'm not here yet). Nothing really stood out as "amazing". I think this place has excellent potential but they need to get a few signature "mouth watering" dishes Something is missing, I'm expecting some phenomenal flavors from a place like this. The service is okay. It's not excellent, it's not bad.This is a nice addition to Manayunk and serves some of the best food in the area, it tops most of the restaurants on Main Street despite not even being located on Main Street. The Korean Jamaican fusion works well, the Seoul Cubano is one of the best sandwiches in the city. They have great wings and the pepper pot as well as the goat soup are awesome.My friends and I have gone here a few times since it's been open, and everything has been great. Great beer selection, and the Rasta punch is a great mixed drink. I usually get the wings, or pork Belly when we go. 
Another great thing is this place is CLEAN, which I can't say the same for Most of the bars off Main Street. 
The staff is super friendly which makes for a great experience overall.I'm usually not a fan of fusion restaurants but when I heard that one of my favorite cuisines Korean was being mixed with the food of my roots I had to try it and it did not disappoint. I have been here several times and tried nearly everything on the menu and not one thing has disappointed. The food is amazing, the drinks perfectly compliment the flavors and the customer service is great. Thy also made making a big reservation very easy. If you have a chance definitely check this place out.We just moved in around the corner and was really excited to check out the Spicy Belly. I would say I beyond disappointed. The bartender was terrible- we waited forever for our drinks and follow up was neglectful. Our wait for our entrees was excessive. My boyfriends entree came out first and my tacos didn't come until 10 minutes after (the flavor of the food was incredible) I completely understand and appreciate the food industry but I was beyond disappointed with our experience. We now live around the corner and because of tonight I will question coming back.When they said Asian & Caribbean cuisine they actually meant 95% Jamaican and 5% Korean, They have a small manu and already ran out of the Oxtail Stew(the one that I wanted to try)and Dak Dori Tang at 5:30pm when I went there for dinner!!! 
About the service the server was friendly however she totally forgot the beer we ordered.
I kind of missing Korean style chicken wings so when I receive the promotion on my mailbox I was looking forward to try it out at it's sightly overpriced semi-authentic Korean wings...don't get me wrong they are not bad actually quite decent but not worth 12$+tax and tips to eat there...as you can see in the picture there are only 7 pieces...and French fried are great though that's why I am not giving 1 star....
Anyways if you are just looking for a place to drink or get some Jamaican food it's an okay place... but they need to work on the Korean food part... even the kimchi is not so kimchy .......( I am a kimchi lover and went to Korea to learn how to make it)Amazing food!!!! The jerk chicken tacos changed my life  food took forever to come though, but it was worth the wait. Parking is reasonable and I love the music at the bar.  Would definitely go back, but plan to be here for a couple hours on a busy dayDon't get what the hypes about ? 
Order jerk wings, I get it jerk season is dark. But these we kinda burnt. Not enough jerk seasoning 
Tried the ktown & jerk tacos...
Equally disappointing. Ktown claims to have an arugula kimchi slaw... no kimchi scent to be found. Was blah. 
Jerk tacos was also lacking in jerk. No avocado? 
Bimbop looks appealing but was one note. 
Customer service was fair, could be more attentive. They were nice once they got to you. 
A for effort I guess? 
Most likely won't be back.Came here after searching places in my neighborhood. I got excited thinking about creole, Jamaican, Caribbean food. The first time a came I had the jerk chicken dumplings. They were good but tasted more like beef. The second time I came I try the wings and they were buff as if they had been working out and a bit hairy. I tried the collard greens and I have to say it was below average for me. The vibe and atmosphere and live music was cool but that about it.My first time here! My daughter and I loved the Dak Dori Tang, Mo Bay Bimbap w Jerk Shrimp, Jerk Mondu, Lettuce wrap w pork belly. It was all seasoned just right, palate not overwhelmed.  Would definitely come backWhat a place! Brought my best friend that happens to be Korean and my background being Jamaican was the perfect place for Girl's night out!! She was impressed with the authenticity and I was impressed with the same! Definitely worth your time and your money!! What do I recommend?--- bibimbap- the fries are good and my goodness the BEST!! Was the jerk chicken tacos!!! BOMB!! Go. Don't think just GO!!!----- why are you still sitting there?!? GET GOING!Will definitely come here again. If my first visit is any indication, working through the menu is going to be a treat. If you like actually spicy food, this is the spot.Came in for restaurant week late one night. Had the curry goat and mobay bimpop both of which were delicious. Particularly the goat. I was going to take pictures but I was half way finish with the meal before i remembered lol. Atmosphere was smooth, great for a date. Going to make my way back for the regular menu.Very cool spot with great food and service! A nice change from burger bars with a great draft selection!Went for brunch. It took almost and hour, eggs seemed to be missing in my meal, toast and waffle was soggy. I wanted to love it, had a great dining experience her but will not be back for lunch.Great atmosphere. Had a laid back island vibe and I was constantly moving in my seat to the reggae playing. Reminded me of being back in Brooklyn but on a whole different level. I have to update this when I come back for an entree and brunch which is why I normally don't write a review until I've visited a few times but this first impression will be a lasting one. I only had appetizers, the Jerk Chicken Mandu and the Codfish Fritters (w/ a side order of sweet potato fries), but that was enough to let me know I need to come back and I want to try everything. These were hands down the best Codfish Fritters I've ever had. Perfectly crispy on the outside and moist on the inside. They serve them with sauces which I didn't even use. The Jerk Chicken Mandu was nice, the dumplings were crispy and the jerk chicken inside was nicely spiced. It was served with jerk sauce and I thought it needed a sweet note so I asked what sauces they had. The waitress asked someone in the kitchen who told her they had a red pepper jam which I decided to try. I wanted to put it on EVERYTHING! It was delicious!! I will definitely remember to ask for it the next time I'm there. I plan on making a return trip in the next week or two and I'm excited to try their other offerings.This was a great restaurant that we saw on Food Network.  Great food and superior service.Local spot with trendy look and menu that exposes you to some new and delicious items that you otherwise wouldn't try. Tried samples of the kimchi and jopcha, intriguingly delicious. 
Brunch here was a surprising gem. Banana pancakes and the shrimp and grits were our choices, both delicious. Great to have a small local spot to grab a mimosa or Bloody Mary.
Overall, Spicy Belly has created a refreshingly, new experience in a small little corner of Manayunk. Convenient spot for the locals.They didn't deliver our order in full and what they delivered, we wish they hadn't. 
The delivery took over an hour and half. The driver hung up on me when I called back to ask about the missing entree. The rest of the food was not good, greasy and cold. Very very disappointed.I have eaten here a few times and each time I enjoy my experience.  I think that this place has the whole package: food and drinks, service, and atmosphere.  On the most recent visit, I ordered the mo-bay bimbap with bulgogi.  The serving size was perfect, the food came out hot, and it was delicious with the right amount of spice.  The servers were very attentive and refilled our water throughout the duration of our meal without having to be asked.  Lastly, there was live music playing in the front room which was a nice touch with dinner.
I highly recommend eating here if you're in the area!My favorite place for brunch on the weekend. I've tried the Korean chicken and waffle, and the burrito with Korean beef - both outstanding - but my go-to remains the breakfast nachos. Great atmosphere, and outstanding, creative food!Great unique local spot. We got the Terrace Street sliders and the Shrimp Tacos. Both were amazing. The sliders were almost like tacos on bao buns. Both entrees came with amazing fries. They had a great looking cocktail list and a good beer selection too. They even gave us some complimentary appetizers to try! Highly recommend! Such a delicious meal, can't wait to go back.The good:
-The kimchi was delicious
-We had 2 people with food allergies and our server knew the answers to all our questions
-Everyone was super friendly
The bad:
-SERVICE. I get the sense that this is a group of friends who are trying to run a restaurant. They've been open for a while and still haven't hit their stride.
-Our server disappeared before our food arrived. Half our order was wrong and we had to ask the lady delivering dishes to go fix it. She said she would, but forgot, so we had to ask multiple times.
-Since our server was MIA, we also had issues getting the check. We asked several employees who walked by. Each said they would grab it, but didn't. All told we waited an extra 45 minutes just to pay to leave. The food took a while to come out, so I think start to finish we were there for 3.5, maybe 4 hours for dinner.going to be a regular spot for me went 3 times and only gets better a great addition to the neighborhood love love the food nice variety. keep up the good work !!!The food is amazing and so flavorful!!!! Great service too. I've never had a bad dish here. The wings are crispy. The kimchi fried rice is delicious. Anything you pick will be wonderful!!We'd describe Spicy Belly as a mediocre execution of questionable culinary concepts.
The idea of Caribbean/Creole + Korean has promise, and piques one's curiosity, which is what got us to go here in the first place (we've been here twice.) But the food is ultimately lackluster. You'd expect an explosion of flavor and spices with every dish, however our taste buds were underwhelmed upon first and last bite. There's really no other way to describe it other than bland or blah. It's like they cook the food and forget to add any seasoning or flavor. This isn't an actual dish we had (but there are dishes where these ingredients are used), as an example of what we mean: say, jerk chicken, but it's just cooked chicken and a little sauce thrown on top; or kim chi, but it's just cooked cabbage. We don't know. It just didn't wow us. It still wasn't bad by any means, but it's definitely something to work on.
Something kind of nice is that they give you 3 free tiny plates of complimentary appetizers, which is always appreciated!
The service is okay. The staff seems like they need training and can be a little awkward, which is not really a huge deal. They just need to learn a balance between overbearing and absent. They are very attentive and consistently ask you about your meal, maybe because the place is new and they're eager for feedback, but it can get a little interruptive at times.
Based on the food alone, we won't return here for quite some time, maybe to give them a chance to change up some things. But if you haven't been, I'd say check it out, because it seems to be a largely subjective experience, and has potential.Popped in when I was in town visiting a friend and could not have been more satisfied. Service was incredible and the pork belly tacos were amazing. The beer selection was great with some cool signature cocktails as well, will definitely be back next time i'm in town.I love this place. I've been here a couple of times since it's within a 10 minute walk from my house. The drinks are delicious, I really love the Soju Lemonade, it's really refreshing. The food is also fantastic, the bimbap is one of my favorites and I'm really enjoying the kimchi fried rice right now. My friends have loved the pineapple rice which is also amazing. The service is great and it's just a really great neighborhood spot.The fusion of kimchi and Jamaican food was so amazing so wanted to literally lick my bowl. Got the lettuce wraps with pork belly. DELICIOUS. The Mo-Bay Bombay with bulgogi was such a DELIGHTFUL mix of different ingredients .. rice, kimchi, egg, bulgogi, bean sprouts and chayote. The side of Fried Plantains were also SCRUMPTIOUS. A WONDERFUL MEAL and the wait staff was SUPERB... attentive and sociable. I will definitely come back here againTo me this is a neighborhood bar/restaurant rather than a destination restaurant. The ups are interesting and varied menu. Very tasty items. The staff was friendly and tried hard to please. Our group made some change requests which they accommodated.  Nice selection of beers. The downs were parking. It is not easy. The area is all one way streets, dead ends and two way alley width streets. It's only a couple blocks off of Ridge Ave. though. We had a pretty long wait for our diner even though it appeared to be a slow night. I might go back but like one member of our party said.... there are a lot of other places I might try first. If I lived within walking distance I would definitely go there once in a while.We live a block away and Spicy Belly is our new go to spot! Everything we've ordered has been great and the staff is always fantastic. Definite highlights are the terrace st. sliders, jerk mondu and mo-bay bim bap. The melon drink with soju is also a favorite. Would definitely recommend checking this place out!Amazing happy hour deals.  The time we went we got a bunch of apps they had on special and were all good.  They also had a special $3ish draft during that time and some other drink specials that were good too.What a fun find!!  I've been for both dinner and Happy Hour.  I'm giving it 5 stars in its category - which is awesome local bar food (not 5-star elegant dining).  I LOVE the loaded fries with jerk chicken.  I am a French Fries connoisseur and I order them here every time!  I've tried half the menu and its all great.  Only had 1 item that was blah, and I forget what it was.  (sorry).  Beers on tap and in bottles are always a well chosen selection.  
GREAT Happy Hour drink and FOOD specials.  (Happy Hour 4:30-6:30)
I asked the owner (super friendly) where he came up with Korean / Jamaican fusion.  He said one parent was each, so its the flavors he grew up with!  He turned it into a delicious niche restaurant.Went here with friends for lunch and everything was delicious. Appetizers were tasty. Entrees delicious and plentiful. The drinks were good too. And my friends did the bottomless mimosas so they were happy about that. I would definitely recommend this spot.This is such a great place for a nice happy hour away from the city. The food and drinks were delicious and the way they are able to combine Jamaican and Korean cuisine is fasciYum! Very unique flavors.  Plenty of vegetarian options as well as fish and meat.  I was worried it would be "too spicy" but everything I ordered had great flavor without the overwhelming spice.  COD fritters were great as well as shrimp tacos and salad.  Cute atmosphere. Nice bar area.   Lots of speciality drinks.  Some of the sides were a little small (I ordered the plaintains and was disappointed it was only about a half of a plaintain). Otherwise I thought the prices were reasonable.Flame...the words that came to mind when i tried my first bite from this blessed eatery. I ordered only the specials for that day and these NEED to be permanently on the menu!!! The spicy cauliflower was excellent and the cajun chicken mac n cheese literally made me go against my vegetarianism. I'm ashamed but it was worth it. I'm making this review before I've eaten dessert so you know this place is bangin.I ordered the jerk wings from here and they were amazing!!!!!!! The sweet sauce and spices paired together so pleasantly! Have never sat in and ate but will be soon.Very good tacos! I had the K-Town and my date had the BBQ-Seitan. A little pricey for the amount of food you get, but the quality was there. Beer selection was good, we sat in the spacious dining room area in the back. There is also bar/cocktail seating and outdoor seating. Service was on the slow side but overall a nice experienceSTAY AWAY!!! What a mess this place is. First off, the floors were greasy af. So greasy that you could literally slide your way through the restaurant. It is a safety hazard to say the least. The waiter could not tell me anything about the food when asked. The majority of the food was over salted. I sent my oxtail dinner back twice because the rice was cold and mushy the callaloo was overcooked and over salted. They sent me back the same plate of food twice. I complained four times about the saltiness and dissatisfaction with my food. The waiter never tried to fix anything or even send over a manger over to talk to me and my party. All he could offer were apologies. Not once was I offered the opportunity to order something else. When my check came they charged me for everything including the food I sent back. There is no quality control of the food. I blame the owners and especially the management of this restaurant.  DO YOU EVER TASTE YOUR FOOD? If you think this is quality you are mistaken. Perhaps there are no other good restaurants in this neighborhood but the cleanliness of the place, the food, service, and especially the lack of management is baffling.Due to the positive reviews, we had hopes for this place. To say our experience was disappointing would be a gross understatement. We are pretty easy to please people, but feel obliged to warn others so you can save your $$$ and time. 
For starters, seating is sparse and uncomfortable. Upon being seated we waited for what felt like days for our food and were served our entrees about 30 min apart from one another ( major no no, no?). The food itself was underwhelming and cold; nothing spicy about it. They were out of many of the menu items we had tried to order. The prices were not in line with the quantity or quality of food whatsoever.  
Some minor attempts to remedy the situation (complimentary dessert) were made but didn't come close to making up for the painful wait times. While I'm all about promoting local businesses and would love to see this one succeed, do yourself a favor and avoid until some of these 'kinks' are worked out.Came from DC to experience this wonderful place. IT WAS WORTH THE TRIP!! Great food and chill atmosphere. I would recommend this fusion restaurant to anyone. Will definitely be back again!!! Jerk chicken sub was unbelievable!! A MUST HAVE!!Awfully awful. Drove from NYC to but called a head to find out about brunch menu. They informed me they no longer do brunch but they forgot to tell me that they had no pork or beef. Starters, pan fried dumplings were made with chicken breast so yes they were dry & brittle. That's should have been my exit. It's a small business and you want to support. Trust me  it didn't get better, especially when we had oxtail with rice & peas and no gravy. The service was good and the ambience is nice. Hopefully they'll get better with time or maybe I was just there on a bad day.Came here for restaurant week, and for such a well known opportunity for them to show off their cool and unique fusion of food, they didn't really do that.
Started off with pineapple guac (good) and the beef lettuce wraps. The beef needed some type of sauce and the lettuce wasn't really crisp enough for it to hold meat. 
As mentioned in another review, the rice we got with the curry stew was undercooked! The rice in the bibimbap was burnt on the bottom of the pot. The server explained that 'human error' was the culprit. Lol, ok...
The dessert was angel food cake with strawberry jam on top. 
All in all, for $25 it wasn't horrible, not thing great. Based on this menu I wouldn't recommend this place, however other reviews state their normal menu is better.This was easily one of the most unique food mashups I have ever tried. I was so eager to try this place since Korean and Jamaican food seemed so different but after trying The Spicy Belly, it really did make a lot of sense. I asked the owner how the idea even came up and he said his mother is Korean and his dad is Jamaican, he said they were originally from the Bronx but they moved out to Philly a few years back. One thing to mention, the restaurant is located in the middle of a neighborhood so don't be surprised when you see nothing but houses.
The food:
Roasted Pineapple Guacamole- Fresh guacamole served with homemade tortilla chips. I really enjoyed the freshness of this dish. The guac was made really well and it had a ton of flavor, the pineapple was nice and sweet but I am not too sure how much it helped the overall guac flavor. Also, kudos on the homemade chips. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=NJ1woVjwb0hlTl-GTAzsmQ&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA
Lettuce Wraps- Bibb lettuce, Asian pear slaw and cucumber kimchi and pork belly. This was a really fun fusion dish, I enjoyed the flavor of the pear slaw and the cucumber kimchi, the pork belly had nice flavor but I felt it was cut a little too thin and was a tad dry. Overall, I still enjoyed this. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=ct9K-h66QMSwvkxt184ivQ&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA
Jerk Mondu- Pan-fried chicken dumpling with a roasted corn pico de gallo and a jerk sauce. This is one of their signature dishes and I did really enjoy the flavor, I also thought the cookery was superb but I had major issues with the amount of filling in the mondu. I really didn't notice the filling at all, I did love the crispiness of the mondu and the corn pico de gallo was super delish but I felt like I was eating an empty dumpling shell with corn salsa. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=mBu-eh4D2_pPVOVZY_xyYg&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA
Oxtail- This was a special of the day and it came with rice and peas and a side of slaw. I really enjoyed how tender the oxtail was and the flavor of the rice was nice but the big issue I had was how much sauce they put on the oxtail and how salty the sauce was. There was so much sauce but the fact that it was salty bothered me the most. The slaw was also a nice palate cleanser and it helped cut some of the saltiness. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=fY9-D6ItNOJ7Pi3swNz3ng&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlA
Jamaican Beef Patty- Spicy beef filling in a flaky pastry shell and served with cucumber kimchi and spicy calypso sauce. Holy shit was this spicy! I am Thai, I eat a ton of spicy food, I thought the beef patty by itself was spicy, add the calypso sauce and my butthole was on fire lol I did enjoy the texture of the beef patty, though. https://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?select=uzIJToCijWM4zvu6Cxe1Kw&userid=Y_iTTjKvV5hLy-880SZzlAHappened to be in the area and this popped upon google...Korean Jamaican fusion? Had to try it -- and glad we did!
My husband ordered their fusion burger with fries. He said it was one of the best! The pork belly was cooked perfectly and he said the fries were some of the best in the city!
I ordered the fish tacos - I'm very picky about my fish tacos - and they were amazing! The sauce was delicious but you could still taste the fish which was cooked just right. And I love the choice of fish! It came with a small side salad with a light sesame oil dressing. I also had the boozy lemonade which was a nice treat for a warm day. 
Overall, we really enjoyed it. We will definitely return!Great food, excellent service. The availability wasn't as great, they took away the tacos, and they were out of the wings, whole fish, banana purée, and other items. It was a Saturday night right at prime time, a little disappointed but it was good. Bar tender was awesome, made great recommendations and made the drinks so smooth.Pro all-the-way - Chef Jimmy catered our wedding and truly went above and beyond all expectations - absolutely delicious, novel yet accessible to the less adventurous palate, all our guests raved about the food - and the seitan was a huge hit with vegetarians and non's. Jimmy and his crew brought a great vibe and connected with our guests like family. Would do it again in a heartbeat - 10 stars!The wife and I went during happy hour and had a very quaint time. We tried 3 different cocktails from the menu, all featired either a rum or caribbean spirit for $7 a cocktail. Pretty good price. The drinks were yummy and strong. Also we tried the pork egg rolls and fried kimchi with white rice. Along with some popcorn shrimp. The kimchi was sooo good I could eat  qithout the rice. Only critique I have woulf be for the shrimp for the popcorn shrimp to be a little bigger because it was more breading than shrimp. A few families came in during our visit also so if you have little ones you don't need to be by the bar they have a dinong room also. Very nice place off the beaten path aka Main street.This is such a great place for a nice happy hour away from the city. The food and drinks were delicious and they way they are able to combine Jamaican and Korean cuisine is fascinating!A great little spot in Manayunk. We went on the recommendation of a friend and we were not disappointed. The food and cocktails were excellent. We started with the Kimchi cocktail, a spicy/sweet vodka drink infused with kimchi...delish! We then shared several appitizers and 2 entrees. We had the codfish fritters, jerk chicken dumplings and the spicy ginger wings. All three were hits! We then had the bulgogi lettuce wraps and the Mo-Bay Bimbap. Both were excellent. The staff was friendly and the bar & dining room look great. We came in from South Philly and can't wait to return, it's right around the corner from the movie theater, so it makes for a perfect date night!Wow, what an amazing place. I love the concept of Jamaican and Korean fusion. Brother owners, Jason and jimmy, are incredibly knowledgeable about their business and the two respective cuisines. 
My favorites include the Seoul wings and fusion burger. The wings are always crispy and much larger than your average bar wing. The fusion burger has pork belly topped on the patty. The slaw is super crunchy, a great texture contrast. 
You definitely won't regret coming here!What can I say... Jamaican and Korean fusion.. WHAT? The food is amazing. I was here on restaurant week, which fell on my birthday.  We had the Pineapple bowl, Bimbap, Mahi Mahi, Jamaican soup, Kimchi fried rice and a few more dishes, and I must say every single dish was not only large but also very tasty. They also spoiled us in the account of my birthday by giving me freeba free dish and one of the whiskey shots was also on the house. I highly recommend this place. Though be warned the name is not misleading indeed most of the dishes are mildly spicy or more so, so if you like spicy food, don't think twice.I just had the most amazing meal here. There's a certain feeling you get when a meal just hits all the right spots and you couldn't be more satisfied. This was that meal. I ordered a Bibimbap bowl with pulled jerk chicken as my protein.  It comes with rice or rice and beans, bean sprouts, kimchi, your choice of protein and a sunny side up egg. 
This bowl had the perfect balance of sweet, sour, salty and savory.  I was so happy with it that I sat for a few minutes contemplating if I should order another to-go. Everything on the menu looks amazing, and as I saw other customers getting their orders I was almost jealous. I need to try everything as soon as possible. 
The bar area is intimate and very cool. The back dining room looks great too, although I sat at the bar. I can't wait to come back. They deliver through Grubhub and Uber eats so I'm sure I will also be ordering soon.Manayunk is a great neighborhood for eats and a night out, but parking is such a butt. The restaurant is a converted home in a residential area, parking was quite scarce, but then again, it was dinner time after everyone got home from work. 
Atmosphere: The  restaurant opens into the bar area with a dining area in the back. It feels small, but that's to be expected. Music choice was reggae, hip hop, rock-ish, pop-ish mixes and was just awesome. Lower lighting in the dining room set the mood, was a nice environment to be with my boyfriend for dinner. Tables are a bit long, felt like I was yelling a bit though. 
Food: Jamaican and Korean, effortlessly blended. It was definitely a fusion and the food tied the flavors well! I got the mo-bay bimbimbap with jerk chicken. It was really flavorful! I added tons of the spicy sauce, loved it. Everything had that Korean punch and Jamaican flavor that delighted my taste buds. My boyfriends favorite was this fresh mango spicy plum sauce they serviced with the Jamaican beef patty. His burger was so-so, but loved the pork belly lettuce wraps and Kingston wings! 
Service: It is a smaller space, service was good. Our server checked in appropriately, but her customer service facade faded a bit quickly. (You know how you can tell they are faking the niceness?) she was still courteous, just could tell she would rather not be there kind of thing. 
However, all of the staff gave warm smiles and loved their restaurant. That was evident :)
I recommend the Kingston wings and beef patty!I REALLY wanted to like this place because 
1) I love Korean food
2) I love Caribbean food
3) I love fusion food
4) This place is 2 blocks from my house
But unfortunately..... I did not. 
1) They give 3 sides of banchan for free, per Korean restaurant standard, which was pretty cool. But they all tasted, for lack of a better word... off. Not because it was fusion so it was MEANT to taste different, but because it was just... off. Even the jerk mandu, yes meant to taste different, just was super insanely salty and looked really unappetizing. 
2) Again, even the jerk chicken tasted off. Not because it was meant to have a Korean flair (because it didn't), but because it just tasted like regular ol chicken wings the average Joe makes in his oven. 
3) I think this place missed the mark on fusion. K town tacos = burnt and tough to chew pork belly with cabbage and pineapple, no sauce. I make these in my own home and know it's not hard to make, but man, my jaw feeling tired after eating 1 hard cold taco! 
4) yes I could walk here, but upon knowing all I might order are the fries, which were actually pretty darn good and the highlight of our meal, I don't think I'll be returning. 
Servers are very nice people, but you could tell some were nexperienced and new (of course not their fault... it's a new restaurant). 
3 stars for fries, kind people, and my innate desire to like this place.Delicious and fun atmosphere! The food is amazing and you'll enjoy looking at the cool wall art and paint. The staff is amazing and their drinks are all amazing. Highly suggest checking this place out the next time you're looking to try out some new food.Interesting place in the middle of nowhere. Part carribean part korean fusion... I wanted to love this place. They have a nice cozy bar and we just moved to the area... we walked in and there wasn't anyone inside since everyone was sitting outside. We sat and was shocked to hear they have happy hour starting at 9. $2 off appetizers except the one thing we came in for which is the wings! We ended up ordering the codfish fritters which weren't fritters. They were just pancakes with sauce on top! Savory but wasn't what we were expecting... then we waited...
No refills on the water... 
And waited... 
No wings. Finally I asked and our meal came out but the waitress didn't put our wings in! Beef and pork bulgogi was good although they put beans in the rice? Interesting. Fish tacos were also interesting as the fried fish was good but then they put a corn salsa inside! 
Then finally the waitress brought the wings out after the meal was over... and still charged me for them! What a joke... you think she would've comp'd them or at least taken a discount on them.
Prices were fair albeit slightly high for a bulgogi/fish taco fish at $18 and $14 respectively. I've seen cheaper/better quality dishes.
Would I go back to the middle of nowhere to eat here again? Ehh. It's a nice local bar if you live within walking distance but they're going to need to work on their service before you get people traveling to revisit this place.Awesome food and service!  Wings, dumplings and fish tacos were incredible!  Definitely a hidden gem!Jamaican-Korean fushion. Really REALLY good food and drinks. We've been to Spicy Belly many times and have enjoyed all our meals. Any of the pork belly dishes are incredible. The bimbap, curry shrimp, and kimchi fried rice are my favorites. The jerk chicken eggrolls are delicious as well.
Spicy Belly hosts terrific happy hours and events. We celebrated St Patrick's Day, of all things, with them, and it was great. I've brought friends from outaide the neighborhood, and THEY have gone back. 
This corner restaurant is located in a tight residential area. To get to the dining room, you have to walk through the bar space while all the local regulars sitting at the bar stare at you. Everyone seems very pleasant, though, and it's not as disconcerting as wandering into a Two Street corner pub in Sou'Philly.Had really high hopes for this place.  Food is just okay....best thing on the menu was probably the wings.  I had the highest hopes for the goat stew which was pretty expensive.  It was extremely salty.  The fritters were also flavorless.  In fact, I don't think it was properly cooked because it was still mushy / had that batter consistency.  I tried to address an Asian woman there about the issue.  First about the fritters - she defended how it tasted and it's level of mushiness by saying there's definitely fish in the mix.  Not what I was looking for as a response not did it address the issues.  Next I told her that the goat stew was so salty that it had a shrill effect to my taste buds.  Her response was that it was supposed to be THAT SALTY and that's how she's used to eating it.  I'm not sure if she's the owner or partner, but I wasn't asking her to defend the food that was being brought out.  I was giving her constructive criticism and honesty which she didn't want I guess.  Either way, I would never go back or recommend this place to any I come across.A gem in the Manayunk/Roxborough restaurant scene. Not any other places to compare it to in this area. The ambiance is fantastic, service is wonderful, food is incredible. We had the Seoul wings and Breakfast nachos. Highly recommend both. Definitely will be returning. Second time here the owner greeted every table. It was such a personal touch to have him connect with everyone here. So happy The Spicy Belly is here!Flame...the words that came to mind when i tried my first bite from this blessed eatery. I ordered only the specials for that day and these NEED to be permanently on the menu!!! The spicy cauliflower was excellent and the cajun chicken mac n cheese literally made me go against my vegetarianism. I'm ashamed but it was worth it. I'm making this review before I've eaten dessert so you know this place is the real deal.Interesting place in the middle of nowhere. Part carribean part korean fusion... I wanted to love this place. They have a nice cozy bar and we just moved to the area... we walked in and there wasn't anyone inside since everyone was sitting outside. We sat and was shocked to hear they have happy hour starting at 9. $2 off appetizers except the one thing we came in for which is the wings! We ended up ordering the codfish fritters which weren't fritters. They were just pancakes with sauce on top! Savory but wasn't what we were expecting... then we waited...
No refills on the water... 
And waited... 
No wings. Finally I asked and our meal came out but the waitress didn't put our wings in! Beef and pork bulgogi was good although they put beans in the rice? Interesting. Fish tacos were also interesting as the fried fish was good but then they put a corn salsa inside! 
Then finally the waitress brought the wings out after the meal was over... and still charged me for them! What a joke... you think she would've comp'd them or at least taken a discount on them.
Prices were fair albeit slightly high for a bulgogi/fish taco fish at $18 and $14 respectively. I've seen cheaper/better quality dishes.
Would I go back to the middle of nowhere to eat here again? Ehh. It's a nice local bar if you live within walking distance but they're going to need to work on their service before you get people traveling to revisit this place.Tried this place for brunch today and really enjoyed the atmosphere and the service was great. I didn't give them 5 stars because they were out of a few things, but overall it was a good experience. I had the chicken and waffles. The chicken was pretty flavorful and had a little kick to it. My boyfriend had the French toast which he throughly enjoyed. The mimosas were a decent price ($5) and were great as well. I requested more champagne/less orange juice and they did not disappoint.I was nervous to come here as a vegan.  Since they advertise as vegan friendly I figured I would give them a shot.  I'm so glad I did. The seitan tacos were delish.  A little steep at $12 for 3 but I was satisfied. 
The friend plantains were sweet and delicious also.  
My husband is a wing snob and said these were the best wings ever!  We will be back for wing Wednesday and the $.50 wings for him.
I asked if they had seitan wings and our waiter said he would make the suggestion!
Our waiter Tyler was the sweetest as well.Came here with my boyfriend. The food was highly disappointing. Too salty. Meat was undercooked. I will not be going back. Service was good. Which is why I didn't give it a one star.Once again I am writing the same review of Spicy Belly. They are just too slow.  Whether you eat in or have delivered through Grubhub they are just too slow. Three of us went there and ordered chicken and waffles but since they only had one waffle iron they could only make one order at a time. Every six to eight months I order from this restaurant because I like their food, but it takes forever to get your food. I am presently waiting for an hour for my food and it still has not left the restaurant. They just notified me that they cannot fulfill my order and cancelled it after waiting for over an hour. Like I said too S-L-O-WThis place is amazing!  I've been here several times already and am beyond excited to have such a great restaurant within walking distance.  The fish tacos are my favorite!!!  I find myself comparing every other fish taco to TSB's fish taco, and TSB's is just simply the best.  I love all of the appetizers too - especially the nachos.  The staff is really friendly and the atmosphere is great.  If I HAD to give feedback, I would say to maybe get bar stools that are just a tad bit higher :)Had high hopes for this place based on the concept and previous yelp reviews. 2.5 stars because the drinks and the wings were good.
Went here around lunch time on the weekend.
Wanted to order fish tacos, but, alas, we came during their brunch menu time so we were limited to the brunch menu. 
Ordered: Jerk chicken egg rolls, ginger soy wings, shrimp and grits. 
Pros: wings, drinks, server, shrimp on the shrimp and grits, cute decor
Cons: No greeter at the entry; had to find our own way awkwardly over to dining room sign and then head back to ask the bartender if we were supposed to just seat ourselves; sticky bathroom floor with the mop bucket front and center as the curtain placed there to keep it hidden was wide open and paper towel machine broken away from the wall; egg roll wrapper had some soft parts and a weird aftertaste like pillsbury dough from the tin, under-seasoned chicken and the jerk sauce just didn't complement the roll.; Grits were thick, clumpy and tasteless--not the creamy flavorful dish we were expecting and the onion and pepper mix on top made it overly sweet when the few shrimp on top were gone; loud back and forth between the waitress and the food preparer about the orders coming from the kitchen; staff going from the front to rear of restaurant during our meal carrying in supplies.STOP searching for a better fusion spot.... Get in your car and prepare your stomach for some of the best plated flavoradhups you can imagine. From their Ktown mash with pork belly & kemchi to their BLOW YOUR MIND SCRUMPTIOUS DOUBLE FRIED SPICY FRIED CHICKEN AND WAFFLE.... So damn good!!!! Nice atmosphere and cool lounge feel after hours on Saturday nights (with life music). 
The Chef/Owner is really down to earth and authentic! He shared really cool stories about the history behind each dish. Don't come here expecting traditional plates. Expect interesting, delicious mixes that you'd never imagine.This place is creative and the food is good but it's a little overpriced and doesn't really wow. $7 for a standard Jamaican beef patty (no Korean twist) is excessive. The Mo Bay Bim Bap is almost $20 when you add a protein. I've gotten jerk chicken both times I've gone there and the flavor was pretty inconsistent in terms of the spiciness and flavor. The Kingston wings were good but didn't really taste either Korean or Jamaican. The restaurant is generous with comping free food to taste, and I was given what I think was the cabbage kimchi on my last visit. Really good! I'll probably be coming back but again, good not great.Amazing experience. Cod fritters perfectly cooked with a tasty sweet sauce. The savory goat soup was my favorite. Bulgogi lettuce wraps hit the spot. The Bim Bim Bop was an explosion of flavors over Jamaican rice and peas. This Jamaican came in from Florida to have dinner with my Korean friend and both of our cultures were truly celebrated with this food. Loved this place.Came in during the New Years Eve soft opening. Very cool fusion of Jamaican and Korean flavors. The atmosphere is great and the food even better. Service was excellent. Highly recommend both the bulgogi and the pork belly lettuce wraps, as well as the codfish fritters. The owners are doing everything right so far. This location has struggled over the last several years but I have high hopes for this business.This review is for dinner: I can't believe a corner establishment in Roxborough is delivering food and drink this good.  The Spicy Belly is a restaurant far exceeding the food quality of any of its near neighbors on Main Street.  The concept is fusion Jamaican-Korean so this place gets extra points for originality.  I ordered the bimbop, my wife had the k-town tacos, and we both split the soeul wings- all amazing.  The drink menu boasts drinks that are equally as creative and tasty.  Price is comparable to Main Street restaurants.  Ambiance is very nice, comfy, and a good place for a date.  I would recommend anyone thinking of going to dinner on main Street give their plans a second thought in favor of The Spicy Belly; the owners here are cooking from the heart and it really shows!What a find!
Thank you Yelpers !
As a vegan who still pines for Korean,  finding options are quite limited.  They have an incredible fusion of Caribbean and Korean - in the form of BBQ seitan tacos,  side of sweet potato fries ... it was DEELISH!  Taco tortillas were clearly homemade,  fresh ingredients,  fries done to crispy perfection.  A great vibe,  absolutely welcoming staff,  including the chef who made the rounds to see if you were enjoying your meal.
Love this place and look forward to returning!As a Jamaican that lived in South Korea for 2 yrs I was excited by the videos I saw on Facebook that highlighted this fusion restaurant. Awful does not begin to describe the quality or lack thereof of the food served. There was no seasoning, flavor or thought in the presentation of the food served. 
We made reservation for a group of 8; Jerk Mandu was over fried, tough as a rock but had some flavor, we ordered wings- a serving is only 3 for $11. Next we ordered our main course which took in excess of an hour to get to our table and came out over another 15mins with many parts of the order missing. The rice and peas was merely white rice with a few grains of peas on top as decoration. 
Serving portions were extremely small for the price point and flavor missing from all meals at our table. 
Not an establishment I would ever try again, nor do I recommend, it is simply overhyped by the videos circulating on social media.Tried the spicy belly last night for happy hour with one of my friends. It had amazing reviews online and it definitely did not disappoint. 
This is definitely going to be my be wing night location. I had the mango habanero flavor and my friend had the Appleton bbq. Both were amazing. 
In addition, I tried the loaded fries with pork belly on the top. That was on HH special for 6.00 and it was worth it.. especially for the amount of pork belly on top.
My friend had the pork belly tacos which she couldn't stop raving about. 
As for drinks.. I had a drink that was a twist on the Caribbean rum drink rum punch. This tasted exactly like it would in the Caribbean... I would know since I lived in Grenada for 5 months.
I highly recommend this place. The staff were nice and the owner welcomed every guest. Only advice I could give would be if you're looking for a quiet dinner, the back dining room isn't the best choice of location... try the front bar. Otherwise, I will definitely be a return customer.Here for the first time on accident, walk in it's the one year anniversary. They had all kinds of specials. Combining Korean and Caribbean was one of the coolest food combinations I've ever had. Highly recommended if you're looking for a different experience. Or if you just want wings to go...try it!Rooting for the Spicy Belly as a neighborhood spot that serves something other than bar food! Lots of tasty options on the menu and a good assortment of runs. The service is good as well.Very cool place. Great addition to Manayunk, home of the most basic and bland restaurants. The Spicy Belly is far from basic or bland though. Interesting menu with really cool and unique food. Highly recommend!!!***They changed the recipe for the mango habanero wings to make them Gluten Free. Awesome for those who are truly Gluten Free, but it changed the consistency and flavor of the wings. Unless they perfected this recipe, I wouldn't advise getting these until it is finalized.I really enjoyed this place! My friend and I wanted to try something new nearby, and when I read "Jamaican-Korean fusion", I was all in. My friend and I came in on a Sunday around 6pm, the place wasn't crowded at all. There's a bar when you walk in, and more seating with tables in the back. We asked to be seated in the back, and the place is dimly lit, with a lit candle sitting on each table- I'm guessing it's a part of the ambience. Anyways, our server was really nice, and my friend and I both ended up ordering the pineapple bowl (I got the grilled shrimp one and she got the pulled jerk chicken). The pineapple bowl was pretty much a halved and carved pineapple (which was obviously the bowl), filled with fried rice, pineapple chunks, and your choice of protein. I really enjoyed the marriage of flavors between the fried rice and pineapple chunks and found myself scraping the sides of the pineapple just so I can get more flavor in with the rice. The rice was cooked well, as was the shrimp, and I must have been really hungry because I ended up devouring the whole bowl! I was hesitant on getting dessert afterwards, but I decided to treat myself because, why not? I got the Korean red bean plantain sundae and my friend got the Appleton rum chocolate sundae. I've never had red bean before, so the server was nice enough to let me try a sample of the ice cream before ordering, and the red bean flavor has a very distinguishable yet indescribable taste... basically it was good. And as a sundae, it was even better. There was about two scoops of ice cream on top of fried plantains (which were really yummy!!!) and topped with whipped cream, chopped nuts, and caramel drizzle. I was really happy I ordered it. My friend is a big chocolate fan and was very happy with her sundae as well. Definitely the spot to go if you're interested in trying something new!Atmosphere is great! Food is so so. Can't really call it Authentic Caribbean cuisine or Pho but it was definitely different. Center City Prices for Mediocre food at best. 
Staff is friendly but the food just doesn't match up. 
Wouldn't return for the food but maybe just for the selection of beers and Music.Literally the worst service of my entire life. Went for wing Wednesday with 5 friends. Wings took over an hour and a half... for the first plate to come out and cold. The order came out wrong and one plate at a time. After the third plate we said we didn't want to wait any longer and asked for the manager. When we spoke to the manager about the service she was incredibly rude. Wouldn't take any food off of our bill until we argued about it. Safe to say none of us will ever go back.Definitely something different, enjoyed the flare, dope appropriate environment. I was hopping after dinner they would move all the tables in the dining are and open the dance floor, but baby steps I guess. The jerk egg rolls i would never order again. I was look for more moist, full, earthy jerk like smoke chicken. The crust was good. Just wasn't want I was expectingGreat addition to the neighborhood. Have only been to brunch so far and it was yummy. Tons of flavor and can't wait to go back for dinner. Only one misstep, grits were a little runny but the shrimp that came with were delicious and perfect. Service could improve but we're still very nice.Had high expectations, my friend often raved about it. I love anything Jamaican.  Thought  the asian fusion was a cool concept. Ordered Kingston wings, Seoul wings, and Shrimp Curry. I'm not usually a picky eater and I really tried to give it a chance. The shrimp curry was very salty. I just felt like with every bite it was like eating a spoonful of salt.  Not too fond of the wings either, flavor was ok but it just felt hard to chew.  We did enjoy the plantains that came along with the shrimp curry though! I was hoping maybe it was just me but my bf felt the same about the food.Disappointing meal after high expectations and recommendations. Our pickled cucumber app was overly salty and we ended up returning it, only to have it also be the garnish on all of our dishes. :( The beef patty (and I love patties) were also too salty and the spices weren't integrated very well, so it felt sort of sandy on my tongue. That being said, the flavor was very good. I had the oxtail entree and it was very tasty and filling so a great option as comfort food. It was an interesting fusion concept but I think could use a little more tweaking. Being that it also has Korean roots, I thought the Kim Chee and Ban Chan offerings were lacking, sadly. All the pickles used too much salt in the brine and the strange lettuce one seemed off--as if it was old or they had not picked through the salad to get rid of wilted pieces before pickling. My wife enjoyed her vegetarian Mo Bay Bap and the flavors worked well with the Jamaican style rice and peas; however, she couldn't eat the salty cucumber bits that were included. 
The server was nice and friendly and I want to like the place so I will likely go back but at this point it's more of a 2.5 star joint for me. For the price point, I want a little more food and care in the prep. 
The benches in the back were a little too deep to sit on comfortably if you're not that tall. My wife is 5'5" and had to sit forward. A pillow for the back as well as the bottom cushion would be optimal. 
The place is cute and it's nice to have something different in the area so I hope they take these things into consideration.