Just visited The Fat Ham with my girlfriend about an hour ago. The place is small, but the vibe is nice. Music isn't too loud, the staff welcomed us and the whiskey display is impressive. We couldn't get a table, so we took the two empty seats at the bar. The bartender, Dan, greeted us immediately. Dan was effecient, quick and friendly. Great service. My girlfriend ordered a margarita, which was reasonably priced and tasty. To eat, we ordered the pimento cheese, skillet cornbread, shrimp & grits and the hot chicken. Everything was delicious. The pimento cheese had some heat, and the country bread it is served with gives it a nice touch of salt. The mollases butter on the cornbread was "to die for". The shrimp & grits was my favorite dish. Creamy grits, perfectly cooked and seasoned shrimp. As for the chicken, they do not lie to you. It is hot. The brioche and ranch dressing compliment it well. For desert, we ordered the raspberry cobbler and a coffee. The cobbler was underwhelming. It wasn't bad - just not as great as the previous plates. Elixr coffee was spot on. Overall, I'll be back. Decent price point, high end comfort food and great service.Warning, if you come here on a Sunday there is a set tasting menu.  We were a party of two, they served us with one plate, "family style".  The only problem is the woman next to us was a party of one and had the same size servings.  They are claiming family style but giving the same portions they give to one person to multiple people. My advice, make sure you request being served as one person with separate plates.  The food was delicious but the business aspect was unacceptable.  Will not come back.The hot chicken is probably one of the best fried chickens I've ever eaten, and I'm from the South/NC and have had quite a bit of it. However, the price for the small portion size is really expensive. The drinks here are fantastic too.I love this place. The service was awesome and the food, even better. I always hated beets until I had it here. OMG!!! I will only eat beets here. Love!!!This is an out of the way location, between the university and the train tracks. We arrived at 5:30 to an almost empty restaurant but a packed bar. The bar only holds about twenty people and the restaurant about thirty and they are both in the same small room. The entire tiny kitchen is visible from the dining room. 
Since there were no seats at the bar, we asked for a table and the hostess was very reluctant to seat us at a table since we said we wanted to start with a drink before dinner. She wouldn't even promise to have a table for us if we started at at the bar. We had to insist on taking a table. It was awkward. The waitress was very pushy and kept coming over and picking up the menus and slapping them down on the table pressing us to hurry up and order our "libations". 
She seemed to think that the beer selection was awesome but it was actually mediocre. The whiskey selection was large, but only North American whiskeys, nothing Irish or Scotch. We ordered nine dishes. The shrimp and grits were good, but not outstanding and the portion is small, especially since they are supposed to be shared. The waitress said they didn't like the word "tapas" but that is exactly what they are. The pork belly was excellent and a good size and the collard greens were well prepared. The mac and cheese was mediocre and the catfish was awful. The "mississippi mud pie" wasn't even a pie, but a 6 ounce mason jar half filled with chocolate pudding. 
None of us would go back when so many better options are available. It seems that the top chef status of the person who conceptualized this place is enough to get its undeserved publicity.oh yeah...uummm hhhmmm....
Visited for the first time and had the Sunday supper. The shrimp and grits was off the chain..hummus was lovely, beans great. Was a tad bit disappointed by the mac and cheese tho, needed to be thicker and less runnyThe price point is amazing. The size of the plates are just right! We had the squash dumplings, brisket slider, collard greens, and hot chicken - all worth trying. Loved the Mobile Mule cocktail.Went back to The Fat Ham last week and it is still amazing.  Consistent, delicious, and priced right.  Still no cookie dessert but glad it isn't featured on the updated website.  The Road Trip short film was very good! Kevin, the next time you are in Atlanta, must try Star Provisions cold fried chicken and 7 Lamps' mussels. Glad to have you in University City, Mr. Sbraga.On the day we went, they offered a prix fixe menu for $30 a person. Given the reviews here, we we went for it. Overall, the experience wasn't that great.
The biggest problem was our server. A lady with a nose ring, she had this bizarre aloofness that  we couldn't understand. There was only one other table occupied, so it's not like she was busy. But she would mumble as she walked by, causing us to have to ask her to repeat herself. Or she took a drink order and, when my girlfriend tried to be clear about what the order (since we were there with someone for whom English was not native), she sneered, "I got it." And then she proceeded to screw it up. And then she blamed us. "You said a tall glass." No, we said tumbler and if you hadn't been snotty and turning your back to us, you would have gotten it right. Anyway, it was like that the whole time and she really ruined the whole experience.
Food was better than average. Portions were family style and weren't really enough for three people, but they tasted good.I really loved our meal here on NYE. I went to college in the south, so this place made me very nostalgic. Most of the dishes were outstanding, but there are a few that need some tweaks in my opinion. 
First off the concept is great. Small plate style southern food, whom would have ever thought that up? Its amazing to watch a master at work. Seeing fine dining's take on classic southern fare is pretty fun. We started with a few cocktails which were pretty delicious; a blackberry mint julep for me and I cant remember what she ordered but it was better than mine.
We decided to order a bunch of different things, starting with the Southern Hummus and fried green tomatoes. Love the fried green tomatoes. Piping hot, nice sauce, awesome exterior crunch. Hummus was just ok. I loved the bread it came with, but the hummus didnt have much pop to it. If i didnt know it was made from peanuts, I never could have guessed.
Next up were the Shrimp & Grits and mac and cheese. Shrimp and grits fell flat for me. Grits were good, but shrimp lacked seasoning. Definitely needs more flavor to not be lost in the richness of the grits. Mac and cheese was awesome. Loved the potato chip crust on top. Textural difference is awesome.
Hot chicken and collard greens came next. Booyah that chicken is freaking tasty. Spicy, but not overly so, juicy tender chicken with a hell of a crunch. The white bread and ranch really brought it up another level though. The ranch was incredible. I had no idea that collard greens could taste so good. My first time having them and all I have to say is wow. Loved the flavor and the nice chunks of ham hocks dispersed throughout. Awesome combination
Dessert time and although they didnt have espresso which normally makes me mad, their coffee is delicious. Our server told us how good it was and he was right. The cookie skillet is simply bangin. Only thing I wish is that the scoop of ice cream on top was a touch bigger. it was hard to spread it out enough to get some with every bite. The cookie is incredible rich and decadent. Loved the banana pudding too. Awesome take on it. Crispy nilla waferesque cookie and creamy banana pudding. Homerun. Always nice to see Ben taking care of people too. Whether at Sbraga or the Fat Ham, man knows his stuff! Cant wait to be back.My Monday began much like any other Monday when the Eagles play SNF, confusing, nauseous, and an hour late. Just as I sat down in my office I received a call saying that I had been waitlisted at the original place I had planned on going for my big 3 2 so now I was scrambling. 
I'd been wanting to come to FH since reading about the hot chicken in Foobooz about 9 or 10 months ago. Now I don't typically travel in to UC but when I do it's typically on a food endeavor and what better food to travel for than fried chicken. So me, my brother, and my wife, all piled into mom's Prius on our quest to southern cooked glory. 
Upon arrival I was surprised by how small the place was but the setup was nice and there was plenty of space between the tables. We were sat right away and our waiter came over and explained the drink menu. The cocktails are for the most part a Southern twist on the classics. I had a gin drink with Earl Grey tea and lemon. It was good but I only really ordered it so my mother wouldn't realize I was too hungover to comfortably drink. 
We inspected the menu as a group and decided to get the majority of the bottom 2 sections of the menu as an appetizer. The mac and cheese was good, the beets were really tasty but oyster sliders were far and away one of the best things I've tasted possibly ever. Definitely in the top 10. The issue I usually have with sliders is overbearing bread taking away from the innards and I sort of expected the same to happen here especially with a fried oyster. Not at all. The oyster was large enough to hold its own and the little bun was so fresh and soft it melted with each bite. 
I ordered the hot chicken of course but by the time it came I was full on the verge of being too full. This is my shame to bear. I ate it and I certainly enjoyed it but I know it could have been so much more for me. It was cooked to perfection and once it was cool enough to eat I recognized that this was a dish I could get messy for had I not stuffed myself prior. 
I made a vow to myself to return hungry and only have the sliders and the chicken. I take my fried chicken very seriously and my first time at Fat Ham I really let myself down.The food at Fat Ham isn't bad, it's just incredibly overpriced. To account for small portions and exorbitant prices they say that they're "tapas" style. It's literally just an excuse to charge a lot for small portions of basic food. As a Philadelphia "Southern" restaurant I was somewhat disgruntled by their adoption of Spanish tapas style. 
Anyway, I came here with a friend on a Friday and we ordered the skillet cornbread (8), oyster slider (6 each), mac and cheese (8), and hot chicken (15). It came out to about 50 dollars with tax and tip, which I found ridiculous for the amount and type of food  (we were both still hungry after). 
Cornbread: The cornbread looks a lot bigger in the pictures than it actually is. It's about 3x4 inches, or about the size of an iphone 6. I get paying a lot for appetizers when there are a lot of fresh ingredients or it takes a lot of prep time, but this is literally a piece of cornbread....8 dollars for mixing margarine, cornmeal, eggs, a few other dry ingredients (probably in bulk), and then throwing it in the oven. 
Oyster Slider: Crispy fried oysters with slaw. It was good, but again, tiny as hell. You'll eat it in two bites. 
Mac and Cheese: For a southern place it was way below par (...also, wait for it.....incredibly small). Under-salted and underwhelming 
Hot Chicken: Two pieces of spicy chicken on ranch, cucumber, and white bread (just straight up square white bread from the store). The chicken was pretty good but nothing to run over there for. 
I know that there isn't a lot of southern food in Philly, but if you're looking for a fix, this probably isn't where you want to come.On a cold Friday, we took our fat selves to Fat Ham, some ordered Fat Apples, and we left feeling FAT...and happy.
SERVICE
...was amazing. It was like one of those Hindu goddesses was bringing all the dishes, whisking them away when done, and a constant flow of deliciousness on our table. We were seated near Ben, the Manager, who was very helpful in giving advice about what to order. He must have also been entertained by our having memorized the menu, or me obnoxiously taking pictures and (surprise!) decided to send out a few extra dishes (BEST NIGHT EVER). Or maybe it was because we couldn't get a res until 9:45(!) and they needed to unload some food? Don't know, don't care. 
FOOD
-Full disclosure-I'm not a huge huge fan of Southern food, but I'm a fan of good food. This was all good. Here are the highlights:
-Charcuterie plate-the chicken liver was the standout food of the night (even to my friend the diehard liver hater).
-The Carolina Gold Rice was the dark horse winner of our affections. Get it.
-Hummus-smooth with a delicious peanuty aftertaste.
-The Hot Chicken came highly recommended and although delicious-was a bit too spicy for me to enjoy without needing water to breathe. (Like Handy Nasty level 8 spicy).
-Pork Belly and Pulled Pork-both delicious and would recommend ordering.
-Mustard Greens and Roasted Root Veggies- very good, and nice to have something fresh on the table.
DRANKS
- The Fat Apple was delicious but barely tasted boozy-good thing? dangerous thing? 
-The Blackberry cocktail was VERY strong. but very good.
-Large selection of whiskey and beers. Reasonably priced for what you're getting, but watch out if you're ordering more than one cocktail, at $10 a piece they could easily double your bill.
AMBIANCE (http://s3-ec.buzzfed.com/static/enhanced/web05/2012/4/19/12/enhanced-buzz-3258-1334853666-7.jpg) 
-Great for a date, friends, special occasion, random dinner, anything really. It's upscale without being pretentious, cozy without being annoying, and lively without being too loud. 
-We had an amazing time laughing, drinking, eating, pretending to have southern accents, (fat) hamming it up, more drinking. I never felt like we were being rushed out or annoying, even though we were probably very annoying.
-Definitely recommend sharing plates to try more things
SPARKNOTES: Good food, delicious drinks, amazing service, great addition to the Philly restaurant scene and hope this place lasts! Go make a reservation now, thank me later.Overall, great experience. I called to get a table and then said they could squeeze us in at 8:15, when we got there, many tables were empty and they did not fill up. It is a southern style restaurant but served as small plates. The waiters and waitresses were all very pleasant and attentive. The special drinks were great (peach infused vodka-delicious). The fried green tomatoes were also fabulous. We had the sausage and trout for dinner. Both were good, but definitely on the small side (very small, like four to five bites total). Each plate was $5-$15 which was reasonable, but you needed a few to fill up.I am not a brown liquor person.... That said my husband LOVES it.  We decided to come here before heading to a concert at XPN.  When greeted at the door we were escorted to the bar where there was ample seating.  
The bartender was SUPER busy when we sat but immediately greeted us and said he would be with us shortly.  It was obvious that he was weeded with drinks so we patiently waited.  Once he finished up he gave us his full attention.  His name was Dave. :) Dave told us about specials and different bourbons and drink concoctions.  While I made a face at the brown liquor he immediately said HOLD UP... He was certain that I would like something!  My husband ordered a Manhattan first and I a vodka tonic.  Dave insisted that I tried some citrusy brown liquor drink... I'll admit, it was ok but still not for me.  He wasn't having it... on our second drink my husband had a Old Fashioned and i again had the vodka tonic.. Dave thought I was going to be a changed woman and order a brown liquor drink! So he tried again... this time with a mini old fashioned for me. UGH! Still no go.. I really wanted to like it but at this time my palate has not "matured" enough to enjoy it. :) 
While our bar experience was great with the drinks and stellar service I would be remiss if I didn't mention the food.  We ate the following:
Hummus - OMG the bacon flavor totally nailed it!
Roasted Root Veggies - very flavorful but a bit over the top with the bacon flavor
Mustard Green Salad - Super yummy, the vinaigrette was perfect with the spicy greens
Shrimp & Grits - DELISH tender shrimp 
Collards - mmm vinegary tangy yum
Hot Chicken - O.M.G. this shit was HOT but oh so good!! It wasn't a lasting heat as I was afraid of.. it was oh so good!
All in all the service from the moment we entered the door to the end of our meal was great! We will definitely return for another shot at the brown!Very good food that is truly unique in a cozy setting.  Wait staff was attentive and it was a enjoyable experience.I'm a big Top Chef fan so I'm always a fan of checking out their restaurants.  This place did not disappoint.  The restaurant is very small, so make sure you have reservations. Luckily, we did, and were seated right away.  The dishes are all small portion so they recommend ordering 3-4 plates per person. My friend and I wanted to try a little of everything so that worked very well.  We ordered the Ricotta Cheese & Hummus to start.  I loved the hummus. I'm not usually a huge fan of hummus, but this one was really tasty to me.  It comes with big thick slices of fresh bread.  I wasn't a big fan of the Ricotta cheese b/c it had a smokey/bacon type taste to it. I wasn't sure if that was supposed to be in there or not, but I couldn't get past it.  Yes, I'm the only one in the world that doesn't like bacon and Yes, I realize I was dining at a restaurant named "Fat Ham." 
Of course had to try the Hot Chicken.  It was HOT. Like really HOT.  Don't order this if you can't do spicy foods. I generally like spicy, but this was slightly past my range.  Luckily they give you a slice of bread and ranch dressing to help cool your mouth.  We also liked the Ham & Eggs. Obviously, i skipped the ham portion, but it was very tasty! I love runny eggs on my food. Everything was very flavorful.
Overall, the experience was very nice. Our service was good and it was overall something new to try!We pretty much had one of everything on the menu.  Yes, we were fat.  Really fat.
We each had a signature drink. I cannot remember the name of mine but it had raspberry in it and it was amazing (sorry, not very helpful).
Everything was good.  Really.  There was no dog on the pile but that would only give it 3-stars for me.  So, why 5? Oyster Sliders, HOT Chicken and Banana pudding.  Truly, these things were perfect.  They are both fried dishes and fried to perfection with tastes that complimented and stood up to the frying.  I think the Hot Chicken may have been the best thing I have had in months.  Now, I have not been to Nashville, so I do not know about authentic Hot Chicken but this was amazing. The banana pudding won over the table, even people that said they do not like banana pudding.
If you need other good choices, the table also really liked the eggs&ham, The Board, fried lobster tail and mac n cheese.
The place is small but nice and the service was great.  We are so happy to have a place to go pre-World Cafe Live.Sending props out to Ben, Rachel, Suzanne and the chefs that made last nights meal amazing! "Sunday Supper" menu items, whiskey offerings and service were outstanding. The portions were generous and the ambiance = F.U.N.!!! Be sure to make a resee and go hungry! 
 (Oh, and you are welcome!!!! )The Fat Ham: where the food is delicious but you always leave hungry. 
That's how I feel, anyway. Don't get me wrong, I understand that this is a tapas/small plates restaurant. I have been to quite a few such places. It's the price to size ratio that gets me. For the money, I'd rather go somewhere else. 
Don't get me wrong the food is pretty good and the whiskey selection is wide and fun, but I'm just as happy somewhere else for more food for the same ( or even less) price.I feel like I may be an outlier here because I was unimpressed by The Fat Ham. Since moving to Philadelphia from Atlanta, I've been missing southern food tremendously and especially good southern-style PORK dishes, so upon hearing about this place I could not wait to get there. And I'm really not so picky - I love all types of food, I'm eager to appreciate it.
So, the dishes really were tasty but somehow just didn't induce those "mmms" I expect from a great restaurant. The portions are way too small for the prices and the flavors aren't as complex as you'd hope. 
My best advice is if you're actually from the South, don't go here expecting to find the haven for damn good southern food that you've been waiting for. If you weren't raised on this kind of food, I'm guessing you'll feel a lot warmer toward the place.This place is the best.  Everything I've ever ordered here has been solid; from the bourbon to the cocktails to the entrees and the desserts.  Definitely get the ricotta dish if they have it.This was a great place to stop with friends and coworkers after work. Service is excellent and the menu is perfect and manageable. I'm pretty sure we've tried everything on the food and drink menu.  It's a can't miss kind of spot and only goes wrong when you fall in love with a particular dish and discover that they rotate things out.  Please bring back the smoked ricotta.Sbraga is the man!  Every single dish we ordered was outstanding. We started off w a few drinks- Mezcal, apple brandy, honey and lemon (forget the name), the lil hillbilly which is a watermelon white whiskey drink and a flight of the Rittenhouse rye brewed right in Rittenhouse. They were all delicious. After that we got right to it!  Started off with the smoked ricotta tomato salad. The ricotta literally melts in your mouth. Amazing!  The next two dishes came out in a piping hot skillet, the cornbread and sweet potato casserole. Both equally delicious. Next up, the shrimp and grits which turned my non grits liking boyfriend into a fan haha so so good!  The pulled pork w grilled peaches was also very good, but finally the hot chicken made its grand entrance and holy hell I could eat this dish every single day for breakfast, lunch and dinner. The perfectly spiced chicken sits atop a piece of toast smothered in a buttermilk ranch dressing w pickles. My dream come true on a plate and my fav dish of the night. We also can't forget about the homemade hot sauce that sits on every table. I love hot sauce and don't get me wrong, this hot sauce is the bomb, but I found myself not wanting to use it bc the food was just that good. 
Finally, we had dessert. I called ahead and told them it was my boyfriends bday so they surprised him w the Mississippi mud pie and I of course had to try the red velvet cake. I mean everybody needs cake on their birthday, right?! 
This place is a southern lovin' dream come true and we had an overall great dining experience. Shout out to Amy (I think) our server who was excellent. We can't wait to come back!I was already a big fan of Sbraga and wanted to try the Fat Ham, so we opted for the 3-course, fixed-price Sunday Supper. We were thrilled to learn that it's not 1 dish per course over 3 courses, but several family-style dishes in each course. Bring on the Thanksgiving pants a month early!
Everything was delicious, but the standouts for me were the Mustard Greens Caesar and the Hot Chicken (what spice!). I'll be back again soon for the regular menu, probably wearing those Thanksgiving pants in anticipation of another great meal.Literally just got back from dinner at Fat Ham. Not only is the food undoubtedly one of the best I've had in Philly, but the service is impeccable. It turned out that the restaurant had done something wrong with my reservation, so my dining companion and I had to sit at a small, high table near the bar area. It really was no biggie, but Ben (the manager) insisted on sending over a few dishes on the house - incredibly generous! In addition to the 4 that we ordered, we had about 5 others, all of which were delicious. Some standouts were: the hot chicken (crunchy, juicy, extra spicy) with the white bread and creamy ranch dressing; the shrimp and grits (not too heavy and the shrimp tasted fresh and meaty); the baked mac and cheese (flavorful and crunchy from the barbecue potato chips, sprinkled over the top); and tender pulled pork on white bread and thinly sliced pickles. Really though - you can't go wrong with anything on the menu. 
I'm sure I would've enjoyed the meal, even without those extra dishes, but what made it better was the hospitality and service of the entire staff.  The dining area itself is small as the other reviews say, but it has this warmth and coziness that doesn't make it feel cramped at all. I'll definitely be back, and can't wait to try Sbraga soon.A group of seven of us came here for the Sunday Night dinner for 30 dollars. It's really not worth it if you are more than two people. All of us pretty much left starving. We're fixing snacks as we type. The dinner is served family style and we noticed that they would give the same portions (1 dish) to a table for two to a table of four. There were seven of us and they gave us only 2 small portions of each dish plus a chicken each (thank god for the latter). They could have easily given us another dish seeing as 1 dish =  1 table for 2. The whole thing came across as a bit too thrifty on their side and was not an all together positive dining experience. The table of four next to us also audibly complained when they got the same amount of food as the couple right next to them.
BASICALLY:  7 people shouldn't be getting only twice the food TWO people are getting
and it seems cheap, shifty and just disrespectful to do it that way and charge everyone the same amount. Did I say we all left hungry? 
Having said that, our server was very attentive and the sliver of food was good. If you plan on doing this, do it as a date for two TOPS and not as a get together for friends because you'll all be heading out and spending more money from how hungry you'll be.The Fat Ham is a small space so reservations is a must.  We arrived right on time for our 6:30pm reservation and got seated right away.  We ordered 7 dishes for just the 2 of us for the variety but I think we would have been fine with 5 dishes. 
We ordered:
Ricotta Cheese - so so good!
Oyster Slider - Delicious!
Shrimp & Grits - just so so
Baked Macaroni & Cheese - good - liked the added bbq chips sprinkled on top
Hot Chicken - Really crispy and Really spicy - perfect with the white bread and ranch dressing
Pulled Pork - least fave.  lacked flavor and bread got soggy.
Banana Pudding - perfect ending to temper all the spicyness  
The spicy sauce provided was so good.  I added it to pretty much all my bites. 
The Ricotta Cheese, Oyster Slider, and Hot Chicken were my favorites of the night.What just happened in my mouth was amazing.  Homemade ricotta with black eyed peas.  Smooth, creamy and delicious. Shrimp and grits went down like buttah!  Hot chicken took a few seconds before the heat set in, but whew! My tongue stills tingles.  The pulled pork was a welcome break and then we rounded out the meal with a piece of pecan pie.  Can't wait to head back and try a new set of delicious.So far I've visited Fat Ham twice; the first time I visited, I was completely blown away.. the second time... well. you will see.
The first time I visited:
- ricotta spread was perfectly smooth and smoky 
- oyster sliders were highlight of the meal-- juicy oysters fried with spicy & crunch batter
- pulled pork was a meh
- charred cabbage was a huge surprise... VERY GOOD
- hot chicken was crispy and spicy..  and actually, too spicy for me. Potato salad was too salty.
- pecan pie.. oh.. pecan pie... 
My first experience was so good that I just had to go back, which I did few days ago. 
Unfortunately, the oyster slider had too much batter (where is my oyster?) and hot chicken was GODDAMN hot. Ricotta and pecan pie were good, though. 
I might give Fat Ham another try, when their menu is updated.Excellent service. Justine was wonderful very knowledgeable about the food. Gabe her preferences which we took her up on most of them. The hot chicken was awesome. Spicy, fried goodness. Bar had good beer and lots of good whiskeys.   Gave us a nice card and signed menus for our anniversary date.  Very cool.  We will be backWe found this place because of Yelp. And the reviewers gave us ideas on what to order. We had Mac n cheese, the ham board, some sliders and the corn bread. All wonderful. Great service.What a great time at Fat Ham on a Thursday Sbarga u are the best!!!
I want the recipe for your collard greens please sweet savory and a little hint of spicy
This place is a small but modern intimate spot in University City. I love itVery cool spot with DELICIOUS  food. I wasn't expecting much at first, but everything we ordered was phenomenal! We had the wings (can't remember the name, but it had curry in it), pulled pork sliders, another slider (hamburger like), and the brisket sliders. The wings were seriously the most delicious wings I have ever had in my entire life- the breading was crunchy, yet not too crunchy, and the meat was tender. The sliders were als also incredible. If the three different sliders we tried, the brisket was my least favorite, but it was still delicious
I love this place and everything about it.You cannot go wrong at The Fat Ham.  I recommend sitting at the bar, the staff is incredible and the food is delicious. A must eat Philly restaurant. Just go...right now. :-)Went there on a Thursday for dinner.  They won't seat you until your entire party arrives, which is pretty dumb.  We had 6:30 reservations, they wanted us gone by 8:00 (so they could seat the next reservation), I get that.  But why not seat the people that are there so they can get started and we can leave on time?
Anyway, stupid policy.  Food is pretty good.  We ordered pretty much everything on the menu.  Certainly some hits & misses.  Overall, very good.  Much better than Sbraga.Soo I was so excited to try Fat Ham and I have to say I was wholly underwhelmed. I'm a definite fan of K. Sbraga but this was really a disappointment. I ordered the hot chicken and was expecting crispy fried chicken with a kick. Instead I got 2 small pieces of crispless chicken with no heat. There was nothing hot about this chicken, literally and figuratively.  The white bread that supposedly comes with dish was pitiful. I didn't even notice the bread and further more it was super soggy after being drenched in a forgettable season less ranch sauce that served no purpose since the chicken wasn't spicy.
After the whack chicken I ordered dessert as I was still super hungry. I got the red velvet cake which was decent. It was moist with the right amount of crumble, and was not overly sweet. 
I have to say that if I come back to Fat Ham it will be for dessert and not much else.I knew I was going to like The Fat Ham immediately after stepping through the doors. The restaurant itself is small but intimate, with dim lighting and a rustic vibe that puts you right at ease. Definitely call and make a reservation in advance, because it does get full. 
A lot of the plates are meant to be shared, but they do also have larger entrees as well. We shared the mac and cheese along with the cornbread, and both were delicious! My boyfriend had the hot chicken, which he absolutely loved. I tried a bite and it had a big kick to it, more of a heat than a spice. I had the country captain chicken wings, and I'm still telling people about them. They come with 6 generously sized fried chicken wings that are drizzled with a spicy oil. If anything, I would go back for these wings alone.
And lastly, we shared the pumpkin chocolate special dessert. It came in a small mason jar, kind of like a seasonal boudino! Highly recommended.I had a really delicious Sunday Supper here last month. There were 4 of us, and pretty much as soon as you sit down, food appears in front of you. It's magic. (Okay, it's a preset menu. But still). They have the portions down really well, so while I definitely was *not* hungry at the end of this meal, nor was I super stuffed. The hot chicken was spicy, but I could definitely handle it. Other parts of the meal that stood out: the mac n cheese, the beets, southern hummus, and the roast. I will say that our dessert was some sort of cold "cobbler". Essentially some berries and a crumble type topping. I wasn't impressed with it, really. But everything else was so good, I'll let that go. It's only $30 a person, and it is amazing food and an amazing price.Spicy Southern Hit.
Sbraga knocks hit out of the park again with this little tasty, souful place.  Homerun! 
I love a restaurant that serves small plates so I can get a taste of what the menu really offers - but that being said, you can quickly over-order, so mind your plates! 
Fat Ham also serves up one of my newest favorite salad : the mustard greens.  Try and fight me for it if we order it together.  I will finish every bite.  The hot mustard dressing complements the sharp bitter greens perfectly.  Scrumptious.    After that make sure you order a couple oyster sliders (perfectly fried) and shrimp and grits (order more than one!).  Those are your musts!  Don't argue with me!
The hot chicken, however, is not for the faint of heart.  It will kick you right in the pants and whoa. Hot damn... it might even leave you tearing up.
Amazing selection of bourbons and whiskeys (very intimidating) and reasonable wines by the glass.
Totally worth the quick drive over the University City, just a hop, skip and a jump past World Cafe Live.What an incredible dinner!  It is rare that we go a restaurant that we eat every single morsel of every single dish.  At one point the waiter tried to take away the Shrimp and Grits before all of the grits were completely gone and I almost attacked him.  And the Baked Mac and Cheese was so good that we ordered another dish of it.  Everything was excellent and plated beautifully.  Hopefully, the pictures do it justice.
As for the wine list, that was very good as well.  Great selection of wines by the glass, with a very reasonable (approx 2x) markup.  Had a Riesling to start to prepare myself for the heat of the Hot Chicken.  Then followed that up with the Bourbon Lemonade just to try that out as well.  And the whiskey and bourbon selection is absolutely amazing.
Service was very attentive throughout.  The only possible negative was the closeness of the tables.  At least you can see what other people ordered before ordering yourself.Very good. The waiter is very knowledgable about the whiskies. The oyster sandwich was ok. Their house hotsauce is fantastic. Had the ham and eggs - very good. Pork belly very good too!I had a great time. The food was fantastic and the Bourbon selection was awesome. The only reason I didn't give it 5-stars, is that if you are going to charge me astronomical prices for cholesterol laden food, you have to over-perform against an easy "level of difficulty". However, if you have a fat wallet a great cadiologist, this place is can't miss.Came here just for the hot chicken and wasn't disappointed! Southern tapas sounded a little strange at first but it's executed perfectly. Too many great dishes to choose from. We loved the hot chicken, oyster sliders, skillet cornbread, and the collard greens. The macaroni and cheese wasn't baked how I usually like it but it was still good. Will definitely try to come here again the next time I'm in Philadelphia.Well, for me at least this isn't worth it at all. 
The food was sub-par. It was good but I wouldn't say the portion size in relation to price is great. And you can definitely find food this "quality" elsewhere for less. 
I'd also HIGHLY recommend not going past 9pm. We were the last table there (after spending hundreds of dollars) and were maybe there for an hour before the manager told us "they get to close as soon as we leave" and recommended we go next door (I still had half my tiny drink left) 
I'll never go back or recommend it based on the unprofessionalism alone. But I personally also like bigger portions and higher quality food. 
To each his own.The menu is short and sweet. I loved the way there was pork in so many of the dishes in settle ways. The cabbage was very filling and unique, I love the cracklings on top and the cheese and tomato. The collard greens were tasty. The fried chicken was super crispy, and juicy . The shrimp and grits were to die for, best dish of the night for me. Both fish dishes were made well. The cornbread was a little burned on top and mushy inside, it was the only let down. The sweet tea was a dream, I mean good. It was a small, cozy place and even though we were the last reservation 9:45 we were not rushed. Kevin Sbraga was actually there and that was cool to see. This place is solid. Great friendly attentive service, authentic southern meal.Copied from my opentable review:  Interesting Southern Tapas concept.
Everything I had was top notch like the title states.
The drinks and food were both unreal. Gotta go and try for yourself!
Green Tomatoes, collared greens, hot chicken, pork, shrimp and grits, Montgomery Mule, etc....Absolutely delicious.
The Fat Ham is a cozy, attractive restaurant, with a small bar off to the left. They're unique in the sense that you don't often run across southern fare served tapas style (i.e. small plates). We ordered the corn bread, humus, mustard chicken wings, macaroni & cheese, hot chicken and short ribs. Everything was excellent. On top of the fantastic food, they have an exceedingly generous bourbon selection. If I had one complaint, it's that our food came out too fast. We didn't have chance to finish our first plate before two more were placed in front of us. At one point we had all six plates on the table, without having had time to even finish the first. That aside, I would highly recommend The Fat Ham.We were running a tad late due to weather and finding the restaurant. They called and we told them we were moments away. When we walked in we were told that there was a 7 pm reservation for our table but that as it was 5:45 we would be fine. The food was really good and the service attentive however the food came out at such a fast pace that we felt like we had to eat quickly so that it dod not get cold. As it is mostly  small plates we ordered many dishes but when you are present with 4 at one time it is a tad overwhelming. 
Also, it is a small restaurant, to the point where it is hard to get in and out of your seat. Should you give your neighbors your butt as you get out? Never sure, plus there is only one door so when a patron comes in there is a blast of cold air. Double doors should be mandatory in all restaurants. 
We loved the concept and liked our meal but we are not sure if we were be rushed out of there and that did not feel so good.....maybe think about it again but not on a Saturday night. Was nice to see the chef was in the house.Came at a bad time, 145 pm which is near closing time for lunch. No cook or server wants to see people walking in as they are about to close up!  I know!!!  They were cool though. Food was excellent. Had the hot chicken. Thought it'd just be hot but it was actually very flavorful. Collards were great as was the Mac n cheese. Great job!  Loved it!!!  Now I need to find an excuse to be in philly around dinner time so I can have more than a lunch size portion!!!I walked passed this restaurant every day for a whole year and never had the chance to try it until a friend of mine scheduled a happy hour gathering here one afternoon. 
There were 8 of us seated at our table, and it wasn't until after we arrived that we discovered the happy hour special on drinks was only available at the bar. This was not advertised anywhere on the menu or website. But it's not like all 8 of us could go sit at the bar and converse comfortably, so we chose to stay seated and pay full price for our drinks. That was strike 1. 
Our group trickled in in pairs every 10 minutes or so (people coming in after work or classes), and when we tried to order 5 dishes earlier on to share, the waitress told us she could only put in one full order, for the whole table, one time. I found her tone to be somewhat rude. She also said each person usually ordered 2-3 dishes on their own...but our party was there for HH, not necessarily dinner. So we waited 30 minutes for the the whole party to arrive to order the original 5 dishes anyway. Strike 2. Everyone ordered an oyster slider, which was great - probably my favorite thing on their menu, but $6 is pretty steep for a sandwich barely the size of my palm. We also got the hot chicken, shrimp and grits, mac and cheese, and the pork belly. The hot chicken was so spicy one of my friends couldn't eat any more after the first bite, but everything else was fairly yummy. The dishes are tiny though, and to think they cost $15 a piece...
With all the food and drinks combined, each person ended up paying around $20+, but our stomachs were still grumbling and we were so dissatisfied with the service that we moved our party elsewhere down the street.Unbeknownst to me, the only menu that was available on Sunday 10/2 was the "Sunday Supper" tasting menu. I was disappointed I didn't get to try the brisket and wagyu burger sliders, but it was nice to have dishes constantly brought to me.
The menu included (for $30):
seasonal salad (I didn't ask the kind)
Cornbread
Pimento Cheese (on a little toast)
Blackened Catfish (atop grits)
Hot (Fried) Chicken
Collard Greens
Mac and Cheese
One Rib (I didn't ask whether it was beef or pork)
Triple Chocolate Cake
I thought it was a great deal for $30 because every dish except the mac and cheese and the rib weren't the best kind of that dish I ever had. The hot fried chicken was also a little too hot for me, but it was great.
The salad, whatever is was, had nothing but dark green lettuces and kale, none of that light green, lacking-nutrient garbage. It was one of the better salads I've had in the city. The cornbread (in a skillet) was great as well, though the edges were a little too crispy for me, so I only ate the center. The pimento cheese was good, but spicier than I'm used to (although I only ever really had it on a burger...). 
I'm making a new paragraph for the catfish because it was the greatest fish dish I ever had. I even liked the grits, too! I never had grits before, but I'm glad I tried them here.
The Hot Chicken was delicious, the second best fried chicken I've had in the city. Though, I'm gonna be honest, it was too hot for me, so I picked off the breading/sauce. The collard greens (turkey leg, potlikker) were delicious as well. I only ever had collard greens once, but they were better here. The mac and cheese was good, but could've used more cheese. The rib was good, but I would've preferred it be fall-off-the-bone tender. The triple chocolate cake was great, too
By and large, this was one of the best experiences I've had at a Philadelphia restaurant. I'm glad I came all the way from Center City (for a show at World Cafe Live). I'll definitely be back, especially for the catfish and to try the sliders.The server was knowledgable it seemed but i wish he was friendlier. Honestly felt like my boyfriend and I were a bother to him. 
The reason for my three stars: the food is good but terribly overpriced. The catfish and hot chicken was excellent but SO tiny! I could hardly believe these plates were "designed for sharing" as the server suggested. I could eat the entire portion in one bite with none left for my boyfriend.My boyfriend and I spent over $60 between the two of us and we still left feeling half full. My boyfriend was taking me out and I honestly felt bad ordering more food because who knows how much it would have been. 
Also, it was awkward sitting at a large table that fit eight people but we were sharing it with six other people we didn't know. It was either that or sit right by the door where it was freezing. Too cramped for my liking.The oyster sliders at The Fat Ham are so good it's mind blowing. I love the crispy, deep-fried succulent oysters and the soft yeast buns that keep them safe. The tangy gribiche cuts through the grease while adding another layer of richness. This dish, plus a glass of sauvignon blanc, takes me to my happy place.
Unfortunately, none of the other dishes have won me over like the oyster sliders. I've tried most of the dishes fellow Yelpers have raved about, but they just don't do it for me. Yes, the hot chicken is spicy and delicious. Sure, the shrimp and grits is creamy and satisfying. But if I'm at a Top Chef restaurant, I expect my food to be more innovative and surprising than comforting and familiar.
Something that I appreciate about The Fat Ham is the little touches. I love that no dish is identical, the waitresses wear plaid, and your check comes on a painted board. These details contribute to a lively atmosphere that I enjoy each time I'm there.One of the first places we stopped at on our trip to Philly. Made it in time for their awesome happy hour. The drinks were delicious and had the right amount of mixes. The sample board is a must try!We were rushed out of our seats!  Four of us had dinner Saturday night at 815 pm.  By 930 and not long after our food had come half a dozen waiters were swarming the table constantly asking if they could clear the plates. We ordered dessert and before 10 they asked us to move to the bar.  I'm not upset, just think this might not be the place for hanging with friends -- it's just too small.  Food was good though.  Not too pricey.We came on a Friday night with a party of 4. They were running a special for $18 for a Pimento Cheeseburger + fries, Neshaminy Beer, Four Roses Yellow Label Bourbon
Pretty decent special honestly but that's if you don't want to try the other items on the menu
Burger was good -- I liked the spicy pimento cheese touch, burger came out as I ordered.
The mac and cheese was disappointing --I will admit I have a pretty high expectation for mac and cheese but it seems so hard to find a good one. This one didn't meet the mark for me. Quite bland. 
I feel kind of bad rating this a 3 when I barely tried enough items here to really rate it.. but I do like Sbraga a lot.. so I would probably give this place another shot. My friend raves about their Hot chicken -- so I may have to come back to give that a shot.The dishes are a little small but very well done.  We ordered a good amount of food:  Southern Hummus - Great starter.  The bread was awesome and so was the hummus. 
Fried Green Tomatoes - Nice and crispy.  Great flavor. 
Shrimp and Grits - The grits were nice and creamy.  I thought the shrimp were kind of small and lacked some flavor.
Beer Battered Flounder - This was lighter than I was expecting when I heard beer batter.  Well executed.  
Hot Chicken (and reordered a second helping) - This is really good.  Put this on your to try list.
Charred Cabbage - Nothing special.
Pulled Pork - A vinegar based pulled pork.  The flavor was addictive.
Pecan Pie - Not overly sweet like you would have down south.
The service was good and attentive.Went to the Spruce Harbor location. Paid $10 for a tilapia sandwich that came with a napkin and nothing else. The sandwich was delicious... Very flavorful with a nice kick but such a small portion of fish that I thought about ordering a second one after four bites later I was done. .We came for the hot chicken but were won over by the entire menu. I'll start with the drinks. I am not usually a big cocktail drinker and I have to say that I could drink the Fat Apple bourbon based cocktail all night long. Just the right balance of sweet and tart (hmmm kind of like a good apple). The surprise hits were the charcuterie (next time I need my own!), the ricotta cheese and the collard greens. We also enjoyed the country fried lobster tail. In the end the hot chicken was the only disappointment. It was difficult to share (and the menu was set up in a way that seems to encourage the sharing of the small plates). We will definitely return to this restaurant - I hope they move to a new location though. I see some have called it cozy - I found it to be cramped.Went on a Friday night without reservations and was able to grab two seats at the bar without a problem. The bar staff were friendly and provided great recommendations. Service was quick and the food was delicious. The charred cabbage dish was something I would've never picked out, but it was excellent - tasted almost like lasagne. I also loved the mustard greens salad - a very big portion and a great dish to share. The pork dishes were also good, but I honestly think the two veggie dishes were more interesting and memorable. 
The place is tiny, but it didn't get too loud, and you can eat the full menu at the bar. The only cons are the semi - uncomfortable bar stools. 
They also had a nice whiskey list - would definitely come back!The food here is delicious, comfort food. However, the portions aren't huge and the prices are high. So if you want to treat yourself, definitely check it out. Unfortunately, it's too pricey to become a regular lunch-time spot for me, but if cost wasn't a factor I'd eat here weekly! The location is quite small, but wasn't too crowded when I was there at a typical weekday lunch hour.Fantastic.  Been here twice, both times were great meals.  One of our favorite restaurants in the City.  Not to state the obvious, but get the chicken.  And some bourbon to drink.Welcoming well art-directed Southern hospitality west of the Walnut Street bridge. 
We were at the bar for dinner on a Saturday night. We did not have reservations and the wait was an hour.
Great choice to dine with bartender Dan, a man of great intel and shaker face. He poured us some punch on tap.
Later we had blackberry julep and the fat apple. Plus an egg-white frothy whisky sour. All drinks were expertly crafted.
In a breakthrough move, half the kitchen is behind the bar, so there is no delineation between kitchen and bar. The front and back of house blur into one large space, so that kitchen staff becomes part of the party. The cold prep shares space with the bar, while hot food has its own prep nook.
For dinner, the standouts are the ricotta bowl, oyster shooters, charcuterie plate and chicken fried lobster. Hot fried chicken requires an iron digestive tract. Grease+heat=all night burn.
That said, do try the house made hot sauce.
Best dessert was banana pudding.
The staff is excellent. Appreciated the presence of a general manager in such a small space. Felt very professionally run. Great mix of people in the crowd. A convivial atmosphere. Right up the street from World Cafe Live.The first thing you'll notice when you walk into the restaurant is how tiny the space is. There are 30 seats in the restaurant and an additional 12 at the bar, but the seating is creatively arranged to allow guests and servers to move through the restaurant with ease. The decor is an odd juxtaposition of rustic meets modern. You notice the variety of whiskey bottles on the shelves behind the bar and immediately acknowledge that you're in a Southern-style restaurant. Service moves at a slow, steady pace. The first of our dishes arrives, a bed of mustard greens tossed with benne seeds and peanuts. The dressing is fiery hot and spicy good! Spicy without being unbearable, the dressing accents the nuts and greens nicely. What a crazy flavor combination! The shrimp and grits were utter perfection. Big, juicy, grilled shrimp sitting on top of a small helping of creamy, buttery grits with diced pieces of country ham strewn for good measure. Who would think grits could be this good? The buttermilk coated fried oyster slider with its burst of flavor in the middle was just sooo good! Move over crabcake and filet sliders, this oyster slider has found a place in my heart! The blackened catfish was one of the best pieces of catfish I've ever eaten. It was firm like rockfish, but didn't have that characteristic catfish taste or odor. The Carolina gold rice is one of the best accompaniments I've ordered in a while. It pairs really well with the hot chicken, which is OH. MY. GOD. everything that the hype says it is. It is indeed fiery hot, as in spicy hot. It is indeed crispy on the outside and juicy in the middle. My friend Chris W and I were ready, willing, and able to dive right into the alleged chicken that saw fit to win the heart of local food critic, Craig Laban. In our two orders, our server stated how fortunate we were to have one dish with white meat and one dish with dark meat. Without hesitation, I went for the dark meat. I tasted a small sample of the breast meat on Chris's plate and it, too, was juicy good. Almost too good. Was there crack in the chicken? The pecan pie was a delicious ending to a fantastic meal. You can't ask for a better meal anywhere. I felt like I was at Morimoto or Vetri. For this reason, I can honestly give The Fat Ham my highest rating.The fried chicken and collard greens were absolutely fantAstic. Dan , the bartender , is a true professional and really mixes a fine drink. It was a great experience. Would go again anytime.The second restaurant for Kevin Sbraga, of Top Chef season 7 fame (his first was Sbraga, on Broad St).  We ate at the bar the Monday night after their Friday opening (Kenny Gilbert from Top Chef 7 was there too!), and we thought everything was FANTASTIC! Standouts were the KILLER fried oyster sliders (I ordered a second for dessert), and the SCREAMING HOT Hot Chicken (give it up Federal Donuts, you've met your match).
~6 small plates were plenty filling for 2 people (see photos):
1) Enjoyed some excellent cocktails, but a pretty short list
2) Eggs & ham!
3) "The Board" literally is a board (the liver mousse was incredible); needed to ask for more bread
4) I hum, you hum, we all hum for hummus! (bread is a bit heavy and tended to mask the flavor of the hummus)
5) Dish of the night was the great Oyster Sliders (I had a second one for dessert)
6) hot, Hot, HOT Chicken (hotter and different from the Tennessee Hot Chicken at Sbraga)
7) Melt-in-your-mouth Pulled Pork
8) Apple cobbler with bourbon-maple ice cream (the ice cream was what made this dish)
This place will be successful.
Kiosk parking out front on the street was easy on a Monday, but I can't say anything about Fri/Sat.
BTW, in case you are interested, the opening of this restaurant was chronicled in excruciating detail by Michael Klein here (not that I've actually read it):
http://www.philly.com/philly/blogs/the-insider/The-Making-of-The-Fat-Ham-Part-10-Testing.htmlHad a great time at this little restaurant.  Its ahip place with delish food.  I recommend the fried chicken, it's so flavorful.  If you want the breast/wing piece you have to request white meat or else they will bring dark meat.  The drinks are also simple and delicious but a bit on the pricey end.Sunday supper is actually the best time to go because you get a $30 fixed dinner which is actually a tasting menu of over half the items that they offer on a regular basis, with a few trial items.
My favorites:
The butternut squash "dumplings" were absoultely delicious. Slightly creamy, and overall scrumptuous.
Hot wings: the wings were really hot but in such a weird way...my lips were burning but my tongue was not!
Plus they have an awesome whiskey selection and the decor is legit. Check it out!Great location and nice/intimate interior.
Good dishes: picked shrimp, oyster sliders (amazing!)
ok dishes: mac and cheese (pretty standard)
disappointing: hot chicken (too salty/over the top). Better fried chicken can be found elsewhere in the city.
Made it to four stars based on the drink selection: the fat apple cocktail and the wine cooler/sangria special was great! Hope they keep it on the menu.Make a reservation before hand! This place is excellent. They have an enormous whiskey selection, and the restaurant has such a  wonderful atmosphere. The service was excellent. If I had an empty drink or plate on my table, someone was over in a matter of seconds taking care of it.  I will definitely be coming back here again.My family and I had a great 51st birthday dinner at the fat Ham!  The hot chicken was indeed an amazing dish!  We also deeply enjoyed the southern hummus, mac&cheese and the greens as well as the kale salad.  Mississippi mud pie for dessert can't be beat!The Fat Ham
PA: Philadelphia Century City
6:30pm Sunday 25th October 2015
Five Stars
You can literally smell the bacon wafting down the street. There is a lovey wooden front porch complete with 2 white rocking chairs. Inside is a mix of four top tables, booths, high top tables, a bar island, and an 8 person wood top bar. On Sunday, they do a Sunday Supper Pre-Fixe meal for $30. They have plenty of whiskey: old overholt, whistle pig, 
Course 1: 
The crispy, slightly charred grilled country bread served warm contrasted nicely against the cool creamy, orange pimento cheese. 
Course 2:
The corn bread was served in a mini cast iron skillet and topped with melted molasses butter. There was mild sweetness compared to the generous amount salt and meat flavors from the Tasso Ham inside. The bread had firm structure and crumbled into buttery morsels. 
Course #3:
The cajun style catfish was beautifully blackened with a nice crust of salt and spice. The fish was moist and flaky. The dish had complexity with spicy mayo, Beet-pickled cauliflower, okra, and walnuts. 
Course #4:
The butternut squash dumplings with fresh slices of granny smith apple and toasted pecans were my favorite dish. The dumplings were smaller making less doughy and more fluffy. The sauce was creamy with plenty of butter. This exactly what autumn should taste like. 
Course #5:
The Fat Ham classed up a Nashville classic "Hot Chicken."  The cayenne marinated chicken breast was deep fried to golden brown perfection then served on top on brioche with a creamy herbaceous buttermilk sauce and dill flavored cucumbers. The poultry was spicy ... like really spicy. That goodness for the bread, pickle, and ranch accompaniment. The breaking had above average adherence to the skin and meat. The had boneless chicken was moist and flavorful. 
Course #6:
The Pork Butt was slow cooked and then crisped on a wooden plank. It was less tender and more caramelized. The Gravy was thick and tasty but I wanted more of it. The home fries were cut uniformly and freshly fried with similar delicious qualities. The fresh turnip leaves were a interesting addition. 
Course #7
The Collared greens were supple with a bit of crunch. The pork shank was meaty. The best part was the vinegary, mineral-y potlikker, which is basically the remaining water that boiled the greens. I felt it needed some black eye peas. 
Course #8
The Mac n cheese was served in a shallow rectangular baking dish. The spirals were covered in cheesy creamy sauce with a sprinkle of bread crumbs. The dish was almost too classic for this place. 
Course #9: Dessert: 
The Kentucky butter cake was a large square of dense, super moist, almost oozing butter, sponge cake. The three halves of strawberries had slightly sweet syrup. The Chantelle cream was good. 
Beware it is a lot of food for a great price. Plus the service Was great. They got me fed was in 45 minute so that I could catch my train.The food was good but expensive which is not what I was expecting. They're all small plates so you have to order a bunch of things if you want to leave content. My meal was $8 for small bowl of dirty rice, $5 slider, $15 hot chicken. All very good though. The place was also very slow and understaffed. They had 2 waiters for the whole restaurant and the one bearded guy came across as rude but I think he was just so busy and flustered he didn't have time to be a welcoming host. It's also kind of annoying that the food comes out at all different times. My 3 things came out at different times over the course of an hour. Idk if that's just how all fancy places run but I wasn't really vouching. Decor and food were good though.The fried chicken was dynamite - both in flavor and heat. But the real star was the catfish. The okra was perfect and the fish was light and flaky. Southern hummus was delicious and the shrimp and grits satisfied.Sad to hear this place is closed or is planning to close.  They serve great food at a decent price and the collard greens are to die for.  I could literally eat this dish as a soup with the bread.  Yum.  Also their bartender was awesome and made me a special honey whiskey after dinner drink.  It was delish.  Love this place.The Fat Ham is one of my favorite restaurants in philly! which is saying a lot. The hot chicken is out of this world. great cocktails, nice vibe, and all of the other food I've had (including the mustard greens, corn bread was fantastic). But definitely don't miss the hot chicken. The only reason this doesn't get 5 stars is that it can sometimes be annoying -- the bar area is small/crowded which makes the fact that they don't seat you until your whole party is there a bit annoying (especially coming after work when people trickle in). They also won't take reservations for large groups unless you go through a special events person -- I tried to make a reservation for 8 and that was too much. I called and left a voicemail for the special events person and never received a call back. All in all still one of my favorite spots and I've never been disappointed by the food and drinks :)Four of us went on a Friday night at 7.  We were seated at an awkward table right in the front, near the window, not a fan of that and I forgot how small this location is.  The waiter recommended 3-4 dishes per person, but we each ordered about two.  I had the oyster slider based on all the reviews, and I thought it was good, not something I normally get, so I can't really compare.  I also went for the hot chicken.  I was a little nervous about the spice level, but the ranch is really good, and I was able to handle it.  Some in the group argued that it may be the best fried chicken.  It's just a little too spicy for me to call it the best, but I did enjoy it.  We finished the meal by sharing a skillet cookie.  It had a sea salt like ice cream on top which was delicious, and I wish there had been more of it to balance out the chocolate.  I think I would go back to hang out at the bar.PROS: Decent portion-to-price ratio, great flavor combinations, hip ambiance
CONS: Not vegetarian friendly, limited space
The Fat Ham seems to be bustling with customers and was as busy as ever. Due to this, the wait times are lengthy, with the wait staff rushing to and fro. The food, served tapas-style, is solid for what it is --- Southern comfort food at its finest --- well-balanced and not overly heavy. There are not many vegetarian options, though they can make several dishes vegetarian upon request (but really, this place was not made for vegetarians). Overall, a solid dining spot when you have some moolah to blow.Fat ham was good, but we didn't totally love it.  Everything was extremely fried, which is ok, but it was a bit much.  The red velvet cake also looked awesome, but it was just pretty ok.  We had at least half of the menu (a party of 4).  Unlike some of the other reviewers, we didn't love the oyster sliders.  It was mostly fried+mayo+grease (not enough oyster).  The hot chicken was also hugely underwhelming (which surprised us, since it is talked up a lot here).  The charcuterie was really good, especially the pickles that came with it.  The mac and cheese was ok, but it was quite small and a little mushy.  Overall, for the price, it's an ok place, but it's definitely not one of my top picks in Philly.Had the chance to get back to The Fat Ham for a proper dining experience with my colleagues on a Monday evening. Was disappointed to hear that the much-touted cookie skillet was no longer on the menu (tears!) and they seemed to be out of most of their wines (no pinot noir upon arrival, and the malbec ran out during our meal.) However, we did enjoy the meal and left quite full. There were 4 of us, and we tried 10 different dishes:
Charcuterie Plate
Southern Hummus
Grilled Trout (upon the waitress' recommendation, kind of meh)
Shrimp & Grits
Roasted Root Vegetables
Collard Greens
Baked Mac & Cheese
Charred Cabbage
Hot Chicken 
Pulled Pork
Stand outs were the hummus (again, it's heaven), Shrimp & Grits, Collard Greens, and the Hot Chicken. We ordered the Grilled Trout upon the waitress' recommendation, but it was just kind of meh. I'm going to call them every day, stalk them like a jilted lover, until they bring that cookie skillet back.
Also PHILLY CELEB SPOTTING: Pierre & Charlotte Calmels (of Bibou & Le Cherie fame) were dining en famille just across the tiny restaurant, which is the closest I have ever come to anyone famous that I give a hoot about. Their presence, to me, speaks volumes about the quality of The Fat Ham. Go. Indulge. Leave fat & hammy.Came here with the family, and while it was not my choice to come here for a family dinner since my family are old school Asians who would not eat anything outside of Chinatown - I was excited as I have dined at Sbraga which is my type of a fancy meal.  We had the Family style "tasting" menu at $65/pp and some highlights included the Pimento cheese starter which tasted like cheese salsa on crack served with toast. It was so good I wanted to run out and buy a bag of tortilla chips and savor every last spoonful of queso. We also enjoyed the Fat Ham board aka Kevin Sbraga's brand of Charcuterie genius which consists of silky liver mousse and pate served over toast and literally fat ham defining it's own name.  I also absolutely loved the pork rinds with cheese sauciness. I never thought of ever using pork rinds to substitute eating it as nachos but the idea works. I know what to do at next year's Super Bowl party. The drinks were also very complementary of the meal as the Memphis Mule is the type of cocktail you want if you are into ginger. Good thing I am. The negatives - while the Hot fried chicken and oyster sliders are popular items here and they weren't necessarily bad but it did not blow me away either.  I attribute this to the inherent nature of a family style tasting menu at a southern deep fried eatery.  All you're getting after awhile is a lot of cholesterol and I certainly felt my blood pressure rising with each course.  My opinion of this place may have been different if I had ordered the traditional way but I still felt the fried chicken was overpowered with spice and the oyster slider lacked harmony between the bun and oyster which is an essential requirement for success for any sandwich. I felt it more enjoyable to just leave the roll and eat the oyster alone.  Of the three desserts offered the Mississippi Mud Pie is the must get item, a clever concoction of chocolate gooey ness in a mason mug.  I would definitely give this place another shot as I am a big fan of Kevin Sbraga. The service was great and the presentation of all the plates were a work of art.After reading the Phila Inquirer review, we went to the Fat Ham and it did not disappoint! Everything was fresh and amazing. The hot chicken was HOT and delicious!! Everything we ordered was out of this world. The bartender/server at the bar, Dan, was outstanding. Great personality and best of all attentive service (it was very busy) This is now my favorite restaurant!!Got to The Fat Ham for our 8:45 reservation and was escorted to our table right away. Good thing to cause I was starving...my wife and I started with the fried oyster sliders and the fried whitefish (Flounder). Both were excellent, but the slider was the standout here. One per person should do it, they are actually pretty big. The flounder was very good, but I have had better. Next we shared the ribs (wow), Mac and cheese and the infamous HOT chicken (which lives up to the hype). The ribs were better than Percy st but not quite on the fette sau level. The chicken was by far and away the best dish of the night and a top 5 in Philly. The old fashioned was good but small and not as good as stateside. I would rate this place a 4.5 if yelp allowed it. Definitely going back soonI would compare this place to Twisted Tail.  Pretty good Southern food.  
I tried the hot chicken, the shrimp and grits, the mac and cheese, and the collards.  The best of it might have been the entrees.  The hot chicken is worth the raves that it gets, and the shrimp and grits were pretty good.  I was a little disappointed in the mac and cheese.  I think it might be a bit over hyped.  
There was a spicy tequila cocktail that I would recommend.
I didn't like how rushed everything was, certainly did not have a southern feel to it in that respect.  Service was friendly enough but sort of off, disorganized and seemed confused.Portion and price does not match up for a southern place. I was taken back by how small the portions were. Pretty disappointed with TFH BBQ. Ribs were little dry and pulled pork still tasted much like the liquor it was made in. The Hot chicken is not what you should get. Comes out bright red and tastes like Hot Fries . watch out it spicy. Mac and cheese is average and cornbread salty. The place is pretty small but has a huge whisky and bourbon selection. Staff is quick and check up on you often. Overall 2 starsWhoop whoop! Another Top Chef restaurant experienced. Kevin Sbraga's The Fat Ham is one that I've been eyeing every time I walk home from downtown. It's a random location, yet it's so incredibly popular. It's conveniently located near campus for me, so my friends and I took a quick walk over to try out what we heard was a delicious (but expensive) experience.
And...it was expensive. But it was pretty good! It's supposed to have a southern spirit, so the grits (both kinds) were the star of the show. They really awkwardly didn't have the mac n cheese when we went in, so I might go back for it another time. They did make up for it, however, with the peanut banana pudding on the house, which was fairly spongey and light for a dessert - just what a needed after the heaviness of fried chicken, fried fish, grits, and a casserole. 
The waitress told us that we should order about 3 - 4 dishes per person, and she wasn't wrong. We thought we could get away with order just a couple to save some cash, but alas...we were still pretty hungry. Be prepared to try a lot and spend a lot.Awesome place! Service is great and the food some of the best in philly.Most amazing food, and the entire staff is friendly and very helpful. I drive two hours from baltimore up to Philly just to eat at the fat ham.Out of all the restaurants in Philadelphia, my friend and I picked the Fat Ham for our night out in the city. We wanted something trendy, casual, and an experience. The Fat Ham fit the bill. 
We made reservations for 9 pm, although when we arrived on a Friday night, we realized we didn't really need them. 
We were seated at one of the small tables, in the middle of the restaurant. The dining room is pretty narrow, which I found out when the servers kept knocking my coat off of my chair. It would have been nice if they had offered to hang it somewhere or put it on a nearby table. 
Two waiters kind of, sort of, waited on us. Honestly it was confusing and kind of a pain. I ordered a beer from a brewery in my hometown called Voodoo. It was their Pilsner. I understand the cost of craft beer but the less than a pint I received for $7 was a little disappointing. My friend ordered their Mule and loved it. 
One of the waiters suggested ordering 4-6 plates. Oh, boy. I'm glad we only ordered four in the end! 
We ordered the skillet corn bread, mustard BBQ wings, baked macaroni and cheese, and one of their specials - half a grilled chicken served with coleslaw. 
Skillet corn bread - would definitely order it again and it's not something that I usually order! YUM. Melts in your mouth. Very flavorful. 
Mac and Cheese - nothing special. This was my friend's choice. I don't order mac and cheese at restaurants. And it definitely hadn't been baked. It was just served in a cast iron skillet and the bread crumbs on top might have been toasted in the oven briefly. 
Mustard BBQ wings - YES! ORDER THESE. They were my favorite. Great quality wings. Crispy. Just a little spicy.
Grilled Chicken Special - YUM, YUM. I wish we could have eaten more. It was the last thing to arrive and we were so full because the wings are huge! Served with vinegar based slaw that was a little limp. 
The tables are way too small for the timing of the dishes. We needed more time so that we didn't have plates crowded into each other at the table. I felt like I was going to knock my glass off of the table multiple times. 
Prices were good - besides the mac and cheese. The serving was really small for $9, even though the pasta was unique. The wings were a great value because they were so large and tasty. The cornbread might be a little high too, it's pretty small for $8. Even $7 would make me feel better about ordering it again. 
I would streamline the service and maybe find a place to hang coats since the dining room is so narrow. 
Great experience. Food was freshly prepared in the visible kitchen and good enough to go back!Decent small plate set-up. Our drinks were great and the building itself is cool.  The food however was hit or miss (nothing was bad but we were hoping for more from some of our plates - especially the cornbread). We'd be willing to try it again at some point to try different stuff but found it to be overpriced and just okay on our first try.***Delicious but Slightly Overpriced American food***
First off, it's a small place, so make reservations. Despite its proximity to Penn/Drexel, seemed to be a fairly middle-aged to older crowd.
Food:
-Southern Hummus: I had just eaten at Zahav the night before, and I knew this wouldn't be as good but I was still intrigued. The bread was warm, crispy, delicious (reminded me of Zingerman's). The hummus was good but did not blow me away...the portion could have been a bit larger (the bowl its served in is deceptively small), and I think it could have benefitted from being slightly warmed beyond room temperature perhaps with some olive oil/seasonings. Maybe this would have made it more Greek/Italian than "Southern," but I think it would have made it better (are the peanuts supposed to make it southern?).
-Oyster Sliders: worthy splurge at $5. Would totally be awesome but not financially feasible to do AYCE with these. My one complaint is that the oysters seemed to individually vary in size. If I returned, I would definitely order another one of these again.
-Baked Mac and Cheese: About what I expected. Very good, served in a pan. However, I felt this was just M&C with a BBQ seasoning on top. Again, the M&C was very good, but it wasn't really all that unique/special/Southern. 
-Fried Whitefish: served over a bed of chopped vegetables that actually very nicely complemented the whitefish. 
-Grilled Asparagus: one of the more reasonably priced dishes at $6. Came with a nice gravy like sauce. Probably the most justifiably "Southern" dish I tried.
The individual dishes are pretty small, and the food isn't particularly novel (or for that matter even Southern as much as simply American). They recommend ordering 3 dishes per person which could really add up. I would probably be a bigger fan if the portions were larger. Otherwise, it was all great.
FINAL VERDICT: Very good food and service, but felt overpriced for small portions of simple dishes.  Definitely a nice restaurant if you can afford it, but on a student budget I probably won't return.Hurry up and get to Fat Ham if you haven't.  Went for lunch this week and it was excellent.  Cute place, nice service and great food.  We had the grilled beets, hummus, burger and hot chicken.  All were amazing.  Definitely going back to try their other items that are on the dinner menu but not the lunch menu.  Go!If you are a foodie, I highly recommend that you make your way to The Fat Ham.  My girlfriend and I have been several times and have never been disappointed.  Great flavors and twists on some traditional meals that really takes them to the next level.  The hot chicken and the lavender honey chicken are both great choices.  Cornbread, collards and macaroni & cheese with exceed your expectations.  Great atmosphere and the service is good.  Oh and the drinks are delicious too!  Nabia was our server and she was very attentive and on point.  We'll be back soon!This place is amazing! Truly a hidden a gem in University City. Visited on a Friday night with a party of 4. We loved the all American rustic feel and atmosphere and were amazed at the selection of all American whiskey available. Our server Mike was really cool and explained the whiskey and the small plates menu. 
The Fat Ham is way more than just HAM! We ended up ordering 12 plates (which all had amazing tastes...every dish was VERY flavorful). 
Standouts include:
-HOT CHICKEN - it was fried perfectly and tossed with the special "HOT" sauce which was very HOT, but deeeeelicious and we could not stop eating it. We ended up getting 3 orders of the HOT CHICKEN!
-The Sweet Cornbread topped with Molasses Butter just melted in our mouths! 
-The Fat Ham Board - had a little bit of everything for everyone even some pickled strawberries. 
This place is definitely a do-over and we will visit again soon!Fat Ham is an outstanding addition to University City and Sabraga definitely did it right. I've been here twice for drinks and food and thoroughly enjoyed everything I've had on the menu. Some stand-out items for me were obviously the Hot Chicken (only if you can deal with heat), the charred cabbage, the mustard greens and the ricotta cheese. I've also had the mac n cheese and the shrimp and grits. Both of those were also good, but not as unique as the rest. The first time I went to TFH I also had one of the best drinks I've ever had that consisted of peach vodka and ginger beer, unfortunately I think this was a seasonal special, but I have my fingers crossed that they bring it back (Please, Fat Ham!!). I'm already excited to go back to try the pork belly sliders and I have my eye on a few of their desserts. The only complaint I have is that it seems like they tried to fit in too many tables into such a small space, but I get that they had to work with the space they were given and once the weather is nicer and the outdoor space opens I think it will be much better.Overall disappointing. To start, we got the ricotta, which was nothing special, and the oyster sliders, which were below my expectations. Our waiter warned us that the hot chicken would be "extremely spicy" which it wasn't. The chicken was very greasy, and didn't really have any unique flavor. The mac and cheese was below average as well! Definitely did not meet my expectations.Excellent experience! Ordered most of the menu, and everything was spectacular. Nice cozy atmosphere. Standout was the Mac and Cheese, but the collard greens, and blackened catfish were tied for a close second. That's not to take away from anything else, but those things were so good, they had to be mentioned above the rest. I loved the fried chicken, but fair warning, it may have been the spiciest I've ever had! Not that that's a bad thing.....Pricey but worth it. Great southern style food and with spraga's twist. Really good bar as well. Get the can of champagneWe went to The Fat Ham last night for two reasons- to try the "Hot Fried Chicken" and to taste that delicious chocolate chip cookie dessert that is featured on the website (more on the cookie later).  
It was Tuesday night and we didn't have a reservation and the restaurant was packed. The hostess accommodated us nicely. There was so many good things on the menu! The Hot Fried Chicken was nestled on a piece of white bread with ranch dressing, dill, pickles and hot sauce.  Delicious.  My only recommendation is to warn people up front about the level of heat- it was just a tad bit much for me. But no worries, easy to fix- I'll just hold the hot sauce the next time.  
The pulled pork was a vinegar based pork and the pork belly and beans were delicious as well. The mac and cheese was too much roux and not enough cheese. The butternut soup was smooth- but then I bit into the pumpkin seeds- not a good combo. I had to slurp and chew; it just confused my mouth. But, the dish that was near perfection was the "roasted root vegetables." Very clean and simply cooked. The food overall was wonderful, the staff were pleasant, and the ambiance was very nice.  
Here comes the zinger. So, after our meal is done, I am looking forward to trying the chocolate chip cookie bar that is featured so nicely on the website gallery- and one of the precise reasons I wanted to try The Fat Ham. The bartender presents the dessert menu... I scroll down...and no chocolate chip cookie bar on the menu. I ask the bartender about the cookie bar and he informs me that "we don't make that anymore."  I give him my gas face (lips tighten, eyes squint, head semi rolls). Minus 5 points for Kevy-Kev Sbraga.  I recommend The Fat Ham either update its website or else be prepared to whip that cookie up if a customer asks for it.  Why tease, if you can't please, Kevin?I would give the food here 4.5 stars but we were asked to leave by the hostess which... front if house 101... you NEVER do.  It is also worth mentioning we were seated at 8 and kicked out at 9:45 so were not there unreasonably long.  The food was great (most notably the pulled pork and catfish) but having my meal interrupted by pushy staff is a big turn off.Used to be Tria and the space hasn't changed. Still tight and cozy. Tasted the carolina rice (with oxtail) that was very very tasty. The collard green with pork was surprisingly good. I've never been a big fan of collard green but they cooked it well, and it's a bit spicy. The pulled pork was fine, the beans really made the dish. Hot chicken was spicier than expected--the toast made a good balance though (and soaked up all the juice). Ricotta cheese was a great start to the meal with the bread with charred edges. 
For dessert we had the red velvet cake that had cream cheese (i think) as well...so delicious and moist. Servers had great attitudes and were wonderful. Many people even ate by the bar area. Great use of the space.
Crazy whiskey selection. Bartender said it's all american too.Went in with a friend for lunch. Chicken was delicious, ham and eggs just ok, needed a bit more zip to my mind. Mac and cheese was very good, as was the mustard greens salad. My complaint was portion size/price ratio. I normally hate commenting on portion sizes, since that shouldn't be the measure of a restaurant. This ain't Royal Buffet. But its basically a "small plates" concept so if you order, say, the ham and eggs and the mac and cheese you've already dropped over 20 bucks on lunch and might still leave feeling a bit hungry. Add the salad and now its 30 bucks before you've ordered something to drink. Fine if that's what you want, but pricey for essentially a casual lunch.I like Fat Ham. It's a small classy restaurant where you can get drinks with friends or take a date. The menu is small and crafty and the food is savory. The plates are serves tapas style so you should order 3 things per person. Me and my date ordered oyster slider, shrimp and grits, hot chicken, picketed shrimp and another southern dish. All very good. My favorite was the oyster slider and the shrimp and grits. Only the second time I've had them at a restaurant and they were delicious. Oyster good but you need more than one. The hit chicken people rave over was over seasoned and way to salty. It was good and the seasoning was good just over seasoned. Otherwise the service and atmosphere is warm and casual. Nice small kitchen and my only suggestion would be since the kitchen is open that the cooks would practice better behaviors since customers are wAtching.The flavors surely do tickle the tastebuds at this tiny bote. But the portions are tiny...yes, I know it is a tapas place but I don't think that Southern cuisine lends itself to that type of thing. The Hot chicken was well made but too hot. Mouth burning, water needing on fire hot. Loved the cornbread but a tiny portion for $8 is just absurd. I enjoyed the Shrimp and Grits and the Oyster sliders. But would I return? Nope. Regular meals, not small plates, with a proper dinner meal, would be a huge improvement. As it is, it's pretty much a ripoff.Not the best location but the food and service is spot on. Tapas style so shared a bunch of small plates. Rotating beers is a plusWhere do I begin??? 
My husband and I ate at Fat Ham this past week. It was phenomenal! We had the pickled shrimp--spicy and tart and so good! The hummus was also good! Then we had the blackened cat fish, which was wonderful. But the highlights were definitely the shrimp and grits and the hot chicken. The grits were to die for--I hate to think about how much butter was in them, but whatever, they were amazing. The hot chicken was spicy and flavorful. 
We ended our meal with the pecan pie, which was also delicious. I highly recommend this restaurant. The services was also great--everyone was so friendly, smiling and gracious. GREAT PLACE!Stopped in for dinner , I think we ordered one of everything on the menu.  We started with the pimento cheese with grilled bread, this was my first time having pimento cheese and it was very tasty, we cleaned the bowl. The oyster sliders were delicious, the oysters were nicely fried, not greasy, and they were topped with a slaw that was a nice compliment.  Next up was the Shrimp and grits, the grits had a nice flavor and could stand on their own, however they were accompanied by fresh juicy shrimp.  We then had the fried green tomato BLt stack, the dish consisted of friend green tomatoes, yummy thick cut bacon on a grilled slice of bread. We had a pork dish that was delicious it contained grilled peaches and it was tender and juicy. The blackened asparagus is topped with ham relish, a must try! We tried the pork rinds, they were accompanied by a refried bean and sour cream concoction. Our last dish was dessert, buttermilk pie, it has a texture similar to pecan pie but no where near as sweet, the taste is comparable to vanilla custard but not quite.  It was so good, I highly recommend it.Started off the wagyu sliders and the grilled beet appetizers. Disappointed with the wagyu sliders, no flavor and it texturally felt like a cheap frozen burger patty. The grilled beers were good and the lemon dressing had nice flavor. For my entree, I had the hot chicken. This was hot but not overwhelming and I enjoyed the dish. The mac and cheese was also disappointing, lacking cheese flavor and consistency. 
I heard really good things but this place and hope it was an off night. I was also thrown off because I thought it was Tapas style but I think they are in the process of changing that. Don't plan on going back.Just popped in for a quick drink after work with a colleague, and we were pleasantly surprised. The service was excellent, and our bartender took a lot of time to explain the drink & food menus. I love hearing about what a place has to offer. My colleague is a vegetarian, so a number of the meat dishes were out, but we had a lot of choices that could easily be made meat-free, which was cool. We snacked on the mustard greens (well-dressed and fresh) and the southern hummus, which was nothing like I've ever tasted before, but I cannot wait to taste it again. I'm already thinking of all the other folks I want to bring here so that I can try more dishes the next time.Read about The Fat Ham in a Philly publication during a recent trip.  As a southern girl now living above the Mason-Dixon line, I was excited to go. Called ahead and put our name on the list. Seated with no wait; no discernible wait during the evening despite the good reviews and nice weather. Server was attentive, and explained the shared, small plate concept. (Plenty has been written about the small portions/large prices. I concur.) Host (owner?) helped serve as well, though not very conversational. Beers were small. Low country punch was tasty, yet FULL of ice so also small quantity. Food was served as it was ready, not in courses (despite the menu designations), so it was fun to not know what was coming next. Pimento bread and cheese was good; cheese had a little spicyness that made it better than the version you might usually eat on plain white bread at home. Cornbread was small and definitely tasted of corn; ours was slightly burnt with a dense, campfire consistency. Squash fritters were not the large, fried succulent breads you might expect. One reviewer likens them to spaetzle and that works. Flavorful. The grits (in the shrimp and grits that I try everywhere I can) were quite good. Not too thick, not too thin, and well seasoned. The dirty rice was yummy. It was even better because it was a little drier than what you get in some places where it becomes gummy. And the crispy Andouille sausage was a great addition. The BBQ platter had moist pulled pork, overly dry St Louis ribs, and unremarkable bread. Mac and cheese did the south no credit. Wings were large, crispy, and right-out-of-the fryer hot. You might ask for a little extra mustard BBQ sauce. It was very tasty. The brisket sliders were tender and could have also used a little extra (white) sauce. Desserts were quite small in baby Mason jars and not really reminiscent of their southern antecedents. Overall, a satisfying meal.Have been dying to get here every since I heard they fry their lobster tails.  Came last year for hubby's birthday totally missed their serving hours.  Waited an entire year to come again and wouldn't you know it was pouring down rain.  
I mean we really worked to get to this place.
And it was meh although it seemed popular.
Why didn't I think of that?  Call it small plates, charge $10-$16 a plate with a tablespoon of food and get rich. Five cents worth of collard greens.  The guy is a genius.   The place is tiny but really nice inside.  Despite other reviews, our waiter was nice.  The servings are tiny, but the food so rich, we actually couldn't finish our food.  I wasn't really disappointed.  We eat out a lot so we're all about discovering new places.
What got me was the drink.  Don't charge me $12 for a drink and not make it from entirely fresh ingredients.  From a mix?  Really?  No, no, that's bad.  When I order an expensive drink that barely has any alcohol in it at least use fresh lemons, fresh mint, fresh whatever.  Do. not. make. the. drinks. from. bottled. mixes.  bad bad bad.  Mixes never taste like the real thing and have an awful after taste.
Yeah, but I really would recommend visiting at least once.  We actually enjoyed ourselves.  I had two beers and that premade drink and did get a nice buzz.  Two people and it ran around $80-$90 before tip.  We pretty much had a taste of everything on the menu.
And you know what?  They don't served the fried lobster tail on Saturday afternoon.  Be sure to check the operating hours because they serve during narrow periods of time twice a day.Took my son here the other day(5/15/15). Puts you in the mind of a Southern tapas restaurant. Small venue and small plates with big flavor. Had my eye on the Hot Chicken before I came to this place and it did not disappoint. Tasty chicken with a little kick.Amazing! After rave reviews from my family, we went here for my birthday dinner and Fat Ham exceeded my expectations. 
The Lavender Honey wings were succulent and the amount of honey & lavender perfectly complemented the wing. I hope this item never leaves the menu.
The Hot Chicken lives up to the hype - tender with a kick, this is also an incredible dish. We ended up ordering two of these since we couldn't get enough! 
Other notable mentions include the Mac & Cheese (another dish so nice, we ordered it twice ;)), the Pulled Pork Sliders, Mustard Green Salad, and the TFH BBQ plate. Cocktails were delicious & refreshing on a muggy 97 degree evening in Philadelphia.Pretty solid u city place. The food isn't mind blowing good but the plates are small and shareable so good date or group eating place. The bourbon list and drinks are the stars. I would give it 4 stars if it weren't for the price. Not quite worth the price.I was disappointed to see that the Ham & Eggs came with cubes of boring boneless ham. I can get that at the deli counter in the Supermarket. This is supposed to be a southern restaurant, how about a fat slab of salty Country Ham? That just seems like common sense to me.The South comes over to the West side, and I've fallen in love!
I sat at the bar and ordered an old-fashioned to start, and it was delicious. Simple cocktail that was not too sweet and just the right amount of bitters. After some recommendations from the bartender, I chose the Ricotta Cheese as an appetizer. I really enjoyed this, and I craved for more. The bread comes grilled, and the cheese is easy to spread with a light hint of the black eyed peas for flavor. I ordered more bread because four pieces just wasn't enough!
Next up, friend and I ordered the Grilled Trout, Pork Belly, and the Collard Greens. These dishes are meant for sharing, but honestly, I was hoping that I could just eat them all for myself! Grilled trout was cooked to perfection, and the Pork Belly was a nice take on pork and beans. The collard greens were a nice surprise with generous chunks of pork shank. Seriously, the flavors from all of these dishes were on point.
I am hoping the menu doesn't change because I will be back! And I am super excited that it's opened for lunch!Service: very good but brisk
Cocktail: Delicious
Mustard greens: too hot 
Buttermilk pie: a real disappointment 
But... the chicken.  OMFG, The Chicken!!!!
So, Five stars for the cluck
Three stars for everything elseAs a vegetarian I never thought I would end up in this place.  Well I ended up here on a whim for a friend's going away party and it was amazing!  First of all, the place is cozy, warm and chic.  There are several dishes that are vegetarian:  mustard greens (give to us compliments of the chef), hummus, ricotta cheese dish and the mac and cheese.  They were all amazing.  They also had several dishes which they also made vegetarian with no issues and they were still delicious.  My friends ordered the fried chicken and told me it was a pity I don't eat meat.  Guess it was pretty good.  Very impressed by Kevin Sbraga's relatively new endeavor.Hot Chicken!  What a fucking brilliant dish, and such an artful study in contrasts: fiery, peppery chicken vs. a bed of cool ranch and dill, sublimely crispy skin vs. a tender, juicy interior.  It's also strangely addictive: 24 hours later, and I'm already craving it again big time. This was the best thing I've eaten in a while, period.  
The oyster sliders were also great, especially with a dash of hot sauce  - a refined, mini-poboy of sorts.  Strongly recommended.
One of the biggest surprises was the smoked lamb belly.  I expected something simple and bacon-y, but instead I was treated to a wonderfully complex bite of lamb with an almost foie gras-like texture.  
Other standouts: collard greens & ham hocks, country fried lobster tail, carolina gold rice with ox tail, and a delicately tasty grilled trout. 
Service was spot on and attentive in just the right amount.  The only fault I could find was the wine list: both wines by the glass were a bit underwhelming, as was our bottle of Grner.  As I understand, their liquor program is not yet  fully implemented, so I won't hold it against them too much at this point.
Outstanding!The ONLY downside is that the food came out too quick. Otherwise, this place is amazing. Mustard greens, pimiento cheese, oyster sliders, and hot fried chicken all were amazing. We'll definitely be back again. So good!I loved The Fat Ham!
Chef Sbraga came right up to our table to help us figure out what to get.  He was so friendly & helpful and was really honest about the menu (his favorites vs. not so favorites). He even took the time to explain how they got the smoked flavor in the ricotta when my friend asked him about it. Our group ordered a LOT of food & even got to sample a couple of things on the house.  
The standouts: the ricotta, the oyster sliders, shrimp & grits, blackened catfish special, charred cabbage.  We also got the mustard greens, charcuterie, southern hummus, roasted root vegetables, collard greens, mac & cheese, pork belly, hot chicken, pulled pork, fried lobster tail & banana pudding...ha! Like I said, LOTS of food. Trust me, every single thing we tried was amazingly delicious, but a few things really stood out as exceptional. The best way to experience The Fat Ham would be to get a group of 4 to 6 people together (it's a small place and I don't think they can accommodate much more of a group than that) and order as many different things as you possibly can so you can sample it all. 
As for the drinks, I found the Fat Apple to be a bit too sweet. Service was great and the dishes came out as they were ready. Can't wait to return!I love Fat Ham! Now that I put it out there I'll tell you why. I went for my birthday with 8 people. The place is small but cool and the service was fantastic. My brilliant wife set it up so that we tasted EVERYTHING on the menu, served family style. What was so delightfully surprising, not one dud on the menu. Actually it was all amazing with the exception of the collard greens which were merely very good. Ha! The corn bread w/ Taso ham was dripping in butter, the Whiting fish with chow chow was superb and I could go on but I must get to the shrimp and grits. I am not a fan... Until Fat Ham. OMG! ( and I never do OMG) but Holy Christ was it good! 
I have been trying to get here for a year so it wouldn't be surprising if my expectation exceeded the actual meal but no. They say that souther food comes from the heart and it was clear that Mr Sbroga put his in every plate. Thank you, thank you, thank you. This is the kind of experience you hope for when you head out for a special evening.I love southern food, and this place does it well! Enough for you to want more, and fried to perfection (aka not greasy).
The place is so cute and homey! They have a nice bar area with a HH menu from 5-7PM (only available at the bar seating). The restaurant itself is small, with the seat and table size proportional as well.
My friend and I tried the oyster sliders, shrimp and grits, green bean casserole and of course the hot chicken. For dessert, we had the cranberry apple cobbler. 
The oyster sliders are a must get! The oysters are huge and creamy, and the crispy fried batter is delicious. The shrimp and grits are wonderful too - I didn't think I would like them when my friend ordered it. However, it's definitely on the small side for $14 a plate (4 shrimps and over a few spoonfuls of grits). The green bean casserole is decent, and not a bad veggie addition. I personally didn't think the hot chicken was spectacular. Yes, it was tender, juicy, crispy and flavorful. However, I think the spiciness of the batter (dry spice rub) overpowered my tastebuds to truly enjoy the chicken. However, take this with a grain of salt as I am someone who enjoys spicy foods, but usually asks for mild. The cranberry apple cobbler was probably the most disappointing dish of the night, but still a nice way to round out the meal.A solid four star for food alone however 3 overall due to the latter of my review.
Every single thing we ordered was delicious! Hummus, pimento cheese, cabbage, catfish, hot chicken, whitefish, mac and cheese, Mississippi mud pie... Each item was better than the last. We tried to order the pork however it was ready! Oversight considering the restaurant was already open nearly two hours at this stage. Drinks were ok, not great. Manager was efficient and professional. Dining room is cute. 
Now for the only real negative! Our waiter. A robotic bro with an elevated opinion of himself who not only argued with the table adjacent and visibly made multiple facial and body gestures of what he thought of said table (in the smallest restaurant ever may I add) he finished the night off my shaking my husbands hand and thanking "him" for coming whilst I sat opposite paying the check... Fingers crossed my husband takes me out for dinner again. If I truly behave myself maybe I'll get to choose where we go. Alas it won't be here.I have to admit that I liked this place before I came in the door because of the name. Fat Ham. Ballsy, fun, I just know I would like the person who conceived of and executed this place. I was not disappointed. Delicious food. Small plates, but not so small you are left hungry. Great variety of options to please both meat eaters and those other people who are skinny and will live forever. Solid drinks. It is a cute place with nice decor. But small. We had to go through an online interview process to get a table for 6 people--but it was worth it. I believe otherwise they don't take reservations. It is the best place within immediate walking distance of 30th Street Station, so a good place to go if you have a friend hopping off the train for a quick meal and visit. I'll be back!The food was amazing the services was confusing at best. It seems like they switched from a mainly a la carte menu to a traditional entree based menu, but the service hasn't caught up. 
Our first dish (mac and cheese one of our entrees) arrived even before our drinks. My date had to wait for both our drinks and my meal to be served while her dish grew cold. I ordered corn bread as a side to my bbq, it came out after we finished eating all of our other dishes. 
At one point the manager dropped a dish on our table in a rather brusque maneuver. Not sure if he was trying to be helpful or what, but whatever it was it wasn't appealing. 
The food was amazing, but at best it will be a while before I go back. Here's to hoping they figure the service out.Fatty indeed. But so delicious! We came in on a Friday night, but had to wait for an open table - I would recommend making a reservation in advance. We started off with some drinks. I had the 'central city' beer, which basically tasted like spiked apple juice, and my friend ordered the Booker's Tea, which was fresh, minty, and probably better for a hot summer day than a cold winter evening. Then, we split the oyster sliders (5/5), which was absolutely delectable with the hot sauce. We also had the southern hummus. The bread was chewy, slightly charred on the sides, and well buttered. Hint: you can inquire for more bread if you have any remaining hummus! We also split the hot chicken. Caution: contents are HOT!!! The spiciness doesn't hit you at first, but it grows with increasing intensity after you've eaten it. The ranch on the bread helped to soothe the spiciness, but not really.
Overall, good service and a great experience. Would come again.Went to The Fat Ham for a friend's birthday dinner. I must say I am a fan! The restaurant is small so I highly recommend making reservations. There were hit and misses with the food we ordered, but overall good experience.
We ordered the Southern hummus and Mustard greens to start off our meal. I really enjoyed the mustard greens. Very fresh and lightly dressed  with Benne seeds and peanuts. The hummus was good but nothing special about it when compared to other Hummus I tried.
Next we ordered Shrimp and Grits and Brook Trout! LOVED both of the dishes! These were by far my favorite!! The trout was lightly battered and crispy~ Shrimp and grits had a great combination of flavors and was perfectly cooked!!! 
For main dishes we had Collard Greens, Carolina Gold Rice, and Hot Chicken. The Hot Chicken was definitely spicy!!!! Too spicy for my taste. The chicken was crispy and soft/juicy inside, but the level of spiciness really caught me by surprise. If you like really spicy this dish is for you! The Collard Greens and Carolina Gold Rice was nicely cooked but a little salty for my taste. 
We ended our meal with their banana pudding. Not the best banana pudding I've tasted but was decent.Great Southern cuisine in a wonderful setting. The collard greens are amazing and the hot chicken is out of this world! Quite possibly the best bourbon selection I have seen in Philadelphia as well. Can't say enough good things about this place, a definite must if you are in town.Awesome awesome awesome place.  Small menu with different delicious options.  The grits and fried chicken were insane.  By the far most moist chicken ive ever had.  The bartender was very cool and great at his job.  If I come back to phily im def coming back.Excellent new restaurant by former Top Chef winner Kevin Sbraga.
Fat Ham is upscale southern comfort food in a relaxed setting.
Highlights include:
- Oyster sliders
- Hot chicken
- charred cabbage
- pork bellyEverything was great.  The oyster sliders were delish, the hot chicken had an outstanding flavor and really was NOT as hot as everyone is making it out to be...  The pulled pork, perfect.  Charred cabbage, a home run.  The cat fish, excellent.  The mac and cheese could've used some salt.  
One thing I took away-- DO NOT expect a dining experience here as I did.  You are in and out.  Very casual, very quick.Well played, Spraga, well played.
We went in for the Sunday Night, family style dinner.  I am not sure that any Yankee is welcome to comment on whether this is authentic southern, but it was some damn fine eating. 
No choices - you are eatin' what they are cookin', but everything was just as tasty a [insert some cutesy, down home southern saying here]...like I said...Yankee.
Mustard Green Caesar was a knockout. 
Peanut "Hummus" was just okay 
Beets with Lemon Yogurt  and frizzled shallots was bright. 
The Hot Chicken was REALLY Spicy and flavorful and crispy and succulent. Definitely the Star of the Show. Served with Dill Ranch and Pickles over toasted White Bread. Awesome take on a Nashville Fave.
Mac and Cheese was pretty okay - tough to screw up.
Pok +k, Collareds was excellent. Could have used something to sop up the Pot Likker with. Roast  was perfect,  gorgeous mash and gravy, highlight for sure.
Great portion size considering the number of dishes, and our server could not have been sweeter.
Criticisms: Was given 1 "salad sized" plate to serve myself for the entire meal and given some seriously lousy serving implements to get the job done with. 
Each course came out all at once, completely crowding our tiny table and overwhelming the mini plates we were given to eat from. 
Call it 3 courses if you need to, but please pace the dinner better.  It got a little awkward at the table at points.
I would definitely go back, I hope they iron out those couple kinks, but this place has real potential.
...um....y'allThe country captain wings is delicious, a little sweet, new flavor for me but really good. 
The hot chicken is spicy and small size. Taste good!
And the shrimp slides is fresh.
Good experience!The food was pretty good, but the portions were small.  Just felt like it wasn't worth the amount paid.  $$$ = fair enough, but be forewarned that they mean it.  expect to spend about $40/pp for take out for decent portions.  On the plus side, the staff was friendly, but not sure I'll be going back with places just as good nearby.My first time here was fantastic.  I went for drinks and small plates with my good friend. She and I arrived during happy hour. We had the dark and stormy, beet salad, and pink peppercorn wings. The salad was delicious and smoky. I enjoyed the wings, though the crust could have been crunchier, it had good flavor. Get there fast because it gets full fast. I'm glad we got a table, because the whole place was full in minutes. Next time I go I'll need to try more dishes. Service was great and Cathlene was very polite and helpful.Hot chicken is legit. Can be pricy though. Get a little dressed up before going. Make a reservation--was sitting at the counter while the tables were all reserved.Grabbed a delicious lunch at their food truck in Spruce Street Harbor Park! 
They have a nice little menu there: Texas Brisket, North Carolina Pulled Pork, some kind of fish sandwich, and sweet potato fries and street corn as sides!
I went with the North Carolina Pulled Pork. for $10 I thought the sandwich was a nice size and I really enjoyed it! It's not saucy, but very tender and smoky with the perfect amount of seasoning, and a little kick to it. The fried shallots (I think?) added some tartness and texture.
The street corn was awesome! Love the cheese and seasoning.If you want Southern, comfort food.  This is a great place for it..  We order almost one of every things, Love the Hot Sauce.  Southern with a twist of Asian.Very Good but a little pricey. I was there on a Sunday which is a set menu. Most of the dishes were very good with the exception of the cornbread which was just fine. I would recommend a more flavorful side condiment for the cornbread. The brisket was amazing. I enjoyed the dessert, a chocolate mud cake but given that we were two people and only given one slice I felt like they were being a bit stingy on the portion. After all we paid for two. All and all a very good Sunday dinner.This place drew me in with its ambiance... But I learned that it was the only good thing about it. My friend I sat at the bar for dinner and the bartender couldn't have been more rude. If you like pulled pork over a soggy piece of wonder bread soaked in vinegar , this is the place for you. #snobbyhipstersSolid, southern- inspired cuisine. All the dishes are served family style. We went with friends and it was suggested that we select 3 choices from the 3 categories. Everything was good. The shrimp and grits were the stand-out for me. The hot chicken and Brussel sprouts were a close second. I felt that there was perhaps not a lot of value as the dishes were rather small and the cost was rather high. Also,  as someone who gets down south quite a bit I didn't think this was a stand-out. There was an interesting tension in each dish. The flavors seemed to fight each other a bit. In the end however it was a decent southern meal in Yankee territory.An absolutely amazing meal. The oyster sliders and hot chicken are must haves! Lovely service and great cocktails as well.
Officially my favorite new restaurant in Philadelphia!Had a super romantic dinner here with the duder before going to World Cafe Live. The food was so great, really really tasty and nice portions. We had mustard greens, squash dumplings (delicate and delightful, they're southern style tiny dumplings instead of stuffed big jawns), blackened catfish (delightfully crispy!), collard greens (yum yum), and of course, hot chicken. If you eat anything, eat the hot chicken. Also, the red velvet cake was amazing. Great cocktails. Everything was wonderful. My duder went back three days later on a man date with a buddy.Top Chef?!! Really?!!
As I finished my entire 20 minutes into it and my dining partner hadn't received their entire and being uncomfortably avoided by the staff I waived down the hostess Dan who dismissively informed us that it was a new item menu item the timing of which had not yet been "worked out".
Meanwhile "top chef" Kevin Sbraga" was yacking  with the staff. Top Chef? Or Bottom Chef? What would Padma Lakshmi say?? Kevin...pack your knives and go!Definitely going back! I went with a friend and we split the ricotta (absolute must have...I contemplated licking the bowl), pulled pork (good but not necessarily a stand out), and each got our own mac and cheese (A cool concept and certainly delicious but, I felt it could have used more BBQ chip crumble to make that complexity a bit more prominent). Then came my favorite part of any meal but, especially this one: dessert. Although there were only three sweet offerings, our waitress sensed our indecision and after we each selected our respective desserts, she ended up bringing us the third on the house (possibly because they apparently brought us the wrong pork since it wasn't made according to my friend's food allergies which didn't have anything to do with the pork dish). We were certainly grateful for their generosity as the gratis dessert, peanut butter and banana pudding, was divine and our favorite! It's a bit on the small side so I would recommend just giving into your sweet tooth and ordering one just for you. Although I don't get the red velvet trend, this one looked to be above the rest and called my name. It's definitely a more satisfying red velvet cake than the norm and splittable. My friend ordered the pecan pie and seemed happy with her choice. We left more than satisfied, beyond full, and resolved to come back. Great for those with food allergies as the friendly wait staff inquires about any dietary restrictions regardless before submitting the order, those who enjoy funky food presentation, and any Philly foodie. The only reason I'm docking a star is because it's on the pricy side but, I figured you can leave full and still accommodate a budget by just ordering the ricotta/a small dish and the mac and cheese/one of their largest dishes. I'd advise you to make a reservation as we went at 8PM on a Tuesday and it was packed throughout the duration of our stay.Hell. Yes. Hipsters preside over a cool little space, a short food menu, and an encyclopedic selection of American whiskey. Everything on my plate was exquisite. Very balanced. No brainer.Rude service... Before we could open the door to get in, the owner told us to close the door because Ac is on ... We took our $100 elsewhere .To say Fat Ham is amazing is an understatement. Every time I go I'm blown away. Small plates style let's you eat it all and I haven't found one dish I didn't like. Get all the sliders- the Wagyu was the best. The fried chicken is super hot but super delicious. Also loved the Mac n cheese and butternut squash dumplings. From the cocktail menu the Mule never disappoints. Small cozy and well decorated inside makes it a perfect date spotYummmm! I'm not a huge fan of pork belly but holy hell it was so good here! Crispy outside, tender and juicy inside. It's served with some delicious roasted Brussel sprouts too. Great whiskey selection. The Mac n cheeses skillet was great and a nice small portion for sharing. We also had the pork rinds and this was my first pork rind ever so it's safe to say I am probably spoiled now for all the rest. 
Bartender was great, service was great. I hear the fried chicken is the bomb so I'll be back here soon for that :)Went on. A Sunday evening. Had the fixed price ($30) Sunday Supper with 9 courses, which included dessert. The first 4 items on the menu (Toast with hummus, tomato salad, cornbread, and catfish) were very good. But then there were the other four items - mac & cheese, collard greens, hot chicken, and some type of shreaded meat. All tasteless and not worth the effort of chewing.  The hot chicken was hot - end of story.  The food went from good and flavorable to know taste at all. The dessert, zucchini bread, was ok.
Dont think i will be rushing back. One plus is that they seen to have a large whisky inventory.
The restaurant is small and the restroom was dirty.While the taste of the food here is incredible I can't give it more than two stars. First of all, you pay outrageous amounts of money for incredibly small portions. My $20 entree of shrimp and grits was barely a small plate appetizer and I left less than satisfied. On top of that, the hospitality was less than desirable. Our server/bartender was very inattentive and hard to get her attention. A matter I would have overlooked if the restaurant wasn't almost completely empty. I'm inclined to recommend the restaurant but hesitate because the service is not good and the food isn't worth the amount for your price.This place was exactly what the doctor ordered! The food, the bar and the service are excellent! Upscale, but not pretentious, high end comfort food! Outstanding!Sometimes you just wanna throw on elastic waist pants and gorge on delicious southern comfort food in a non-judgy environment.  Fat Ham is the place to do it.  The food was decadent and delicious and the staff was extremely friendly.  Kevin Sbraga was even there to help us pick out what to order...or what NOT to order!  I really appreciated his honesty and he talked us down from getting multiples of the same dish.   His advice: variety is better.  
So, we took his advice and ordered 1 of nearly everything on the menu.  My 2 absolute favorites: charred cabbage with crispy pork rinds (Sbraga's favorite too) and the oyster slider.  Some of my other favorites: the smoky ricotta, the fried lobster tail (already out of the shell), the shrimp and grits, the charcuterie board (amazing liver mousse),  the pork belly with beans, and the hot chicken!  The hot chicken is in fact spicy, not just white white person spicy.  It was extremely flavorful and saucy but with all the food going around I was happy to just have a sampling.  The mustard greens although not my favorite, were refreshing and provided a nice relief from the heaviness of the meal.
The space is small and extremely cozy.  All the tables were filled, but it was not hard to get a reservation for a party of 5 at all.  The bar looks fully stacked and the apple whiskey cocktail was amazing.  I left here feeling completely satisfied and happy!  I cannot wait to come back again!Creative food.  Great location.  Service was horrible.  Waitress couldn't find a menu with the correct beer list, left the table while we were in the middle of ordering, rude, unfriendly.  For a space that small & a 1:30 lunch on a Friday- all the employees seemed overwhelmed.   I was in a group of 5.  My blackened catfish order came out after everyone else at my table was done eating.  To their credit, they didn't charge me for the meal, but the entire experience was poor.  Food was GREAT!  They have a lot to work on with everything else.  Then when we went to pay & split the bill, she couldn't even split the bill correctly.  There are plenty of other places in Philly to try before I come back.Completely different from Kevin Sbraga's namesake restaurant, The Fat Ham brings a unique and elevated take on Southern food to University City. Combined with attentive service and a casual, welcoming environment, this place is a great addition to the Philly restaurant scene.
After our server asked about any dietary restrictions we had, she did a great job explaining the dishes that were off-limits to us (we don't eat red meat or pork). Some surprising ones were the hot chicken (which contains lard in the sauce) and the country fried lobster tail (due to bacon in the accompanying succotash). Fortunately, our server inquired with the kitchen and told us that the lobster dish could be modified to meet our needs.
Overall, the food was great. Standouts included the aforementioned lobster tail, the grilled trout (beautifully presented, buttery, and flavorful), and the apple ginger cobbler with bourbon molasses ice cream (the warm spice from the ginger was a perfect touch). I can't wait to see how the menu evolves - it's definitely starting off on a solid note.Everything tastes better when it's fried.
IF the frying technique is done right, and let me tell you - Kevin Sbraga and The Fat Ham have perfected the frying arts. The breading on the oyster slider is nonsensically good, and this same mastery is used on the tongue numbing hot chicken. Order both of these things, and your dining mission will be a success.
I'm not very familiar with southern cooking, but if this is a good representation, then I rather like southern cooking. When they say something is spicy, they MEAN it (+2), and when they serve you shrimp, they serve it with heads on (+1). Other standouts include the ricotta, mac and cheese, and banana pudding for dessert. The pork belly is just ok, and some of the other dishes were also pretty forgettable.
But if you want to leave happy, get here quick, and get everything fried on the menu.
(if you're worried about the health factor, just imagine it says 'friend' instead!)Third time's the charm! After three times of tasting different items and being underwhelmed by both the food and poor service I'm done wasting $ here. 
Hot chicken has no flavor other than "hot",  I've had better bbq at whole foods (actually headed there now for some) and I'm thoroughly done with the the bar tender's dismissive attitude and non-existent service further wasting my time. I hate wasting precious time here more than anything...in a city with SO MANY amazing restaurant options I feel bad for anyone unfortunate enough to spend time looking forward to the food only to leave hungry and disappointed. But the Yelp pics of the food look awesome (if only I could get full on pictures!).Had a fantastic meal here...started with the mustard greens salad and the ham and eggs. Mustard greens were just ok but more so that I'm not a huge greens person. Ham and eggs were fantastic- simple but delicious. For main entree we had the pulled pork, the pork belly, hot chicken and Mac and cheese on the side. All were amazing! The pulled pork literally melted in your mouth, as did the pork belly. The hot chicken was definitely hot, but not in a can't breathe,mouth on fire kind of way-though I guess it depends on your taste. If you don't like spicy, do not get it. Came with a nice piece of white bread with ranch and pickles to help cool your mouth down. Mac and cheese was Delish, although it's kind of hard to mess Mac and cheese up. It was also nice to see the chef/owner, Kevin Sbraga, suited up in the kitchen!Sbraga!  You've done it again.  Nailed it!!!!
Dined here with my friend on a Monday evening at 8:00pm.  The server recommended we eat about 3 plates per person which was spot on.  We actually had 7 in total, plus dessert.
Oyster Sliders were outstanding.  The Smoked Ricotta is F-ing amazing. I shamelessly scraped the bowl with my fork.A friend found this place online and decided to give it a try. 
The Fat Ham was a very cute, urban, chic, modern place. We tried the signature drink-"Low Country Punch" It was very good and very strong (if you go, get this). It really complimented the semi-southern flare of the restaurant.
At first glance, I thought the prices were very reasonable. However you don't get a lot of food, our meals were tasty, but it just left us wanting to order more, but we opted not to.
We tried the Shaved Catfish and Shrimp and Grits. The Catfish was seasoned perfectly and a good amount of crunch to it. It came with a mayo based sauce that was pretty good.
The Shrimp and Grits was really good, the grits well a little cheese, and a little sweet it would work for the Salty or Sweet Grit lover. And again that portion size was also small, but it was really good.We were seated on time.   They told us they served family style. and the dishes were like tapas.    We had no idea what the portion sizes would be and four of us were sharing,   The menu was divided into three sections according to the heaviness of the dishes.   We tried to order drinks and appetizers first but we were told the kitchen does not allow it.   We must order all courses at one time.   We ordered all but 4 menu items.   Everyone in the group  l o v e d   the food. but we were surprised to see a mysterious  miscellaneous charge   of $2.00 on our bill which I assume was for  extra bread ?   I've never been charged for more bread in restaurant in American before and no one mentioned there would be a charge.       Another strange rule - you are not allowed to ask for the type of chicken meat you want.        When the server described the chicken dish he mentioned breast and wing.     I  don't  like dark meat but the four of us shared what little meat there was on the  thigh and a leg  we were served.        I noticed the couple next to us  were  served a huge  breast and wing  When I asked the waiter if I should have specifically requested the breast he told me the Kitchen doesn't allow it ,  you have to take whatever they decide to serve you .      Yes,  the food was great, my group had fun tasting everything   and I am sure my review isn't going to stop the success of the restaurant .     I will probably  visit the restaurant again ,but  it felt  as if I was visiting the "Soup Nazi:"I've been to the Fat Ham twice now.  Once, right after they opened for my birthday with my parents, and once after work for some drinks with friends.  
IT. IS. DELICIOUS. 
I love trying new restaurants, and this one did NOT disappoint.  Not only was the atmosphere comfortable, despite being a smaller space, the dcor is so interesting and eclectic.  You eat off of a variety of plates, and some dishes even are slices of trees.  It's such a creative way to serve food.
I HIGHLY recommend the ox tail, trout, hummus, ricotta, spicy chicken... hell, get everything on the menu - that's basically what my parents and I did.
The cocktails, yes are a little pricey, but nothing totally outrageous, and definitely worth it - I recommend the classic Old Fashioned - it's not made too sweet, and the liquor they use is delish.  I also like the Fat Apple - I'm usually not a fan of sweet drinks, but I think the green apple gives it enough bite to offset the sweetness.
I can't wait to go back!  It's such an easy place to grab a quick drink and some small plates after work as well.  Since the food comes out quickly, you can get in and out of there before the dinner rush!  I recommend getting a reservation if you're planning to go for dinner :)Maybe it's the fact that I associate southern food with more reasonable prices and larger portions, but I thought that the value-proposition offered here isn't all that great.
I had the oyster sliders, fried lobster tail, collard greens, mac & cheese, carolina rice, and hot chicken.  I was really surprised but the lobster turned out to be the best dish.  The vegetable hash tasted fantastic, and it really added lots of sophistication and depth to the lobster (i mean, a battered & fried lobster tail is going to taste good no matter what, but the complexity and flavors of the rest of the dish really made it special).
The rest of the dishes were definitely good, but none of them exhibited enough interesting flavors or textures to justify the price hike in comparison to other good southern restaurants.  I loved the oxtail on the rice, the bbq chips on the mac & cheese, the dill/cucumber with the hot chicken, and the little bit of spice on the collard greens.  But those little things only made slight interesting improvements to the dish - they were little flourishes and didn't "transform" the dish or anything.
Don't get me wrong, it's definitely good.  I just don't know if it's worth the high price tag & smaller portions, given the fact that the dishes being served aren't really all that different from other southern restaurants.
p.s. My wife had their blueberry mint julep.  It was terrific, and they don't skimp out on the bourbon.The food was ok/good but the service was terrible. We had a group of 6 and the waiter kept insisting we need to order more food. He kept interrupting to wipe and clean and we felt very pressured. When we told the manager how we felt he was brusque and showed an attitude. I will not revisit this place nor recommend this place anymore to our Penn colleagues.The whiskey list is exceptional; I've come here a couple of times to sample more unusual bourbons and whiskeys, and the bartenders are consistently friendly and knowledgeable. The atmosphere is quite unexpected, quaint, and pretty unique. The food is a consistently solid twist on southern comfort food, though often greasier or saltier than I would prefer (understanding that these traits are expected with "southern comfort food"). 
Unfortunately, I had a very disappointing experience tonight. A group of coworkers and I went for early drinks and dinner, and half-way through our meal (we had started with appetizers and were ordering additional dishes after), the waiter started informing us there would be a reservation coming in and began to repeatedly rush us to finish. I was particularly bothered by this given that there were 2-3 empty tables. I definitely plan to come back to the bar, but will be unlikely to do a walk-in sit down meal again any time soon.We had a really good first trip to The Fat Ham, and will be coming back.
Calling ahead to put your name on the "wait list", as recommended on the website, is a great idea. We went on a Thursday around 6:15 and waited about 10 minutes once we got there (about 20 minutes after we called.)
I hadn't realized just how tiny it is inside. It has a good number of tables (maybe 12?) and plenty of seats at the bar, but overall it's on the tiny side.
I ordered the Memphis Mule, The Fat Ham's take on the classic Moscow Mule. What a perfect summer drink!
Our server was great. I wish I could remember her name, because she answered our questions and helped us figure out how many dishes to order. She steered us towards the Fat Ham Board, which was an immaculately curated charcuterie board that was delicious start to finish. The homemade liver mousse was a favorite (of the whole meal) and all of the other ham varieties, pate, and pickles were great. We had to ask for more bread, between the liver mousse, pate, and mustard - we needed more bread than two small pieces per person.
We then opted for:
- Collard greens
- Blackened catfish
- Hot chicken
The hot chicken was outstanding. Incredibly crispy, moist, and packed with a spicy/salty flavor that carried through the whole dish. The extra touches of the brioche, ranch, dill, and pickles helped to tone down the often intense hot/salty flavor. 
I love collard greens in general, so I'm always happy to see them on a menu. They come PIPING hot with large chunks of pork shank and this incredible broth/"potlikker". So much flavor and soul.
The catfish was good. It definitely wasn't my favorite dish of the night, but still very good. The "comeback sauce" and walnuts were nice touches. 
As mentioned earlier, our server was great. She had a sense of humor, was extremely knowledgable about the menu, and all-around friendly.Impressive dinner and restaurant all around!  Small, intimate, quaint setting made you feel like you were in for a great experience. The ham board started the evening off with different meats and pickled  veggies. Skillet cornbread with a sweet molasses. Pulled pork slider was also amazing. Baked Mac and cheese with breaded crumbs was ok. The one menu item that stole the show and was absolutely  delicious  beyond belief was the lavender  honey wings. It was soooo tasty. The drink for the evening  was a low country punch. This place has earned as a restaurant  worth coming back to dining sooner rather than later. Far exceeded my expectations  and I was pleased with the overall experience.The Fat Ham, Kevin Sbraga's foray into Southern-style cooking, is a great addition to the University City dining scene.  Located in Tria's old space off Walnut, this cozy space is perfect for both an intimate dinner out or a casual get-together with friends.  After coming here on Valentine's Day with the BF, I was blown away by the quality of the food, drinks, and service, and can't wait to return to try the rest of the menu.
We started with the mustard greens and the ricotta.  The former was pretty good; a nice light starter that had a good mix of texture and spice.  The latter was probably my favorite dish of the night: creamy, savory, and incredibly delicious. I only wish there was more bread to scoop up the rest of the cheese.  Our oyster sliders were also really good; maybe a little too briny, but a really nice mix of flavors and a good segway from the appetizers to the main courses.
As for our mains, we had the collard greens, macaroni and cheese, hot chicken, and pork belly.  The chicken, which was just as spicy as our waiter had warned, was really incredible (maybe a little too spicy); the chicken was juicy and the balance of the buttermilk ranch and white bread were great complements to balance out the spice. The macaroni and cheese was a little dry, but still very savory.  The pork belly was very crispy, but I wish they had given us more.  And finally, the collard greens were  nice balance to the meats; salty and savory.  As for dessert, the Pecan Pie was sweet without being overly sugary, and I really liked the homemade vanilla ice cream on top.
Our drinks were excellent too: the blackberry mint julep was a great spin on a classic (although the blackberry kept getting stuck in my straw), and the fat apple was a nice modern cocktail that really stood out.  Our server was also attentive without being smothering, and did a great job explaining the food and drink menu.  Overall, this place fills a nice that University City needed and I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a new place to try in Philly.Well that was delicious.  And filling.
First of all, this place is TINY!  So small!  But in a cozy, comfy way, not at all claustrophobic.  It's bustling in there, that's for sure, so don't go expecting a calm atmosphere.
*Do* go, however, expecting terrific service.  Our bartender was fantastic.  Our waitress was great.  The manager was terrific.  And Kevin Sbraga himself even made an appearance and we got to tell him both how excited we were pre-meal, and how satisfied we were post-meal.
Enjoy bourbon?  Well that's good, because The Fat Ham serves something like 100 different bottles of the stuff.  I drank multiple Old Fashioneds, and the use the best cherries ever.  Like a tiny dessert waiting at the bottom of the glass.
On to the food.  We tried an excessive number of dishes.  I'd say two people could eat four plates and be satisfied, or 5-6 and be full.  We definitely overdid it.
- TFH Charcuterie:  Wow.  One of my favorite dishes of the night, amazingly enough.  A fluffy, rich duck liver parfait with pickled onions, a huge mound of razor-thin salty serrano ham, a puddle of spicy dijon mustard... and a bit of underwhelming, limp house-made bacon.  All that with a bowl of warm, fresh-grilled bread.  Really high-quality ingredients made this dish a fantastic start. 
- Oyster Sliders:  To call these "sliders" is almost a joke, because what they make up for in diameter they make up for in height; each one had to be five inches tall, stuffed with two very-deep-fried oysters.  The roll was matched perfectly, just the right blend of flaky and soft.  I think two people could feasibly split one of these... but I'm glad we went with a pair.
- Shrimp and Grits - Such.  Good.  Grits.  Typically I prefer them really thick (a la Green Eggs Cafe), but these are thinner and still just a bowl of heaven.  With some shrimp on it.  But honestly this dish would have worked just as well for me shrimp-less.
- Baked Macaroni and Cheese - Mmmmmmmm.  So creamy.  The perfect put-it-in-the-middle-of-the-table-and-devour-it-as-a-team dish.  The BBQ chip crust didn't jump out at me at all, but that didn't matter.
- Pork Belly - A little more firm than I like my pork belly, but the flavor is spot-on.  There's a sweet barbecue sauce that should probably go on every other pork belly in the world, plus some great baked beans and some nice acid in the veggies to brighten it up.
- Hot Chicken:  Well they aren't messing around with that title.  This is one spicy chicken.  But not buffalo spicy... more like Indian spicy, or Szechuan spicy.  I definitely started to sweat after a couple bites.  It even comes on a piece of white bread soaked in ranch dressing to coo you off.  But if you like spice, which I do.... this was really delicious. 
I only wish I had room for that skillet chocolate chip cookie for dessert.  Next time.  Oh yes.  Next time.Don't tell my grandma but The Fat Ham has the best pecan pie I've ever eaten! I made reservations through OpenTable and I think that was a very smart move since the place is small and fills up quick.  Hummus was like pure velvet and the accompanying bread was superb. I wanted to lick the plate after eating the asparagus with hard boiled egg vinaigrette. The blackened catfish was the best blackened fish I've ever eaten. The walnuts served with the fish were kinda weird but the okra and sauce made up for it.  The Carolina pulled pork is amazing; the way the bread soaks up all the delicious vinegar will be something I dream of until my next visit.  The collard greens melt in your mouth and are a perfect complement to the hot chicken (which is no joke).  It is seriously hot! I would love to know their secret for the breading on this chicken.  It is fascinating and delightful.  I loved everything else about this place, too, from the bluegrass & classic rock music to the incredibly friendly servers; the awesome wood-grain infused environment with antiques scattered about (including an epic meat slicer on the bar) to the delicious old fashioned Don Draper would be proud to call his own.  Add in cheap and easy street parking  - this place is in the running for my favorite restaurant of all time!I wanted to like this place more. First off, I'm by no means one of those people who eat incredibly hot food and tell you 'it's not that hot' while sweat pours down my face, but the hot chicken wasn't that hot. The chicken didn't taste great either. It was a little slimy. Also got a side of the baked mac n cheese and that was the best thing I tasted all night. Could have used a pinch of salt, but not bad overall. The squash dumplings that my husband ordered were okay from what I could tell, but it was very light on the dumpling and heavy on whatever nuts were in the bowl. My grandma also had a shrimp slider that she seemed to enjoy.
The service was also lacking. We made a reservation and arrived a little early. We were generally ignored when we first went in the door. Our waitress was just fine, but wasn't super nice. Seemed overwhelmed and disinterested. They were definitely rushing us, which I get since they're super busy and want to turn tables, but when I'm paying $100 for dinner I'd like to enjoy myself and spend a little more time eating my meal and enjoying the company of my family than I would if I were eating in a Chipotle.
Overall, wasn't terrible but certainly wasn't great. I have no interest in returning.'Great atmosphere, my favorite drink was the Low Country Punch while my date had the Boulvarier, smooth drink as well. Starting off with the Green Bean Casserole ( possibly the best way I've have sweetbreads prepared) the Skillet Cornbread the Maple butter a savory touch!  The Hot Chicken was has just that spicy, crispy over a Ranch dressing and pickles to garnish and the Fried Whitefish was delicate and fresh. Can't wait to go back!What can I say this dinner was excellent.  I'm a picky eater and thought I didn't like seafood.  As you can imagine this makes a lot of higher end dining hard since seafood gets a large portion of the menu in most places.  I went to fat ham with 4 other people and we decided to order a million plates and split them with the table.  Apparently,  my Italian Christmas dinner of seven fish has just been subpar my entire life.  I enjoyed lobster, shrimp, cat fish, and oysters at fat ham.  Like enjoyed enough that if I went back in a smaller group I would order the shrimp and grits or lobster tail for myself (back away from my plate people!)
The pork belly was also amazing... I recently had pork belly for the first time at stateside and thought that I didn't like that cut of meat.  Turns out pork belly is amazing if you order it at fat ham.
To get to the chase:  I tried a little of almost every plate they offered (probably 80% of the menu) and nothing was bad and most was stand out good.  I recommend going with 5 people and sharing everything so you can get a taste of it all.  Chef Sbraga even came out of the kitchen and talked over the menu with us.  He was incredibly friendly and honest.  Oh-- and sharing 80% of the menu among 5 people and splitting cocktails and 3 flutes of wine was only $60 per person (I think this is a bargain for how much we consumed)!This is by far the best small plate restaurant in town!  I think we tried just about everything; and it was all good!  The pork belly was so good, we ordered two!  After our taste buds were completely satisfied, we ordered dessert. Glad I had space in my tummy!  The pecan pie was perfect-not too sweet and syrupy!  
This cozy spot is not too far from Center City so after work is the perfect time to enjoy this West Phila gem. 
I'm ready to go back and sample the rest of the food and bar menus. Ben is an excellent host. Stop reading and make a reservation now!This is my new favorite spot to go to. No matter what you get you're going to enjoy it. Such a cool atmosphere, and the small plate concept is the best.Savory food.  
Price was right, cocktails awesome.  Food was tasty.
Hot chicken was perfect.  Spicier for some folks.
Ambience is casual and comfy.  All servers wearing plaid.
Wife mad because they forgot my candle for my cake.  
All good....I left full and happy.  =)Great meals with the added advice from the servers.  Enjoyed the entire time.  We ordered the Red Shrimp, Oyster Slider.  Along the way we had a special watermelon cocktail and the special of the evening , 16 0z. Pork chop.  We finished with Banana Pudding. We had a difficult time trying to rank the three choices and came up with you can't go wrong with any of them. Bob and JaneThis place was a great surprise. A friend recommended this place to me, but I didn't think it would have been this good! The place is small. But we went to eat on a weekday, so we were seated promptly. 
The food was tapas style so we ordered a few plates, and every single item was fantastic. 
We had a smoked ricotta appetizer that I could probably eat everyday. It was light, flavorful, and delicious. 
The fried oyster sliders were crunchy and good. 
The spicy chicken is SPICY! Its only for those who can handle their spice. It was soooo good and crispy, but so spicy at the same time. I probably had two glasses of water while eating it. 
The mac and cheese was shell pasta was a hint of BBQ. It was a nice change from typical cheese blob you get at other restaurants. 
This place is worth the trip. I highly recommend it!Excellent Mac n cheese but my favorite dish was the squash dumplings! Stopped here with my daughter after a day at the Art Museum. We were looking for traditional tapas style restaurant, but the menu here looked incredible. About a block away we could already smell the mouth-watering aromas.  The "small plate" approach was just perfect for us and every dish was excellent (mustard greens, squash dumplings, cornbread, mac n cheese, shaved catfish).  Flavors were deep and smokey (just what I expected from a down home bbq type place). Pleasantly surprised with catfish that was fried but still ended up tasting light and fresh, made even tastier when you mixed a bite with the fresh dill. Chocolate caramel dessert, served in a mason jar, was supposed to be shared but I only got one bite. Atmosphere was cozy and boisterous. Service was no nonsense, exactly what I would expect from a down home bbq. I would go well out of my way to stop here again.I know it is possible to have romantic feelings about a certain dish.  The budino  at Barbuzzo may be as close to love as one could imagine, well food love anyway. But I never felt such lustful feelings about a dish.
It all started earlier this year when I saw a spread in Bon Appetit magazine that featured hot chicken.  Do you hear J. Geils band? But this was no angel in the centerfold - that red hot chicken was all devil. And I wanted it.
Fast forward to me and the beau going out for a nice Saturday dinner in our Sunday best.  It was hard to choose since everything looked so good, but we landed on the charred cabbage, the green bean casserole, the shrimp and grits, the mac and cheese, and of course, the hot chicken.  Everything was good, but some things were better.  The shrimp and grits were perfect.  I may have fought for the last bite of the mac and cheese. This was all foreplay though.  It was all leading up to the hot chicken.
The last dish of the night was of course what I was here for.  The hot chicken came out, looking unassuming and a bit pedestrian, perfectly situated on a piece of white bread slathered in dressing.  My lust could no longer be contained and I jumped right in.  At first bite, we looked wide eyed at each other knowing that things were about to get spicy.  Like all good lustful romps, our tangle with the hot chicken included some heavy breathing, a sting on the lips and maybe a few beads of sweat.  It was everything that I thought it would be.  
Since this is lust, I don't think I have the willpower to not go back again.  Plus the rest of the menu needs to be explored.So glad this replaced Tria. We had the deep fried lobster tail with the succatash (the best thing we ate there), the fried green tomatoes and the hot chicken. The hot chicken was very great, the batter was kind of salty but other than that no complaints. Also enjoyed the collard green and ham.Everything was delicious and we were having a great time...until they charged me $2 for ice. Too bad. The food was sublime but pricey (those little plates add up).The baked mac and cheese was awesome. It had a nice, creamy cheese with potato chip crust. The contrast between the crunch from the crust with the pasta soft shell really made this an interesting dish that sets it apart from other M&C. The ambiance here feels very southern farm-esque, and this is really reflected in the dish aesthetic. Where else will you be served M&C in a skillet?
The fried chicken could have used a bit more seasoning, but the spicy aspect really made this dish. If you're really looking for something spicy, this is definitely what you'll want to try here. The hot wings top off a white bread with ranch dressing and pickles. As you see here, the plate aesthetic is well thought out and really reflects the theme. 
Who doesn't like a-la-mode cobbler? The apple cobbler was warm and tasty, and the bourbon molasses ice cream really topped it off well. Probably my favorite dessert dish here.
The banana pudding doughnut was essentially an egg tart filling in a donut hole. The pudding was nice and warm; however, it wasn't particularly tasteful. You really wouldn't be missing much by skipping this one.
http://www.katsuandgravy.com/fatham/Had reservations for 2 last week and was excited to try this place out.  We arrived on time but our table wasn't ready.  No worries I'll pony up at the bar and have one of the barrel aged cocktails please.  And yes, table wasn't ready but still 5 stars in my book and I'll elaborate on it later on.  We hung out at the bar for about 20 minutes.  Bar is beautiful.  Iron piping make up the support to hold up 50+ bottles of brown.  Bartender knew what he was doing and engaged us in conversation while we waited for a table.  I normally like to sit at the bar but it's small, maybe 8 stools and they were all taken at the time.  After enjoying my barrel aged cocktail we were seated.  Server greeted, asked if we've been here before (we haven't) and explained the menu and the recommended amount of plates (small plates).  We settled for 5 plates to share.  Everything was excellent but what stuck out for me was the oyster slider and that hot chicken.  It was ridiculous.  Wife loved the place and so did I, so much that we have reservations tomorrow.  Good job Fat Ham   The place is very small.  8 bar stools, 26 chairs total in the dining area (yes, I counted the chairs).  You get a place that is small, newer and exciting, putting out great food, you might have to wait 15 minutes past your reservation.  Many times I'm out for a bite, was all done, was about to get the check, but decided on a another cocktail. - peaceI didn't particularly enjoy the Mac and cheese or the pimento cheese appetizer enough to give this place a 4 or even a 5. Their main attractions are the sliders and pork chops, and everything is meant to be shared, so it's a struggle when you're vegetarian. My friend who eats meat enjoyed it though!A small menu in a tiny location.  But this place does everything right.  The menu has all that it needs, as does the restaurant as a whole.  The staff was superb, the atmosphere was spot on and the drinks were top notch.  Now the food, this is what brings people in.  The catfish, the oyster sliders and above all, the spicy fried chicken.  I can't wait to return.  This is the perfect spot for dinner and drinks before seeing a show at World Cage Live!!Love this spot. Just dropped in dining alone and had a marvelous meal! Mustard green salad, beets with onion and yogurt and the chefs special of whitefish pan fried over green beans, grains and a butter lemon sauce. The best thing about eating alone is that I didn't have to share any of it! Waiter was very gracious as well. Definitely coming back! These three dishes were $27. Worth every penny of it. Kudos to the chef!New menu choices this time around! Tried the green bean casserole w/ mushrooms, skillet cornbread w/molasses butter, pork belly w/crispy brussels sprouts, and the famous hot chicken w/ranch dressing.
My goodness, what a meal! 
My two favorites that evening were the skillet cornbread and the hot chicken. Who doesn't love cornbread? If you don't, then this dish may change your mind. It comes in piping hot in a small skillet covered with this sweet, molasses butter that instantly melted over the cornbread. Very good!
Hot chicken is S-P-I-C-Y! (Make sure your water glass is filled!) Ranch dressing does help, and the dill pickles was a nice touch to help with the heat. Despite the spice, it was pretty amazing.
This visit was my fourth time around, and I'll keep coming back! As the food menu changes, so does the drink menu. If the Boulevardier is on the menu, get it. Especially if you like bourbon with campari!I think I would say:
Food: 3.5 stars
Ambiance: 5 stars
Service: 5 stars
I thought the Fat Ham had mostly all the things going for it.  The ambiance was fabulous, the service was excellent.  Tables were a bit close together, but I totally get that since it is a small place anyway.  The drink menu is excellent-- really good for people who are into well made cocktails especially because they have them on tap.  They also had a $3 beer special (southern tier 2x IPA-- so NOT like a yuengling or anything).  The food came out very quickly and my main gripe is that it's supposed to be tapas aka shareable.  I found that most of the food was actually not that conducive to sharing.  Like the pulled pork was on one slice of bread and it was hard to cut ourselves and split equally because there was a big bunch of meat sitting on top.  The chicken was one big piece and one small piece and it was a bit awkward, like do I give you part of my big piece?  But all the more reason to take your significant other! It's a great date spot!
I thought the pulled pork was pretty good, really interesting bold flavors.  The hot chicken also had great flavor but I thought the breading was a bit too much.  The root vegetables were exactly that.  Everything was a littttle bit salty and pretty heavy.  It might be that southern food isn't my fav that's all.  It was overall very good and I'd love to be back for drinks!
Oh PS we were advised to get 3-4 dishes per person and found that 2 per person was just on the cusp of enough.  I'd recommend maybe 5-6 dishes for 2 people.Solid updated soul food meal in a cozy atmosphere. We made conversation with the tables next to us. 
The drinks are great. The spiked lemonade was out of this world. 
The spicy chicken was seriously spicy. I could only eat about two delicious bites. My hubby loved it.After a few days of suffering from a pretty persistent fried chicken craving, I finally caved and came to The Fat Ham to try their version of Hot Chicken... it was pretty darn hot and hit the spot!
Pros - friendly service, nice drink variety (cocktails, wine, and beers on draft), delicious house hot sauce, and generally tasty Southern food. I also really enjoyed the comfortable decor/ ambience, especially the quirkiness of using mismatched patterned plates! So cute!
Cons - small portion sizes (for example, the HC = two pieces of fried chicken on one thin slice of brioche). Think fancy Southern small-plates and maybe you won't feel as put-off. Also, while the food was probably the prettiest Southern food I've seen, some dishes were underwhelming in the flavor department.
Favorites - oyster sliders, hot chicken, and the sweet potato pie. If in the area, I would come again for a casual drink and these three dishes.3.5 stars.  My true review.  I'm rounding up because my husband fell in love with their bourbons.
The food was excellent!  We ordered 7 dishes for two of us and one dessert (eaten by one). 
Mustard greens- awesome, and the lightest of all the dishes.  
Pimento cheese and bread- okay.  It was really salty (a common theme for all the food) and felt like it was missing a little something.  
Cornbread- good.  
Grits- the best of everything we ordered.  The grits were creamy on the inside and paired with the poached egg, creamy on the outside.  A must order. 
Blackened catfish- another lighter meal, however it was a super tiny portion and it had about 3 mini florets of cauliflower.  I just wanted some sort of veggie at this point.
Hot chicken-  hard to rate.  Yes, it says hot in the title.  Yes, we knew it would be spicy.  Yes, we like spice.  This was just too f---ing hot.  The inside was good and the spice at first was nice but then it became that uncomfortable silence in the room as we both realized how much our lips were on fire.  It was good but this is fair warning.
Miss mud pie-- okay.  I'm a dessert snob.
So, you ask, why three plus one half stars???.  The food was really good, the service was really good.  I just felt that the food, in almost every dish, was so rich and creamy that it lacked diversity.  I also have no great desire to go back.  It was a fun experience but there are so many other places that offer just a bit more. 
 As a side note for anyone who has made it this far into my review--we went late and that is the way to go.  No one rushing you out and no one waiting giving evil looks.After a wonderful experience at Sbraga, I had high hopes for The Fat Ham. I called on a Wednesday for a 6:45 reservation for 2 people for Thursday and I was in luck. Upon entering the restaurant, there was a good vibe going and while it was pretty packed, there were still tables and seating at the bar available to anyone doing a walk in. The menu looked very appealing, and while I am not a wing person, the lavender honey wings sounded fab, but as I was preparing to place my order, the table next to me received their wings and it was just way too much for one person. I opted for a hot chicken slider, baked mac and cheese, and the skillet cornbread. I know it may sound like a lot, but the portions are very small. I thought the cornbread was ok, but it doesn't even come close to the cornbread at Rex 1516! The mac and cheese was good, but I have had much better. As for the slider, being from Chicago, where we have The Roost Carolina Kitchen, which is known for their nashville hot chicken, I was very disappointed in the slider at TFH. For starters, it was so salty, my heart started to race. My waiter Sean K was gracious enough to have the kitchen prepare me another slider and while it was a little better, it was still salty as hell. I have recently cut out adding additional salt to my meals and maybe this could be a reason that the slider tasted bad, but I have read other Yelp reviews and I am not alone in my assessment.
I ordered the TFH chop salad to go for lunch the following day, but was very disappointed in the size; it looked like a kids serving. I ordered it with no bacon and it came with bacon minus the smoked chicken...sigh. Of course, it went back.
For dessert I went with the buttermilk pie and by far, it was the best part of the meal. While I really have no plans to return, I could be persuaded to share a plate of wings with a friend; the lavender honey wings sounds just too damn good.This review is based on my first and only trip to the Fat Ham. Let's start with the bar and happy hour. Very knowledgeable bar tender. He guided me well explained the drinks and  bar food menu. I ordered a dark ale which was delicious per his advice. I decided on the chicken sliders. 
This deserves it's own paragraph. When I bit into that chicken slider, (perfectly cooked fried chicken) I nearly screamed out " THE PICKLE MAKES IT!!!!" But I held that in.  Every morsel of that slider dictated that I was going to order several more. I've never tasted anything so damned good in my life! I then moved over to the seated area where my husband and colleague were sitting..but found out they don't serve the sliders at the tables, I took myself back over to the bar and ordered three more. Then I joined my group. My husband's colleague ordered the oyster slider for me. I am from the south. Fried oysters are an art. I haven't had a good fried oyster since moving up here. I bit into that oyster slider and again, wanted to scream out how good it was. Perfectly cooked by the way.  The best fried oyster I've had in 20 years. 
Our dining partners knew the chef and he was friendly, cordial. The whole staff was great and accommodating.  I woke up yesterday wanting to drive from NJ to have those sliders again. The portion sizes were small, as someone reviewers have complained but they worked for me perfectly. 
I will be back!Everything good, delicious and tasty you've heard about this place is true. We went on a rainy Friday drive time evening coming in from jersey. After a challenging drive not only did we find a on street parking but right across the street from the joint "Whoa". Cozy little place but just enough room to get comfortable and enjoy "The Fat Ham".  Really hard to pick a favorite as all dishes are absolutely a culinary experience. Your mouth explodes with every bite no matter what you order. Their signature dish "Hot Chix" is cooked to perfection with just the right touch of heat. Cornbread is a meal in itself. Loved the consistency of their creamy grits topped with large shrimp. Portions are small but that encourages you to try more dishes. Staff was super friendly and accommodating. In the words of the terminator.......
I'll be back!!Loves:
-the service was notably amazing. Every person we interacted with from the host to the waiter was gracious and helpful (and they helped us with our stroller!)
-BBQ PORK w grilled peaches - smoky and sweet over substantial meat dropping soaked brioche bread. YUM
-OYSTER SLIDER w slaw-one of those dishes where the textures are perfect-chewy bread then crunch then juicy oyster. Loved it. 
Likes
-HOT CHICKEN - nice and crispy and super spicy
Overall Sbraga killed it though 1 star removed because of the prices...$15 for one "tapa?"If given a list of different cuisines to choose from, Southern Food would probably rank near the bottom for me. Right behind anything that British people eat. I have this idea that the only people who eat Southern Food are those that enter (and probably win) pie eating contests. Okay and people that live in the south, yeah yeah.
But apparently I did not know what I was missing. I stand corrected. KEVIN SBRAGA YOU ARE A GENIUS. I will never dis Southern Food again, y'all.
The hot chicken is every bit as good as you've heard. Perfect amount of spiciness (and this is coming from a girl who gets profusely sweaty when within a three mile radius of sriracha)! So definitely get the chicken, but please, I beg of you, do not miss out on the Oyster Sliders. Best dish of the night. And the mustard greens were also a lovely, lighter touch. Eating those will make you feel better about also ordering the Shrimp and Grits and Crispy Grits, which were definitely honorable mentions of the evening.
Now I must admit, I tasted at least three other dishes that night and cannot for the life of me remember anything other than that they were all delicious... did I mention they have a solid bourbon menu? :) You're going to want to get yourself into at least one... or five... of their cocktails. Pure bartender genius.Hot Chicken was amazing.  Top 3 fried chicken I've had Great service and very hospitable.