Not bad but not great. Presumably one of the better places you'll find in manayunk. Pretty average though. The servers are usually extremely slow. The food is average. Every time we go, it's always just been ok. Last experience I had was not so pleasant. Server brought over queso fundido and dropped a plate into it(bottom side facing cheese). Totally disgusting and unsanitary! Didn't even offer to bring us a new one which I thought to be extremely unprofessional. Steak tips were also cold when they came to us. Empanadas are dry and could have some potential if they added some cheese or mixed it up a bit and did cheese /and chicken.Revisited Adobe after not eating here for a few years. Used to be so good. But now ....In a word? Awful. We got there around 8 ish on a Saturday night and the place was pretty busy. We were taken to the last table in the farthest corner of the restaurant....deeeeep in the bowels. It was a long walk. Red flag.
Our server showed up more than 5 minutes after we were seated to take drink order. 2nd flag. We were smart enough to order a few apps at this point - had a feeling. Drinks came out fairly quickly - app and soup sampler not long after that. The soups were cold (3rd flag).  Apologies and new soups arrived. They were really good - best part of entire meal. Loooong after we finish the starters, entrees appear. My favorite veggie enchiladas were ......ick. I managed to eat a bit. What used to be a delicious creamy fresh veggie dish was now a dry tasteless blob. And the dried out old tasting rice did not help. The crusted over black beans were dreadful. Loooong after we have enough of entrees, as we sit and stare at our plates and each other, and watch our server sweep the entire area nearby, completely ignoring us, we realize we are still hungry and want dessert. Big mistake. Server eventually finishes housekeeping and takes order. AND gets snippy when we express dismay about the wait. It took so long to get dessert, I wanted to just cancel and get the hell out of there already, but our server was nowhere to be seen and since we were seated in the outback, no one else was around either. Eventually arrives and it is, well, a melted mess. We ate it and it was actually pretty good. By the time we get the check it was fairly empty so don't really understand why it took so long to get service. I could have gone and looked for someone to complain to, but I kind of wanted to see how it all played out. Not good as it turns out. 
Adobe Cafe, what happened to you?Adobe Cafe rocks! Not only is it within walking distace from my house (which is very handy after a pitcher of mango margaritas) but it also has great food to match! I've had a number of the entrees but the two that stand out in my head are the steak and shrimp fajitas (tasty seasoning on the meat) and the fish tacos. The best thing about the fish tacos is that the fish isn't fried. It's perfectly seasoned and delicious and even though I couldn't finish my last taco I made sure to eat the rest of the fish :) 
The banana ice cream dessert concoction was BANANAS!
One and only complaint - the waitstaff tends not to be the friendliest, but the food and drinks make up for that.OK neighborhood bar with decent Southwestern style food.  A tiny bit dirty, but I've never gotten sick here, so I guess the kitchen is clean enough.  Wouldn't go out of my way to eat here, but it is OK.  Used to come here with my buddies for beers before/after jam sessions at East Side Studios down on Umbria.My wife and I visit Adobe fairly frequently and we always enjoy it. It's located on a side street that runs parallel to Ridge in Roxborough and there is a municipal (read: free) parking lot right across the street, which makes visiting very convenient. 
The restaurant is located in a large, meandering structure - it feels like an amalgamation of previously independent row houses - but it has a cozy sort of feel. We are always seated promptly and brought homemade chips and salsa immediately. 
Even though we are not vegetarian, we always get the "beef" seitan tips as an appetizer. I highly recommend them. I usually get the fajitas and find them to be pretty good. Tonight, I requested the "meat" from the seitan tips in my fajitas (even though this is not on the menu) and they were nice enough to oblige. It was really good.
Overall, this is a nice, casual place to catch up for a low-key dinner.
Likes: parking, food, Fiesta Night (Monday &amp; Tuesday - 2 entrees and a pitcher of beer/bottle of wine for $30)
Dislikes: House Margarita (that I think is on tap [?])I give an A for effort. The vegetarian/vegan menu is extensive and creative-sounding. I was very excited to try this place for quite some time but the execution was totally off.
One, the entrance to the restaurant is unclear. There's a door to a private residence right in the middle of the building and it took me a while to realize you have to go through the side patio to enter. Very confusing.
Once we entered, we were greeted by that overwhelming dirty, wet rag smell that less than fastidiously clean restaurants have. Our menus reeked too. Not appetizing.
The free chips and salsa were tasty and the staff was accommodating of our baby with a high chair and plastic cup if water. 
My husband and I ordered seitan wings to share and the seitan kebabs and veggie combo as entrees. The wings were just warm seitan in sauce--not fried or crisp in any way like wings should be. This is not a vegan problem (I've had deliciously crisp vegan wings); this is a cooking one. The vegan ranch was inedible, completely foul. I actually gagged. 
The kebabs were nicely seared and seasoned but everything else ranged from flavorless to gross. The rice had canned veggies in it, the cheese in my enchilada wasn't melted, the potato flauta was burnt. The house margarita was disgustingly like cough syrup. 
All told, we spent $60 bucks on our meal plus tip and I felt like I've had more authentic and flavorful tex mex at chipotle or even Taco Bell. I was super hungry upon entering but basically ate chips and salsa because I found most of the food inedible. 
I truly appreciate so many veg offerings but the kitchen needs to learn how to cook and this place needs a deep clean. The kebabs were nice but for the price and nasty smell and icky interior (10 TVs playing infomercials!), I just can't recommend this place. Very disappointing.I've been to the Adobe Cafe a handful of times, and its always been good, so Saturday night we decided to got there for a late dinner (around 9:00).  
Overall, service was terrible, though the food was good.
It took 5 minutes for someone to seat us.  There was no one in sight when we walked in.  Then, once we were finally seated, there was anohter 5-10 minutes before we were greeted by our waitress.  Water was another 10 minutes.  Our waitress took our drink order, and it wasn't until 10 minutes later that she asked us for our food order.  At one point, we asked for more water (which we later learned was at a station right behind our table), and she said "sure, I'll go get it", and never returned.  We finally had to ask the busboy for water. 
Food was good, but was really overshadowed by the lack of service.  I will also say that the Jerk grilled calamari was really fabulous.  I was nervous to try it, but I wanted more when I was done - I don't think the portion was big enough. 
I was going to give 3 stars because of the food and previous good experiences, but then I remembered how crazy-loud the room was.  It just added to the bad experience.  I couldn't hear across the table half of the time we were there.
Oh, and a comment on the "ample free parking" across the street.  It looks like with the new bar there (Mcgillicuddy's or something), the parking lot was completely full.  We had to drive around the block a few times looking for parking.  We should have taken that as a sign to stay home...I love the previous review. . . straight and to the point.  They do have the most extensive vegan menu I've seen in a Mexican restaurant; I would give them half a star just for that if it were possible.
Redux:
Appearance/decor: * * *
Pretty front and patio, cluttered heavy interior, bendy plstic chairs and tables outside.
Service: * * * *
Good, quick, attentive, unintrusive. Point off for the host.
Menu: * *
Too long.  Booklike. Weak appetizer section.  No sides.  Narrow price range for entrees--reasonable for some items, pricey for others.
Food: * * *
Good for what it was trying to do. Points off for black beans, corn tortillas, salsa, portobellos.  Good steak, guacamole.
Drinks: * *
Decent margaritas.  From a mix, weak. Bonus on price.
Experience: * * * 
Overall pleasant, but I won't frequent the joint.  Definitely worth checking out as I have high standards for Mexican.  Good family place.
The outdoor patio is very pretty, if somewhat echoing.  The interior was full of kitsch and other Mexican-themed decor: neither impressive nor bland.  There was no music, but the waiters did start up an attractive wall fountain which created much-needed  white noise.  
The service was good, and efficient.  A point off to the host for failing to bring menus when he seated us.  Even though there were only three tables seated besides our own, there was always someone nearby to respond to requests.
We went to sit outside on a hot day and have a bite to eat with our margaritas.  They advertised a margarita bar, so I assumed they would specialize in them.  The margarita mixer list was impressive, but the corresponding appetizer list was somewhat lacking.  We split a combination platter of fajitas with portobello and steak.  We asked for a corn tortilla sub, and received three tortillas: not quite sufficient for the generous portions.  However, they did give us a free refill on request.
The food was underwhelming.  The margaritas were also a little disappointing.  Tortillas were warm, but a little dry and cracking.  Black beans were totally unseasoned. Steak was very tasty and moist.  Green peppers and onions were tasty and sauteed well.  The portobellos were a total miss--they were marinated in worcester/soy and clashed with every other flavor.  The condiments were good, and decent portions, but they were all crammed on a tiny little plate--cheese, guacamole, sour cream, pico de gallo.
The margaritas were served in generous portions at a good price ($18/pitcher), but that was the best part.  We went with the traditional because none of the other mixers looked like they might be sour.  They tasted like they were straight from a mix, and they were pretty weak.  After finishing a pitcher between two of us, I had a light buzz, and I'm not a drinker.  
Overall, it was good, but I probably won't take the trip up to Roxborough again, so I gave it three stars.Love this place!  The food has always been delicious and ample.  They also have plenty of vegetarian options to choose from.  My favorite has to be the BBQ duck burrito, which is so delicious and so big, that I usually can't finish it.  
I used to live in Roxborough and I have truly missed this place since I moved to South Philly, but recently while I was walking my dog, I came across a sign on a vacant storefront on Passyunk stating that an Adobe Cafe will be opening up soon!  I can't tell you how excited I was, since this is just a couple blocks away from my home!A hidden gem in this area. Great service, delicious food, and lots of vegan options. 
I came with a group of friends. I don't eat cheese, my other two friends are vegan, and we wanted some margaritas. They accommodated everything and had quite a list of margarita flavor options. 
The tacos were delicious. I got the al pastor, and the pineapple was sweet. The tacos also come with a little salsa, guacamole, and beans and rice. 
The best part of the meal was likely the chips and salsa they give you for free. The salsa is so fresh and deliciously spiced.
The margaritas were good but a little too sweet and not strong enough for us (subjective). Overall an great restaurant and would definitely go back!This place was good--both food and service. I had the same thing by accident both times we visited, and it was good both times.For the immediate neighborhood, it's a great place.  They have decent beers, great cocktails, and their food is satisfying.  Ask the bartender John to make you a brainfreezegood drinks. the food was pretty solid although my friend's ribeye was extremely fatty. (i'm fully aware ribeyes are naturally fatty.) service was a bit lax. we went to the bar after dinner and the bartender was knowledgable and an overall good dude.I went here today for the first time. The food was pretty good; the steak tips on the appetizer menu were awesome. The only thing that I wasn't too impressed with was the service. It took about 45 minutes to get our food and all we ordered was tacos and a burrito.I've been going to adobe for 20 years when Sue
And her husband were owners. Always great until
Recently, numerous complaints: fruit flys, cleanliness 
Wing special attracted dirty people that were able
To sit at bar, order water and gorge theirselves with
Wings. Then had to hear arguments over a $10 bill 
And poor servers not being tipped. Also can smell
Piss from bathrooms, food is lacking, and Saturday 
Night karaoke brought in some real weirdos 
I'm confused is this a Restaurant or bad comedy
Club?  It's hit or miss anymore, I'm done. It's a
Shame some good people working there. Owner 
Needs to realize its time to do a little remodel & 
Major cleaning. Bar rescue time!   Remodel, clean,
Get back to good food and drink, and raise your prices
To keep out the people that are ruining your business.
Sorry, I was a once & sometimes 2x a week 
Customer.Alright, here's the deal: If you want outstanding service, try to always land a male server. In no way am I saying the women here can't do it proper, or that the fellas won't screw up; they have quite a few competent and sociable waitresses, and I've had an off day from dudes a time or two before. What I am letting you know is that when I've had a poor expecience at the Adobe, it was almost always at the hands of one of two lady servers, so, rather than put both of them on blast, I decided to recommend avoiding the entirety of the female wait staff. Sorry ladies. 
Recently the menus were stream lined a bit, but quality grub and moderate pricing is still what's available. Main picks for me remain the steak tips, the corn chorizo soup (no longer available in bowls, only cups), and the crispy and mildly fiery hot wings, but the complimentary basket of chips comes with some of my favorite salsa in the city (ate 3 baskets to myself last time in). Best times to go are all night Monday and Tuesday (when they offer their special of two entrees and a bottle of wine/ pitcher of margaritas/ pitcher of beer for $35.00) or, for the bar area, any day of the week while the great happy hour special is on (5-7). Good food at a good price that's perfect for an intimate one-on-one or a rowdy 15 person jammer.Holy mother of god. Go here. Amazing vegan and meateater options alike . 'nough said.Boo! The prizes are crazy for what your NOT getting. Ordered a side salad wow what a joke. Love their Caesar Salad but come on now the to go container wasn't even a 1/3 full. Also what mexican restaurant doesn't make their own guac. Looked like jello. and on top of that paid $3.50 for a mini cup of it. You know the kind places would normally give u something for free in since it was so tiny. Over the years they raised the pricing while cutting the proportions and quality down! Been going there for years.. now I'm pretty dissapointed!Went for Sunday brunch/lunch. Service was fine. The place is dirty and the  food is appalling.   The only decent item they put on the table was the free salsa and chips. No exaggeration.Adobe is amazing! They have so many options (including an entire vegan menu!). The servers are super helpful if you need any substations. They have a great special on Monday: 2 entrees and a pitcher of beer or margarita for $30. You can't beat it!I have been to this place multiple times, my girlfriend is a gluten-free chick and they made her feel very comfortable by answering her questions and providing corn tortillas, etc without hesitation.  This is, in my opinion, as authentic as Mexican can get in this area.  I would highly recommend this to anyone looking for a good mexican night.  Great margaritas and the atmosphere truly took me back to when I was vacationing in Arizona.  Excellent!As long as you don't go here expecting traditional tex/mex or Mexican food, you'll love it.  I've been there 3 times, and they have some interesting twists on Mexican, and it's great.  Portions are very large, the service has been good every time, and they have a large out door seating area.   BEST of all Mondays and Tuesdays they have a special two dinners and a pitcher of wine or beer for $30, or sangria or margarita for $35.  Can't beat it!  Definitely worth the trip!We came here for food and karaoke to celebrate a friend's birthday, and had a great experience with the restaurant portion. Really kind and attentive waitstaff, hefty food portions for reasonable prices. Pitchers of house margaritas weren't fantastic and could've used more alcohol, but we didn't complain. It was nice to see good vegetarian options on the menu, and we appreciated the specific questions regarding our vegetarian preferences. 
On the other hand, karaoke was a disappointment. Coming from karaoke in Center City, we might've expected some differences, but the main problem was that it was much too loud. Years of karaoke have taught us that people are more apt to participate when the volume is high, but this was uncomfortable and significantly louder than even any live-band karaoke we've gone to. Asked the DJ to lower the volume -- or at least turn the speaker more toward him so he could understand what he was putting his guests through -- but were denied. Suffice to say, our group of 12 left shortly after these requests were made...leaving the remaining 4 or 5 people to sing to their heart's content.Very good experience here. Stopped in for a quick lunch. I definitely recommend the chorizo quesadillas. Service was very friendly and welcoming. The restaurant was a little chilly for my comfort but aside from that, nothing else was a problem. I will definitely return. Looks like a lot of good options on the menu.I must say every time I have gone to the Adobe Cafe, I am always 100% satisfied -- and I have been to this place many times, sometimes more than once in one week. They are that good. I have gone on weeknights and weekends, day and evening. The service is always friendly and fast. The food is always absolutely delicious, fresh, and hot. I don't think I have ever had any issues. OH and their margaritas, are amazing! I get a pitcher to split between my boyfriend and I, and we are always satisfied with the one pitcher. 
Foods I recommend from the Adobe: chicken quesadillas [so good], lobster bisque [best i have had], chilli [best i have had - andi am not a huge fan of chilli], wings [absolutely delicious!!], steak with mixed veggies and mashed [the best meal I have eaten at the Adobe, and the portions are great for leftovers for later], and many others - but these are my favorites. 
The Adobe's prices are not super expensive but it is definitley not a cheap date. But for the quality of the food, the price is not bad. I just can not eat there everyday haha. 
definitely recommend this place to everyone! there are so many options - including a whole section on the menu for vegan/vergatarian friendly foods.The handful of times i've gone to this place, i always walk out and wounded why i went. Ive have much better Mexican in the center city and south Philly, and Manayunk.  The food is bland, so-so, and a little over priced for Mexican.  For the price of a Margarita I've had it made with fresh squeezed juice, not a mix. Staff is pleasant enough, service is good. I guess people go to this place, because it's local, and not had amazing Mexican food.It's a decently priced restaurant for the area. It has good food, nice variety, and I highly recommend the margaritas. The chips and salsa are pretty great, and it has out side seating and lunch hours. I recommend it if you're in the area, but I don't think I would go out of my way for it.This place is one of the best kept secrets in Roxborough. It is far enough way from Main Street in Manayunk that you would not know about it unless you either live in the area or heard about it through a friend or advertisement. The atmosphere is great. It does not get too loud even when there are a lot of people there. There is plenty of seating. I have been there twice at this point, and I believe there are three separate indoor seating areas, and there is an outdoor seating area. There is also a small bar. The prices are moderate. The appetizers are typically less than $10, and entrees range from roughly $11 to $20. When you are eating there, they give you bottomless tortilla chips and salsa. Even though the name and atmosphere would indicate all things Mexican, they do have items on their menu such as steak, chicken and pork spareribs, and they also have a portion of their menu entirely dedicated to vegetarian food. This place is good whether your are eating by yourself or you are with a group of friends. And the servers are friendly.Never got a bad dinner here, we love the Adobe steamers. If I had to say something bad it would be the lighting, some lights in the dining area aren't the warm incandescent bulbs and are annoying. Staff have always been great and the drinks are really good, our go to local Mexican stop for years now.Decent food - not impressed with the portobello fajitas at all. 
Horrible delivery service - Had to walk a block to meet the delivery man bc he refused to look for my houseLast night, I am sad to say, the Adobe burned down. Actually it didn't burn down but at 5:30 am (which i guess is actually today) it did catch fire. As my brother said, that means they'll finally get a new door and might have to redecorate the place. 
That being said, I'm sad that they might not be open for a minute. The Adobe is by no means a destination spot, but it is a solid neighborhood restaurant that provides ok service, ok food, ok drinks and a great environment for an affordable night out. 
The only thing I ever really eat here anymore are the Steak Tips and rice. Sometimes they're awesome, large and delicious; sometimes they're okay, kinda small and well past medium rare. A good night is hit or miss, but the food is always at least ok. My brother and lots of my friends swear by the Corn Chowder.The chips and Salsa are always fresh and good, and the bar keeps beers cold and makes passable cocktails. My cousin loves their Sangria. 
I like the Adobe mostly because it's comparably inexpensive and has an outdoor patio that is a great place to enjoy time with friends and family in leisure. The building is a hot pinkish-orangish "adobe" which makes me feel like I'm in a low-budget fake-Mexican movie. The decorations make me think I'm in that low-budget, fake-Mexican movie on acid. 
But I like it. What can I say? If it's within walking distance, you'll probably like it one cool summer night, too...Really good vegan cheese on my seitan tip sandwich. The twin bartenders were cool. Only issue was the bathroom stall door. Cool design but the top hinge is broken, and tough to lock. Figure if you're at a Mexican restaurant you need ready door locking ability in case a burrito doesn't sit well and you have impending diahrria other than that great place!The Adobe makes what I'd call southwestern food since it is similar to what I cooked in other southwest places. While lots on the menu is good I'll just let you know my bests. Steak tips are the main attraction here for me and I suggest you try to get them medium since anything above that will come sans pink (though even well done they are still tender). I also love the corn soup, but I love that everywhere. Wings are pretty good here, especially during happy hour when the price drops, because they have the crispy skin and a nice sauce. Happy hour has a few other deals but margarita pitchers and cheap drafts are the way to go. Friends enjoy the sangria but all the enjoyment I get from it comes from proof not flavor. Quesadillas are good though I am a cheese lover. The decor is very random, but I'm there for the food anyway. Surprised to hear things are pre-made there; sounds suspect but what Mexican food place doesn't. Friendly place with fun atmosphere and reasonably priced good food and drink. Go looking for that and that's what you'll get.The service in this place is hit or miss depending on which night you are there 
Been there several times 
One night we wait only 15 minutes, for the food, another  we waited almost 2 friggin hours for our order, with reminders we were waiting!..
This could've been because we were at the bar, or that they were busy, they do get a good crowd for a relatively small place , but this wasn't the 1st ( or even the 2nd time) this happened.  
This time  the order only came out when I told them to forget it.
That being said, the food itself is very good, the steak tips are amazing, and their wings are outstanding.   
the bartenders are outstanding as wellMust drink the homemade RED sangria.  Guaranteed everything else will fall into place after sipping on a few of these special cocktails!I've been to TAC in South Philly a bunch of times. I was excited to check out the NW extension. 
This place has a really weird vibe - not bad, just...weird. Or odd? I dunno. My date and I got there as they opened for brunch - we were the first customers seated. It was important that we sit at the bar because Ghostbusters 2 was playing (which looked like it was from a VHS tape, complete with horizontal banding and 80's commercials.)
We place our orders and time just started to go by...other customers are seated, place orders, get served, and we're sitting there, 40 minutes later, with occasional communication from the staff like "Sorry not all our chefs are in yet." Alright. Maybe they have dedicated vegan cooks? No big deal as it was a sleepy Sunday, and sure enough I needed to hear Bobby Brown sing "Too hot to handle, too cold to hold, they're called the Ghostbusters and they're in control. Had em throw a party for a bunch a child'n, while all of the while slime was under the build'n. So they packed up, regrouped, got a grip, came equipped
grabbed their proton packs off their back and they split, found about Vigo, the master of evil. Try to battle my boys? That's not legal! (O e O)."
I'm glad that movie was on because I think the place is haunted. All of the customers were seated in 1% of this enormous fucking house. There are all these dark rooms and caverns on the way to the restroom. I do not recommend bringing young children here. But the seitan fajitas that finally came out were bangin. Tofu fingers? Not so much. I should have known better (very bland.)
But the best part of the whole experience is that we didn't realize that the bartender and server were identical twins until we were wrapping up. The idea of one guy changing outfits every 5 minutes would really add to the experience. Recommended.The servers are wonderful. The outdoor seating is a nice environment, however the Mexican food leaves much to be desired. The beans were mushy and tasteless, the steak chewy and in a gross sauce, the chimi had a lot of spinach but no cheese and little beef, all in all it was the worst Mexican I've ever had. The two girls next to is got the wings, they looked decent.Adobe is one of those jewels of a restaurant that is perfect for vegetarians making plans with non-vegetarians.  Awesome food, a vegetarian menu as extensive as the non-veg, and space for as many people as you can possibly know.
We go regularly for the seitan steak tip appetizer and seitan fajitas.  The chips and salsa are dangerously good, and the tofu salad is nice for an occasional switch-up.
The seitan "wings" are good if you can eat super-spicy food.
We're regulars for dinner and had a great time having a party at Adobe this past fall.  They have private rooms for parties from 35 - gigantic.
Service is always excellent and it takes like 2 visits before everyone remembers you, your favorite dishes, and greets you like you're Norm.Pros:  Great food, nice staff, interesting ambience
Cons: A little priceyThe outside dining area make for a relaxed ambience.   You sit outside in a garden like area.  There is a wall with running water.  The menu offers many choices. IT has standeard Mexican fare but has original specials that are often worth trying. I have not eaten inside the restaurant.  I thought this was above average,  The staff was courteous and attentive, but not intrusive. If you want a quiet and solid Mexican dining experience in the Roxborough area then I would consider it worthwhile.Great food, big portions, good options for vegetarians if that is the type of diet you follow, great ambiance, and lastly great service. Worth the trip...What happened to this place? Smells musty  as soon as you walk in. There were two buckets in the ladies room collecting water from a leak in the ceiling. Food was not good. At the end of our meal the bus girl cleared our dishes and wiped the table while we were sitting there. And the waitress's shorts were way too short.I've been going there for over 10 years but will not be going backLove coming to the Adobe Cafe!
Seems a bit steep as far as price goes, but I've been here several times with a Groupon. Never been disappointed. The food is amazing, the servers are always a delight (with a small exception to their PR/CSR lady who comes around during meals asking you to fill out a survey). The Margarita's are great and you get free chips and salsa.
The meal portions are big; I've yet to finish a full meal there without needing a doggy bag. The duck taco's are my personal favorite, but everyone who's eaten with me there has gotten something amazing.
The atmosphere is nice, and the restaurant is surprisingly big on the inside. Never had to wait in line to get a seat.
I'd definitely recommend Adobe Cafe to anyone that liked Mexican.Let me start by saying the wings at Adobe are great! They are fried nice and crispy, like a wing should be, and drenched in a spicy chipotle flavored sauce. Very good.
Unfortunately it stops there.
The service is slowwww! Like peddling a bike through molasses! It took 15 minutes to  get our drinks. My margarita tasted like Gatorade. (And not in a good way)!There are a few reasons I keep coming back - the salsa, the margaritas and the free parking! I live in the neighborhood and in the Manayunk/Roxborough area parking is usually hard to find but across the street from The Adobe Cafe is a public parking lot and it's free! How perfect. 
This week my boyfriend and I went out to dinner and we had another very delicious meal here.  I recommend the chicken burrito or the chicken fajitas. We both seem to order the same thing but I've also had their blackened salmon before and that was very tasty too!
It's a relaxed setting so no need to get dressed up for this place but def. bring your appetite because servings are pretty large.Finding decent Mexican food is always a bit of a gamble. Adobe Cafe gets this right. I'm not sure how they compare to their previous incarnation as I moved into the area right before they reopened. I'm always happy to get food at Adobe, and I love their outdoor seating area. Before we were really taking the baby out to restaurants, we also ordered out from here a few times and were always pleased. The restaurant is located way off the main drag, on a one-way street. Parking here, as with most places in Roxborough and Manayunk, can be a hassle.Adobe Cafe serves excellent flavorful food. There is a perfect balance of spices and it's never over or undercooked. The salt is perfect. We ordered the tortilla soup, seitan kabobs and a vegetarian dinner with enchilada, taco, Spanish rice, chips and salsa. It was more than enough for 4 people. The best part is that they have a lot of vegetarian and vegan choices. Most meat serving restaurants have maybe 2-3 good dishes. But Adobe cafe has a wide selection of delectable dishes which means we will be returning soon. We have eaten at the restaurant and have also ordered delivery. Both times service was fast and efficient.I really like this mexican joint. They serve a good variety of mexican food, from classical burritos to chimichangas to tasty frozen drinks. Also the decor is one of my favorite things about Adobe Cafe, straight Mexico! I had a chimichanga, which i really enjoyed. My boyfriend had the mexican combo, not overly impressed but the food was good. The best part about our evening was that the Adobe was playing all Greatful Dead music ! Overall good Mexican and would like to go back when the weather becomes warmer, they have an outside patio.The food is always good here, but the restaurant is so gosh darn cold! I went for dinner on Wednesday night. Outside, the weather was about 50 degrees. It felt colder inside the restaurant. I sat and had dinner with my coat on the entire time. I went to use the restroom, and it was actually warm in there! I hate to say it - I love the food here, but the fact that the thermostat is set so low is a deterrent for me to not come back any time soon.If you want good (not great) Mexican food at reasonable prices Adobe is fine. Been going here on and off for close to 20 yrs. The best deal here is the Monday and Tuesday night Fiesta Dinner special. It's includes unlimited chips and salsa, 2 nice size entrees w/ a plate full of salad, rice and beans and a pitcher of Margaritas - all for $35.00! It's a great deal. The service has always been pleasant and accommodating. With tax and tip it comes out to $45.00. Not a bad deal for decent food and drinks for 2 people.I really wanted to love it here .... But it was not impressive at all ! I remember coming here while visiting family probably about 15 years ago and it being awesome ! I just moved into this area myself and was excited to try it out again. Even better, I wound up getting a Groupon. I went a few weeks ago for dinner and it was dead in there. Chips and salsa were fine. Beef empanadas for an appetizer were good. Entrees .... Yuck ! My boyfriend had a chicken burrito and it was horrible. It was literally like chicken stew in gravy in a burrito. There was nothing Mexican about it at all. It was sloppy and tasteless. The rice had carrots and peas in it .. Ew .. And again not Mexican at all? 
I branched out and got the crab cake entree ... It looked and tasted just "ok". Working in the restaurant business, I can recognize what's good or not. Maybe they tried a little more on this dish, but the quality was still lacking. Best thing on my plate were the mashed potatoes. 
I would give less stars but the service was really fantastic. I believe our servers name was Monica. She was extremely sweet and attentive. 
We took dessert to go - whatever chocolate peanut butter option was on the menu and enjoyed it thoroughly ! 
I wish they would give this place an overhaul and get it back where it used to be ! It has a lot of potentialLove the atmosphere and the food! Fajitas are fantastic! YummIn an area with a lack of Mexican food, this place is OK for a real craving. Just don't get the ground beef tacos -- they taste incredibly like a slim Jim taco. Seriously, I am not sure how they even did that, but it's true. The duck tacos were unusual and excellent, and the salsa was really terrific -- one of the best I've had. Mixed drinks were big on size but the sangria I had was a bit bizarre ... Too fruity and not enough wine. Guacamole was a 2 out of 5. The decor didn't bother me as it did others ... It was definitely kitschy but a little fun, too. Also thought the service was great.My husband and I came here for a little date night, between the reviews on yelp and hearing some friends speak very highly about this restaurant when I saw a groupon I jumped at the opportunity!! I'm just going to get straight to the food. Things started out with the complimentary chips and salsa. I would say the salsa was not my fav but definitely fresh! The chips were hot but lacking salt, little did I know that would be true of our dinner experience. We then ordered the half pitcher white sangria which was ok, it certainly didn't knock our socks off. Then comes our appetizer I think it was called the tex combo, which consisted of fries with sautéed onions and Jalapeño, chips with guacamole and fried calamari. I prefer my guac to be a little more chunkier and flavorful. The calamari was so over cooked and lacking flavor my husband thought they gave us onion rings instead. Now it's time for the main course so my husband ordered the pork medallions with a sub of bland rice and the even blander black beans. I'm almost completely certain that they just opened the can, rinsed the beans and heated them up. There was no faint essence of onion or garlic or even plain ole salt!! Nothing!!.. Ok here's the kicker I ordered the crab and shrimp enchiladas, which came with rice and and mixed veggies. Let me start by saying that the veggies were beautiful and not cooked to death!!! Beautiful and tasteless that is!! Again NO flavor!!! Is it too much for me to ask that my food taste good? Little did I know what a culinary disaster the enchiladas would be!!! The smell/ taste of my first bite was so overwhelming I literally gagged. There was a distinct funky flavor. I soon realized that there was something that tasted like goat cheese. Now weather you like goat cheese or not, everyone generally agrees its a funky cheese!!! And definitely not the flavor profile I was looking for in my enchiladas. I asked the waitress what kind of cheese was inside and she she queso fresco, a cheese I like but this tasted nothing like it (in my humble opinion). Anyway, I open up the enchilada (feeling like I Gordon Ramsey on kitchen nightmares) to find a little bit of tiny pieces of shrimp and a crab mixture. Almost like a Crab cake with way too much filler. I couldn't bring myself to eat anymore since i basically lost my appetite so I sent it back and order the coconut shrimp. Which were over cooked and again very very bland!! At the end of the night we ended up taking a lot of food home and trashing it. I want end by saying that every person that we spoke to was completely pleasant and accommodating, especially our waitress. Unfortunately I won't be back unless Chef Ramsey or restaurant impossible comes and does an overhaul.i had an excellent dinner at the adobe cafe.  delicious warm chips and guac.  i had steak tacos which were very filling.  they came served with refried beans and rice.  my friend had a vegan burrito which was also tasty.  They have an extensive veggie / vegan friendly menu.
my only gripe about the place is i think it is a bit over priced.  for some reason i cannot justify spending more than $12 on a mexican dinner.  my 3 steak tacos cost $15.My favorite restaurant in Roxborough - GREAT vegetarian options! I love Adobe Cafe because they really understand people who eat vegetarian (I am not a vegetarian, but don't eat meat outside the house). While most places give you a few random veg dishes, Adobe has a full menu of vegetarian fare that complements the regular menu - so when you see the "Texas Ranchero Wings" on the menu and think "mmm, that sounds good", you can check the vegetarian menu and order the "Seitan Texas Ranchero Wings" (BEST item on the menu, incidentally - spicy, melt-in-your-mouth good).
Other highlights: housemade salsa with chips as soon as you sit down, delicious roasted red pepper soup, big portions (even for appetizers) and cheap house wine ($4-5 a glass).
The only reason I'm not giving it 5 stars is because the entrees are overpriced - so I usually get the roasted red pepper soup and the seitan wings and that's plenty for dinner for me.Not sure why everyone keeps posting about how "weird" this place is. When I walked in I was half expecting ghosts to fly out of the walls or something. It just looked like a normal restaurant to me. I had the seitan fajitas, which were delicious. The free chips and salsa are great..the salsa has just the right amount of spicy kick to it.
Me and my friends got a pitcher of sangria which gave 3 of us 2 glasses each. It was a cozy little place with good food and good service. I would go back.Great food, great staff, silly atmosphere.  A perfectly fine place to spend a Friday night.Best wings I've ever had. I know, it's a mexican place... try them. You won't regret it. The service about a year ago was hit or miss but it's recently improved. Go on Monday/Tuesday for Fiesta Night ... I belie e it's $35 for two entrees and a pitcher of margaritas? Score.One of my long-time favorites.  I really like both the regular and the vegan options,especially the grilled seitan tips.  They taste as good as meat.  A festive atmosphere for gatherings.We love this place! They have so many vegetarian and vegan options, and many options to replace dairy (e.g. vegan cheese and sour cream). The staff is always so friendly and accommodating, and the food is absolutely delicious. Their homemade salsa and chips is always a hit as an appetizer!I have no idea how this place stays in business.  The only thing more appalling than their prices is the slop they bring out to your table.  Everything costs about 3 times more than you would expect or could imagine.  Most of the entrees are in the high teens.  Bare in mind this place is a sh*t hole that smells like someone's basement.
The wife wanted to do something Mexican-y for Cinco De Mayo and, because of time constraints, we begrudgingly wound up here.  I got the pulled pork "burrito".  It was more like a soup wrapped in a stale tortilla surrounded with rice and a mix of disgusting old vegetables.  I have no idea what kind of cook could have decided the consistency of what was in my tortilla was acceptable to serve to a customer let alone classified it as a burrito.  I paid $14 for this or rather as much of it as I dared choke down.  The contents of my wife's tacos were of a similar consistency and unpleasantness.
I hope to never even drive by this place again lest I have flashbacks of what I consumed today.
Bleck.Very good.  Never had a bad meal here.   Wings are unique and excellent.  If it's nice out, request the patio. Great atmosphere.I love this place, especially in the spring and summer when you can sit outside. Food is great and all homemade. I especially recommend the chicken or flank steak tacos. Sangria is phenomenal.Food is always great! Highly recommend Texas ranchero wings- so crispy and great addicting sauce, steak tips- so tender, French fries-amazing, salsa-amazing, gringo burger- great if u get cheese and bacon on it.  2 margaritas and you will not want to leave, they are strong and delicious. Outside patio is great in the summertime.I definitely consider myself a great judge of food, and especially wings. Adobe's wings aren't just the best in the 19128/19127 area, they're probably the best in all of Philly. Order them saucy and you'll probably think the same. Always consistent, and the homemade ranch is a great substitute for blue cheese.While the ladies who came out to help with our service were fantastic and extremely friendly, the food wasn't much to rave about.
The menu tries very hard to be accommodating to a lot of different palettes, but I think if they focused on the basics and perfected them, this place would be fantastic.
I got the Carne Asada and it was extremely sub par for the price. I feel that my second choice enchilada would have been a better pick.
Do want to give this place another try when the weather is warmer as the location begs for outdoor seating, but until then, I'll be getting my Mexican cuisine elsewhere.The first (and only) time I've ever sent food back.
I wanted to like this place so badly.  I loved the kitchy decor, loved the outdoor seating, thought the waitstaff was friendly and attentive . . . but the food!  My ground beef taco was mostly luke-warm gray slop that seemed to have been put through a blender.  The queso looked like it was 80% lard and didn't taste any better.  I don't drink alcohol, and that seems to be a key to this place -- a friend has since told me that everyone goes here for drinks & atmosphere.
I am a picky eater, I'm often served things that I'm not able to appreciate properly, and I always assume the problem is *me*.  This food was so gross, there was no way for me to take the blame.  Seriously.  Gross.So not impressed with Adobe Cafe.  According to my husband, this used to be an awesome place, which is why we chose to go there.  Perhaps this place is just a has-been.
We ordered drinks and after having a sip of mine, I noticed the glass was dirty.  Like there was dried food on it from the last person who drank out of it.  No big deal, the bartender gladly poured me a new glass, one that was clean.  
Chips and salsa are complimentary and I was craving some queso.  Seriously, Chili's or any other chain restaurant has better queso than Adobe.  It tasted like someone put a blob of old Velveeta cheese in the microwave - disgusting.  
We got some beef tostadas for an appetizer and I found them to be flavorless and boring.  For dinner, we chose chicken tacos, which were about the same quality as the tostadas.  
Overall, the place is huge with some nice outdoor seating, but anyone with some basic cooking skills can make better food than they are serving here.If I could give this 3 1/2, I would. I am a die hard fan of Mexican food. I used to live in LA and one of the few things I missed from there is the great Mexican food. I got it back at Adobe cafe. That's not say to everything at Adobe is great (the nachos and wings are so-so) but I really love  the carnitas tacos and the steaks tips are to die for.
Although some great Mexican food is served, a few problems. Location. I don't know if this in their control.  But the place is on a side street, so unless you live near that side street, you are going to miss the place, not go as much or only go if you have a dying need for the carnitas tacos and steak tips. Second, the place seems to have streamlined a lot of menu items.  For starters, cheese enchiladas can be found in almost any Mexican restaurant, whether cheap or fancy.  You can't find  cheese enchiladas in the Adobe menu.  Finally, as a few people mention, someone has been neglecting the maintenance of the place.  Its not bad now, but someone keeps on neglecting, the place will look cheesy as a Taco Bell, will is certainly not Adobe's intent.
What's interesting, Johnny Manana's (another Philly Mexican competitor) gets the parts right where Adobe is wrong and gets the parts wrong where Adobe is right.Really its a 3.5 star place, but alas rounding rules. I'll bump it up for the service and the drinks.
Food is hit or miss... the key is to go with Tex-Mex staples (fajitas, burritos, etc.) or to get the more authentic stuff:
- Tacos - get "Mexican" style (i.e. soft corn tortillas with onions and cilantro)
- Sopes - the sopes here are actually pretty good. Go for the carnitas sopes.
Duck tacos are pretty delicious too.
Lots of room inside and also an outdoor area. Good place for drinks.Gr8 atmosphere
Good food. Wings are one flavor but exceptional.
Price is decent.  Great drink specials. 
BBQ duck burrito is HUGEDos Equis amber lager & chicken fajitas are a great combo meal.  The environment is perfect...authentic seating & wall items.  Service is great and it's a cool place to visit.There was a lot of hype about this place, and I am a little sad that the experience didnt match up.  In all I thought that for a place specializing in Mexican/Southwest cuisine, there should be more heat.  The seasoning was pretty absent from my food, the salsa, and the guacamole.
I enjoyed my drink, a caiparihna.  It was very tasty.  The chips were warm, which is always a nice touch.  The waiter didnt explain specials to us, he spoke really fast, and he seemed generally disinterested.
I had the duck tacos for my meal.  The duck meat was mushy and simmered in some sort of sauce.  It reminded me of salsa verde, but less flavorful.  I actually found a bone in my taco, so be careful if you order anything with shredded meat here.  Someone else in my party also ordered the duck tacos and was even more dissastisfied than I.  The third member of our party had the mole chicken, which she said was decent.
All said, I think the drinks were the best part of the meal.  The food was not as spicy as I expected and not as good as I had heard.  But if overpriced mushy duck is your thing, this is the place for youOverall, I'd say stay away. If you live in the area, I think this place serves the same purpose as a local diner, albeit with a slightly more eclectic menu, but unfortunately the prices are way too high to justify what you get. The restaurant itself is unique in appearance and really kitschy with lots of natural wood and sombreros nailed to the walls. It feels somewhere half-way between a barn and a restaurant. 
The margaritas are great - the prices are very low, they're tasty and offered in a variety of flavours. We had the peach, it was delicious (though if you want to get really picky, to me it just tasted like a really, really tasty plain margarita.) They had an extensive tequila list and many different beers, which may or may not sway some people.
The chips and salsa we started out with were really good. The salsa tasted super fresh. We also got the chili con queso, which was slimy, watery, and mostly tasted like thick salt water. The rest of the meal didn't fare much better; my girlfriend ordered the salmon (which was served with some kind of wasabi sauce and balsamic reduction - it SOUNDED really good) and I got the steak fajitas. The salmon came out dry, bland, and a little bit tough. Apparently the sauce improved the situation slightly, but so little was provided that I didn't get to taste it. My fajitas were pretty much as expected; the steak was cooked well, the seasonings were good, the peppers and onions were reasonably fresh, but the plate of tomatoes, onions, sour cream and cheese looked like it had been assembled days before and kept in the fridge with saran wrap until it was needed. Everything looked old, squished and kind of gross and I wound up not touching it.
The staff were super attentive and friendly, which was pretty much what kept me from leaving this place frustrated.
We went on a groupon; for what we paid, we couldn't really be too upset for the quality of food. If I'd paid the menu price of nearly $20 for that salmon I would have been pretty frustrated, however. If you live in the area and are looking for a place to grab drinks with your friends, the cheap and tasty margarita pitchers here might be a great idea. Otherwise, I'd avoid this place. Way too much money for food and atmosphere that just feel "off."My first introduction to this Mexican restaurant was of a waiter serving hamburgers and  french fries to the next table over. That set the tone for the rest of the night because fresh Mexican food was a questionable title for what was served. The waiters were nice but brought out what tasted like canned refried beans and cheap boxed Spanish rice. At the average $16 price point I would expect more. I should have learned from the next table over and stuck with the hamburgers.I've been here about 8 times; the hostesses need some practice, the food is great 9.5 out of 10 times.
Their Monday/Tuesday "Fiesta night" deal is fantastic, 2 entree's, a pitcher of marg or sangria for $45...
Love the chimmi's, beef taco's, crag ques. and their seared steak tip app.  Sitting outside is great 8 months/year...inside is cozy in the other 4!I was very excited to come here because of their vegan options. I came here with my husband and  mother in law. We loved the atmosphere but it did not mach up to the food unfortunately. 
We waited a long time to be sat (on a Sunday afternoon) even though there were only 3 or 4 tables occupied. I was not very impressed by the vegan cheese. Living in the city has made me very spoiled to good vegan food. The price was too much for simple tortillas, beans and veggies. Overall, the place was OK. I may come back but the food was not very special to me.Ugh.  I gave this place a few chances, but I will not be coming back.  First of all - the place itself, tucked in the neighborhood, within walking distance, not on Main St, so much going for it.  But when you walk in - what the heck? The "lobby" is weird, dark and cluttered.  There are wires or extension cords running along the ceiling and I swear a washer/dryer set with a laundry basket of dirty linens on top.  Obviously a converted house, but this is ridiculous.  
Everyone goes here for the endless margaritas and the outside patio but the margaritas are a watery mix and served in wine glasses(?). There are no margarita glasses to be found at this place.  I don't even think they came with a fresh lime.  The outside patio is a plus but with food and drink this bad, I'm disappointed to say I won't be using it.
I ordered enchiladas and they were awful.  There was something dusted on the top and I asked the server what it was and he looked at me with a straight face and said, "parmesan cheese."  
That about sums it up.In short, this is a local, independent, non-pretentious neighborhood restaurant!  You will get really delicious food and friendly service in an older building.  While some staff are seasoned and knowledgeable, you'll find newer staff, while pleasant, are definitely green in their skill set. If the place is packed, service may be slow.  Unlike a huge chain, they don't have a pile of greeters and wait staff just standing around.  Also unlike a huge chain, no one will recite from memory the required "up-sell sales pitch".  Be thankful for independent business, support the good ones so they survive, and have a little patience when things get hectic.
For the detailed review, feel free to keep reading...
Now residing in the Roxborough / Manayunk neighborhood of Philadelphia since early 2015, I am fortunate to have many local, small and independent restaurants and bars from which to choose.  One of my newest favorites is the Adobe Cafe (I have been here at least 8 or 9 times in the course of 5 to 6 months).  The restaurant with bar is in a nondescript location right a midst the neighborhood residents. It's a casual and comfortable spot where it appears many folks are long-time regulars.  I have yet to actually dine in the dining room, instead choosing the bar area (same menu).  I am guessing they have been operating for 20+ years and the owners have 1 other location in South Philadelphia.  
They are self-described as South Western Cuisine, but many would also consider it Mexican.  The extensive menu features many options of Quesadillas, Enchiladas, Burritos, full entrees and lots of appetizers.  They also feature an entire page of Vegetarian choices.  Some of my favorites (I'm still discovering new favorites) include the Vegetarian Quesadilla, the Steak Tips, Fish Tacos and Chicken Burrito (it's huge).  I keep promising myself I will soon try the Peanut Butter Pie for dessert.
The Adobe Café features 2 main dining areas, the bar with lots of tables for seating (plus about 8 at the bar), and an outdoor dining area.  The full bar service of course features plenty of Margaritas and Daiquiris, as well as a large selection of Frozen Drink specialties.  Plenty of beer choices, but a limited selection of wines (but very reasonably priced).  As I add other reviews of my neighborhood spots, you'll find most offer a very basic selection of wine.
Thinking this mostly served neighborhood residents, after speaking with other patrons (a huge benefit of sitting at the bar in any restaurant) is many come from other parts of the city to dine here, which speaks volumes for the quality.  The staff appears consistent, and they are all friendly and welcoming (though some are very "green" at their skills).  If you try the Adobe Café (or any local neighborhood restaurant), keep in mind they are imperfect which in parts makes them unique.  Every month, on the 4th Thursday the Adobe Café does a benefit night with a significant portion of the proceeds going to the charity of the month.  It will likely be extremely busy, so if it's your first visit, don't go on charity night as they almost always have an amazing turnout (as they do for other community events).  Independent restaurants are the opposite of most chains - which is why I love them. As soon as you are seated, free chips and homemade salsa are served (and you don't need a rewards membership to get them).  Prices range from around $8 to $16 for most appetizers and entrees.
They feature Karaoke on Saturday nights in the bar area, though I have yet to attend.  Otherwise, there is a jukebox in the bar (I really am not a fan of these unless a staff member can manipulate them), or often one of the TV's is on with sound.  There is actually free municipal parking in the lot across the street or just find a spot on the street (it's still a bit easier to do up the hill in Roxborough than in Manayunk).  If this was a chain with the same review, they would get 4 stars, but small business cannot compete with big corporate chains, so 3 cheers for the bonus star!Some serious lip-numbing going on. Salsa is very tasty. And has a nice little burn after a few minutes. Just the way we like it! The $35 special word well for us. Fajitas for me and Burrito (red&green) for my husband.Excellent value for very good mexican-(like) food. It's not the most authentic Mexican food I've ever eaten, but that's what makes it interesting. Great "homemade" salsa & chips, excellent guacamole. 
I used to live walking distance from this restaurant (can be VERY convenient when having multiple margaritas) and ate there quite often. After my divorce my daughter & I would eat there about 1X per month. Later, I took my future wife there and she was skeptical of the orange stucco exterior of the restaurant and of the "side street" neighborhood location. But after trying the fajitas, she was asking to go back! We would always try to make the Monday & Tuesday night $30 special for 2.  Includes a pitcher of house margarita. 
We eventually got married, moved to a larger house in the suburbs and tried a number of other Mexican-(like) restaurants - and just recently went back to Adobe again for the first time in 2 years - and you know what? It's just as good as we remembered and we have scratched Coyote Crossing & Tequila Joe's off of our Mexican restaurant list. 
On busy Friday & Saturday nights, they may sit you in the back room(s) and it can be quite noisy at Adobe. In the summer & fall, try to get to the outside patio. Wait staff has been quite good every time we go... but I'm not looking for 5-star service at a moderately priced restaurant either. 
Always try the specials. I had a talapia dish, steamed in foil with peppers, onions and fresh Mexican spices and it was truly remarkable!Went to this place with a friend. I only didn't give it five stars as I'm from NM and I'm kind of spoiled when it comes to Mexican style food. 
Overall the food experience was great. Chips and salsa were tasty, the salsa was actually pretty good! The meal portions were big, but delicious! They have a nice selection of Mexican beers (Dos Equis Amber is my Mexican beer of choice). They also have a nice selection of the basic foods (tacos, burritos, echiladas, etc.) that most people are familiar with, and many different options of each to choose from. 
I will be returning to this place as it is the closest to home that I've experienced out here. I highly recommend it if you are a fan of Mexican food. And if you're craving a margarita, they have plenty of those too! Hope you enjoy this as much as I did!First time there the other night..loved the decor of the place and bigger than i expected. I had the chicken burrito that I enjoyed and it came with large sides of veggies and rice. Chips and salsa on the house. I will be going back for sure.A cute, comfortable place with good food. As others have mentioned, there are several good vegetarian and vegan options, which is a great change of pace. 
The peanut butter pie was too good to pass up, so we got a slice to go. Highly recommended.I was really excited about going here, as I heard from a friend that it was excellent, and I had recently purchased a Groupon that was good for 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and a dessert.  My boyfriend and I just went here (Oct, 2013) and it was one of the worst meals I've had in a really long time.  First, the place is really old, smells weird and just feels "musty."  Our waitress was very nice, which was one of the very few "okay" things about Adobe.  We ordered a pitcher of Skinny Girl Margaritas (my boyfriend was accomodating my request for a marg with less calories) and right away--we knew something was wrong by the taste of the drinks.  I've had this version of a margarita before too, so I knew it was wrong.  Well, after asking--the waitress realized that the orange juice was out on the dispenser, which explained the weird taste of club soda that the drink had...it wasn't sweet enough.  She brought us over a glass of OJ, and we added it in which helped--but again, I was really looking forward to a delicious margarita and this was so disappointing.  Plus, if they knew the OJ was out, why did they serve it to us like that?  Oh and, even after finishing the pitcher, neither of us felt any affects of the alcohol--feel that it was probably mostly juice and not enough tequila.  The ONE highlight I do have is the chips and salsa.  I should've just stuck to eating that as my meal!  So, we ordered coconut shrimp as an app, and that actually was pretty tasty.  hard to mess up that dish though, I think.  I ordered the tacos as my meal--with flank steak.  I was imagining strips of steak inside the taco and instead I got steak that was cut into tiny cubes and mixed with some sort of gravy-sauce.  It was really weird, and not too appetizing.  My boyfriend got a burrito and I think his was okay.  We ordered dessert (bc it was part of the Groupon) and the fried ice cream was not good at all.  I LOVE sweets, and i stopped after 1 small bite.  Overall, we were just really disappointed, especially after hearing good reviews from others.  We won't go back.I continue to rate the Adobe ALMOST 5 stars, mainly because it is still a good value.  I probably have not visited Adobe Café since 2012 - (I no longer live around the corner from it).  I went there for my birthday recently, which unfortunately for me is very close to Cinco de Mayo.  They were extremely crowded (a good sign), and service took a while.  Their salsa and chips are still outstanding, and flowed freely while we were waiting for the entrée.  
They have a vegan menu, and my daughter ordered from that.  I ordered the Mexican sampler kind of dish... it was good, BUT, I had the distinct feeling that much of the food was prepared ahead of time and just warmed up prior to coming to the table.  The tamale on the sampler was not good at all.  I'll let that slide this time because I'm sure they were expecting to get slammed.  I should have given the date a little bit of thought.
On the plus side, they have definitely redecorated, and polished it up a bit.  Even the lighting is improved slightly.  The Margarita(s) were exceptional!  We will return, just not for Cinco de Mayo weekend.  We did not get to utilize their outside patio this time - highly recommended.Adobe Cafe is one of my favorite restaurants around, not for their mexican food, but for two things. The complimentary chips and salsa; and most importantly the Wings. The wings are called texas ranchero, meaning they are spicy but also sweet. They have great texture, and a pretty fair price regular price.
For happy hour every night they have 30cent wings, and damn they still don't disappoint.
Love this place.Really strong red sangria, but delicious. They do substitutions of the shots in it, which is cool. The tamales were awesome, hot and filling! The service was friendly but not exceptional and a little slow, so only four stars. We dined in the outdoor section, and considering it was a summer evening it was a great experience.Debbie Downer # 2 here-
I am not crazy about this place. I really didn't think the food was all that great for the price. The margaritas are weak but the price for a pitcher is fair. 
I ordered the chimichanga once but without chicken and they couldn't honor my request because they were premade and heated to serve. I really wouldn't expect that from a place like this. I will say that the assorted mushroom quesadilla is pretty great, but everything else I've had there is pretty unimpressive & flavorless. I would not call this authentic Mexican food whatsoever.
Free parking is a plus.
The decor is obnoxiously bad however I find they layout of the restaurant to be cool with its several rooms and outdoor seating. 
I would probably go back if I was desperate for Mexican and didn't feel like driving out to Chipotle in Bala Cynwyd.The food here is very authentic (considering it is in the Philly area).  They have great pitchers of margaritas (I recommend the Cadillac) including a house margarita special and jalapeño flavors.  It is a great place to come with a group of friends, big portion sizes, and LOTS of options.  They cater to vegetarians, vegans, meat eaters, and fish lovers. I recommend getting the tilapia tacos, it is blackened with melted cheese on top. Skip on the guacamole, it is nothing special and they give a healthy amount with any entree order. 
One thing that does hold true to other reviews is that the service is a little slow. So it is a great place if you want to sit a while sipping drinks and hang out with friends.Bought a Groupon for appetizer, 2 entrees and dessert. Not only was dinner, (steak tips & pork with some crazy good coconut creme sauce), amazing, but the banana and ice cream dessert was insane! Liz gave us great service and the rest of the staff helped to make everything seamless. Great job guys! I will definitely recommend!Since I wrote my review last year, I pretty much have eaten at this place biweekly. It continues to be tasty and I enjoy eating outside in the summertime. Recently I have tried many of the vegan options which are good if not better then those containing meat.I've been to Adobe several times...great margaritas, however the service and food have gone downhill recently.  I was unable to use an eversave deal on two seperate occassions (one was during the fajita night special and one I only had the voucher number).  Last night my boyfriend ordered enchiladas and they contained no enchilada sauce (???).  A few weeks ago we were dining there around 2pm on a Saturday.  Since it wasn't during prime lunch time, there were only a handful of other patrons in the restaurant and the service was SO SLOW.  We were there for almost two hours.Good food, good service.  A little pricey, but they put out groupons frequently!  I'm always a little annoyed by the young lady who comes around during your meal to ask you to fill out a survey.   The portions are big, we almost always have leftovers.  The margaritas are hit-or-miss.  The first time we went, they were great, and really strong!  Other times they've been so-so.  We also love the fact that the parking lot across the street is free!Went around 5:30-ish.  The place was deserted.  I heard voices in the back laughing and kept calling "hello, hello"?  Finally someone came out.  I asked out-loud why my shoes were sticking to the floor.  I am normally not that crass, but I'd at least expect my sneakers not to stick to the floor ALL the way through the restaurant.
We ordered and had to request their "famous" salsa.  I like hot stuff, but the green salsa was so cray-cray, I ordered a side of guac to calm my mouth down.  We were presented, by some random dude (with a flourish) our entree's.   Only, they weren't even close and belonged to a table that had come in after us.  No idea if they were remade or not.  I asked for hot sauce and was presented with a wicker gift basket of supermarket stuff with the exception of sricha.  That totally through me off.  I don't want no rooster hot sauce in my gift basket!  The funny thing was, there was no room on the table for the basket and the server sucked.  Therefore, I sat there like Judy Garland with an Easter Parade basket on my arm throughout half my meal.  
When I did get my food, I enjoyed it.  It was just the absurdity of the rest of the meal which was beyond words.
I was brought there by a friend who loves it.One of my favorite off the beaten path placed in manayunk. 
So much to say about adobe...
Great atmosphere inside you feel transported to Mexico, outside has a great patio when weather is nice
Huuuge menu with delicious food and uncommon options such  as vegan options and even duck. 
Pitchers of amazing margaritas and sangria. They are so good. 
I've ordered a lot of different things here but always go back to the mushroom quesadilla. It has some goat cheese in it and is topped with a balsamic glaze. I also really enjoy the tilapia tacos. A friend swears by the duck burrito.Love chicken tacos here! Even better is getting them on Monday or Tuesday when they're running their special, 2 meals and a pitcher for $35. Can't beat that! Nice little patio for outdoor seating in the summer. Oh, and they offer the city wide!This was one of the first places my husband and I went on a date when we first met, and I cannot stop going back. We recently made our way back to the neighborhood and have frequented Adobe ever since. We're both huge fans of the duck tacos and duck fajitas, but honestly, I haven't been let down by anything I've ordered. One friend wasn't a huge fan of the tamales, but that's the only complaint I have ever heard. The margaritas are delicious, but a little light on the tequila, but not bad enough to lose a star over. When the weather's nice, sit outside. If you go on a Saturday for late dinner, be award that there is karaoke in the bar area that carries over into some of the dining room, too. Again, no big deal since you'll be stuffing yourself silly with delicious Mexican food!Love the vegetarian options! Great for picky people too.This is a pleasant oasis in Roxborough. Great outdoor sitting that could be anywhere in the world. The real jewel is the drinks and mexican food. If you are looking to be surprised how funand cool this spot is check it out.Worth a try! The Adobe Cafe has awesome Tex-mex bar food and there is space to sit outside. I would highly recommend the wings or nachos. After the appetizers, the food is good but a bit pricey. They offer a ton of unique vegan and vegetarian options and they deliver. Heads up, the soda is always flat.I was totally in love with this place when I lived in Roxborough 8 years ago.  I was obsessed with the seitan and the flourless chocolate cake.  I read Yelp reviews that things have gone downhill but hey, I thought, the decor was never really that exciting and the service wasn't 5 star but I didn't realize expect it to be for the type of spot it was. 
So I'm highly disappointed with what it's become.  The decor that was tacky and cheap before hasn't been redone...and is in a bad state of disrepair.  The carpet seams are coming up...the wood is worn...the place smells like a cheap, bleachy cleaner.  
I sat at the bar...the bartender was a fine server but was blasting game shows on the TV and just seemed a little inexperienced.  
I ordered the seitan kebabs.  I ordered a soda...and was informed that their soda is a lower brand than RC.  What would that even BE?!  
The chips were kind of gross...the salsa didn't taste quite right.  
The seitan was just boring.  It didn't taste that different out of the container, honestly.  The veggies weren't seasoned.  The rice was bland.  The "vegetables of the day" had nothing and were just steamed.  
And that terrible smell emanating from the place...ugh!  Seriously, this needs to be shut down, remodeled and something decent put in this spot.We went here because there aren't a lot of good Mexican restaurants in the neighborhood, but this got decent reviews and isn't that far from our side of Germantown. 
I am so very disappointed. We feel betrayed by our fellow Yelpers for giving such high reviews!  Or perhaps folks are reviewing the other location in South Philly, which we haven't been to, but another Yelper claims it's incomparably better.  I don't even have enough words to explain how let down me and my other half were, especially since we didn't get anything complicated.  
He got the chicken chimichanga w/spinach.  He said that once he added the guacamole, he was able to eat it.  Oh yeah: I should mention that he doesn't like avocados!  I got the tamales, which the were covered with pico de gallo and some kind of crema sauce.  I thought it odd since that's not traditional, but I really like tamales so I thought I'd be ok.  The "pico de gallo" was closer to crushed tomatoes from a can, and the tamale itself lacked flavor and had a texture akin to spackle.  The chicken was dry and not seasoned.  Two tamales came with the order; I ate half of one.
Even with mediocre restaurants, we give two chances.  Adobe didn't even reach mediocracy.This was by far one of worst meal I've had in a while.  My seitan tamales were completely tasteless and the mole on my boyfriend's enchiladas tasted like it came out of a can.  There was very minimal flavor in EVERYTHING.  The food is completely over priced for the quality. We ended up spending $60 for a meal I wish never happened.  If you want really great Mexican food you should go to Mi Puebla in Mt Airy.  That is true Mexican.I wouldn't go back for the fajitas.  Now, I am pretty picky about my fajitas, but for $16 I expect a little more.  The flank steak itself wasn't a bad quality, but its sides left much to be desired.  The tortillas were store bought, and the guacamole that came alongside it was from a tub, you know, the liquidy kind without any evidence of fresh avocado in it.
I sat at the bar.  Service was attentive.  Complimentary chips tasted freshly heated and salsa was ok.I placed a take out order through a 3rd party website to be ready by the time I finished my shift at the local hospital. When I got to Adobe and attempted to pick up my order from the bar there was no record of my order at all. It seemed this was the 3rd party website's fault, not the restaurant, so I wasn't mad... just hungry.
The waiter was very apologetic and offered to get my order cooked right away. I agreed, took a seat at the bar and used the opportunity to order a margarita. The pina colada margarita caught my eye so I ordered that. As my drink was being made, chips and salsa were placed in front of me and I was told they were complimentary for the inconvenience. Cool.
The margarita was delicious. I love pina coladas and I love margaritas - why had I never thought to combine them before?
By the time I was done sipping my drink my order was ready. As I went to pay the bill I found out my drink was also free. Very nice. I thanked the bartender/waiter for his graciousness and left with a huge foil tin of food.
The food itself was nothing special. I got the chicken flautas. They were tasty but nothing to write home about.
What really stands out here is the customer service and the drinks. I also liked the fun, laid back atmosphere. I'll probably be back.This could be one of my favorite Mexican food spots in all of Philly.  The food, drinks, and service are all 5 stars or beyond.  The one problem I had was the actual restaurant itself; it's an old structure (but not the antique-type old)  more like the dingy, broken-down, needs some renovations type of old.
Everything I ordered was above average on so many levels- the portion size, the taste, the prices, the mixing of the drinks.  I just couldn't think of one complaint even if I tried.  Our server was extremely helpful in advising my girlfriend and I on which Margaritas to try and which dishes were popular.  I ended up ordering a Half-pitcher of Pina Colada and a Half-pitcher of Mango Margarita.  They were both frozen and not loaded with ice cubes and some crappy drink mix like many other restaurants in the area.  The half pitchers were $13 a piece and well worth it, they were the size of normal pitchers so I can only imagine how large a full pitcher would be.
For our meals we had the chips and salsa (AMAZING and SPICY), Chile con queso (I'll pass on this next time, I thought it would have meat in it but I read it wrong) Chicken Chimmichongas (so elegantly put together and plated) and I had the Carne Asada Burrito (real sirloin steak and so tasty).
I can't wait to go back and try some more of their menu.  If you're not looking for anything fancy but want some authentic, spicy Mexican food and great Margaritas check this place out.Frequent guest - great neighborhood restaurant where you have to know what to order - and more importantly, what NOT to order.  The bar staff (and the bar is the recommended place to eat - even with children) are friendly, competent, efficient and professional.  John, Monica and Tiffany stand out, but everyone is great.  Drinks are what you would expect, Margaritas, Sangria, a nice tequila variety, and draft beer that offers something for everyone, if few true standouts for the beer snob.  The bar is where the action and activity is at, and is much brighter and more interesting than the actual restaurant.  There are many tables, both high-tops near the bar and actual dining tables towards the back.  The televisions and music are not overly intrusive.  Everything has a slightly shabby, worn-out look, yet everything is clean.  
Now the food.  Some items are superb, notably the steak tips dinner and appetizer, the chicken wings, the fajitas, the burritos and vegetarian options (of which there are many).  Misses include steaks which are not of the highest quality, some of the specials (which range from delicious to frankly bizarre).  Most appetizers are good to very good, the soups are solid, but the real star, the gem in the rough, is the happy hour.  Two tacos for $5 (and they are enough for dinner) plus drink specials highlight the menu which is available in the bar.  
Final tidbit - the outside seating area, which opens roughly in April and lasts as long as you can stand it in the fall, offers one of the few truly unique dining areas in Roxborough. Drinks and appetizers on the patio are one of the area's real first signs of spring, and it a great place to meet a friend, or all your friends. 
As for the 3-star rating....as I said you have to know what to order.  Ask your server - they will be honest.  A bit shabby, a dark dining room, borderline restrooms...it is the epitome of a neighborhood bar.  Once you get beyond the surface flaws The Adobe will become YOUR regular spot too. 
And the Karaoke?  Horrific and an enormous amount of fun.Vegetarians Rejoice, and try the seitan steak strips with a fantastic tangy sweet sauce, it is an appetizer - I hope they still have it has been a year or two since I've been there. Whether you miss meat or not they are to die for. (But not kill for, thankfully.) The place is bit dark and drafty but worth it.
4550 Mitchell St
Philadelphia, PA 19128
(215) 483-3947
Open Hours
M-W 4pm-10pm, Th 11:30am-10pm, F-Sa 11:30am-11pm, Su 11:30am-10pmUPDATE:  ADOBE DELIVERS!  They advertise in-house that you should use GrubHub, but they will take orders over the phone.Let me save you some time and advise you to go to the south Philly location.  If you don't mind the lack of parking then make the trip..I'm not sure how long our waiter has been working there but he was unsure about a lot of the items on the menu and he also seemed to be more attentive to the bartender and the Eagles game more so then refilling our drinks and making sure we were ok.
Overall neither the food or the service compared to the south Philly location
I also thought it was oddly hilarious that our waiter had no idea what kale was.This place is a nice little spot with great food. The steak tips are awesome and the wings are also good. the wings have this Mexican glaze thing going on that goes great with a beer. I don't drink margaritas but everyone i go with says they are quality. Decent spot, not too expensive.I live a block away from this place, have been there a few times and have never had a good experience. This last time was one of the worse experiences I've had at a restaurant ever! I ordered a steak rare and it came out extremely well done. The atmosphere of the place was awful and it took forever before a host came out to seat us when there was no one at the restaurant. They also put out coupons that they did not honor and everything was overpriced for the quality. Not a single thing went well the last time I was here including staff that were not friendly especially after I had to send my meal back because they got it wrong. They also overcharged me and I feel ripped off. There's better Mexican restaurants in the area like the Cactus Cantina. They don't have as many Mexican options as Adobe but for the price and avoiding awful service, I'd rather go there.My family has been coming here a long time- we first came when we lived in the neighborhood.  We went once right before my wife had our oldest child to spur on labor with spicey foods.  We just went tonight to celebrate that child 15th birthday even though we have long since moved.
The food is still excellent.  The award-winning chili deserves those awards.  My daughter had steak fajitas and all three boys got burritos and tacos.  Everything was delicious.
Service could have been a bit more attentive but in the end was fine.
Highly recommend.Visited the Adobe last night for dinner and it was seriously fantastic.  Blew through 2 pitchers of Sangria (oops).  The steak tips were right on last night and melted in your mouth.  I've had them before and had some gnarly chewy pieces but not this time!  I'm not usually a wing person but we decided to try them and they were really, really good.  For a Monday night, I was impressed.They have the best wings.. The Ranchero wings are so bomb.. atmosphere can be dead in the winter but nice bar date atmosphere ... for take out the service could be pretty slow due to the one bartender being the bartender , the waiter , the hostess and cashier .. it seems like a one man show ‍nice enough atmosphere however i was told by waitstaff that they could not accommodate my request for no cheese on my dish because the menu is pre-made frozen food?!?Adobe exceeded my expectations. From the outside, it's not very appealing, but it's down the street from a friend so we decided to check it out. The inside is cozy, yet a bit run down; however, our waitress was extremely friendly and attentive and the food, especially for the price, was fantastic! The margaritas are great, too. If you're in the area, I recommended it for a low-key night out.Ample parking, great atmosphere, decent food. The only negative I have is that their drinks are very, very weak. If I'm going to buy an overpriced cocktail, I better taste the vodka. Every server I've had has been very friendly, too.Good atmosphere can't save the Adobe for me...
Starter- Queso: Very disappointing overall, I think it was canned cheese with some hormel chili or something mixed in.  Something much better was expected.  It was strange that they were trying to serve this and pass it off a good Queso.
Main Course- Enchaladas: Very dry and rather bland, while I like my Tex Mex a little spicy and can understand folks who may like it milder, this was a underwhelming.  Dry rice on the side was made what looks like days in advance and is just spooned on a plate as needed.  My wife had a Special that was also very bland/tasteless.  What was more unfortunate was the old guacamole that was served with the dish.  There is nothing more gross than brown guac. If it's not made daily, don't serve it.  Please.
We didn't order Dessert.
I don't know if I'll go back. If someone I know goes in the future and suggests it for a revisit..maybe it should be given another chance.  But for a Fifty Dollar meal (one beer and one soft drink in the tab) I expect a lot more than that.Hidden Manayunk gem!  Food is always great, great atmosphere and decor. The outdoor patio is especially nice.Adobe is an old favorite of mine. Before AND after the fire!!! 
The food is always delicious, portions are sickeningly huge, the margaritas are fine and the chips and salsa do not stop coming!! What more could you want from a Mexican restaurant??Redeemed a Groupon Voucher that included two appetizers, 4 entrees and 2 desserts. Street parking is terrible where you are lucky to find a spot. Although they do have complimentary parking across from them, the parking spots are not that many. There was a sign on the door that said handicap accessible. You need to take the steps to get to the main door, so I was wondering where a wheelchair bound person enter? Maybe through the patio? But then the spacing of tables inside are not wheelchair friendly. When you enter the establishment, there is the funky, somewhat urine smell when you walk through the restaurant. The table where we sat feels sticky and had an odor that smelled of a dirty rag. Lighting inside was very dim. I normally finish my plate, but this time I only ate a quarter of it. I had the Adobe Mexican Combo. It was so-so. My mom had the Shrimp Fajitas where the shrimp was tough like it was either overcooked or were leftovers from another day. My daughter only ate the fish  on her plate and didn't touch the rest. I have yet to taste the Mexican Chorizo Sausage Burrito because we took this to go. The bathrooms were small and will not comfortably fit a wheelchair. The only great outcome to all this was that our server was the best. She was very professional, friendly and checked back on our table from time to time. Sorry, but I will never, ever return back to this place.Ok I hate to be Debbie Downer but I have to be honest....this place is only good for people who are not expecting a Mexican food restaurant. I'm from California, so I KNOW good Mexican food....Adobe Cafe does not serve Mexican food, let alone good Mexican food. BBQ duck burrito? Definitely not authentic and I am not saying everything has to be, but it should at least taste good. Don't even get me started on the watery margaritas. 
The best mexican food is often found in little whole in the wall places with names that are actually in Spanish. While I still have yet to find a Mexican place as good as the ones in California, I can say that there are farrr better places than Adobe CafeGreat food.  Had the seitan burgers and seitan wings.  Lots of  vegetarian options.  Fantastic drinks.Fun place to go. It was my birthday. They put a pink boa on my neck with a candle in the dessert. The food was very good. Plenty of choices for a vegetarian like myself as well as the carnivore. We had seitan fajitas, loved itI have been to the Adobe Cafe perhaps 20 times in the past two years.  Every time, I get the Crab Enchiladas.  That is because every time I get them, my eyes roll back into my head with delight.  
The Chips and Salsa are tasty, with warm chips and just amount of spice in the salsa for my admittedly bland palette.  The margaritas are serviceable, but those crab enchiladas...  ho my.  I don't think I could ever get tired of eating them.  I've had them plenty of other places in the city, and nowhere else even comes close for me.  
Service is nothing outstanding, but has never been bad either.  Atmosphere is nice, and value for the money isn't bad at all- I can have my favorite entree and share of the margarita pitcher, and leave only $25 lighter including tip.
So in reality, this review is more of the Crab Enchiladas than the entire restaurant, but that being said, when I think of this place and the meals and good times I've had there, nothing but five stars comes to mind.All of my friends hate eating here except for me. To Hell with them, I love the tacos. Monica is a fantastic host and waitress. This location has much better food than the Passyunk one.Great Mexican restaurant!!! Good service and the food is consistently good.Beyond me how this place has such decent reviews.
The only thing that is good about this place is that they feed you portions that would feed a family. Unfortunately I had no will to eat my leftovers, given every food item tasted like it has been dumped out of a can, shoved in a microwave, and then dropped onto my lap (but only once they had waited 10 minutes for it to get cold again).
We sat at the bar on the left, it smelled odd. Somewhat like eau de urinal cake. We were a party of 4, and one of only two groups in the room. They somehow still managed to take an awful long time to get our food out to us. The waitress was nice enough, but she was just very slow at her job.
The margaritas I did not try myself, but two of my friends had them and were unimpressed. Just tasted like a generic sugary cocktail mix, not a hint of freshness.
I'd probably be looking at 2-3 stars if this place was a cheap dive of a restaurant, but it's really pretty damn expensive too.Adobe has really great Mexican food. My absolute favorite is the steak tips but the fajitas are awesome too. In my opinion, Adobe has better Mexican food than many more trendy or well known Mexican restaurants. They do definitely need a real wine list as they only have a few wines, but I've been told the margaritas and sangria are awesome. The interior Gives off a relaxed and authentic feel with rustic Mexican decorations. I would definitely recommend giving the Adobe a try !I went here today for the first time. The food was pretty good; the steak tips on the appetizer menu were awesome. The only thing that I wasn't too impressed with was the service. It took about 45 minutes to get our food and all we ordered was tacos and a burrito.The food here is just.... Bland! It taste like nothing and is just underwhelming. There is nothing more to say about this place. The pitcher of margarita is ok but really wish I spent my money on something else.This is one of my favorite restaurants of all time.
It's decorated with eclectic Mexican decor. The servers are so nice and welcoming (especially Monica). They have Groupon deals and weekday specials with two entrees and a PITCHER of margarita, beer or sangria!! The ranchero wings with their house made ranch are amazing. The carnitas fajitas are delicious. The jalapeño aioli is a must try. It's a great little place.Well I gave this place a solid 2 stars since the service was actually pretty good. Waiter was polite and very nice, kept our drinks full and the chips & salsa coming while waiting for our meals. The atmosphere was pretty cool for a mexican restaurant and I can always appreciate outside seating on a nice day. Unfortunately the food was not really that good. After paying $16 for a burrito I expected the best burrito I ever had considering it was the most expensive one I've ever bought. But after a few bites I realized I'd rather go to taco bell and only pay $2 for what I was eating. I will say the rice was ok but tasted like minute rice (the stuff you boil in bags) and the vegetables were actually awesome. but all in all WAY overpriced I mean $15 for 3 tiny tacos? prolly will never come backThere is never a hostess at the hostess station when you walk in. Never.  I kind of wonder if the hostess doubles as the cook and only allowed to come out front every 13 minutes. They have a bar area, 2 dining areas, outdoor seating and a "smoking bar" that I think is a private room for large parties.  With ample seating like that, other than waiting for the hostess/line cook to seat you, it's easy to get a table. Monday and Tuesdays are the best nights to come. They have a "Fiesta Dinner" which includes chips/salsa, two entrees and a pitcher of margarita, sangria, or beer or a bottle of wine for $35. My usual is the carne asada (grilled thin steak served with refried beans, peppers/onions, guacamole, fresh lettuce and tomatoes. I always as for hot sauce and they bring out a basket with 4 or 5 different hot sauces. The service here is slow, but I think it's because they only have 2 waitresses no matter how busy they are. The Mexican food here definitely won't be the best you ever had but it's still quite tasty and satisfies gets your Mexican fix. I used Adobe to cater a party once and they were able to fulfill my order with only 48 hours notice. With the food came with plastic serving utensils, silverware and cloth napkins at no extra cost. I returned these items unwashed and they seemed ok with it.Been going here for years and it's a great place for Mexican food. They have fabulous margaritas and a lot of vegetarian options. The place is huge and I've never had to wait for a table, even on a Friday or Saturday night. They have a really cute outdoor section that's open when the weather is nice. Servers are very sweet and helpful.
The inside decor is pretty great, too. I was there recently when a little boy walked in, looked around and said, "Wooowww, this place is cool!" And it reminded me to take it all in. I agreed -- it is pretty cool!Always been impressed by this place. I'm a vegetarian (ok mostly, occasionally I eat meat, but needs to be something really special) and this is by far one of the most vegetarian friendly places I've been to in Philly that I can also take meat eaters. The seitan here is amazing, and portions are great for everything. I love the salsa and have enjoyed most dishes I've had here (the seitan pesto cream sauce pasta dish is not really mexican-ey, but still damn good; also seitan skewers and when they have it the seitain chimi is great). 
The ambience here is nice too; you actually feel like you can have a private conversation with your party. I could use some better wine and beer selection here, in fact I wouldn't order wine here again it's pretty low-shelf level.Delicious food, friendly people... and vegan options! The beer selection is a little limited, but the cocktails are good and parking is easy (a plus in Roxborough). A nice choice for a casual night out.Adobe serves greasy, salty Mexican food. It's not to my taste, but a friend who loves chain-style Mexican enjoyed his meal.I couldn't even consider giving TAC a 4.5. I haven't been here in just about 10 years. It held up to all my memories. Let me start with the filet migon steal tips, and mayo sauce are amazing.
Had the two big apps. The calamari was really awesome, lightly breaded, not chewy at all, and had good dipping sauce. The seasoned French fries were like crack. The side of nachos were also good. Probably would have been better. Had we not eaten the entire basket of chips and salsa they start you off with. The wings on the one sampler were a good sticky, slightly spicy wing but really good. 
The main meal my GF and I got fajitas her steak and me chicken. Both were really great and big portions. Oh, so for $35 for 2. Two entrees, and a pitcher of margaritas is like a steal. I will definitely be making the trek back there soon.I ate here on Friday night with friends. It was a delicious meal and everything was really fresh. I had the beef tortas which came with rice and beans, salsa, and a little bit of guacamole. Everything was delicious though the guac was a bit watered down for my tastes. My friend had the lobster bisque (which she said was amazing) and the tilapia tacos. Her boyfriend had the taco salad. We all really enjoyed our meal, and service was great! I'd love to try this place again if I'm in the area.I love this place.  Food is tasty.  Portions are big (enough to bring home for lunch the next day).  Sangria is strong, cheap, and delicious.  Karaoke on Saturday nights is fun (with a local / Roxborough twist)  Service is pretty good.  Chips and salsa are free.  Prices are decent and there's almost always a Groupon deal available.  Lots of vegan and vegetarian options.  Nice atmosphere, especially if you sit outside in the summer.  Parking is available in the lot across street.Reviewers seem to either love or hate this place. I really wanted to like this place, the atmosphere was cool, and the staff was nice, but I don't come here for the atmosphere, I came for the food. And the food was a major letdown. I don't know who could possibly try to say this is "authentic", unless your a college kid or have never had Mexican outside of their own kitchen. I've been to Mexico several times, and believe me, this is straight American food. Albeit tasty to my gringo palate, melted cheese and chicken wrapped in a tortilla is not a burrito. 
The final straw was when karaoke started literally right on the back of my head. At 8pm, I don't really expect to be blasted out with rap music while I finish eating. I'm talking speaker set up less than 5 feet from my skull. Karaoke is fine, but wait until 9/930 when the bar crowd shuffles in and the diners are shuffling out. Won't be back.Went here last night for dinner. Place was busy, but not overly crowded. Food and service were terrible!!! We received our drinks and chips right away but it took forever to order. Margarita wasn't that great...super super sweet for my liking. My friend and I both ordered the enchiladas mole. It was awful. It had zero flavor and tasted like cardboard. The shredded chicken inside the enchiladas was gross too, and somewhat watery. Neither of us could finish even one enchilada. Super expensive for such a low quality meal. Won't be going back to Adobe anytime soon.Poor service, mediocre food, average atmosphere.  They only get a second star for having dos equis amber on draught.I ordered the tofu tacos for delivery. The packaging was excellent and the food was greatOne of my favorite restaurants in the Philly area. Great food and service. Salsa is homemade. Also menu is very vegetarian friendly!If you're vegan/vegetarian OR neither and just love delicious food - Adobe is the place for you!! I have never had a bad meal at Adobe or a bad experience! Order out or dine in and you're guaranteed great food & a good time. The drink menu is good, margaritas are reasonable and there are ALWAYS deals -- plus happy hour is great! We've even attended karaoke and had an amazing time! I cannot say enough about this place!My boys took me for my birthday as my request- delicious and the staff was more than accommodating and delightful - it was wonderful- thank you!!!My fiance and I come here for "date night" when we want to escape the hustle & bustle that is Center City on a weekend. It's a bit out of the way for us, but the food is always so good. Yes, I know they have a location in Passyunk, but the lack of parking and the crowds usually sends us to this location. They have a *HUGE* vegetarian menu and will make the dishes vegan upon request. I have enjoyed the seitan burrito and the seitan tacos, both were delicious. They start you off with complimentary chips and salsa, and the salsa is SO much better than most places I've been. We keep coming back because the food is consistently good as is the service. *BONUS* points for outdoor seating.A friend and I came in to eat yesterday.  We were both hoping to escape watching football but were made to sit in the bar area, where there are 4 televisions, because the bartender was the only person working before 3:00 pm.  I recall being there before early afternoon on a Sunday and this was not the case.  The food was solid as always ... love those seitan tips.  But the pitcher of Cadillac margaritas was terribly disappointing, again not like I have experienced in the past.  I don't appreciate spending $30 on what was 99% juice.  If I come in again, I won't be ordering margaritas.  ThanksI would normally give 5 stars for this place. Been many many times and had pretty good experiences. However my most recent trip there 2 weeks ago was honestly a train wreck. We had a table of 6 adults and a 1 year old in a highchair. We had reservations. Service was slow, which could be forgiven, but not when it's wrong. My fiancé and I were given completely wrong platters. Then they forgot my grilled chicken to add to my salad, and they never brought us our guacamole until the end of the meal. To apologize, they didn't charge us for the guacamole, and they gave us a free piece of cheesecake...but it was a shame that we don't eat sugar and couldn't enjoy it! I'm giving 3 stars because the tasty food helps balance it out...I just wish they'd get the ordering/serving together!I think this place suffers from an identity crisis. I am going to keep this short and too the point. Adobe doesn't know if its a TEX MEX place or a MEXITALIAN place. This is not mexican food. My girlfriend ordered what she thought would be a mexican taco dish but what came out was covered in Parmesan cheese. Note to everyone reading this. There is no parmesan in Mexican or Tex Mex food. I could understand if it was cotija but this was actual parmesan. not good. 
Also, margaritas in wine glasses are laughable. Give us some real glasses. I felt like I was sneaking watered down margaritas at 17 again.
I was really looking forward to going here, but wanted to cry after I saw the menu. It may be other peoples cup of tea but I just moved here from Denver and I know what real Tex Mex is supposed to be like. 
If you like "MEXITALIAN", you'll like this place. Otherwise steer clear.I really love the atmosphere of this restaurant. The decorations are fun. The patio is great when it's nicer weather. The food is creative. It's definitely not your typical Mexican food, and I would hesitate to put it in the Mexican food category at all. However, I really enjoyed my meal there. I ordered the flautas with potatoes. The portion was huge. I also loved the margaritas. My friends and I split a pitcher and it was awesome. This is a great spot for something different!Great place for Mexican cuisine if you are in the Roxborough area.  Plenty of options if you want something more than standard Mexican fare.  Group I was with started off with a pitcher of margaritas, which they claimed was terrific.  I had the Tilapia Tacos and they were awesome.I found this place on Yelp and I think I went back once a week for three straight weeks. I CRAVE the vegetarian wings. They are unlike anything else I've had. Meat-eater or not, get them. 
The drink specials are amazing, and the space is super cute. I was a little put off by the smell in the entrance, but there are a few dining rooms and they were all okay. Want to eat outside? The patio is nicely decorated and private. 
4 stars, not 5, because the food selections (besides the wings) I've had are medicore. Not bad. 
PS - there is a public lot directly across the street.Happy hour rocks and the 10 cent  wings are a sure thing... a five star it ain't... but a cool after work hang-out with your friends is a bet...I went with a small group to the Adobe this past Wednesday night. My bff and I had gone in on a groupon deal. Dinner for 4 included 2 appetizers, 4 entrees, 2 desserts all for only $55. It was such a good deal that I didn't even really look at any reviews before purchasing and heading to the restaurant. 
The restaurant itself doesn't have, in my opinion, the best decor or layout. We walked into what seemed to be an empty restaurant, before the hostess walked us through several rooms to get to the few they were seating in the back. I thought it was interesting that there were multiple seating areas. I didn't really get a good look at the bar area, unfortunately. The restaurant could really benefit from some brightly colored decor because it seems to be a pretty fun and relaxing hangout. But you don't really get that feeling when you're first looking at it.
I thought our food was good though. Our mussels had nice flavor, and great texture. I did not enjoy the tortillas sitting in the broth though; super messy to eat with a crowd, and very soggy. Our nachos were good, but I've definitely had better. I did love my entree of duck tacos. My bff claims this is probably because I had had several drinks by this time. Three tacos came with an order, and each had a very generous portion of really moist shredded duck. My only wish is that the duck had been seasoned to give it more of a mexican flavor. Tacos are supposed to be served with rice and beans, but somehow my plate had two sides of rice. Score! I love when the chefs know that I like more carbs with my carbs! 
I also highly recommend the margaritas, based off of the "Perfect" margarita pitcher we ordered. Perfect is the name, but I would also describe them as perfect. The taste was very good, especially considering it was around $25 for a large pitcher. 
Lastly, our server was very nice. She was on top of everything, not that we needed much. I would definitely go back to Adobe, but probably not without a Groupon based off the slightly too high prices for the type of restaurant it is.I've never had a bad meal here. By far, my favorite Mexican restaurant.  Delicious margaritas! I usually get the pork burrito-it's to die for!Nice place! Very big with a variety of seating options. Both outdoor, bar, and indoor. The prices are a little expenses but the food is very good. Along with that there are very good specialty drinks and beers as well. I LOVE the salsa. It's perfectly spicy and just packed full of flavor. I could just go in and eat that all day while sipping on their house margarita. It has TVs in the bar area and has a great environment to just chill. Check this place out.I would rather eat at adobe than any fancy restaurant on Main St, or anywhere else!  They have the best salsa, the best chicken chorizo, and the best coconut shrimp of anywhere (I have a though time getting past the appetizer course)  The atmosphere is homey, laid-back, and casual.  The drinks are good, too!This place is unique...ill give it that.  I used a google offers coupon to give it a try.  The food was ok.  Nothing to go out of your way for.  Even with the coupon it was a bit over priced for my taste.  My advice is try it once to see for yourself, but dont expect much.Great happy hour spot. Fun atmosphere in the back bar,  good special on the margs and appetizers- very good!. Loooove the French fried yams. The rest of the menu is just ok.My girlfriend and I ordered delivery from here tonight and it absolutely blew me away! Fresh great tasting authentic food!Wow, this place has gone downhill. I went here years ago and had margaritas and the steak tip appetizer and both were delicious. We went for dinner on Wednesday thinking it would be a good weekday dinner haunt. Nope. The first thing I noticed when I walked in was the smell. It smelled like someone had washed the whole place down with dirty water and an even dirtier, mildew-y sponge. Not appetizing. When I walk into a restaurant, I want to smell delicious food. Not dirty smells. Now, I read on other Yelp reviews that they had a fire and I'm sympathetic but get it professional cleaned and air it out! I thought about faking a stomach cramp to get out of eating here but T said we should give it a chance so we persevered.
We had their free chips and salsa to start off with and they were actually quite tasty. That accounts for one of the stars above. The salsa tasted house made and had a good kick. T ordered the fajitas. The steak was way overcooked and oddly, came with cheddar cheese hardened to the top of the strips. Veggies were fresh but were served on the smallest plate possible which means everything pretty much got pushed off the plate onto the table since you usually handle the toppings one-handed. The tortillas were served in a napkin instead of one of those warmers so they cooled down quickly. The only one that was warm was the first one. I ordered the chimichanga. It actually wasn't too bad (which accounts for the other star above). The chicken was tasty but there wasn't much cheese. When I go for something Tex-Mex like a chimichanga, I want cheese! The black beans it came with had absolutely no flavor. They were clearly taken right from the can, blended to look refried, and then slapped onto the plate. The rice was okay. The guacamole was whipped, not chunky at all, and flavorless.
The worst part? This place is WAY too expensive for what it is. Dinner cost us $45. I would have rather gone to Qdoba for half the price. With Taqueria Feliz down the road, I don't know how this place will survive much longer. However, it was pretty crowded for a Wednesday so clearly others see something I don't.All around great restaurant! Amazing food, margaritas on tap and a great outdoor seating area. The chicken tacos are outstanding! We have also had delivery from Adobe and it is always really well put together, not squished or soggy. I definitely recommend this place if you are in the area!I grew up in Southern Cali & I feel like the northeast can't authenticate Mexican like they did back home -- I found it in Adobe. 
Not only is their guacamole 'legit', but the sauces & spices are delicious. Also, for the eclectic palette, they have duck tacos to die for.
Try those for a unique twist & go with the Steak Tips as an app. Steak marinated & cooked perfectly, but the spicy mayo sauce is the kicker. 
Great ambiance: go!!I have always been a big fan of Adobe Cafe. Solid food, and a fun atmosphere - albeit a bit tacky.
Adobe's location is integral to its appeal. It's nice that it is "off the beaten path" in Manayunk and feels like a hidden gem.
Service can be a bit slow, but it makes for a nice long meal. The chips and salsa are a great way to pass the time. 
Adobe also has a lot of nice deals. Just have to look for them.I have been to the Adobe Cafe several times and I have to say the best part is the pitcher of margarita. On Monday and Tuesday the fiesta dinner is the best deal in town. Don't forget to get a pitcher of margarita.Usually this place is great but not today. First thing, happy hour ends at 630p, why so early? Especially on a Friday evening. While our waitress was very nice, the service sucked!!! We didn't get water or chips and salsa until after our dinner came  and complaining. The food was good and so were our drinks (the only thing that came out as expected) but the service is why I'm giving them 2 stars. I got the combo fajitas with carnitas and 5 shrimp, that was disappointing. The food is good but the fajitas were not worth the $18.50. I'll go back for drinks and appetizers but not for dinner.I'm not too crazy about this restaurant. The service was good and the restaurant was nice but the food wasn't that great. I got the vegan fajitas with tofu and seitan and the seitan was pretty bland and didn't soak up flavor like the tofu did surprisingly. I also wasn't a fan of the cheese, the beans...pretty much everything. My husband had the burrito with seitan and tofu and enjoyed that. I might come back and try something different and update my review but right now I'm not raving about it.Absolutely love this place. Especially outdoor dining in the spring/summer. Can't go wrong with anything hereI'm not a big fan of this place & I wish I could be. The service is soooo slow & the wait staff very unattentive every time I've been. The food is average & the beer isn't very cold. I only go there it its with a group that has already planned to go there.I liked the restaurant itself, the ambiance, decor, and outside seating was very nice.we got a pitcher of margaritas which was only $18, but not very good. Overwhelming with sweet and sour mix, and underwhelming on the tequila. Coconut shrimp was over cooked and greasy, and the dipping sauce they provided tasted like baby food. Our waitress, who's name she never provided, but she was a Hispanic lady was very blah, not pleasant at all. The entrees were good, we got a crab cake entree and a combo entree and they were definitely better than the app and drinks. For dessert we shared the bananas sopapilla and it was AMAZING, by far the best thing!!! Overall I don't know if I'd go back simply because it's not really close to me and wasn't so impressive for me to go out of my way for. Oh and I love guac  and there's was not very good!Ha I dont know if this place is "authentic" but I sure feel transported to some small town in Mexico.  Yes yes I understand the ceilings cracked and the restrooms are kind of nasty.  Its ok, not every place needs to be bright and shiny.  
The food here is really good.  I have been here a dozen time at least and always find something good.  Try the fajitas (shrimp and chorizo combo)... or the lamb chops when they are on special.  Also, free chips and salsa!
Nice patio area for the warmer months.Nice local place but a weird setup. If you want to sit outside you have to go iside thru a small maze to ask to sit outside. Yet the bar is right near the other door. Service is OK food is OK. Beer is cold so they have that going.I love this place! It used to be my go-to when I lived in Manayunk, and now I still go there occasionally. Great cozy atmosphere, good service and good food. I always have a good time here.Adobe is a hidden jewel in the city of Philadelphia.  Located in the hills of Roxborough it offers the best Mexican cuisine I have ever had at a restaurant.    It is perfect for both meat eaters and vegetarians alike.  In fact, most of the time I  order the seitan Wings, the seitan tacos, or the seitan tips- and I am not a vegetarian.  The meat dishes are also extremely well made-  I recommend the fajitas, chimmichangas, or any of the burritos.  Seafood is also featured on the  menu in a variety of different dishes.  
Flavored margaritas and sangria(red or white) come in pint glasses, half pitchers, or whole pitchers.  The beer and wine list is extensive and they also have their own curious concoctions on the drink menu.  Stoli Punch is quite the interesting (but tasty) beverage!
Some other perks: FREE parking (wahoo), outdoor dining on a cute patio (not on the sidewalk), servers are always friendly and efficient, party room available, the place is so big and has so many tables that most of the time there is no wait!
Mondays and Tuesday Dinner Special:  Two entrees and either a bottle of win or a pitcher of beer for $30.00
A great place to have a party (in the party room), food for groups, kids, or just to hang out at the bar!This place came very highly recommended by a friend, but I was not impressed at all. We went during happy hour, which was supposed to have taco and drink specials, as was pointed out by our hostess and waiter/bartender and the inserts in the menus and chalkboards on every wall just in case you missed it. They had fish, chicken, and pork tacos in either hard or soft flour or corn shells. Between the two of us, we ordered 1 of each in soft flour and corn shells but you would hardly know. Our tacos all tasted the same, but maybe because they were all wet soggy messes or maybe because we were too busy picking bones fragments out of them. The food came out on dirty plates with dried crusty food stuck on them. The chairs, tables, and floors were also all sticky with food bits everywhere. Part of this might be explained by our waiter/bartender having overfilled our drinks to the point that they were sloshing out as he carried them to our table and eventually spilled on us. The cocktails, by the way, were pure syrup and liquor (i.e. strong and tooth-achingly sweet). They were so sweet, we could not finish them so we ordered a couple beers instead. When he brought the bottles out, he decided to pop the caps at our table instead of spilling half of it on the floor as he did with the cocktails. But for some unknown reason, someone had shaken the bottles(?) because as soon as he popped the cap, beer shot up like a geyser and rained down all over our hair to compliment our drink soaked clothes. By that time, we decided to call it quits. To add insult to injury, our waiter/bartender charged us full price for all the food and drinks. This was a very unhappy happy hour.
Oddly, the place did seem to have a very devout group of mostly middle-aged or older regulars. There was a couple next to us who were celebrating their wedding anniversary. There was another couple and a bachelorette party and another group of women. There was a family with adult kids and one with young kids. They all swore by the place and claimed they don't go anywhere else after they found this place. There were a few framed "best of" awards proudly displayed on the walls. Go figure.First I must say something about the website (http://www.adobecafephilly.com/) - for the love of God, PLEASE turn off or at least turn down that horrendous music!  I have no desire to hear a Mexican carousel coming at me when looking for a menu.
Now that that is out of the way, the experience...
I was craving Mexican and since there's nothing besides Chipotle in the area surrounding Narberth, we went to Roxborough.  The day was too chilly to sit out on their patio though I imagine it would have been lovely on a nicer day.
Inside was quite dark and there were several tables filled.  It looked like there was only one server/bartender and one busser and still the service was prompt.
So many items on the menu looked appetizing but I went for the vegetarian burrito but made sure to ask for real cheddar cheese.  He got the steak fajitas.  I had to talk him down from the nachos appetizer once I realized we got tortilla chips.  Yeah, we were hungry.
He had a beer and informed me that the glass was smaller than standard pint size.  Just a fyi.
His fajitas came out all sizzling.  He apparently liked them because he kept eating after he was full.
My burrito was good as well and came with some very tasty rice and vegetables on the side.
All in all a good experience.  I'd like to go back for their Monday/Tuesday special of 2 entrees and a bottle of wine for $30.  As it was we spent about that on our two entrees and the glass of beer.The food is good, the prices are good, and anyone can come here. You can park for free and drink all you want in a casual atmosphere. My favorite waiter, Fred, is always amazing. He is a regular guy who does a good, efficient job. And I hear he's single ladies.5 stars purely for the food. Vegans NEED to try their seitan tip options!! Delicious. I'm not much of a stickler for customer service but Adobe Cafe is really lacking. I recommend ordering out on GrubHub - I had to call and it took me 8 minutes to order a sandwich and french fried yams. Had to repeat my order 4 times to two different people. :(
As I said, I ordered the seitan tip sandwich and french fried yams. Upon opening my order I saw the fries were covered in cheese which was upsetting. Lo and behold, it was soy cheese!! Amazing. Seitan tip sandwich is a must try. I'd compare it to a pulled pork.
Adobe, please work on your customer service! I want to continue enjoying your vegan options forever.It makes me so happy to have this place in the neighborhood. The food is pretty good, the margaritas are decent, and the price isn't too bad (especially if you have the Groupon which is always available online).
The chicken chimichanga is one of the best I've had. I also really love the chicken caesar salad and the churros. 
Plus, unlike other Mexican places in Manayunk, they don't charge for chips and salsa.
If you are going to go, get the Groupon.The bright orange building is like a food beacon calling you in to eat it's variety of food contents. It is shocking, but it works and it immediately draws you in to something of a Mexican-American mix of decor and sexy dimmed lighting. The back patio is a mix of quirky design, with a fountain on the back wall that says "Adobe Cafe" and a variety of plants that are nicely lit by a plethora of Christmas/outdoor type lighting. In other words, its is quite a good atmosphere!
The food lends itself to that take it or leave mentality. While I would probably steal money from a homeless man just to get some of their guacamole or chimichangas in my mouth there are other things that are just so so depending on what night you pick to go. The steak honestly can range from super sexy to you drank too much and got "that girl" the next morning and the Sangrias and Margaritas vary from sweet overload to just right depending on who is serving them.
If you have that special girl or guy and you want to wine and dine them in an effort to score some major going home with me tonight points, go down to Main Street instead. If you want a nice casual dinner with friends and family then this is a great place to go! 
Try the Chimichangas, it changed my life and it can change yours too!We live in Roxborough and have eaten here often. The food is good, we like the lobster bisque soup, chicken wings, stuffed peppers and so abundant that taking home leftovers is routine. My one peeve is that they add an 18% tip as an added menu item with no line separating it from the food or drinks so, unless you read the bill carefully you end up adding an extra tip when you pay which is very irritating to me, since, as others have remarked, the service is not outstanding. So, go but caveat emptor.
    Visited July 2015Great Mexican Vegetarian dishes!  Seitan Kabob and Tofu Fajitas - all done well.  Came here for Fiesta Night with my friends after a mani/pedi at Christie's in Manayunk.  Tough to think of a more perfect ladies evening.  Our nails looked awesome and the margaritas were flowing.
If I could, I'd take off half a star because the margs tasted weak - not my preference - and the chips were not as good as some other places, but not worth going down to four stars either.
I admit, I'm being a little generous too because the service was excellent and it just so happened that parking was easy on this particular night.
I'll always go back here as I have for years!This is the place to come when you think "I'm hungry and I could go for Mexican".  Service is good, interior decoration is hysterical, food is generally great.  In the summer their patios are a great place to eat outdoors.  My husband is obsessed with their salsa.  Their fajitas are good, as are the BBQ duck burritos (once it was too BBQ but I think that was just an anomaly), and the shrimp taquitos are magical.  Big portions = dinner tomorrow for decent prices.  This place is a perfect gem that we would eat at all the time if we lived in the area...inventing reasons to be in Roxborough at dinnertime can be challenging.I have been going here for years and its a great neighborhood spot.  Their salsa is very good.  Filet tip appetizer was great, the aoli was tasty and tortillas worked well.  Meat was a little over done for my taste but with small pieces its tough, but the favor was great.  My wife had the mole enchilades and overall its a great mole sauce.  Their refrieds are always real good but the rice could use some work.  For some reason i ordered the crab cakes and they were sub par but who orders crab cakes at a mexican restaurant...  Decent draft selection and i love that you can get pitchers.  Wings are very good if the cook them long enough as the sauce is great.Adobe Cafe is definitely one of the better Mexican restaurants that I've tried in the area.  Some of the items are average, some are outstanding, and few (if any) are sub-standard.  Average items include normal Mexican like steak/chicken/veggie burritos/tacos/enchiladas.  They're not bad but they are nothing special.  Where Adobe Cafe really shines is in their slightly more unusual fare - stuff like duck burritos, duck tacos, and my favorite - the crab enchiladas.  Other great menu items include their wings and their outstanding chips & salsa.
The service at Adobe Cafe is average, as is the decor and prices.  One nice thing is that it is rarely difficult to get a table, even on a weekend night.  There's a parking lot across the street so you don't have to deal with the usual Manayunk parking nightmare.I want to like Adobe Cafe and I keep going back.  I just am never really happy.  The service is ok, and it always looks cute in there especially around Halloween.  But there are just a few food problems.  Firstly, no al a carte tacos.  Seriously!  Second, they have carrots and peas in their rice, I just can't buy it.  The steak fajitas are good, but it's hard to mess fajitas up.  I will probably go back again, but more out of laziness and a want for Mexican then anything.One of a kind salsa from the start of your meal, followed by a super tasty margarita? You could stop there and have a great happy hour at Adobe. I've ordered via Grubhub as well as frequented the restaurant for brunch and dinner; I have never been disappointed with the quality and quantity of food. The portions are massive and make for great leftovers the day after. Service is incredibly friendly but tends to be slow when busy. 
When ordering online, the prep time is the fastest among restaurants on Main and Ridge. I particularly enjoy their nachos with chicken, skinny margarita - super strong without the sugar overload - and their gluten free menu, which features delicious homemade corn tortillas.Possibly the most genuinely nice and polite staff in Philadelphia!  The food is also quite good.  Definitely a step up from cheap Mexican... good full helpings, all entrees come with a tasty rice and beans, and they have a really nice assortment of maragaritas.  The free parking is also a really nice plus.  It's a little off the beaten path, but well worth a trip for a nice quiet meal, especially when the weather is nice as they have a nice outdoor patio.  Try the chorizo tacos... they're great!I've been here about 3 times now and it has been decent every time. The food is not bad but its not great either. The salsa that they serve with chips at the beginning of the meal is very good. I love this type of salsa and I wish I could make it like that.
I've tried a few different things on the menu including the ground beef enchilidas (pretty solid, but I have had better), the carne asada (not what I expected from carne asada, but the meat was well cooked and the flavor was good) and last the Adobe Mexican Combo with a bunch of Mexican stuff thrown on a plate. 
The Mexican food here is ok. The wings here are incredible. They are some of best wings I have ever eaten. Its probably not a great thing when your Mexican restuarant's best dish is chicken wings. But...the only reason I gave a fourth star is simply because of the wings. They are that good! Come see for yourself (Ranchero wings are $0.45/wing during Happy Hour from 4:30-6:30 Mon-Fri)The Adobe Café is a nice change from the regular restaurants and if you like this type of food, this place is for you.
There are many selections to choose from and the portions usually allow for take-home. 
The service is good and Monica is the perfect hostess.
In the summer, dining outdoors is available. 
Aside from street parking which is limited, you can park in the large parking lot across the street but be careful as you have to walk up and down a fairly steep hill to access it and dropping off and picking up any elderly passengers first is necessary.Totally random restaurant in the middle of the yunk burbs, but close to our house- a big plus!! Prices are awesome. They have a special on Mondays and Tuesdays which includes a pitcher of margaritas and 2 entrees for a ridiculously low price. The margaritas are decent. Not great- a little heavy on the sweet and sour, but after a few who notices. I ordered the tilapia tacos and my husband had the chicken burritos. The food was OK. Not great, not awful and certainly not authentic. The tilapias tacos were tasty although not the SoCal deep fried fish tacos I expected and love so dearly. They were accompanied by a bland rice and plain refried beans. The chicken burritos were decent. Once again not super tasty but certainly decent. The service was fantastic and the price could not be beat!!! I don't think we'll be back but its not a bad place if you're craving "tex-mex??"It's a cool summers eve on September 2, 2016 and I decided to take the fiancé out for a bite.. He always takes me on impromptu little dates so I flipped it on him this evening.. I had been searching all afternoon for somewhere that would cater to the both of us since I'm vegan and he's an omnivore.. I searched Yelp for vegetarian restaurants and came across this hidden gem in Roxborough.. I scanned the menu and decided this was where we'd be going.. We found it very easily but missed a little street leading to it but no biggie, I love the location just tucked into the neighborhood.. We entered and were greeted by a very pleasant hostess.. We made our way to the rear dining area where all the hustle and bustle was (not a lot) , because the front was empty... I love the decor very homey but authentic to the Mexican culture to me.. Warm and inviting atmosphere.. Once seated we were greeted by our server Tiffany who was very sweet and welcoming.. She answered all of our questions and made sure we were okay during our appetizers and meal.. 
Now to the food.. Lol..the food was quite tasty.. My fiancé had the corn and chorizo chowder, he was thrilled with it but it wasn't horrible. He said it was to puréed for his liking.. He'd prefer it to be chunky.. I had the seitan wings, which in was excited about because I didn't realize they were on the menu until I arrived at the restaurant.. The wings were delicious!!! Oh, and the vegan ranch was a plus..mFor our main courses he had the fajita combo with shrimp and tilapia.. He wasn't too keen on the tilapia but absolutely loved the shrimp so he was pretty happy with his meal.. I had the sietan tostadas.. I'm in love! Lol.. They were perfect! It was all vegan and I didn't have to miss anything.. My only real issue is they no longer offer vegan desserts... I hope they decide to bring them back.. All in all our first visit was great, we'll definitely be back to try more of their menu.. And oh. S/o to Tiffany our server for finding out what kind of vegan cheese was used..So I decided to give Adobe another try.  As with the previous trip, this one was mediocre.  We started with the empanadas that were on special.  THe chicken variety was delicious.  The beef variety was not.  The beef was not seasoned at all.  Seriously, no seasoning at all.
DC had mixed vegetables with this meal, and those also had no seasoning.  Both of the main courses were good, but parts of them just had no taste.
When we finally got the bill, we realized that our flavorless empanadas cost $11.  That added some insult to injury given the lackluster experience on both occasions.  I would not recommend this place to anyone when the craving for Mexican food strikes you.  Most of the other reviews are correct - just go somewhere else.I love Adobe for the service, atmosphere, drinks, kids food and steak tips.  However many of the entrees leave something to be desired.  If they stepped up their entrée game they'd have my 5th star easy.  
Suggestions - specials typically tend to be more interesting than menu options and I've never been disappointed (wish they'd scale down the menu and add some creativity like they do with specials)
Kids food is awesome and they're quick with it, so insider tip - go for drinks, apps and kids food - you'll be out of there before the wee ones lose it, the bill is low and you can eat those chicken fingers and French fries without regret if you skip dinner 
Lastly servers are amazing - they remember us and are genuinely happy to see us roll in with 3 kids who are 4 and under (its such a big place with many nooks and crannies so we usually sit in the back "kids section" and can let the littles act up a bit)