My office held our Christmas party here, and I have to say I was really anticipating the worst.  I read some of the reviews and judging by the lady who picked the location for the party, I just had really low expectations.  I am so relieved that I was wrong.  We ordered off of the catering menu, which I'm not sure is available for regular walk- in diners, but man oh man.  Everything was really good.  The meatloaf was the best I have ever had. Ever.  And I just don't see meatloaf as one of those foods to get excited about- but I can't stop thinking about it!  The staff was very friendly, and the atmosphere in the back room with the fireplace was super cozy and sweet.Cute place. Waited almost 40 minutes for our meals. Waitress was confused but other staff was very helpful. Food was great. Chicken was slightly dry but eggs and the rest of our meals were delicious.Nice, little coffee shop. Space is a little tight in the front, but there's additional seating in the back with a full dining menu. I enjoyed a tasty maple, cinnamon latte & veggie omelette.I live just a few blocks from Gold Standard Cafe and I love having breakfast there. Now, I've only been there during warmer months so we can sit outdoors in a super cute area that is a nice distance from the street. You really get great food for a great price!  Inlets are really big and fluffy and ... Tasty!  We've never dined inside but we planned to when it's colder.The Gold Standard Cafe is a solid brunch experience, especially after a late night in a smoke filled club with drag queens.  I got the hash with chirizo and it hit the spot.  The chai was very yummy and my sister liked her quiche a lot.  We didn't have to wait for a table and service was very friendly.I came with a group and the service was prompt, the food was tasty, and the prices were super reasonable. I had the chicken caesar wrap with fries, which was tasty. According to others in my group, though, the grilled cheese was amazing and the best they've ever had. As for the ambience, Gold Standard feels like you're inside someone's house, and I'd definitely go back, either with a group or not.Loved how accommodating the place is.  They let us drink our Crisp White boxed wine on their patio while waiting for our table during Saturday brunch.  If you're going to BYOB, stick with the orange juice for either mimosas or screwdrivers. We got both the OJ and the bloody mary mix, and the BM was gross. No one finished their drink, not even after we doused it in hot sauce.  
I got a burger, it was mediocre, I was much more interested in my mimosa and boxed white wine. 
My friends seemed to enjoy their eggs benedict and waffle.  The ham on the benedict was good, SUPER salty and yummy.I've been to the Gold Standard twice: once for lunch and once for a late brunch. Both times were really different experiences. 
I went there for lunch with just one other person in the summertime, but the wait time was about 20 minutes to get a table on a Sunday afternoon (which is a pretty long time for a West Philadelphia restaurant). We even agreed to do outdoor seating (it was about 90 degrees outside) and it still took forever. The service was also really really slow and at one point I got so sick of waiting that I just started going to the register myself to ask for things and brought them back to the table myself. However this may be because they don't have the staff to handle the capacity of this place.
The biggest plus to The Gold Standard is that they make all of their food and its really fresh. I ordered the Tofu Scramble which was good but was a bit plain for my taste. They also have a really diverse menu and a lot of veggie/vegan options. The food can also be made as healthy as you want it to be. The dessert always looks AMAZING (even though both times I was way too full from my meal to order any)
The second time I went here was with a small group for a late brunch. It till took about a half an hour to get seated, but the service at the table was much better. The amount of brunch options (plus the regular lunch menu) was almost overwhelming. I really loved the Southwest Chicken Wrap (they even let me order it sans wrap..so it was more southwest chicken salad). They also have really great coffee and bacon.
The prices are pretty decent... My entree, coffee and side order of bacon came to $15 with tip.
 Overall I would recommend this place for when you have a lot of time and want a fresh meal...especially for vegetarians!This place is the definition of hit-or-miss. Snuggled in a lovely building on the 48th and Baltimore peninsula, The Gold Standard Cafe is awash in the tepid waters of mediocrity. I've had food here that has been god awful (like a watery tofu scramble) and I've had food that I've liked (like a black bean burger), but most commonly my meals have been "fine". Not great, just fine. The coffee is sometimes okay, sometimes burnt, the waitstaff is sometimes friendly, sometimes incompetent and aloof. You never know what you're going to get! 
Overall, I've had better luck with dinner here than breakfast/brunch. 
I've never loved the food, but it's close to my house and inexpensive, so I frequently find myself here late Sunday morning because I'll be damned if I'm going to hike to Sabrina's or Honey's or Green Eggs only to wait 45 minutes for a table. The convenience keeps me coming back for more, but if you want a great brunch and are willing to spend a little, just go to Aksum.
I'll say this though: the place has the potential to be something great. The location is perfect and the space is lovely. There is outdoor seating, perfect for a spring brunch. And I can bring my dog, which is nice. They just need to amp up their menu!Went here a second time a few days later for lunch with my girlfriend. Got the chicken Cesar Salad wrap, which would have been great -- except it had SO much dressing on it. I tend to like to go very light on the dressing, so I thought that I was just being picky, but when I got closer to the end of the wrap it wouldn't stop squirting out and it got all over my jeans.. so.. yeah. Then, our waiter never came back to check on us, so we had to go inside and ask about getting a bill, finally. So I'm still only A-OK with this place. I *want* to like you, Gold Standard, but you just keep giving me bronze-level service.Was wandering the neighborhood and decided to stop in here to chill and have a coffee. The iced coffee was nice and strong (but not bitter), and the world music they were playing was kind of nice. It would have been a perfect experience, except for one member of staff was on his lunch break and was a little loud and self-important. Its a cozy little area, so he was a bit difficult to ignore, but other than that it was a nice place to chill and read a book for awhile.When news spread that Abbraccio was closing, the general reaction was, "Really? Oh, hey, did you see that thing on TV last night?" But people in West Philly are forgiving, so the prospect of a new Coffee/Brunch/BYOB, even from the same owners, was pretty exciting.
I had some hope that Gold Standard would outshine its predecessor. The decor is super cute. The brunch fare is cheap but very tasty. I had the waffle cup with bacon, and if I were going to rate this place on the bacon alone, it would probably get four stars.
The people who actually run the restaurant, on the other hand, lose serious points. The host greeted us with an apathetic stare and pointed to our table from across the room. That short-haired lady, who I guess is one of the owners, was a familiar site at Abbraccio and seems no happier about life in a new setting. 
My order came out completely wrong, and by the time the right order was ready, my dining partner had long finished her meal. I asked for the food to be boxed up, and I got a half-meaningful apology with no eye contact. The only one who redeemed the experience at all was the jittery, socially awkward server who couldn't really handle the ten tables in the dining room. He stuttered out, "I'm so sorry," a couple of times, and I wanted to be nice to him, but I was hungry and cranky and irritated at the whole experience.
I don't expect hugs to feel welcome in a restaurant, but if I want to feel dismissed, I'll go to Satellite. They have better coffee, anyway.If you are looking for a quaint and classy place for U-City brunch, this is your place. Try the corned beef hash or eggs benedict... really good. All of their breakfast dishes are great. My only complaint would be the prices, as I haven't had many problems with the service like other reviewers. 
I will usually sit inside, but on a nice summer or autumn morning its a nice view with the cathedral across the street. Good Coffee as well (this is a must).
Who would imagine that a place named after an economists joke would be good? Darn Penn students.This is a cute little place, with great potential!! It sits on Baltimore & 48th st,nice area-parking can be found everywhere -as this area is residential, so no kiosk to worry about parking time. If your a local, grabbing quick bite or coffee, you might be OK, but a mutual friend wanted us to try this place.I didn't get chance to read my Yelp-so I went in Blind!! : {. 
They had seating outside, which is nice on warmer day, slight chillier for me to sit out, On the inside, look- small  tables, for quick latte &  read your newspaper, but our friend said they had a dining area, for brunch. I started to notice people just standing around(course-they were waiting to be Seated -as well) 20-25 min later, they lead us to back -gorgeous room with chair rail, clay red color, fireplace,photos on the wall -which were priced, apparently for sale. Reminds you of a room in house. The servers, waitresses were not efficient. Note**: If you have plans to be some where else, THIS IS NOT PLACE FOR YOU!!!!! ***They mentioned something got screwed up on our order, it would be right out. The boards had nice variety, even had ice cream & gelato,but the service was SOO Damn Slow!!! Don't think they have gotten their kinks out, still not efficient on service, looked like one person manning the back dining area, and the owners were helping. Not sure if one chef, or cook in back. Our friend ordered pancakes, they were room temperature(cold), our french toast were very small, with rum sauce, I had to hail waitress over for napkins & coffee refills couple times.Don't get me wrong, they were nice , but it wasn't automatic,would I go back-maybe, but not for any big parties, we ONLY had 3 of us, took them Forever to get us seated, let alone the food took EVEN Longer to arrive. I can't even imagine our normal 8-10 party-we'd be there for 4 hours-they AREN"T EFFICIENT IN TIME MANAGEMENT -AT ALL!! ** I can't stress enough, if you have plans to be somewhere, movies, etc, don't come here for brunch!!! Won't make it, You would think the chef is the owner & server, all in one! Too Damn slow. !! I'd go back to grab quick bite,or drink..No sit down!!! Go to my favorites in Northern Liberties or Center city-first!!I live a block away from this cafe. The food has been good.. A few minor mistakes but good! The menu changes often, and the service is always decent.I rarely cook, and they feed me several nights a week. I'd enjoy a little more consistency but overall, I LIKE.A good place to go if you don't mind waiting a little while. The pancakes were great, and my girlfriend's food seemed good but we're still working on communication so I'm not 100% sure. Would have 5 stars but the last time we were there, service was very slow. But friendly. Slow, though.Went there today and bought an entree and coffee. I decided to sit outside. Less than five minutes after I finished eating, but while I was still drinking my coffee, an employee comes out and tells me I have to leave so he can seat other people. This despite the fact that 1) I'm still drinking my coffee, and 2) there are empty tables outside. And he was rude about it.
What kind of service is this? Never going back if I can help it. Try Satellite Cafe--it's cheaper and they are nicer.Try the quiche, from what I heard its different every day! Plus, who can't respect La Columbe? I'm sure there are growing pains in every establishment, I'll gladly enjoy watching GSC develop one slice of glorious quiche at a time.Food (7.0/10) = Ordered the "waffle cup with scrambled eggs with syrup" and added chorizo and cheddar cheese.  The portions were so-so.  It tasted good, but as good as it sounds.  But for ~$9.00?  I don't think it's a $9 dish.  .  Ordered their americano as well.  Nothing special.  The coffee at Earth Cup, a few blocks down the road tastes better.
Ambiance (8.0/10) = Nice little cafe at the corner of a street.  Nice set up outside.  
Service (7.5/10) = Pretty standard.  No complaints.  
Overall Opinion = I probably wouldn't go back to this place even if I lived around the area.  I originally thought about giving this place 3 stars, but the more I thought about the price of that breakfast, and the so-so taste of the dish and coffee, I'm going to settle with 2 stars.I went here for brunch so I can only comment on that.  The food was just okay, but it was fairly cheap.  It's not the huge brunch portions you normally get though.  I had a tofu scramble which was fine.  The omelets my friends got were small, and the pancakes were just plain pancakes.  I definitely liked the atmosphere of the back dining room - it had lots of sunshine, bright colors, and a fireplace with an actual fire.  However the front cafe area looked like mayhem.  I would probably never go back with just one or two people, but they sat our table of 10 with only an hours notice (I called ahead), which was awesome.  I knew there was no way we could get in any other popular brunch spots with our big group.  I thought everyone on the staff was super nice and attentive.  Too bad the food was boring...Pros: Very friendly service. Free refills on hot coffee!!!
Cons: Seating a bit limited in the cafe area. Also, during the summer, the air conditioning in the cafe area is weak. It is simply too hot in there.
Bottom line: I really want to be a fan of this place, since I live nearby, and the service here is friendly. But the poor air-conditioning is a deal-breaker for me during the summer.Brought my friend for Sunday brunch.  I had the quiche and she had eggs and bacon with toast.  Both of us ordered coffee.  Coffee is bitter and super strong, even with half a cup of cream: if you're a Starbucks bitter blend type, no problem. For the rest of us who might light a smoother blend, beware.  Someone said it was LaColombe brand but I'm sure they have variety so who knows.  
Her orange juice arrived as well, I had asked for water, waited a while. No big deal, it was busy.  Food arrived, my friend was surprised there was only one slice of toast. She asked the waiter, he said, that was standard. She wasn't too happy as she usually makes a sandwich out of her eggs. 
My quiche was preformed and microwaved. Not really creamy or even fresh. I make good quiche and it's not too hard. This was obviously store bought frozen.  A few pieces of garnish on the side and I was still hungry after. 
Had no problem with server staff, friendly, helpful and responsive on a busy day.  Service was good.  Food was disappointing...this place has such a great location, perhaps a makeover in the kitchen is due.  Take it up a notch.  If you offer it, the customers will come!A great breakfast/brunch place with a range of options, from basic eggs and toast, to a rotating weekend brunch menu, each with several vegetarian and vegan options. It can be difficult to get a seat when the outdoor seating area is closed, but this points to the popularity of the place. Waitstaff are always friendly, and the interior is cozy.The food was great! Fresh! I mean it even looked fresh and surely healthy.  This spot has indoor and outdoor seating.  Walking up, I really didn't want to sit outside and it looked packed inside, but they have a rear area that is lovely, I mean I really liked the ambience.  The art on the walls was not only amazing but it's for sale.  
The food was delish and inside of homefries that I usually get with an omelet, I got roasted potatoes.  The omelet comes with 2 fillings, which usually at other places I would have to pay for more than one filling.  The food came fast, the service was excellent and it's in a nice spot.I work in West Philly (60th and Baltimore) and this is one of the only decent places to get lunch.  Food is always great, desserts are delicious, and they have cans of club soda.  Only reason they don't get 5 stars is that they started delivering and we're outside their radius. :(The restaurant does not meet the gold standard in any important categories (taste, price, ambiance, service) but is still a decent spot (except for putting wasabi on the croque madame without mentioning it on the menu...who does that?). What left a bad taste in my mouth was the fact that the owner asked us to leave because "it's Saturday and we're really busy." We'd been seated about 30 minutes (and were surrounded by tables that had been there much longer). I'll buy my $13 "gourmet" chipped beef in a can at Aldi next time and save you the trouble of kicking us out.We've been to GS about 10 times total. The food is pretty good two thirds of the time, and just ok at other times. 
Unfortunately, the sit-down service is terribly run and usually very very slow. I actually have no major issues with the waitstaff; the problem seems to be poor management. This morning's hostess/front of house manager provided the worst customer service I've experienced at a Philadelphia restaurant in ages
We arrived at about 9:30am while there were many visibly open tables. We waited for about 5 minutes before any of the 5 employees present even acknowledged us. The hostess/manager then came out and confirmed that we were a table of three, and said "just a minute". Then she walks into the seating area starts getting a table ready, then answers the phone, and then walks back to us and says "Sorry! Murphy's law!" before shrugging and just totally walking away. We assumed she'd be right back. Alas, after waiting 10 more minutes (with an increasingly fussy toddler) I simply asked a waitress if we could get a table and explained that the hostess had become preoccupied. The waitress was lovely and apologized for the inconvenience. (I do want to note that in the midst of this bad review, our waitress really was great, and did a lot to make up for the otherwise awful service.)
Later in the meal, I was going to take our kid for a mid-meal walk, and the hostess tried to convince me to stay put (no thanks) by giving my toddler a plastic clamshell container and a knife calling it "restaurant drums". Are you serious?!! Neither we nor other diners would want to listen to that. I politely refused and told her we'd rather not have that. This lady clearly has terrible intuition about how to craft a comfortable and welcoming dining experience. 
Since we weren't having a pleasant experience, we got our food wrapped up to go. Upon sampling my toddler's french toast this evening, we were absolutely appalled to find that it had a staple in it. A STAPLE. In french toast for A TODDLER.
We're disinclined to return until someone else is in charge of front-of-house.Simply- Yum! I keep going back to Gold Standard for the great coffee and the breakfast foods that are served almost all day. The staff is very friendly and helpful and the manager/owner pops out once in a while to talk to the costumes and make sure everything is going well. I've been getting the waffle breakfast bowl the last couple of times and it was delicious!Terrible service! I have been here 3-4 times since moving into this neighborhood, and my most recent visit was a huge waste of time... I ordered a rare steak and eggs, and after waiting an hour for this quick dish and seeing other diners being seated after me and receiving their food first, I canceled my order... I'm "in the industry" and understand that it's hard when the dining room gets slammed, but either hire people capable enough to handle brunch on a weekend, or don't seat the entire room. Even our drinks were late; I ordered an iced-Americano and my friend ordered a coffee. Twenty minutes later, we received one by asking a hostess who was refilling coffees and the other by reminding our server that we were still waiting for our drinks. When I said that we would be leaving, our server passed the blame onto the kitchen. Unprofessional! Support Greenline and anywhere else on Baltimore Ave. before giving money to this place (unless you're a Penn parent because THEN you'll receive wonderful service).Ok, so I'm gonna raise a star here... because I came here two times recently, and had: 
1.) DELICIOUS chicken salad, complete with grapes. (I love grapes in my tuna or chicken salad), and a lot for the price. Just a huge, heaping place of chicken salad. GREAT.
2.) On the second occasion, I ordered the salmon special, and got amazing salmon, cooked to perfection with potatoes and some sort of asparagus/squash combo on the side... and all for something like 10 bucks. Really incredible. Yeah. 
So.... I think this place can be sort of hit or miss with food, but try either of those options, and you are good to go. Maybe this implies that some of the Gold Standard's lunch and dinner fare is a little better than breakfast food? And the service still wasn't very fast either time, but it was a-ok. And still adorable, as always.Had not eaten here in decades. Food was good but service poor. Had to ask another diner not to use her phone on speaker!  Waitress ( who didn't offer pepper grinder for salad or meal and forgot tea) should have done that. Would not go back.Made a reservation for brunch at 12 at Gold Standard Cafe. Nervous about what I read on Yelp regarding the waiting time, I came in with low expectations. However, we were seated as soon as our party of 5 had arrived in the main dining area.
It was extremely crowded and thus pretty loud, which was kind of annoying when trying to converse with my four friends. 
The food came in a jiffy, but unfortunately did not meet my "gold standard." My friend and I opted for two sweet dishes to split-- the Apple Waffle dish and the Croissant French Toast dish. 
Though the Apple Waffle dish was tasty (it came with a large belgian waffle, some caramelized and sugary apples dabbed in cinnamon, butter, and syrup on the side), it did seem too awfully simple to be a restaurant dish. It seemed like a waffle that could have came out of a simple Belgian waffle maker that you find at hotel breakfasts. The apple topping was meager and did not have a WOW factor, and the butter was too much. I scraped it all off before devouring. 
The Croissant French Toast dish was a bit confusing. It didn't taste like a croissant to me, which was the biggest letdown. It tasted a bit like bread pudding or normal french toast. The eggy flavor was overpowering and the mascarpone flavor was off as well. Some friends at the table even claimed the Croissant French Toast to have an alcoholic after-taste. I was able to mask some of the weird flavors I was tasting by dousing the french toast in maple syrup. 
The place is adorably decorated and from the outside looks like a quaint little corner brunch spot. Prices are affordable, and the menu is extensive. However, the food does not live up to a "gold standard" and thus I probably would not make the trek back and would not recommend the spot to others.Been here several times over the last 5 years, what an interesting fluctuation. Sad to say a full 360 seems to have happened here. 
First year, I stopped in for tea occasionally and then a handful of times for brunch or lunch. The food was never fresh and fruit was often served with mold on it. The toilet called every time moments after. I stopped going.
About a year later I gave it another try and was so surprised, everything was absolutely delicious, it became my go to brunch spot!
The owners just sold it and although I really enjoy some of the decor changes the food is once again stomach upsetting. The potatoes, well I'm not even sure you should count them as potatoes I have no idea what these things could be. Everything is $2.50 more than it use to be. This was my 4th time in since the new owners took over, the food is less than mediocre again and diners are asked to leave as soon as they are finished eating with the promise of a free dessert if they want one on the way out. 
Hire the old cook back, stop the shortcuts on food and stop running people out to make another buck. Make the gold standard above standard again- we miss it! Sadly won't be back until then.I've been twice so far and had mixed experiences.  The first time was great.  We waited about 15 minutes for a table.  The server was friendly and the food fairly priced.  The portions aren't huge, so if you're looking for a big, greasy hangover brunch, look elsewhere.  I had the tofu scramble, which was slightly bland but overall pretty good.  And for $4, who's complaining??
The second go-round left much to be desired.  There was a private party going on in the dining area, so I guess the staff and kitchen were really busy.  I asked one of the owners if we could seat ourselves outside, and he was a bit short with me.  Then we found out brunch ended at 1pm (what?!?!) and had to order lunch instead.  I got the black bean burger, which was pretty decent, but I really wanted pancakes!  Ketchup and napkins were nowhere to be found, and the kitchen forgot our friends' fries.  Oh well.
Both times I've been to Gold Standard, the servers and owners have been apologetic.  They obviously know they have some work to do.  It's too bad they couldn't have worked out some of these kinks before opening. All the same, I'll be back soon.  I'm going to give them a month or two to settle in, and then I look forward to trying the pancakes!The Gold Standard is a sweet little spot in a lovely Victorian building at 48th and Baltimore. It's really a coffee shop, a lunch/brunch spot and a BYO dinner restaurant all in one, which can be confusing at first. Inside, there's coffee shop seating in the front and a more dressed-up dining room in the back, which you might not know is there because it's past the counter area and kitchen entrance. Our favorite thing to do here is to bring a bottle of wine or a growler from Dock Street, order burgers (which, last I heard, are grass-fed Lancaster beef), sit outside and watch the traffic and trolleys roll by. The experience can be, as another reviewer put it, "positively Parisian at times". 
I love their super-yummy homemade vinaigrette on the salad. The coffee is good but I usually go to the Satellite if I only want coffee. Brunch entrees are delicious. I have been both wowed and disappointed by their dinner entrees. They usually have some kind of special or prix fixe deal for entree + salad + dessert if you're in the mood for several courses. Prices are very reasonable.
I have experienced incompetent and inattentive service here, as well as long wait times, but this was closer to when they first opened and has improved dramatically over time. Even with its imperfections, GSC is a solid choice for a fresh and yummy meal in my neighborhoodAstounding food and staff behind counter, but the kitchen is abhorrently  slow. It's really a shame, could be a wonderful place, but avoid it like the plague unless you're getting coffeedid the deluxe bagel sandwich take out and there was nothing deluxe about it unfortunately...TWO meager slices of salmon, $9.50 total? No way. The everything bagel itself was pretty good but I doubt they make them in house.
Overall I was disappointed but would be willing to try a sit down breakfast here based on other reviews.sat outside on a sunday with some friends, awesome byo with great many vegan/vegetarian options on the menu. i had the vegan mushroom cheesesteak which was incredible including delicious spiced up fries. our waiter was very nice and everything came out in a decent amount of time. will be back!It's such a cozy and reliable brunch place. I always have the most amazing time here. Already been about three times so it's a repeat kind of place. The people are friendly and attentive. It's just warm and homey, delicious food!The first time I went to The Gold Standard Cafe, I thought the space was limited to the coffee shop area in the front.  I recently learned that The Gold Standard includes a wonderful restaurant in the back.
On my first visit to the restaurant I had the pulled pork sandwich.  It was delicious!  The pulled pork was spicy, tender, and full of flavor.  The french fries were hot, crispy, and delicious.  The spiciness of the pulled pork may be too much for some, but I enjoyed it.  For me, the sandwich could have had a bit more sauce, but that's just a matter of my personal taste.  This in no way detracted from the overall quality of the food.
On my second visit, I had the Waffle & Berries and a side of chorizo from the brunch menu.  The chorizo had a wonderful spicy, smoky flavor while the waffle was light and crispy.  The waffle came with a delightful sauce made with strawberries, blueberries, and red wine.  It was served with a dollop of perfect, homemade whipped cream.
I look forward to going back to The Gold Standard!The gold standard has vegan dishes. If you are vegan and don't do dairy some of there dishes are prepared with butter milk and egg.so ask before you buy it
The so called chef is not a chef and some of the dishes are questionable. I worked there and they dairy up a lot of there food. Trust me........LOVE this cozy neighborhood gem since the day it opened. Friendly staff, La Colombe coffee, consistently good food, outdoor seating (weather permitting), art on the walls that changes every few months or so - what more could you ask for? Their menu also boasts Lancaster raised meats and eggs, and I'd generally describe the fare as good American comfort food. The eggs benedict and scallion buckwheat pancakes stand out in my mind, but really everything is good (and breakfast is served all day). They've had some turnover in staff, but overall the service is friendly and decent, and it's owned by long-time residents Roger & Vince who formerly owned & operated Abraccio's (and I must say they have really found their niche with The Gold Standard Cafe). You won't be disappointed, unless you come in with a chip on your shoulder, but if that's the case you're probably going to be met with bad service wherever you go. Warning: brunch gets packed so come early or be prepared to wait.This place was my first time going here to meet-up with a friend. I ordered their breakfast fried egg sandwich with turkey bacon and a cup of coffee and she got a bagel with cream cheese and a cup of coffee. Our food arrived promptly and was good. The coffee was underwhelming. It was warm, not hot and their coffee condiments area was out of half n half. The dining area inside was cozy, yet a bit cramped. If the coffee was brewed hot and had a better stocked condiment area, I'd have given this place a perfect score. Overall, it was a pleasant experience and would try this place again if I wasn't moving. One extra star for the cute and friendly counter girl who took our order!Nice atmosphere & good service. Visited for Saturday brunch. Got pulled pork sandwich and side Cesar salad. Both were good.We went here on Sunday for breakfast.  Fast and courteous service.  The coffee is La Colombe and the barista made a great latte.  We ordered huevos rancheros and their apple spiced pancakes.  The pancakes were very good, filling and I had to take one home.  The eggs were not traditional ranchero style but served with a side of spicy local Lancaster sausage with fried eggs and potatoes.  All in all the food is nice and the atmosphere is great.  In total with a Latte, two main brunch dishes the total came to $20.  You can order off of the regular breakfast menu during Brunch which is less expensive and looked very good as well.  The walls are covered with local artists' paintings and has a very refined home feel.This is a cool hip cafe with a very large menu. I ordered the special of the day which was shrimp grits and eggs. Maybe if I ordered it to eat in I would've enjoyed it more. I was in a rush for an appointment so by the time I got to enjoy my food it wasn't warm anymore. It still did taste very good. My girlfriend got the deluxe bagel and she enjoyed her food. I would definitely visit again.
When you first enter the cafe it looks small but they have seating in the back and also seating outside.I went to this lovely little cafe for an early dinner with some friends on a Monday afternoon. Two of the party had been before and recommended it highly.
I took to it immediately as we were welcomed by the friendly staff who informed us what was available (the full menu is only on offer Wednesday thru Sunday). We purred at the fresh goodies at the counter before taking a seat around the back in the roomy, pleasant dining area.
I had a really smooth and creamy milkshake and a veggie burger, which was fresh and tasty.
With the number of options available and the relaxed atmosphere, I'd definitely go back when I'm in West Philly again - they certainly know what they're doing. Gold Standard indeed!Had a very bad experience coming here for the first time. We had a group of 7 and called in advance to see the wait. They said 20 minutes, but we ended up waiting over an hour and had to split our group into 2 tables. Our waiter forgot to take our order, forcing us to grab him from the server station, and after taking our order, never revisited our table to check on us or refill our water. We sought the help of a waitress not assigned to our table when we needed something. 
Tables that ordered after us got their food before we did, and when our food finally came, it was not as we ordered it or advertised. They forgot our sides. Also, apparently a salad with "poached eggs and bacon" means a singular poached egg with half a piece of bacon chopped up on top. When I asked for more eggs, as advertised on the menu, they charged me. I also would not recommend this dish. It was average.
I'm not sure if they were understaffed or if the service was just poor, but this was definitely a sub par dining experience at best. Would not recommend.Great coffee shop a little down Baltimore. Their grilled eggplant sandwich is great. There are other vegan options that are clearly listed on the menu. 
Very extensive tea list which I appreciate a lot. Good place to sit and work or have lunch/a coffee date. 
Very friendly staff.Great place for breakfast! Omelets are so good!  Pancakes and waffles are the best made from scratch! Nice atmosphere and outdoor seating!Ok so where do I start? The food here is incredible, it's 10 times better than cedar park cafe down the street. So my favorites are the French toast, stuffed shrimp, shrimp and grits and stuffed French toast. I recently took the ladies in my family here for Mother's Day. They all raved about the food. My grandmother is even going to bring her organization here to have brunch. This is the perfect spot for any crowd. It's so laid back clean and the staff is so friendly. The kitchen manager Juwan even came out to greet us. I would totally recommend this place you can't go wrong with the crab cake. This place is a must try.Simple food done well! Could use a big sign that reads "sit down seating in back". Servers always seemed rushedI like this place; above par food at decent prices.  The bagel and lox special is only 6 bucks, not bad at all.  The coffee is all decent, brunch specialties that I've had have been great (the croissant french toast is delicious, but maybe split it with someone-- very decadent).  I had a pulled pork sandwich the other day with side salad-- for 8 dollars-- I felt satisfied.  I would've liked maybe a bit more pork, but I was more or less full at the end.   This place is not a study cafe (you can try in the front room, but good luck), more of a place to have a drink/meal with friends.  The patio out front is a nice touch when it's warm.  Only drawback is that service is not consistent.  Some days are better than others.This is one of my favorite cafes. Great coffee, pastries, desserts. Nice place to come so some work,  grab a quick bite to stay or go. Nice brunch but be prepared to wait on weekends. Byob makes it an elegant but inexpensive dinner option. Some hot food is just average, but I've never had anything I didn't like. Great burgers, fries, salads and sandwiches pretty good, too. They have local and organic meat, eggs and other items.The food was just ok, I could still taste flour in my pancakes.. Nice presentation but  looked better then the food actually tasted..Before I talk about the food, I want to say that the staff at the gold standard are the nicest people. Not your typical waiter/waitress meet-and-greet, the staff here go out of their way to say hello and goodbye and make sure that your service is top-notch.
I've been eating here at least once a week for 2 years now and I have no complaints at all. The food is excellent, I love their handmade cheeseburgers, Corizo, and their omlettes. They also have the best iced green tee ever.I come here ALL THE TIME.  The staff are really friendly, nice people.  I can hang out and work for an obscene amount of time with their wifi, and nobody hassles me.  The coffee is really good and the bagel sandwiches are really freakin fantastic. Best around, not kidding.  I have had several brunch items here as well, and they're good.  All the haters need to chill out.  This is a great neighborhoody place and the people that love it show up all the time.  Many many hugs to Gold Standard!!!Coffee is ok.  They do not offer any gluten-free options at their location in Graduate Hospital, which is unfortunate.I just adore this place. The best iced teas like mango and mint and more ( I am a tea snob these teas are super refreshing). The items on the menu are so scrumptious. I basically have loved every dish I have tried. Very curtious staff.I just had to post a glowing review about Roger and his Gold Standard Cafe for catering services they provided for my school's Staff Appreciation Luncheon! The spread they prepared for our 80 teachers/staff (of beverages; garden/spinach, pasta, tuna, cole slaw and potato salads; meat & veggie deli trays; cookies/pastries...you name it!) was plentiful and DELISH!  Seconds were had by many and a fun time was had by all! For great food, top-notch and timely service--dine-in or catered--you MUST give The Gold Standard Cafe a try!I think they're under new ownership, and they now have an expanded menu! Full breakfast, lunch, and brunch menus beyond bagels and pastry. They have gluten free bread for only a little extra charge, and the portions are really decent for the price you pay. Lots of vegan options too, and the servers are knowledgable and ask the kitchen if they aren't sure of an answer.
When it gets busy on weekends, the waiting procedures can be a little hectic. The outside seating is sometimes a different reservation system, sometimes first come first serve depending on who's behind the counter. I suggest having someone sit at an empty outside table, and someone go in to ask to make sure that you don't lose your spot and don't cut in line.
If you're driving, parking on the number streets 2-3 blocks back is free 2 hour, sometimes open ended.I have to say this place has done a huge 360. While what a turn around one derful service wonderful food they have so many vigan options you're gonna love it. The whole family can go they've got everything for everybody. Delicious desserts even sometimes I think they have treats for dogs cool. If you're sitting outside you can bring your doggie people do it all the time branches so special when the little furry guys are out.still good. a friend and i walked over to grab some brunch. the outside, front, and back were quite busy. we were greeted by a friendly host who sat us in the back. this was the first time i have dined in the back portion of this place. 
as we sat down, our server acknowledged us and brought us some water. after we perused the menu, we noticed that he was the only server. service was not bad though, it was a little lagged but it was actually decent considering how busy they were and he was the only server. i landed on their 3 egg omelet with some toast and potatoes. friend landed on french toast with a side of spinach. i asked for ketchup because i normally always do but the food definitely didn't need it. i ended up not using the ketchup because the omelet and potatoes were that good.
i tried a bite of my friend's spinach...so jealous that i didn't order it also. it was SO good. 
as we left, we realized that our server was also serving the outside diners! he was rockin it! gotta give him props! 
anyways, if you're in west philly, check it out. highly recommend their coffees and brunch!First time here. And it's very small. Not a lot of room to move around in. They was having a party today so there was nowhere to seat. The outside was full and so was the front. Other than that the food was just OK. I hate when   There is not platters for pancakes or waffles.  Who want to just eat pancakes by themselves  prices was a little higher than I would like to pay for what I had. Food was ok thought not bad not great.They unfortunately made a mistake with our order, but the waitstaff was very pleasant and apologetic.  Plenty of good breakfast/lunch options, including veggie options.  The outdoor seating is lovely, especially with good weather.First ever Yelp review. Ive lurked forever but my dinner here last night finally pushed me to enter the pale.
I brought my Mom here after Baltimore Ave Dollar Stroll in an attempt to convince her of the charms of West Philly. Success! After we wandered the blocks listening to live music and tasting the offerings of a few tents, we headed to Gold Standard with our wine. Gotta love a BYOB.
The dining area is very warm and inviting. The seating is not crowded but it does feel like a place where you can amiably chat to couple at the table next to you or sit alone in a window seat reading a newspaper over your meal. 
We both ordered the 5- course dining days menu for $25.00. It was SUCH a great deal- and way too much food. 
Our choices:
1. Pâté Noisette- creamy and delicious. I bit on the thick side but who's complaining? Served on crunchy toasts- the presentation fell slightly short of elegant but was still nice and comfortable. 
1. Guacamole- Mom LOVED the guacamole and raved about it all night. The portion size was perfect for one person starting a 5 course meal.
2. Cream of carrot soup- light and creamy with an incredible carrot flavor. Very very good.
2. Gazpacho- Mom thought the gazpacho was also very good, appropriately spicy and very fresh tasting. 
3. Tilapia- An excellent and large piece of fish that was perfectly prepared and had excellent flavor. The portion size was huge and again, the presentation was not the most elegant but it was a good comfort food choice with yummy rice and veggies. 
3. Shrimp Margarita- another huge portion; shrimp and rice in a creamy sauce. Mom really liked it but we were both pretty full after eating about half of our entrees. 
4. Salad option. The greens were fresh and the dressing delightfully tangy. Mom passed on the salad as she was pretty full and did not feel like salad after her entree (shes such a philistine).
5. We both took our dessert home to eat later. I had the Chocolat West Philly, an incredibly rich mousse that was perfect for a mid night snack and Mom had the Plum Clafouti that was sweet without being overly so and had thick slices of plum. Delicious!!
Hands down the best part of the meal was the fantastic and attentive service. I would give the food a solid four stars for easy going classic choices that are tasty and unpretentious but the service deserves an added star unto itself. I had made a reservation in case Dollar Stroll night created crowds in the restaurant and when we walked in we were greeted by name. Our very pleasant waiter let us pick any table we wanted (Thank you again for accommodating my mother who insisted on the corner 5 person table for just the two of us). The selections were explained and all questions answered. An ice bucket for (our incredibly cheap) pinot grigio was brought and the bottle opened. Our waiter never let the glasses empty and never let our dishes idle- but he wasnt overbearing at all rather letting us sit and talk. Our total for 5 courses was an incredibly reasonable $54.00.
It was a really nice few hours and the service and comfortableness really made us feel welcome and appreciated. All day I've been thinking about packing up my school reading and heading back there for a cup of coffee and sampling a few more of their offerings. I will definitely be back (probably tomorrow morning for breakfast) and am really excited to add this place to my list of west philly gems.They charged me an extra $1.50 when I asked for a mug of hot water to go along with my food. Granted, businesses have a right to charge whatever they want for items. And I don't mind paying an extra 25 cents or so. But, that has to be a 1 million percent markup.
Kind of a dick thing to do.I give the food 3 stars and the service 2 stars. I went with a friend one Saturday morning for brunch. The food was decent. We got eggs, yogurt with granola, potatoes, toast. As soon as we were finished we were asked by our waiter to leave because it was a busy Saturday morning. Seriously?! Who does that? I looked around and saw several empty tables. I told the waiter I didn't appreciate essentially being kicked out. I live only a block away from Gold Standard but will not find myself frequenting again until they get it together.Got some take out earlier today. The food and coffee was pretty good but they aren't all that attentive to detail. I asked for no capers on my salmon bagel but they put them there anyways. And I think they skimped a bit on the salmon and tomato, but I can live with that. My wife asked them to please not put her sandwich wrap in a big plastic box but they did anyways. So a bit disappointing. The food was good enough. I'd definitely go back but its not my go-to destination.What a great little place. I've just started to explore West Philly, and this place is just down the street from my girlfriend's apartment. Really good coffee for a reasonable price, with indoor and outdoor seating. Service is wonderful, as you never feel rushed.Reservations are ignored.  We got there on time and had to wait 30 minutes.  They probably overbook given their small size. 
The food is average, and the BYOB helps.  The prices are okay. The service is average but friendly.Had a nice little dinner here the other day. It was really delicious food and great service, and the price was right!
Our waitress was a real nice girl, but I felt so bad that she had to read the menu off to us from a blackboard(as Lauren G said, I agree that its ridiculous) Being a waitress myself I know how much of a hassle "creative ideas" can be from the management. It wasn't a problem for the waitress when I was here but I could not imagine how irritating it could be with a full dinning room! All in all great little spot and I will be back=]
P.S.Also the chocolate cheesecake is the best in the city!I've been here four times in the last three weeks and really love this place. The burgers and sandwiches are *delicious*. I would have given a 5 star rating had I not gone there for pancakes one morning. My breakfast companion and I were both a bit disappointed after such good food at lunch a couple days before. The pancakes weren't bad, but weren't great (texture was slightly rubbery, taste was a bit flat). I'd definitely stick to lunch/dinner, or try something for breakfast besides pancakes.Outside the b-fast, coffee  and a few lunch items, this is as mediocre a place as there is in the neighborhood and in philly.  They are so accustomed to churn out food that is so tasteless, as they have at the original GSC, Palladium and Abbraccio.  They never go the extra mile to uplift this place to something other than mediocrity.  The hummus, the red pepper, the crabcake all flavorless.  Olives from a can? Are you kidding me.  I'm done with this Lead Standard Cafe.  Sure it's a neighborhood place but that is not an excuse for sub-standard food.  For those who give this a 4 or 5 star rating, please try some real restaurants.  You just encourage the owners to do nothing but churn out mediocre food.This is a decent cafe, but if you plan on doing any reading in the coffee shop side, this place is a little too cramped and noisy to concentrate.  If you plan on having breakfast or brunch in the restaurant side, you're in for a real treat.My friend and I stumbled upon this place while strolling the neighborhood and decided to try it out. The quiche and salad lunch was delicious and exactly what we were looking for. The service was very friendly and helpful. The dining room had a nice atmosphere. I only wish they had fountain drinks instead of cans... I will definitely return!I went in for take out lunch around 12:30, and waited no more than 5-10 min for my food. 
I got the grilled eggplant sandwich with roasted peppers and basil. When I first saw it, I thought might be dry, because of the lack of condiments. The eggplant was flavorful, marinated in something tasty and grilled to perfection. No condiment needed! The bread (Ciabatta) was flaky and soft. 
I've since told several people about this sandwich.
They get bonus points for being wheelchair/stroller accessible.The breakfast sandwiches on their croissant is really good! The egg was good perfectly and the service is great. Really nice people over there. #goodbreakfastsammyI recently went there with some friends for breakfast.  The food was good and quite hot when it arrived.  
A word about price.  The menu does not have dollar signs next to the amounts.  Something that is $9.00 is actually "9".  This is a trend amongst many restaurants to fool you into spending more than you think.  I think that $9.00 is a little much for breakfast, but it was quite good.funny how the morning started off with me telling my buddy that i've read Yelp before, but never felt the need to review anything in my neighborhood just yet. as fate would have it, now i do. so read on. 
my friend and i(i've lived in the area for a solid 7+ years, my friend about the same, though he now lives in CA and is visiting the ol' 'hood for 2 weeks) enter GSC at about 10:45 this morning. get seated inside - for it was quite a steamy morning - in about 10 minutes, which was a little odd, being as how there were plenty of empty tables in the back dining area, but whatever. waitress promptly came and took our orders, and brought us OJ. and then we waited. and waited. and waited some more. and then we noticed that people who came in well after us were being served. and it's not like we ordered complicated breakfasts - the waitress did come and apologize for the wait after about 40 minutes, but offered no explanation or anything remotely comforting that our food might be out soon. so we continue our wait. noon rolls around and another table was served that came in after us and we were fed up. dropped money on the table for the OJ, and left. we then passed our waitress who did nothing to try and save her table from walking, disgusted and starving, out the door.
i've NEVER had to walk from a restaurant before. and ya know, it didn't make me feel too good to turn my back on a neighborhood establishment. because i want to like GSC. the place looks nice enough, and apparently the food is pretty good. and it's mere blocks from my house. i understand GSC just opened, but the service and/or kitchen has got to step it up. maybe in a few months i'll try again.
by the way, the delicious OJ is bumping the rating up to 2 stars.The raspberry almond bar was super delicious, but I was disappointed by my latte, which was roughly 95% milk. Stick to straight iced coffee or the red eye (coffee + espresso) and you should be good. The staff is friendly, and the environment casual and inviting. This place is dog-friendly, too; they even have dog treats for sale.I always order something with bagle, because they have very good homemade (Not sure but it's very delish.) bagles!This was a convenient place but it can't earn my 4 stars if their food is of less quality than IHOP.If I could give ZERO STARS, I would without hesitation. We had a catering order which was the most awful delivery of food I have EVER received (coffee was cold and burned, pastries were rock solid and tasteless, salad was brown, sandwiches were soggy, pasta salad was completely bland). I emailed the owner who could not be bothered by my issues until I stated we would not be paying for the order unless he took my complaints seriously. They offered to give us a free order in the future to "redeem themselves" and we agreed. The order was supposed to be delivered TODAY, confirmed TWICE this week. By the time the order was 20 minutes late for delivery I called and was told the order was not placed. I could not be more disappointed in this establishment.I think so much of an eating-out experience has to do with context. If you're familiar with West Philly, you know that the restaurant and bar scene is desolate. Baltimore Avenue, as nice as it can sometimes be, is hardly the place to stroll down and choose a place at random. 
That said, Gold Standard is something of an oasis. The building itself is nice, the food is more than adequate, and the lighting is great. It's an open atmosphere, often crowded but not to the point of frustration. On Sunday brunches, I'm sure it's a little worse; on the average Saturday, however, there's no trouble finding a seat. 
The other common complaints have to do with service. Now I'm sure at peak hours, they are understaffed. That is the case anywhere in Philly. If I could offer a word of advice to restaurant-owners (none of whom will read this of course), it's this: I'd rather have a long wait and great service than a shorter wait and slow service. The service is perfectly decent, in my opinion. It's certainly not upper echelon, especially not in comparison to some of the fine dining options just a few miles east of the Gold Standard. Nevetheless, by no means was my experience so bad as to warrant a negative review. 
The Gold Standard is the closest you can get to a decent brunch this far down Baltimore Ave. Don't get me wrong, the Green Line has some good food: the sweet potato breakfast burrito is great, and the soup options are typically good. But, as for a sit-down brunch, you shouldn't be disappointed at the Gold Standard.We came here for a belated new years brunch, champagne included. We went around 12:30pm and there was about a 20minute wait even though we made a reservation... Once seated & the staff saw our bottles of champagne, they immediately offered to open the bottles, brought out a bucket of ice & replaced our orange juice glasses with fannncy stemmed glasses :) The menu had pitchers of orange juice listed which made our celebrations even mooore convenient. The food was good, nothing to write home about, but good. I will definitely be back, especially if I plan on having another champagne-filled brunch celebration; pleasant byob brunch spot in west philly.Gold Standard is right on the corner of 48th and Baltimore where I catch the 34 trolley to work.  It's also probably one of the few places that accepts just about any kind of credit card with no minimum purchase threshold (THANK YOU!).  I usually get coffee here on my way to work and I seldom carry cash.
I've only eaten brunch here a few times, but whether it's just coffee, or a sit down meal, the wait staff has always been very good.  I've never felt rushed, and I've always enjoyed my meal.I like the outdoor seating area and the fact that they have wi-fi. I come here instead of Earth Cup when I know I'm going to have to be there for awhile. However, the coffee isn't that great and the food is so overpriced for what it is! I've never had a meal there that I wasn't disappointed with. Also, the service is pretty bad-- slow and kind of rude for the most part, especially at the counter. They need to get it together!I visited this place last weekend when I was in Philly. I had coffee and a bagel. The coffee was strong, very tasty and piping hot. I was able to grab a table with my wife and our friend very easily. 
The atmosphere is what I'm looking for in a coffee shop -- some background noise, plenty of seating and good beverages. 
The service was quite good as well. Bagels were toasted perfectly and they had self service water (key staple to a good local coffee place)
I was impressed --- would definitely go back there againStopped in on a Sunday morning for a quick snack to hold me over until dim sum.  Almond croissant was tasty and it's hard to go wrong with La Colombe coffee.I consider Gold Standard to be primarily a brunch place, and they do that really well. In terms of price, GS is more reasonable than Honey's, Estelle, Sabrina's, or Morning Glory. We have rarely cracked $20 for two. And unlike those places you won't have pay a homeless man to show up at 6AM to hold your place in line, and there is a lot of nice outdoor seating.
In terms of lunch GS is more hit or miss. I would say their turkey burger needs a little something on the top end like mustard. Never had dinner there. Good service.Sorta expensive for what you get. But really good bagels. Tastes like a baguette in bagel form.Food: Though I typically don't believe in an acid test of restaurant quality, the coffee tends to shape my breakfast experience.  At Gold Standard, my cup of black coffee was good.  I also enjoyed my omelet, which was like a fried egg stuffed with sauteed mushrooms, cheddar cheese, and nicely caramelized onions.
Service:  I have mixed feelings about the service.  On one hand, the coffee was refilled promptly and the server, though a little panicked, maintained a very friendly attitude.  The bad: two items-OJ and a side of turkey bacon-never arrived and our check deviated slightly from what we ordered and received.Before the kitchen and menu change, this place was a solid 4, and I've gone many times. I'll also note that at our most recent trip (the subject of this review) our whole bill was comped, and the waitress was very nice and apologetic. (Hence 2 stars instead of 1.)
The wait: as is probably evident from other recent reviews, the wait time was rough. I get that a new kitchen staff takes time to get up and running. Long waits can happen. 
The service: our waitress was clearly stressed trying to compensate for the kitchen. She missed bringing out the fruit cup first so that we could keep our 1yo from running away to play with other guests dogs. He did, but probably would have anyway. It wasn't great service, but I'm not too upset about it, as it was addressed immediately. 
The food: Ok, here's where I'm pissed. The food used to be very good. The chocolate chip pancakes used to be fantastic, in all their spongey and delicious glory. On that fateful day, my friends, the food from the new brunch menu sucked. The aforementioned pancakes were now dry and had a raw flour taste. The omelette I got was overcooked and the turkey sausage within were like little hockey pucks. And the potatoes... The old potatoes were really solid, fried red potatoes, glistening with just a bit of oil, seasoned well. These "new" potatoes were like dried up catchers mitts, with about the same flavor and texture. 
I'm not asking for you to bring the old brunch menu back. If you did, that would be fantastic, but I'm sure that won't happen. What I am asking is for you to make good food. The comped bill was a good response, and I thought about not writing a negative review because of it. But, I really like this place, and want to keep going back. But with food like that, I can't. Just make good food again, and I look forward to the day I can remove this review.
Until then, I think we should see other people. It's not me... it's you.Mehh, came here for Easter brunch.  I ordered a falafel sandwich which was nothing spectacular.  Very nice outdoor seating!I just moved into the area and since I have no furniture or cookware at the moment, my friend and I decided to check this place out for breakfast and coffee.  My initial reaction was pleasant.  Inside is quite small but they have an outdoor seating area and a back dining area.  Their iced coffees and egg sandwiches are good.  My friend had the bagel with smoked salmon which she enjoyed.  Since being in Philly for 5 days, I have been here a total of 3 times already.  The kids and managers are super nice and friendly.  It looks like this will be my new go-to spot for a quick caffeine fix.Surprisingly, one of the BEST burgers I've had in a long time. First bite and I was hooked! Most cafes do not do burgers well.This cafe was delicious. Ate here for breakfast and the food was fantastic. The service was extremely friendly and very attentive. I order the yogurt and granola - a fresh dish with honey drizzled on it. Also had a side of sausage which was perfectly cooked and had a great kick to it. I would recommend this cafe to anyone.I am very disappointed in The Gold Standard.  I was looking forward to a quality cafe in the Cedar Park neighborhood.  The basic sandwiches and salads are okay, but, at this point, I only stop in for coffee.  I went here for brunch twice, and had the same problem as other reviewers - glacial service and cold food.  I don't plan to waste my time and money by eating dinner.
However, unlike many reviewers, I have never had an unpleasant experience with the staff.  The folks at the coffee bar are always friendly, even when busy.I like this place.  Food is great.  Waitstaff is always very nice.  The fact that the restaurant and the cafe are separated makes for a nice feel.  Outdoor seating is a huge plus, with the tall windows.
They know their coffee.  There's always a new artist on display in the restaurant area.  There are always new and interesting specials, and desserts.
Go here.  When I first moved here, I remember reading HORRIBLE reviews of the place, and that deterred me.  I think it's important for us Yelpers to be open to revising our reviews.  Restaurants can change, and do often.  Apparently this one made a huge change.  Thanks!This place is fantastic! A nice upgrade from the standard breakfast/brunch; you can taste the quality and care that goes into every bite! An easy five stars!!I was personally disappointed with The Gold Standard Cafe, but I have to say, there isn't anything wrong with it at all. When I approached the corner, I was worried there wouldn't be a place for me to lock up my bike, but when I looked to the left, there was a little bike rack. Looking at the outside seating, I nervously began my walk up the ramp, curiously looking through the glass, thinking, "Wait, a minute, is this a restaurant?' 
Once inside, I immediately noticed the crowd - senior citizens and middle-aged people who may either work for a nonprofit agency or in the urban art industry. I didn't see any yuppies, hippies, artists, cyclists, nerds ... I was an almond in a peanut gallery. The front of the cafe was ridiculously small. I'm sure they were taking an intimate approach, which is a great atmosphere for a coffee house, but they could have accomplished that very same feeling with decor. This cafe also serves food, so the furniture in the cafe has to accommodate that. The furniture takes away the intimate vibe, it seems more like a lunch spot that doesn't have enough space. I sat at a bar. I moved the salt and pepper shakers far away from me, because they have no place in my coffee ritual. Right in front of me is the line to place your order. You wouldn't even have to extend your arm to tap a person, in line, on the shoulder. 
I saw a few plates being served to patrons who were seated outside. As a matter of fact, I was snapped out of my studies by one of the baristas taking food outside. He sat a cup on the bar I was sitting at to free up the hand he was going to use to open the door. It just showed how a lack of space could affect a cafe. The food looked and smelled delicious. I had an Almond croissant to accompany the Fair Trade brew. I had my coffee and pairing 'for here'. I really liked the deep mug of coffee. It was shaped in such a way, too much didn't drip down the side after a sip. Very important. The menu offered breakfast, brunch, and lunch. I was unsure if the cafe was a coffee spot or a food spot. 
I do plan on visiting again. However, this isn't a place for me to drink coffee. If I go there for any meals and have coffee, which I may (their coffee is Fair Trade, hot, and delicious), that is a different story. Will I wake up, grab my hot read, and go for coffee to The Gold Standard, no.This is a solid 4 stars -mostly for the food, a little less for the service in the back.
You'll notice Gold Standard because of their primo location on a large corner of a 5-way intersection.  You might think it's just a coffee shop, but there are also tables indoors in the back.  Sometimes it's a little loud back there, but it's both cozy and comfortable.
There front is indeed a coffee shop and they make GREAT coffee.  This is one of the bonuses: you can actually get a killer soy mocha (or whatever) rather than the crappy coffee at most breakfast places.
Omlets, scrambles, and wraps are really good and I'm pretty sure these are some of the best pastries you can get anywhere in Philly!
BYOB -you can order a pitcher of orange juice if mimosas or screwdrivers are your morning thing...Nice spot. I enjoy my (smallish) Reuben. Enough food for sure, but I generally prefer to make that my choice. It's easy to get to, convenient to park near, and the wait staff is generous. We hung out way past the normal allotted time and were served happily. I appreciate that. I hear the pulled pork is dynamite.Great food, great location. Staff gets a 3 star rating. Got attitude for getting my own chair. You're redundant, deal with it.Great brunch spot that I was very happy to stumble upon! We were seated quickly and the food was quick to come out as well. I got the three egg omelette and it was scrumptious! The ingredients were fresh and the ambience was great. The server was very friendly and accommodating. Wish this place was closer, I'd go way more often.Nice sidewalk cafe if you can get a seat outside. I went on a Sunday and since it is good it was mobbed. Inside is pretty Victorian architecture.  I had the chocolate cake and the London broil ( or was it filet) sandwich and an iced coffee. My only complaint was I had to ditch the coffee because of the wobbly table out of fear I'd be wearing my beverage. No one free to ask to level the table. Besides that I really enjoyed the meal. I also enjoyed the nice mix of students, hipsters and neighbors my age.  I'm pretty sure once back in town , my 21 year old will live this place.  I will probably go back.One of the best brunch locations in West Philadelphia. I have been to this location multiple times and My favourite dish is the Quiche of the day. This is a great place to grab a quick coffee or baked goods while waiting to get on the trolley to Center City. The free wifi makes it an ideal study place as well with the best seats right next to the giant windows looking out onto the 48th street intersection.Really good breakfast sandwich. Good prices and a friendly staff.  Great outdoor seating and central location on Baltimore Ave. for reference there's a post office box in front and a trolley stop.My server was lovely and made my meal pleasant with her nice service. 
My meal was a spinach salad with 2 thin avocado slices, red onions, grapefruit, a couple of red grapes sliced in half. No dressing was offered but with the addition of a side of delicious white meat chicken salad, the salad was not dry.
The lemonade was being made and not available my entire lunch so i opted for mint iced tea. 
The only thing i did not like about my meal was it was hot inside. It was slightly less hot in the DR. ** You have to bite the bullet and crank up the air for diners when it's already 89 at 12:30 ** Its only going to get hotter as the day goes on. They had a window open out front where all the internet users hang. Perhaps thats contributing to what felt like the 80's when i dined. I heard 2 other tables complain. 
I enjoyed my meal and will return in the fall.Holy moly. 25 minutes for a humus wrap. If you can't make food in any reasonable amount of time,  stop offering food.Terrible service, mediocre food. I likely will not return because the service was appalling.
My SO wanted to eat here with friends on Valentine's Day, so I called ahead to see if I could schedule a reservation for brunch. All of their signage outside says "call and make your reservations," and both Yelp and their website list it. When I called Gold Standard, the man I spoke with said they don't really do reservations for brunch, but that they'd have a table set up for me. When we showed up and said we had a reservation, we were told that they don't take reservations and didn't have anything written down about our party. 15 minutes later, they said they 'found' our reservation, and then we waited for another 10 minutes or so before sitting.
We had both brunch and regular menus in front of us. When our waiter came by to take our order, he told us that 3 of the 10 or so options on the brunch menu were sold out. When someone wanted to order a sandwich, we were told that that's on the *lunch* menu, not brunch, and that they don't serve lunch until after brunch closes. Funny, because breakfast and lunch are on the same menu. It doesn't specify ANYWHERE that burgers have to wait until after 2 pm. I'm fine if you want to have these restrictions, but you need to make them known.
Among other things, our server was constantly MIA (which is impressive because the dining area is pretty small) and he forgot about our drink order. Our server held the hot coffee pot within inches of my friend's face without noticing.
The best part of the meal were the potatoes we got on the side. Not enough to keep me coming back.The coffee is good, I never have to get an extra shot added in my americano there which is nice. Service is always friendly and consistent. Food is nothing to write home about. I wish the breakfast potatoes had more seasoning. The gold standard breakfast sandwich is my go to. It's a decent neighborhood coffee shop. I also LOVE that you can do counter service or full service because I don't always love being waited on, but like I said even when I do go into the full service part the service is consistently good.  All in all, good if you live in the neighborhood but I wouldn't go out of my way to go.Visited with two friends for late breakfast on a Monday. We wanted to sit outside, which initially the server said was fine but then later told us her manager said we'd have to come inside for service, they wouldn't bring our food or take our order out front. We shrugged and said okay and placed our orders inside and waited. After handing off part of our meal, they told us they'd bring us the rest outside. Lol Come on, guys, make up your minds!
My friends got coffee plus egg and cheese bagel sandwiches - one with sausage and one without. Said they were good - sure looked it! I stole bites of my friend's sautéed spinach and garlic, which was delicious. Sooo garlicky! I just got a cup of hot Irish breakfast tea, which I dressed with honey, milk, and half n half. Perfect for the slightly-chilly morning!
The space inside was deceptively large, fairly quiet, and nicely-decorated. I could see myself studying quietly and comfortably for hours in the back room, mug of hot tea in hand. Doesn't seem likely, though, considering I'm neither a student nor a Philly resident! :)One of my favorite neighbourhood places. The staff learns your name, the coffee is good and they let you hang out as long as you like. I hate being rushed out.oh god, never mind. 
ordered a latte. got overcharged but didn't say anything. waited 10 minutes for the guy to figure out how to use my credit card. waited another 10 minutes for my drink. got the wrong drink (small instead of large, whole milk instead of soy). told the barista guys i had to catch the trolley (important appointment, but to be fair i had given myself a full 20 minutes at the cafe to get a drink), so could i get a refund instead? they couldn't figure out how to do that. now i'm out six bucks and i never even got my coffee. they were so mean about the whole thing that i feel embarrassed to go back there, and i feel like an idiot for throwing away money that i can't get back.
i guess i'll be going to the satellite instead from now on.I want to give The Gold Standard 3.5 stars, but I can't go up to 4. They have a great location in west Philly with some nice outdoor and indoor seating.  When approaching, I noticed a sign saying to walk in to see the host for outdoor seating.  We went inside to the counter but everyone kind of ignored us for a minute before telling us to just find a table outside.   
The servers were nice, though they seemed a bit unorganized since different people came up to ask us if we've been helped yet.  As for the food, I ordered an iced coffee and the potato chorizo hash.  The iced coffee was good, though I never got a chance to get another because the servers didn't stop by until the end.  The hash was very good.  It was a bit saucy and had man soft textures for my taste, but definitely had some nice flavors overall.Pretty much the only place in Philly to be your "Third Place" or whatever they call it on the menu.  The food is good, the coffee is good (to each their own, I suppose), and the service is quite friendly.  I can pony up with a laptop and not feel particularly pressured to "move along" like in so many laptop-hobo-hotels.  It has enough "white noise" to help me focus on my work but is quiet enough to have a conversation.  The food is local, and they respond to special requests quite well.
Despite what the others in here say, they do turn on their air conditioning when it's remarkably hot out, and I've never found it particularly uncomfortable (maybe some people like to eat in a refrigerator?).  And punctuation on a menu is really not enough motive for me to drop stars in a review unless it's atrocious.  Jussayin'.
In sum, this is a gem in WePhil, and in Philly at large.How has it taken me so long to review The Gold Standard? Living just a couple blocks away, I once upon a time was in the habit of stopping in here almost every morning for my daily caffeine supply.
The coffee is great. We all knew it would be.
The baked goods are pretty good, too. If you're like me and have a sweet tooth, this is a great place to go. The offerings change a little every day, but the standards that they have are consistently yummy. Raspberry Almond Bars make my day a little brighter.
The prices are a little bit higher than some of the other local coffee spots. But know why I'm willing to pay them? CREDIT CARDS! With no minimum. This is one of the few coffee shops I know of that takes cards, especially  in this area, which is great for those of us who often end up with nothing but loose change in our wallets.
And a nod to the service. Satellite (somewhat rightfully) gets flak for their less-than-friendly counter staff. Green Line can be slightly  hit or miss. But The Gold Standard has some of the most consistently friendly and attentive service around.The gold standard has really went down hill in the past few months. I'm not writing this after 1 bad experience, but a cumulation of 4 or 5 bad experiences. The first problem that I have is the availability of food. It seems every time I go there they are out of something that I want. So a few times they were out of bacon, bagels, tomatoes, and other "staples". Next is the service, this is where it really has went down hill. The first time, I was seated by the waitress and sat there for 30 minutes waiting for someone to take my order - all the while the waitress was waiting on other tables around me - I ended up walking out. Last week, after I was done eating and received my check, I waited again 30 minutes for the waitress to take my check. Finally I had to go and complain to her because I literally couldn't wait any longer.
This is really disappointing as I used to absolutely love the Gold Standard - now i'm no longer going to be a customer.Great place for breakfast or brunch, although they serve all day through dinner.  I tend to go here for brunch, though. Outdoor seating and wifi available.
The food quality is good, although at busy times, they can be inconsistent with regard to both food and service. 
My favorites include the huevos rancheros and the deluxe smoked salmon bagel with capers, cream cheese, tomato and cucumber. The breakfast bowl is also a nice option. Be sure to ask about their specials, though - sometimes it is a good option.
The owners are upstanding members of the community, and they are always donating food and services to nonprofits around Philadelphia. This gives them extra points in my book!Good food, great seating, especially with the outdoor options. I had the stuffed French toast. It was good but the raspberry is too much so I'd get it without next time. Nice meeting spot for hanging out with friends. Very artsy/trendy neighborhood.This was a 4.5 star place, now, it's a complete wreck.
The owners used to bake their own vegan, gluten free, and high quality baked goods. Now, it seems he kitchen buys low quality white flower goods from a wholesale distributor.
The head chef used to put so much love into the plates: amazing French toast, eggs, and so on...
Now, the French toast is fried white bread and the eggs are the lowest quality, and mine came out watery.
I hear the business was sold. It's aparent that the new owners value profit margins over food quality.
I hope that things change. I don't believe in patronizing businesses like this. 
Hope this helps.
The service is also much worse. The quality and love seems to have been sucked from this business.I dropped in quickly for a to-go coffee, and was greeted by super friendly staff! I didn't have much time to poke around to see what else they offer besides their coffee shop type options. The dining/sitting area is fairly small, but would be great for a quick bite. The outdoor patio is the best feature, and I was happy to share the space with a few guests and their adorable dog. I'll be happy to return soon for a more intentional visit!I'm actually shocked to see these other reviews because my experience here was rather pleasant.  
My boyfriend and I met my mom here for a Sunday brunch.  She arrived a few minutes before we did, and was offered a table without much delay.  I splurged on an orange juice, which was rather tall and tasted fresh.  I ordered a yogurt and granola parfait that I also liked.  It wasn't too sweet and the proportions were right.  My mom ordered a ham and lentil soup that was tasty, but very salty.  Next, all three of us ordered the quiche.  The server told us it was vegetable, and I was expecting/hoping for something with spinach/broccoli/peppers/onions, but it was really half mushrooms (big no-no for me) with a few green peppers here and there and some onions.  Probably my fault for being picky and not asking specifically what was in it, but I was disappointed nonetheless.  I did eat around them, and the quiche itself was pretty decent, except that the crust was a little drier than I like (and make).  I'm a sucker for the buttery ones, personally.  The more exciting half of the plate was occupied by a nicely sized salad with greens, cucumbers, and tomatoes (if there was anything else in it, I don't recall).  The dressing was tangy and was just the right amount.
The service was fine, as well.  And of course the interior is as beautiful as the building.  Complimentary art on the walls, and by my neighbor down the street as a nice surprise!
Overall, I wasn't floored, but I was quite satisfied.  I wouldn't be scared away by the reviews just yet.  There's always room for improvement, but the price is right to give it a try.The food quality seems to have gone down with the new ownership. If you order a bagel be prepared for the cream cheese on the side with barely enough for a half bagel.
*I lowered my rating to one star after seeing someone had already complained about the meager portions on a bagel with lox and cream cheese. It's pretty absurd and I am shocked they are still scamming people with these portions.The name has to be a joke! If you DON'T know anything about high quality ingredients, you would probably like this place. 
If you are a true foodie, this is not the place for you. The portions were small, and it's obvious that most of what they serve is frozen food. And they are definitely serving GMO's.
This place is for people who don't know anything about really good, high quality food.3.5 stars but rounded up to 4.
I finally got a chance to eat at this restaurant despite having lived just a few blocks away for years. After numerous failed attempts at other places to grab brunch during Christmas eve, a friend and I decided on The Gold Standard as they were open regular hours.
The set-up is kind of confusing; at first glance, the cafe looks like a grab and go place as it has just a few tables out in the front area, but then the cashier handed us some menus and led us to the back area which was surprisingly much more spacious than the front. It was cozy with the feel of dining in your friend's mom's place than a cafe.
We both settled in with cups of coffee (pretty good), and I got the yogurt parfait while my friend got a breakfast burrito. We decided to also share a side of banana pancakes. The food took much longer to come out than I would've liked, but our coffee was filled very frequently and I loved my yogurt parfait. The banana pancakes were fluffy and thick, which meant that one was enough to fill me up. I wish they had included more slices of bananas (there were only 4 tiny slices on top of the pancakes - but the banana is also included inside the batter), and overall the banana flavor was a little more subtle than I would've liked, but it still was good enough to hit our cravings.
The service was a little haphazard - looked like they were training a new server who kept bringing the wrong food to the wrong tables. It also took quite a bit of time to get our waitress's attention for the check, but she was very pleasant throughout our time there.
Overall, I can't say that I would return to The Gold Standard over other options in the area (I am very partial to Renata's), but I didn't find it to be as terrible as other reviews below make it out to be (but then again, I also have never gone to The Gold Standard before the ownership change so I cannot comment on how it's changed).I visit Philly maybe once a month and I always make it a priority to stop by. Friendly service, yummy food, refreshing drinks. It's always a win!I've been here several times for brunch, coffee, and dinner.  I generally am pretty happy with the food and prices.  The prices are reasonable for the neighborhood and the dinner prices are really reasonable.  The atmosphere in the dining room is fairly cozy.  The one complaint is the service seems uneven.  I've had to wait a long time for coffee and dessert at times because the server forgot about the order.  Overall, though, this is a good option especially for lunch/brunch or coffee.The falafel wrap was delicious.  Just right amount of spice. And the side salad was great.  I highly recommend for brunch here.Out of towner and was recommended this place while in West Philly. I give this a 3 for several reasons.
1. Food was good, I would give it a 4. Decent portion size and priced decently for where we were
2. Ambiance was adequate. Looks almost as a converted house into restaurant and had a decent vibe with cafe in front of dining room.
3. Service was slow. Looked to be understaffed as I counted maybe 2 waiters for the 10 tables.
4. Water cups were the size of shot glasses. They are smart to bring a liter to the table but was not a fan to fill my glass after every sip. 
Would I go here again? Maybe.I still love this spot, but its So out of my way..West Philly..But parking -When you get there is easy, all around-since its residential. Parked right in front. Meeting my brunch buddy. They serve Le Columbe coffee-which is always a plus,she got us on list for dining area, finally we got seated. We ordered the Croissant French Toast with Strawberry compoteand aside crispy bacon.. The owners & waiters are Still Not as attentive, still slow. Took couple trys to get my coffee refilled. Like the place , the dining area, puts up paintings of local artists which you can purchase so they change every so often. Love the eclectic feel. Getting there is pain, unless your local..nice spot to run in get your coffee or tea & quick Bite..Went there for dinner, was seated right away but was only given the menu for dinner specials and small plastic cups for water...Which was weird and annoying. We asked to see the regular menu that was posted at the entrance to the restaurant and ordered an iced coffee. Fifteen minutes later, no new menu in hand, our server returned, with no coffee and asked if we wanted to hear the dinner specials. When I asked again for the regular menu and reminded him about the coffee he snapped, "yeah, it's on its way." Ok. This place serves coffee to go, why does it take so long to pour some over a cup of ice?
The regular menu finally arrived 20-25 minutes after we had been seated. The waiter was talking to himself as he dropped it off, complaining about how busy the place was (it was under 50 percent full). When we placed our order (two hamburgers) we were informed that they were out of hamburger buns. We had a choice of sliced bread or a burger cut in half and shoved into a French roll...
Order placed, coffee finally arrived. The waiter didn't ask if we wanted milk or sugar and my husband finally went inside (we were seated outdoors) and served himself. Forty five minutes later, the burgers arrived. We had ordered them with fries which comprised, I am not exaggerating, 6-8 cold, oily sweet potato fries. Really cold, really oily. When we asked for mustard the waiter brought a new bottle to our table, proceeded to open the lid and tear the plastic off the top, nearly spilling mustard all over my husband, and then left the refuse (plastic wrapper, paper sealing the lid shut, etc.) on our table. And he was still muttering to himself (not making eye contact, offering apology, etc.), loudly, the whole time, complaining about how busy it was. Burgers were not medium rare as ordered but very overdone. The pickles that allegedly were included turned out to be a single slice of cucumber. And the server never returned to ask if we needed anything else.
Other people got up and walked out after waiting an hour+ for food that never arrived. I wish I had. A comically terrible experience.I came to this place about a year and a half ago and was sort of unimpressed but glad I came back.  The menu is so much better than it was as is the food itself. The vegan options are expanded, delicious and the service was great (Thanks Sarah!). Thanks so much for recognizing the need for more plant-based foods of higher quality.My friend and I went here for brunch.  I ordered the Chorizo Hash.  I would say it was so-so.  
It was a bit saucy for my taste, and not something I would order again.one of my favorites in the neighborhood.  i am giving it 5 stars for the quality / price / food / environment / and need for the neighborhood.  
this is the best type of cafe in the west philly / university city area.  i don't think it would stack up as well against all of these sorts of restaraunts in all of philly - but it is a 5 star spot in this area, and i enjoy it every time.
i usually get the reuban or chicken salad sandwich.  the coffee is also great.  try the chai tea latte.  
would highly recommend and will continue to frequent.Went for brunch this past Sunday. As one of the few places anywhere near Penn for brunch, I really wanted it to be a good experience. 
The decor was very nice, and the atmosphere bright and friendly. It took us a while to get seated (over 20 minutes), but we eventually got a spot in the cozy dining room in the back. 
Unfortunately, it was over an hour from the time we ordered to the time we got our food. On top of that, they got one of our orders wrong. The food was very good, and I appreciated that they try to get a little more creative with the typical brunch fare. (The breakfast cup is tasty.) However, the service really killed the experience. 
I'd like to try it again, because it has a ton of potential, and the food and the environment is solid.I've probably been here 100 times and while some of the meal options are pretty mediocre, but the space is perfect, the staff is unfailingly friendly, helpful, and accomodating, and the egg sandwich is the best in the city.The 2 star rating states, "Meh, I've had better". That pretty much sums it up. My main qualm has usually been with service when I eat there. There's always this rushed, "headless chicken" air about the entire staff when customers filter in. I have seen the owner or manager in the past acting the same. If you are dining in, it lays the foundation for a rather frazzled feeling eating experience. You can be busy, but confident. Staff are very nice and very polite, but service is always slow I would say due to server inexperience over volume ( i.e., treat the entire dining area are one table and work through it, have backup staff run food or get people's drinks), and also the headless chicken syndrome. Soups come out with meals ( so you should eat it quickly lest your hot food item become cold), drinks can also. Menu gets a tad bit tired, but the daily specials are decent. 
Breakfast qualm: they toast your bagel and will give you cream cheese on the side rather than making it up for you.. if you want a lox and bagel to go, you'll need to spend the time en route to work making it yourself since it's all separate in a box, or go hungry. Just a bit lazy per management. 
I would have given 3 stars, but the description for 2 just works perfectly. I will continue to come by on the occasion since it's convenient for lunch and can normally find street parking. But I'd just suggest that all the staff get their heads out of the sand and channel a new energy into this place.This place is alright, but it's hard to tell how good it really is because I attended with a large group. The service was slow, and it took a whole 30 minutes to get a cup of coffee! My belgian waffle was very tough like overcooked steak, but the flavor was good. The eggs and potatoes were pretty decent, though.Just plain disappointing. This is a great location that was (in my opinion) in need of the perfect cafe. So when Gold Standard opened I was absolutely thrilled. Unfortunately, it's just not very good. The food is mediocre and the service is really just flat out atrocious - to the point of it not being worth the effort and frustration of going there. I had heard disappointing reviews that said the same but figured the service really couldn't be all that bad. I was wrong.
I visited on a Sunday morning with a party of four. We decided to sit inside as the outside was full and it appeared it would be that way for a while. We sat in the back room which is a good size but unfortunately the windows don't seem to open so it became a little stuffy in there. We placed our orders (nothing too complicated) and started the easily 40 minute wait for our food. So 40 minutes is a really long time to wait for a couple of egg orders but that really isn't the issue I had with the service. I ordered a bagel with cream cheese, capers and tomatoes. The bagel came out about 10 minutes after we got there. About 10 minutes after that, we were able to hail down our waitress to ask why I had a (now cold) bagel but none of the toppings and why no one else had anything to eat. About 10 minutes after that my cream cheese shows up...but nothing else. You get the point. Eventually we got most everything and just gave up on anything else. The bill was missing a couple of items but after trying to hail down our waitress for an additional 10 minutes after the meal we finally gave up and paid the tab we were given and walked out.
On the plus side, the place is really quite cute and the outside seating is great if you can get a spot. I haven't had the coffee yet but I'm thinking that's probably the best bet of what to stick with in the future.Resisted going in here after a neighborhood meeting where block residents voiced opposition to having a restaurant on the corner. A year and a half later the Gold Standard proves not to be so much of a nuisance as an emblem of gentrification. The food? Had a tasty tiny overpriced spinach salad that could be made at home in less time than it took to arrive. This spot's main asset is that it's a nice place to sit, indoors or out, which you could probably manage without buying anything at all.Food is not great, nothing was hot when served and everything was a little underseasoned. Coffee is average at best, they don't really know how to make good espresso drinks.
Service was horrible. We had two different servers both coming over to our table repeatedly asking for our drink order and if we were ready to order food. They obviously weren't communicating with each other at all. One guy dropped the check book standing up in between my husband and I while we were still eating! There were other empty tables in the dining room so there was no reason to make us feel like we needed to rush out of there.
All it will take is one good cafe in west philly serving well made espresso drinks and great food and this place will be gone if it doesn't step up it's game.
Two stars because the atmosphere itself was fine and it's close to my apartment.Easter Brunch outside was enjoyable. Food was not bad and pretty cheap.Good to know there are brunch options in West Philly - does it warrant 4 stars? Given the dearth of viable options, I believe so. 
Now u probably won't be blown away by the creativity of the menu, but you will certainly be able to find a pretty decent list of breakfast/brunch items and sandwiches. They do have vegetarian/vegan options as well so everybody should be able to find something to order. 
I got the banana walnut pancakes with a side of chorizo sausage and a cup of la colombe coffee. Granted, $14 is certainly a little steep for this meal, but I would say that I was certainly happy with everything I ordered. 
The pancakes were good, with banana and walnut chunks in the pancakes themselves, accompanied with a maple syrup that was not overpowering sweet. For me, the chorizo sausage gave a hint of heat and enough salt to balance the pancakes, and the coffee was a perfect way to complement both the sweet and savory components of my brunch. 
Although we came at peak lunch hour on a Sunday, even though we were told we might need to wait 15 minutes for a table of four, we were seated nearly immediately afterward. Service was good and we were able to enjoy a our meal outside under the shade of our table umbrella. 
Will definitely keep Gold Standard Cafe in mind next time I'm in the mood for brunch!I have gone back a few times recently.  Dollar signs have returned to the menu and there are a couple of more reasonably priced items.I recently moved to an apartment three blocks from here and have been meaning to try their coffee for the longest time. I ended up having lunch in their dining room with a friend and it was great. The atmosphere in the back room is really nice and chill. I had the falafel wrap and it was delicious. I also had an espresso that was to die for. My friend had a cheeseburger with fries (heavy on the seasoning) and apple cider that he raved about. The cafe side is super cute and there is ample outdoor seating (perfect for dog owners!!). Planning on venturing here often for espresso while i do my schoolwork.I like the Gold Standard.  It's adorable, delicious, pretty cheap and has ample outdoor seating.  Chalk it up as another West Philly gem.  Favorite menu items include the modena salad, anything with hummus, and their specialty quiches/omelettes.  
The service can be kind of hit or miss.  The dining area inside is pretty cozy and full of a lot of neighborhood people.  Everyone knows each other.  
If you're in the area and want a quick, cheap bite then definitely check out the Gold Standard.  They also do a very reasonable catering menu.  We order it at our office pretty frequently.  Yum.I ordered a bagel with cream cheese and lox. The space cadet that works there literally hands me a bag with a bagel, a container of cream cheese, and a piece of lox wrapped in tissue paper. If I wanted to get separate ingredients I would have gone to the supermarket lol....this is no joke people! Don't go to work stoned if you can't handle it is all i'm sayin.Based on food i would give a higher rating, but unfortunately the service was so terrible that i cannot give more than a 1.  Six of us went here for brunch at 12:15 on a Sunday morning.  I'm not sure if we sat quickly because we made reservations or just because we got lucky.  After ordering we waited over an hour for our food... we had to go inside and buy a couple donuts to hold us over while we waited! There were other tables who had the same idea. While we realize that it was not the waitress' fault that our food took so long, we still expected some sort of apology, but got none.  The eggs on the huevos rancheros were still raw and we sent them back to cook a little longer... 15 minutes later the guy who was waiting for his eggs, got up and went to find his own eggs since our waitress didn't seem to care.  After we mentioned to the owner how disappointed we were with the poor service, our waitress half-heartedly apologized. 
Our other food was pretty good, but not worth the hour plus wait. And the owner gave us "coupons" which expired in August (but we promptly used anyway).
I wish i could give this place a higher rating, but i'm sorry to say i won't be back.OK, so Gold Standard is right around the corner from my apartment and at this point is a couple of things to me. 
1) A place for a quick coffee and a bagel when I forgot to go grocery shopping and need something on my way out the door.  This is fast and delicious, staff is nice, remembers my order.  Negative: when I'm in a hurry and jumping on the trolley, I'd prefer my bagel with cream cheese already spread.  Note: chive cream cheese is homemade instead of just Philly store bought.  
2) A nice little brunch place where you can BYO cheap champagne (liquor store is a block away) and they'll give you OJ... Brunch is always solid.  Weekends can be a little hectic, but probably because they have homemade doughnuts on weekends... 
3) Quiet place to study.  Oh, how I adore their back dining room in the middle of the day when it is nearly abandoned as a place to sit and quietly do work.  Bonus if there is a fire in the fireplace. 
4) Place to go for a delicious baked good.  I've never met a Gold Standard dessert I didn't like. 
Takeaway message: solid, friendly staff, great baked goods, strong coffee, and the $6 scrambled egg bowl is a steal!Good place to work and study. However food is average. I had the spinach, cheddar, and sausage quiche with side salad ($8.50). It was tasty but room temperature, overpriced, and I was left hungry. Just how I feel in general about all their food. 
Nice service and they let you work in the dining area if there aren't too many customers.
Front area is also great for working although the the Internet at times is slower.This morning we decided to have a family breakfast. As soon as we got there the waiter "Cara" asked if we were sitting outside with an attitude no hello, welcome, nothing...then added because it's a full service when you sit outside. We said "yes", from there the service was very poor, she was passive aggressive and not amicable at all. She didn't ask if everything was ok, if we needed anything else...Then I started noticing people buying their food and coffees from inside and sitting outside, however "Cara" didn't jump on them, as she did we us, to tell them this is a full service area and they cannot sit outside, oh bty we were the only black family. The waiter had a very nice attitude with the rest of the customers sitting outside. I usually don't want to associate, automatically, this type of behavior to the race issue (but it is). Let's say today "Cara" had a bad day, didn't feel like coming to work ;). The food was ok. Before we left the place I did ask "Cara" how come she didn't tell the customers about the full service. She didn't know what to say then said yes they aren't supposed to, not a very convincing answer. We will not go back to that place.I live around the corner so I often come here for brunch or the occasional nicer dinner. Great coffee and food. Honestly, they can be super slow --at all times--not just during rush time. But, they are truly a neighborhood treasure and you should check it out.
So, why am I just now writing a review of them after 2 years of solid patronage? 
I ate there last week and instead of my usual waffle cup or tofu scramble (which are delightful), I went for the banana walnut pancakes. And hot damn, they are THE BEST pancakes I have ever eaten. Not too sweet, huge chunks of walnuts and banana. I don't even know how they get them that fluffy, but I would seriously pay for that recipe. 
Gold Standard: Please never ever take these off the menu. I love you.Gold Standard serves up a decent brunch. Between my friends and I, we've had most of the dishes on the brunch menu. Pretty tasty, but nothing really stuck out. I've heard good things about the eggs benedict, and my egg scramble was pretty good.
It's also a long wait sometimes. A really, really, really long wait.
So you can count on Gold Standard for a good breakfast. The ambiance is good. The food is alright but pricey, so I wouldn't say it's worth a wait.Went here on a whim on Sunday morning with my boyfriend for brunch, and we had a very good time. We waited a little bit for outside seating, which was completely worth it given the nice weather and the fantastic corner for people watching. I decided to order the huevos rancheros (over-easy eggs, tomato-red bean chile sauce on corn tortilla with guacamole, sour cream, and roasted potatoes), and my boyfriend decided to order the deluxe bagel (two bagels with smoked salmon, cucumber, tomato, red onion, capers, and cream cheese). The food might have taken a while to come out and the service might have been a little slow, but I honestly couldn't tell because we were enjoying people watching so much. Our food was good, not exceptional, but it was reasonably priced and good quality (and for brunch, that's usually what I want). We're rarely in West Philly, but we would probably come back given the large outdoor seating area and proximity to Clark Park.Tried this place out a couple months ago when I moved to this area of West philly. To begin, it has a nice looks and feel. Corner shop on narrow street with really beautiful outside eating area. My two biggest gripes are 1) the limited menu and 2) the lack of seating with back support.
When I say limited menu I mean that there are not any fancy specialized meals or sandwiches that you can get here that nowhere else has. It's just basic breakfast food.
For the seating, the cafe is split in two: a regular come in order at the counter and then find a seat to eat and work, which maybe has room for 12 people max, and a sit down and order from a waiter section with much more seating. The first place, of those 12 seats only half have back support, the rest are stools, which is less than ideal for studying or long term working.Waffle bowl the is perfect hangover remedy. Go early and sit at the counter, people watch and wake up slowly before the crowds come.Came here for lunch for Registered Dietitian Day. We all loved it! We ordered the dips and pita for an appetizer. I had the hummus wrap and it was good, light and crisp. Our server was attentive and very friendly. I'll be back.This place never really jazzed me. While the menu seems exciting the food frequently is only good. Uninspired dishes. The bean dip appetizer is fine the chopped beef is only so so.I'm surprised this place doesn't get more love from Yelpers... I went there a couple of weeks ago for an early dinner, and was very satisfied.  We sat outside, which was great.  Not crowded, good people watching. The menu is a little weird, at least for dinner-- they have a bunch of things on there, and then it says something like "ask your server for quiches, salads, burgers, etc."  So I felt a little weird asking the waitress to tell me everything else that wasn't on the menu.  
I had a vegetable orzo dish that was really delicious.  It wasn't the best thing I'd ever had, but I left feeling really satisfied and healthy about it.  There were a bunch of veggie options on (and off) the menu. It's also a BYOB, which is always a plus.  I would definitely go back!My go-to Cafe whenever I'm in the Clark Park area or getting my hair cut at Talking Headz! They have a front room that's more of a classic coffee shop and a back room that serves as the restaurant portion. Both are excellent, and I always bring out-of-town friends here to catch up and experience a little bit of charming west philly.We're regulars here.  The food tastes good, they use seasonal ingredients, the wait staff are (mostly) cheerful and knowledgeable about the menu, prices are fair and reasonable, and the guys who own it, Vince and Roger, have a long-time presence in and commitment to our neighborhood.   It's just what you want a local spot to be - friendly, clean, tasty, straightforward down-home cooking (with some occasional flair and adventure), and the ever-changing art exhibits on the walls, which Roger and Vince make available to local artists and organizations.   Bring a bottle of wine and eat an affordable, tasty dish and you'll be happy.This place was a recommendation from a friend. I was less than thrilled with the three star Yelp rating, but upon eating here, it goes to show that ratings are all relative. I had a great experience here and would definitely come back!
My friend and I stopped in around 1 on a Sunday. Parking was tricky, but on Sundays it's free, and we found a spot within close walking distance. This place is split in two- the front is a casual order-at-the-counter cafe, and the back is a staffed restaurant. Both areas are small, but the space is utilized in a way to maximize seating without making it feel cramped. We were initially quoted a 30 minute wait, but we sat on some stools in the front and were called in less than 10 minutes. 
The special brunch menu is about twenty items, but they also offer their normal breakfast and lunch options, as well as many a la carte choices. There are quite a few vegan and vegetarian options, which bodes well for friends of mixed dining requirements. I chose the crab cakes benedict, my friend ordered a blueberry pancake and veggie sausage patty a la cart. 
I was nervous when my plate arrived because the crab cakes looked like sausage patties - flat. However, the eggs were cooked perfectly, the hollandaise sauce was the perfect amount, and all of the components of dish meshed well together. I had no issues polishing the plate. My friend's blueberry pancake looked amazing - it was at least a half inch thick, fluffy, and made with plump fresh blueberries both within the pancake and on top. We both left with happy tummies. Their prices are about what you'd expect, a little more than a hole in the wall diner but nothing that would break the bank. I'm definitely keen to come back and try some of their specialty coffee drinks and baked goods.I really like this place. They have good coffee and don't mind if you hop on the wireless for a while, even if you've just ordered something small. (At least, on the weekdays.) The staff is friendly. It's tiny, but as long as you get there at a non-rush time, it's fine.2 years so far and going strong, yes, of course i like this place ;)  The prices are great and there is a wide range of healthier non pizza place food, the people that work there are the nicest people and their outdoor area is great for a date on a nice warm night with some candle light and a bottle or 2 (byob - wine store 2 minutes away)  Brunches are always busy and the hustle and bustle really make you feel part of the city to get your day going on a Sat. or Sunday, that and the never disappointing La Colombe Coffee refills that keep a'coming!  Sure there is room for improvement, and we look forward to watching this place evolve!Went here on a sunday after noon.  it was almost a 30 minute wait. staff was on the slow side but they were friendly. They have outdoor seating available. kinda got a hipster vibe. brunch ended at 2. they said they ran out of the flank steak brunch dish. the parmesan wings were ok. The chorizo hash was on the salty side. overall, it was around the area and it looked like the best option available. I might come back to try to breakfast menu.This place is very underrated. I have been to their brunch twice and dinner twice. Both were delicious! My favorite brunch item is the shrimp and grits and for dinner, the chicken macaroni and cheese is mmmm SO GOOD! The catfish and the quinoa salad are also great. You should totally check them out. AND it's a BYOB.I've been this place twice and every time I go I received stale pastry...... well thanks to that I discovered that I like my Danish crispy and old so.. I guess that worked out?
Their coffee is really good and their other breakfast menu are fairly good. I would say there isn't anything too special about this place tho..... just coffee!I've been here a couple of times for their cafe menu, and I have to say I'm not really a fan. The service is slow and extremely inattentive, and the prices are average. Which would be okay, if the food weren't so boringly mediocre. It's seriously not good. From a place called "Gold Standard", I expect better. I can make these sandwiches myself at home, and not only would they taste better, I wouldn't need to pay $9+tip and tax. 
Maybe their brunch is better? I hope for their sake that it is.Dear Owners, 
There is a reason that your other restaurant, Abbracio, had no business.  There is a reason that the reviews for the Gold Standard receives constant, terrible reviews.  You simply are not good at running a restaurant. 
Please stop torturing West Philadelphia with your sub-par food and service.This was my go-to place in Philly for about 2-3 years and I just went this week and was so disappointed. The whole place looks different so it's possible that they are under new ownership. 
I ordered and omelette, a side of chorizo and coffee. The omelette was nothing special - it was fine enough. The coffee was cold. The chorizo was over cooked.  
The vibe is ok - older, cozy house. However, the changes since my last visit make the place look dull - it's all very white in color. 
Lastly, they took the hot sauces off the tables!  There used to be a selection on the tables!It's crazy that last night was my first time at the Gold Standard considering that I've been living here for some time. I ordered the cheese burger with fries and it was pretty good. Service us great as well.  I Wil def be coming backCame here w a friend on a Sunday morning after being denied at Dock Street.  I hadn't eaten brunch here before and the prices were pretty modest.  The host was lowkey and not at all pushy, which I liked.  Our dishes (3 egg omelet and Belgian waffle w fresh fruit + side of Chorizo sausage), while not ginormous portions, were filling and tasty.  Service was mediocre, but pleasant.I went to this spot back in February. I remember walking away thinking "This was the best brunch I ever had" but for some reason (probably because of how full I was) I did not write a review for it then. This past weekend I was in Boston and someone told me that while I was there I had to go to the best brunch spot ever. I went there, and it was "good", but it just did not come close to the hearty, flavor packed meal I got in Philly. Still when I think of the best brunch spot ever, I think of The Golden Standard. I will be back one day!Great little neighborhood eatery.  Great atmosphere, really good food, mostly good service.  The prices are a touch high by pure take-out food standards, but if you want someplace local to grab a bite and relax, Gold Standard can't be beat.  
There's a small self-service room up front for a quick bite, and then a (not entirely obvious) roomy space in the back for a full meal with waiter/waitress service.   Last but not least, on nice days they add a sidewalk cafe section in front!I love the location and the decor. This is such a nice spot to sit outside in the summer, and the dining room is tastefully decorated in a homey-but-not-kitschy way. Those are the reasons that I occasionally venture in, despite the fact that the food is boring and the service is not very good.
I've had brunch here a few times, breakfast a couple of times, and dinner once. I never had a meal that I found impressive or even interesting. The tofu scramble is okay. The yogurt/fruit parfait is boring but reliable and not overly sweet, though it could use more fruit. When I had dinner here, I ate a portobello napoleon thing with polenta. It was (no surprise) okay. It was very small for the price, though, and I didn't leave full.
The service is what annoys me the most about this place and keeps me from coming back often. I often feel like I really need to work to get a server's attention for a coffee or water refill. I often feel like the waitstaff think I'm a burden if I'm ordering something small in the dining room, even if the place is pretty empty. When I had dinner there, I was with a party of 7, and we were laughing and chatting at what I thought was a fairly normal volume -- we were in no way raucous or annoying. There were only two other parties in the dining room, and both were at the other end of the room. Yet someone (the owner?) came over to the table and made a snarky remark about our noise before saying 'just kidding, we're happy to have you here'. It was very awkward and strange.Make reservations if you intend on going for breakfast, brunch or lunch. 
BYOB. Majority of the seating is behind the counter.
I had the potato cake salmon which was great. It's the lovechild of eggs Benedict and lox but with a potato cake in lieu of the bagel/English muffin. Essentially, the potato cake is mashed potatoes formed into a patty and fried on the griddle. So simple, yet genius. It is a bit crowded so best avoided if you do not do well with crowds/tight quarters.As a resident of the neighborhood, I was anxiously awaiting the Gold Standard's opening.  I have been there a few times now, and while the food is pretty standard-ly okay, the service is always spotty.  The people are perfectly nice, but it seems like there is always some miscommunication or confusion behind the counter that results in our food taking forever, or coming out wrong.
The coffee is really good though, and bagels are the best in West Philly.  I'd recommend it for sitting outside and enjoying a light breakfast or a cup of gelato.The food was fantastic, and the servers were pretty dang nice.
I was a little apprehensive given how many poor reviews I saw on Yelp regarding the service, but really everything was great. They brought back water refills very regularly and the food could have come out a little quicker, but it wasn't by any means anything I'd call slow. And they were super-nice to my 2 year old daughter. 
Someone who seemed to be the owner was very polite and offered to move our group of seven if we found our corner too small, which we didn't, it was just fine. 
We're ready to head back, especially given how close it is (1 block from our house).I am sad to read so many horrible experiences of others because I absolutely love the food here. I keep it simple with eggs sausage pancakes and potatoes... If all that came in a platter instead of having to order it a la carte... This could definitely be 5 stars.  The coffee is absolutely amazing and I can taste the freshness in all the food.
I go here on my saturdays off with girlfriends and when busy the wait is ridic but what makes it so bad is that the employees don't seem thrilled about life. I get it, Ive worked in the service industry but I have yet to have a server "wow" me. Also once seated, it takes unusually long for a server to make it to my table. 
The dining room does get loud but I blame other peoples lack of table manners. Overall food 5 stars. Service 3 stars. Doesn't that average out to a pretty 4?We went for a Valentine dinner. 
the soup was great and that 's where it ended, Alot of the food on the menu was not there.Told "the shippment didn't come in."The service was terrible..Other customers walked out. We were not that smart.The owner came over a made some excuses but these were not acceptable. I truly wanted to like this place but I would never go back.As a huge sucker for outdoor seating, I was pleased when we were able to grab a sidewalk table right when we showed up around 11am last Sunday. Its location on a big, confusing five-corner intersection means a great street-watching opportunity....a parade of hoopties, handsome bicycles, and dog-walkers.
The coffee is good -- not great, but strong and satisfyingly acidic. My tofu scramble was decent, especially for the price ($4). The host was very friendly but a little harried. Same goes for the waitress -- maybe this has something to do with how the cafe is organized, with the distance between the indoor and outdoor seating areas. Overall, it definitely feels recently-opened, and I agree with what other reviewers have written about the cafe needing to work out the kinks...but it's a solid brunch, friendly staff, and a great intersection.LOVE this place.  Delicious, unique food.  Very Vegan friendly.  Very reasonable prices (I got plenty of filling breakfast for $6).  Nice outdoor seating and a nice inside--beautifully restored old home.  Staff is very friendly and great about refilling your coffee.I enjoyed but not my favorite place to eat... I do go back fit the home made donuts, they are great, do try...Its the little details that make a place stand out.  And Gold Standard pays attention to the little details.  They put both marshmallows *and* whipped cream on my hot chocolate.  This is the most fabulous idea ever.  Marshmallows AND whipped cream.  Seriously?  Why doesn't everyone do this.  It never occurred to me before that hot chocolate could have both.  And now I feel ridiculously dumb.  
In addition the the brilliant hot chocolate, the coconut cream pie was utterly fantastic.  And the local art on the walls was both nice and fairly reasonably priced (I'm seriously thinking of going back and buying some of it).  If their service was more reliably good, this would be a five star place.this food is sub par! the owner lady with the short curly hair is the coldest, most non welcoming woman ever! No wonder they can't keep a restaurant open for more than a few years. I got a turkey club that was bland, overpriced, and downright disappointing. For an appetizer, my partner got the shrimp with aoli which was straight mayonnaise. there really is no reason to go here--except for the delicious La Colombe Coffee.Food was only OK (some of it was good, but the guacamole we were served had actually gone bad and the server came back and said that the rest of the kitchen staff had tried it and it was fine - actually arguing with one of the people from our party even though my friend had not asked for a replacement or anything - just had wanted to alert the staff in case they planned on serving any more of that batch to other customers) and the service was terrible. . . will not be going back.Wanted to like this place but have been disappointed twice already. Has potential and concepts to strive for; that is, nice patio and indoor space, vegan and veggie-friendly menu, relatively friendly servers. However, first time, food was too salty and the second time, little diversity of bagels and breakfast sandwiches. Had a plain bagel with PB and J and thought better food at better prices was readily readily available within a short distance. Please do better---I want you to do better.I'm a little surprised that the average review for this place is so negative -- I love it here! I live a block away and this is the requisite place to bring my parents when one of them comes to visit.
I've been for brunch and lunch and both have been great -- good service, good food, super reasonable prices. I love the potato buckwheat pancakes, and their french fries are really, really good (hand-cut!). If you're in the neighborhood, definitely go! If I didn't live a 1 minute walk away, I'm not sure I'd love it quite as much, but I still recommend it for good service and bright, nice ambiance.I want to give this place 2.5 stars because of the vegan fritters (see below) but in this case, I'm rounding down. Damn you, Yelp, and your fear of fractions.
I went here with a friend for brunch a few Sundays ago. As already mentioned, this place has a great location and I very much enjoyed our outdoor seating. They were relatively busy but we were immediately seated, which was nice; however, overall the service sucked. They brought us coffee in paper cups and tiny plastic cups for water. Annoying. Our food probably took 30+ mins to be served. That was okay considering I was with a very good friend, but I was a bit peeved nonetheless. How long does it take to slice and heat up a frickin' piece of quiche?
The quiche itself was fine. A little lukewarm, but tasty enough. The side salad was probably more interesting with some cherry tomatoes and a decent dressing. My friend had the vegan fritters (I forget exactly what they were called) which were actually quite tasty and out of the ordinary. I'd recommend them.
What really irked me about the meal was that when we finally got the check, it took about 10-15 minutes to bring us $4 in change. HELLO. How long does it take to withdraw four bills out of a register? I was so ticked off by that inane delay that I left a crappy tip and swore to never return. They need to come up with a new name because nothing of my experience suggested any sort of gold standard...Dropped by this appealing neighborhood cafe for some morning fuel.  I got an iced mocha and was pleasantly surprised that my AmEx card was cheerfully accepted.  There was plenty of indoor and outdoor seating.  I opted for outdoor.  It's a very enjoyable setting with great people watching and it's convenient to the 34 trolley line too.  Service was friendly and laidback, a good vibe.  It seemed an even better choice a few minutes later when I walked by Satellite and was accosted by evil looks from the folks in black sitting outside.  :)Undoubtedly the best cafe on Baltimore Avenue! It offers a great ambiance with both indoor and outdoor seating options, perfectly brewed coffee, and delicious yet incredibly healthy sandwiches, burgers, and salads. And yes, it offers free Wifi and is BYOB!!!Staff are always great! And it's BYOB, so a quiet dinner in the back dining area with a group of friends and a couple bottle of wine make for a perfect, peaceful evening. 
Food is great - some portions are a bit small - but for the most part delicious!I stopped by for brunch around noon on Saturday with my boyfriend. There is a cafe area in front where you can order at a counter, then sit at a table. There's also a dining room in the back that's more restaurant-style. If you're going to the dining room, wait at the end of the counter. The atmosphere is nice and cozy, everyone was very friendly, and service was timely, though prices were a little on the high side. There is also outdoor seating.
Breakfast options are available during brunch as well, though they aren't listed on the brunch menu. I ordered the tofu scramble, which comes with toast and roasted potatoes. Originally, I ordered the quiche, but the server returned within a few minutes to say it wouldn't be ready for another hour or so. My boyfriend ordered the pancake platter and coffee. Ice water was provided in a jug as soon as we sat down.
Overall, I was disappointed by my meal. The tofu scramble took up less than a quarter of the plate; the rest was filled with potatoes and two triangles of toast. No ketchup came with the potatoes (though I'm sure they would have brought some if I'd asked). The tofu scramble itself was on the salty side, and I didn't like the texture of the corn. The overall flavor was okay. The potatoes were pretty good, but could've had more crunch. The toast was also fine, though I found it a bit odd that they had a pack of butter on a vegan plate. 
The pancakes came with butter and syrup. The syrup was of pretty good quality (maple syrup costs extra). The two pancakes were pretty large, fluffy, and pretty yummy. Servers also came around to refill the coffee.
When we stopped by around noon the next day to get some work done in the cafe area, there was a pretty long line of people waiting to be seated in the dining area. There isn't much room, so many of them waited around in the cafe area, making things very crowded. It's not a bad atmosphere to work in, though it was a little on the dark side. We got a cheesecake cupcake to share, which was topped with cream cheese frosting and some chocolate shavings. I really enjoyed it--it had a great texture and sweetness level.
Overall, a good location for nearby residents and a nice place to hang out or eat a nice meal.I've stopped in for a breakfast sandwich and coffee on the go before (well sort of- everything takes a while here apparently) but today had my first dining-in experience for Sunday brunch. Where to begin... We ordered our coffee and beverages 3 times until someone finally brought them. Part of the problem here may be that they seem to be using the "team approach" where there are multiple servers helping each table. When the coffee did come it was so strong that we quickly emptied our cream pitcher and refilled it ourselves at the coffee take-out area in order to make it drinkable. Then our food started coming in spurts, first came the meats. I did not eat these, as I would consider myself a vegetarian, but others in my party found them to be very gamy and actually raw in the middle. Next came two main dishes (out of three). Omlette and potatoes were decent. French toast was ok, but the promised extra syrup never made it to the table and my side of eggs was unusually flavorful and salty- turns out that's how the gamy meat tasted- remember the vegetarian part- ew.  Then while we scarfed down our food, which took a very, very long time to come, our third entree was still coming, two servers checked on us and finally, as we finished our plates, the third entree arrived. Today I was very disappointed by both food and service and although I had previously enjoyed my egg sandwiches, I don't think I will be going back as I am now skeeved that they seem to cook everything in meat fat.  I was excited to have Gold Standard in the neighborhood and hopeful of more West Philly brunch options (will be sticking with Rx) but am quite disappointed.The food is fresh and delicious, but over priced. The employees are unfriendly...I go there everyday (for about the past 6 months) for a morning coffee and the employees look at me like they've never seen me before. You would think they would want to have a better connection with their regulars. 
The only reason I continue to go back is for the convenience and good coffee.I've biked past this place a bunch of times, all on my way to other eating establishments :-X!
I was finally led here the other day, and it's pretty good! They have really interesting menu items (banana walnut crepes!) as well as your standard cafe fare. 
My only gripe is that the portions are kind of small for what you're paying. I got a tuna melt that came with a side salad for $8, and it was only one slice of bread cut in half and like 6 pieces lettuce. And radishes. Who even likes radishes?
Regardless, I want to come back to try some of their other choices. Maybe when I get a real job.I really enjoyed my visit to this place. I got a coffee and sat for a bit with my computer - it was quiet - sort of deserted, but nice. I like being able to sit outside and by the windows. I can't speak to the food, but overall, quite satisfied.