I am not known for favorable restaurant reviews.  Most of them below my radar.
The Love is different.  
  We had a Father's Day lunch that was exceptional.
There is little left off the menu and we were hard pressed to make a choice from the wonderful selections listed.  Our waiter was professional and accommodating.  Lovely atmosphere, light and bright.  I was amazed that the inside of my omelet was HOT. A little surprise thrown in with my Potatos..........roasted peppers, and onions.
Greens on every plate. Mine had warm spinach salad as well. My husband had the Belgium waffles made with corn meal and garnished with Blueberry butter.  They use our favorite La Columbe coffee.
Nothing left to wish for.This is an excellent restaurant, and an excellent addition to the neighborhood around Rittenhouse. We dined here last night, and were very happy. The ambiance and interior design are top notch. It's very impressive how the space has been transformed from the previous tenant. The food was outstanding, which is unsurprising considering the chef's pedigree. We had two lovely cocktails and a whole fish that was perfectly cooked along with a terrific short rib play on stroganoff. The only reason I'm not giving five stars is that those cocktails and two entrees ended up costing $140. The Love is really good, but it's also surprisingly expensive. Entrees are priced in the $30-$40 range and appetizers and pastas are not far behind. The Love bills itself as a neighborhood restaurant, and it would be, perhaps, the platonic ideal of that if the prices dropped by a third. As is, it's as expensive as any non-tasting menu restaurant in Philly. Is that worth it when you can eat for less up the block at Vernick, etc? I'm not totally sure. I'll definitely be back, and I hope the menu prices find an equilibrium with the awesome vibe and food--I'd love to make it a real regular haunt.I recently took my Father to The Love to celebrate his birthday and Father's Day! When I made my reservation, I made a note of those celebrations and upon being greeted by the hostess that was the first thing they addressed with my sweet Papa! 
The ambience is really hip, and it's a fairly intimate setting. We were seated in their booth style cushioned seats which was very comfortable. I am a booth girl all the way!
I ordered he shrimp and grits with baby buttermilk biscuits and my Dad ordered the catfish and hush puppies in his true southern style. Can we talk about those biscuits?! So delicious. Words cannot express why I ate 5 of them in one sitting. The shrimp and grits were great, and that's coming from someone who NEVER eats grits. My Dad was less impressed with the catfish and hush puppies, but that's coming from someone who was born and raised in the South. I tried the hush puppies as well and they paled in comparison to the biscuits. 
Our server was very sweet and fairly attentive given the packed restaurant. For the total experience I would return. If I want truly amazing southern food (despite their menu) I would go elsewhere.Farm to table done right! Glad Dandelion was packed so we discovered this. The food was very flavorful, the fresh ingredients really popped. We had Saturday brunch, will definitely return to try the regular menu.This is a great new addition to the Philadelphia restaurant scene! The Brussels sprouts were perfect! We had a delicious special of the day which was this Asian tofu dish! There is a sommelier on staff and they've got caught an exhaustive list of wines and other alcohol. This is a perfect place for a fancy date or special occasion and it's perfect located in the heart of center city!Snooty, noisy and expensive. Food is ok and location is good but the staff are snobs ( hard to fathom why ) and the acoustics make for uncomfortable l veld of noise.
Not with it.The ambiance is definitely the best part of the restaurant.  It's a very social, but intimate vibe, with an excellent drink menu.  The cocktails are a bit sweet for my taste.  The tables are a little too close together for my taste, but there's a nice buzz to the restaurant.  The food was good.  It wasn't stellar.  And at that price, especially in Philadelphia (where there are really amazing restaurants), it should be better.  The brussell sprouts are heavy and delicious.  The salmon tartare left much to be desired.  The salmon latke dish was good, but there was nothing interesting about it.  Ultimately, it was a good date spot, but nothing to write home aboutI cannot say enough good about The Love. You feel the love. The food is delicious and well presented. Our server Sophie was a delight. This was our second visit and we will return. I recommend the crudités, fried chicken (a must), ravioli and whatever dessert they are offering,Overall great experience, vibe, location and atmosphere. 
Great service and food
Bread should be included - not extra
Poke was very good - but should be tuna. 
Cheese plate was great
Fried chicken - very good- but not the best I've ever had, moist and delicious though, jalapeno grits tasty, collard greens very good
Strogranoff was good- meet a little dry, could have been a little more flavorful
Overall deserts were a let down- mousse was ok, cookie tray average- only saving grace was the caramel/toffee, carrot cake sunday- meh. 
Lastly - everytime they brought a course they gave the plates and drinks to the wrong person- I'm sure this will improve with time
Wine list decent - but way over priced.
We will return- and I'm sure some of these things will improve.My boyfriend and I tried The Love for the first time Saturday evening of Memorial Day Weekend. The city is usually pretty empty on holiday weekends - but Love was still packed. Nothing on the menu really spoke to me as something I just had to have, but he had really been wanting to try this place. I"m glad I listened! We started with the duck salad - fantastic! We had the lobster spaghetti and the crab pasta special as entrees - both good but the lobster spaghetti was the winner. We also finished with a cheese plate and the cookie tray - I was skeptical that a cheese plate could be $20 good, but it absolutely was! Definitely a pricier dinner - but all high quality ingredients and worth the money. Good service as well - paced the different courses well and check on us just enough. Will definitely be back!Our server was wonderful! she was attentive, sweet, knowledgeable of the food and its preparations. This place operates like clockwork.  The host was welcoming and the support staff was attentive and aware what was going on around them.  Staff gets a 5 star or (Starr)..lol
Now lets talk about the food. First off, our meals were not bad. They were average.  They did however, lack flavor.  It might sound strange to say this, but our food and the space lacked identity. I feel like all Starr restaurants are known to have an identity and the food reflects that identity. This was definitely a weak point. This place was "good" but not what I assumed a Starr restaurant would be about.  We did attend there brunch a few time and thought it was very good, our meals at dinner were uneventful and a little  disappointing.First of all the interior is nice, really intimate. If you get a chance check out the upstairs lounge that overlooks the street!
SO, to the food... We started with the Poke. I thought it was pretty good, a lot of interesting textures and bites but a little to acidic. The hazelnut and ricotta ravioli though blew my socks off. Only came with 5-6 of them but they were fantastic and rich.
For an entree we shared the Salmon with artichokes, and potatoes. Though I heard the Fried chicken is a marquee item, I felt in the mood for something slightly healthier. The broth served underneath the salmon was delicious and the salmon itself was cooked to perfection. I wish it came with crostini's or something to soak up that tasty garlic-clam broth!
Definitely need to come back and try new dishes AND for brunch. The ricotta ravioli and Salmon are 'must-gets'.Very much enjoyed a business lunch at The Love. The hush puppies and biscuits with their respective spreads were especially tasty, and, after consulting with our server, I was very happy with the burger, which was served a perfect medium on a potato bun that stayed together even though the burger was juicy and included a "special sauce" (aioli). The kale risotto looked terrific, too. Would definitely return for lunch!Finally made it here on an empty stomach and wasn't disappointed! 
I ordered the Parker house rolls (the bread was just okay but the chive butter was insane), torched broccoli (literally broccoli w hot sauce so felt odd for $8 but was tasty), and the pappardelle with brisket (amazing). 
Overall I left stuffed and pretty pleased with the quality of food. My wallet wasn't as ecstatic but eh, whatever.Fantastic! Attended opening night with a group of five ready to eat and drink. We were not disappointed. Will definitely be back.Very pretty restaurant. Great drinks. Went for brunch. Had fruit plate, omelette, lox plate and lemon poppyseed pancakes. Everything was well prepared. Pancakes were the best overall, omelette was good but last on this list. Very solid brunch option.I tried this place for the first time recently for my fiancées birthday .. We both liked it very much .. The place was very nice .. The food was fantastic .. We started with the duck salad and rolls, the duck was cooked perfectly, the butter that came with the rolls was tasty ..  For the main courses I tried the short rib stroganoff which is really a must try, and my fiancée had the veal lasagna .. Both were amazing and the meat was cooked very well .. For the dessert we had the salted chocolate slice and the pucker up citrus .. Both very good .. I highly recommend the place, especially for dates and would definitely go back there again ..The Love is a perfect example of what two people can do. Aimee Olexy of Talula's Garden fame and Stephen Starr pair up to bring us this amazing new edition to the regions culinary scene. 
The decor is minimal yet cozy highlighted by the arched brickwork in the ceiling. The cocktails are lovingly prepared. I highly recommend the $20.00 Manhattan. A custom made over proofed rye made specifically for The Love is the standout ingredient in this perfect Manhattan. 
The food, not surprisingly, is well executed and was absolutely delicious. I enjoyed every bite of my Farmers Salad, Roasted Brussels Sprouts, and my Acorn Squash with red sauce and burrata. We finished off the evening with the Chocolate Slice and the Cookie Plate which paired very well with my glass of vintage port. I loved The Love!Lovely setting. Gorgeous really!  Great drinks. 
$32 for 4 scallops on a puddle of red cabbage.  Not worth it. 
SO LOUD YOU WANT to RUN SCREAMING FROM THE PLACE!!!!
Waitress was Victoria. She was fantastic. 
Perhaps better at lunch or in summer with open windows?Great vegetarian entrees. Definitely recommend the crudité appetizer. Warm aesthetic.I had the short rib and had a taste of the sautéed scallops from my wife's dish along with sharing the cheese platter. It was deliciousLove-ly food and attentive service. I had a strawberry puree cocktail, which was very refreshing, a fried duck leg with a cabbage salad and charred peaches, which was utterly good, a risotto (Pecorino cheese, black kale, Meyer Lemon rind, and fried kale - delicious, albeit too salty due to a generous helping of Pecorino, but still... and the consistency was perfect, and, for dessert, a single serving cast iron pie (sour cream batter with sweet plum) and a scoop of ginger honey ice cream - a very nice chaud-froid ending for the meal.I stopped by for a last minute Sunday brunch not expecting The Love to go beyond my expectations. The interior is clean and inviting and the staff are friendly and helpful. We ordered a number of side dishes, the burger, and some eggs and they all came out great. If you're looking for true southern food, I wouldn't say this is it, but I still found their menu appetizing and delicious. I would recommend this and will be returning.Aesthetically beautiful, delicious and tasteful in many ways. The place exudes class and good taste - and things that taste good. i'm a fan.I went to this restaurant recently for a date. It was certainly a great date spot- cozy and romantic. The food was very fresh and seasonal items were highlighted in the menu. We bought a "can" of wine to split between the two of us which was unique and different. The quality of that too was very good. However the menu was limited for vegetarians though the restaurant really tried to accommodate. I had the kale risotto which was very filling. My date (who is also vegetarian) had a tofu steak. Th tofu steak was very well done, of good consistency, and had barbecue sauce. I wasn't a fan of the barbecue sauce because it think it could be better nightlights with an Asian or Mexican style Barbeque sauce. We also had the torched broccoli and crudités platter and rolls with chive butter for appetizers. All these were good though I expected the crudités to be pickled and they we're not. The reason I gave this a three star is because I think the menu while innovative had hit or miss items. I look forward to seeing the change the menu up in the future.Wonderful atmosphere, friendly staff, and a delicious menu make The Love a top Center City pick. 
The warm and slightly salty Parker House rolls, delicious pasta second course as a savory starter, followed by the entrees. Tasty. If you are a fan of grits and collard greens, don't miss 'em. They are excellent. Dessert was green tea sorbet that was light and a happy ending to the meal.We didn't really feel the love here. First off, we were greeted by an unenthusiastic waitress who was very cold and short with all of us. We started off by ordering 3 apps: the pierogies, crispy duck salad and cheese board. All of these items were delicious, however the portions of the cheese were completely underwhelming. Four people were suppose to share the cheese board. While the presentation was cute with the mouse shaped goat cheese, the portions of the individual cheeses seemed as if they were fit for a mouse! Each person basically got a crumb of cheese to taste. Moving on to the entrees, two of us ordered the scallops, one person ordered the lamb and another ordered the beef stroganoff. The scallops were good, but the best dish was the beef. We have dined all over the city and the country. The aspect about The Love that left us with the poorest taste in our mouth was the fact that this place charges $1 per person for water (still or sparkling). Mind you, it's not bottled still or sparkling, it's super filtered Philadelphia water. To top it off, there is no complimentary bread or rolls served. You must pay $5 for the Parker house rolls with chive butter, which, in my opinion, were not worthy of the price tag. Overall, the food was good, not great and we do not plan to recommend or return. At $200 per couple, these ancillary charges made us feel as though we were being nickeled and dimed.I really enjoyed my meal here. The pierogi were wonderful. I loved the scallops with the tangerine butter. I'm very picky about scallops and these were perfect. Service was friendly from greeting to table, however, it was very slow and I waited a long time for drinks to be refreshed, etc. All in all, I'd return in a heartbeat.Absolutely loved this place! I came here for brunch with 2 girlfriends before going wedding dress shopping and it was a great start to the day! It's an upscale yet relaxed vibe. All three of us got the Lox Board and it was so delicious! The service was great and we were not rushed at all even though it was a very busy Sunday. I would recommend making reservations in advance. Can't wait to visit Philly again and come back here!!Overall I would classify the love as more of "like". Love is a strong word and I had high hopes for the dinner. Our service was very slow. Took them 45mins to get our cocktails, granted when they finally did they realized they were giving subpar service and comped the drinks. So kudos for doing something right. The lobster pasta was mediocre at best, somewhat fishy and expensive for a tiny portion. The trout was delicious and the lamb dishes were decent, but nothing amazing. I wouldn't rush back. Talula's is amazing along with so many other Steven Starr spots, this one unfortunately did not impress me.Ate here last night and boy was it good! The staff was great, very informative and knowledgeable of the menu. I had the seasonal chicken- it's buttermilk fried chicken and it was served with grits and collards. Having lived in the south, I have a very strong opinion about grits, chicken, and collards and what I was served at The Love is some of the best I've ever had. My mom got the salmon poke and she said it was amazing as well. 
The decor is also great, the cork ceilings absorb some of the noise and it feels very cozy yet chic. 
Only reason it's missing a star is because the dessert menu was a little meh - as someone who's lactose intolerant I couldn't eat 3/5 of what was on the menu.This was an aptly named place to celebrate our anniversary. We figured it was hard to go wrong with a Steven Starr/Aimee Olexy pairing and we weren't let down. We started with cocktails that were on point...my bourbon based one was particularly good and I was grateful for the server's recommendation. We started with the cheese plate- easily the best we've had- and making a mouse out of the goat cheese was a whimsical touch. Next we shared the duck salad- I was less than excited, because I didn't think I liked duck, but I was wrong. It was really good and was confit-prepared. I had the whole, smoked trout and the fish was enormous; I couldn't finish it all. It was served with a maple-flavored farro...cut with something I can't recall that made it sweet and sour. It was a nice compliment to the smokey fish. Hubs had the filet with blue cheese sauce. Delicious, but a rather small cut for $40...and the only reason this isn't a 5-star review. We skipped dessert and coffee out of sheer fullness. All in all, a really nice place to spend our 24th anniversary.This place is definitely a hit! First time here and it was absolutely amazing, the staff was very welcoming. Our server Nick T. was super helpful, patient and funny. Veggie tray with the green goddess dip was soooo delicious! My entree was the Lobster Spaghetti which was to die for! I'll definitely be back, very soon!Unbelievably slow service. I arrived at 8pm on a Monday night for a table for one outside. It took 10-15 minutes to get a glass of wine, and over 5 minutes to bring the dessert menu from just inside the door and another 15 minutes to pay. Took almost an hour total for one glass of wine and a single entree. The Spring Ravioli was tasty, though small. I've loved all of Starr's restaurants but will likely pass on this one in the future. Just not the type of service I'm used to from his establishments.Great service, food, drinks, and space. I'd love to come back.Outstanding! Went two days after the opening, and everything was truly delicious. The service was wonderful (especially for only being open for 2 days), and the food was even better. Will definitely be back!Every single thing was delicious! If you cannot decide what to get you can't go wrong with the whole fish or short rib stroganoff. Can't wait to eat here again.Must I say it? I guess I do..... I loved The Love. Every moment was just fantastic. We put in our reservation almost three weeks before dinner and only got a 8pm sitting. We got a very nice quiet table in the back of the restaurant were we ordered drinks and appetizers. 
Starting with the $20 Manhattan and a small orange cocktail both just amazing we moved onto the park house rolls, special of the night curry mussels and the butternut squash ravioli. All just amazing! The butternut squash ravioli was just to die for. 
The service was spot on with an fantastic waiter and staff that always showed up at the right time.
Our main courses were just as good and I won't bother going into detail apart from this. My girlfriend order a salmon dish that was the special of the night and we both know what we like. We will eat 99.9% of anything put in front of us. However, tonight was the .1% we both can't stand dill and did not even think to ask if the salmon had dill on it. Well it was covered in dill. I mean dill from back fin to snout. She took one bite and could not take another. I said "it can't have that much dill" and took my own bite. The salmon was like butter and the beets just perfect. But, it was dill city baby with the next stop being the dill express. I couldn't do it. As good as the salmon was I could not get past the dill. That said, this was not on the restaurant, it was just not our thing. We have never sent anything back before but, with some embarrassment about ordering something we both could not stand our waiter was just great and before we could even say we did not like it he picked the salmon dish up took her order for the scallops and they did not even charge us for he salmon. It was so very nice of them and even if they had charged us for the salmon I would not of been upset because we did order it and there was nothing wrong with the dish itself the dish was just not in our taste. Yet, the short rib beef stroganoff and the scallops were spot on and I would recommend them to anyone.
To close it up, dessert was to die for and the carrots cake Sunday was just so damn good.
Give this place a try and don't forget to get a reservation way in advance.The Love has been on my list since I first heard about it (before it was even built!) and I finally had the opportunity to go with some out of town friends. They were late so the hostess refrained from seating just me which is fair but then the third was stuck parking and then they were nice enough to seat the rest of us to get started (we were running late for a show). The decor was also super cute!
Service was lovely, the waitress was just attentive enough but not hovering and she was very conscious of our time crunch! Which wasn't even her fault so I really appreciated that! 
Now on to the food:
Fried chicken: well seasoned but a bit dry, bud & marilyns may have the win on this dish.
French Fries: Thicker cut and seasoned very nicely, we enjoyed them!
Steak with tomato salad: the steak was super yummy, seasoned but not overwhelming. The tomato salad was eh, a bit bland and the tomatoes weren't tasty enough to carry themselves.
Overall I wasn't disappointed but I wasn't in love (sorry, had to). For the price I just was left underwhelmed.Nice atmosphere and our server was great, but very disappointed in the food. Overall, despite pretty presentation, flavoring or the caliber of the ingredients was off in each dish. Had the bread, pumpkin soup, duck salad (the duck itself was cooked well but under-seasoned and the sweetness of the dressing overwhelmed it) ricotta ravioli, gnudi, veal lasagna and carrot cake sundae. 
Pastas were fine, inventive to an extent but could do way better at other Italian places.Just came back from The Love feeling complete and undeniable LOVE to this place.
AMBIANCE: a bit noisy but we still could hear each other and felt cozy and comfortable.
SERVICE: was very friendly, attentive accommodating and professional from everybody we interacted with.
FOOD: was amazingly tasty, very healthy way prepared, beautifully presented and very well portioned (meaning not too big portions but not too small to feel inadequate to the price either). Had: Carrot salad, Poke, Ravioli, Gnudi and Cheese board for desert + 4 wonderful drinks. 
VALUE: was very good for the pleasure received.
Very glad we've discovered this place and definitely will be back.Came here for brunch - had an omlette ($19 + tax and tip = $26). Food was wayyyyyyy over-salted, and way overpriced. Atmosphere is nice and service was good; I've heard it's better for dinner, but for the price / portion size, probably wouldn't check it out.Great new addition to the city. Ambiance was warm and romantic, staff was great (shout out to Nick T.) he was very friendly and make our first experience here a great one, and food was so yummy! Veggie platter to share was a hit, green goddess dipping sauce is so fresh and full of flavor. Salmon was my entree and it was seasoned perfectly-loved the crispy skin. Cracker Jack Sundae was the best way to wrap it up.Pricey; but the brunch was well executed 
Lox platter was very good as was the waffleGreat food in a lovely atmosphere. Cocktails and appetizers were on point - crudite dressing was special and the poke was fresh and delicious. The whole trout, tofu, and fish curry entrees were all excellent.  Not sure why people were complaining about service, our server was excellent and prompt.  Only minor drawback was that although ceiling was corked, the room became quite loud at times - acoustics could be improved further.  Would come again and bring others for a special occasion.Really really good foods.  We enjoyed all of our courses: duck salad, pierogies, smoked trout, lobster spaghetti, and Cracker Jax sundae.  The pierogies with caviar was exceptional.  The trout was big and smoky and very moist.  The sundae was like eating a childhood treat.  As expected the price was a little high and we had to pay for water but despite that will come back for more.I wish we could give half stars if so this would be a 3.5.
I went with a friend for dinner early on black Friday. 
Dollar water - The waitress first presents you with their "special" filtered water which costs $1 per person. They make it feel as though its the only option if you want water and so we, confused, accepted only to find out later (and only because we asked) that regular tap water is available. I'm not sure why but i was really irritated right off the bat with feeling obligated to pay extra for water. It was just water. And it was only $1 I should get over it, but somehow I felt scammed. If you go here don't fall for it!
Decor/Service - Generally the decor was warm and nice. Comforting. We had a booth which was spacious for 2. It wasn't too loud. Service was good, maybe a little too much "Love" as we were constantly attended to by various waitstaff which made conversation with my friend choppy at times as we had to assure various wait staff we were happy and not finished with what we were eating (they really wanted our plates and glasses back). Also, there seemed to be a lot of people working that night. They were literally tripping over each other. It was amusing at first until it wasn't. 
Food/Drink - I started with a Sunset boulevard (i think it was called) a champagne drink, which was good and my friend stuck with wine all night which she enjoyed. She couldn't decide between two options so the waitress let her sample some before she chose which she appreciated. 
The food was overall very good. We started with the Gnocco Fritto which was one of my favorite things. I've never had this before so I didn't know what to expect. They were hollowed pastry shells with a side of the mortadella and onion jam. I wasn't sure how to eat it so we tore the shells apart, stuffed them with the meat and slathered jam on everything. So good. I'd get this again in a heartbeat. 
We also split the Pierogi with Panna cotta and caviar. This was also good. The creamy panna cotta and the salty caviar over the pierogi was very enjoyable. I'd get this again also.
For mains, we split the Ricotta Ravioli and the Salmon. The ravioli was easily my least favorite thing. If it had rosemary in it, we couldn't taste it. The hazelnuts gave it a nice texture but compared to the other 3 dishes we had it was just underwhelming. The salmon was fantastic. It had a nice charred skin and was cooked just as it should have been. The BEST part of the salmon is the crispy brussles sprouts with the soy balsamic glaze. It was the tastiest part of the entire meal and I almost licked that part of my plate clean. There was a decent serving of it on the plate but i wanted more. So good.
Finally for dessert we ordered the carrot cake sundae which was 2 scoops of cream cheese ice cream with some wet walnuts. We didn't finish this and it wasn't worth ordering. 
Overall, 3.5 stars a nice experience. This would've been a solid 4 stars without the water, 20% less attentive staff (which I feel is an odd thing to say but its just how I felt) and had we passed on dessert. We paid a little over $100/person (with tip) for water, 2 drinks each, split 2 appetizers, 2 mains and dessert. If I ever find myself back there, I'd probably re-order the GnoccoFritto and Salmon.  
I'd definitely pass on the $1 water.I honestly don't even know where to begin with my experience here. Our server was extremely awkward and couldn't even explain what the special was to us in a way that we could even begin to understand. The cheese board came out and the manager who delivered it to us couldn't even tell us what the cheeses were without having to look at a note card. Now for the most interesting part of our dinner. The chairs here are extremely wobbly, and an older male fell out of his chair during our dinner. A stretcher had to come through the restaurant to get him off of the floor. This was my boyfriend and I's two year anniversary. Needless to say, it was completely ruined by our dinner at the Love.
And then to top off our experience, they presented us with two pieces of brittle for our anniversary. After everything that happened with our meal, you would think they would at least give us a normal/acceptable dessert.I came here with two friends from out of town, on the recommendation of a third-party. This place is marketed as upscale new American food. The decor is pretty nice, but I wasn't particularly impressed by my beef papperdelle. Most of umami  flavor came from fried shallots, and the pasta was sadly lacking in the fresh chewy texture and taste I would expect for a $25 plate. I think they don't make it in house here, and it was limp/over cooked. 
Drinks are good here with the strawberry basil mojito making up for a bit of my disappointment.We were able to get a last minute reservation on a Friday night and it was worth it.   
Positives
- the service.  Everyone was great from the hostess to the bartenders to the servers.  We enjoyed having a cocktail upstairs and the hostess came and got us when our table was ready
- the food.   I got the scallops and would definitely recommend them.  My husband got the spaghetti and lobster (loved) and the rack of ribs (good and meaty)
- special requests - they were very willing to modify dishes to make them gluten friendly
Some challenges
- noise level downstairs was pretty high - hard to have a conversation (upstairs was much better!)
- drink prices seemed a bit high (probably not for downtown but seemed high to me)
- it would be nice to see a few more gluten friendly options - perhaps a pasta option or a better bread or cracker?
Overall - we would definitely go back for the food and the service.Great spot for dinner.  I enjoyed a meal here with two colleagues last Friday.  The food was good, the service was good, and the ambiance is nice.  The restaurant has some limited outdoor seating on the fairly busy sidewalk that I would avoid; the interior has nice ambiance and was cozy (albeit a little loud as the night went on).  The Love boasts an impressive wine list and we particularly enjoyed the cheeseboard featuring products from local dairy farms.  I had the risotto, which was cooked perfectly, and my companions enjoyed the chicken and the scallops.  Overall, an enjoyable experience.Ambiance is great, but the items on the menu are less than impressive compared to other Starr restaurants. I had the trout and I don't recommend.Great date night spot and menu. The service was phenomenal, they didn't rush us out and let us chat the whole night away. We had the rolls, the salt and pepper salmon, the veggie crudo with the green dip, brussel sprouts and the curry pumpkin soup. The salmon and the green dip were amazing. Everything else was pretty good, but didn't wow us. For drinks we had the goddess and government mule, which were both quite amazing. We also had the walking dead and and amaro for after dinner drinks - they were both splendid as well.Had an amazing meal here last night.  The ambiance they created is perfect, feeling very upscale yet inviting.  They did an amazing job with the lighting.  The cocktails were interesting and very well balanced.  In terms of the food, everything we ate was delicious.  The poke, the gnudi, and the fried chicken were highlights.  The dessert, the cracker Jax sundae, was great as well.  
My one big issue with this restaurant is the pricing.  For what was supposed to be "your neighborhood restaurant" the prices are way inflated.  30 dollars for fried chicken?  We spent about 90 bucks a person for a meal in quality that is met at many other restaurants in Philly for 20-30 less a person.   This will definitely prohibit us from coming here regularly. 
Pricing aside, the restaurant is excellent and would still highly recommend.Fun and well made cocktails, tasty food, in a warm and inviting atmosphere.  The service was friendly and helpful and each course was well prepared with nice portions of fresh, delicious food.  A very nice Rittenhouse experience.I was in town for a conference and decided to try this place for dinner with my parents. The food was great, the restaurant was designed nicely (though a little loud) and the wait staff was very attentive and professional. They were able to reserve a table near the entry to help my father who has limited mobility. I asked for this during the reservation and was very appreciative of them honoring (and remembering) the request. Overall a great experience.Stephen Starr does it again. I came here for brunch for the first time a month ago and came back a few weeks later. This place is that good. The ambience of the restaurant is nice--spacious, airy, and not too loud. The brunch menu has fairly simple brunch food that has been made complex with interesting ingredients. Last time I went, I ordered the chedder black pepper waffles with maple apples, fried rosemary, and cayenne-cinnamon pecans. Highly recommended. You could literally taste all of the ingredients, but it still tasted like the sweet waffle you expect when you order waffles for brunch. I've definitely added this spot to my list of go-to places when I don't have time to look into new restaurants.Okay this place is absolutely amazing. It was a little chilly inside, but the food was some of the best I've ever had in Philly! It seems fancy but you can go dressed however, and the food seems fancy but it's really just great twists on classic food! The turkey melt was sooooo good and it came with chips and home made pickles. It was busy on a Monday at 1 and our food still came our super fast and done to perfection! I LOVE THE LOVE and will def be going back!Had dinner at THE LOVE last night - fabulous!  (If you go, ask to have Nicholas as your waiter).I love this place - great location, right by Rittenhouse and excellent staff. We stopped by for dinner when they opened and had such a wonderful time I haven't stopped talking about it. The menu is a little smaller than what you would expect from Starr but it's more than enough to meet everyone in your parties needs. 
My favorite spot is right in the corner table you can see everything, plus it's well lit for the older and younger party members.A new restaurant on the scene from Starr Restaurants, The Love is in the heart of Rittenhouse Square and provides a nice ambiance and dining atmosphere. There is a bar adjacent to the host area with limited seating and the general dining area is inviting but not pretentious. The restaurant isn't overly spacious and though our table was a bit small it was nicely located near a window. 
The service was attentive and the pace was good. 
The menu features a variety of appetizers, pasta, entrees, and vegetable sides, many of which seem to be comfort food or southern inspired dishes. 
We enjoyed the Parker House Rolls, served in a cast iron skillet and accompanied with chive butter. They were tasty and a nice starter.
The caramelle pasta was probably the least inspired. Although it was nicely presented the portion was minimal and though the butter sauce was warm, the pasta twists themselves were cold which was somewhat off putting. 
The highlight of the meal was actually the seasonal chicken. I'm not a huge fan of chicken but this chicken was fried in buttermilk, boneless, and was soft and flavorful. The accompanying grits were a bit heavy on the butter, but okay. The collard greens were fine, the comeback sauce was well prepared. 
For a side vegetable we tried the torched broccoli with hot sauce. The presentation was a little unsightly, it was more like broccoli tossed haphazardly in sauce, but it was tasty. 
Our drinks were good, the restaurant has a good enough variety of cocktails, wine and other libations to get along with, though I wouldn't characterize the pours as particularly generous for some of the prices. 
Our dessert consisted of the Dirt Sundae, of chocolate mousse and topped with crushed cookies/fruit. The presentation was nice and the mousse was well flavored and a good way to conclude the meal. 
All in all, I think the ambiance and service were where the restaurant excelled. We enjoyed most of the fare, with the exceptions noted above. I would be curious to try some additional entrée dishes or return for brunch.Love love love this place so much that we came twice in one day . I am from Brooklyn NY & i will definitely come here when I am back in PhillyGreat atmosphere and great meal.  It sounds ridiculous, but you can't miss the rolls with chive butter to start.  Also, we shared a couple pastas.  The goat cheese caramelle was decent, but the short rib pappardelle was unbelievable.  The bohemian curry with striped bass was excellent as well.  It will be perfect for when the weather starts getting a bit warmer.  We topped it off with the carrot cake sundae....unreal.  Overall the food was delicious and service outstanding.  Enjoy!Best fish I've ever eaten. Tasty drinks, dessert is good but limited options. Bit loud but excellent service.Great atmosphere I had The scallops they were delicious,service was great, and desserts were to die forAte here last night . Another win for Stephen Starr . So good ! We had the cheese board , veggies with a green goddess dip , past and lobster, scallops , tofu and the special rack of ribs . Everything was great . Nice wine selections as wellAsked to come here last minute a few weeks ago by coworkers so I wasn't really sure what to expect. We were seated right away (7 people), since my co worker made a reservation. Our table was in a weird spot; directly next to the hostess and then next to a server station so it wasn't ideal, but the staff was very nice and accommodating. The menu was a tad limited but everything had a very interesting spin on it and all looked fresh and thought out. I ordered the turkey melt and it was literally amazing. The flavors and the honey mustard were really unexpected and satisfying. My portion was very substantial and I was able to take half home, however, my co worker order the more expensive ravioli and her portion was very small. While potentially more filling, I probably would have been annoyed if that was my plate. Girls gotta eat! Would go back for sure though!Our server, Victoria, was fabulous. 
We loved everything. I ordered the skirt steak special and was floored when I took my first bite - it was cold. Not room temperature.. it was cold. They took it back and apologized, brought it out and it was fine. But cold steak? That was a first.
Boyfriend had the trout, which was great. The brisket pappardelle was incredible, the cheese plate was delicious too. The dessert menu looked great, I wanted everything, but skipped. Next time :-)We went to this place after my wedding dress shopping, place was right down the road from the wedding dress salon... Food was absolutely amazing, we were there during brunch hours, everyone in my group enjoyed the good! It was elegant, unique and absolutely delicious! Perfect for the occasion!I went to this restaurant on a date. It was very romantic and trendy. The menu featured fresh seasonal items. However beware- the crudités do not feature pickled vegetables and the green goddess dressing is not vegetarian. I mean I know most green goddess dressing contain anchovy but the menu does not reflect this. I really liked therisotto and we had canned wine which was actually very good. Overall this restaurantThe best thing about The Love is probably the atmosphere. It takes a jazzy and classy approach to seemingly medieval archways and exposed brick, and throws it in the middle of Rittenhouse. If feels like you're dining in the countryside like Napa Valley but the bustle of the Philadelphia streets are just outside. 
The menu is awful, not the options it offers but the literal menu itself. It's hard to focus on any item because it all blends together like some textual hotpot. It forgets that capital letters are used for emphasis, and seemingly plays tricks on you as you try to finish a single line without jumping to the next. 
They don't offer any of the typical alcoholic brunch drinks which I guess adds to the jazzy allure, but it means alcohol at brunch is gonna cost ya roughly $13 a drink. I get it, but it's frustrating. 
As for the food, I went with the burger and it didn't disappoint. It's filling but not a very large portion so if you're looking for a heavier option, I'd suggest something else. The cheese fondue dip was the most intriguing part, a fun, richer alternative an aioli for the burger and/or ketchup for dipping potatoes. 
Not sure I would return any time soon before trying some other restaurants around the city, but it's worth a visit.Steven Starr restaurants are almost always great spot with food; service and setting all top notch.   Brunch service was fine,  food passable and setting totally banal.  With all of the fantastic restaurants in Philadelphia not sure how long this will last.  Sad, as the name they chose is pretty awesome.Being a fan of Starr restaurants, I've been looking forward to going to The Love. It seemed fitting to save the experience for celebrating "love" with our wedding anniversary. It was a Tuesday evening, so not insanely busy. I had marked "anniversary" while making the reservation on Open Table, and they asked again when calling to confirm if we were celebrating our anniversary that night. 
The hostess was very welcoming and chatted to us for a bit as they cleared our table. Didn't offer to take our coats, though, and I noticed there was a coat closet on the way out. We ordered drinks and it took 10+ minutes to receive them. No biggie, though. Our server was nice enough but fairly unremarkable. We didn't see much of him. 
We had the cast-iron rolls, duck salad, fried chicken, and lamb. The food was cooked and seasoned well and the drinks were good, but both were definitely overpriced. Dessert was pleasant. 
No mention of our anniversary that night, so it didn't feel special in any way. Just another night going out to eat. Why even ask/confirm if you're celebrating anything? For the amount you end up spending, I would expect a higher level of service.
All in all, you're better off going to Bud & Marilyn's for similar food and a more enjoyable experience (better prices, too). For a $200+ meal for two, it was a bit of a let down.Went last evening with GF and family. Wow, beautiful restaurant. Service was spot on and they're only open a week. Broccoli, collards, Brussels sprouts all fantastic. 
Our table had Salmon, Lobster pasta, ravioli all perfect. Started with cheeses and meat for the table. No one does cheeses better than Aimee. Desert the Cracker Jack ice cream, they had a Carmel with sea salt that should have been served in a syringe it's that kind of addicting. 
Can not wait to return. Ambience need anyone say more than it's a Starr restaurant ambience always interesting and amazing.Obsessed. A new Stephen Starr favorite. The vibe here was great - cozy and homey. The bar is gorgeous. We started off with the $20 manhattan and flower power. The Manhattan was awesome and I don't usually like manhattans. The flower power was an tasty tasty bees knees. We then had the purist poke which was great but not as great as the flavor of the handmade pierogis with caviar which were deliciousssss. 
We then had the lobster spaghetti and short rib stroganoff. The lobster spaghetti was amazinggg. The flavor was awesome, I could eat this everyday. The stroganoff flavor was on point and delicious as well. We finished with the cracker jax sundae and carrot cake sundae which were delicious and bigger than I expected. I also had the lavender early gray tea and it's definitely my new favorite tea.
The dishes were the perfect size. I saw some said the portions were small but I disagree. Can't wait to go back again.Great addition to the Rittenhouse restaurants. Came for Christmas Eve dinner and wasn't disappointed! Seating took about 10 minutes, longer than expected with a reservation but service was very pleasant. Atmosphere is romantic and warm. Cocktails and food are great! Definitely would recommend the rolls with chive butter, fried chicken, and the BROCCOLI is to die for. Who would have thought it would be such a stand out? 
Would definitely come again.Went for brunch. Great service although many waiters/waitresses. Tried the cinnamon bun to share, didn't taste much banana and a little too sweet.   Shrimp and grits were nice, very cheesy grits but the sauce complimented it well. Burger juicy but tomato missed from iy, needed the acid. Will definitely go back for dinner. Looking forward to it.Super cute restaurant with a location that cannot be beat. Overall, I enjoyed my food and was very impressed by the extensive wine list. However, I found the menu to be overpriced for what you get. 
We got: drop biscuits with maple jalapeño butter (very good), leek and wintercress soup with Parmesan popcorn, little lettuce salad with radishes and peppercorn vinaigrette, and prime rib sandwich with horseradish (meh). 
Surprisingly my favorite part of the meal was the vinaigrette dressing on my friend's salad! 
While I wasn't otherwise blown away by the food, I had a really enjoyable dining experience because of the cute atmosphere and the top notch service. Definitely go when you want to splurge for some good wine. It's worth having while you're there.More love at The Love. 
After a relaxing but cold+snowy day, it was love at first sip of my "Very Good Bourbon", with Jim Beam Black, Gran Classico Bitter, Iris Vermouth and Apple Cider. So smooth+soul warming. 
I quickly warmed up and relaxed, and neglected to take photos of our food. My friend and I both wanted to eat fairly light and we shared the Gnudi (the Love's spin on Gnocchi) which was tender and melt in your mouth delicious, made with with sage, Saba and toasted chestnut truffle brown butter sauce. It was so light we could almost forget we were eating pasta. 
We also had the torched broccoli in a house hot sauce. It was delicious and not particularly hot, though I have a high tolerance for heat. And, we shared the exceptional Brussel sprouts with soy balsamic. Hardly health food but not too heavy and worth every fat gram. 
I love the Love.Visited Philly this weekend with my gf and made a reservation here. Came a little late but they were very co-operative. The hostess was very nice and friendly. The table we had was cramped but she moved us to a more suitable one. We ordered some specialty drinks which took awhile but it was packed. I would definitely make a reservation. The ambiance is very romantic. The broken arrow drink was great. Food phenomenal. I order the pork chop and gf got the salmon. Both were perfect. Wait staff is competent. Will return.Loved the vibe & decor, very chill. The Truffle Gnudi with pears was out of this world  I also tried the fig Caesar which was ok the croutons are the size of duplo blocks which is weird & I couldn't really taste the fig, I will definitely be back again thoughThis weekend was our 3rd time at The Love for brunch. Service has been great every time! Highly recommend the cheese ball appetizer with marscapone cheese.. it sounds weird but is so addictive!Last night I dined here with my boyfriend to celebrate the end of my second year of teaching.  We arrived there right at our reservation time and were sat immediately. I wasn't a fan at first of our table location which was right at the main door, along the glass separating the waiting area. Each time I talked I felt like my conversation was being overheard by waiting guests or it was being projected because of the table being surrounded by glass. So that was a little downer but we worked with it. So let's get on with the food! We started with the steak tartare and it was really good. It was a different take on it which was nice to see. For our entrees, I got the whole trout and my boyfriend got the curry. The fish was so yummy and definitely a great portion of food for your money. My boyfriend said that his food was so good and instantly became one of his favorite meals. We also had dessert which was their popcorn ice cream and it was delicious. They also treated us to small raspberry bars because we were celebrating an occasion. I'm excited to return in the near future an hopefully we will be lucky to have a better seat.I tried The Love for the first time for lunch today.  I was excited to try the Stephen Starr restaurant, since I like The Dandelion and Continental.  The Love is another spot that is super close to these other restaurants and a great pick for work lunches.  
Their lunch menu is pretty broad and has appetizers, salads, sandwiches and hot dishes.  They also have a full bar available at lunch.  We didn't make a reservation at 12pm, and we were fine.  By the time we were leaving at around 1pm, it was much more packed inside.  They also have a significant amount of outdoor seating.  
We ordered the fried green tomatoes to start, and they were really good!  I liked them a lot because they were less oily than usual and came with a side of pimento cheese and pickles.  They were probably not the genuine "southern" style because they were so much less oily, but I appreciated the breading. I then ordered the Salmon grain bowl, which was also very good! The salmon was cooked well, and definitely thoroughly cooked (I prefer to have my salmon undercooked a little, but this piece, at least, wasn't overcooked). The portion size was pretty filling and it was really healthy.  There were a ton of grains in the bowl and a lot of greens. I'd definitely go back for lunch or to try dinner!I had an amazing lunch there today. Get the cheese ball, and the short rib chili! The open faced turkey melt delicious as well. I did not need to make reservations for lunch, but it may be because it was a rainy day, but they have coat check! The staff is very sweetDined at the Love on NYE with my love and it was an absolutely fabulous experience! Kind hosts, wonderful ambiance, amazing food! We tried the NYE special pistachio cheese ball and the torched broccoli for apps, and the truffle gnudi (pear, toasted chestnut brown butter sauce). We lovedddd everything! Especially the broccoli! They had a special NYE house punch which was absolutely delish as well! Cannot wait to go back! This place hit the spot. See it being a popular fine dining spot in the near future.I've been here twice now for dinner.  My first experience was quite good, my second even better.   As other reviews have mentioned it's at a great location and the atmosphere is nice and feels intimate for the larger space.  The service was excellent both times and the food, this last time in particular, was outstanding.  We had the mushroom soup, potato skins, truffled gnudi, striped bass and skirt steak and each course was epic.Went for brunch, this was my second time there.  Fantastic food - shared the cheese ball (note, it's not fried or anything it's just a ball of cheese with great crackers and a fig jam), the hush puppies (MUST order, they're amazing and come with a great flavored butter), the vegetable frittata (very tasty, great sauce), and the cornmeal waffles (which came with a great vanilla blueberry butter - less sweet than you might expect).  One of the better brunches in Philly.Great service, atmosphere and location to start with. The drinks we got on happy hour and no complaints, food was creative and flavors unique so yes I would go back again.If you are reading this because you've never been to The Love and are wondering how it is...like...why have you not been there yet? I have been meaning to get here and finally got a reservation last night, and to be quite honest, the experience was more than I ever would have expected. The restaurant is SO elegant and SO beautiful, let's start there. The ambience is truly something to behold, with careful details, like perfectly beautiful tiles in the bathroom hallway. That romantic, elegant ambience is contrasted beautifully by a super fun, traditional, yet elegant American menu. The menu is formatted very simply (stark white with square-ish blue type) and the food is simple as well, but done up gorgeously with fun and unexpected twists. For example, torched broccoli with hot sauce? YUM. Habanero butter for my cornbread? YES PLEASE. Everyone's dinner was spectacular. Also, they have a lovely selection of tea and dessert, which we indulged in. Lastly, the service was just lovely. A little slow, but they were incredibly busy for late on a Thursday night. Please treat yourself and go to The Love!!Came her for their first ever brunch as we rolled in to town for the Eagles Playoff game.
This place has such beautiful atmosphere complete with a large array of antiques  and incredibly charming and efficient staff.
Josh the manager was personable and attentive to all aspects of the restaurant, while pitching in to serve meals as the place filled up. That says volumes about the team concept this place embodies.
Now on to the food! Everything we got was excellent from the Turkey Melt to the Shrimp and Celery Soup to the Pierogies with Caviar.
There were so many choices and we delighted in all of our meals as we plate shared to spread the LOVE!
Make a point of checking the great vibe at The Love.Pros: steak tartare was delicious, cute atmosphere
Cons: 1. music (which was some strange drum beating music) was so loud and since the acoustics in the place stink and it's extremely loud due to all the people, it was unpleasant
2. Service - surprisingly he service was so so. Asked for second glass of wine and never received it, birthday dessert given to wrong person even though I specified the bday person, had to ask for water refills. It could have been because they were extremely busy but was surprised that service was lacking
3. Food was good ... not amazing or exceptional just good. I think for us this is a one and done. I can't see any reason to go backLove the ambiance, food and most importantly the drinks!  A great place to join this neighborhood.. welcome!Had a lovely, belated Valentine's Day dinner at The Love, where we particularly enjoyed the Purist Poke with salmon, rainbow radishes, olive oil, and Hawaiian salt (perfectly seasoned!) and the whole grain, cast-iron baked parker house rolls with chive butter (mm, chive butter)! The Cedar Smoked Whole Carolina Trout was perfectly smoked (head on!) and the Pork Chop was well-seasoned. Terrific overall decor and vibe. Would definitely return for a special occasion!Phenomenal meal.  Equally great service from Wade!  Loved the trout, stroganoff and pierogies!!First time at The Love and will come again. Love the decor of intimate seating alcoves and framed cork board ceiling to mute the noise, and create private conversation space. The cocktails: Almost Famous and the Very Good Bourbon Drink were excellent. Also excellent were the appetizers of the cheese board, crispy duck and poke of salmon followed by spaghetti and lobster, squash, New Bedford scallops and a side of glazed Brussel sprouts, topped off with a bottle of wine. The meal was running an A+ until dessert. The chocolate slice and carrot cake were at best disappointing. Next time we will skip dessert.Love love love The Love. I'm a big fan of Southern food and a low country atmosphere. It makes me feel like I'm on vacation in Charleston and the ambiance of The Love was on point. My boyfriend and I came here for brunch and ordered the hush puppies with honey butter and beer battered squash rings with port wine cheddar schmear as our appetizer. Phenomenal. For my entree, I ordered the lemon poppyseed pancakes with sour cherry sauce. The pancakes were dense and filling and large enough that I was able to take half of the order home for a second meal. Definitely shareable if that's the route you want to go. My boyfriend ordered the turkey melt which he thoroughly enjoyed and also struggled to finish. For cocktails, I went with The Fig and the Lemon which has gin and limoncello. I enjoyed this so much I may or may not have ordered three. He ordered the Love Sazerac, which is his go to drink whenever we go down South. Cocktails were pricey but definitely worth exploring in my opinion. Our waitress was also friendly and attentive without being overbearing and we never had to wait too long for any of our orders to come out. Overall it was a delicious meal with no complaints.Food was great, service spectacular.  Servers very attentive and observant.  Steak was not cooked how I requested, waitress noticed right away and handled it.  Fun vibe inside restaurant, great for a date night or friend celebration.  I will be back and highly recommend.I had an amazing evening celebrating a birthday. Nicholas, our server was friendly, prompt & always on the ball. The food was amazing and the restaurant was beautiful. I'll definitely be coming back. Thanks so much to Nicholas & the staff for making it an amazing night! 
I had the gnocco with onion jam, sour cherry lamb & a carrot cake Sunday. They were all amazing!Really disappointing experience: not many dishes on the menu to try and extremely expensive for what you actually get to eat. I was dining with 2 other people, we ordered 2 pasta dishes to share and it was barely enough for 1 person. The portions are very small and everything is buried in creamy sauces that mask the actual flavor of what you are served. We ordered chicken next, which was tasteless but the worst part was at the end: dessert. I believe that vanilla ice cream with caramel at McDonald's might actually taste better than what we had there. Final bill over 200$ and we only had 1 drink each. Tried once, not going back.This is one of my new favourite restaurants in the city purely for their from the quality and flavour of their main dishes. We skipped having a starter, I had cedar smoked whole trout which was cooked to perfection. They seasoned the fish with lemon and herbs and the pecans on top were a great touch. I did not find the farro side salad to be very tasty. Others on the table had the lamb and the pork chop with the pork chop being the best pork I have ever tasted. Dessert was nothing special and I didn't find there to be as much love or effort put into this course. We had the carrot cake and salted chocolate caramel slice. It was a disappointing finish to a lovely meal. Overall the service was not great. Drinks were slow and the waiter was not very knowledgeable about the dishes. Our table was also in a terrible spot with the waiters passing by every minute and hitting my chair. There was not a very good atmosphere inside, loud music and it felt like they were just trying to sit as many people as possible in a restaurant. 
Go to the love for the great food but skip dessert and don't expect a romantic or personal experience.Went for brunch. Nice ambiance - bad menu- all very greasy food without any healthy options.I was in town for work and a friend was meeting me who wanted to try this out, as it opened 6 months ago. We had lunch here and ordered the burger and turkey melt to share with a side of the cucumber salad. I loved the burger and thought it was better than the turkey melt. The rosemary chips were really good, and I dipped them in the side of cheese fondue that came with the burger. The pickle was just okay. 
Cucumber salad had feta and basil (?) but I thought it would also have a grain, but it didn't. Perhaps I misread the menu?
Overall, beautiful space and delicious food. Worth the price point? Maybe not, but definitely worth going to at least once! Warning: the bathrooms are candlelit so be prepared for a dark bathroom.Everything we ate was beautiful, unique and delicious. Service was excellent. Chill vibe. Fantastic experience. Try the fried chicken!!Was drawn to The Love by warm, inviting ambience.  Fortunately, I asked for the tap water option at the very beginning and didn't get stuck with the $1 water charge.  I've been drinking Schuylkill Punch for 40 years and haven't turned green or grown any weird appendages.  Had the Lobster Spaghetti.  It was basically an appetizer/internezzo portion and was quite pricey.  Delicious marriage of lobster and butter.  The wine was likewise very good.  I was still hungry, so I ordered dessert (Cranberry butter cake).  It was good, but again pricey.  The service was attentive and courteous.  I spent over $70 for an appetizer, glass of wine and dessert.  That was a surprise for an after-work supper!  The noise level was comfortable.  Visually, the room and bar are very welcoming.  For the price, I would have appreciated table linens and complimentary bread.  I would come back for an occasion, but was disappointed to find this cozy spot not likely to be a neighborhood go-to.Had a great big meal with family and we loved it.  We got a lot of the appetizers and devoured them.  The cheese plate was amazing.  I got one of the pastas for my meal - not a ton of food - which is fine.  Atmosphere is busy and approachable.This place is fantastic. Fresh and creative. Meal was garnished with a mix of awesome picked veggies. Quality was outstanding. Upbeat crowd with a great vibe. Had brunch and the choices were great.Absolutely delicious. Celebrated my birthday at The Love. and got the rolls with the garlic/chive butter which was phenomenal. For dinner I got the buttermilk fried chicken and the torched broccoli. My boyfriend got the lobster pasta and scarfed it down within minutes. The ambiance is so cool--laid back yet romantic, and the playlist was on point. We will be back!Lunch at The Love was quite the experience. I had the Mushroom soup and Chicken salad. Flavor and presentation were fantastic. The lavender cheese ball was perfection. Service was great with a cozy and intimate setting.LOVED the Love. Great ambiance and perfect for groups or special occasions! Went with 4 people and we got a ton of food that included the cheese plate, purist poke, and Caesar salad for appetizers. We got the beef stroganoff, scallops, gnudi, and spaghetti squash for entrees. All were great except the spaghetti squash was just eh. Sides : broccoli & Brussels. Dessert: Carrot Cake sundae with cream cheese custard. Everything was amazing. Gnudi was a personal fav because it came in a delicious truffle butter sauce. We will definitely be back !!Came here for an early Saturday night dinner with my boyfriend before catching a show at the Academy of Music. We were seated promptly and the service was great throughout the entire dinner.
We started off with the cheese plate which was huge and had a variety of cheeses as well as the exotic mushroom toast, which was yummy and flavorful. For dinner, I ordered the salmon and my boyfriend ordered the scallops. The salmon dish was great and my boyfriend said he enjoyed his scallops. Prices are a bit high and I'm not sure if the dishes were that great to warrant such a high pricepoint.
I loved the ambience of the restaurant. The place was buzzing and had a great energy to it. Everyone seemed to really be enjoying their time, which is always a plus when you're dining out. I would definitely come back but really only for a special occasion.Great service, really good food. My wife and I so enjoy this place. One of our favorite Steven Star places. Well done!10/10 for the service. BF LOVED the steak, however, ribs were "just okay". Definitely in the pricier range, but as expected for Center City Philly. We recommend the fried green tomatoes as an appetizer. 
Other notes - Chairs are uncomfortable AF.Beautiful ambience, attentive staff, and amazingly delicious food. They even took us 45 mins before our reservation (weekday). Highly recommend the labor of love, ricotta ravioli, lovebird (chicken, which could be for 2 people), salted chocolate slice (very delectable - a must share), and Moroccan chai tea. Mmm mmm good!My wife and I found this place simply by accident, the afternoon after we were married. We saw the name and thought "its meant yo be". The staff was absolutely lovely, polite and very attentive. The risotto was perfectly cooked and delicious to taste, salad was fresh and on point.  If you get a chance try the grapefruit lemonade, it is beyond refreshing. Not one bad thing to say about our visit, we look forward to trying something nee next time.Love at first site - even more so after first bite! 
I absolutely love the decor  - modern and sleek with traditional touches and warm lighting. Seating is comfortable and noise level moderate. Service was impeccable without being intrusive or overbearing. 
We started with (not pictured) crudités and green goddess dip which was goddess worthy - with a beautiful assortment of colorful seasonal vegetables and delicious savory dip. And, the perfectly crisped duck salad with butterscotch pears and a ginger dressing, which was easily shareable. 
My veal lasagne with ricotta, green kale and basil noodles with tomatoes melted in my mouth. It was heavenly and a must try! The acorn squash pomodoro with fresh burrata and tomato sauce was rich and creamy but not heavy. The Brussels sprouts were fried and but not overly (perhaps I delude myself) and finished with a soy glaze. 
For dessert we ordered the cranberry brown butter bar with organic caramel and toasted pecan ice cream. A friend sent us the "Not your neighbor's cookie plate", and it wasn't. A combination of sweet, small delights featuring salted caramel and chocolate chip cookies and other pastries covered the plate and were a nice finish to the meal, along with my freshly brewed espresso.  
I look forward to returning. Aimee Olexy and Stephen Starr are blending their special magic by Rittenhouse Square.
************************
More love at The Love. 
After a relaxing but cold+snowy day, it was love at first sip of my "Very Good Bourbon", with Jim Beam Black, Gran Classico Bitter, Iris Vermouth and Apple Cider. So smooth+soul warming. 
I quickly warmed up and relaxed, and neglected to take photos of our food. My friend and I both wanted to eat fairly light and we shared the Gnudi (the Love's spin on Gnocchi) which was tender and melt in your mouth delicious, made with with sage, Saba and toasted chestnut truffle brown butter sauce. It was so light we could almost forget we were eating pasta. 
We also had the torched broccoli in a house hot sauce. It was delicious and not particularly hot, though I have a high tolerance for heat. And, we shared the exceptional Brussel sprouts with soy balsamic. Hardly health food but not too heavy and worth every fat gram. 
I  the Love.Wonderful meal at "The Love".  The dining room was warm and inviting and straddled the perfect line between casual and special. The food was solid - fancy comfort food. The service was perfect. My favorite thing by far was ending with the eggnog. Just luscious.Had a great time at the love last week for dinner.
Great food and nice environment. My steak was delicious.Nice venue. Really lovely restaurant. We came for lunch and had a few sandwiches. They were quite good. The service was  really good - everyone was friendly and helpful. Beautiful outdoor seating area.I usually do not give 5 stars to a restaurant but this restaurant is worth given. My boyfriend and I went for brunch on a Saturday. We previously made a reservation, which I recommend. Starting with the pana cotta parfait and finishing with an espresso. Our overall experience was exceptional! Food was amazing, service was lovely and the place is great for a romantic meal but also for a classy brunch with your girls. 
PS: follow our IG account @ac.eatout for more restaurant critiques.I made an unexpected stop here for brunch after the previous place we tried didn't come to our table to serve us. 
They were very accommodating and did not turn us away with only 20 minutes left of brunch time. The food came out super fast and the recommendations from both servers we spoke with were delicious. 
I had the catfish and my friend had the frittata. We both tired the pineapple cider. The cider was a pleasant surprise! 
The restaurant is very warm and welcoming on the inside, they also have some outdoor seating as well. 
The bathrooms were clean! Definitely a plus. The food and drinks are a little more on the expensive side but on par for what you would pay in rittenhouse square so there were no surprises there. 
I would definitely check them out again to try some of the other brunch items or for dinner.We had a great late afternoon lunch. Service was excellent, the food. very good  and the location perfect. Parking just 2 blocks away.  Had the frittata  and we sampled two  of the in-house pastry chef's specials.  They were scrumptious.. I would highly recommend this restaurant if you're in Philadelphia.We went here for one of our girlfriends birthday and everything was absolutely amazing. The cheese board was incredible and came out with an adorable decorated cheese mouse, my favorite entree was probably the scallops, and their cookie plate and Cracker Jack sundae was to die for. Overall the food was delicious and the ambience was very trendy, however the place is a little bit on the smaller end -- we were a party of five and felt that our table was a little bit cramped.Service.  Honestly, top notch.  From refilling water to evenly distributing the courses, the waitress was excellent.  I even spilled a drink, and they graciously provided me with a new one at no additional charge.
Food.  Above average.  The Fig Caesar and the Halibut were the two best dishes.  The scallops were good, but the cauliflower mash side was not ideal.  The pasta/fettuccine (forager's) almost had too many intense flavors that did not compliment one another well.
Ambiance.  Nice atmosphere with good lighting.
Would definitely come back and order other dishes.We weren't able to get a reservation, so we spent the evening at the bar.  The drinks were great, if not a bit pricey.  I got the Very good bourbon, which was very well named, but also included a large ice cube taking up most of the glass for $14.  My husband got the $20 Manhattan (which oddly is $19), which he enjoyed.  There was also a very good selection of fancy liquors in the bar.
We shared the gnudi, which was delicious, the cheeseboard, which had a good variety, we ran out of crackers.  We also sampled a friends veggies and parker house rolls, both of which were delicious.  For an entree, we split the veal lasagna which was incredible.
I think the general feel of the place is it looks great, the food and drinks are delicious, but perhaps a bit over priced.  I'd still come back again to eat in the dining room and try more things.This restaurant was recommended to us by a friend. The ambiance is second to none.  Very romantic.  The menu had plenty of options but at first, none that really popped out to us.  We had the caesar salad, friend chicken, and bronzino.  The caesar was good but nothing like a traditional caesar salad. The bronzino was decent but nothing creative for close to 40$. Our favorite of the 3 was the fried chicken. I would recommend this entree to others. I had high expectations for this spot and was underwhelmed. Especially for the price we paid.Absolute heaven. One of Starr's best and my favorite meal in a long time. Everything from the service to the drinks was well-thought out and delivered with care. My blueberry gin cocktail was fresh and surprising, and I couldn't decide whether I loved the corn pasta or the scallops dish more. Everyone at he table was equally enamored at the experience. I'm already looking forward to my next time here.Honestly, this is a much pricier version of Bud and Marilyn's. The menus are very similar (fried chicken, scallops, trout, pierogies, short rib stroganoff, blue cheese salad) and I have to say that B&Ms does these things as well as - or better than - The Love at a more reasonable price point, in a more comfortable space.
Drinks were delicious - we tried the Government Mule, A Very Good Bourbon Drink, and Rum No Coke. Beware the $1/pp house filtered water, unless you're into that kind of thing.
Food was for the most part, "fine" - the smoked whole trout was a standout - large fish and very tasty, and the poke was nicely presented but pretty standard. The gnocco fritto was ok (still confused on how to eat it), the fried chicken was good (though the grits and collards were not great, and for $30 we expected better), and the carrot cake sundae probably wasn't worth ordering.
The two of us were seated at one of the small tables on the outside of the dining room with both chairs facing into the restaurant as if on the sidewalk at Parc. That was kind of strange, and a little bit uncomfortable for our backs to be up against the wall like that, instead of facing each other. It's great when you're people-watching at brunch on Rittenhouse Square, but weird for an intimate dinner with your fiance.
I will say, the service was great - everyone was very friendly from the moment we walked in. The waitstaff was very nice and attentive, knowledgable about the menu, and quick to take away dishes that we were finished with to make more space on our tiny table.
Overall, not a BAD experience, but we probably won't be running back (we'll be running to Bud and Marilyn's instead!)This place is so good I am writing this review whilst still here. The steak tartare was perfectly diced and seasoned, the carrot soup was beautifully mixed with love but most of all the scallops dish was phenomenal, a perfect blend of flavour, exceptionally cooked and seared to the tee. It was absolutely divine. The service from start to finish by our lovely server Victoria was professional, knowledgeable and on point. The manager himself was very kind and brought us our meals himself. Over all just an excellent restaurant and I will be backIf you're looking for an expensivegreat dining experience with nice decor and a great atmosphere, excellent tasting food in small portions (equals overpriced). With a California Italian fusion and eclectic vibe, where they charge for their delicious bread served in an iron skillet, as well as water, an upscale wine menu where the average bottle of wine will cost you upwards of $90 and minimum is about $56, average appetizer or dessert is priced at $13, and entrees average out at $31 each, dinner for two will easily surpass $200 plus tip.Second time eating here..Went here for lunch after lunch rush time so it wasn't very busy.. Had the angus burger, salmon salad, and hushpuppies. Very average burger..but the cheese sauce Definitely helped it out.. chips were homemade but very wet with oil and the oil had a off taste. Salad was pretty bland but had a nutritious ingredient mix. Salmon didn't have much flavor but was cooked perfectly. Hushpuppies were our favorite part, especially with their specially prepared butter.. Service was decent..  Had brunch here 2 mos ago and we were very pleased and maybe had the bar set too high? Do over would not order the salmon salad and would ask for a slice of tomato for the burger..HOLY S**T. Hush puppies. Burger. Turkey breakfast sandwich. Those potatoes?!  Don't think, just do it.As someone who isn't a huge fan of typical brunch fare, I was a bit skittish when my sister broached the idea of going to The Love for a family get-together. I've been let down in the past by fancy brunch spots that end up underdelivering and overcharging for their overcooked eggs and well cocktails. Fortunately, The Love was such a game-changer for me that I am seriously reconsidering my intrinsic vendetta against the concept of brunch. Talk about an egg-sistential crisis.
The Love is situated in one of the intersections right off of Rittenhouse, perfectly nestled between Tria and The Dandelion. Steven Starr sure knows how to find great locations for his restaurants. Street parking was surprisingly easy to find, but I image we lucked out - this is a really hot area and it might make more sense to ride share on a weekend morning. We got there at around 11AM on a Saturday and were greeted with a cozy speakeasy-esque bar on our left, and the absolutely beautiful bespoke dinning room on our right. We were a party of four and were seated within five minutes into a comfy couch-booth a bit further into the restaurant. I truly commend the staff here, as they did an incredible job making us feel comfortable and giving us significant attention and focus during our brunch.
The menu is a kerning nightmare but very trendy and cool - it's kind of hard to read the actual menu items given the variety of fonts, but I personally think that adds to a bit of the charm of the place/encourages you to ask your server questions. We all ordered cocktails, mine of which was a Bloody Mary. It was one of the tastiest drinks I've had in a while; one note is that I do recall my sister saying she wasn't a huge fan of the mule. We ordered a muffin basket for the table - I highly recommend getting one of these to start, as they are in a variety of flavors and are so warm, soft, and fluffy. It's an incredible way to start the meal and they are perfect to share. I ordered the lemon poppy seed pancakes for my main course, and was so taken with the dish that I literally had to stop myself from ordering a second one. The cherry glaze over the top pancake was so flavorful, but what was even more astonishing was the fact that every subsequent pancake tasted equally as moist and flavorful. I can also attest that the other savory options that my family had were equally as delicious.
Overall, we had an incredible time at The Love. The service was impeccable, the food was delicious and prompt, and the environment of the restaurant really makes you enjoy taking some time out to unwind on a weekend morning/afternoon and enjoy some of the finer things in life.
One last note: I have since gone again to The Love and they were incredibly accommodating to a larger party of 8.Parker House rolls and chive butter were so such a treat.  Had a terrific late dinner -- was still bustling at 10 and dining room had a warm and welcoming vibe.I rarely give 5 stars but this place earned all 5. The steak tartare appetizer was great. Everybody enjoyed their entrees. The steak was cooked to perfection, the fried chicken lived up to its billing as the signature dish, the branzino was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. The only dish that wasn't excellent was the onion ring type dish - it was executed well but a little underwhelming compared to everything else on the table. 
The decor and ambience are excellent for the dining room. The bar area seemed like it was lacking something but it's perfectly fine for getting a drink while waiting for a table. The triple door system is also a nice touch for keeping the cold air outside despite people coming and going.I'll be the first to admit that I was not aware of the hype around this new hot spot and went in with a pretty open mind void of expectations. But damn! I was totally blown away by my experience here. It was superb, especially considering that they're likely still working through the kinks that anyone goes through during the first few month's of business.
I had the following and in this order:
A VERY GOOD BOURBON DRINK. JIM BEAM BLACK, GRAN CLASSICO BITTER, IRIS VERMOUTH, APPLE CIDER $14
LABOR OF LOVE. EIGHT GREATS. ALL AMERICAN ARTISAN CHEESE BOARD $20
LOVEBIRD. OUR SEASONAL CHICKEN: BUTTERMILK FRIED GREEN CIRCLE CHICKEN, GRITS, COLLARDS AND COMEBACK SAUCE $29
SHORT RIB STROGANOFF. COLA GLAZE, WIDE DUTCH NOODLES AND CREAMY MUSHROOMS $36
My cocktail was delicious. 
I loved the way that the cheese board was presented which included a printed list including the farm and location from which each option came. All but one of the cheeses were local.
The chicken was perfect. Crispy outside and a juicy interior which is a lot harder than it sounds to perfect.
The grits were amazing. These were the creamiest and most succulent grits that I've ever had and that includes a self designed and guided grits tour of Charleston, SC's finest grit offerings.
The short rib was rich, above average, but the least impressive item of the night.
The atmosphere was bumpin and the server rocked.Three stars is for the food. I had the lobster spaghetti as my entree and braised collard greens as my side. The collard greens were delicious. Some of the best I had. They cooked it with black eyed peas which was interesting. The lobster spaghetti was ok but I could not eat much of it so the portion size was perfect. The sauce is a very rich creamy sauce so you would not be able to handle too much of it. An additional star is added for the decor and service. My waitress was excellent, and the manager stopped by my table a few times to ask if I was doing ok and if I needed anything. The decor and service will have me going  back a second time to try out other menu items. Overall good dining experience and I will be back again!Great service with excellent food & drinks.  Everything fresh & delicious with palate pleasing layers of ingredients paired with foods you love.  Classic comfort with an upscale twist. Drinks have the same effort. Vibrant, comfortable & aesthetically pleasing. At the risk of cliche, my first visit but not my last! Would highly recommend.Loved The Love!! Stephen Starr, you've done it again.
My boyfriend and I arrived a little early so we went to the bar on the 2nd floor since it was quieter and less crowded. The perfect atmosphere for a date night.
For cocktails I got the fig and the lemon as well as the perfect pear. I enjoyed both. My boyfriend got the love sazerac, I'm your huckleberry and a very good bourbon drink. The love sazerac was his favorite of the 3 and hes going to try and recreate it at home. It's made with vieux carre absinthe which they only make at the Philadelphia Distillery so it was a nice surprise to see that they had it on their menu! 
When our reservation time finally came around, the hostess grabbed us from upstairs and showed us our table. It was a lot noisier and crowded downstairs, but it was expected considering it was the day after valentines day and also a late Friday night.
We started off with the steak tartare and their special for the night which was the fettuccine caviar. Both were great, but my boyfriend and I really loved the steak tartare. It was served with chips, horseradish, shallots and eggs. So good! For entrees, I got the braised veal fazzoletti and my boyfriend got the love bird. Both were fantastic! 
My boyfriend and I try not to repeat restaurants unless we REALLY like them. The Love has definitely made it to our list of repeats. Can't wait to come back and try to rest of the menu!More like 3.5 stars. Very attractive interior with a warm and friendly staff.  We were here for lunch and the place filled up quickly for a Monday. Wife had the crab ravioli which she loved. She said the pasta was light and perfectly cooked and the carrot flavored sauce added a unique taste that complimented the pasta. We shared the "pickled things" side dish which I enjoyed far more than she did. It is quite a lot of food for a side dish and has a very pronounced vinegar flavor. Again, I really enjoyed this but my wife did not care for how acidic it was. I got the prime rib sandwich which comes with a creamy horseradish sauce. It was cooked perfectly and is a substantial sandwich which comes with a side of greens and seasoned chips. I only had a few bites of the sandwich. In the interest of fairness I do not eat red meat often and felt the sandwich was a little heavy for my taste. Chips were seasoned well and cooked properly. I must say their iced tea is exceptional. The wife had a dessert which she enjoyed. I forget exactly what it was but remember it was the last one listed. She said it was light and not overly sweet. All in all excellent service, nice atmosphere and creative dishes compel us to return soon and sample other menu items.We came here for a dinner date and it was a solid five star experience. The host sat us down at a table by the window upstairs. The beef tartar was the best I have ever had. That alone would get this place a five star.Great dinner!
My boyfriend and I brought my mom and sister here for dinner on a Saturday night and we all thoroughly enjoyed our dishes.
The cheese tray was excellent, all local, and reasonably priced; it's the perfect amount for two or three people to split. As for entrees, we ordered the Seared Scallops, the Bohemian Fish Curry, the Cedar Smoked Whole Trout, and the Lovebird (buttermilk fried chicken). The trout was star of the meal; it was light and moist with a subtle smokey flavor. My boyfriend loved the fried chicken. The scallops and fish curry (made with striped bass) were also fantastic and generously portioned.
All in all, great experience, beautiful interior, and delicious food. Will definitely be returning!Went here last week with my boyfriend for my birthday, after I had read about it in an Eater listing for best places to get fried chicken in Philly. We shared every dish we ordered, and the portions are pretty substantial so this was easy to do while still feeling like you had really tasted each one. We started with the crispy duck salad and the mushroom toast. Frankly, if I had only had these two dishes, I would have left there totally satisfied. The duck was perfectly cooked and there was a generous amount. I think the mushroom toast was my favorite dish of the entire night--rich, savory, and phenomenally delicious. We also had the brisket papardelle and the "Lovebird" fried chicken--both divine. The chicken is super moist and meaty, but the sides really steal the show. We were so full I sadly could not even attempt a dessert. Great service, great ambiance, a beautiful place for a leisurely special dinner. We'll be back!!!Delicious birthday brunch today. I had the lemon poppyseed pancakes with sour cherry compote (the ginger syrup stayed on the side), which were amazing. Our group of 6 tried much of the rest of the menu (burger, mushroom strada, turkey sandwich, roast beef sandwich, omelet) plus hush puppies, and all were pleased. The one negative was the "pile" of bacon that more accurately should be called "not terribly large portion" of bacon. Another visit will be required to try all the other choices!I really like the Love. The food was thoughtful, the atmosphere was really comforting and stylish and the music was kick butt! I know music is a silly thing to notice in a restaurant and it's not super loud, just enough for some background noise, but every time a new song came on I was caught thinking, "oh man I love this artist/song". It just added to the overall ambiance of the meal.
The staff was super friendly and decor was really spot on. It's in a great part of town and I had no idea it was located where it was. It's also way bigger than I would have thought.
The food was really awesome. It was pretty heavy, I couldn't have that every day. However, I appreciated the selection. From fried green tomatoes to barbecue tofu to curry, there is really something for everyone. And each dish had an air of thoughtfulness to it. The chefs clearly care and put a lot of time and effort into crafting this menu. It is a pricier meal but well worth it. I would absolutely go back and suggest you check it out too.What a fantastic experience! The ambience was beautiful, and food was delicious. I'd highly recommend the mushroom toast, curried fish stew, and steak. Drinks were a tad expensive, but the experience was worth it.Best restuarant in Rittenhouse. Fabulous ambience, brilliant food and craft cocktails make it A+. 
Ask for Kevin the bartender to make you a WhiteLady (gin drink), it is divine. Their lobster pasta, salmon poke and whole smoked trout is my favorite go to! Check it out pplIf you're into miniature cocktails that are more expensive than some of the food options, this is a great spot. Otherwise, lots of better options out there for crafty concoctions of a normal size when you need a hair of the dog. The food is fair, but unfortunately nothing to plan a trip to the city around. The environment would be cozy if the tables weren't so close together. Every time you feel settled, a server walks into your chair or the person at the table next to you needs to get out of their sit. This is one of those spots that's just fine, nothing more.Good experience at the bar on a Saturday night. Had the Broken Arrow drink, lobster spaghetti and the blonde for dessert. No complaints about anything! However, the lobster spaghetti should be labeled as an appetizer or tapas. It is definitely not a full meal. But tastes great! I will be back!Food was ok nothing to rave about. Service was very poor. First I made reservations over a month ago as this was our first trip to Philly and my husbands birthday. 
The wicker chairs are awful. I thought we would fall through them any minute. Our server was not welcoming at all. Didn't say her name, didn't describe menu just asked if we was ready to order. After she took our order she didn't return for the longest time. Another server brought our first course, another server cleared it, another server remarked us, another server brought our main course. After about 10 mins in to our main course did she appear and do a "drive by" check in on us. At the end she showed up to clear and took my drink away too when their was some left in it.  We wanted dessert but decided to go somewhere else and we didn't want to deal with her anymore. When I made the reservation I mentioned it was my husbands bday ( now I didn't expect a song & dance ) but a nice happy birthday would of been nice. It's weird as the place was so busy and as I looked around other tables were having fun so maybe since it was just two of us we weren't good enough. With so many restaurants in Philadelphia I recommend going somewhere elseMe and a few friends went here for brunch on Saturday. We had reservations, but there was a little wait when we got there which was fine because we just went to the bar and got a drink.  The drinks were pretty overpriced, but they were good.  Everybody we crossed paths with that work there was extremely polite and friendly. The ambience was great. Everyone was happy with their food it was all very good. I got the prime rib sandwich with horseradish sauce.  I had to ask for more sauce because there wasn't much on it, and our waiter did not return to see how the food was but somebody came to fill our water and she helped me out. The meat was tender and delicious and the horseradish sauce was great, I just wasn't expecting it to be soaked in a thick brown gravy. Even so it was still really good. Our waiter was not attentive at all however, and very awkward. He just wasn't good.  Which is the only reason I'm giving it four stars in at five because overall it was a good experience and I would definitely recommend this place!My husband and I had dinner at The Love Sunday night. The food was absolutely delicious and so flavorful. We had the exotic mushroom toast, griddled spring asparagus, and forager's fettuccine. We took advantage of the nice weather and enjoyed the outside setting. Staff were super nice and courteous. We highly recommend this place.There was nothing about The Love... that I loved. But being the new Stephen Starr restaurant, we decided to check it out and "not judge a book by it's cover."
Although the decor is aesthetically pleasing and the drinks are mediocre (at best), the food was extremely underwhelming.
We asked the waitress what she she recommended, she stated the most expensive dishes on the menu. In my experience, I've found that either she's just trying to shut us up or she doesn't really know the menu.
With such a small menu, we surprisingly had trouble figuring out what to order- we stuck with the Pierogies and Ricotta Ravioli.
The Pierogies were room temperature and served with a big pile of what seemed like cream cheese.
The ravioli was good but nothing to really rave about.
This place is pretty overpriced for what you're getting and considering the other restaurants around Rittenhouse, I'd probably skip over this one.I have been looking forward to coming here literally since it opened, and it finally happened! Usually after this many months of anticipation of trying to go to a new restaurant the expectations get built up too high leading to disappointment. Well...this did not happen here! The place is super cute - open, with a modern old country decor. It was pretty packed for lunch, but we were able to get a reservation the day before pretty easily. For the food...the little fried dough balls were awesome, with a delicious butter dip. I also had the salmon bowl... which was so amazing. Light but really filling and full of flavor. Unfortunately I didn't have enough time to stay for dessert but this is definitely on my list of places to go back to. Super highly recommend!I came here for a weekend brunch with friends, and ordered the lemon poppy pancakes-- by far the best pancakes I have had, although I could have done with less cherry topping. We shared the biscuits as an appetizer with the cayenne butter, which were insanely delicious and fluffy. I tried my friend's cinnamon waffle with coffee butter, which was also excellent. The attention to detail in this place is magnificent-- when the other person in our party asked for ketchup, it came in the cutest little jar. I also had the vanilla latte, which was good, although too sweet for my taste. I will definitely be coming back for the food, and my two friends agreed.
As for the experience, we made a reservation and the restaurant didn't mind when we were a bit late. Our waitress was great and she came around to check on us the perfect amount. However, it was a bit loud, as well as a struggle to move freely because it was so crowded. I can't imagine bringing a wheelchair or a stroller through the dining area. Even so, it had adorable decor and a pleasant atmosphere.
The Love lived up to the hype in my opinion, and I would be happy to return. I can't wait to try the other Stephen Starr restaurants!Went here for my mother's birthday and it was a great experience. The food was great, was very happy about that since my sister and mother are both very hard to please. We ordered Parker rolls, lobster spaghetti, and duck salad for starters. The Parker rolls were great, soft with nice flavor, we ended up getting 2 orders. The lobster spaghetti had plump, perfectly cooked lobster, with just the right amount of sauce. The duck salad was amazing crispy skin and flavorful meat with the nice vinaigrette in the salad, went well with one another. It was a little clumsy to eat since it was in bone, but didn't mind getting my hands on it. I ordered the scallops which were also cooked perfectly, great size, and paired well with the peaches. My sister ordered the curried rack of ribs, which she liked but thought was weird. But she isn't a foodie person, nor does she try a lot of different flavor dishes, so this was great for her, haha. My mother ordered the Bronzino, her 1st time having this type of fish and she liked how light and flaky it was. We shared the strawberry shortcake sundae and the caramel waffle cone sundae. Both were really yummy but u believe we like the caramel waffle cone sundae the best, the strawberry coulis and the strawberries themselves were too tart for them, I enjoyed it though, it went well with the ice cream. All in all, they said they would definitely come back, which again is saying a lot with these two women! HahaI've been here for lunch and brunch. The food was very good both times, but the restaurant is quite loud. For lunch, I had a salad with shrimp. To my surprise, the shrimp was served on skewers (no mention of this on the menu), which isn't something I would've ordered at a business lunch. 
For brunch, we were seated upstairs next to a large group of small children who were there for a child's birthday party. I made our reservation many weeks in advance - a Chuck E. Cheese type atmosphere is not what I had in mind. The restaurant comped our first round of drinks as an apology, but we should not have been seated up there in the first place. I don't expect to come back.The food was absolutely superb...inventive and really quite good; everything from appetizers through dessert..the "cookie plate"
was to die for it was so good...place is a bit noisy with a youthful vibe, but well worth the visit for exciting cuisine and warm ambiance and good service with waiters who actually know about the offerings and are enthusiastic about everything!The Love is located in a central area in Rittenhouse which makes it a perfect girls night out or a romantic date, followed by a variety of bars to go to after. The entire restaurant has a beautiful, romantic and elegant ambiance and decor. We were greeted at the door by a candlelit bar and the hostess and were immediately seated. I loved the southern style seating with the couches and tables- it was very classy. 
Our server was wonderful and considerate of our vegetarian needs. We got two cocktail drinks, which were flavorful and not watered down at all! We got the special soup for the night, which was the Broccoli Cheddar soup. It came out pretty cold, so we had to send it back. When it came back, it was definitely warmer, but it was pretty salty. Nonetheless, we enjoyed the soup. 
Then we got Exotic Mushroom Toast -- which sounded amazing, however, once again it was very very salty and extremely oily. The mushrooms were well seasoned and were tasty, but I think the salt and oil was a little too overwhelming. Lastly, we tried the Ricotta Ravioli -- which honestly was an interesting concept with the cauliflower sauce, but it was sub-par, at best. Though it seems like a small addition, the toasted breadcrumbs actually overtook the entire flavor because they were once again, super salty. It seemed as if every dish was increasing saltiness. I do commend the concept of everything and the food at great potential. I've heard nothing but good things about The Love, so I was surprised at the excessive amount of salt in all of our dishes. They gave us complementary mini carrot cakes and it was SO GOOD.... delicious and moist.
Overall, I am willing to give it another try because of the positive reviews and comments.Everything we ordered was delicious. It was a little more expensive than I had anticipated, since it was advertised as a gathering place for locals. I, for one, could not afford to dine every week unless I ordered only appetizers.Fabulous food and great service. We are ourselves silly here and went home very happy. I highly recommend the cheese board as an appetizer which is perfect for great conversation and drinks.Another great Steven Starr restaurant. We loved the mushroom toast and the fried chicken. My wife enjoyed the scallops. This will be a new favorite spot.Called last minute for brunch reservations. Was able to snag a table. The staff here is very efficient and pleasant.
Let's chow down about the brunch.
Blueberry waffles. Fluffy, light and perfect waffles, topped with blueberry whipped butter, thin slices of toasted almonds and a blueberry syrup. Everything about this plate was heavenly. 
My friend had the shrimp and grits, side of potatoes and pile of bacon. The shrimp was so fresh you can taste the sea. Lol. Grits was perfect. Potatoes were soft on in the inside and crispy on the outside. This was served with roasted peppers. I love the combination. The bacon, I did not eat but it was crispy as my friend took a bite.
Coffee is good.
We did have a second visit and the menu changed.
Brioche brisket steak sandwich and an omelette. The sandwich came with a side of potatoes and it was pretty good. The omelette was whisked so fluffy and style of cooking was almost crepe like. Cheesy and a hint of mushrooms as I took my first bite. This dish was also a company by roasted potatoes. So good.
Now I just have to make it to dinner here.It's a little small and a lot packed in The Love but that's the problem with success I suppose.  We had a party of three on a Tuesday night and even with reservations there was a wait.  No problem, the bar was more than happy to make a fantastic signature cocktail.  When we got seated the service was on point...a level you'd expect at a fine dining establishment.  The food was fantastic too.  I lived in the south for, well, lets just say many many years and that fried chicken was EASILY in the top three I've ever had.  Everyone else in the group seemed to enjoy their meals too.  It was a little tight in the space and loud so it doesn't make for great business meetings but the pros far outweigh the cons...check it out, it won't disappoint.This was a great experience.  There was several things that stood out. The chicken,  which they are known for,  was amazing.  Someone in my party had the ribs which they said was nice and tender with good flavor. We also had the spaghetti and lobster as an appetizer. I will warn that the dish was not a lot of food,  but the flavors were very good.  The lobster sauce was nice and creamy and the lobster was pretty abundant for such a small dish. Then there was the salmon... the crust on the fish was so serious. Like I said,  everything was very good.  I would definitely go back and eat again when I come to Philly.Seated immediately. Staff was ON THEIR GAME and so kind. Good was spectacular, fresh and prepared with detail. WE LOVE YOU! And we'll be back in 2 weeks.I was highly impressed by the service at The Love on my last visit. We came with our baby and dog (sitting outside) and the service was exceptional. They are super family friendly while having excellent food and beautiful decor. It's expensive but the experience is wonderful.The Love has potential but some work ahead. Several entrees were very tasty, and the staff is pleasant. However, the menu lacks any theme. It feels like the chef threw together a random selection of appetizers and main dishes without any thought about the overall offering and how it fits into the very competitive restaurant scene in the Rittenhouse neighborhood. 
The staff also needs additional training and direction. They were at times tripping over themselves to offer service and at other times inattentive.
I remain hopeful for The Love, but Stephen Starr has his work cut out for him to raise the bar on this latest endeavor.THE SHORT RIB IS NO LONGER ON THE MENU!! 
But besides that..
Fantastic dinner! Our (male) server was very tentative. The table was always kept clean, napkins folded once someone return from the bathroom, water was never empty, and satisfaction was always checked. 
The drinks were 7/10 on the liquor scale. Tasty and interesting.
Started with the cheese plate, had a wide range of cheeses and their complements. Good to share for 3-4 ppl.
I thought the ricotta ravioli was the show of the night! It was the perfect ratio of ingredients, not too heavy, not too soft/hard. It was just perfect to start off. Came in 5 pieces, one per person was just enough! 
The scallops dish was the table's favorite!! Perfectly cooked and flavored. Went so well with the marinated cabbage!
The fried chicken was nicely soft inside with crispy skin outside, went very well with the two sides of grits and collard greens. The grits was buttery and well blended, just melted in our mouth! Collard greens were a bit too sweet in my opinion..
A WHOLE trout was served! A bit bland for my taste and wished the skin could be more crispy but the rice came along this dish stole the show! So so good!
The beef in blue cheese was my least favorite.. maybe because I'm not fond of blue cheese. The meat came out rare instead of medium rare.. nothing special about this dish in general in my opinion..
We ended with the cookie plate and Jax sundae, both were great! Loved the caramel popcorns came with the sundae!
It's a definite yes to return from us!I've only been once and so my review is based off the dish I had. I had the scallops and they were extremely underwhelming. They were prepared well but I didn't care for the flavors. My drink was good and the service was good. I also really like the ambiance. I would be willing to update my review when I return and try something else on the menu.Where do i began. Ok so first the cheese ball appetizer was absolutely delicious! My fiance ordered the turkey melt with deep fried small red potatoes...YUMMY! I ordered the shrimp and grits and was blown out of the water completely. I will absolutely be going back with family and friends. It's pretty expensive, but it was well worth it. So, for 4 mimosas and the food....it cost us 107, but again, well worth it  Enjoy....ps. The service was remarkableThe outdoor seating at The Love is incredible. They have individual outdoor booths with heating vents in each booth that are not recirculating air from other booths. They also change tablecloths between customers. COVID safety is probably as good as it can get for outdoor dining in the cold. We arrived early so I got a spiked hot chocolate from the bar. The drink was really good...cost $16 so it better be! 
We waited outside for a few minutes and then were seated in our booth. The server was really friendly, had a great knowledge of the menu and was COVID safe. We ordered the pulled brisket fazzoletti, ricotta ravioli and shared an order of potato frites. Both of the entrees were delicious and filling. The side of potatoes was really salty (and I like salty food so that's saying something). I did decide to let our server know about the potatoes so she replaced them with a portion that was less salty. Value is important to me, I'd say that this met the mark since the atmosphere was really nice and the entrees we received were high quality. 
Overall, we were really impressed! The food was delicious and the safety measures put in place were appreciated. I would lean towards a five star review but the two things that made it less than perfect were 1) the salty potatoes and 2) the service was pretty slow while we dined. I'd definitely come back to The Love. Be sure to make a reservation in advance-this place was busy!Went for brunch. The waiter made great recommendations. All the food came out quick and was delicious.I was really impressed with The Love.  It's a great date spot.  I really enjoyed the intimacy and vibe of the restaurant!  I also thought the food was very good! 
Started out with Labor of Love Cheese plate.   Probably the best cheese plate I've ever had.  Exceptional! Highly recommend. 
Then I had The Summer Corn Soup. Absolutely amazing.  Best soup I've ever had!  corn pepper salsa, cotija cheese, spiced lime salt. The blend was unreal! 
Main courses I had were The Love Bird and Smoked Brisket Pappardelle. Their seasonal chicken: buttermilk fried green circle chicken, grits, collards and comeback sauce. It was one of the best fried chickens I've ever had! The sauce was really good and the chicken was cooked perfectly.  The Pappardelle had onion fondue, thyme, burrata, shallots.   It was my least favorite. The beef was enjoyable but I would of rather gone looking back to the lobster pasta dish.  
We had the Torched Broccoli. It was ok.  The other sides of grits and other vegetable that cake with the meal were better.  The grits really went well with the chicken. 
For dessert we had Caramel Corn Sundae 
peanuts, toffee and buttered popcorn ice cream. It was a good way to top off the experience.  The buttered popcorn ice cream was unique and enjoyable. 
Good overall restaurant in center city!Amazing place. Great ambiance and the food is incredible. We tried the cheese platter which was an "adventure". 10/10 would come backMade reservations here based on the reviews. Overall, our night didn't disappoint. The cocktails were delicious. I got the halibut which was lovely but the greens were a bit underwhelming. My partner got the love bird which was good but perhaps overrated. If the final price of dinner was a bit lower, I think I would have giving the experience a 4... for the overall cost of the meals, I just expect more.The Branzino is so, so good.  Served whole and deboned, smoked to perfection.  I pulled off the head and dug out the fish cheeks to nibble on... to the grossed out horror of the 10 year old kid sitting at the next table.  I was embarrassed until our server whispered that the kid's brother sitting next to him asked for "the fish with the head on it."   Probably wanted to gross out his brother, too!This is the second time I've been here, and it delivers top notch service, food, and cocktails.  There are two bar areas - one downstairs which is smaller and one that is a bit larger with a lounge area upstairs (take the elevator).  We ate upstairs in the lounge the first time - didn't have reservations, but since the upstairs is not well known it wasn't hard to find a couple of seats.  The second time we ate we had reservations and ate with another couple. 
The atmosphere is excellent and decor well thought-out as are most Starr restaurants.  They have their own specialty cocktails but I ended up ordering a Gimlet which was well made.  The wine is also reasonably priced and the wait staff are good at making pairings if you're interested. 
We tried the salmon poke and duck salad for appetizers which were excellent.  We shared the steak tartare and scallops for a main course.  The tartare was good, but I'd rather have the chicken again.   If it's your first time then the chicken is the way to go.  Also, I hear the pasta is excellent, so I hope try that on my next visit.
The price is good for Rittenhouse - a bit more reasonable than Parc and Lacroix - but careful with the cocktails because that can get expensive.(to the tune of "Take Me to Church" by Hozier)
The Love's got location
One step inside's like a vacation
I know that space sometimes feel cursed but
Stephen Starr, he knows what is what.
If the Heavens ever did serve,
It'd be the pimiento cheese, and fried bird
And though the menu sections are silly
This place, one of my favs in Philly
It's so tasty. Makes me crazy...
Getting a rez can be tough
But I can't really get enough
And when I see OpenTable open up
I know I'll make a run to stuff
My face with foods
The Love's got the goods
Amen... Amen. Amen.
TAKE ME TO THE LOVE
I'll worship like a girl who lives off Parker House Rolls
I'd vote for each dish if they were listed in the polls
Offer me that cocktail lounge upstairs
Let me give you my cash!
Y'all - It's just lovely here. It's so pleasant, the service is exceptional, and the upstairs lounge is the perfect place for a few before- or after-dinner drinks. The cheese plate, complete with chevre mouse, is darling, as is the dessert cookie plate. Dishes are kind of all over the place - hard to pin down an easily explained "style" - but it's all delicious, and I haven't had a bad bite. The steak and potatoes seemed a little steep when I saw what was on the plate, but honestly, a few bites in I realized it was worth the $38. Perfectly cooked, crispy, well-seasoned steak fries, magnificent. 
I personally enjoy the other dishes to the pasta, but maybe that's just because I think there are so many places to get great pasta in the city. 
The vibe is gorgeous, the wine list is accessible, and it's the perfect spot for a date, a family dinner, or a special occasion!The Love is a splendid place to enjoy a lovely dinner accompanied with close friends.
I came here for a surprise birthday dinner and the staff was incredibly attentive making sure that they wouldn't spoil any surprises beforehand. Our waitress recommended two wonderful bottles of wine that suited us perfectly with no complaints around the table.
In terms of food, our waitress described each dish meticulously with details surrounding each dish, and made the right decision during a moment of analysis paralysis. Eventually, I decided on sharing fried chicken and the ribs with a friend. The fried chicken was absolutely phenomenal that was so moist and tender complimented with a delicious aioli. In addition, the ribs had a wonderful outer crispiness, but  more importantly every strand and fiber of the meat just slid right off the bone.
While we had a private reservation for a large party, the staff went above and beyond to making us feel at home and every bite of the food was delicious! In many ways, you could almost say that we felt, "the love". (You see what I did there? :) )Nice ambiance but too many misses to give any more than 3 stars, a shame given the creators status. Service was extremely attentive but cold...felt like everyone who interacted with us was going a job, not trying to create a great experience. 
For the meal, Caesar salad great, mushroom toast incredibly over salted. The Lovebird was excellent but an odd presentation...chicken on the entree plate with a ton of empty space then two ramekins with the sides. A bit strange. My wife had one of the pastas that tasted like it was coated with sweet and sour sauce from a Chinese takeout and drowned out any other flavors. 
Too many other great options for us to return.Great experience, the thing I liked the most is that their dishes are unique. The flavors are rich and bold. Everything from the ambiance to the service and certainly the food is top notch.Ordered take out. I'm not sure what the hype is for. Mushroom toast had a nice variety of mushrooms on some really good sourdough bread but the mushrooms themselves tasted overly smoky and had a gross, indescribable aftertaste that made my stomach turn for the rest of the night.
I also tried to miso ginger collard greens. I love greens so much and these were well cooked but tasted so terrible. I didn't taste any miso or ginger whatsoever but only tasted a disgusting citrusy sweet flavor. Collard greens should never be sweet! I saw the same complaint in previous reviews but thought they were exaggerated. Unfortunately, its true the greens were truly bad and I had to throw them out. I could only describe the taste as someone poured orange juice and fish sauce in them during the cooking process.
I was looking forward to dining in person to try the entrees but that definitely won't be happening after the stomach discomfort I endured for the night.Went on opening night and it was great! The place was warm, cozy, and relaxed and was beautiful inside and the decor made it feel like home, with a romantic touch. The aesthetic inside was a direct reflection of the menu - it felt like a hug on a plate. We shared the Brussels Sprouts (fantastic) and I got to try my date's scallops (more fantastic) but the real winner was the roast beef stroganoff. It was so soft and juicy throughout the cut and the wide noodles weren't as heavy as I thought they would be. It was amazing. 
The service was exceptional as well, which wasn't a surprise given the ownership of the restaurant, and everyone made us feel welcomed and comfortable. Overall, it was a great experience and I would definitely recommend going before it gets more raves.Our group of 9 had brunch on Saturday...the food was tasty, the staff accommodated various dishes for small children.  The lox board ($20) had a great everything bialy (never had an everything one before and it was really flavorful) and really tasty lox.   
Others at the table all enjoyed their meals too - meals which included omelets and "crispy potatoes" they all raved about.My sister got food poisoning from this place after eating the Prime Rib Sandwich, so we will definitely not be going back. I thought the food was overpriced as well. The staff was nice and friendly.Great food. Friendly staff. Eggs were great as were all of our dishes. Bloody Mary's were average and small. Recommend for brunch.The ravioli and salad were the best for me of the things we ordered.  Wine pricing was interesting as it was cheaper to order 3 glasses of wine versus a bottle (shouldn't it be the other way around?)  Service was friendly. Casual atmosphere,  definitely would love to check out their brunch menu.We've been really impressed by the reliable quality of everything we've tried here for both dine-in and takeout. Kale risotto is a standout favorite. The spaghetti has a generous amount of lobster. Lemon poppy pancakes come with unique and addictive sauces. The only thing I haven't liked was the bee sweet sundae, which I found too sweet.Ate here for dinner with girlfriends and immediately felt welcomed by the friendly hostess. We had a 7 pm reservation on a Thursday night and were seated near the window in a prime location. No wait even though the place was bustling. Great cocktail menu with creative descriptions-all drinks were rated highly. Shared apps: roasted broccoli, risotto, mushroom toast- all outstanding. I felt the need to try the acorn squash- beautiful presentation and so delicious. My friends ate fish and said it was scrumptious/ their dishes were also artistically plated. Of course we shared two desserts and laughs to end the evening. Glad we dined here! Also I got the most fabulous post card at end which I plan to send to my friend that grew up in Philly!I spent my 21st birthday here on the 18th. It was really a wonderful night. It was my first time to drink. The taste was really amazing. Very good cocktails and dinner. I'm a girl from China. I'm not really used to American food, but this one is really delicious! I'll come again, and the service is very good.Excellent, as usual.  Service and food was perfect.
Our waitress was nothing short of outstanding.  Extremely attentive and polite. 
Ordered halibut and scallops for dinner.  Cooked to perfection and halibut was probably the best I have ever had.
Will continue to be a staple restaurant.  Thank you!My bf and I came here on 6/27 for date night. The staff was great! The food was bomb! I loved the cheese board! 
I ordered the LoveBird and didn't like the sides it came with, but the staff was pleasant and even offered to get us another side. We're definitely coming back.I wanted to try The Love since I am a big fan of Talulas Garden (sister restaurant). The Love has a different vibe and ambience then Talulas but I enjoyed the space and my dining experience.  The restaurant has deep rich wood floors and tables to match, giving it a slight rustic feel but elegant at the same time. It's a roomy place compared to some other dining options in the city.
Service was on point and our server Megan was knowledgeable and helpful. Timing from the kitchen was good as well.  Several vegetarian options to choose from such as salads, pastas and sides. I got the carrot salad that was delicious as well as the Brussel sprouts that were yummy with a touch of apple mixed in. My dining companion got the Buttermilk Chicken. The food was very good and for dessert I got the chocolate with olive oil, salt and croutons. If you like sweet and salty combos, try it!If I could give a higher rating than 5 stars I would. Very simply put....Best service, great management, perfect ambiance, amazing food, and great location. We will be back time and time again. We had an 8:30pm reservation on a busy Saturday night so I would have expected a little wait which turned out to be the case but only about 20 minutes. We sat at the nice bar and enjoyed a drink while we waited. After being seated the manager came to our table to personally apologize for a 20 minute wait and delivered us a free appetizer! I highly recommend you try The Love!Had a nice lunch here a few weeks ago. Lovely look to it ambiance wise. We had a reservation for noon on a weekend, but place was quite empty... though did start filling up a bit once we were leaving. Service was good. 
We started with the hush puppies, which were warm and crispy. I haven't had many of these before, so tough to compare, but seemed to have a noticeable little kick to them, not just like fried dough. 
My main was the chicken picatta. Appropriately crispy chicken without too much oiliness weighing it down. And the pasta was lemony without being over the top so. Definitely could have had it as a dinner entree too. 
The chocolate mousse dessert was probably the best part of the meal. Yummy ice cream and pretzels to go with the chocolate!Held my sister's 50th birthday dinner here for 10 people. There is the most charming 2nd floor semi-private room and bar which was perfect. (The 1st floor can be a bit loud.)
Delicious food and interesting wine and cocktail list.Really delicious, clean and thoughtful menu and wine list. Chicken and cheese board were highlights. Maybe a bit too expensive. Lovely atmosphere.This restaurant does not miss a trick! I'll get to the food in a minute, but note that the staff is beyond! Josh, the manager, made sure that my daughter's graduation from residency program went off without a hitch. We had a table upstairs which was intimate yet celebratory. When a surprise engagement happened, Josh sent champagne over to the table to help us celebrate. The food was phenomenal. Several people had the corn chowder and said they've never had soup so marvelous in their life. A few of us had the branzino and it was prepared with such flavor and cooked to perfection. My son had the lobster spaghetti which he just thoroughly enjoyed. A couple of people had the halibut and also raved. The desserts, although all were great, you cannot miss out on "the dirt". I would recommend this restaurant for special occasions or anytime coming to Philly. By the way, we are foodies from San Francisco, Los Angeles and Las Vegas and this is one of the best restaurants we've been in. It will be our "go to" in Philly!My cousin and I went there while on vacation in Phili . Can't say how impressed I was . It was 10 pm . They had beautiful lighting great atmosphere beautiful decor . The venue is perfect for any occasion :date, girls night or group get together. Our waiter was super helpful with the menu . And was proactive in making sure we were happy with the service . Plus we received complimentary desert on the house . Little touches to make a great first impression . Definelty will be coming again.