Fantastic brunch last weekend. Love the drink menu and house wine selection of "Good" "Better" and "Best".
We ordered a ton of food and it was all fantastic. The octopus, beef tartare, croque madame were all amazing.This place is perfect.   The food, the cocktails, the service, the ambiance...everything. 
Came here on a whim with a friend visiting from out of town.   We couldn't stop talking about the place after we left.   They pride themselves on classic cocktails (as they should).  I will definitely be going back.Grilled octopus and mushroom croquettes were a hit. Washed it down with some good beer on tap.Great drinks, tasty food, comfy ambience, nice staff. Sat at the bar. Ordered the whole trout and my fiancé had the burger. Very good. I had the french 75 and he had the Gimlet. The restaurant itself was very cozy and chic. Had a lovely time!This place has the BEST cheese board I've ever had. The cheeses are great, obviously, but the cheese board shines because of the accompaniments. The board comes with bread, fruit, honey, and some kind of sweet nutty spread. It is a perfect meal, giving you some salty and sweet and stinky. It's excellent. 
The other food here is also great. They have specials everyday and they always are changing. The wine list is excellent. Service is decent. Nothing special. 
I had an amazing creme brûlée once here, too. I wish it was permanently available.Great atmosphere. Small space and very cozy. Had the escargot appetizer. Wow!  The sauce was addictingly good!!The duck breast entree was excellent. I recommend the house wine which is very good.Wonderful little French joint. Service was wonderful. Food was great. A tartine lagged a bit from the ham, but the bread itself was very good. Duck confit was very crispy and balanced the texture just right.I really wanted to like The Good King. French dishes, reasonable prices, good selections of wine and beer, and proximity to my home all looked great on paper. Unfortunately, the reality was less appealing. Compared to Chick's, which previously occupied this space, the ambience is brighter and more convivial. The booths are cosy, compared to open tables, and the communal table looks to be a good idea. The "background" music is loud, but it was possible for my spouse and me to carry on a conversation without shouting. The choice of music shows this restaurant to be a little less musically-challenged than most others in Philadelphia. 
There were a few French songs, which fits the menu, and they did mix it up a bit. However, too many 60s and 70s pop tunes, Motown, and Funk, etc. Given the image that I thought they are trying to project, it could have been done better.
Our waitperson started out very friendly. When we asked for no ice in our tap water, that's what she brought us. We ordered escargot, brussesl sprouts, tuna tartar, and moules frites, intending to share all the dishes. My partner ordered a glass of wine and I had a beer. The wine came in a small glass, and while the amount was fine, they should go the extra mile and use larger crystal glasses, which still can be had cheaply, but give a much nicer experience. The wine was good quality for the price, and the beer, which I hadn't tasted before, was very good. The escargot tasted fine, although they were served shelled. I've had escargot several times, in France (but seldom in the US) and they were always served in the shell. The brussels sprouts were disappointing. I guess we were hoping for the crispy type of preparation that is served at Valanni, but the Kings' sprouts were soft and doused with a very garlicky sauce. The sprouts themselves had little taste. The tuna tartar, was served chopped up in a mayonnaise-type sauce (aioli?). I didn't mind it, but my partner was turned-off after the first bite. the mussels and fries were served in the same bowl, swimming in a spicy tomato sauce. The sauce was actually pretty good, but I don't think that I've had moules frites before with the mussels and fries in the same bowl, soaking in the same sauce, and I didn't particularly like this presentation. The dish was also described as containing sausage, and there were a few tiny fragments of meat that were tasty, but most notable for their scarcity. The mussels themselves were OK.
Our waitperson came over shortly after the escargot and brussels sprouts had been set down on the table, and asked how the food was. My partner replied that she hadn't had a chance to taste anything. I wonder if our server took this comment amiss, because I thought that her manner cooled a bit after that. I find that waitstaff in most Philadelphia restaurants are intrusive, asking if everything is OK, when you haven't even had a bite  of food, or worse, when your mouth is full with the first bite.   So, our waitperson at The Good King, rather than being outside the norm, was a reminder of how bad the norm has become.
Due to the ambience, the good beer, the reasonable prices, and proximity to home, I may go back for drinks and a burger.  However, I don't think that my spouse would join me.Just went to this place for the first time the other day. Overall, the food was good.
I shared the chick peas, Brussels sprouts, and steak tartare with a friend as a snack.
The steak tartare was really good. The baguette that came with it could have been slightly thinner as they were almost overwhelming crunchy.
The Brussels sprout yogurt sauce was great, as were the Brussels sprouts. Boarder line too salty.
The chick peas tasted good but were so dry. 
Great environment, I'll be backAte here for the first time this week and it was excellent. Very cozy place with friendly staff. Ordered the steak frites and it was the best steak I have had in a very long time; the caramelized onions were delish. Looking forward to another visit asap.Was there Saturday night, very disappointed. We used to stop by here a lot last year and it was a local gem, but the menu changed, unfortunately. 
1. found out that they took the Parmesan truffle fries off the menu-- that was what we came back for! 
2. Steak tartare was not good: steak did not taste fresh and had a sauce which was kind of sour and did not compliment the tartare, and fries were bad, they weren't hot or crispy, kind of dry. I was hoping that the fries would be crispy and hot to add a contrast in texture to the tartare, but nope.
3. Duck confit was a bit dry, nothing special. 
Overall, we will not be going back. It was a waste of money and Saturday night.We loved this place!  The bartender was very attentive and knowledgable on  all of the cocktails which were excellent.  My fiancé had the frog legs and I had the cheese plate which were very good.  We will be back!Excellent! From cocktails thru meat board, brussel sprouts, lapin, chocolate pot de creme and coffee! We enjoyed every morsel. Service was great as well. We even enjoyed the music. We'll certainly be back.....soon.We were in Paris visiting my brother's family over Christmas and we wanted to recapture the French bistro experience. I went to Yelp! and searched and found the Good King Tavern. 
First we had a good omen when I was able to get a parking space on 7th Street almost in front of The Good King Tavern. There is also a pay lot on 7th also. The restaurant is cozy with a long bar to the left as you enter, and booths to the right along the window. There are more tables in the back of the restaurant. I would make a reservation as on this Sunday night by 7:30 they were almost full. I am sure on Friday and Saturday nights there are waits. We sat in a booth towards the back. The place is nice, with wooden floors and a tin ceiling. It feels welcoming. We had the following dishes:
OCTOPUS - SPICY CHILI MARINADE, BABY ARUGULA - This was delicious, the octopus was extremely tender and the salad dressing was very good.
DUCK CONFIT - FINGERLINGS, FRISÉE, AÏOLI - The duck fell off the bones and had a great flavor. This was a really good dish.
STEAK FRITES - FRENCH CUT FLANK STEAK, CARMELIZED ONIONS, HOTEL BUTTER - The way the steak was prepared gave this dish a lot of flavor and the meat was tender. The fries were fantastic.
MORTEAU SAUSAGE - HOUSE MADE SMOKED SAUSAGE, POTATO GRATIN, BABY ARUGULA - This was a hearty dish and filling. The potato gratin was amazing.
CHOCOLATE POT DE CRÈME - BUTTERSCOTCH, HAZELNUT BRITTLE - This had a really nice chocolate taste but was pretty rich. A good dessert for sharing. Not overly sweet.
BREAD PUDDING - BRIOCHE, ALMONDS,  CHOCOLATE, CRANBERRIES, CREME ANGLAISE, LAVENDER ICE CREAM - This was a great dessert and we loved this. Everything went together well. The Lavender Ice Cream was incredible.
The Good King Tavern has a pretty wide wine list and specials for bottles and glasses. They have some nice beers available also. We had coffee for dessert and they served it in a French press which I love.
I was very impressed with service at The Good King Tavern. Everyone was very attentive and pleasant. The manager checked in on us and folded my daughter's napkin when she used the bathroom. I also thought the prices were very reasonable, especially considering the quality of food. The Duck Confit and the Steak Frites were $15.00 each. We really liked The Good King Tavern and we will be back soon!Everything was great.  Grilled octopus, socca, deviled eggs, fava beans and mushrooms!! Fantastic!!  One more thing... The service was excellent - knowledgable, attentive, friendly, efficient!My go-to neighborhood joint. Love the atmosphere, which is cozy bistro/bar. A good choice of cocktails. An inspired menu. Take one star off for surly bartenders, poor wine by the glass selection (in taste not in quantity) and for (alas) frequently struggling food execution. Still, hits the spot.Pros:  Cozy atmosphere, good music, fast and friendly service, solid drink selection.
Cons:  The burger (which I had heard was one of the best in philly) was incredibly salty.. like coated in salt.  It's too bad because the bun was good and the two patties were cooked perfectly.  The fries were really good with the herb aioli but were also salty.. so with the salt encrusted burger, it was too much.
3.1 starsI wanted to like this place, and I probably would have if everything wasn't excessively salted. We ordered two appetizers and two entrees, and each was a salt bomb. It would be nice, as well, if the pichet of house wine was 1/2 liter instead of the same size as a bottle.We had a really good time at the tavern, sat by the bar and the bartender is something to be seen, he offered some options to my picky cravings and I sure recommend trying the gigantic oysters that were superb, the place is clean and the general manager is always open to suggestions, think of this cozy place as a must in Philly.The service was phenomenal, as the waiter(s) were attentive in my food and drink needs.  I sat outside on a recent Saturday as a party of 3, and ordered a variety of light eats off the menu.  The octopus was cooked to perfection, though I would have liked some additions to the salad to make the arugula more flavorful.  The english pea croquettes were a delightful surprise.  The escargot was also well rounded, as it was served with a nice toasted bread.  My friends shared the duck confit and a fish off their long specials menu, and we ate such much there was no room for dessert. I plan to frequent this neighborhood gem often, hidden just off of South St.  Next time though, I would plan on trying their dessert menu!After three amazing visits, I felt the need to make sure others know how good this place is so it survives and does well.  I've had dinner at the bar, and dinner with family and friends at tables. Service at the bar is friendly, fun and not in your face. Service at the tables, the same - eager to make sure you are taken care of, but each time we never felt rushed. Actually, the exact opposite on our last visit as we sat enjoying coffee after our deserts chatting for at least 30 minutes. It wasn't till the waiter brought our check that we realized we should go.
For me, great atmosphere goes a long way and this small, cozy space hits all the marks. A fun bar area, booths, and a communal table setting as well. All the better to share your food experience with those around you. The menu additions on the chalk broad have been amazing each time we go, but the menu staples are not to be missed. The mushroom croquets melt in your mouth and the pickled mushrooms with them were a great pairing.  The spicy octopus with salad was light, fresh and grilled to perfection.  The somewhat non-traditional french onion soup, no crock and mound of cheese and bread, was nice and thick with onions and had a sweet yet rich flavor that was great on a cold winter's night.  Dinners have ranged from good (the burger) to oh my god amazing (the menu addition skate wing with saffron sauce.)  My dining companions all cleared their plates of the sausage, and the stake frites. 
This place is a gem and wonderful addition to our neighborhood. I hope to become a regular as prices are moderate and the food amazing. Getting a reservation might be common place soon though as I have been seeing it fill up every time I've been there, from a Thursday night to Sunday so far.Now living in Las Vegas, this spot is everything I miss about the Philadelphia restaurant scene. 
With easy parking close by on south street, we were parking and at the corner restaurant door in minutes. It has that beautiful Bella Vista feel with rich wood and painted tin but complimented by a clean fresh look.  
We sat as a party of 6 but were 'that group' that kept having people arrive. By the end, we had about 11 people and staff was so helpful and accommodating- The more, the merrier attitude! Loved our server! 
Vegans, Vegetarians, Foodies, Bartenders and a Chef were all at our table and everyone was not only pleased with what they ordered, they were excited! 
Beautiful French white wines, perfectly poured manhattans and sazeracs & unique beers... We were off to a good start! I devoured the amazing assortment of cheeses while others raved over the charcuterie plate. I'm still dreaming about the mushroom croquettes and Brussels!  I didn't hear a peep from my friends eating the sausage and the duck confit so that's a good sign! 
At the end, we all walked out announcing, "Well, we found our new go-to spot!"Cannot speak on anything else other than the Duck Confit. Absolutely delicous and for a great price. Cute atmosphere, makes for a wonderful date night.I love this place, from the delicious cocktails, food to their very friendly staff. I like that they have "cocktails of the day" it makes you want to go back just to see what they're offering. I highly recommend the burger, mushroom croquet and meat board. They also have a GREAT brunch!! I love the atmosphere and the music is always on point. I'll defiantly be back.On a recommendation, I stopped in for sardinettes (cornmeal crusted sardines) and a glass of rosé. It was the perfect snack and a great first impression. I really liked the service, the music, the vibe in general. I'll be back soon for lunch or dinner and next time I'll bring a friend.I love the food at tgk and the cocktails are lovely. Sitting at the bar the atmosphere is cozy and exciting in a way so many other bars/restaurants in Philadelphia lack. Love the blue paint and low light. My only issue is the service. Awkward, passive aggressive almost resentful seeming service nearly all the time. I've been in the service industry. I know customers can feel like the 9th ring of hell sometimes but that's just par for the course. It's in poor form to be so openly disdainful.I REALLY needed a night out with my husband, a real date night since we haven't had the time or money to do so in....forever, it seems. I randomly chose The Good King Tavern and made an early Sunday reservation for the two of us - which turned out to be a good decision. When we arrived, the hostess had to turn away a couple who didn't have a reservation because they were booked!
We were a bit early but thankfully were seated immediately within their small but lovely interior. Our super friendly and personable server quickly described their menu and that day's specials, and we started with a bottle of their house chardonnay. The first bottle she brought had a piece of cork still in it, which she noticed and immediately replaced with another (yay customer service!). Wine was all that I needed after a stressful weekend at work, but my husband was STARVING. We shared the artichoke lentil plate sauteed in brown butter, which was delicious, but the brussels sprouts with hazelnuts and goat cheese was even better (and now I know why there are so many pics of it on Yelp). Next came the socca board with chickpea pancake, fantastic rustic ratatouille, and salad. By then, I was picking at our food completely stuffed...but we had ordered their housemade morteau sausage with potato gratin and topped with baby arugula, and although it was absolutely delicious with flavors of smoked meat, salty cheese, tender potato and zesty greens, we couldn't finish and brought the remains home. Dessert will happen another time - because with food and service this good, and reasonable drinks prices, we will definitely return to try out the rest of their menu!I've dined here a few times years ago before the restaurant changed hands and how happy I am that it did.  I didn't bother making a reservation anywhere this valentine's day but took a chance and came here with the wife.  We were able to secure a seat at the bar but they offered us table service as well when we arrived.  They kept the full menu instead of a price fix but added some V-day specials.  We ordered solely off the specials menu, consisting of duck hearts and pomegranate, wagyu beef tongue, and beef short rib.  We were highly impressed by everything, especially the short rib, which was fall off the bone and melted in your mouth. The beef tongue was delicate and melted away with just the pressure of your fork.  We kept it relatively short and sweet before calling it a night.  It's always nice to find another convienant spot that is low key but puts out great food.  Their beer selection was well rounded to boot and the service was really friendly.  I am anxious to return and try some of the dishes on the regular menu.Very calm place. Sophisticated crowd, good drinks. Didn't have any food so I can speak on that but the music was great. Lots of r&b and hip hop from the early 90's.This place might just have the best Burger in Philadelphia. I eat a lot of burgers and this might be it. They also have a descent beer list. Atmosphere is nice & cozy. Last night was my first time here and I can not wait to go back and have another burger!Great food. Terrific service. Our waitress was top-notch! Definitely visiting again.Great food, fantastic atmosphere, reasonable service. The restaurant is one of the nicer ones on South Street and the specials were fantastic.Amazing brunch burger!!! Love the atmosphere...and oh yea, the chocolate cake :)Love this spot! Cozy, warm and neighborhoody. Super reasonable prices. Nice dining room. Food was nice all around with the exception of the mussels which were disappointing. Will definitely return.Came here last month for my 1 yr anniversary. Cocktails were lovely and overall the food was pretty good. Highlight of the evening was the scallop crudo. Low point would have to be the oysters- while the oysters were in and of themselves quite tasty (fresh and sweet), they weren't opened properly so they were stuck to the shell and included fragments of shell. 
The space is quite small and cramped, and service was slow considering there weren't many other diners present. My advice - come for a few leisurely snacks and cocktails, but skip the oysters.Quiet brunch tucked away on South Street.
Same game, different city. Sunday brunch is such a young America tradition that waits are inevitable in any city you're visiting. Fortunately enough, The Good King Tavern had no wait when we called ahead, and when we arrived 10 minutes later, we were immediately seated. Throughout the meal I thought there must be something wrong with this place, but if there is, it's still a mystery to me.
Wood is the central theme to the interior design, and their menu was really well set up. I went for the tomato pork ragout, and my friend got the sausage gravy and biscuits. Our meals were served pretty promptly and while portions were a little smaller than expected, presentation was spot on. The flavors were also a treat. My ragout wasn't overly salty and had a very home-cooked feel to it. The softboiled egg was cooked to perfection and I loved how the yolk spilled over everything. My friend's meal was also fairly small but it wasn't too oily and fatty, which is common with biscuits and gravy traditionally.
We both wanted more food after finishing our entrees and decided to split a pecan waffle. If I had ordered the waffles as my main, I would've been a little disappointed, but the three small waffle pieces made for a great finish to our meal. The dough had strong hints of citrus and paired really well with the maple syrup and strawberry cream cheese / yogurt topping. The candied pecans added the extra crunch that made the dessert pop.
Service was great, as our server was very knowledgable, attentive, and courteous, and we never felt neglected. I'd definitely come back!I stumbled upon GKT last night on a date and it was a good thing!  I hadn't heard of the place but at first glance, it was warm and cozy.  I ordered the cauliflower gratin to start.  Um, can I have this in my life every single day?  To me, it was the vegetarian answer to mac and cheese - the perfect cheese sauce over cauliflower pieces, topped with crunchy breadcrumbs.  Amazing.  For my entree, I had the striped bass.  The bass was cooked perfectly in a muscles ju with a warm nicoise of thick sliced fingerling potatoes, greens, olives, and green beans.  I cleared my plate!  Dessert was bread pudding with homemade lavender icecream.  The bread pudding could've been warmer, but it was still delicious.  
I can't wait to come back.  This is a must try!We went as a group of 6 and made a reservation earlier in the day via Yelp. It was crowded for a Wednesday night but our table was ready for the time we specified. Overall, the service was great. The food came out fairly quickly and the house wine was reasonably priced. I ordered the Duck Confit (one of their signature dishes) and was thoroughly satisfied.Excellent food , cocktails atmosphere and service   Very cozy. Recommend for a date or girls nightSo myself and a couple of friends were going to go to Nomad Pizza last night but it was Monday and they are closed on Mondays (I guess chefs need to take a break once and a while right?). It was cold and we needed somewhere else to go. 
"Oh" my friend said, "Look, some people came out of Chick's". 
"But Chicks is closed"
"What is that place? There is no sign or anything..."
So , we went in. We found a very cozy tavern type place and we sat down at a booth. Soon enough a pleasant server came over and gave us some menus and told us they had just opened about a month ago. 
There was no name on the menu either, but at the bottom was the name of the chef : Paul Lyons. I recognized the name, googled it and remembered that he was the chef at Barbuzzo. 
"Oh, this may be pretty good" said I.
I was correct. 
The food was quite impressive. It is kind of a Mediterranean thing with French influences. We had a bunch of plates (all appetizer sized) : 
Socca : A+, the bread things were amazing and the Ratatouille (ahh, so that's what it is) was awesome!
Brussel Sprouts : Also quite good. The preperation is less burned than most and one would think that would be a bad thing but this worked. This plate I will order many more times in the future.
Octopus : This was a great dish, made even better by the Skate Balls (the best thing I ate all night.. more please!)
Eggplant : Tasty ... I didn't have much of this since my friends shared it till it was gone
Stuffed Bell Pepper : My friend loved that this was only $8.. Apparently a very good deal.  I liked it, but not as much as the other plates
French Dip  : This was more of a full entree size and it was a bit of a let down after all of the other plates. It wasn't bad at all but it wasn't special in any way except the Ciabatta bread. Otherwise it was kind of cheezesteak like.
For dessert I got this amazing chocolate thing. I forget the name but it was not unlike the thing you desire at barbuzzo (I forget that name too).
Overall it was quite good. The service was really friendly but a bit slow. To be fair, the place was packed.
Go here.Came here on a Sunday night and they were offering 1/2 price wine bottles.  We had a really good unfiltered riesling (unfortunately I forgot the name!)To start, we had the socca, pea croquettes, and the escargot.  All were excellent, the escargot had a killer pesto-y sauce and the pea croquettes and a really wonderful flavor.  Grilled artichokes came compliments of the house and this was a fun dish to share.
For entrees, my husband got the morteau sausage.  These were very good and the sausage tasted so fresh (made in house)!  The salad nicoise was very light and refreshing.  
For the amount of food and the quality of the food, the price is fantastic.  The wait staff were very friendly and helpful with the menu.  Definitely will be coming back to try some of the cocktails and other menu items.When you walk in, it smells like butter. Worth 5 stars right there!! But really, eat and drink here beucase you will leave happy and satisfied. Octopus is awesome, perfectly spicy and tender. Great atmosphere and wonderful staff. You won't be disappointed!Had been to TGK a bunch of times for drinks  - but had dinner for the first time last night.  Terrific cozy ambience, very friendly servers, excellent food and great drinks.  and the kids were happy.
Monkfish skewers were amazing as were the moules frites, croque monsieur and sausage.  Burger was ok.
all in all - just a great neighbourhood place.  definitely going back soon.- TIP:  The fries may be the best thing on the menu.  And that's saying a lot because it's a great, focused menu.
- CON:  Food is better on some days than others.  
- BOTTOM LINE:  For an average of ~$15/entree, it's hard to beat the quality of the simple, yet inspired food at this French neighborhood bar.  Paired with a solid bar, you can enjoy both short & long stays here -- a great first date spot.I'm in the neighborhood and like that good king is there as an alternative to the typical loud and crowded south street scene. I'd classify it as somewhat of an upscale neighborhood bar/restaurant,  very similar to Southwark. Their cocktails and beers are great. I've only had their bar fare but enjoyed it.Loved this place! From the quirky menu items, to the EXCELLENT service - a dinner to remember!Stopped in for a quick bite and drink during lunch time. Attentive service and wasn't that busy. Had a couple of bumps: French onion soup was a bit salty. Escargot was great. I had a drink as well, which I am pretty picky about, I found the corpse reviver a little heavy handed on the vermouth. Was more red than a warm copper, maybe the calvados became overpowered, could use fine tuning. I'm curious to come back and try again for the service.Hate to give this place a bad review because the cocktails & food were tasty and the service was great. A few days after we ate there I was going through my receipts and saw we were overcharged $40 for a steak that was on the specials board. I emailed the restaurant twice with no response, it's very disappointing to not get a response from the management for a mistake in their system.While I heartily agree with what has been said about the service (good), food (excellent) and drinks (good), I'll give Good King only 4 stars today.
It is a wonderful 2nd act to (a favorite) Chick's and I'm glad we in the neighborhood have a place to ourselves.  Almost everything here is perfect. I like the blend of modern & mid-century cocktails and menu items. 
The 2 items I'd suggest improve are (1) turn the music down - it is too loud for dining - ok for a bar (I guess); and (2) instruct your wait staff to not interrupt diners when they see them talking. The interruption is a pet peeve of mine - especially if the waiter/tress is simply asking if everything is OK.  Polish that and lower the music or play mid-century lounge music and I'll give it the 5 stars it (really) deserves.
Welcome to the neighborhood to this savvy owner and her team.  I have a feeling this gal will be ruling the restaurant biz in the City soon ...
DD@PhilaThe food here was excellent.  It's simple and delicious.  We shared the cheese board, Flank steak and  the burger.  Very good comfort food and quite affordable.  The servers carry themselves like four star waiters and dress like hipsters, it's a unique experience.  Nice selection of wines too.Went here with my husband and my in-laws. The food were incredible!!!!!!! Definitely recommend the meat board. I had the house made falafel, which was great, but the TGK burger my husband ordered was to die for! Portion was surprisingly big. It's a little bit on the loud side in there but not enough for me to take away any star. Give this place a try and you won't be disappointed!!!Up there as a best French restaurant in philly. Steak was incredibly tasty, and the dessert was out of this world.POT DE CREME; order it. die happy. 
Finally could have a drink this time and managed to have an old fashioned and it was a very solid full flavored cocktail. 
Grilled octopus, eggplant 3 ways, cheese board to lose your mind to with salty savory goodness, frites, mussels in a nice light red sauce, don't forget to end with the pot de creme; from the person who doesn't order or really eat desserts, it is a must.I had visited Good King Tavern a while ago for drinks and snacks, so I as eager to make a trip back for a proper meal. We were in a grazing mood, so we stuck to their openers and small places. The specials board was calling to us, and the duck hearts in particular were quit delicious, but the highlight was the grilled artichoke off of their regular menu. The accompanying smoked shallot aioli was the kind of sauce that you want to slather every sandwich in and maybe use as a face cream or something. Heaven. Their cocktail menu is thoughtful (Le Diable is a highlight) as well as their rotating wine selection. The ambiance is definitely a big selling point at Good King - this is a great date place.I came here a few weeks ago with a friend and we shared brussel sprouts. The brussel sprouts were amazing, probably some of the best I've ever had, but also probably some of the unhealthiest (I wont' describe it since a picture will probably be a better source of explanation). I got the house made falafel for an entree. It wasn't bad but it didn't blow me away either. I'd definitely had better (and for cheaper).
Dessert was bread pudding with lavender ice cream. I thought it was very good but I'm also a sucker for anything sweet (the ice cream was not significantly lavender-y). 
Overall it was kind of underwhelming. I wasn't outraged because the prices were reasonable and I enjoyed the atmosphere, but I won't be coming back for the food if I do come back.Fantastic place!  My wife and I have been there twice.  Cocktails -- interesting, great.  Appetizers: great.  Salads: great.  Entrees: great.  Dessert: great.    Wonderful atmosphere, warm, not too noisy.  Service and staffing:  even better!  Worth the trip.Just finished a Valentine's Day dinner here with my husband and everything was absolutely delicious. Amazing ambiance and decor. Great music. We were really blown away by the food and service. One of Philly's best kept secrets.Dinner at the GKT can be divided into two parts.  The appetizers/starters are not good but the entres are.  Our party of four samples six starters or sides (escargot, mushroom croquettes, duck hearts, brussel srputs, and one other and all were mediocre and/or over salted.  Th escargot had no flavor, not butter nor garlic.  The duck hearts were overcooked.  The mushrooms were good but the croquettes were bland.  The brussels were undercooked.
The entres were good though.  Pork frites, steak frites, falaffel were all good.
The entres are very reasonably priced.  The appetizers/starters are a bit pricey but within the current overpriced norms in restaurants.
I think this is more of a neighborhood bar with good but not great bistro food.  Were the appetizers to be improved I would consider giving the GKT another star.  As it is, an average rating seems fair on balance.One of the best bars in Philly!!! Every drink we had was great, especially le diable, the clover club and the zombie. The ambiance is so warm and the bar tender was very friendly. Haven't tried the food yet but hoping to go back!What a wonderful little gem, lively and vibrant. We had a very good time there last evening, our cocktails were perfect, the reasonably priced wines and entrees were quite delicious. Don't  miss the artisan cheese and the house made charcuterie boards, outstanding.  Our server could not have been better. As a previous reviewer pointed out, the pot de creme is a must for dessert although I have to say, we shared the trio ice cream and bread pudding as well, both were terrific. We will be going back.One of the best of the best!  Delicious food, an upbeat atmosphere, and do they know how to pour a great drink!I've been here a number of times now, and it's consistently very good. The menu consists of a small core of dishes, which are fine but unexceptional. The rotating specials, though, are interesting and always excellent. They also have an amazing stock of unusual and very good wines. I haven't been there recently without discovering an amazing, reasonably priced wine. Many of them come from small production or new vineyards, and are hard or impossible to get elsewhere. MI will definitely go back for the French 75 (had 2) and the brussel sprouts (with a basil chevre tapenade, crispy hazelnuts, and chipckpeas). This place is amazing and with drinks, a salad, and brussel sprouts total came to $40. Will definitely go back again!Excellent spot! Great food, great ambiance, and amazing music! Servers were on top of it. Beer and cocktail list bomb.com!The high priests of butter & salt are working their magic to perfection at this French bistro in a former Irish pub with a great play lost. 
Duck breast.... Crispy and melty.  
Steak frites... Beefy & crunchy.
Chocolate mousse... Created by the chocolate gods.
Why go to Paris when you can eat here.I live half a block away from The Good King and have eaten there multiple times. I'm obsessed with the place. Never once had a bad experience. The beer and wine selections are ever-changing and wonderful, and the food is just fantastic. I've eaten just about everything on the menu. The meat and cheese boards, fava bean tartine, game hen, Brussels sprouts, warm winter salad, octopus, and asparagus flan are all stand outs. The service is impeccable, striking the balance between attentive and officious while never being intrusive. Plus the staff is always friendly and accommodating. This place just rocks. It can be hard getting a table compared to when they first opened, but I am happy The Good King has become so popular. Try it. You will not be disappointed.This is my heaven in Philly.  This is my eat ramen all month then GO CRAZY place.  I was once feeling really gluttonous and gorged here three times in a week... don't do this.   The food is rich and delicious, the seafood is especially good and the wine is to die for.  Go cray on dat fancy shit. GET DA GOUT!
But seriously, very special whites and reds.  Less than spectacular escargot.  My favorite cheese and charcuterie plates for flavor and value.  Your boring friends will love the french fries.The wait staff was extremely knowledgeable and helpful in the menu choices. When our meal came, (short wait time) we were very pleased with our entrees. They were DELICIOUS and pretty! 
The creme brûlée, mixed berry dessert, and chocolate were fabulous! 
I will definitely eat here again when I visit Philly. 
YUM-O!Rye or whiskey drinkers will love it here.  The bartenders have a few spins mixing rye and amaro and these guys seem to genuinely enjoy making drinks and talking to people.  Will have to try the food next timeCame here a couple weeks back and totally forgot about it already.  Usually when I do that I throw the place three stars and say it wasn't memorable.  But when I looked back at the menu, remembered what I ate and drank, I was reminded "oh yeah, I need to go back there!".
The good:
- Wine - Love the "good, better, best" approach to glasses and bottles.  They go $20-$25-$30 for a bottle so even if you get the "best" you're spending less than most restaurants charge.  Was the wine any good, do I know what I was drinking?  Yes, I actually enjoyed the "better" pinot noir I had, especially for $25 a bottle.  I don't really care what brand it was.  More places should do this.
- Steak - I had the Diane, my girlfriend the frites.  Hit the freakin' spot.  Both under $20 and plenty of food to satisfy even a big boy like myself on a Friday night (the 3 glasses of wine helped too).
The not so good...but really not that bad.
- Service - bristly.  The words the waitress was saying were nice but the WAY she said them wasn't particularly.  Get what I mean?
- Steak - I thought you said it was good!  No no, I said it hit the spot...but was a little gristly.  Which is OK for a less than $20 steak, but was tough because they didn't offer proper steak knives.
This is a solid spot I see myself coming back to many times.  The negatives really weren't that bad, the place was packed yet not overwhelming, and could easily bump to a five star spot.Steak tartare to give your tongue a mouth full of orgasmic goodness - thank you DAVID ANSILL!!!!!!  Like that there's Reggae music - mellow, helps digestion, decent barWent to The Good King Tavern for late Saturday brunch with four out-of-town girlfriends.  It did not disappoint.  The ambiance was ideal for chatting and catching up - the place was abuzz, but no screaming necessary.  
We shared an order of pommes frites, and seriously went silent as we blissfully dipped each one into the aioli and savored its salted goodness.  Yes, I'm still talking about pommes frites here.  Entreee-wise, I'm a vegetarian, and ordered the Socca - a $7 combination plate with chickpea patties and sides of salad and ratatouille.  The price was right ($7) but the taste even better.   
Our only lament: Upon leaving, we realized we REEKED of friend food (or maybe onion).  All the husbands and boyfriends mentioned it, separately, when we walked into our respective homes!  I tried Febreeze-ing and hanging my (week-old) winter coat out in the fresh air, to no avail.  It needs to go to the dry cleaner - and my friends are all doing the same.   If it weren't for this little buzzkill, I'd have given The Good King Tavern five stars.I went here for my birthday dinner with two other people this Saturday. We had a 9pm reservation and were seated immediately. Our waiter seemed a bit busy when we got there and I was worried that our service wasn't going to be ideal since we had a bit of a problem with our wine order. However, when our waiter returned, he offered to pay for our bottle of wine and let us choose what house wine we wanted (we chose the best pichet which was a chardonnay). He was very apologetic and we were more than happy that our wine was going to be comped. The whole meal was delicious from start to finish. I ordered the special, which was Cornish Game Hen, and the spring vegetable stew underneath the hen was delicious, as was the perfectly cooked meat. To finish, our waiter brought us each a dessert wine on the house and a dessert (since my sister had briefly mentioned it was my birthday). He went above and beyond and it made our experience that much more enjoyable. I will definitely be back given that their prices are so reasonable for the quality of food that is served. I especially love their reasonably priced house wines as well.So unbelievably good and prices really reasonably! Great drinks, staff, food, atmosphere and variety! If you're in Philly, go here!What a great addition to the South Street neighborhood!
A great light dining spot with expertly mixed cocktails.  Beautiful room with a great copper hammered ceiling and walls, lighting, and fans.  Not too loud, not too quiet, just right for a quick, casual dinner.
The dishes are smallish (although appropriately priced) but high quality, well balanced and expressive.
A big thumbs up, I'd give it a five, but I tend to reserve that for a truly amazing experience these days.Awful service, and really disappointing. We live in the neighborhood and braved the storm to have a few drinks. The bartenders were incompetent, hostess was over the top rude, and we were totally surprised with the attitude. Have lived in the city for 20 years, we thought we had seen it all. Apparently not.  everyone in our party had the same impression. Very rude, and I was embarrassed that I had suggested it.Excellent spot! Great food, great ambiance, and amazing music! Servers were on top of it. Beer and cocktail list bomb.comCame here on a recent Friday night. The energy was high and the service was good. The food menu is small, but the specials were on point. Food was decent. Draft list is decent. Definitely worth checking out.How cute is this place? I came here based upon a recommendation from a waiter at one of my favorite restaurants. I was not disappointed. The price was right, the drinks are sublime, and the meal was even better. If they are open on NYE, I will be there celebrating right at the bar in a blue velvet dress.Get here before the world discovers it.  Perfect food in a friendly tavern atmosphere.  Go there now!Big fan of the cocktails and ambience! I have a feeling this will be a regular spot of mine.I order to go cause i didnt have time,but the place looked nice.i had the duck with shitake mushroom asparagus and potato,it was good it would be perfect if the jus was like a creamy sauceI write this review after eating the French onion soup on a freezing winter night-seriously the best I've ever had. Just get it, then get a second bowl. 
I have been here for date night, casual drinks, and to entertain out of town guests. Every time it hits the spot. The food and decor are refined yet comfortable
The French pub thing really works. The menu has a great mix of options to please everyone. Escargot and frog legs for the adventurous, solid burger and ridiculously good fries for the more reserved. The chefs here know their stuff, I've had most of the items and have never been upset. 
Wine and beer lists are great for the average diner, good diversity of options. Cocktails are on point. I recommend the Poirette-bourbon, all spice, really nice in the winter. 
Service is always solid. Attentive and relaxed, fits the vibe if TGKT.I came here as a visitor to Philly and I love places like this. The Good King Tavern has a  local pub/dive feel to it and was really welcoming and comforting. The crowd and bartenders were chill and friendly. 
I ordered the French onion soup, which hit the spot on that cold night. Their Spicy Octopus appetizer was even better. The octopus was perfectly grilled with the chili marinade and the spiciness was enough that it didn't overpower the flavor of the octopus. My Sazerac cocktail was delicious. 
Check out the chalkboards posted for their specials.I have  mixed feelings about writing this review because I would like to keep this place a secret for myself and close friends. However I know the word will eventually get out so I might as well start the ball rolling.
   The Good King Tavern is just phenomenal. It is the quintessential neighborhood pub with a unique French  slant that  makes it a very special place.
   I am not going to bore you with exactly what I ate and how good it was instead I just want to proclaim that this pub has it all. Great food and drink at reasonable prices served by a friendly staff with a gracious owner present to make sure all is well.
For some reason my review was not  recommended by Yelp so I will add some more specifics
I had the escargot appetizer and the mussel special as an entree with home made ice cream for dessert. My wife had the salad and TGK hamburger.Both of our meals were exceptional.Extremely noisy on Sat night.
Brussel sprouts , cheese board, and pot de creme--really really good. Otherwise. not so exciting. Steak frites was mostly frites, and the steak was cold.
Wouldn't run back.The Good King Tavern is one of our go-to spots for brunch and dinner! They're cocktails are excellent - the one in the photo is made with gin, celery water and cracked black pepper and is extremely refreshing. I definitely recommend it. The socca is a favorite of ours - the chickpea pancake is super crisp on the edges and really delicious, but you can't really go wrong with ordering anything on the menu, AND they have a rotating selection of duck entrees. A must try.The best way to describe this place is casual French- it's good, but I wouldn't say you HAVE to go to this place if you're in Philly. 
We ordered the Brussel sprouts, duck confit (smaller portion), the grilled pork loin, steak frites, and the burger. Surprisingly the best item was the burger-- the beef patty was just deliciousness!
I enjoyed my pork but wouldn't have to return here. They have three price points for wine which was nice... Menu is a bit limited though like other reviewers have said. 
Oh and the downside was the creme brûlée was too burnt-- and more of a flan than brûlée filling. Still good, but nothing to write home about!Good ambience and solid food. 
I was so happy we were able to get in on a Saturday evening without a reservation for a party of 3. The food options were pretty solid and great for vegetarians and meat-lovers alike. My friends and I ordered the cheese platter, Sacca, tartine, and the duck confit and shared everything. 
Despite not being a cheese lover, I loved the platter that the Good King Tavern offered. It was very nicely laid out and had a good range of cheeses, fruits, and bread. You can also ask for more bread at any time. The sacca and tartine were both petits plats (appetizers) so they were very shareable. I loved the chickpea bread in the tartine and creamier texture of the pepper/tomato spread went perfectly with the crunchiness of the bread. The duck confit was also to die for! 
We completed the meal with the chocolate creme and the bread pudding. I thought that the chocolate creme was a little too sweet for my liking but the bread pudding had my favourite texture (between crunchy and squishy) so I absolutely enjoyed it.
Overall, the restaurant has great ambience, so that you can hold a nice conversation without the fear of others overhearing, with friendly service and great choices from the menu. However, the one downside is how small the restaurant is. I was turned away the first time I tried coming and they also kind of ask you to leave as soon as you finish your meal to make room for the next group. Still, I would definitely come back!Great spot with an inviting atmosphere and friendly service.
Started with grilled octopus which was expertly cooked. The char on the duck hearts paired perfectly with the crunch of the hazelnuts and the crisp sweetness of the grapes.
Bacon burger!!! Awesome, especially with one of their draft beers! I had the Oktoberfest. The fries that came with the burger were irresistible.So it's 2018 and I'm screwed... I'm starting a Whole30 diet and I will miss out on the best preparation of muscles I have ever had. The muscles at The Good King Tavern Served with a grilled baguette, crispy shallots, and garlic cream is life changing. Lump fresh muscles and velvety garlic cream and the crunch of crispy shallots is unbeatable. Pair with a glass of French bubbly and it is last meal worthy. See you on the other side GKT. And keep if the amazing work!!!I hate to leave a negative review for a place I've enjoyed in the past but...there was part of a gum pack in our mussels. Not cool to find pieces of an orbitz carton in the middle of your food. Worse when the manager asks if you could have placed it there. Um - how about ask your kitchen staff. Bright spot the super professional, highly attentive, and very concerned waitress. Make her your manager and set the kitchen straight. Not coming back.I'm getting thirsty and hungry just thinking about reviewing my visit to Good King.
The food was great. Though I felt the cheese plate was perhaps somewhat on the pricey side. The steak-frites smelled so good when someone else nearby was served that I had to have it. It was just as yummy as it smelled. 
The bartenders were awesome and kept us flush with good spirits. I'm a beer drinker, but I tasted some of my buddy's drinks and they were very good.
The atmosphere and staff was just fun and inviting and I'll definitely return.So...our first time here...and we were looking forward to it because we know chef ansil is doing the menu...and as always we weren't disappointed...escargot while sparse were good the Demi glass was excellent...bravo on that...the goat cheese brik was excellent...bravo there also...the mains were a lamb brochette for me...and if there's one thing ansil knows...it's how to cook lamb...very good...and while I'm not a particular fan of couscous...the saffron couscous was Very tasty...wife had the rainbow trout which she promptly finished off if that's any indication! And we were compted a beet salad which as luck would have it is my wife's singularly favorite salad...the drinks...mine a knob creek old fashioned and wife's...a mojito were made very well...also we did see a cheese board go by that we will have to try next time...and I'm always up for a good hamburger. We'll be back!Disappointed in this place. If you consider yourself a French restaurant, you really have to make a decent steak frites. What I received was sliced beef medallions in a canned mushroom sauce. The beef (which I think was a London broil) was overdone and way too salty. It would also help if they turned down the hipster vibe and smiled once in a while too.Stopped in for a light dinner and some beers on Friday night. And I had a really great experience. The weather was nice so my friend and I were able to sit outside (the place was fairly busy but we were seated immediately). We didn't delve too deeply into the food menu. We each ordered a soup (split pea and French onion) which we were both very satisfied with. And then we noshed on the arugula salad and brussel sprouts which were also tasty. Can't wait to come back again for dinner and try their entrees but also good to know they have some lighter options if you're not super hungry. 
Draft list had a nice variety of beers as well.So good, we went there twice in one week. I feel Paul Lyons @lyonspw is doing great things in the kitchen. We went there on a Friday night and sat at the bar to eat. Bartenders were friendly and engaging, kept our wine glasses full. We Missed the skate special that night, but ordered the frog legs, escargot, and Brussels sprouts to start. Everything was full of flavor and cooked perfectly. For our main courses we had the spicy octopus and the steak frites. They were equally delicious.
Later in the week Chef Lyons tweeted that skate was on the menu again. We made an early reservation to make sure that we would not miss it this time. Perfectly cooked and served in a flavorful safron cream broth. We also shared the chocolate pot de creme for dessert.
This is a great addition to the neighborhood and would highly recommend it.This place is now one of my most favorite eateries in Philadelphia.  From service to the drinks and the food, everything was absolutely fantastic.
My wife and I grabbed a table outside on a beautiful Saturday night and were greeted by the friendliest of servers.  She gave us a taste of a sour stout on tap and recommended a beer that blew my mind.
The socca are really a must-order, and the brussel sprouts were fantastic as well.  The mushroom tartine was just as great as the "toasts" at Vernick, and the duck confit was almost too tender, with the most perfect potatoes to accompany the meat.
The prices are great as well.  It's definitely my kind of place.The bartender with the glasses and tattoos is awesome... Made some fantastic recommendations. Get the duck.My bleeding gums heart is not into this. The high-ish-end-ish atmosphere-ish they cultivate-ish while keeping prices very reasonable is probably their best feature. The food is not. I ordered a medium-rare burger, it came medium (not the biggest deal), but was very dry. I haven't had a dry burger since I broke up with my GF (to any exes reading this, I 100% don't mean you - this is a hypothetical GF) and she cooked me one final meal afterwards. 
The hummus was atrocious - hear me restaurant owners and chefs, here is how you make good hummus: take bowl and spoon out of the cabinet and drawers. Immediately return bowl and spoon, drive to supermarket, purchase Sabra Hummus. And you're finished.
The fries were delicious because MSG. Instead of normal salting they are dipped in the Dead Sea. 
I guess I'm not saying don't go there, I guess I'm saying don't order the burger.
Also, if you get a french press of coffee, make sure you push it down quickly or else it will leak onto your shoes. This may or may not have happened to me*. 
*It happened.Just love this place. Crowded, noisy, eclectic crowd. If that doesn't work for you come on a quiet night...though not sure which that would be.  Bartender was spot on some great drinks, food is outstanding. Not to be missed---duck confit is perfect, none better. Socca is a favorite, brussel sprouts and cheese board.  Great specials.  Actually nothing there disappoints, though the fava bean tartan is for garlic lovers only.  Service was a bit slow as the wait staff seems to have a lot of tables, we didn't notice as much as we were in deep conversation. Had to get up a couple of times though to flag our server. Kitchen gets a little bogged down too, but they do a pretty decent job of getting things out in waves. 
So for a friendly people watching scene with a great bar and interesting food, TGKT is a winner.Have been here several times- the food is amazing, the drinks are extremely well done and the service has always been friendly and knowledgeable. The inside is nice and bright. One of my favorites to take my friends for brunch when they visit. I can't wait for the warmer weather to frequent the outside.I tried Good King Tavern the week after it opened, and am very impressed!  The ambiance is cozy. The wine and cocktail menu was impressive.  The dishes were amazing. We started with the octopus appetizer. This was the best octopus I've eaten (and I've tried many!) It was cooked perfectly, very fresh, and served with arugula which perfectly complimented the flavors. Next, we had the seasonal salad. I enjoyed the colors, and flavorful vegetables, but the dressing was creamy. I would prefer a vinaigrette. For entree, I had the duck confit, which was also cooked perfectly and served with frisee and fingerling potatoes.  For dessert, we got the apple tart with lavender ice cream. I was disappointed because the apple filling was scarce, and the tart crust was overcooked. However, I've heard the chocolate pot de creme is the dessert to order. I'll have to go back!I love this place because they have rotating specials every day, an extensive wine selection, and wine by the glass (red or white) labeled "good" "better" and "best". The music was very eclectic, the vibe was an upscale chill, and the servers seem knowledgeable. The cheese plate we got was big and had some very lovely cheeses on it. I see that they sometimes have sweet breads and allegedly have dollar oysters during happy hour. I will absolutely be back!The food is always delicious and artfully prepared! We loved the special tomato salad with chevre-the taste combo was awesome and flavors blended beautifully. Brussel sprouts are superb as is always the grilled octopus.  Drinks are delicious and refreshing. Try the Aviation-it will take you to far places;) You need to come to this place for delicious food, superb drinks, and casual chic environment. Great neighborhood gem!!!My sister and I ate here tonight and I have to say it was absolutely amazing.  The staff was warm and friendly and the atmosphere was great.  I had french onion soup, warm root salad and the duck.  Everything was perfection.  I tried my sisters Steak which was the most juicy steak I've ever had.  We finished it off with a fabulous desert.  I forget the name, but it was whipped milk chocolate with caramel and I think butterscotch.  Everything was beyond fantastic.  We both left high on food.  I will definitely return!!!After 3 times visiting TGK (as the cool kids say it) I'm happy to report that I want to visit another 3 times and possibly 3 more times after that.
If you only get one thing here (and that would be a shame) make it a cocktail.  I'm not saying their food isn't lovely (it is).  I'm just saying they know how to design and execute a drink.  I'm sure they have something on their menu to suit any taste.
My first time, I had the steak frites and I was very impressed with them.  The flavor, the cook of the steak and even the frites themselves all were executed with care.  It was a memorable meal.
On subsequent visits, I've shared apps (meat board, brussels, fried sardinettes) and I had a scallop special.  I find that while I'm eating here, I have wandering eyes because each plate brought out looks equally as beautiful as what you're eating.  They definitely know how to inspire diner's remorse.
I love this place and I will continue to come here.My wife and I happened upon this little gem of a Resteraunt while walking down South Street. We were looking for a mid lunch dinner meal. We had the arugula salad which was just delicious and fresh. The meat tray is a must with a great variety of tasty, exquisite, unique, finely prepared and presented pate, duck, sausage, etc.  Brussel  sprout dish was excellent.  You would pay 50% more for the same quality in NYC.
Rick, the bartender also doubled as our server and prepared a wonderful, refreshing,  cucumber, gin drink for my wife. also a great selection of tap beer at modest prices. We also enjoyed the sidewalk dining.  We'll be back to try the rest of the menu!I came initially to the good king tavern for drinks and i was really impressed with their menus so i definitely had in mind to come bad. The drinks prices are on the upper side but they are real cocktails and i just loved every sips of the specials i got. I cam e back less than two weeks after for brunch with my girlfriend and ordered the egg Benedict and it was DELICIoUS!! It came on an english muffin and some meat with the obvious egg. It was all delicious! Definitely planning to go back eventually for dinner and i would recommend anyone to give a try to this place!The food is amazing here.  Plenty of vegetarian and seafood options as I don't eat much meat.  The prices are completely reasonable as well.  
The place gets packed on the weekends so a reservation is a must.  However, we came another time on Monday night and the place was ours.On a Saturday night it was crowded and very loud. Overly loud music didn't help. Two-top tables are close together. We had to speak up and with other diners so close by it was awkward. Food was quite good. Cheese board and octopus excellent. My morteau sausage was very tasty and my wife's steak frite was good but came out cold. Her fries were unremarkable. Servicers were fine, friendly.I have had several people recommend this place to me and finally got a chance to try it out.
TGK has great environment.  The service was good and the food was excellent.  I feel another trip will be required soon.Boy, oh boy, do I have a great brunch spot for you to check out! The Good King Tavern opened right around January 2014 in the Bella Vista neighborhood, but this charming brasserie has only been serving brunch for about a couple months now. It's a total hidden gem and I'm sure that the Sunday brunch line will be around the block soon enough, but before it happens you should get over there and feast on their special brunch items, and even try out some of the regular menu items as well. 
We started out with a few openers, the escargots, spicy octopus, and the lobster deviled eggs (from the brunch chalkboard.) EVERYTHING was delicious but the hit was the octopus, which was perfectly cooked and amazingly flavorful. The coffee is served in a small or large French press and we opted for the large coffee with a side of Bloody Mary's. 
After our openers left us in a culinary coma, our main entrees came out. I opted for the Open Faced Croque Madame which came loaded up with pork, cheese, a fried egg and a mustard mornay sauce. My other companions ordered the poached eggs with sausage, and the omelette with ratatouille and baguette. Everything was incredible. We really stopped talking for a solid 10 minutes as we privately indulged in our own plates. We finished off the meal by sharing the pot de creme which exceeded all of my wildest expectations. 
Since our first visit we've been back and had a chance to try the Duck Confit, which is out of this world. 
I'll definitely be back for future brunches and would even try it out for dinner too!Came back here after getting turned away from a long wait at other brunch places and was a little disappointed this time. 
I got the egg toast with mushroom melange this time and it was very blah. They just put 3 pieces of bread down and threw a sheet of scrambled eggs and way too many mushrooms across the plate. Wasn't even seasoned and I expected more. At least position the bland mushroom pancake with dash of egg on each piece of toast. Got a side of potatoes because they were so damned good last time, but they changed up  to have no onions and just big chunks of regular old greasy potatoes. Also side of bacon was 2 measely pieces of thin grease and fat ridden pieces.
We drank this time and got mimosas that they dont tell you the price. and then you get about 3 ounces for $8...crazy rip off...not that mimosa's arent always a rip off out, but those were itsy bitsy. Other people got some great meals and I still love the charm of this place,and enjoyed my little french press coffe, just very surprised with our second go around.no. came here at 11ish and sat at a booth. table service was horrible even though we offered to order at the bar. drink pours were small but I suppose some what accurately prided.. except that 5oz cider I paid $11 for ... it was shit and around 4.2% so what was I paying for ? we had radishes. which were good and House potatoes ... which were 90% mustard seed? killed the entire dish. very unhappy with the fact we got a bowl of mustard. it was loud and clicky. clearly the people at the bar were all friends with the staff and they got top priority. not returning.Love this bar! Always receive excellent, friendly service at the bar. Have only had the olives as far as food is concerned, but they are delicious. I love that they have commonwealth ginger cider on tap. Wines are also inexpensive. We always come in for a drink when we want low key but attentive service.Finally tried the food, after hearing so many people rave about it.  My final thoughts? Good, but not dying to go back.  
We started off with the warm winter salad, which itself was five stars.  Amazing taste and the celery root dressing was to die for.  
For entree's, I had the steak frites.  The steak was buttery and tasty, the fries I felt were way too salty for my liking.  My husband had the duck, which I wish I had ordered, as it was delicious, albeit a little salty (and we are people who LOVE salt!).
Overall, I wouldn't necessarily recommend Good King for the food, but if people were looking for a place to grab some cocktails, Good King is a definite win.Best addition to the neighborhood. The servers are knowledgeable or will graciously find out the answers to questions about dietary restrictions. The food is delicious with incredibly reasonable prices. Must try: socca. The winter salad is quite tasty too. I've tried most of the menu and find everything pretty flavorful. I was very nostalgic about Paris when I saw the cafe gourmand on the menu. Incredible way to end a meal with an espresso and a few nibbles of tasty dessert. I am bummed there's not a lot of extra room to hang at the bar but that's what keeps this place quaint and friendly.The GKT has always been one of my favorite places to get great cocktails and wine but for some reason I have never eaten there. Last night we went for dinner and it was everything I had expected. Bourbon cocktails to start, followed by the Escargot Anchoiade, Steak Tartare board and Brussels Sprouts. We ate every bite! For dinner we both ordered off the chalkboard menu - Black Bass in Lemon Buerre Blanc and the Duck Confit. Everything was fantastic! We will be back soon!Good King doesn't disappoint!
Great for date night. Great portion sizes, good bar, good menu, reasonable prices. 
Got the Blue Jean Baby cocktail- so yummy that had to get 2 more. Bae got 2 different cocktails which were also delish. 
Fried brussels sprouts are a must for an app. So. Dang. Good. 
Duck Confit was good. Duck itself was so tender and fell right off the bone. Potatoes and ruffage were oversalted for sure, coming from someone who salts everything.
Bae got the pan roasted chicken special and was very happy. 
Good vibes and friendly staff!I wish this place were closer to my house! When you walk in, it's energy screams dive bar. Then you see what's coming out of the kitchen and you know this place takes it's food seriously. It's just the sort of place that every neighborhood needs. 
I like their not-to-serious approach to wine ordering- good, better, best- especially since I often don't take my wine-ordering too seriously either. We scoped out the diners' plates around us and asked the waitress for her favorites to narrow things down, but everything looked delicious. We settled on the socca with ratatouille, the French onion soup, the octopus, the TGK burger, and the chocolate pot de creme. 
The socca and the chocolate pot de creme were my favorite dishes. I loved the earthiness of the socca, and the veggies in the ratatouille were just soft enough to make for the perfect spread. The pot de creme was more pudding-like than what I think of when I think of a pot de creme, but it was near ramekin-licking good. It made for a perfect shared dessert as my boyfriend scraped away the top butterscotch layer while I dug deep for the chocolatey goodness. 
The octopus was charred and tender, just the way I like it, but the portion was teensy. The soup and burger were very good, but just not as interesting as the others. 
Good food, good times, and good vibes is what this place is about.The quality you get for what you pay is The Good King's strength. Price-point = TGK is a friggin' superstar.
Seriously... the house reds; Merlot $5.5, Pinot Noir $6.5, Cotes Du Rhone $7.5... how do you do this TGK???
The fair is French-influenced, and they usually have a special that is service for two. It's a cute spot... small and inviting with good service. Again, quality vs price is a winner.
Solid foundation cocktails. Yummy deserts... even their coffee rocks. Dollar for dollar this place is a champion.All around delicious, friendly & knowledgable staff, cozy seats, cool bar, great menu & foodWonderful absolutely on the list for multiple returns !  Drinks , food and price perfect ... besides the atmosphere and all the staff making you feel welcome.  Patrick our server was great and one of the owners Chloe introducing herself  ... and welcoming us  ..... is certainly somewhere to try you will love it !I was super excited to try out The Good King Tavern, unfortunately I left with with a bad taste in my mouth.  The wine by the glass was great and very reasonably priced, our waitress was fantastic and the menu looked impressive.  However, the hostess was the rudest person I have ever encountered and the tavern would be better off firing her immediately!
We were greeted last night with a prompt 'what do you need' when entering the bar.  After asking for a table for two she rolled her eyes and told us that there was no room at the bar and if we were not eating she did not want to give us a table....despite the tavern being only half full at 9:00pm when we arrived.  After she huffed and puffed and threw a small tantrum we told her we would prefer a table and would likely be staying a while and might order a few apps.  She replied with, 'seriously' and gave another eye roll.  She eventually came back and slammed our plates, napkins and cutlery down while acting passive aggressive the entire time.  I was actually shocked and speechless.
Fortunately our waitress was lovely and helped to make up for our first impression.  The wine was great and the atmosphere was cozy.  All in all, I imagine we will go back at some point but I am in no hurry.  If we are treated this poorly again I will absolutely be asking for management, it would be unfortunate to give a lot of guests to a new establishment such a terrible first impression.
Hopefully they get rid of the terrible creature out front!Only popped in here for a quick beer, but really loved it! Can't comment on the food, but a nice beer selection and cute atmosphere. A nice option in the busy south street area, as this place is pretty quiet and you can get a nice seat at the bar.I walk past this tavern frequently and notice that is always packed since changing hands early this year. I gave the hostess, Emily, our name and she graciously called us when a table was open outside. Loved the salmon appetizer, everything was tasty well priced. Definitely be back.The place was surprising. In a pub setting we found unusual pleasant French food. The food was good and well prepared except for the bone marrow that was undercooked and needs to be sent twice back to the kitchen.My husband, our friends and I had such a wonderful experience at The Good King Tavern on Saturday! Standouts included the escargot, socca, brussel sprouts and steak frites. The warm atmosphere and delicious food was reminiscent of some of my favorite casual eateries in Paris. Such a welcome addition to the neighborhood!I expected more.  I had been previously to have drinks and was impressed enough to come back.  On the second visit, the cocktails remained very well executed.  However, the food leaves room for improvement.  I went with a large group.  The server recommended the cheese and meat platters.  These were good.  While I enjoy pate and other spreadable meats, the meat plate could use more hard meats/deli slices.  We also ordered the octopus, which I found to be subpar.  For a main entree, I order the croque monsieur, which was overdone and very dry.  My partner got the falafel, which was not impressive at all.  
Overall, the place is a solid 3.  It would probably more of a 2, but because of the prices being reasonable, I'll give it a 3.  I'll only be back for cocktails.Good king has great drink options and a great happy hour menu. The bars a bit cozy so we'll have to come back next time for dinner.The Good King Tavern is a great spot for brunch or dinner.  Their specials are always very good and a nice selection of craft beer on tap.A hidden gem! Good place for a reasonably priced casual dinner with friends - especially if you're more inclined towards drinking than eating. 
We had a group and the center high top was perfect for us to enjoy each other's company over a bit of Belgian/French food and beer.The Good King Tavern is a hidden treasure in the city! It sort of blends in with the block, which added to the cozy experience. I went for lunch last week with a friend of mine and we sat outside. The waitress was particularly friendly and very informative about both the drink and food menus. My friend got a mimosa which had a creamy twist on it while still tasting refreshing. I had a cocktail recommended by the waitress- "L'imposteur." This too, was very refreshing with a fresh, herbal quality. My favorite part of the drink menu is the wine grid. YES a wine grid- Who ever said a pivot table could only be used in the workplace? The wine is categorized "Good, Better, and Best," "red or white," and  "glass or pichet (750 mL bottle)." Whether you are using this to facilitate your decision making or closing your eyes and pointing to wherever your finger lands, this grid is fabulous.  
As far as the food, everything was delicious. The deviled eggs topped with duck were delctable- I highly recommend these as an appetizer if available. We also got the Socca (chickpea pancakes) served with a delicious ratatouille. Those were good. The croque monsieur was to die for- house cured ham and melted gruyere grilled to perfection- perfect if you are very hungry! The sandwich was served with a light salad which complimented the rich sandwich. 
The overall aura of the Good King Tavern was cozy and welcoming. The French bistro infleunce was on point.I would love to give this place more stars but the staff is very unfriendly. You know those places that you go to and the staff seems like they're better than you and you're an inconvenience? This is one of those places. Bartenders need a little attitude adjustment before this place goes downhill.Good King was a good choice for gift exchange with me and my main hoe a few weeks back. Since we were going to be hoping bars we wanted something in the neighborhood that offered wine and some snacks to get us started.
Order the sprouts you won't be sorry, The frites left something to be desired. Im very much anti limp things and these were the saddest, limpest fries i have ever had. We continued to eat them as the night progressed and the glasses of wines on our tab grew, drinks did not make them taste better and drinks tend to make things better in general.  I probably won't order these again. The house wines sit along a window seal and are un labeled ( sort of sketch ) but for 7.00 a glass it was very drinkable. 
Id come back for those sprouts and wine since the cocktail list looked a little meh and the house whiskey is rittenhouse rye blahhhh not good. Our bartender was super friendly and knew a lot about the "new" space.Great gastropub in the Queen Village area.  Terrific cocktails, great food and a well chosen wine list are all spot on at TGK Tavern.  Add to that a friendly and knowledgeable staff and you have one of the finest spots in town.  Highlights were the frogs legs, steak frites and octopus.Great local gastropub. I've been here for drinks, cheese board, dinner, and brunch. All meals were well prepared, service was solid, and the cocktails were on point. Very happy to see a place like this in the Queen Village / South Street area. Only note is that it's a small space and seating more than 6 would likely be tricky, though they do have a communal high top with more chairs.This is such a reasonably priced/amazing food quality tavern in the heart of Queens Village! It's a small space with a few outdoor tables... But it is definitely not a dive. The place is so inviting inside with bright colors, numerous chalkboard displays explaining the specials and other notable menu items and an amazing wait staff.
I took my girlfriend here because she loves places with a french twist and i was craving a really good burger. We didn't make reservations but got lucky on a Friday around 7:30 to get a table (the last open table I saw). Our waiter (I forget his name) was so kind and friendly - really added to the experience with helping us with our novice questions and general good humor. We had the chicken liver special appetizer and the socca board to start. The meat and cheese boards were suggested but we really didn't need that much food. The gf loved the chicken liver spread - I liked this too but it's just not my usual thing as I'm more of the go to italian place and get a calamari or bruschetta type app. It was very good quality though, even as good as Parc near Rittenhouse but at a fraction of that price. The socca board was also delicious - they actually handmade this so it will always take 15 minutes from the time you order this app.
I had the TGK burger (medium - and it was cooked to perfection) and my gf had the falafel. Both were big quantities with great quality and plenty of fries to accompany it all. To top off the amazing atmosphere and tasty food, the bar has Kenzinger on draft. Do yourself the favor and skip the expensive different IPAs ($5 to $7.50 each) and go with the always $3 Kenzinger that has a great taste while remaining light enough to drink as you devour multiple apps and an entree. We were too full for dessert but I have no doubt it would have been amazing. This place was a great date spot for a couple looking for a different take on tavern food.Seriously get here soon before the word gets out because once it does it'll be impossible to find a seat. The ambiance is so cute and very warm and welcoming. It's great for date night, girls night or a place to take your parents when they visit. My boyfriend and I came this past Monday prepared to stuff our faces. I could go on and on about how amazing each dish was but it would take an eternity!
Highlights:
Spicy octopus, mushroom croquettes, Brussel sprouts, MEAT BOARD(all made in house), frog legs, escargot, sweet breads
And they also have desserts. We tried the apple tart and bread pudding which both came with homemade ice creams. (apple tart-lavender ice cream and bread pudding-brown butter ice cream)
They have a great drink list as well. Nice beer line up, classic French cocktails and wines! I honestly can not wait to go back here and it is now officially my go to spot!ONION SOUP to die for. I think my girlfriend and I wore down the table from pushing back and forth so often. Not the type of thing you want to share - its way too good. The rest of the food was pretty good as well minus the radishes. Its literally a stick of butter and salt with raw radishes. Even the description grosses me out. The chickpea with vegetables dish was interesting and tasty but not amazing. The goat cheese ravioli was fantastic. It was very french and an interesting take on ravioli.
The wine is terrific. We were celebrating Phili wine week and they poured from large format bottles for magnum monday. After trying the white and red and only being mildly being impressed we got the best house red wine. It was from italy. Having just been in Italy in December we were impressed. 
This place is definitely on higher end of 4 stars and has a great ambiance relaxed but still a classy date spot.We checked this place out last week and will definitely return.
The drinks and food were great.  Will be returning for the foie gras and the truffle fries.  BEST TRUFFLE FRIES in the city!Great little French bistro/gastropub. A buddy of mine swears by this place and this is where he chose to eat for his birthday. They have a solid cocktail offering, some great wines and several good beers along with a full bar. I went with the fried artichokes with lentils, lardon and tapenade that was out of this world. I also had the escargot in garlic, which were great and served already shelled. My buddy had the tartare with fries that he thorougholy enjoyed. Great service, good prices and fantastic food..what more could you ask for?I'll start by saying the food here is amazing, I dabbled out of my ordinary and ended up with a dish that I didn't care for...but that was poor picking on my part. The bits and pieces I tried from my friend's plates was amaaaazing! So there's my good point! And I don't mean for it to sound back handed. I ordered beef tongue without asking specifics on the dish, I didn't realize it's a cold dish and has a combination of citrus and pomegranate on the salad. All things that aren't my taste, but I recognize that others totally dig this!
Anyways!
I have mixed feelings about my experience here. On Valentine's I was looking to schedule a reservation for a large group 10-16 people. TGKT only seats up to 6. So I originally made two reservations in hopes we could be seated near each other. When I looked a little more into it, I realized how small the location was and coming with that large of a group would possibly be an inconvenience and canceled my two reservations. TGKT contacted me and said that a larger group could be accommodated for Valentine's Day! 
This large group of people all came from working a convention, so we were stoked to be able to spend Valentine's among friends, over a great meal.
Everything went smoothly, ordering, food arrival, but our waitress definitely seemed stressed the whole time no matter how simplified we kept everything. By the end of our meal, when it was time to pay, our waitress said she could divide up the bill...which we originally all tried to keep individuals or couples separate. Since she presented the bill on one tab, she said she could divide them. She must have been overwhelmed because by the third couple she placed the bill on the table and said to just figure it out on our own. 
I understand people get stressed out. However it's difficult for me to comprehend why our business was accommodated (larger than average group), and then made to feel as if it was an inconvenience. For that I wouldn't recommend this place to my other traveling friends, even if the French fries are damn good.My fiance and I met another couple at Good King last Friday night around 5:30. We were seated by the hostess at a booth across from the bar. We ordered 2-3 rounds of drinks and some food to pick on. The hostess came over about an hour and a half later and asked us to move. She said that there were reservations made and that we would need to move to the bar area itself. She also stated that they give each able a "three hour limit" (which we had not yet fulfilled). I totally get wanting turnover of tables as I was a waitress myself...however...two tables around us were also asked to do the same thing. We would have absolutely stayed and spent much more money at this bar had this not happened. The hostess wasn't even apologetic or tactful about it. She was literally rude and cold....not the type of person I would want interacting with customers. 
The beer list is great and our picking food (pommes frites) was good as well. This in itself would make it worthy of a second visit (since we live only a few blocks away).This little place has a great cozy neighborhood feel, and the atmosphere is energetic yet relaxed.  I went here to catch up with a girlfriend last night, a Tuesday - and it was packed when we arrived at 7:30 and was still bustling when we left at 9:30.  I'd highly recommend making reservations since it seems that the word is out!
I tried one of the daily white wines - the picpoul - while my DP opted for one of the daily reds.  The wines were reasonably priced and very good, as I would expect from a French-inspired tavern!  I'm anxious to return to sample their cocktail offerings, too.
We split the brussel sprouts with goat cheese and hazelnuts for an appetizer.  The goat cheese seemed a little scarce, and the entire dish was VERY garlicky.  I am a huge garlic lover, so this wasn't an issue for me, but just know that when ordering.
I had the duck confit with fingerling potatoes, served with frisee and a somewhat-spicy aioli, and the duck was perfectly cooked with a bit of crunch on the outside and beautifully presented.  I would definitely order that again.  My DP had the moules frites, and from what I sampled of the red sauce, it was tasty!
Great service, although I agree with a comment from a previous review that they seem a bit eager.  Our server came to our table multiple times before we had much time to look at the menu and interrupted our conversation nearly a half-dozen times to check on how things were tasting.  Although - we were quite a chatty pair and it might have been difficult for him to magically appear at the table when one of us came up for air ;)
Excellent addition to the Bella Vista neighborhood and I'll definitely be returning!Good food.good beer. good service.
Don't go here I want to keep this place for myself.
Goat butter with radish. Moulles. Fries all very goodLoved our first experience at the Good King Tavern!  The drinks were great, as was the food, ambiance, music...guess you could tell we enjoyed it? The Brussels Sprouts were fantastic, as was the beet salad that was on the Specials board. My husband and I split a whole red snapper, that was on Special also-for only $26! We will be back and are bringing friends next time...I hate leaving a negative review but this must be documented...
Sunday afternoon bartender was an absolute douche bag. Ladies beware!  
I understand it's not his job to monitor a group of buzzed women but to charge them for 15 glasses of prosecco during a couple hours, never thinking to offer the $10 bottle as an option, and than when they cash out the bill is over $200 and all they had were Brussels sprouts, it's is just a crappy thing to do.
To make things even worse- he maintained quite a SMIRK as my friends paid the bill.  So Mr. GTL,  the Jersey Shore is calling for ya...you may have gotten away with your $40 tip, but your employer has lost future business of multiple women that reside within a 3 block radius. 
Truly a shame, I miss the old Chicks.Went again. The waitress was so annoyed by me my fiancé and my brother and her girlfriend. I'm not sure why - maybe she felt she was too trendy for us with her hipster pin up style. I hate reviews who take off stars for bad service because I come on here for the food but man she really put a bad taste in our mouths this second time around. She had very short answers to any questions and would just stare at us.. very awkward for a double date night in the city. 
Drinks: martini's were not good or strong. Everyone agreed. Finally just got a beer.
Food: for the mussels appetizer we got two pieces of bread for 4 people which I can get when being fancy. But we asked for more and we got a slice of bread on a plate. To make 3 total slices of bread. Can you imagine how we just looked at eachother and thought it was an episode of Curb Your Enthusiasm?
The rest of the food was Ok. I should have done the burger like I did the first time. The steak frites was so salty and I love salt. Just too much.
Sadly, not a good second experience.Happened upon this place on Mother's Day dinner time.   It's worth a visit. I'm a former Bellavista resident,  about 25 or so years ago, and  I was showing my 20 something around the old neighborhood. We were hungry and walked in and liked and decided to stay for dinner.  I did not know anything about the place except that the bar across the way said they got all their food from here.  Always like neighborhood type places, and It turns out it was a French tavern with a menu of French tavern dishes, and quite busy since it was Mother's Day dinner time.  Was not disappointed. She had a burger with fries and I had just a side dish of grilled asparagus, which came with pinenuts and a poached egg.  The portions were ample food quality was good  Did not realize how fortunate we were to find this wonderful place. They did not have a table available but did have an open family style table which we decided was fine for us. There was only two other people there and they left shortly after we arrived so we had the whole table to ourselves.That was good brunch! If you want to try simple and good food come here and you wouldn't regret! We got salad, steak and eggs and French toast. Steak and eggs were flavorful and had good amount of black pepper on it but over all was tasty. French toast had perfect fruit sauce which made the dish! The only one suggestion I would say about salad, I would add some other veggies, it consisted of three kind of lettuce and lit bit of onions.... So anyways we liked and we will be back again!I'd give this place 100 stars if I could! Me and my girlfriend had dinner here on a Saturday night after some South St shopping. We wound up sitting at the bar. We were both in agreement that this was one of the best restaurant experiences we have ever had. From the ambiance, to our bartender/server, to the food, to the drinks. Nice corner bar/restaurant with quaint rustic ambiance. The servers seemed young and cool. Our bartender/server, Charles, was amazing. I think he made the total experience over the top for us. He was very attentive throughout while he was putting on a show making drinks. His explanations and recommendations were thoughtful and meaningful. My girlfriend explained the type of drink she was craving and Charles created something of his own and nailed it. She had him make another and he nailed it again. The burger and fries were perfect. Tuna tartar and escargot were really tasty. The menu was fresh and simple. Also had their specials on the wall and behind the bar for easy reading. The music being pumped in was great and just the right volume which is not always the case. We'll be back here again. Do yourself a favor and check it out.My fiance and I returned at the behest of the manager after it was explained to us that our experience might have been due to a new kitchen who is still learning. I'm honestly not sure how they turned it around so quickly but talk about redemption and then some. We both ordered the salmon Benedict which was amazing and done perfectly. Our server was on point and very attentive. The fact that Chloe, the manager, handled our previous experience and turned it around into the place we love to frequent shows the professionalism and passion that this place has for good food and hospitality is incredible. Can't wait for dinner there :)First time trying this place and really enjoyed it. It is a relatively small space with a small bar. The hh wine offerings are nice and they do a generous pour. We had the escargot, French cheese puffs and the cheese board. Escargot were great, cheese puffs just ok I'm my opinion and the cheese board was large and very tasty. We actually were unable to finish it. Would definitely go back.Great vegetarian options. Easy going staff. I come here with my husband for a relaxing dinner, or with my mom or friends...This was a family outing. Grandma, mom, dad, college kid and two high schoolers. 
We enjoyed the evening. The server was great, explaining the dining options well and being very attentive and friendly. The food was very good, with interesting options to explore. The atmosphere was relaxed and upbeat. 
Only slight asterisk is I would have liked more menu options.Service was terrific.  Food was wonderful as well.  Country pate was absolutely authentic and nicely presented. Fried sardines are worth a try, but may be addictive.  The bar is first class.Lovely vibe but my meal was disappointing. House whites were a step above Barefoot. (They offer house wines in three grades, good/better/best, and best was not so great.) Steak quality was below par. If the color gray was a flavor, that would describe the meat. The menu called my dessert chocolate but what I was served was drenched in caramel - tell me that before I order it.Very nice and friendly restaurant. Was here during a business trip. Great find. Highly recommend the escargot in a butter, bone marrow, capers and anchovies sauce. "To die for". I had the duck breast which was very fresh and delicious.This place opened about a month ago right around the corner from me, and I have been twice and have loved it both times. The food is reasonable and they have a good selection of wine, beers, and champagne.  The service is impeccable and the ambiance is warm and inviting. 
The first time I went it was with a group, and we ordered several things from the menu and shared. Everything was amazing. The second time I went I was with my boyfriend and we both ordered the steak frites and escargot. The steak was cooked perfectly and the fries were perfectly crisped, which went perfectly with my champagne.  The escargot was buttery and delicious. 
I am looking forward to this restaurant being in the neighborhood and dining there more often!Disappointing. Wine listed as good/better/best with no description, ordered "better" since waitress said it was Malbec. Very bad/cheap tasting wine. Had Brussel sprouts for app, were ok, wouldn't order again & I love Brussel sprouts :(
Boyfriend ordered $17 chicken beast entree because it came with artichokes & potatoes. Breast was bland but cooked perfectly. Literally only 4 artichoke leaves on plate, for $17, ridiculous.
The worst was the eggplant gratin. Came swimming in oil, which I poured out of the dish. The eggplant was chewy & salty, sauce tasteless, overall awful dish, please take this off! 
Heard good things about this place but will not return. Food very disappointing & no redeeming qualities in service or atmosphere.Ever since Hoof and Fin closed two years ago, I've been aimlessly searching the city for a skirt steak that can compare. Low and behold, I've found it. The Good King Tavern has perfected the skirt steak. It was tender. It was juicy. It was cooked to perfection. To accompany the meaty piece of heaven, they serve crack fries on the side. They literally sprinkle some magical delicious dust on their french fries. They are highly addictive. 
My friends and I all shared bits and pieces of our meals, and everything I tasted was amazing. The Good King is more than good; it's great.This place is legit.  Cocktails are very good and so is the food.   
Shared steak tartare and escargot to start.   Escargot is not your standard oil and butter variety, it's taken out of the shells and put in a want to drink it right out of the bowl sauce.  Perfectly prepared and tender.   
Dinner we went with a lamb special and duck confit.   The lamb was okay but the duck confit is a star.  Wow.    Best duck confit I've ever had, by a fair margin.   
Only complaint is the portions are a tad bit small, especially the starters.  We had 2 apps, 2 entrees, and split a desert and I was still a tad bit hungry.  That along with 2 cocktails and the bill was $110.    That should be enough to order for a couple without leaving hungry.Looking for a new restaurant to take your friends to? it's going to be here. 
When you walk in there is an immediate buzz and a very neighborhood feel to the bar and narrow seating that opens to a larger dimly lit room that feels of being inside an old Victorian home matched up with a French Gastropub. 
As for food, this place is damn good and the inspirations are clearly from personal travel by the staff to France. 
We started the meal with the meat board: sausage, a pate, and duck confit. There were a variety of jams and cheeses and sliced baguette that made the board to match up the meat with. We fought for the last bites. 
Grilled octopus over baby arugula with a lemon vinegarette. Tasted like a Mediterranean cookout. Divine. 
The burger with frites and an aioli on the side will hit all your guilty pleasure notes and leave you satisfied. 
Steak seared properly with frites leaves little to be desired. 
Sausage hand crafted and inspired from France. 
Finally get the trout, comes in a light glaze with a variety of veggies. Satisfaction. 
Wash this all down with an old fashioned or another specialty cocktail and you're good to go. 
Leave room for the chocolate brulee infused with butterscotch hazelnut brittle. 
The Good King gets a 5 star yelp crown.So good! The Old Cuban drink was light and tasty while leaving a great buzz. The skirt steak delicious with seasoned butter cooked medium rare. Will definitely be coming again!Hands down my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia! Sure, some of this is personal preference, but I can't imagine anyone disliking the great vibe, the well-priced, amazing food, the specials, the noise level, and the drinks! For locals and tourists, this place is a gemThis was our first time here. The atmosphere is pleasant with the choice of booths, tables, a bar or outdoor seating.
Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and made suggestions. We enjoyed escargot, endive salad and duck confit. It was all delicious and I would highly recommend any of these items.I had a very nice dinner of small plates at Good King Tavern.  When we arrived around 7:00 pm it was pretty full, but they squeezed us into a small table in the middle of the room.  Our server was friendly and attentive, and all our food came out promptly.  Some of it was very good, although some made less of an impression.
Things that were awesome:
- cheese board; beautifully presented, wide spread (pun intended) of fare
- octopus; so tender and flavorful, I've never had anything like it
- $5.50/glass wine; good quality for what I would consider a happy hour price
- fries; crispy, chewy, salty, garlicy, tossed in nutritional yeast for some extra oomph
Thinks that were ok:
- escargot; maybe they're trying to branch out from the traditional pesto sauce, but I happen to love that stuff; the way these were prepared was a bit underwhelming
- pot de creme; the chocolate was rich, silky, and all things delicious, nicely balanced w/ a dollop of fresh whipped cream, but I was distracted by the crunchy bits sprinkled on top that gave it a grainy texture; I would order it again with just the whipped cream
Overall good experience, will definitely be returning.What a delicious dinner. Among the five of us we tasted five entrees and had a wonderful Monday night.  Cocktails were tasty. Nothing with brown butter is ever bad. Definitely a place we will come back to.One of my favorite places in the area. We come often. Their draft list is always unique and filled with tasty beers and usually one cider and they also have good specials like $3 Kenzingers. 
The menu is filled with French cuisine including frog legs, escargot, steak tartar, cheese boards, meat plate, french onion soup, and more. The specials each night are usually incredible, but watch out! They go fast. 
The environment is intimate booth seating with a community table, bar seats, and a few tables both inside and out. The usually blast 90s throwbacks, which is awesome, and the scene is intimate, yet warm.
Bonus: Their kitchen is open until 1. No more Lorenzo's for me! I found my new late-night snack spot.Meh, not really impressed. My fiance and I both ordered one of our favorites, the croque madame. It came out quicker than usual and upon further inspection the cheese wasnt even melted. Still tasty but I don't enjoy the lack of attention by the kitchen. Our server wasnt incredibly attentive either. We were both finding it rather difficult to cut through the madame with the regular knives and we were going to ask for steak knives but since he didnt check back until we were almost done, we didnt have the opportunity. What a shame, this was one of my favorite brunch places but what a letdown. Ill probably give it another shot but not anytime soon.Easily one one of the best meals I've had in Philly. The Onion Soup is the best French onion style soup I've ever had. Sooooo good. My hubby had the Salad Verit, The Steak Frites were delicious and the Creme Brûlée was outstanding! I was also digging the 70s/80s R&B music :)
Can't wait to come back and try brunch.One of the most overrated restaurants in Philly based on my experience. I've been here twice and was disappointed both times. The last time I had dinner with 4 people and all of us had something wrong with a dish. The recommended wine was not good. The fries were soggy. The steak was tough, chewy and came out sliced the wrong way (given the cut, should have been sliced against the grain, not with the grain). Maybe those were off nights for them, but there are too many good restaurants in this neighborhood for me to risk ever coming back.Not really worth the trouble. Went there for my wife's birthday, The food was mediocre at best. 
For appetizer we had the crispy chickpeas and the socca. It was good but nothing to write home about.  For entree I had the lamb, which was quite tough. I really did not enjoy it and couldn't bring myself to finish it. My wife had the duck confit. It was ok, but not a "wow" experience.
The service was good, which is why I give it two stars.Lively yet romantic atmosphere and really great French food. So delicious, and the prices are good. We will be back!Came here last minute after our initial dinner plans fell through. The waitstaff were very accommodating and super friendly. For dinner, my boyfriend and I split the artichoke salad as an app. It was amazing! For entrees, my boyfriend had the croque Monsieur and I had the steak frites.. Both of us were very happy with our food. Will definitely be back if we find ourselves in Philly again. Oh and by the way, it was nice to see that the manager was there and engaging with the guests. Always a bonus in my book!The food is really good here but the "hipster vibe" is just too much.  
Deviled eggs with duck are amazing, a slight citrus highlight over the rich shredded duck...if only the egg itself wasn't served soo cold, it would have been a 10/10 if the egg white was at least room temperature.
Mixed green salad consisted of wilted and slimey lettuce tossed in a pungent mustard vinegarette with two small pieces of goat cheese on bread...not sure what's "tossed" here as there was nothing else in the salad...def avoid ordering this (and at $6 is barely a side salad's worth).
Croque madam has the same pungent mustard dressing ontop and a strange onion mixture. The frisee  salad in the side was browning and slightly wilted and the eggs yolk was cooked all the way through.  Overall, the dish didnt' really work.Food was great and portion size was perfect. Service was ok- not great. The waitress had a haughty attitude. When we left- we reeked of onions for hours. The one really big draw back.The food was awesome - I am a big fan. Two stars off for the loud music, which was not awesome: music was nothing special and the volume made it impossible to have a conversation. The place was packed at 6:30 PM and everyone had to scream to be able to hear each other. I really wish I could have ordered beyond appetizers, but we had to go across the street to a pizza place so we can talk. Would I come back? Probably if I were alone.The total package.
I had a very enjoyable dinner with friends this past Saturday evening. Our server (Patrick) was attentive without being overbearing, knowledgeable, and proved to be patient with what I freely admit is my odd ability to drink more water than a camel after a marathon. The owner (Chloe) stopped by our booth to see how our meal went and was happy to answer a few of our questions about the room.
A round of their specialty cocktails* started the meal off in good form. The spicy octopus and cheese plate to start was a great decision. Entree's were the Morteau Sausage and the Croque Monsieur. Hearty, delicious, and served (both) with delicious au gratin potatoes.
I was too full for dessert, but the apple tart my cavernously-stomached friend enjoyed was reportedly great.
I can't wait to take my Francophile parents here to prove how "in" my city knowledge is. Upon revisiting, I'll add another review with their feelings on the wine quality, which I can't speak to but is certainly an important piece of French dinner spot.
Come here. You will not be disappointed. 
*Cocktails tried
Sazerac: excellent
French 75: good
Old Fashioned: excellent
Rum Punch: excellentI went to the Good King Tavern for brunch.  The french food was excellent.  I enjoyed their bahn mi sandwich and a kir royal.  My girlfriend got the lobster omelette.   We shared a dessert sampler plate.   I thought the booths were very comfortable and I would like to return here again for food in the future.Really enjoyed our dinner at Good King Tavern last night. The difference between Chicks and the now Good King upon entry is immediate. Its lively! With Chicks I always felt like I was walking into an eatery of bygone era that was ready to board-up shop...oh wait...
But now the inside is intimate, buzzing, and lively with upbeat music yet still very casual. Its kind of the perfect balance. The service was great and attentive. They leave a water filled bottle on your table adding to that laidback, neighborhood vibe. Onto the food...amazing. The escargot was great, the octopus was tender although not spicy as it was advertised. The croque monsieur was excellent with perfect in-house made bologna and caramelized onions. The frites were also very good with the aioli, although they could have been a bit more crisp. OH! the brussel sprouts with Chevrolet, hazelnuts, and basil pommade...amazing! I could get three orders and just eat them as an entree! 
The bottom line is this is a perfect new addition to the neighborhood with solid, affordable, french inspired cuisine, a solid beer list, and great environment whether at a table or at the cozy bar. I look forward to many return visits. All hail the Good King!My fellow travellers and I had dinner here on a spur of the moment trip to Phili.  It was  easily one of the best meals I have ever had.  We had the escargot and the endive salad (which I cannot understand how they make it so good) to start. Even the bread and butter they serve is amazing.  The entrees were specials:  pan-seared trout with chickpea and squid ink puree served with potatoes and duck confit done perfectly.  For desert we all had their chocolate pot de creme with butterscotch and creme fraiche- how can you go wrong?  The wine too is delicious. They are casual and honest about their wine, offering options of "good", "better" and "best". They also have a full-bar with hip, knowledgeable bar tenders.  I cannot wait for another trip to Phili to eat at this place!I can finally update this review with a more thorough dining experience under my belt (since my parents were paying the tab, I took full advantage ;) )
EVERYTHING, and I mean everything that we consumed was amazing. The frogs legs were even one of my favorites, and that is saying a lot! While yes, they do in fact taste like chicken, they were also laced with some delicious underlying flavors of heat, salt and some sort of warming spice I can't quite put my finger on.
Again, brussel sprouts. This is the second time I have recommended brussel sprouts in a yelp review. Someone give me a medal or something. These are tossed with goat cheese and pieces of hazelnuts. YUM.
The socca could be a meal in itself. The ratatouille is really only a compliment to these thin, pancake like chickpea masterpieces. Portion size is also quite large for this dish, making it perfect for sharing.
The French onion soup has taken it's American counterpart and made it a complete joke out of it. Yes- here, we assume that french onion soup is ALL about the 3 inch piece of cheese melted on top, most of the time only there to hide the bland flavors of what is underneath. In Good King's perfect version of French onion soup, the tiny pieces of shredded cheese play the role of the understudy to the star of the dish: the luscious, perfectly seasoned, sweet onion broth.
For something light and refreshing, but without compromising flavor and texture, I suggest ordering the winter salad. The pieces of frissee stand up wonderfully to the bold flavors throughout the salad, truly making it the perfect "winter" salad. I will crave this for the rest of the week, no doubt.
Again, Good King is doing it right. Every time.  Don't miss out on this gem.Had the cheese table and it was fantastic. Their drinks were delicious. Very strong and yummy. Had a satisfying conversation with my husband sitting outside on a beautiful Saturday. Definitely will be back again to try their food.One of my favorite neighborhood places. The atmosphere is cozy, casual, and tres french! Most things on the menu I'd give 4 out of 5 stars. Brussels sprouts, grilled octopus, and escargot are my favorite apps. I usually try one of the dinner specials and find it to be 4 stars. Consistently good-to-very-good, but haven't had great here, yet. The mixed drinks are delicious, well-mixed, if a bit on the too-sweet side. I order mine "half-sweet" and they come out just right. I have tried the desserts and find them blah. The pot de creme is nice and rich, but the chocolate used is more milk than dark, so again, too sweet for me. The Pernod ice cream is weird in a good way, so if that's available, I usually get that. All around a solid, easy choice for a casual dinner.Terrific neighborhood restaurant. It is super comfortable, I think mostly due to the exceptional service we received from the outset. The Eggs in the Nest were killer good! A friend ordered them but I wished I had. The Croque Madame is also worth a try. The French Onion was better than passable but not something I would order again.It was fine. That's the best I can say. The spicy octopus wasn't spicy, and a little mushy. The sausage entree was good, nothing special. Same with the service...not bad, a little slow, it was fine. There are better options.Went to the GKT on a Tuesday night, and needed reservations.  The place had a good crowd.  The staff and service were all very friendly.  The place is warm and cozy, with a nice entrace way, so you don't get too cold near the door.  There are maybe 10 - 15 tables in the place, and a long bar.
The specials on the chalk board were extensive and awesome.  We ordered drinks first, and they have a great wine ranking system that makes things easy.  We then ate the "socca" which was really tasty and a great combo of flavors.  Then we had the warm winter salad, which I loved, but I like salty bitter herbs.  It was an interesting salad, unlike one I had ever eaten.  Then we got the steak frites and the moules frites.  Both were amazing and filling.  We left some room for the dessert special, which was bread pudding, and so soft and sweet with a scoop of ice cream.
Would definitely come back.  Lot's of veggie options too if you don't eat meat.A hearty, wonderful meal and a comfortable, casual setting at a very reasonable price.  The duck confit was one of the best this side of the Atlantic, and the special blanquette de veau was also delicious. Don't forget to add the unique and incredibly tasty brussels sprouts.   Who knew brussels sprouts could be that good?  And on Sunday evenings they have started a half-price special on all bottles of wine that just makes a great meal even better.Really enjoyed the cozy, french bistro vibe. Got a pitchet of wine and some small plates.  We were glad to see some vegetarian options offered.  The one thing that was a little bothersome was that our overeager waiter kept asking us if we were done and trying to clear our plates early.  It was a Wednesday night and there was no one waiting so I'm not sure why he was rushing us. I would definitely go back and just try to avoid that waiter.Neighborhood bar is an understatement for this place. It is cozy for date night, but casual enough for an early dinner with the kids. The menus is adventurous but not overly fussy. Lastly you can get a good, solid, constant cocktail. And the bartenders specials are often surprisingly good. 
Standouts on the menus are: the grilled octopus. Duck leg confit and Steak frites, ask for the house aioli, it's magic with the frites
Leave room for the chocolate pot de cream and a glass of the house Bordeaux  you will not be disappointed.This find was listed as a 'top 50 restaurant in Philadelphia' and it definitely lived up to the hype. The food was amazing, service was by far the best we've had in this area and a great selection of wine as well. The waitress noted we were celebrating our engagement without us telling her and had champagne sent over by the manager. We would recommend this place to anyone.First time to this restaurant. We went there for brunch as a rare treat sans kid. The location was a little secluded compared to the cluster of options near Christian but it was easy enough to find. 
The waitstaff were friendly and helpful. The decor was warm and cozy. It's a small restaurant but we luckily got a table immediately. They also do reservations for future reference. 
The menu is not too exotic but the steak and eggs were savory and well prepared. Their brunch specials are more unusual and equally delicious. I had the Bahn Mi, which was a pork belly and pork liver pate served similar to a Vietnamese hoagie. It was phenomenal. I highly recommend giving this place a try.My partner and I recently revisited GKT (he was craving steak frites, where better to go?), and had a completely lovely experience! This time we were seated in a booth in the front room - right by the front door (but no draft!), across from the bar. The booth gave us enough privacy and space that we could talk comfortably, even though the noise/energy level is still pretty high (in a good way). On the way back to the restroom we both noticed how tight the tables in the back room are (especially when there's a stroller???), so will always request a booth when making reservations! 
We had: 
* A "better" bottle of red - again, a great deal and a decent wine. 
* A special preparation of the escargot, with garlic, parsley, lemon, capers. WONDERFUL. Our waiter mentioned that the chef is considering making this the standard menu preparation, and we wholeheartedly agree! (No grittiness this time, and the bread on the side was the perfect portion for dipping in the amazing sauce!)
* My partner had the steak frites, which was cooked perfectly and just as tasty as ever! HUGE pile of fries, and decent portion of steak (smaller than I had remembered, but good for one person). 
* I had the duck, which was amazing. The preparation of the day was duck breast on a bed of mushrooms, leafy greens, and a kind of shoestring potatoes, with a (red wine?) reduction. I was worried that I would regret not getting the steak frites, but the duck was incredible - great cook, great flavor, and again, perfect (not too huge) portion size. 
Just a note on service - we felt very at home from the moment we entered until the moment we left. Service was attentive but not overbearing. Dishes came out at a nice pace. We really felt that everyone we interacted with wanted to make sure we were enjoying our night! (We did have to ask our waiter both for the wine descriptions AND later on about the duck preparation, but that's not huge. I think there's an overwhelming amount of information that he was entrusted with - the specials, wines, duck prep, etc. - and he did a good job of providing us the information in small doses instead of all at once, which would have been too much to take in.) 
Overall, GKT is becoming one of our favorite places for a fun & tasty dinner!Such an awesome place. 3 of us had dinner here last night and had a great experience. The mushroom tartine is intensely flavorful but still light. After that, I had the duck confit that was done perfectly and the frisée was tossed in just the right amount of dressing/aioli. My dining partners had the falafel which was reportedly also very good, as well as the steak frites with an identical review.
Our server was great too, very friendly and knowledgeable. I wish I knew her name so I could give her a shout out. 
Really though, what a fantastic place to have in the neighborhood. This place is very easy to become that place that "you've been meaning to go". Just go already! We can't wait to go backI ended up being responsible for picking a dinner spot for me and three work colleagues while we conferenced in Philadelphia. Awkward. I tried to poll preferences, and ended up picking this place because it had good reviews, was new and so unlikely to be over-ran with conference-goers, and served French food with I interpret as non-different. First thing I heard upon sitting down at table: "I really hate French food but it's fine." And so the night proceeded - some mix of shitty attitudes from my friends and some admittedly less than ideal deliveries from the restaurant. It's a hipster place - super white - they show you their specials by placing a rock with writing on your table. Tons of specials - drinks and food. The waitress was working her ass off but quickly became tired by the attitudes at our table - I couldn't blame her. One dish - the falafels - was verifiably dry and not good --- I enjoyed my dishes (the cauliflower & octopus appetizers) a lot - my friend who hated French food ordered pomme frites, demanding ketchup on the side - the french fries were all right. Overall, the food was underwhelming. I know my impressions were tainted by the bad attitudes of my friends and the waitress' inability to shake them off, but I believe this place can make it with attention to feedback and a focus on growth.endive/arugula salad was tasty.....duck and trout were delicious. we waited 20 minutes and finally had to ask for bread. waitress made us feel like we were doing her a favor by being customers. the interior noise level was out of control, even sitting in the farthest corner in the rear area.  i still hear ringing in my ears 30 minutes later. eat outside is my advice...that's what i plan to do if i decide to return :-)Amazing experience here for lunch! The cheese board was superb - quality, selection and presentation. I also enjoyed the eggplant dish very much, as well as the homemade sausage with arugula and potatoes. Chocolate dessert with hazelnut crumbs was an excellent addition. The service was really, really good and friendly. Cannot wait to dine here again. Outdoor seating was a big plus. Very impressed!