Delicious. So happy I Yelped for a restaurant closer to home and stumbled upon this. It's small and pleasant inside with some decent hip hop setting the mood. The menu is small, but packed a punch. We ordered the Duck Fries, which were heaven. Fries smothered in smoked gouda,  shredded duck, and scallions. For 8 bucks came a pretty large bowl that I couldn't stop picking at. I ordered one of the specials, the scallop and foie gras  tacos...wow...so good (then I read the origin of foie gras and hated myself, but aside that...). The person I was with ordered the pork roll burger, which I tried of course. It was incredibly juicy and cooked perfect. I will definitely come back here. Definitely.Quack & Cheese is where it is at! We were there for the lunch menu. The duck fries are so delicious. It was my first time there & I ordered the portabello burger. They didn't have the right mushrooms & asked if a substitute was ok. I said sure. But I couldn't eat it. I asked for some kind of sauce & instead they let me order something else. That was so nice. I don't usually complain about anything. I felt like they really catered to our whole party. I would definitely love to come back for a date night.Where do I start. I ordered food to go it was my first time here so I ordered the Blue Jawn  burger no lie  I vomited we had to hurry up and pull over. I ordered the general tso chicken tacos not good and the sauce was too sweet. They were using bare hands to prepare the food which was already a turn off. The place is small and tight everything is everywhere. My 3 year old daughter brung me spray bottles I guess they had in her sight. The Mac and cheese were like baby elbow and partially hard . Looks are very deceiving, everything looks good but I wasn't happy.My baby didn't even like her Mac and she love Mac and cheese and my son love General tso chicken but not this one. I will not be returning ever. The prices were very high too.The food was being prepared or put together after food was cooked at least when a pizza goes in the oven  and bake it kills the germs.You'll do everything bare hands before cook and after and I have the pic of that too I can post it. No sarcasm needed. Thank you Nick. No everything wasn't as quack up to beIf you were able to give it more than 6 stars, I would. The first exposure to the duck I had was at the beer and bacon festival where they had their tomato soup with garlic pulverized bacon. It was so good they ran out about half way through the festival. 
Last night was my first time at the actual restaurant. It was a large group so in total I tried the blue duck fries, general tso's wings, the pork roll burger, house blend burger, quack and cheese and classic Mac. If you have a large group make sure they want to share because you're going to want to try everything. It's all amazing and will make you want to come back the next day. Looking forward to trying the brunch menu.
The managers also stopped by our table since it was my friends birthday. They made sure everything was perfect and I was really impressed with the staff.Love this place! I stopped in for brunch on Saturday and had a fantastic experience. Our server, Steph, was phenomenal. She went over specials of the day and ensured that we had a great meal. We started with the Blue Duck fries. They were PHENOMENAL! Definitely get them on every visit. I had the duck benedict and my friend had the chicken and waffles. Both were good. The chicken was nice and crispy but could have used more seasoning. The waffle was fluffy and delicious. The duck breast was tasty and went well with the cherry siracha sauce but I didn't like how the sauce tasted with the rest of the dish. It was taken off of our bill without me asking although they prepared it properly, it simply wasn't to my taste. Overall we had a great experience here. I def recommend it. 
(Oh and it's BYOB. Wish I had known to bring a bottle)(to the tune of "The Mack" by Nevada feat Mark Morrison and Fetty Wap)
Yelpers tried to tell me so (yes they did)
But I didn't wanna go
"Gotta car?" gotta say no.
But my mouth wanted to know.
Yeah, I felt it from the start.
From my tummy to my heart
When my sister was in town
We were headed to chow down.
No lies to me 
(All those reviews weren't kidding)
No lies to me
Oh my god baby...
Take a bite!
Blue Duck, it's like Quack (once again)
Blue Duck, it's like Quack (top of the charts)
Blue Duck, it's like Quack (gotta go)
You know that I'll be back....
Blue Duck, it's like Quack.
Wow. Worth the trip is an understatement. While the schlep was a bit out of my usual trip for eats, my baby sister is all about that burger, and we'd heard only the best. We went later in the day, around 2pm, but service was still incredibly slow (frustrating because there weren't a ton of folks inside, but maybe they were recovering?) This resulted in us getting our duck fat cheese fries WAY before our burgers. We TRIED  to wait for the burgers, but our stomachs rumbling drowned out that idea. The mac and cheese, the cheese fries, the burger.... Every bite was perfect. I only wish that the food came out all at once like we asked. Oh well....
The Beast of Northeast (Philly) [wild boar and beef patty, smoked gouda, sweet tomato jam, crispy sriracha onions, and bacon on brioche] was insane and, IMHO, tastier than her pork roll burger, but that pork roll was sizzled to perfection. 
I'll be back for the Quack and Cheese, next time a buddy with a car is feeling adventurous. Hopefully they can speed up the service a bit, don't want all that gouda sauce getting cold!Ever since I started working in the area a little over a year ago I dropped in to The Blue Duck for lunch and it quickly became a favorite. 
The quack and cheese, duck fries, and anything off the brunch menu on Sunday's are out of this world. Dinner entrees are exceptional all reasonably priced for the quality of food. 
I've never had a bad experience here. Great service and great atmosphere. 
I try to make it in for one meal a month and if you've got the time you should too.The Blue Duck is located in this very small plaza filled with very bland store signs, but don't let the outside appearance fool you. Inside is very cozy, clean, and nicely decorated.
The staff is always friendly and attentive, and the food is pretttty good. Their duck fries are amazzzzing and the portion is huge! I can never finish an order with my girlfriend and it sucks that it doesn't taste half as good when heated up later. The burger here is really big and unique, but I feel that the meat blend can be a bit better as it seems a bit tough. The brunch menu here is a lot cooler than the normally offered lunch menu (the duck fries are still offered!), and would much rather come for when they are offering brunch.The food was yummilicious!   The fries could have had alittle more shredded duck,  but the overall flavor was spot on.  Duck Fat! 
The Tso  wings writer the wasabi blue cheese dipping sauce was wonderful... not too spicy which was  perfect for me. 
One complaint... . our waiter was packing our food and instead of using a utensil he used his fingers.... I was not happy about this... and will pack my own food moving forward. 
So that means I'm going back!It's nice to have a decent culinary option in NE, but I hear folks talking about this place like it is the second coming of Christ!
The duck fries were some of best fries I've ever had.  Get them, won't disappoint. The duck sandwich and pork roll burger were both bland and barely mediocre. Salads were grossly overdressed.   
I'd try it again if I were in the NE.I FINALLY got around to trying The Blue Duck Tavern. My friend and I tried the blue duck fries to start with which were great! They were covered in a Gouda sauce (which was very gooda!) and shredded duck meat. For my entree I had the Blue Jawn Burger which was covered in caramelized onion and blue cheese. I thought it was great, but a little overcooked. The onions were cooked perfectly and there was an excellent balance of blue cheese as well! The meat itself was excellent though! My friend had the fried chicken sandwich which she said was very good although it was a little sloppy because the coleslaw kind of got everywhere. I definitely would go back!I chose this restaurant for brunch with my boyfriend, based on the fact that I wanted eggs benedict. The Yelp reviews were pretty positive, so I figured we'd give it a go. Most of the reviewers are correct. This food is FANTASTIC and made with high quality ingredients.
Given that we were going the Sunday before Memorial Day, I called ahead to make sure they had some availability. The hostess told me we'd have a table for 1pm, and we arrived a little early. Another couple also had a table for 2 for 1pm, but due to a clerical error, they could only seat one of us. We gave it to the other couple. This ended up being a pattern for their other patrons who presumably arrived on time and had to wait. This is a pretty bad error considering how much it happened, but given the rest of the experience, I can't deduct a star over something like this. Just be aware that it happens. They were very busy that day, so it took a while for us to get served, but again, not enough of an issue to deduct a star.
My boyfriend and I enjoyed the quaint environment and bright colours of the place. It had the same feel as Pop Shop, a grilled cheese place in Collingswood, NJ. It was very cozy, well lit, and country style, what with the counter you can eat at.
We split an order of blue duck fries to start, and they came in a mountainous pile in a large white bowl. Gouda was melted over them with a healthy portion of green onions, as well as some juicy pulled duck meat. Honestly, our meal could have ended there. We were so pleased with them and devoured them in silence- a sure sign of amazing food.
Since both of us came in wanting eggs benedict, we ordered it. Duck benedict with a perfectly poached egg, topped with more green onion and a SRIRACHA HOLLANDAISE. Yes, you read that. Expecting the usual overly hyped sriracha dish, we were proven wrong when the perfectly textured sauce had a nice sweet finish to it, as true to hollandaise. The bread the benedict was placed on tasted like nothing less than homemade bread (could be wrong, but it was fresh and fantastic). The duck on these eggs was probably 3/4in thick- it was extremely juicy and was a very generous, flavourful cut. Nothing in the duck benedict overpowered anything else. All fantastic flavours were appreciated and identifiable. 
All in all, service was meh, but the brunch food 100% overshadows any issue we had with the service. A warning, though, the brunch menu is not very extensive. The choices, however, are very diverse in flavour and taste. Do not pass up this gem.Just walked out of this place.  When we got there the wait staff was all outside and we were the first people in there restaurant. We sat down they gave us water and then never came back. We waited 20 minutes again we were the only people here and NO ONE came and even asked us if we wanted a drink. We finally left without ordering after waiting the 20 minutes only to have a couple walk in sit down and have a waitress come up and start taking their order. Horrible service. This was our first time here and I wouldn't come back. @Nick from the blue duck  if you are at work now then you were one of the people who did this and yes it's unacceptable.The food here is very good, little over priced for being in a strip mall and having no real ambiance but the food reminds me of  restaurants  in Center City, so I keep going back! Would definitely recommend!Went there on a reservation through Open table. Everything went smooth. I had the chicken rice soup along with the Wild boar meatloaf, mashed potatoes and asparagus. Asparagus were too big, but tasty. Also had a side of brussel sprouts that were excellent! Wife had the grilled chicken. Food and service was very good. BYOB    Just a little noisy. Would recommend.Best food in Northeast...amazing daily specials...love the Cuban pork egg rolls...try something different every time!Had the Spring onion soup. Could not eat it. 
Much too salty. Much too spicy hot and I like hot. The General Tso's wings were ok but too much sauce- drenched in sauce. My husband had the pulled mushroom sandwich. Funny taste. Guess we will not be back.  Noise level very very loud too. Sorry to have to write this because we like to patronize local places. They are very busy so I guess we are of a minority opinionRecently found this very cool brunch spot on the web which is only 5 mins away from home.. Been there twice already and it instantly became my number 1 go-to spot when we crave for American style breakfast with a lil bit twist of Asian-inspiring fusion. The uniqueness and creativeness of their food selection on the menu makes this restaurant stand out among the others. Reasonable prices ,Very friendly staff with relaxing atmosphere. I take off one star because they only offer brunch specials on weekend.Wow! What to say? The selection is so unique and absolutely delectable! The menu is so different than most places but one-of-a-kind! We've gone several times and every time has been a great experience from food to service. Space is a little tight but very sweet lighting and fairly intimate. We'll be back for sure!Another hidden gem in a strip mall of all places, in NE Philly. Cute little place with clean open decor, with a  smell that hits you when you first walk in, that can only be described as heaven. Friendly helpful wait staff and the food was beyond  delicious. Highly recommend a trip to NE philly for brunch. Kudos  go out to the Judge boys who own the Blue Duck, we will definitely be back.For the price, quality of the food, and the great staff and the chef/owner Kris Serviss you will be hard pressed to find another place like this. For those of you that don't know, earlier this year Serviss was named in Zagat's 30 under 30 for Philadelphia which is a really cool honor. He is definitely showcasing his talents at Blue Duck. We went on a Thursday night thinking around 6:30 pm thinking that we would beat the rush, we were wrong. We didn't make a reservation so we ended up waiting for a table for about 15 minutes. The whole time we were there people were waiting so it might be best to make a reservation in the future. After eating here I am can see why it's so busy, the food is outstanding and pretty much everything that can be made in house is from the burgers, the pasta, to the turkey meatballs. We went a little crazy on the food size and took some leftovers home but we started off with the grilled caesar salad which was awesome, especially the cornbread croutons. We also did the General Tso's wings which were huge and a full order is 12 for $11 and it comes with wasabi blue cheese which is awesome. For dinner we did the special pasta of the day which came with turkey meatballs, the pasta was awesome and you can definitely tell it's fresh and housemade and the same with the meatballs, they were crisp on the outside and juicy on the inside. We also got the Pork Roll burger which is the one that won Serviss the Philly Burger competition and man it's awesome, some serious pork flavor there and the special sauce is great as well. Also got some Blue Duck Fries which are just gluttonous and amazing, fries tossed in duck fat, topped with confit duck, and then topped again with cheese sauce. We did somehow manage to save enough room for dessert which was cheesecake that came in a little jar. It was awesome as well, not overly heavy and rich, it was the perfect way to end the meal. So I have to say this place is a winner and I wish it was closer and I would recommend to anyone, but in the future we will be making reservations, at the counter, so we can hang with Serviss while he's cooking.This is a neighborhood spot, super laid back with tasty food. The service was great, it's BYOB and I must warn you it's tiny so reservations are a must. The only negative was the wait time at dinner. I went here for lunch and the food came out in a timely fashion, at lunch they only serve sandwiches and salads, stuff like that.  I also went for dinner, the menu was more diverse around this time but it took kinda long between courses for food to come out. They were so nice and the fried chicken was so good, I didn't care about the wait once it came. The music choice at dinner was surprising, it was candlelit and suburban inside yet they played lots of rap music which is cool if you enjoy rap. I was just surprised because I was hoping for easy listening type music with my dinner. Now at lunch time it's much more casual so the music choice would have made more sense during this service.We called to see if a reservation was needed for a late lunch in Saturday. We were told we should be fine and, in fact, there were a few tables open when we arrived around 4pm.  Initially we stood at the host/hostess area for a bit without being acknowledged even though the servers and host(s) looked our way a few times. Eventually we took silverware and menus and sat ourselves.  Clearly reservations are necessary because a family of 4 arrived after us who had reservations and were promptly seated and served drinks before anyone even acknowledged our presence. We finally caught the attention of the host and asked for a waitress.  
Once we engaged with our waitress, who was sweet and attentive, everything was great. Our drinks were served immediately followed by orders and soon after, our meal.  The ducks fries were AMAZING! Perfectly seasoned with tender duck and smooth, creamy cheese sauce. My husband had the pork roll burger. I think you may need to go to confession after eating this- it's so good, you feel like you did something dirty!  I had the fried chicken sandwich. Tender and delicious with perfect purple cabbage cole slaw and yummy pickles. 
I'm sure the hosting issue was just a little glitch and not at all reflective of the attitude of this restaurant. All of the workers were friendly and constantly approaching customers to see if everything was ok or if they needed anything. We were thanked twice for coming in.  The prices were incredibly reasonable considering the quality of the food. We'll definitely go back to try the Mac n' cheese ( which looked just as sinful as the pork roll burger) Maybe we'll try Sunday brunch too, if we can get a reservation!I really wanted to love this place since quite a few of my friends just visited it over the past week, and last night we wanted to see what the hype was all about. Unfortunately we were left underwhelmed. The food was ok/good. We had the general tso's wings which were good, and then the burgers with salt/pepper fries which were just ok. The burger had no flavor except meat (no salt or pepper) and a tiny little piece of tomato which covered a quarter of the burger and still had the green top part visible, and the salt/pepper fries were highly lacking flavor as well as being crisp. The waiter however was very sweet and helpful. 
What really ruined the whole experience was right in the beginning, before we even tried the food...we were seated at a table for two which was open near the wall (nice and private). There was another 2 seat table that was in a very congested area and right on top of another table and we asked the hostess if we can sit at the more private one, she said no problem. If we couldn't sit there we would have asked to wait until another table opened up, we weren't in a rush.  After we ordered and received drinks, and after we put the food order in, I was finally getting comfortable, since I am pretty pregnant and getting comfortable is a challenge any time we go out (which has been minimal lately) and also we drove 35 mins from Langhorne to get there. All of the sudden a man came over, didn't introduce himself, and very awkwardly asked us if we can move to the other table (the one that was in a congested area and on top of another table). I was completely floored since I have worked many years in the restaurant business and know that once you seat a customer, unless for emergency purposes, you never ask them to move, especially to a shittier table and because you want to seat other people at their table. They wanted to take our current table and combine it with another one once the people next to us left and seat other people that were waiting to get seated. I first expressed how we didn't want to move and definitely didn't want the worse table, however the man (who I believe was Nick the manager according to the website) started making me feel bad about not moving, so I said ok I guess we will move - at that point he said no that's ok you don't have to move, we'll figure something out (this was said in a rather judging and condescending tone). We stayed in our seats, however the mood was fully ruined. I would also like to mention that within 10 minutes there were about 5 empty tables....2 for parties of 4/5 and a bunch of two's. 
Besides the food, the way we were made to feel left a much bigger impression on us. Unfortunately we will not be returning for that reasons alone, although I was hoping to try more of their food at a later date since I was supposed to come back this weekend with girl friends for brunch. I really hope that other customers won't get treated like that, especially in front of other customers.Went for lunch and tried the duck mac n cheese n the duck fries along w a salad. Everything was awesome!  Fries are addicting ..ive bn craving them ever since!  One point  it was 340 pm and we asked our server if they had desserts. she replied yes but not until 4pm.  Never turn down a customer because of 20minutes..they lost out on at least another 10$ on bill.  Besides that one quirk I would say if your not there right now eating you should be!A coworker recommended this place. I went with my wife for our dinner and we both got some kind of burger. I myself was ok with the food but it was kind of pricey. My wife didn't really like anything on the menu but then again, we just went without looking at the menu, so the restaurant is not to be blamed. The service was great, and so was the setting. Overall a pleasant experience.Pork roll burger is great (a tiny bit less salt would make it outstanding).
Duck fries are good but a thicker fry would make me happier.
Not even remotely a fan of chorizo or quack n cheese although my daughter is. 
The fried cauliflower is fantastic and i would go JUST for that. 
Gen tsos wings are just "ok" in my opinion. 
Chicken salad was fresh but sparse which was a little irksome as i love chicken salad.
Tomato soup is divine and I'm not a tomato soup kind of gal, so that's saying a lot.
The blue forager burger was ok, my socks stayed firmly in place. 
There are so many more things to try and i will return to see what makes my toes tap!
The atmosphere is homey, the noise level can be deafening so i look forward to them eventually expanding and with more space, less noise perhaps? The beats are decent, which helps!
I'd like to see a little more owner interaction.. These are local guys who really should try mingling a bit more with their customers, especially since they are getting lots of talk-up from their patrons. Just a thought.
Wait staff has always been efficient and courteous. The place gets high marks for cleanliness!The blue duck is one of my favorite brunch places in the area. You can't ever go wrong with the blue duck fries. Their stocks french toast is very good and they always have something on special that I end up getting. I highly recommend The Blue Duck for brunchThe Burger itself is as close to 5 stars as you can get.  If you could give 4.5 stars I would, but I can't go quite that far so I had to drop it to 4.  Taking into account the whole experience, there were a few things that made me give it a 4 though.  Let's start with the burger.  I had the basic burger.  It was very good and among the better ones I've had in and around the Philly area.  I was a bit disappointed when I asked what kind of cheese they put on it.  The server responded with American or Cheddar.  Now, to be a top burger, I believe you have to step outside the traditional cheese box and go with something a bit more exotic.  Having the standards is fine with me, but I like to see a gruyere or goat cheese option.  I bit into the burger and it oozed out plenty of juices-this is exactly what you want to see in that first bite as you know it's cooked the way it should be.  Along with my burger, I got an 8 oz. bottle of Coke.  Let me say that again-- for my meal, I had to ration myself with a measly 8 ounces of soda.  Lose the bottles of soda and spring for a fountain drink system.  My last gripe was the price of the meal.  The restaurant has servers so, of course, you have to tip.  I didn't get fries with my burger, but if I did, it would have cost $20 for a burger, fries, and 8 oz. soda.  The eatery is in a strip plaza in northeast Philadelphia.  I expect these prices in Center City or in an upper class suburb.This place is awesome, and I really hope it inspires other chefs to try something new in the Northeast.  To start, the Quack and Cheese is the best Mac and cheese I've ever had.  It is perfectly smooth and melty with just the right amount of salt (from the duck), sweet(from the dried cherries), and earthiness (from the mushrooms).  Just awesome.  The Beast of the Northeast burger is damn near perfect.  It's also BYOB, which considerably keeps the price down.  My only criticism is they can sometimes be a little heavy handed on the salt, particularly with entree specials and the pork roll burger.  Otherwise, this place is a real gem in Northeast Philly.Best fries ever!!!! Saved the fiancée with cheesy goodness. Loved everything. The yelloweye was cooked to perfection. The fried chicken was crunchy on the outside and wonderful on the inside. Favorite place in the areaDecent food (but not fantastic) reasonable prices and what you'd expect from the wait staff....but it was so SO loud.
I don't think you should have to shout to have a conversation. Please turn the music down.
All things considered, I give this place a 3 out of 5 -- average to slightly better than average.Exquisite!!!! It is a hidden gem, I am a sales guy and when I looked in this place it very unique and I had to try it, I got the duck fries and the quack and cheese, the best cheese sauce I've ever had, and the duck melts in your mouth, fries were amazing too. Nice staff fast service, great food, great name, great combination! hopefully I'm in the area because I'm def. coming back.Went here yesterday for lunch, and had the Duck Fries which was phenomenal and I'm reminded how delicious it was from the first time I had it. I also got the General Tsaos Chicken Taco, which was good but just a little over fried. Nonetheless, blue duck is overall amazing and I love coming here.My wife and I have been here for dinner in the past so we decided to try their breakfast since we were in the area. Both of us really enjoyed what we got. The service was excellent as always. We had their signature blue duck fries as an app. They were just as good as we remember them being. I will tell you that it's a pretty large portion so it can be filling for two but is probably a great item to split 4 ways. I got the chicken and waffles and my wife got the short rib breakfast quesadillas. Both were excellent.I love duck. I tried the blue duck fries, which are cooked in duck fat and topped with duck confit and Gouda cheese sauce. The confit was a little tough, cubed rather than shredded/pulled. The flavors were awesome though. I also had the blue jawn burger, which is a beef/duck patty with red onion jam, blue cheese, and duck cracklins. It didn't come with a side, but it was a giant patty. Quite good. Ate too much, too fast, which is always a ringing endorsement.Blue duck was so delicious! It was crowded but my service was still nice and genuine and the food not only looked pretty but tasted sooooo good too! A great find in the Northeast for a delicious BYOB!My guy and I were looking for a BYOB and boy did we are great place. We were greeted by a friendly face and was seated immediately.  This place is small but big on flavor.  The duck fries were to die for. My Guy had the steak stir fry and he said it was delicious.  We definitely will be coming backGreat food. The menu changes and it's unique. I'm glad these guys are expanding to center city as well. Duck fries are good and I hate fries in general. Plenty of brunch options. The place is a bit crowded and seating isn't the best. But the food is great so that makes it worth it!I made a reservation to celebrate my boyfriend's 30th birthday.  We had a big group and my boyfriend and I having been there before for dinner were excited to go back for brunch.  Unfortunately, the reservation was somehow canceled and we had to wait for a table.  I was not happy!   We were told 4 different times it would be 20 more minutes of a wait.  I was not happy with how the host was handling the situation and eventually spoke with the manager.  A hour after our reservation we were seated.  We enjoyed our time but I was still very upset.  However, at the end of the meal Nick came to the table to apologize once again and inform me that he comped the whole meal.  I really appreciated the customer service and his/the restaurants ability to show that we as customers mattered.  Everyone in the group ended up enjoying their food and will come back again.  
My one tip to the restaurant is to implement a policy for how long a group can stay after they have paid and finished.  We witnessed a table stay for over an hour and a half after they were finished their meal and paid.  This is not only a huge turn off to people waiting, but also unfair to the servers.  Unfortunately some customers aren't considerate and that's why many other restaurants have policies that stop this.Not only is the food amazing at the restaurant but so are their hearts! I was meeting a friend for brunch and got in an accident on the way there. My friend waited an hour for me and told them I was hit. When I got there, they gave me a bottle opener keychain and said that they couldn't make up for the damage to my car but this was alittle something to help make me feel better. It was so nice!Went here on a Thursday night with my girlfriend food was awesome I love when people take pride in what they do and this place does. Our waitress was very nice I think her name was Brianna and the general manager Nick was very personable and even sent over a free dessert and said sorry for your loss as we just came from a viewing for my buddies mom. That actually blew me away and just shows what kind of people work here it meant a lot we will definitely make this a regular stop!!!The foods really good and reasonably priced but the tables for two are so close together it's uncomfortable also it's byobCute little place.  The only reason I give this a 3 instead of a 2 was how great the waitstaff was and the fact that the duck fries were great.
My wife ordered the quack and cheese...duck and mac-n-cheese. Small portion but over all not bad.  I ordered the fried chicken. I could tell that if it were cooked properly it would have been awesome...simply awesome and I would have given this place 5/5 stars.  
My chicken was burnt and dry but I wasn't sure if that's how it was supposed to taste or not. I finally complained when the $8 piece of cake I ordered was just not good. The lemon curd was ok but the cake itself was blah.  The waitress didn't charge me for the cake so that was good. 
Over all this place has a lot to offer, cool ambiance and the duck fries are worth the trip out there.  We live about an hour and 20 minutes from the place.
We will probably go again but this time I'll send the chicken back if it's dry and burntFood was very good. Service was great. The restaurant though was very small and loud, which is fine, but I was unprepared for it. My dad doesn't have the best ears so unless I yelled, we couldn't really talk the entire time we were there.I tried to like this place. They have good ideas, just very poorly executed. I've made reservations that were ignored. I've tried many menu items. Everything was edible but not much more than that. The food just doesn't make it worthwhile to sit in this strip mall for an hour to wait for a table. Best restaurant in the area? I guess but that's no big accomplishment. All done with this joint!Had a double shot of Duck this weekend. I almost feel naughty about it! 
Last night I intro'd the Hubs to my secret love: fried cauliflower (he loved). Geared him to the duck fries (he loved). He ordered the seafood paella (i tried, tasty.), I took the Zagat "Beast" for a ride. Flavorful burger but my heart belongs to the Pork Roll Burger, still. 
This morning we had a little family brunch, he got the chicken n waffles, the chicken could've used a little more S&P. The bourbon syrup... Well.. Can i bathe in that please? My chorizo quesadilla was delish, a little more heat would rock it. Daughter dearest ordered the duck Benedict.. Also fantastic. 
Can't wait to see what is next! 
Music choice was perfect, found myself singing along to Marvin Gaye. Music was toned down to the perfect level, both last night and this morning. Bravo, Duckers! Bravo!Great food, service was perfect! Nice BYOB in the neighborhood without crazy high pricesBest local spot! I honestly take anyone who is visiting from out of town here for lunch or dinner! There are a few menu favs you have to try! Duck fries and quack and cheese (obviously) and I am a big fan of the wings as well! Most times I am full by the time my dinner comes, so I bring it home for later or spit the meal or sandwich with my boyfriend.  I call ahead and make reservations every time just to be safe bc I would hate to show up and wait bc I am always super excited for their food!  I celebrate every occasion I can here, I love an excuse to visit!!!The food and service was spectacular yet affordable. The Blue Duck menu has the spice and delicious quirks you'd expect in a new University City spot, yet its conveniently located in the Northeast! 
All of the service staff were friendly and on point. I think our waitress could read minds- she knew exactly when to walk over and take our orders. She even brought us go boxes without us needing to ask.  
Two tips: 
Make reservations, but don't be deterred if you forget. We had a 20 min wait for a late dinner. 
Be prepared for a loud restaurant at peak hours. I think they need to do more to absorb noise in the room because this place is kind of small and very noisy when full. Maybe more decor and sound absorbing ceiling tiles?Food was good. Very different atmosphere. I think the prices vs. Portion is a bit off. Great staff and great flavors. Small menu, but the dishes are great. Duck fries are yummy, but a bit heavy. It's BYOB which is kinda fun. It's very small so call ahead.Came here on a Saturday night with my girlfriend for dinner. Made reservations but still had to wait about 10 minutes before we were seated. The place is pretty small and was very chilly. BYOB was nice. Ordered the duck fries for an appetizer and they were great. For an entree I got the general tso's wings. The sauce was delicious but the wings were just alright. Would have preferred them a little crispier. Got strawberry cheesecake for dessert and my girlfriend and I both agreed it was the best we've ever had. Service was prompt and friendly.The duck fries are a must but one hair in my Mac and cheese and well to the " do not go list " it has becomeScratch made food. Fresh ideas on traditional meals. Friendly staff and reasonably priced . Nice stop!Tom and I stopped by for dinner around 5:30 this past Friday, there was only 2 other people seated at the time, the hostess asked us if we had a reservation and checked her incoming reservations then politely told us we could sit anywhere. After that it took 5 minutes before anyone acknowledged us again despite the place being empty and there being 2 other serving staff but I did notice a couple of people coming in to pick up take out. The decor is quaint put the place is small and tables are close together so as it began to fill up it did get a little loud. When we finally did order we started with the Duck Fries and Mac and Cheese. The Duck Fries were good, the portion is definitely enough for 2-3 people. I was disappointed with the Mac & Cheese it was just ok  it reminded me of Kraft Mac and cheese it had a runny cheesy consistency I was looking forward to a baked Mac & cheese. Tom like the Mac & Cheese so it really is about your personal preference. Our server read off a long list of specials & I was impressed that she remembered them all,me on the other hand I forgot them & ended  having to get her to remind me again because she disappeared for 10 minutes. I ended up ordering the blackened ravioli which I found out when they brought them out had hot peppers on them, they kindly took them back so I ordered the Ribeye which was worth the $40.00 price tag. Not only was it cooked to perfection the seasoning was out of this world. Since the specials are recited to you and not written down I was surprised when I got the check at the $40 price but it was a good cut of meet that was accompanied with some potatoes and mushroom. Tom had the Northeast Burger and said he liked the Burgers at Gallo's Burger Barn better, again it is all about preference. In conclusion I had a good enough experience that I would try the place again Tom said he would pass, he felt like it was too loud, wait staff could have been more attentive and specials should be written down with the prices published. We both mentioned that to a gentleman who may have been the manager and he said we can always go to their Twitter page to look them up. Not the response that I expected but this is the age of Social Media & I don't think the gentleman was trying to be rude. Sorry I forgot to take photos we were starving by the time we got our food.For a little place it was sure busy for a Thursday night. Service was great and we were sat down immediately. I went with a couple of friends and we ordered the General Tso's wings w/ wasabi blue cheese, the Pork Roll burger, Blue Duck Fat Fries and Blue Duck signature sandwich. 
Here are my honest opinions on the individual dishes. First the Blue Duck fat fries. So so good, maybe even the best surprise of the night. While realistically they were little more then cheese fries with some added flare, they were quite good. Even without the sauce they were cooked and seasoned perfectly. That being said the portion size could have been a little more generous given the price of this side.
The General Tso's wings were okay. Pretty much what I expected so I wasn't disappointed with the wings or the sauce them self. However the wasabi blue cheese was lacking the punch and heat I'd expect from that combination of flavors. The taste of wasabi was barely present and completely over shadowed by the wing sauce and the blue cheese.
The Pork Roll burger was delicious ! The the seasoning of the meat and the Sriracha mayo worked great together. My only true gripe about the burger is the use of the tiny cheap store bought potato rolls that are suppose to contain the massive meat patty. The burger nearly fell completely apart the moment I picked it up off of my plate. 
The burger has an egg and sauce topping which means you already have to apply pressure to hold it together, which also means the bun needs to be strong enough to withstand that pressure without breaking apart during the completion of the meal. There are lots of local bakery's near by and an Acme up the road in which to buy a bags of Amoroso Kaiser rolls so no excuse.
Lastly there was the Signature Blue Sandwich. My feelings about this sandwich are mixed because while it wasn't a bad tasting sandwich I wouldn't make it my signature sandwich. The Pork Roll burger was much easier on the palate. A little too sweet for my liking and could've used some complexities in flavor. 
All in all a great little place with a lot of potential. Will definitely be back in the future.I cannot say enough about this place!! It's the greatest thing to ever happen to northeast Philadelphia. There is nothing like it around!!! I am there at least once a week and have never been disappointed. The food is always fresh. The menu is creative and innovative. Whether you order off the menu or try one of their specials. You won't be disappointed. They treat my husband and I like family. The staff is so friendly. Johnny cakes Obrien always takes great care of us. If you haven't tried it yet. You should get there as soon as possible!!!Food is amazing, wait staff is great but please do something about the noise.  The acoustics are insane and ever noise carries.  I was there this past saturday and I could hear every conversation from every table.  It made it almost impossible to talk to my wife who was directly in front of me.  Maybe look into sound baffles for the walls and ceilings.I just tried the brunch today, this was great. I added some pics from brunch. To my surprise the best thing was the fruit pebble French toast. They had a lot of specials that weren't on the menu next time I'm going to try more of the specials.Went here for dinner before and most recently brunch. So crowded both times so I'm so glad we had reservations! We had to wait a little bit but nothing significant and well worth it! We had a little guy at our table and they customized for us by just bringing out plain old scrambled eggs which I thought was so nice of them. The Fruity Pebbles French Toast was SO good and the peanut butter mousse stuffed waffles they had on special looked as amazing as they tasted! Definitely would recommend (making reservations) and going for a tasty place... And did I mention it's BYOB?!Cant say enough good things about it, prices are excellent for the quality of the food givenLove love love love love love it, wings duck fries,,,crazy kinda tacos,,,,,its cozy....porkroll in there cheeseburger,,,yummmmThis place is amazing. If you like duck, you must try their infamous duck fries. It is sooooooo good. This is my go to spot when in doubt. The reason why it didn't get 5star is because food literally takes forever to come out and portions are kind of small. But other than that everything is amazing, interior is cute although can get a little loud during busy hours and it's hard to hear myself breathe.was at the Blue Duck tonight was very hungry ordered the chicken wings for a app . and the tagliatelle well this waitress brought me my chicken wings as my entree, my husband ordered the scallops as a special which came out first we shared it then she brought generals tso's chicken wings with my husbands burger . my tagliatelle never came out when she came to are table she said well its finish time it was 10 minutes to 10 which is closeing time i had a reservation for 915 pm what a disappointment left hungry but didn't complain just felt cheated never gone backThis place is a solid 5. Staff was great and attentive, food is perfectly amazing no rush between apps and entrees no matter how busy it was. Great experianceI enjoyed the Blue Duck.  I sat at the counter and found the atmosphere to be enjoyable, I always like watching the chefs cook when there's an open kitchen like that.  They were playing awesome music when I was there.  It was almost like they had a playlist of my favorite songs prepared.  I got to hear Toto, Men At Work, Quiet Riot... good choices! 
The entrees and specials all sounded totally awesome, but I was hankering for a burger so I got one of those.  It was nicely cooked and came on a really good roll.  I have to admit however that I found the combination of garlic aioli and red onions to be way too pungent and overpowering.  I would skip the garlic aioli next time, it was all I could taste.  The fries were pretty decent.  
Service was excellent, almost too good actually, so I left a fat tip.  I like that the place is BYOB, so be sure to pick yourself up some beers before you come here.First off, the noise level is off the charts. There is no dress code, each guy walking in came in sweat pants and flip flops. Turn off. We ordered shredded duck pappardelle and prosciutto wrapped duck breast in balsamic glaze. The duck breast was cooked perfectly and was juicy and delicious.  The sauce on the paperdellle pasta was so salty that it was as inedible.  I like salt on my food but I could not stomach this entree. It was a major disappointment after hearing glowing reviews. I will NOT be going back..After all the hype I had to try and my chicken salad sandwich was really good! I was not a fan of the duck fat fries or the quack and cheese. The taste of duck fat was strong and left a bad taste in my mouth. My bf had the fried boneless chicken breast sandwich which was also just ok. I probably won't go back.Food is awesome and service is great! BYO keeps the prices reasonable - downside is sometimes folks stay longer to finish their wine/beer - which could delay your reservation time. 
Duck fries are a MUST!I've heard so much hype about this place and finally tried it the other day. We went for brunch and although the menu was short they had a lot of options. Food was okay. If you don't like duck (the majority of their dishes contain it, hence the name) skip this one.Played John Byrne and randomly found this place. 
Food was great. Burger was delicious. Only knock is that Burger doesn't come with fries and have to order separately. Come on is this North Korea?
Otherwise, great restaurant and would recommend after a day on the golf course.The best place in northeast Philly for great ambience, staff, food, and byob. I always bring people from out of town to The Blue Duck and everyone loves the food. I've had about everything on the menu and they are all delish. My favorite are the pierogies, burgers, and brussel sprouts.  It's best to call for reservations during the weekends.I've been here twice. It's definitely a welcome addition to the Northeast and BYOB is always a plus. The decor is nice and the staff is friendly. My issue is the portion size for the price point. 
1 - My first time I ordered the scallops and for $18 you get 4 scallops and about two or three tablespoons of lentils. Nothing else on the plate. I was definitely still very hungry so I sampled what was leftover from appetizers, my friends general tso wings, which were okay. Tasty, but nothing special. The accompaniments to the wings were just blah. I ended up leaving this night very hungry. 
2 - I decided there were enough positives to give it one more try. My second visit I ordered the sweet potato gnocci $16 and my friend ordered the duck sandwich. I wish I would have counted, however there may have been 8-12 gnocci on my plate max. It looked like less of a portion than an appetizer. I'm hard pressed to think of a time that I've ordered gnocci and not needed a to-go box. I knew immediately I was still going to be hungry. The flavor, however, was very good.
My friend was equally unsatisfied with his duck sandwich. It was about  half a sandwich size and did not come with anything on the side. For dinner you would expect a sandwich to have something, anything on the side. I felt bad for him and offered some of my gnocci, which we joked about. We both left still hungry and after paying we decided that we had to hit another spot on the way home in order to get some satisfying food. I know this sounds silly, but we are fit people used to dining in all types of establishments, most often downtown and due to the portion sizes and price point at the Blue Duck we will not be back for a third time. 
If I hear they've made improvements in those two areas I would consider returning because they are on to something with their flavor pairings.First visit and we will definitely be back! Sat at the kitchen counter it was really awesome watching them do their thing cooking plus we got to see what everyone's food looked like :). Started with the blue duck fries -- delicious! Just enough cheese sauce and the duck confit was on point. My boyfriend had the general tso chicken wings. Probably one of the best wings I've tried! Crispy but tender and the sauce with the wasabi blue cheese was a great flavor combo. Then for entrees I got the shrimp tagliatelle which was the special. I haven't had good pasta like that in awhile! Creamy, lemony, capery, artichokey goodness with nice big shrimpies. Heaven! Boyfriend ordered chorizo Mac which I obviously tried and loved. Really yummy flavors going on in there. 
Overall incredible experience! Friendly and fast service with fresh, delicious food. We both have leftovers too which is always a bonus for me. Can't wait for the next meal!Over priced $9 for just a burger with no fries or drink. The food is good but food saftey is lacking on many levels.The sandwiches here are divine and their burgers are especially good... BUT the music is SO LOUD. We just came back from lunch and I was literally screaming at my poor old grandmother the entire time. I mean, I love the 90s Pandora station as much as the next person (okay, maybe not), but my recommendation would be to aid the ambience and turn down the obnoxious music. The server we had was great. The quality of ingredients were quality. The volume is my only problem.The Northeast so needs a place like this...a trendy little spot with an original menu, kick ass brunch options, and fresh ingredients. Usually us northeasterners are relegated to the Olive Gardens and Applebees of the world, lest we travel out of our confines. But not anymore! 
I finally tried Blue Duck today for brunch, and the menu was just what I needed to ease my hangover. I ordered the fruity pebble French toast, which of course was unbelievably sweet but so good, like dessert for breakfast. My mom ordered the pork roll burger and quite liked it. We shared the duck fries which were delightful. 
I can't wait to come back and have a substantial dinner, maybe class it up a little bit after the fruity pebble concoction. But I will certainly be back to try more!Just had the blue Duck tonight. The food is over priced for what they have, food tends to be bland and not consistent. The waitress was alright, the Duck Fries are very good though.I still haven't had a chance to go back, but I still could never forget how amazing the smoked gouda mac n cheese with shredded duck was! I have told stories of this epic Mac and cheese, and it comes up every time I see a gourmet Mac and cheese on a menu! I hustled wanted to say about a year later you guys really really impressed me!
Thanks,
EricEverything I had here was pretty good. The food itself leans towards being different than what you would typically expect and all tasted pretty good, plus the service was great. But, everything was kind of pricey and nothing really made me want to come back here. Everything just seemed kind of okay.My mom and I have been going here for quite sometime. Whenever I have a free Saturday from work we always go to have brunch. Their blue duck fries are amazing! I can't get enough! And their fresh toast is to die for. My mom loves the chicken and waffles. And their orange juice tastes like it's fresh squeezed!! (Which I wouldn't be surprised if it is). The staff are always friendly and on point. And they play a lot of current music which brings an extra added touch. Love this place!! Will be recommending to all of my friends and family!I hate to give such a low rating for a place that has great review, but I want the readers to get a good idea of what they are walking into. This place is not family oriented, needs lot of organization, decoration and presentation is a mess. They barely have 10 tables and how they manage their kitchen supply is questionable. 
We live in the northeast and decided to check this place out. So the first time we visited them, the place was packed and we had to go back. The second time I called in for reservation to which they said I do not need one that day. We have heard great reviews about their duck dishes and so we had decided to order Duck fries and Quack and cheese. As soon as we sat down the waitress informed us that they are out of several dishes especially all the ones that contain duck (which is why we came there in the first place). 
I have never seen a restaurant with such high rating running out of key supplies (especially their main dish) - Just bad management. They had every opportunity to inform me regarding the mess they were in that day when I called earlier. Both the times I visited them, I was taking my wife out. Both the times I arranged babysitters to make it happen. Really mad that I could not have the time with my wife like I desired to have.
Running a restaurant is not all about having one great chef; the presentation matters, the surrounding matters, customer service matters. They need to operate as a well oiled machine to deserve higher rating. 
We settled for their signature burgers which was good.... and so the one star.
This place is good for take outs and not for families. It is not family friendly.My husband and I finally made it down here as we only live a few blocks away, and we proceeded at the bar, but the chairs are so incredibly uncomfortable and ask to be moved to one of the outside tables even though it was pretty hot out. It was no problem. 
So we both ordered and then we noticed that there was a sign on the door that we didn't see when we first came in as our credit card machine was down and they were cash only for the night. No worries, I walked home to get money, so I can also change into shorts which was helpful, and walked back down. It was 10 minutes each way so I kind of wish we had seen it before we ordered or someone had mentioned it.
Our food was so good. It was to die for. I ordered the burrata salad With grilled chicken. I had never heard of burrata cheese before this. I am now a convert to the Church of Burrata. Our server told me that it was really good and highly recommended it when I was asking her what it was, so I just took her word on it and it was the greatest leap of faith I've ever made. Usually something like that, something isn't perfect. Either the chicken is gristley or ice cold, or the tomatoes on the salad are mealy, or the lettuce is wilted. None of that applied. Everything was perfect. 
The service was five stars on point. Everyone we spoke to is a really friendly and helpful and nice.
10/10 will go back!Many times when a restaurant is raved about by friends so much, it fails to meet expectations. I was worried that Blue Duck would be another victim to this and be a Northeast Philly underachieving eatery. 
This simply was not the case. Blue Duck's food exceeded my already loft expectations. Pro tip- make reservations as this place is small. Now onto the food..
For starters we ordered the Confit Fries, Cantaloupe Soup, and the Potato Gnocchi. The Fries have been written about many times and yes they are that good. An absolute must to order. The gnocchi were in a red sauce with cubes of fresh mozzarella. They were like little happy puffy light clouds of pasta. Exquisite and refined, albeit a bit of a small portion. The surprise of the day was the Cantaloupe Soup. It included pineapple, mint, and chili oil. I am an adventurous eater, so I gave this a go. Wow! It awakened all of my senses. It was cool, sweet, pungent, spicy. This neat little dish was the winner of the night. If it is again on the menu, I implore you to try it. 
For the main course we ordered General Tso wings with Wasabi Blue Cheese. This was a solid dish that was heightened by the Wasabi mixture. I look forward to trying this as a dip the next time I have General Tso's. The other dish we ordered was Lobster Tacos. They included: strawberries, watermelon radish, red cabbage, topped with a vanilla vinaigrette. Quite an experimentive conglomeration of fruit and the sea. This dish  was interesting, but lacked the depth of flavor I was hoping for. 
I simply could not pass on the Blood Orange Gelati with fresh whipped creme. This was the neat little bow on what was as close to perfect of an actual meal. The food and pairings are unrivaled in NE Philly and quite honestly, it is ONLY the ambiance that holds this place back from being talked about in the same breath as Vetri, Sbraga, etc. 
The interior decor is quite frankly a mess of non-symmetric dishes hung on the wall with lightbulbs hanging out the center. That it is in a strip mall is also disappointing. The sound level in the dining room was deafening. There was literally all walks of life as patrons. Punk/emo, first dates, mesh backed trucker hats, 40 somethings that brought Arbor Mist, etc. I don't want a dress code, but I also would prefer not to eat next to Marilyn Manson kids with huge holes in their ears. Crap, I am getting old. I almost wrote "Get off my lawn". 
To wrap things up, Blue Duck only misses 5 stars due to the ambiance. You go here for the food and endure the decor/patrons/sound level. As someone not easily impressed, this little eatery left me wanting another visit.I've been the The Blue Duck 3 times now, and each time is somehow better than the last. 
First time I went, I made the mistake of showing up on a Sunday without a reservation. Absolutely DO NOT DO THIS. In fact, to save yourself time and frustration, just make a reservation whatever day and time you are thinking of going. The place is super small and you're not going to want to wait outside. 
That being said, when you do make a reservation, they are READY FOR YOU. I can't tell you how many times I've made a reservation at other places and was still made to wait.
Now the food. FAN-FREAKING-TASTIC. Whether you are going for brunch or dinner, you are in for a complete awesome and different experience. Normally I have a hard time picking things on a menu because it's so damn boring. I always try to order something new. Here I just have a hard time choosing because the everything on the menu sounds so good, and it's stuff you won't find somewhere else.
Burgers? Amazing. So far we've tried the Pork Roll Burger, which totally lives up to its reputation. My friend also had the Beast of the Northeast, which unfortunately was just a limited time thing, but they really should put it back on the menu because of how much he, and everyone else that has had it had reacted. 
Wings? Also great.
Fries? Holy crap the fries. It may sound silly, but the fries they have here are incredible. All varieties I have tried. If they did takeout, I would be coming at least once a week to pick up just some of those alone. If you ever see they are making bacon, egg, and cheese waffle fries for brunch, GO. 
The staff is so, so nice. The owners and management have everything set up perfectly here.
My only super tiny complaints are the size of the place, and the noise level. It is REALLY small in there. Probably for the best though. If they served a much larger crowd, I'd worry that the quality would suffer. With it being so small, it is incredibly loud! You won't really be able to hear the people you are there eating with. Doesn't matter too much though. You'll be too busy stuffing your face to really care.This is my go-to restaurant in the Northeast Philadelphia area I love this place their menu was fun the food is good everything is created with a unique customer and my sometime we can be a little loud even in the middle of the day on my like how they turn them lights down in the evenings I wish they had more patio space but I think it's just the location I hope they keep it small and don't get too commercial that's what makes the place so unique it's just an awesome place with awesome food whether it's brunch dinner with at lunch it's awesome try this place it's BYOBI'm thrilled that the Blue Duck has opened in the northeast. I've yet to have anything on the menu that disappointed me. Let me tell you...the pork roll cheeseburger is the best burger I've ever had!!! They are a little on the pricey side. $10 for the burger and it doesn't come with any fries, but still worth it for the quality of the food. The chorizo Mac and Cheese was mouthwatering and had just the right amount of spiciness to it. My next goal is to go there for brunch. The decor makes you feel right at home with the wooden tables and natural lighting. It's a byob which is fine, but I think they should consider having some local beer options on draft.Interesting location, good food. Not the most kid friendly but the staff is super friendly. Needs better drink selection.The Blue Duck is definitely one of the best brunch spots in Philly! On the weekends it's so packed, if you know you want to try this during the brunch hours try to make a reservation. My boyfriend and I have been here multiple times. I personally really like eating duck, so my favorite dish from there is the Duck House Salad with shredded duck. I love it, the salad is always perfectly tossed and coated with the dressing with fresh vegetables. The duck is always soft and perfectly shredded even though it doesn't have a lot of flavor or any sauce on it, but that's what brings out the true flavor of the duck! All their side dishes are great including the Brisket Mac, Quack & Cheese, Blue Duck fries. Both the Brisket Mac and Quack&Cheese are both bowls of cheesy and gooey goodness that isn't too heavy, but it does come in a nice portion for a group of friends to share! The fries are also a one of a kind, I'm not sure what they exactly do to the fries but they have the perfect crunch and also comes in a hefty portion.
On Sundays they only serve their brunch menu and unfortunately the salad is not on that menu, so I got a Duck Benedict. Oh, it definitely hit the spot! The duck breast is very tender! Awesome dish, I personally will like it will a little less hollandaise sauce, but none the less still really good.
Overall, this is my favorite brunch spot near my house, it can get a little busy so the wait time can be a little long but it's definitely worth the wait!Soo good. The duck fries are a must. The quack and cheese is really good but it gets too rich after a while which is fine because it is a rich dish. The sour cherries cut through the richness very nicely. I like to order extra of those. Cute place, something you usually would find in northern liberties but in the northeast.Outstanding food! Porkroll burger and duck fries! My wife and I stopped by and ordered some takeout after reading the reviews Yelp. We both ordered porkroll burgers, blue duck fries, and bacon Mac n cheese. It was entirely too much food for the both of us but we had to try everything. The burgers were cooked perfectly and tasted even better, the duck fries were the first to go, and the bacon Mac n cheese was amazing with thick cut bacon mixed in with a great creamy cheese sauce. We officially found our new go to spot in the northeast!Somewhat underwhelming. I was expecting a great NoLibs style eatery, but this didn't quite match up. Ordered the house grind, medium, with salt and pepper fries and strawberry lemonade.  The food came out promptly and was hot when it hit the table. The mix in the burger was pretty good, but it came out with not much of a sear and somewhat under cooked and under seasoned. Toppings were one small, inadequate piece of cheddar, a leaf of romaine, and a couple of slices of bland, grocery store style tomaroes. The bun was fresh with a nice crust. The salt and pepper fries were very under seasoned, with little or no salt or pepper and served with a bland, mild cheese sauce. The lemonade was quite good. All told, it was enough for me to give them another shot at a later date, but definately not the go-to place I was hoping for.The food is amazing to say the least, I really recommend the duck fries! The restaurant itself has a really cool vibe to it and the staff was very friendly. So far I've been there for brunch and lunch and I can't wait to go back!The Blue Duck is a gold mine in Northeast Philadelphia. The staff is very friendly and the food is phenomenal. My husband and I love it here. The Blue Duck has different specials every time we go. Whoever came up with the menu is super creative. They create these taco combinations that are so tasty and flavorful. There is something for everyone on the menu to eat  and it's good quality food. 
Reservations are good to make because it is a tiny spot. If you have to wait a few minutes, it's worth the wait. 
Never had a bad meal at The Blue Duck.Found this lovely place by searching Yelp the other night.  Nicely decorated and the staff was very accommodating.  Let me start off by saying that I had high hopes for this establishment but was let down, immensely.  
My friend and I shared the salt and pepper fries.  The fries were seasoned well and we both really enjoyed the cheese (on the side).  I was hopeful that after tasting the cheese for the fries my mac and cheese would be equally tasty.  It was not.  
Classic mac and cheese....it was reminiscent of easy mac from the box they just took some fancy bacon, cut it up and threw it in there.  
Then I had the General Tso's wings, a half order.  1 flat and 5 drums.  No bueno.  Really??  5 drums???  The spice level was lacking, but the sauce was just okay.  
All in all, I would give this place another chance, but I definitely won't be ordering the same things I tried.The duck fries are a must have! We had great service and the food was excellent. It's a must try spot if you're in the area! We will definitely be back.I was in the area so I hit up Yelp to find some local eats!
This place reminded me of an old-fashioned house that was converted into a restaurant. There was nice, smooth hard wood floors that made the table tops and chairs. 
I didn't have reservations so I sat at the bar, facing the kitchen. Order the General Tso Chicken, the Remedy (breakfast bagel), Duck Benedict. The wings were really good, especially the wasabi dipping sauce that came with it. I just wished the sauce wasn't so heavy on the chicken. My Benedict was also too saucy, that my meal was kinda soggy.. Don't get me wrong it was delish, but it was kinda a mess. 
Service was good, it was a bit awkward to have to turn 180 degrees around just to hear what the waiter was saying, but it was manageable. But the waiter was very attentive!
Comparable to brunch places like Green Eggs and Cafe La Maude in Philly, this place didn't really give me much for my money. Servings were small and the flavor was very simple, nothing too outstanding. But I may return for the fries fried in duck fat.Can't believe I'm just now finding out about this place after living in the area for almost 4 years now. I love their who set up and food is amazing. A menu like no other with specials that change daily. New favorite spot for breakfast or brunch.It's nice that Blue Duck is trying something more creative in the Northeast. The atmosphere and decor is very comfortable and laid back, with a menu that makes you feel like you're downtown. Their menu is a mix of comfort food with a dash of elegance. 
When they first opened I loved going there, especially for their blue duck fries. The past few times, the food has been hit or miss. The last time I went, I ordered the fried chicken and it was burnt to a black crisp. I actually ate a piece or two thinking that was the way it was supposed to be but it was clearly burnt after all.
When I approached the manager, I let him know that I was a big fan of the restaurant but my chicken was black, not too get a refund but just to let him know what happened. I was met with a, "Ok thanks" and then I left, feeling like an idiot. I'm never one to complain but I really like the place so I was more so giving them a heads up.
I'll give it another shot but hopefully their noses aren't too stuck in the air. I'm interested in trying their brunch as well.My son and I had dinner on the opening night. We were immediately greeted when we walked in. The host was friendly and quickly seated us. Once we were seated the server came to take our order. The decor had a homey feeling to it. We liked the open kitchen set-up. We started with General Tso's wings. The flavor was amazing and the chicken was very moist. They were so good I also got an order to go. My son got the BBLT. The sandwich was huge and filled with a lot of thick bacon cooked to perfection. I got the American Classic Mac and Cheese. The homemade cheese sauce was creamy and delicious. There was a steady flow of people dining at the restaurant. All of the staff were constantly on the move making sure food was delivered in a timely fashion, checking on everyone and refilling drink glasses. Co-owner Joe walked around the restaurant checking on the patrons making sure they were pleased with their order. Menu items are creative, delicious and reasonably priced. It's BYOB which is a plus. We will be going for Sunday brunch as well as returning often to try more of the unique menu items. Give it a try, I think you will be pleased.Went last night for dinner and it was DELICIOUS!! I got the pork roll burger and it was so good. Small place, kinda loud but it's a cute little neighborhood BYOB. I suggest everyone try it out!The kitchen is open so you know exactly what's going on and the atmosphere is upbeat & friendly; tables don't stay vacant for long!   It's a BYOB but they are equipped w/everything you need to pop open that vino and toast to the great meal you're about to enjoy.   I started w/homemade Grape Lemonade; I thought it would be purple and made from concentrate but some type of beverage is made fresh daily and the succulent fresh grape & lemon flavors were so natural & refreshing in today's selection, I knew instantly it was the real deal .  We shared our orders cause we wanted to sample as much as we could.  I'm picky about my Buffalo Wings and theirs beyond satisfied my hankering.  General Tso's Wings are so tasty.  Salt & Pepper Fries w/a velvety cheese sauce will leave you wanting more, Quack & Cheese Mac w/just the right amount of duck and portabella mushrooms; move over Lobster Mac!    A fresh cold & crisp salad w/freshly made dressing is now our new favorite.  Of course, I ordered a House Burger to take home for hubby, he enjoyed every juicy bite except one; yes, I had to have a taste especially w/the roasted garlic mayo.  Everything was so delicious and their dishes all have the chef's own unique touch.  We can't wait to go back and have more items from the menu, especially Sunday Brunch.  Best wishes for many successful years to the owners & chefs, Kris Serviss and Joe Callahan.This place was just out of this world. Not enough stars do this place justice. You have to start of with an order of blue duck fries. They're just the bomb. The General tso chicken tacos were crazy good. And that wasabi blue cheese is AMAZING. Definitely a place to check out!!!I really loved the quack and cheese and the burgers here. My friend ordered scallops and did not like them, but when we told our waiter this, the chef himself came out and apologized and took them off our bill. I would definitely eat here again and my friend agreed!So, I don't think duck is for me. My friends and I started with the Quack & Cheese and the fries. Both were really good, but my body did not agree later. I then had the SYL burger and it was amazing. Cooked perfectly, just the right amount of avocado, bacon & cheese. I tried pieces of their burgers..didn't like the pork roll one too much and I forget which one my other friend had. 
I love that this place is BYOB and tucked away into a little corner in the northeast. Most restaurants with this quality of food are downtown and the prices are sky high. The price point is affordable and the portions are a nice size. 
The atmosphere is clean and friendly, nice home-style décor, and a variety of patrons. My friends and I were too stuffed to try dessert, but I think I'll come back, have some non-duck items and take a crack at the dessert options.I heard about this place from my friend who recommended the pork roll burger. That sandwich is amazing. The flavors are so rich and delicious. My husband ordered the blue duck sandwich which was also outstanding. The meat is so tender. We also ordered the blue duck fries. It has a smoked Gouda sauce on it which is to die for. We would definately come back.We there this past Saturday night and got take out.  Both my daughter and I each got a single cheeseburger and we split the brisket mac and cheese.  First, the food was pretty good and we enjoyed it.  However,  they're completely overpriced.  The single cheeseburger is a thin burger with cheese, chopped red onions and two slices of pickles FOR $7?????   ($12 for a double burger, ridiculous).  Going out for dinner or take out is just getting ridiculous anymore.  Our total bill was $24 (+ we left a $2 tip for the take out hostess).  $26 for 2 burgers and mac and cheese?  Not again; food was good but I don't think we'll go back and pay those prices again.My husband and I had high hopes for this restaurant.  Being that we both were born & raised in Northeast Philly, still live in the area and go downtown to eat frequently, we were excited there was FINALLY a promising spot in our own neighborhood.  The first thing I noticed about the Blue Duck was the simple & trendy decor, second thing I noticed was the noise level.  It was incredibly loud with chatter bouncing off the walls and the constant sound of metal chairs scraping across the floor as guests sat down or got up.  We could barely hear our waitress and when we left, I actually had a sore throat from having to talk so loudly over the table.  My husband got the award winning pork roll burger & duck fries and enjoyed them both.  I don't know what got into me but I went off course from ordering the same and got the sweet potato gnocchi with brown butter, roasted leeks, sage & jalapeño.  I was expecting gorgeous orange gnocchi to come out but I got a plate of gray gnocchi with no jalapeño or leeks to be found, just a greasy sauce with little pieces of charred leek residue and a ton of cracked pepper.  I really couldn't believe the dish was even served to me, it was one of the worse things I ever tasted.  I don't like to complain or make a scene so I just left the dish barely touched and moved on to dessert, which was good but not memorable.  When we left the restaurant, my husband and I had the same feedback, we'd give the Blue Duck another chance but we'd stick with what they seem to do well - burgers & fries.A very pleasant surprise with a very creative menu. Haven't had a bad meal - lunch, dinner and Sunday brunch are great. Service was always been great. BYOB keeps the price down.Mother's Day brunch was delicious! It was our first time there and it was amazing! Staff was so nice, the owner checked on us before we left. It was an all around great dining experience. I had the Stock's French Toast and it was YUMMY! Hubby had the Duck Benedict  and the duck fries and loved both!  One of the kids had the brisket quesadilla, and one had the "remedy" and said it was really good.  We will return for lunch/dinner next time!Delicious food, very original food here love seeing what new things they come up with.Has the tastiest fries, best duck beef burger and friendliest staff. Unique lunch spot. 
This is a place you should visit when in philly. Ignore the strip mall setting and tuck in your napkin for a great dining experience.Finally - someone figured it out in the northeast.  This BYO is an outstanding value and the quality of the food is up there with experiences in any neighborhood...
Well done and will likely get better with age...
PS - Burgerbrawl winnerI won't nitpick and list all of the missteps or comment with everything that went wrong. I'll just say that we waited over an hour for our entrees and they were not hot when they got to the table. I think they have some kinks to work out and then this place will be amazing. We were compensated appropriately for our lackluster dining experience. In other words, they made it right.After eating here a few times, I have to say it's really very good.  It's really very GREAT for North East Philly, where I grew up.  Living in the city now I, I enjoy an abundance of high quality joints like this.  
The duck fries are truly a must; thanks for all the yelp suggestions on that!  It's a great way to wait for your meal.  And, one order is enough for 3 or 4 to pick on easily.  The dishes Ive had each time have been really good but last time in, my friends raved about their crab cakes which I chose not to try; I didnt want to share my perfectly prepared grilled pork chop.  It was the best pork chop Ive had in years.  Serving it with a side of mustard mash was pretty damn great too.This is our new go-to spot in our neighborhood. We started with an order of the chicken wings with citrus gastrique, and the Quack & Mac-- it was so delicious. The wings were crisp with a nice light batter, and the cranberries in the Mac & cheese worked so well with the creamy, yet savory noodles and béchamel. For our entrees, we ordered the Fried Chicken and honey tabasco sauce. --- believe the hype, this place is worth the wait!It was our first visit. The service was excellent. We had the mussels appetizer which was very good. My husband ordered the duck breast and I ordered the scallops. I was disappointed with the amount of scallops on the plate. There were 3 scallops on the plate. It was not worth the price of $24.00. I actually left still hungry.Wonderful, as usual. The Sable fish special was perfect! And our picky 14 year old loved the classic mac and cheese. We'll be patrons often.Had tasty fries and enjoyed the wings..the pork roll burger with an egg was yummy...just wish it was a tad largerGreat food. Love the chicken and pound cake French toast. Also, the duck fries are good.Brunch is fantastic dinner was a disappointment. The scallops were bland and the grain salad overcooked and dry. Apps were good wings and egg rolls. Always season always taseI love Blue Duck! Their food is amazing. I also love how they change their menu all the time, so it is new things every time you come! My absolute all time favorite this is Duck fries, so definitely give it a try!Great atmosphere, great food, great northeast find! Manager is awesome! If you FREEquent the place you may get some free items. Lucky enough to have gotten free dessert while pregnant and free drinking glasses for being a frequent customer. Friendly staff, a must go.You tell me...$175 for tacos, burger, and veal dish? Food fair at best. Nice atmosphere. Good service. Sodas can add up quickly. 12oz for $2.50. Prob won't return. Wayyyyy overpriced. Paying center city prices.Mmmmmmmmm....
That is my first response to my Sunday brunch experience.  There were so many yummy things to choose from that we over ordered and took it home.
General Tso's wings.  Delicious.   Just the wasabi blue cheese sauce is enough to to give it a 4 star rating.
Blue Duck Fries - love the duck confit with the smoked Gouda cheese sauce.   It brings fries to a whole new stratum
Duck Benedict - eggs were a bit on the runny side but the sriracha Cherry hollandaise makes it fabulous.
Duck a l'orange- thin pancakes with duck and blood orange syrup.   This was good but not as good as the other things, but then I like thick pancakes.
Nonetheless I will be back to try other things on the menu.
The music here was very loud but the atmosphere rustic, though fresh and bright featuring a concrete floor that had been epoxied over and wooden tables.  Two large screen TVS dominate the space.  Tables are close.
Look out for the creepy mannequin in the back if you head back to the restroom.   Reservations are advisable.  Not the place to bring grandma.   More the spot for hipsters and empty nesters who still have their hearingMy fiancé and I went to the Blue Duck tonight to help support his friend, Serviss, who is one of the owners. I heard he was a good chef... Didn't know how good. 
It's byob which I love! 
We brought a bottle of pinto Grigio and picked the Bruschetta wings for an appetizer. OMG! Delish!
We contemplated the night before what we were ordering (like we always do). 
He knew he was getting the Wild Boar Meatloaf which I tasted and was amazing! (He ate it in 30 seconds....)
I got the shrimp and duck tacos with some yummy sauce that was fabulous. I've never eaten anything like it & ate every bite. 
Really happy for these guys to have put something like this together in a neighborhood that doesn't have anything like it, or even close to it.  Can't wait to go back and try everything else!!!We liked it here.  We started with the hummus plate.  It was very good.  Both ordered burgers, mine came out as ordered...his came out well done (he asked for medium).  Server was efficient and pleasant.  My one complaint is that another couple was seated so close to us, we might as well have been a four-top.  I'm used to tight quarters, but this was very uncomfortable.Love this place. I wish they would expand though. It's too good to keep small. Always good food, great variety, great service. 
I love that it's a "center city" worthy spot that's right in the NE. You definitely need reservations though. This place is almost always full.This is a really adorable breakfast / brunch spot in the northeast. The servers and hostess were all very kind and attentive, and the food was really good. Docking one star because my food did arrive a little lukewarm and the coffee mugs are so tiny.I stopped in to treat myself to lunch. Nice decor and very inviting atmosphere. I ordered the duck fries which everyone has been raving about and they are delicious. Shredded pieces of duck on top of homemade french fries with melted cheese just awesome. I ordered a half of the citrus blue moon wings. They were  the best wings I've had in awhile. They use the Blue Moon beer and make this wonderful sweet sauce. There are other choices of wings that are hotter but I preferred this one. I would definitely give it a try if you want something new.Most importantly, the food is delicious. The service and atmosphere are inviting. It reminds me of a trendy restaurant downtown but it's in a small strip-mall in NE philly which I love because i live a few blocks away. Even when they are packed full and busy they try their best to accommodate. I particularly like their brunch pork roll burger with and egg and for dinner the bacon wrapped wild boar meatloaf. Give it a try. You won't regret it.Don't judge the book by its cover. This little spot may be in a strip mall, but come inside and check it out for yourself. Their brief but tasty menu offers up options that mainly feature none other than - you guessed it - duck. I tried the duck fries, as recommended by other users, and was not disappointed. I also tried the Blue Jawn sandwich which was just as good. I wasn't thrilled with the initial reception, the hostess had a less than warm welcome and seemed eager push us to outdoor seating. Thankfully, the helpful waitress made up for this bad first impression.
Also highly recommended are the wings which are delicious and come with an awesome wasabi blue cheeseFinally made my way over to the Blue Duck. I was lucky enough to get in before a dinner rush, which was hitting as I was leaving. I was immediately impressed with a very friendly staff. I was greeted as I walked in and things got better from there. The restaurant feels like it belongs in the heart of Center City. It has a young, fresh and stylish vibe. 
I was there with my wife, so we opted to grab the Duck Fries as an appetizer. This dish was a flavor explosion. It had a nice layered presentation. The fries were cooked perfectly, and the shredded pieces of duck were nice and tender. The crispy bits of bacon, the sauce and the duck fat topped it off. For dinner I went with the fried chicken. the breading had a nice hint of spice. the chicken was still juicy and not overcooked. The included biscuit was a nice dense buttermilk recipe. Great for soaking up leftover sauce from the duck fries. My wife went with the duck mac and cheese. It was a very creamy sauce with some nice extras thrown in. The addition of cranberries was a nice twist. 
Making the experience better was the fact that the manager came around and talked to those who were in the restaurant. He was friendly and was open to talking about the food, some upcoming specials and what we thought overall. I'll be back for sure as it's nice to have something a bit different in the area. I hope they have success and it opens the door to more places to offer non-traditional takes on their menu.Pros: Good food, nice and clean, quick service and in NE Philly. 
Cons: Noisy (but it worked out for me because my daughter was crying the whole time and no one seemed to be bothered), and little pricey but the food made up for that.HOLY MOLY THIS PLACE. I love Blue Duck so much guys. Like so much. I've been going there since my junior year of HS when my 20 bus would pass by Holmes Ave and I would see this place. The day I tried their duck fries are the day my life drastically improved. I have an album full of pics of all my food from Blue Duck. Even though another Blue Duck opened in Center City and the Ugly Duckling too, THIS PLACE IS THE OG. #northeastphilly 
I always recommend their Duck fries and General Tsos tacos YARK YARK!!!!The Blue Duck is hands-down my favorite restaurant in NE Philly. The food is so good. I'm talking shredded duck cheese fries and cheeseburgers so good you could cry. Also, general tso's tacos?! Seriously. Get yourself to Blue Duck and thank me later.Are reservations necessary? Yes. Are reservations honored? No. This place was busy upon entrance, but no worries I thought, because I reserved a table. Too bad, my girlfriend and I were scuttled to the back, where we waited over twenty minutes for our table, with no apology from the manager in site, Nick Cammarota, who seemed more interested in looking cool than running a smooth restaurant. The food was  decent, prices slightly fairly reasonable. Do not intend on returning though.My son and I had dinner on the opening night. We were immediately greeted when we walked in. The host was friendly and quickly seated us. Once we were seated the server came to take our order. The decor had a homey feeling to it. We liked the open kitchen set-up. We started with General Tso's wings. The flavor was amazing and the chicken was very moist. They were so good I also got an order to go. My son got the BBLT. The sandwich was huge and filled with a lot of thick bacon cooked to perfection. I got the American Classic Mac and Cheese. The homemade cheese sauce was creamy and delicious. There was a steady flow of people dining at the restaurant. All of the staff were constantly on the move making sure food was delivered in a timely fashion, checking on everyone and refilling drink glasses. Co-owner Joe walked around the restaurant checking on the patrons making sure they were pleased with their order. Menu items are creative, delicious and reasonably priced. It's BYOB which is a plus. We will be going for Sunday brunch as well as returning often to try more of the unique menu items. Give it a try, I think you will be pleased.I was here for dinner with a group of friends. I read the reviews and I was looking forward to going. I have to say, the noise was ridiculous! I felt the food was ok but in
fairness, the rest of my party seemed to enjoy it. I would try the restaurant again only if something is done about the noise level. I couldn't wait to leave.It's always delicious with creative and well flavored dishes duck Benedict 5  , meat and beacon garlic waffle with scrapple crazy good great brunch now need to go for dinnerThe BD was referred by a fellow co-worker and friend. I can't tell you how much my husband and I adored it. We went for the first time for my bday and now I'm absolutely obsessed with it. Every food we have gotten there has been absolutely delicious. The wait staff is awesome and accommodating. It's such a cute place. I want to go all the time, but having kids it's hard to get out. So when my husband and I do get a date night, we don't even think twice about where to go! Affordable, delicious, and conveniently byob! Their fries rock. They have the most amazing General cho tacos with this amazing wasabi blue cheese sauce. Holy moly my mouth is watering just writing this! Only complaint...they only serve those tacos at lunch now!! Seriously? Guess I'll have to cut work and just go to lunch there . They have a taco special every night though and I've enjoyed those thoroughly as well. Just go and see for yourself. You won't regret it.It's ok. The menu is limited & they are not prepared for special requests. I wanted oil & vinegar on the side of my salad instead of the dressing it came with and it was a problem.Let me start by saying that I am not a religious person, but my meal at Blue Duck Philly caused a spiritual awakening. I am praying to be reincarnated as that duck I just ate--because to die for such a noble and delicious cause would truly be an honor. 
My husband and I went to Blue Duck to celebrate our anniversary (which was yesterday, but they're not open on mondays, FYI). He had been there once before for a friends bachelor party and has not stopped talking about how good the food was. I followed them on instagram shortly after his experience and it's been non stop food porn. The beautiful food photography and great branding gave me the impression that this place was detail oriented before I even stepped foot in the door. I checked out the menu beforehand and had my meal all planned out.
We started the night off with the Duck Fries--fried in duck fat, topped with melted gouda and shredded duck meat. You could have subbed the fries for human fingers and honestly, the toppings were so good that I still would have eaten it. I was going to get a Cesar Salad because I'm boring and there wasn't much in the way of Gluten Free menu options--and then I heard the specials:
On Tuesday nights they do a Duck Breast special--tonight was a "Pan-Seared Paprika Spiced Duck Breast with Yellow Rice, Brussels Sprouts, Asparagus and a Curried Tomato Broth. I am at a loss for words. The duck was melt in your mouth amazing--as to be expected, but what caught me off guard was how good the accompanying food was. The rice was creamy, the Brussels and asparagus: cooked to perfection. If it hadn't been my anniversary I probably would have left with the chef. 
As my iPhone would say, and finally be correct: it was duckin' amazing. (Sorry: I had to).I love the Blue Duck. They have awesome customer service I love it. I've been going there for a little while now and probably won't stop anytime in the future. I take my family there all the time. PS very clean bathrooms.Food was amazing. It's a really small place and the feel is homey but the food is higher end. They have so many great things to try. Fruity pebbles French toast, chicken and waffles. AmazingThe food and service was spectacular yet affordable. The Blue Duck menu has the spice and delicious quirks you'd expect in a new University City spot, yet it's conveniently located in the Northeast! 
All of the service staff were friendly and on point. I think our waitress could read minds- she knew exactly when to walk over and take our orders. She even brought us go boxes without us needing to ask.  
Two tips: 
Make reservations, but don't be deterred if you forget. We had a 20 min wait for a late dinner. 
Be prepared for a loud restaurant at peak hours. I think they need to do more to absorb noise in the room because this place is kind of small and very noisy when full. Maybe more decor and sound absorbing ceiling tiles?Comfort food at its finest- the Blue Duck offers a great menu full of the best comfort foods. Mac&Cheese taken to the next level, duck-fat fries piled high with delicious pulled pork and cheese sauce. This place is not for those watching their waistline, for sure! We ordered the sweet potato gnocchi and fried chicken as entrees. Both were absolutely delicious. Flavorful, tender - dishes that left you wanting more, even though you were full when finishing - just because it was THAT good! 
Only reason why I did not rate this a 5 is the noise. It was nearly impossible to hear due to how loud it was inside. Maybe the hardwood floor and practically bare walls just amplifies the talking. Our ears were ringing by the time we left. 
Would definitely return for brunch next time. And hopefully on an off-time when it's not crowded (less noisy). 
Awesome spot!We ate dinner here tonight, myself and two girlfriends. This place came highly recommended. I made a reservation and we were seated. The place was bustling and pretty loud. We had to ask the waitress to repeat herself several times due to the noise level. We got the duck fries as an appetizer and they were tasty. Perfect crispy fries tossed with flavorful shreds of duck and topped with a creamy white cheese.  The entrees were a different story! I got the Veal Milanese for $24. What I got was two seriously overcooked veal cutlets on a bed of spring mix and drizzled with balsamic vinegar. The cutlets were overly breaded and almost burnt. I couldn't even taste the veal. My friend wanted me to send the dish back and called the waitress over. The waitress argued that the veal wasn't burnt, it was just the balsamic vinegar that made the breading so dark. A blatant lie. I don't send food back, so I did finish the dish, but it was a severely overpriced mistake on my part.  My friend got the wild boar meatloaf platter and it was awful  The meatloaf had a strange and tangy flavor,. I am familiar with wild boar, but this was not good.  She wasn't pleased with it. Our other dining partner got the tacos of the day, Mahi-Mahi.  She enjoyed them and said they were fresh and tasty.
I am a a Northeast girl and like to support local business, but was severely let down by the Blue Duck. It was busy, but the food certainly did not live up to the hype.  Service was inattentive at best. They couldn't wait to rush us out after we were finished the meal.  
Don't know if I'd give them another shot.Chapter 1
The restaurant, if you can call it that, for its food would be better served on Olympus than into mortal mouths, is inconspicuous. The strip mall in which the sandwichery is sandwiched includes benign places of commerce that will have no bearing on the implications of humanity except for that they have been built on the sidewalk on which this restaurant stands. Under the mounted plates and dimmed lights there are emptying bowls; all eyes are on the food and there are no frowns.
The Blue Duck is here.
Chapter 2
At first you think, "mac and cheese - I can get that anywhere," and then you see the cranberries.
At first you think "escargot - I don't want snail," and then you see the champagne butter.
The sandwiches - pork rolled, pounded with tastebud dynamite, and vulgarly acronymed - are cheaper than a Coney Island Corona. The Duck Fries are sleeping with melted Gouda. There's orange in the whipped cream.
After every bite, ecstasy; after every meal, sweatpants.
Chapter 3
When I was 12 a family friend took us to a Chinese restaurant in New York City that served such succulent soup dumplings that I vowed to return every time I ever visited Manhattan. The restaurant was my temple and turned their food into my salvation. I told everyone I would never need to eat at another restaurant ever again. Fifteen years later and I've been to 9 Pell Street in Chinatown almost 100 times. I am its pope and its owners and servers greet me with handshakes and desserts.
Forgive me Lord for I have sinned and been unfaithful.
Chapter 4
The Blue Duck closes at 10 p.m. but we stayed long after that. The owners, the staff - they didn't mind; in fact they encouraged us. Nine words with Chris or Matt or Nick and you will have a new guest at your Christmas party, and they probably will too.
Friends: our time on this rock is finite. You must enjoy every morsel of life. And the Blue Duck belongs in it. But here is the truth: if you don't ever make it to the Duck, then when your stopwatch finally hits zero, the Duck will be waiting for you.Simple put.  BLOWS. NOT JUST A LITTLE BIT, LIKE A CLASS FIVE HURRICANE.  With a Tsunami back up.
The quick summary.
Service is all but non existent.
Food is about a 4 out of 10. I'm being kind.
Value NONE....This is a waste of your time and money. This can be your next bad experience.
Management/Owners Adversarial and Rude, Badgering and condescending at best.  
This is probably my last visit there.  This WAS a great place, it is not any longer. It's sad to see a once place that was fantastic turn into slop through. But it has.  Save you time and effort.
What made bad, you might ask. Well here is my blow by blow accounting of this last experience.
Should have left when we pulled up and we could hear the excessively loud rave night club music was playing. As we entered you could feel the beat pulsing through your body. And the so called chefs are acting like D. J.s at the same club. 
But since we are meeting up with family, and  we had reservations, we decide to endure further. You do this type of thing for so you can spend time with family. So....
THEY HAVE achieved a level of incompetence when selecting a table for our party of FIVE.  THEY tried to cram us onto a table barely meant for three skinny people. When asked about it , the staff seemed to confused and frozen on what to do. Eventually THEY manage to put us with a table to share with a group of six. So now we have six strangers at the same table with us.  The strangers were cool about it.
After about 20 minutes of being ignored.  Finally someone drops off some water, says they are here to serve us.  (Service was so slow and absent, we all felt very ignored.). Asked for coffee and eventually we ended with a half cup that that had that nasty several hours old and oily uncleaned coffee pot taste and film. Not a good start.  It's definitely the first sign of a business lowering the quality of its products.
I think we were all disappointed on one level or another.  It was a pathetic showing by the blue duck. The bug that ran across the table impressed no one. The dick fries were so overcooked the were almost burned.  I ordered something called the remedy,  What was supposed to be a breakfast sandwich, turned out to be something that immediately of a used feminine napkin that was having huge infectious issues.  It was so disgusting, I took most of my will power not to have done the eruptus maximus Technicolor spray.  Seriously it was that gross.  
The wait staff kept avoiding talking to me as they saw the vile mess in front of me. And they could see I was clearly unimpressed. 
So finally every choked down what they ordered.  Again more amateur grade food given. 
When it came time to leave and pay the check, suddenly someone became interested in my issue. Only to experience the lack of professionalism and care owners have.  I found myself being treated like I was in a criminal being interrogated.  Demanding answers.  If you serve things that look like SHIT, you can't expect people to try it.  I had no interest in tasting an infection infested anything.
As an UPDATE,  I ended up with shits, my girl ended chatting with Ralph on the big white porcelain telephone, the other gal got queasy.  No need to make this mistake again.Great food and interesting menu. Byob is a bonus. Need more places like this in Northeast PhillyI mean the duck fries are bangin...
And I had the best mac and cheese I've ever had here- pulled pork and carm onions mac and cheese (10 out of 10)I have only had one opportunity to visit The Blue Duck however it was most certainly a very positive experience. The food was delicious especially the pork roll burger and the wings. I can't complain about any of the food that we had or the service. 
I did give 4 stars only because the seating is very tight and the atmosphere seems like more of a cafeteria style atmosphere vs a restaurant or even cafe style atmosphere. We struggled with somewhere to sit and when we did get a seat it was definitely not in a very comfortable or convenient location. The high top seats are more like stools and do not have backs and that is something I didn't like at all. I felt like I couldn't sit back and relax over our meal. Other than the seating atmosphere everything else was great and I do plan to visit again in the near future but just hope to have the opportunity for better seating arrangements.I love there general tso wings and the duck fries. Which are  fries with shredded duck on them that comes with an amazing dipping  sauce.
The fries are 13 and it's plenty two people can share them and the wings are 9 dollars and you get 6. It's a very nice place deco is cute. They also have brunch. They have a couple tables on the inside 2 tops 4 tops and a large party table as well.My initial experience with blue duck was terrible. I've grown to love it since then. 
My first visit was a few weeks after they opened ... I went during their rush hour and I felt ignored and not important. We waited in a crowded entrance for 20 minutes, 5 of those minutes not having one person acknowledge us. I was very close to leaving and never returning ... I endured and decided to give it a try. Boy was that a great choice.  Their food is different. In the Northeast this is a wonderful change of pace.  We have gone over 10 times since that visit. Both take out and dining in.  The staff is super friendly and helpful. Duck fries are best to eat while dining in.  The wings are great for taking out or eating in.  Brunch is a must go if you can get a spot to sit.  
The remedy and chicken and waffles are my favorite. 
Don't shy away because of how busy they are. There is a reason they are busy.  Try everything on their menu, you will not be disappointed.  Try and come at odd hours to truly enjoy their menu. 
Ps- I tried their seafood special a couple times and did not care much for it.The menu was original but the execution was ok. The food wasn't as hot as I would have liked.  I ordered the blue duck sandwich. The duck was a little dry and the sauce was a little salty for me. The ambiance was really nice and the service was good.Delicious. 
Everything I had was kickass! Went on a Tuesday night with the boyfriend and walked into this pleasantly, modern farmhouse decorated joint. The lighting was very intimate and I could watch the chefs prepare everyone's dishes as I sat at my table. 
We started off with the blue duck fries. ($6) Soooo good. I never even realized that duck meat could be shredded and cooked so tender like that. The cheese sauce was a touch smokey and the fries had the right amount of salt and pepper, the green onion was the perfect touch of freshness; ughh so good. I had the taco of the night. ($19) It consisted of fried soft shell crab dredged with cornmeal & served on a flour tortilla with red cabbage, pickled asparagus and a touch of chopped tomatoes and onion. Delicious! My boyfriend had the pork roll burger. ($10) The meat blend in the burger was good. It was lean but rather juicy as well. The fried egg made it. Every bite was gooey and perfect. 
I highly recommend this place. It's great for date night or just as a treat when you don't feel like cooking. I suggest you make reservations first, I went on a Tuesday night and it was pretty packed.GREAT SERVICE!!! Food was amazing arrived shortly after ordering, waitress was extremely polite and quickly came over to our table to tell us about there lunch specials. Highly recommend this restaurant. Will be returning again soon..The Duck Fries are a must! The Blue Moon Citrus wings and Quack and Cheese was phenomenal as well. It's also BYOB, so no over charged drinks is a plus! 
It was pretty noisy and hard to hear, but the food is great so it made up for it.I loved this place! It's hard to find good BYOBs in the Northeast but this is now my go-to. Service is great. Went in one night with reservations and still had a bit of a wait but a server brought out a complimentary order of the Classic Mac (which was awesome by the way). We all ordered the Blue Duck Fries which are a must. I had the Quack and Cheese, my sister had the Gnocchi, and my parents both had the Meatloaf which they said was amazing. This place is pretty small so if you don't like being in a loud, somewhat crowded environment, then this might not be the spot for you. Otherwise, I would advise anyone in the Northeast to try The Blue Duck out because it is so good!I've never seen a blue duck before so I went to the Northeast! That's a Billy Madison reference for you baby boomers. Any who, Blue Duck was nothing short of quack-tastic. From starters to entrees everything was on point. Here's what our group had to start:
*Duck Fries (house special)
*Fried Cauliflower
*House salad w/ duck. 
All the appetizers were great and I was especially satisfied with the duck fries. As for my entree I ordered the tacos (fresh crab, slaw, and some green aioli). Bad choice on my part. Wasn't what I was expecting, but it wasn't bad! Lastly, our wait staff was very friendly from start to finish. 
Highly recommended to anyone in the suburbs not looking to schlep into Center City.I have been here a few times and every time the food is delicious! The restaurant itself is on the smaller side, but it is always clean. Staff at The Blue Duck are always friendly; one time I ordered take-out from here and they had messed up my order...when I called to tell them the mistake they were very kind and accommodating to fix the mix-up. The food here is tasty and the flavors are unique. The duck fries are amazing: perfectly cooked fries with tasty cheese and topped with shredded duck...I know they are unhealthy, but can't stop myself from ordering them every time I order from The Blue Duck. I honestly could eat the duck fries as a meal on their own. Apart from the fries my favorites are the S.F.Y. sandwich, The Blue Duck sandwich, Quack&Cheese, and the General Tso wings. While the sandwiches and Quack&cheese are good, the wings are the absolute best! The General Tso sauce tastes amazing, the wings are perfectly cooked and they come with the most amazingly flavorful wasabi bleu cheese. The Blue Duck is a great place to eat in the Northeast!!!Much better! Today I went for lunch with my family, there was 5 of us. Beginning with the service to the food, everything was much better and quicker! We all got different sandwiches and everyone throughly enjoyed their meals. I am glad I gave Blue Duck another chance.Had to update my review to give Blue Duck more praise, which it deserves.
It's rare that a restaurant owner cares this much anymore, visibly works his butt off, and puts customer service first. Having 10 yrs of experience in the industry, I appreciate this level of effort and want to make sure to support the business. 
During our recent visit, I was pleasantly surprised and impressed to see that the two suggestions I had listed in my prior review had been paid attention to. Also, during both visits we observed proactive positive attitude of employees and well organized division of work. And, cannot of course forget to again mention the delicious food.
Lastly, without details, Chef Serviss knows that small gestures and making things right when needed create loyal customers.Visited on a Friday afternoon for lunch. The food was above average and we did enjoy the duck fries that get rave reviews BUT the music selection was loud & appalling. We're not prudes by any means but the hip hop music shouting the N word & P word were embarrassing as I noticed 2 sweet little old ladies glanced over at me to see if I had noticed the cursing music(?) as well. Other nearby diners were also older so this wasn't the type of lunch crowd to enjoy the same music of say the 30 y/o staffers. This alone would keep me from coming back. What a shame to lose customers over loud obnoxious music when it's such an easy fix. Hope BD reads their Yelp reviews because I'm not the only one complaining about loudness.My favorite place to go for brunch! The specials change so much that you can try something new every time you go! But always always always get the duck fries. I recommend this place to anyone that wants a new breakfast or brunch place. It never disappoints. They post all their creations on their Instagram page too!This is a nice gem in the northeast  they have a lot of creative dishes so it can be hit or miss. We tried to get a variety of dishes. My youngest got fried chicken  but kids are picky eaters and didn't like it so much but I tried it. It was interesting  had a mild honey taste to it and bit of spice. Oldest daughter tried buffalo wings said they were good but tasted like a pizza shop we go to but 2x the price. Wife had fried cauliflower  which she like but had some long hairs in it. She orderd a 12 oz  ribeye that she liked however since it was on special menu did not know it was 32 dollars. It wasn't that good. I had some potatoes cilantro  taco thing. It was decent I could not tell you everything on it. I didn't think it would be enough so I ordered a hamburger as well, burger was good. We order fries for the table salt and peppers fries that kids loved came with a cheese sauce that kids went crazy over. We also ordered the duck fries with a gouda  cheese and duck on it. I think it's a acquired  taste. A bit  to greasy  for me never having duck before. All in all we liked it charming place, nice music would try again.Omg great fried chicken and Mac and cheese. They have a lot of duck memorabilia but I get it. Just wasn't expecting that much lol. Great food. Great, knowledgeable, and accommodating servers. Will go again.Happened upon Blue Duck for lunch and found it delightful, with helpful staff. The salt and pepper fries were so tasty, as was the Beast. Maybe best not to being a vegetarian, but the one in our party appreciated the effort. Decor is simple and charming. Will def return!After reading a fairly mixed review for the Blue Duck in the Philadelphia Inquirer, my husband and I decided that we needed to form our own opinion. 
I so wanted it to be truly wonderful. Northeast Philadelphia has always been sorely lacking in anything that even remotely resembles a creative and eclectic menu and in truth, I honestly believe that's what the Blue Duck is or rather could be. 
Not wanting to take any chances, I made reservations through Yelp but as it turned out, we really didn't need to since it was pretty early and we were seated right away. Our server was bubbly and personable and immediately brought us a bucket with ice and stemless wine glasses for the wine we brought with us. Problem one, how in the world does one carry glasses to a table that are so spotted they boarder on dirty and not notice? The funny thing is, when I was telling my daughter about the incident, she commented that she had experienced the same issue. A little Jet Dry goes a long way for spotless glasses and silverware.
We ordered the Blue Duck fries and they truly do live up the reviews. What could be more delicious and decadent than duck fat and melted gouda? Then throw in some shredded duck and bacon. Worth the calories!
I ordered lobster with a gnocchi shaped pasta and a wonderful tarragon cream sauce. Lobster is a funny thing. Cook it 4 seconds too long and you end up with rubber. This chef knows his way around a lobster because it was cooked perfectly sweet and tender. The pasta was another matter however being somewhat gummy. I would have been happier with linguini or angel hair pasta. 
My husband ordered the amberjack with yellow rice and haricot vert. The rice and green beans were actually heavenly. Soft and flavorful with just enough texture for a great mouth feel. The fish, however, was extremely strong tasting and smelling. There were two nice sized portions but I could only take a small taste. My husband, whom I'm never seen refuse any kind of fish, ate about one quarter of one piece. Personal taste preferences I'm sure.
As we sat talking and drinking our wine, I looked around the room which had suddenly filled up to capacity starting at about 5:30. Some of the other dishes coming out of the kitchen definitely looked worth pursuing. The burgers were huge and looked juicy and the wings look great but my preference will always lean toward the kind of cuisine we haven't been able to get in this part of Philadelphia, a thoughtful and creative eclectic menu.Waited 45 minutes for over cooked burger. Their version of the beast burger is disappointing. They're staple are their duck fries. How can this establishment run out of shredded Duck? One of the cooks didn't wear a head or anything to cover his hair. Big boy was sweating. I was worried my food might have been extra salty from his dripping sweat. Overall, the food wasn't tasteful, food took too long. Service was slow.Had lunch here with some friends.  Food is fresh and mostly seasoned well.  The duck fries were great and I would recommend them with every meal. They had a gazpacho on special and I wasn't crazy about the seasoning, but it was still fresh tasting. 
I had a grilled Cesar salad and wasn't very impressed with both the way the greens were grilled and the dressing. However, my friends loved their food. 
The atmosphere is very cool and hip and the service was also very good.  
Perhaps I just didn't order what I really liked and will need to give this place another try.I recommend this place. Just got done eating there and ONG, great food! I'd recommend the Duck Fries (Shredded Duck Meat and Gouda Cheese) and the Pork Roll Burger (Ground Beef and Ground Pork Roll).I'm obsessed with this place. I stopped by for brunch recently and was not disappointed. Thankfully, we had made a reservation and didn't have to wait. The line was out the door!! The waitstaff was super friendly and offered a lot of good suggestions. Ultimately, we ordered a speciality omelette with pork belly (amazing), pancake corn dogs (genius and delicious) and the stocks pound cake French toast (OMG. SO GOOD). I felt like their menu had a lot of unique options and I can't wait to go back!! 
Also, the atmosphere of this place is really laid back. I felt like I was hanging out in my friends kitchen. The restaurant is in such an awesome location too and easily accessible.I've only been here three time and the third time will prob be my last. We waited for about 40 mins with reservations when there was a table open and rather than just pull a chair over to make it for 6 , it just remained open. When we finally were Sat, they gave us a bench to sit on which was wobble and uncomfortable. The food was mediocre at best.I feel so bad writing a negative review. I wanted to love this place and did up until the food started coming. Let me start by saying all the staff couldn't of been nicer. But that's were the good things ended.
There were three of us and we ordered two appetizers to share. One came right away, it was a nice soup. The other a mushroom risotto was nowhere to be found. After about twenty minutes the waitress asked about the risotto. When we said it never came she rushed off to the kitchen. It arrived about a minute later ice cold. As we were eating it with our plates in front of us the main courses arrived. the staff clumsily pushed all the risotto out of the way and put down our food.
All three main courses were pretty bad in their own special ways. The pirogi were supper grease and over salted. The fried chicken was actually a chicken cutlet without a bone, plus the side of mac and cheese was again ice cold and the duck confit was so salty the skin had to be removed just to eat it.
The desert which was a chocolate cake, turned out to be a single disk of some cake with a bit of cream of some sorts dropped on the side of it. Not what we saw coming out of the kitchen just a few minutes earlier to other tables. Don't even know what to make of that one.
The place seems very popular and I'm sure our horrible experience and review wont change that. I just wish I had better and that was my go to spot every time I came to Philly.This was my first time eating here.  My wife and I went with another couple who have been here numerous times.  We ordered a variety of starters to share with the table.  We ordered the general tsaos wings, brown butter and bacon Brussels sprouts, Mac and cheese, duck fat fries, and gnocchi. Everything was delicious except they brought us out the wrong Brussels sprouts and the gnocchi was cold and very small for the price.  They did bring us out the Brussels sprouts but charged us for both. We all got our dinners but my brother in laws was cold. His platter didn't come out until after everyone was done eating. The server or kitchen staff didn't seem like they really cared.  We really liked our meals and are looking forward to coming back but wasn't impressed with how they handled their mistakes. Definitely going to go back and give it another try though. The fries were to die for!The food was outstanding!! We loved the blue duck fries, general tsos wings, pork roll burger, and quack and cheese!!! And so many more items on the menus looked so good I can't wait to go back and try. Only losing on star for the lighting and acoustics. Too loud and too bright but not so much so that I wouldn't go back. What a gem - can't wait for my next trip :)As the other reviews state, make reservations.  It has a great camaraderie to it as you always see old friends from the area.  The food is good, it is really good.  I liked the fried cauliflower, house burgers.  Definitely a center city feel with their new out front tables and chairs and menus  Good chefs!  Go guys!Items are a little pricey but food is well prepared. Servers could also have a more professional appearance.  If they are going to charge customers fine dining prices, then the employes should present more of a fine dining ambiance.What a great surprise!  The Blue Duck was so good!  Not what you would expect from a strip mall restaurant in the NE.  The food was very good and the server attentive.  We shared the duck fries, which were wonderful! We got the scallops and the burger, which had a gluten free bun!  The food was delicious.  Our only request would be a gluten free dessert!Ordered pick up from here after recommendations from friends. Even though I took it to the neighborhood pool and ate it, everything was still wonderful! Will have to come back and actually eat in the restaurant. We had the grilled chicken pimento wrap and the pork roll burger and both were excellent.Went with a few friends and we shared our meals. We have 3 appetizers. The best one was the duck fries but all were great!  I also had the turkey burger! Best turkey burger I have ever had! Can't beat the byob!!!The Blue Duck is a nice place to stop for brunch or lunch if you find yourself in the vicinity.  It has a reputation for offering "Center City" atmosphere, with "Northeast Philly" earthiness.  I guess that means you don't always have to run downtown to find a cool place to eat, or conversely, that Northeast Philly now has its own duck fat fries outlet.  Can I hear a, "Hallelujah!"?
We stopped in for a late lunch after an appointment with Homeland Security on Drummond Road nearby.  That is never a sparkling experience, and we all wanted something to wash away the bureaucratic dust that comes with dealing with the Feds. We ordered three of their signature burgers, and the Salt & Pepper Fries for the table.  Water all around. We waited about 20 minutes for our meals to arrive, all the while smelling the grilling beef in the open kitchen.  This was a very hot day, and the HVAC was struggling to maintain the right comfort level.  Even with the front door closed, the humidity in the house was noticeable.  
The House Grind Burger, Pork Roll Burger and Beast of Northeast Burger arrived in the arms of our erstwhile server.  All looked great with Brioche-style rolls, and the individual toppings.  My Beast was a mix of Wild Boar and Beef, Smoked Gouda, Sweet Tomato Jam, Bacon and Crisp Sriracha Shoestring Onions.  Beautiful to behold.  First bite should have been awesome, but aside from the interesting flavor of the fixings, the "Medium" finish requested was in fact, "Well Done."  With the juice gone, I could not taste the difference in the meats, and found the burger less than hoped. The same was true for the House Grind, although for some reason the Pork Roll Burger came out "Medium Rare,"  and amply juiced.  The S & P Fries were good; hot, but not crisp. 
It is always awkward to low rank a popular restaurant, but it was what it was.  Someone needs to pay more attention at the grill, as it is likely to have happened before.  
Good luck with your new Center City enterprise.We went here for brunch on Sunday. I was so happy this opened in the NE. I found the portions were small. I wasn't full at all and I'm a tiny person. The duck Benedict was just ok, chewy duck meat. French toast was ok, nothing special. Overall I gave it 3 stars. I definitely want to come back to try their dinner menu, will add more stars if it's better than their brunch.Came here not realizing that they only serve a Sunday Brunch Menu and although it comes with all kinds of choices from Chicken and Waffles to wings to their signature Pork roll Burger complete with Sunny Side Egg, after looking at their regular menu, I believe that I would have preferred coming on a non-Sunday.
After a short wait because I did not have a reservation, and seeing multiple possible customers leave instead of waiting, my son and I were seated.  The place was full of customers, noisy, and the kitchen was busy.
The chef was able to accommodate my son's request for a plain burger with ketchup.  He was charged full-price for their house burger from the regular weekday menu. I had the pork roll burger.  We also ordered the duck fat fries.
After what I thought was an unusually long wait, my son's burger came out with the fries.  They are covered in cheese, but not that fake whiz that some places use.  This was very good.  I wish that the cheese came on the side so I can control how much is put on which was too much on this one for me.  Also, there was not enough duck meat in the rather large platter of fries.  After about 4-5 forks of fries with duck, the duck was gone leaving over 3/4 of the dish with no duck left.  My son enjoyed his decent sized plain burger with his ketchup and finished it.  Then another considerably long wait occurred before I ended up getting my pork roll burger.  I had believed that they forgot about my order until the waitress came and said it was coming up.
My burger also huge was quite tasty and sloppy with the runny egg coming down the sides after I squished it with the potato roll.  I saw other people's orders including the chicken and waffles which looked and smelled really good, and the wings which had much different sauce flavors to try on the menu that you usually don't see.  The table next to us went through those very quickly.  Also saw the egg roll appetizer which looked homemade.
Overall, I have to try Blue Duck again on a weekday or Saturday to get a better feel of what this restaurant is all about.  The menu choices were more interesting.  Nothing super special today but my son and I did like what we had.
$31 not including tax/tip for 2.We went for a Sunday brunch and its music was very loud. We went around noon to catch up with friends and we couldn't talk!
Food was Ok (maybe 4 stars), but I was very uncomfortable and it was not worth it. I hope to give it a second chance, but on this first visit, the DJ or Manager, ruined our brunch plan.I rarely write reviews but unfortunately I was pretty disappointed with the service here on thursday night.  I had been there twice before, once for brunch, once for lunch, and this time was for dinner.  We were not greeted when we walked in and we waited a good 5 mins to be acknowledged.  We were then asked if we had a reservation (who knew they even took reservations at a little place like this?).  Since we didn't, we were not offered the two tables that were clearly empty but instead ushered to the very last two seats at the counter.  Our waitress was pleasant and informed us of the specials which both my mother and I chose.  I had the chorizo tacos and she the mahi.  We switched halfway through our meal so that the other could taste.  The tacos were over done and quite frankly just tasted like regular hamburger meat.  There were a few very hard pieces of what might have been mango on top.  The mahi was quite underdone and the rice mess that was so elegantly described as being mango and jalapeño tasted like something you squeezed out of a bag.  The asparagus was unseasoned and shriveled.  I think they get too much credit for being interesting in the northeast.  Oh and the Mahi was $26. Really? for a sandwich joint and for that horrid dish, it should have been no more than $16.  If you go here, stick to burgers/fries/mac & cheese and brunch.  DO NOT order their entrees.This place rocks ! The most important part is , it's in my back yard . The food is amazing and the atmosphere is great . Also you should probably call before you go cause seating is limited and there pretty well known ! Ps the pork roll burger is slamin , the wings rock, and the filet is to die for!The blue duck is a hidden gem in northeast philly! My good friend is a local there and we have been wanting to give it a try. A reservation is a must when visiting for brunch. My favorite part is how tasty it is for the price. Each person only paid around $20 bucks total! I hear it's BYOB which is awesome for brunch lovers. 
  First off, we had great service as they had already had a table prepared for our party of six. Throughout our time there, our waiter was extra attentive and never left our glasses empty! Our group shared the duck fries and the tots! Both were a great size for our party of six. We were so full before the actual entrees were even out. We also got the pound cake chicken and waffles, pancakes and the Frankewaffle. I am not much of a breakfast person,but this place definitely deserves 5 stars!Finally! A BYOB restaurant in Northeast Philly with both the food and the atmosphere worthy enough that it could be in one of the cities culinary epicenters. Dont let the unassuming strip mall it resides in fool you!
A friend and I went a few hours into the grand opening for lunch. The place was already packed. We were greeted and ushered off right away to one of the last open tables by partial owner Joe Callahan. 
The decor is fantastic. Its comfortable, modern, warm and a bit rustic. This isnt a place that will hang its hat on decor alone though. No, no..the food here packs a wallop. With each category on the menu including at least one duck infused offering, I felt obliged to order a basket of the Duck Fries. Absolutely phenomenal. I mean, literally one of, if not the best french fry dish ive ever had. The shredded duck and gouda marry together so well here. I also ordered the Fried Chicken Sandwich. It was crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside. In other words, perfectly cooked. Head chef Kris Serviss is going to do big things! 
Our waiter Ernie did a great job and the owner Joe came by at least twice to check on us. For being just 2 hours into their grand opening, things were moving smoothly..surely a sign of good things to come. I cant wait to go back and try out the dinner and brunch menus!Been here a few times with my wife and was unimpressed. There is no option for no stars. The last time I was there the fries were soggy and my burger was seriously so over cooked that it was hard to swallow. It's not hard to cook a burger. Seriously guys get it together. We had to hunt down the waitress to refill our water and ask if we needed anything. And also very dirty from the bathrooms to the food all over the floors. Pretty sure I seen a roach crawl across the table next to us. This is a restaurant and should be kept clean. Also not hard to wipe up and sweep. Don't think I will be returning and hopefully that bug didn't end up on someone's plate.My fiancé and I went here on a blustery Thursday night for supper.  I immediately felt welcome due to the warm lighting and decor.  I started off with a bowl of buffalo chicken soup which was a blackboard special.  I love anything buffalo chicken so I was a fan, but I think it was just the hype.  We split an order of salt and pepper fries with a side of cheese.  Nothing special to write about.  For our entrees we ordered a pork roll burger and fried chicken sandwich.  The pork roll burger was alright, but the fried chicken sandwich with a side of Sriracha mayo stole the show.  I debated getting a fried chicken platter, but I wasn't in the mood tear it apart.  I'm glad I did because it was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had.  We'll definitely be back on a regular basis.  The service was phenomenal, but call ahead and make reservations.  It's a byob so plan ahead!The Blue Duck is hands down my favorite restaurant.   So blessed to have this gem in the Northeast and it's only a good 15 minute drive from my house. 
I have had pretty much a lil of everything on the menu. First meal I have ordered from here is their pork roll burger and blue duck fries. (My friend and I were super lucky because the fries were half off! Of course, we ordered two plates because America.) Where do I even start? The pork roll burger was just everything you wanted and more. The moment you bite into that burger and break the yolk is just glorious. The duck fries were tossed in duck fat and seasoned really well. Fries were topped off with melted Gouda goodness, shredded duck, and chives. I've never had Gouda in my life and I'm glad I got to share this beautiful moment with The Blue Duck. 
I've only been to brunch here about two times and both times were amazing. First time I came for brunch I had the chicken and waffles. I read the menu and saw that chicken breast was soaked in buttermilk Sriracha. Basically, that is what sold me and it was a great choice. Second time I came around I ordered a special which was short-rib tater tots. Let me tell you, I am a potato fiend and these were the best damn tots I ever did have. Perfect crisp. Oh, and did I mention these tots were drizzled with Gouda? A+
Best way to know the specials is to follow their Instagram and if you're coming on a weekend definitely make a reservation to be on the safe side. 
I could go on and on about more The Blue Duck but it's way better if you experience it yourself. I have told everyone and anyone I knew about this place and I usually get a text or snap saying how amazing it is. So, definitely do not miss out if you have an opportunity to eat here! :)Love the food here. Haven't tasted a better duck in a while. The portions are more than favorable in a good spot to take the whole family if you want to eat. Definitely be here next time wonderful job guys thanks.What a revelation to finally have excellent, creative, 21st century interpretations of fun and familiar dishes, in a comfortably casual setting, almost hidden in a small strip shopping mall on Holme Ave, just South of the Boulevard, in Northeast Philadelphia.  
The sign says "Blue Duck" in large letters; plenty of free parking in the strip center; and a bit more space inside than you'd anticipate from the small front; but, still, only seating for 40 or so.  There's a bench outside and by 6:30pm it's got occupants waiting for a coveted seat so, take heed, and make a reservation.  The popularity of this place is only going to grow as word gets out even further -- this is a long awaited oasis in a culinary wasteland. (Except for a few great, authentic Russian, Portugese and other international cuisines.)  
Only 8 tables (one long one for larger groups of 10 or as communal table if no group reserves it, and several 4 and 6-seaters), plus maybe 10 or so seats at a counter facing the busy open kitchen. (Tables are well-spaced, but there's enough open space to fit another small table or two without crowding.)  Pleasant servers all around, anyone will help out any request from any guest and the general manager will stop by to see if you are happy.  I suggested they upgrade their soft drink offerings to be as creative as their food; GM agreed. For now, coke and diet coke in cute sized glass bottles. And BYO.  I LOVE the hours -- brunch daily, essentially, serving Tue-Sun 10am-4pm.  Then, without break, (just a menu shift), Dinner begins at 4 'til 10pm T-Sat. (Closed Sun night and all day Monday.)  Perhaps your best spontaneous shot at a table may be to go at an odd meal time like 11am, 2:30p, or 4pm?  We finagled a seat without a reservation from a hesitant hostess, but assured, if the kitchen kept up, we'd be out in an hour and, gee, we'd come so far and there were NO other options for our ruined center-city sensibilities.  (Stopped by after an event at Fox Chase Farm, a few miles west.)
Quiet enough for conversation when we arrived at 5:30pm to a less than half full restaurant, but an hour later we could not hear each other, nor could the waiter hear us, as the full, loud din of the hard surfaces and chatting diners took over.  When the sun went down, the natural dimming was suddenly rendered too dark by an abrupt lowering of the lights, as well.  The giant tv, hung toward the back, behind those dining at the counter, so not sure who is best positioned to see this unnecessary visual clutter.  (But useful if an important game is on and you must watch it while eating something really delicious.)
Menu offers a namesake Duck Sandwich and gourmet burgers, gourmet mac n cheese (with smoked bacon or duck, and panko in large soup-bowl serving; various spicy wings, tacos, fries or croquettes; but also more serious offerings like a changing fish dish, (they were out of fresh pasta bolognese), and there may be a risotto and fiddlehead ferns.  There's a specials menu, and one of my dining companions ordered the filet which came perfectly pink, slathered in a sauce that seemed a little odd to her (and her foodie son, who sampled a bite) but she finished it all, leaving half the hearty grits, and enjoyed her multicolored uncut, stem and all, carrots that added a fun rustic-ness to the plate.  I was intent to try the enticing sounding Quack and Cheese, which came with small macaroni with creamy gouda sauce and crunch duck-fatted panko, with shreds and small chunks of duck and a good handful of dried cherries.  I really liked it, but traded it half way through for a fellow diner's classic mac n cheese with delectable chunks of smoked bacon.  We  couldn't decide which we liked better, both were great.  The servings were large enough to share, esp as appetizer or side, though you may not want to.  For balance I had the tuna tartar appetizer which I loved; subtly spicy and festooned with edible flowers and little stalks of lavender.  (This may change, but it gives an idea of creativity and great execution.)  Our third dining companion had the meatloaf, a thick slab, wrapped in bacon, with accompanying mashed potatoes.
The three of us shared two desserts -- the classic cheesecake, with a delectably chewy graham crust, which we loved and devoured.  The Guiness chocolate cake was a bit dry (so we paired with bites of the very moist cheesecake).  It would be great if they followed another 21st century dining accommodation and provided more wheat-free options, including a dessert. Drop the Guiness cake and replace with flourless chocolate.
Wish they'd update their website menu, daily if needed, so you know the true current menu -- but they say they keep their other social media updated so I'll check twitter and Facebook.
Absolutely worth a weekly visit; but, alas, I'm stuck living in center city and it's not practical.  Despite being surrounded by hundreds of great restaurants, Blue Duck beckons for a return.The Blue Duck was absolutely delicious. A hidden Tre that I would definitely go back to. I also love that it is a BYOB. I love the northeast location. You get good cuisine without having to be burdened by the center city traffic.This new restaurant is really just what NE Philly needs. Fresh, amazing menu in a very casual and relaxed environment. The staff is very friendly and accommodating. The Sunday brunch menu is phenomenal. It can get a little crowded, but that's a sign of how good the food is. Highly recommended.My wife and I went to The Blue Duck for the first time. We stopped by Sunday morning for brunch and were very impressed. The décor is very simple and inviting and the entire stuff was very friendly. The chef really pushes the envelope with the brunch dishes and is very creative. My wife had the Chicken & Waffles and I had the Franken Waffle special. Our food was so good and the chef put just as much effort into the presentation of the food as she/he did with the taste of the food. I was a fan and can not wait to come back and try the dinner menu.Food was mediocre and my burger (he asked how I wanted it and I said medium rare), came back definitely well-done. I was surprised after seeing all the good reviews, and we drove 30 mins to eat there.) The waiter never came back to check on us after he brought the food so I never got a chance to tell him about the burger.