Great option for a healthier take out meal.  I had spinach ravioli with meatballs.  The sauce was awesome.  The service was great.  The atmosphere was just right.  The price; however, was a bit high.   All said, i'd go back.  The Flat bread pizza looked yummy.Amazing salad "heaven on earth".  This is as goodbetter than a chopt or sweetgreen salad.  Cute and local.  Outdoor seating on beautiful section of south street.  Great for lunch or low key early dinner.The sauces will keep you coming back for more.
The flatbreads are creative and filling.
The menu is classic with a flair, and the build-your-own offers up something for everyone.
The atmosphere is fun, it's open late, charming customer service, and clean.
Delivery? What? Even better.
This is a neighborhood spot you need to try.Great food! Very friendly staff. 
I am so glad Quick Fixx opened, because I work around the corner and this place is perfect for lunch or grabbing dinner to go on the way home (the area needed something like this). They have pastas, flatbreads, and salads. Everything is fresh and you can even create your own item with any ingredients. I got the gnocchi with spicy tomato sauce and sauteed mushrooms. It was delicious. The side salad I got was arugula with shaved parm cheese. It was great and I really liked the lemon olive oil dressing that is their house dressing (they also have several other good choices). Word of advice: some items may have parsley in the sauce, so if you don't like it have them keep it out. For a pasta dish and side salad I spent $10. Not terribly expensive for lunch, but you can also get a flatbread for $6, so it isn't bad. Very good deal for dinner. 
The interior is a cute design too, with little herb pots all around. 
I will be back soon - next time I will have to try one of their combinations.I got a pizza and my roommate got pasta and we were both very impressed. It was amazingly good! Only downside? It took a while to get our food. Especially considering it wasn't busy and the fact that they are called "Quick Fixx". Either rename your restaurant or make the food faster next time hahaI've been twice this week.... they have a $10 lunch menu (includes drink and tax - it's Cash Only on this deal though, FYI) which is a great deal.  Had the grilled chicken ceasar salad the first time and a flatbread with old bay fries (YUM!) today.  Everything is made to order, and I love that they encourage you to build your own, they don't stifle my creativity (read: pickiness).  
The service is GREAT, the people are super friendly.  And free wifi to boot.  I'll be back!  
PS.  They deliver.  They said their area is 11th to the Schuykill, Walnut to Washington  - but to call because they will try to accommodate more locations if they can.Quick Fixx has been a consistently awesome go-to place for eats in my neighborhood for me even before I moved into the neighborhood. The day I rented my first place in Philly, I stopped in Quick Fixx because I needed just that: quick food, and healthy-ish, if at all possible. With their expansive salad menu prominently displayed on the wall, I quickly made the decision to slowly inhale something before the apartment open house. 
I ordered the goat cheese salad, which was delicious and delivered to me in around 10 minutes. Win! [And then I successfully rented my current apartment. Win again!] I remember especially loving the strawberries within the salad, currently replaced by (probably) more season-friendly apple slices, which are also quite nice. This salad has a nice balance of fruit, veggies and a little carbs with tortellini thrown in for good measure. This is the kinda combo that I know makes me feel full for a long time without the sluggishness of consuming a heavy meal, so it's kinda become my perfect option for lunch. 
Having just lovingly described my usual order, yesterday, I stopped into Quick Fixx and tried something outside of my usual, which was the arugula salad and the pierogis: yum! This is a more simple salad consisting of arugula, parm cheese, and dressing, but the dressing used for the arugula is kinda special: it's savory and lemon-y and just lovely. As an unofficial pierogi expert (qualifications: Central PA native, kinda Polish), these were great! They were fried in a way that felt lighter than I've tried elsewhere and had a nice amount of filling. The filling itself was pretty standard, but good. I'd be interested in trying the jalapeño pierogis someday. 
I am thankful to have this wonderful little spot on the edge of Rittenhouse that offers year-round freshness!Free wifi and a pretty good lunch for under $15 in Rittenhouse. i really cant complain about anything other that the fact that they dont give you bread with your salad,, Really ?!? other than that service was fine and my salad was pretty darn tasty.My husband and I have already eaten here twice...both times were such a treat! We sampled a few of their flatbreads: the Fixx, the Prosciutto and the Lancaster, PA. We highly recommend the Mushroom & Speck bruschetta and the all-star dish of the night, the Gnocchi Lasagna. My husband loved the Fixx so much on our first visit, he ordered it again. 
The ingredients are definitely fresh and the presentation is amazing for the affordable price point. I am glad to see so many positive reviews for The QUICK FIXX, because we hope this place sticks around. Looking forward to going back again!I have nothing positive things to say.
First and foremost, they use Bounty Paper Towels Select a Size as their napkins. Huge fan of that Huge fan. #pgemp
Alert -- Your food is not going to immediately come out of the kitchen. But that's why this is the quick fixx... not fazoils or mcdonalds. They clearly are making your items to order and not just making a ton of it and reheating it. It's still pretty quick considering.
I have had a few things on their menu and they are all excellent. It is a perfect place when you have a few minutes before your next activity and need a quick dinner. And furthermore... it's quick skip and jump away from my place.
The service and the people working there are very nice. And they keep the place immaculately clean. Can't say the same thing about the other places in the South Street area.
Overall... When I am in need of a QUICK meal... I'll be back... They do deliver, but I feel that is SO lazy when I am so close to walk.
This review was brought to you by the word, "QUICK"This place is excellent!  At work, we often order our lunch from near-by restaurants and have it delivered.  Being in the heart of busy Rittenhouse, the food is usually overpriced and takes forever to arrive.  A coworker stumbled upon The Quick Fixx lunch specials menu one day online.  I have ordered from here 3 times (always the same exact meal) and every time have been extremely satisfied by the food, the quick deliver, the kindness of the employees and the unbeatable price tag.  Today we ordered and the gentleman delivering returned all the way back to us with the plasticware he had forgotten to throw in the bag.  I always get the Arugula Salad and the Sunchoke flatbread.  I think together with a soda it totals $10.  It usually take me two sitting to eat the whole meal- but the point is it is delicious and fresh and comes highly recommended by me.  I should branch out and try more here.  I think I will and soon!Let's start with the pros: Excellent customer service, great delivery (like we had our meal in 20mins max and it was warm), delivery guy was super polite and nice, the food was pretty good for the most part. The sauces were amazing......no no..more like epic.
Cons: Wickedly.....wickedly.... over-priced for the portions. Like we will be eating a second meal for sure. My partner joked "that was a really good appetizer" and we both laughed. The meatballs were not that great and charging $3 for two meatballs I kinda expected them to taste home made. They kinda tasted spongy and almost like they had a lot of fillers, maybe we got a bad batch?  I don't know. They were not terrible, but I've definitely had way better. 
Verdict: I'm not sure we'd hit this place up again due to price point. Maybe if we both had some extra money to spend and were not super hungry. This might be the perfect place for a "snack" or that random day where you need something quick to hold you over for a few hours.This place has become my recent addiction! I want to branch out and try new things here, but I always keep going back for the Hail Caesar wrap with sweet potato fries. The ingredients are fresh and it is great quality. I know it is the most basic of wraps, but they just do it perfect! The portions are good too and I definitely want to go for the $10 lunch specials. It is one of their pre-selected entrees, side and a drink for $10, but it is CASH ONLY for the special so make sure you have it! Problem is I will end up being back every week!SPOCK: Check the circuit. 
TYLER: All operating, sir. 
SPOCK: It can't be the screen then. Definitely something out there, Captain, headed this way. 
TYLER: It could be these meteorites. 
ONE: No, it's something else. There's still something out there. 
TYLER: It's coming at the speed of light, collision course. The meteorite beam has not deflected it, Captain.
ONE: Evasive manoeuvres, sir?
PIKE: Steady as we go.
GARISON: It's a radio wave, sir. We're passing through an old-style distress signal.
PIKE: They were keyed to cause interference and attract attention this way.
GARISON: A ship in trouble making a forced landing, sir. That's it. No other message.
TYLER: I have a fix. It comes from the Talos star group.
ONE: We've no ships or Earth colonies that far out.
SPOCK: Their call letters check with a survey expedition. SS Columbia. It disappeared in that region approximately eighteen years ago.
TYLER: It would take that long for a radio beam to travel from there to here.
SPOCK: Records show the Talos group has never been explored. Solar system similar to Earth, eleven planets. Number four seems to be Class M, oxygen atmosphere.
ONE: Then they could still be alive, even after eighteen years.
PIKE: If they survived the crash.
SPOCK: We aren't going to go, to be certain?
PIKE: Not without any indication of survivors, no. Continue to the Vega Colony and take care of our own sick and injured first. You have the helm. Maintain present course.
ONE: Yes, sir.Love the food and the people are always nice. Good, casual place to bring beer or wine and enjoy good eats at very reasonable prices. Plus, you can't beat the lunch deal where you can get a flatbread, side salad, and a drink for ten bucks (cash only for the special). Speaking of specials, Bob & Barbs is directly next door. Winner winner.Good food, great service.  Enjoyed my greek salad and saw a few other dishes come out that looked delicious too.  Didn't realize it was primarily a take-out/delivery place because they were so friendly and attentive to the customers IN the restaurant.  A lot of options on the menu and the food comes out quick!I really enjoyed this place because it was, as the name states, QUICK. Went in there for a quick breakfast for the Eagles game. It was not crowded at all and the cashier was very attentive. It's self serve coffee and tea but you won't mind after you taste their amazing omelettes! For $7 and you can make your own omelette with 3 different ingredients plus hash browns on the side. Quite the Steal! I also love the sunny atmosphere in here and the seating arrangements. I'm definaely coming back here again.The Quick Fixx is a nice, quick fix. 
I've ordered in once and eaten there once.
The food is not amazing, but it's good. I don't think I'm ordering the fan favorites. Just salads. Which, to be frank, are lackluster. The ingredients don't seem as fresh as they could.  
The bites of my husbands chicken Parmesan were really tasty though. 
The service at the restaurant was great! Everyone was friendly and accommodating!
In a pinch it's a good choice, just opt for a more comforting dish and not a salad.I've tried giving this spot a chance a few times because its so close to my work. It's mediocre at best, the pasta dishes I've tried have been too salty to finish and the salads are overpriced for what is served.During lunchtime, the "Smokey Roman," the Quick Fixx version of carbonara is just $10 with a beverage. The plate of fettucini pasta in an egg yolk and cheese sauce is topped with crispy bacon pieces and lemon zest to brighten it up. A fluffy piece of bread comes on the side. I really enjoyed the pasta, it needed no extra seasoning and wasn't too heavy.
The staff was really friendly; I was served quickly and offered fresh Parmesan. It was extremely pleasant to eat in one of their outdoor table and people watch. The Quick Fixx also provides upkeep for the "parklet" out front, which is open to the public. This place is perfectly suited for its spot on South Street.Great location right on south and central to downtown. Came here with my friend for a quick bite to eat. We each ordered a flatbread pizza. They are huge!! And perfect for sharing. They also have really nice outdoor seating which we did. It was a perfect night to sit outside. 
The pizzas were delicious. They were filling and so flavorful. Its so nice to see that with just a few key ingredients you can make such fantastic food that is both satisfying and not fattening. Will def. be back!Awesome food! I got the farmer's wife salad with grilled chicken, and they definitely did not skimp on the chicken. The server/cashier was friendly, and he told us that after 10pm you get $2 off any signature dish. Yummy food for a discounted price? I'm sold!Tried it last night based on the Yelp reviews. Didn't know about the restaurant before that even though it was just a few blocks away. I really the concept - 'take out' restaurant, so no table service or tipping, with gourmet restaurant quality food. We had the artichoke, pasta roman and the 'Fun Guy' (get it?) mushroom flat bread. It was all very good. I would have just liked my pasta with a little more sauce. The artichoke and flat bread was really good. For the quality of food, I thought that the price was reasonable.Perfect little restaurant. Cozy at home atmosphere, friendly staff. I had the seafood scampi, delish.Sometimes too quick? I went here twice and the first time it was great. The flatbread & the toppings were perfect. The second time not so good. The sauce on the flatbread was still cold; a few more minutes in the oven would have definitely helped.  
It is what it is. It's open late, it's generally quick and food is not bad. I would definitely go here again, but will ask them to take a few extra minutes.Love these guys and the new menu items are great. Customer service is stellar and ingredients are high quality with many healthy options. Reasonably priced and fast delivery.I was excited when this place opened just around the corner from my place.  The place looks trendy and appears to have a pretty decent variety of items on its menu.  However, I ordered  chicken tenders for take out and they were a big disappointment.  They were mostly the breading and barely any chicken.  They also seemed over cooked and greasy.  I may try this place again to see if something else is better on the menu, but my first try was very unimpressive.Stopped in here during a street festival to get something to eat with a friend. The set up in here is cool, order at the counter and then you can go sit down. The restaurant is cozy and spacious. The menu had a good variety of items and pretty much all of the options appealed to me. The menu is pasta, flatbreads, salads etc. I ordered the mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was just okay. The pasta was good, but the cheese it was in could have been creamier, it was almost watery.  Not sure if I just had a bad experience because the reviews are great, but it didn't live up to the hype for me. I also did not appreciate the political signs up at the register. If I lived nearby, I would have probably given this place another chance because it was really reasonably priced and they had a lot of menu items for a fast casual place.Super fast delivery.  Friendly via phone and at the door.  Great price, good fresh food(prepared perfectly) and perfect portions.  Thanks a bunch for a great gluten- free dinner.What happens when you combine great ingredients, gourmet cooking, convenience*, and super service? You get Quick Fixx, and I ALWAYS need my fixx. They had me at hello and this love affair may never end.
Things to get: THE CHICKEN CUTLET. Some of the best I've ever had, and coming from a family where schnitzel is a staple, that says a lot (Google that if you don't know, if you do know, then you also know that if my grandmother saw this, she'd be pissed). 
What do you get the chicken cutlet with? The Greek Orzo Salad. You also add it to any custom pasta you create.
Custom pasta. Yes. That's right! You can make your own dish, whether it's pasta or salad. AMAZING. I go for that pretty often, and find myself stuck on a combo of penne/rigatoni, chicken cutlet, creamy tomato sauce, broccoli, onions, mushrooms. SO SO GOOD. 
Big tip: you may want to split a pasta dish with the roomie, friend, or spouse... add a salad and you have the perfect meal. Don't heed my warning and you may feel a little stuffed.
Either way, I've got my fixx - go get yours!
*Convenience (as defined by Merriam-Webster's Dictionary): the ability to order delicious food via phone for pickup, in store, or online through the food service of your choosing (grubub, foodler, and many others).Even if the food weren't delicious (which it is), I would rave to anyone who would listen about the customer service at The Quick Fixx.  From the cashier taking the order to the ownery, this is what service is all about.  Everything is done with a smile and tonight, after leaving the establishment, I heard someone running down the street behind me...when I turned around, it was the owner.  I had left something behind, and he had chased after me for several blocks just to return it to me. O yeah, and the food was yummy, yummy, yummy!This is definitely one of the better fast casual spots in town!  They have great healthy (and not-so-healthy) flavorful options, so everyone will be happy here. 
Their flatbread pizzas are delicious!  Also, their salads are very fresh and tasty.  I keep wanting to try a pasta, but I can't ever decide against a pizza and salad.  
They offer a $10 lunch special, which is a pretty good deal.  You generally get a meal, side, and drink.  However, you have to pay cash.
The only thing is I wish they would get A/C...!  The last time we went in for lunch, it was super hot inside the restaurant, and it was too hot to eat outside.  This is a perfect spot on a spring, winter or fall afternoon for lunch, but summer lunch was a bit toasty.I really wanted to give this place 5 stars, but I just couldn't. I had the tortellini and it tasted like frozen, store bought stuff. However, the lasagna gnocchi that my boyfriend ordered was AMAZING. My roommate had tortellini as well, and while I think she liked it, she agreed that the gnocchi was the best of the 3 of our meals. We also ordered the cheese sticks, and they were good not great. 
All in all, this place is solid but not something I'd go running to, unless I want gnocchi.This restaurant couldn't be more aptly named. Quick Fixx is a dependable place to get good food in a jiffy. They have a simple yet well-rounded menu. I can get chicken tenders, AND a bowl of sautéed spinach (which makes for a totally balanced meal...). All the items I've ever ordered from here have been solid.  
The junk salad is particularly yummy, as are the aforementioned chicken tenders. 
It's a nice place to dine in as well, as it never gets too crowded. There is also a new-ish seating section outside, which is basically a cordoned off parking space on South Street - perfect for people watching!Stopped in the other day for lunch, they have a pretty good $10 lunch deal in which I got a drink and nice sized Caesar salad that was very good, extra $4 for chicken which I thought was a bit high but I'll always be fine with paying a little for good food and the salad was very good and very filling...dressing wasn't too cheesy, not sure if they forgot to put croutons on mine or if they just don't use them.  What I really want to talk about is the bruschetta side fish I got, because as I told the waitress it was probably the best bruschetta I've ever had.  Obviously freshly diced tomatoes, olive oil that was delicious, and a nice crispy breading for the tomatoes to sit on top of that held their crunch the whole time.  Very nice portion side, could even split it between too people if you aren't feeling greedy, but absolutely worth the tripMMMmm online delivery was fast and the food was delicious.  This place did not disappoint!  My BF ordered make your own pasta and even that was perfect and exactly what he wanted.  Will definitely order againA bit basic, no frills sort of place.  Staff friendly and many choices.  Food was great and I'm always happy when the gluten free meal I order is actually tasty.  They do a great gluten free pasta.  No wine so BYOB was encouraged.  The place was hopping when we ate there and I suspect everything on their menu is good because it was very very busy.  In spite of this the service did not suffer.Had to do it again. & we loove it!   Make your own pasta rocks. Ordered Crab Ravioli , Gnocchi Lasagna, & Papperdalle(spell?) tonight-  the pasta rocked mi acasa.  This is the go to joint. Period.  & very reasonable prices- excellent quality! Fast delivery!Really great food and a great location! Everything was very fresh and QUICK!!!! Will certainly be back for more!I don't understand why there's so much collective goodwill towards this place - 4+ star average review?   What the fuck?  Time for some real talk.
When I called to place my order, the guy at the other end of the line sounded less-than-thrilled.   Not in a "meh, I hate my job" kind of way... but in a profoundly sad "sigh... I have no reason to live" sort of way.   Whatever... as long as the food's good, who cares?   Right?
Well, the food was just as depressing as the person who took my order.  The artichoke was inedible.   The leaves tasted like the pointy end of a manila envelope, soaked in olive oil.  The artichoke heart was barely-there.  The mushroom "flatbread" looked exactly like something I would slap together at 3am after a hearty night of drinking...and the flatbread was named "Fun Guy"...puns have absolutely no place on a food menu.  
Yelp Philadelphia is usually spot-on with consensus ratings, but sadly not in this case...Love this place! We eat here at least 1 x a week and are never disappointed. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu, but the calamari are a really good way to start. Lunch specials are $10 and are the same size as ordering off the normal menu, just make sure you bring cash for the lunch specials. Also, place is BYOB and discounted menu after 10PM.
Eat here.Love this place!!! Good food, fast service!! Faster than you would expect!!  Calamari and fried green beans all day long!!!!!!!!!!!!Nothing "quick" about it. The food is actually good but the service is really bad. The cashier was working on something without even acknowledging our presence  and then we still had to wait a long time for the food.Yummy food but often highly priced. The panzarotti poppers are amazing! The lunch deal is a steal but their regular prices are a bit high for the quantity of food. The service is quick and friendly. I frequent here for lunch.Great place to grab a bite on South Street. They offer flatbreads, pasta, salads and apps. I like the spinach salad with shrimp or chicken and fresh veggies. Pasta offerings aren't bad but not great. The whole mozzarella sticks are some of the best around. My wife loves the panzarotti poppers. The calamari is ok but a little too greasy. They have vegetarian vegan options. The owner is a nice guy and the ingredients are always fresh.Wow this place is delicious! Fresh wraps, salads, pastas, etc. outdoor seating on south street. I ordered a junk salad with fried calamari and a colonial wrap. Both were great. Recommended :)Great selection of ingredients and options to make some really amazing custom meals. Don't be afraid to try the pre-designed stuff, either because everything here is good and really fresh. Matt, the owner is a really friendly guy who goes out of his way to make sure everything is perfect. The atmosphere, the food, the options and the service really set this place high on my list. Plus, they're open late!Ordered two flatbreads and a salad for delivery this evening and was very disappointed. The delivery driver must not have been too careful with things because both flatbreads were completely mangled when they arrived. They were also cold and very soggy. Wouldn't order take out from here again.I went here because some friends had suggested it for me for a light dinner. Quick Fixx is sort of like upgraded Italian fast food. The menu is small, which is always a good (I don't know why but I just don't like me use that have like a hundred things on them lol). The staff was very nice and quite helpful. The woman suggested the artichoke pesto pizza. I got my pizza to go since I wanted to just get home after a long day. 
When I got home however, I found out that the pizza was completely burnt. It basically tasted like charcoal and pesto. So I immediately called them up and told the woman who had taken my order what had happen. She was very apologetic and sent another pizza out for delivery, which was pretty fast I might add. I think the pizza arrived in 15 or 20 mins.
The new pizza was just ok. I did feel it was a bit bland, but the flat bread they put it on was good. I am only giving Quick Fixx 4 stars because of the service and not the food which is about a 3. Is this place worth the price? Meh, if it's late and nothing else is open.Having some time to kill between classes on Dance Day 2017, I stopped into the Quick Fixx based on location and rating.
The menu was immediately overwhelming with so many build your own options. I looked to their salad suggestions and ended up with the Heaven on Earth. It contained mixed greens, roasted beets, goat cheese, pistachio, apple and white balsamic vinegarette. 
Initially, I thought my check was really high for a salad and vitamin water. However, upon receiving my salad, my mind was changed. It was a really substantial size and it was plated very professionally. There was a perfect balance of fixings and they were undoubtably fresh. This is the type of salad you'd order as a dinner salad at a more formal, sit-down restaurant.
It's probably a little too pricy for the day to day, but I wouldn't hesitate to go back for a quality, quick salad.I absolutely love this place! The staff is very friendly, the location is very convenient to my place, and the prices are great! Get the New Mexico flatbread!!Ordered through the Eat 24 app at 5:50pm on a Sunday. We were eating by 6:05. Delivery guy was on a bike. Amazing. And the food was delicious.Incredible addition to the Graduate Hospital neighborhood.  Real food, real fast, great service.  What really sets QF apart from other take-out / delivery options is the use of fresh, quality ingredients.  You are eating real food, not something frozen or nuked in a microwave.  Each dish is fresh and bursting with flavor.  The flatbreads are delicious.  My favorite dish so far was the Seasonal Goat Cheese salad topped with white basalmic vinaigrette.  Incredible.  Pastas dishes do not dissapoint.  The Diavolo brings the heat without overwhelming.  And the Panzarotti poppers should be illegal they are so good.  Not in the mood for anything on the menu?  Make your own salad or pasta.  You literally cannot go wrong in this place.  Eat in or take out, the Quick Fixx is a great option for nights where you don't feel like cooking, but don't want to bust your wasteline or your wallet.The Gnocchi Lasagna is awesome! Like nothing I ever had before. I also loved that the owner came right up to me and offered to put parmesan cheese on it and then asked me what I thought about the food. You get a fresh made meal, much better than your typical pizza place for the same price. My new go to spot!Super quick and GREAT food!! Fresh ingredients, speedy service, chill atmosphere. Highly recommend the Spicy Junk!!Unfortunately, I think in my initial review I was quick to judge  - I have been back several times and I still really like their gnoccis with spicy tomato sauce, but I am no longer a huge fan and don't think I will be back. For lunch today, I ordered a salad and bruschetta dippers - per their online menu, this should have been $7 for a prosciutto salad and $3 for bruschetta dippers. My order came to $14 for lunch - apparently they changed their menu and didn't update their website - burn. So fine, it was ready, I paid and went back to work because I was starving. Opened up my order and it is measly. Salad looks blah and the bruschetta dippers are a small container of tomato and basil with the normal size piece of bread you get with the pasta (def not enough). Upset I spent so much for not much food. Also, we ordered a flat bread to go before and they put it on foil so it gets soggy. Also, the flat breads are tiny. That's all.Gnocchi Lasagna, Margarita Flatbread, Mozzarella Stixx are all awesome. 
Matt the owner stopped by our table to ask how everything was and for our feedback. He truly cares about his business & how to satisfy his customers.Quick Fixx is the bomb. I have had pretty much everything on the menu, and I have never been disappointed. Always fresh and tasty. The space is relaxing and casual, the staff is super friendly and warm. The $10 cash special (called the 10 Spot)  is perfect for lunch, and gives you an enormous amount of food. Dinnertime is lovely too, great place to grab a bite with a friend and catch up. 
Favorites include: arugula salad (careful, dressing is very sour so go easy), mozz sticks, all the flatbreads, pasta fresca.
Be aware its a very small place, could feel crowded with a large group.The space is great; the options sufficient; and the food very good.  The staff though, is a bit cranky...  We had chicken parm, the farmers wife salad, parmesean french fries and a margarita flat bread.  Would go back, but would know that we wouldn't necessarily feel welcome...The build your own pasta is awesome and delicious. The delivery is really quick and the service is super friendly (which is much appreciated as a Philadelphia non-native). Definitely recommend.Have lived in the area since it has opened. Food is basic and good but ordered some wraps for lunch and have been waiting for almost 20 minutes! People who work here do not seem concerned. How long does it take to make a chicken Caesar wrap? There is a group of 3 ahead of me who is also still waiting and ordered wraps. In theory would be a good place to pick up lunch but not executed very well In my opinion! I can see the woman in the back constantly on her phone despite everyone waiting. Quick fixx is not very quick! If you have a luxurious lunch hour then by all means come here but not if you work!I love the environment. It has a huge glass window front so all the sun can hit you. A lot of plants as well. The hostess/cashier was welcoming and patient. I appreciated her for allowing me to figure out what I wanted and making sure specials were mentioned. She also was accommodating about Making adjustments to my order. I got the lunch special spicy junk wrap w/ fries. It originally came with spicy bbq chicken, avocado, lettuce, tomato, red onions, shredded mozzarella, shredded cheddar, bacon and ranch dressing for It10 dollars. I think it was really really delicious. It was a little dry towards the front of the wrap and the bbq chicken wasn't really spicy but it was still very good and lightweight. The best part was the Joe tea. Although it was quite pricey it was worth every penny. I would definitely return to try more of their menu.This is my husband and I's (and George- our dog- yes, they give even give him fresh water) favorite place. Every time we go, we try something new on the menu and we have never been disappointed. We live for their calamari (w onions) and Parmesan fries- a staple! Their homemade mozzarella sticks are amazing!! My favorite is the junkyard salad- it is stacked with deliciousness! 
We just brought my dad there to show him "our spot" and he said he can't wait to go back too ( and he is the pickiest eater!) 
It's also Byob- there is not a single thing wrong with this place. Go there, highly highly recommend ...!!!Ordered take out for the first time today from this place.  I've definitely had better.  The arugala salad is literally arugala in a box with a TINY bit of parm cheese.  The dressing was ok, just not enough of it to help this super plain "salad."  Thankfully I also ordered bruchetta so I was able to chop that up and add it to my arugala to make something close to a salad.  Not sure what I was expecting for $12 but I certainly wasn't floored with this lunch.  I may give them the benefit of the doubt given the other reviews and try again ordering something different next time.I dont understand this place.... 1. its call the QUICK Fixx, but yet its not actually quick at all.  My boyfriend and I came in here when we were in a rush just to grab salads... I put chicken on mine and he didnt.. we both waited somewhere between 10-15 minutes for the food to be ready.  Dont put quick in your name if you are going to make people wait. I would understand if I waited for a fresh pizza or pasta, but a salad should not have taken that long, thats why we ordered it.  2. The prices are high considering the salad was average sized and not all that impressive.  For an additional (4.95 i think) I got 3-4 tiny pieces of chicken.... NO THANKS.  3.  They give you a TINY little container of dressing and dont even mix the salad for you... that part of the fun of getting a well mixed salad out somewhere vs making it at home,  if I had wanted just a side of dressing I would have asked, but I was not even given the option.   Not somewhere I will go back to, no thanks.Flatbreads are soggy. Flatbreads differentiate from pizza because the crunch. This thing was as crunchy as soup!This place should be better. The menu is interesting and projects a fresh food vibe. I ordered the William Penn Salad to go. It was a dried out herb-rubbed chicken breast over a lot of (fresh) arugula, dried-out shredded carrots, hard sun-dried tomatoes, and cous cous. It was served with a side of white balsamic vinegar dressing. It came in a clear plastic bowl with plastic lid. All for $14! I've gotten similar salads at bodegas and supermarkets for much, much less. In fact, I've gotten better salads at finer restaurants for less. There wasn't enough dressing for the amount of arugula. I should have asked them to dress the salad but I wasn't aware it came on the side. I probably won't be back. There are too many other options in this area.Omg this place is really good, fast and cheap. Get the pasta dishes! Not a fan of flat breads. You'll be back, again and again and again.I stopped in today for lunch.  Upon entering, i was greeted warmly by the staff.  The cashier explained how the quick fixx menu works (chef-prepared items on the front; build-your-own options on the back).  I opted for the orzo salad with grilled veggies and goat cheese.  Tasty!  The veggies are warm and the orzo is chilled, but you can ask them to warm the pasta for you if you prefer.  The salad includes ginger which, at first, i thought would be an odd choice.  But it worked!  I wasn't in love with the grilled romaine, but that's just me.
Chris H. ordered the flatbread with bacon and gruyere and i was jealous!  I plan to return to sample all of the flatbread combinations.  Overall, a very pleasant experience.  Great addition to the neighborhood!This is great late night food or when you want something that is filling and good. I went on Halloween (dressed up of course) and it was fun sitting at the sidewalk window (it was open cause it was a warm night) and watching the costumed characters walk past. 
I got a pasta dish (It's Italian so that's what you go for) and it was tasty but not something I would write home about. Service was quick and friendly!I can't say enough good things about The Quick Fixx. Fast (delivery is always CRAZY fast), delicious, reasonably priced, and the staff are VERY friendly! The people here are helpful and accommodating-- that's what always makes it such a great expedience for me. Can't forget about the '$10 spot' lunch special; it's such an amazing deal and you get tons for food. I love this place!Was pleasantly surprised by this little place!  Great outdoor seating right on South St. and fast service.  You order at the counter and pay and they bring out utensils and the food right to you.  Loved the bruschetta - so fresh and a great appetizer to share for only $4!  I had the arugula salad and my boyfriend had the Greek Orzo salad.  We enjoyed both and will definitely be back!!  Perfect place for a quick meal and open late.Quick Fixx is marketed as "Chef Inspired Cuisine at Take-Out Prices."  It should be marketed as "the perfect place when dining for one."  Whenever I'm eating solo, I don't feel like cooking, and every take-out option seems designed for more than one or is just too much/heavy for a work night.  Who wants a pizza for one or to induce guilt by ordering Mexican?  Quick Fixx is the perfect solution.  What do I want when dining alone, obviously a perfectly portioned delicious flatbread with a side of arugula!  I was torn between the Lancaster and the and the Prosciutto, but wound up opting for the Lancaster.  It was delicious.  With my side of arugula and prosciutto, I was quite the content solo diner.
Can't wait to make this a mainstay for my single evenings!This is in my neighborhood so I figured I should give it a try. Went one night with my wife, ordered a goat cheese salad, Retro Pesto flatbread and a portion of fries.
The salad came first, was nice, fresh, and a large portion. It's been a long time since I've been that impressed by a salad. Off to a good start. 
The fries (my wife decided on the Parmesan) were fresh cooked, but the dried Parmesan sprinkles were not impressive. Maybe our bad choice, I would get the fries plain next time. The garlic toum with the fries was so so strong that our waitress had to warn us about it before it got to the table. We frequently roast garlic, and eat whole cloves of the stuff at home, but that toum was ridiculous. As they've clearly got negative feedback (why else would the waitress warn us) why not tune it down a bit? 
The flatbread came out last and was really disappointing. First it looked bland. Gone were the impressive veggies of the salad, instead just some chicken with three types of sauce drizzled/spread on it. Also it was cold and burned (an impressive combination) so tasted bad.  This came out quickly, so how was it burned and cold, was it pre-cooked? And to top it all, under the flatbread the chopping board was moist, and there was a little puddle of grease. This is a chicken flatbread with pesto, where the hell did that come from? So now we can up the charges to cold, burned and soggy. Very poor overall.
Other than that, the service was good, and the decor is awesome and funky. The only strange thing is that they were playing rock music kinda loud. Given that the only other guests in the restaurant were a 70+ year old couple, it was a bit inappropriate. Also it made conversation more difficult that it should have been.
I'd probably forgive some of this stuff if it was regular fast food prices, but it was $24 for the meal, even though we were drinking water. For that price I expected better, and probably won't be back in a hurry.I love this place SO much. One of the best Italian places in all of Philly, and one of my favorite restaurants in Philly, period. Their pasta is always incredible, their flatbread selection is large and interesting, their calamari is great, their beverage selection is awesome, and their new free bread with pasta is also super good. The service is awesome and sitting outside in their seating area looking at South street is always nice. For the prices, you definitely get your money's worth. I love this place.Looking for something different try while I'm in Philadelphia.  I happened to find this place  by accident. The staff are very friendly. I had the Farmer's Wife. A refreshing salad on a hot & humid evening.Definitely on my list of best places to eat in Philly. It is HANDS DOWN the epitome of delicious, fast, and cheap food. I've visited Quick Fixx two times already, and they have not failed me. Their portions are bigger than what I've come to expect in Philly, and their flavors are on point. 
For appetizers (on separate occasions), I've had the calamari and panzarotti poppers, both of which were crunchy and crispy without being the least bit soggy. Their sauces, chili aioli and lavender-infused honey, respectively, really complemented their flavor profiles. I really have to commend them for changing the way I see poppers: Quick Fixx really elevated them with their choice of ingredients (goat cheese and shallots gadddaayuumm!), and I cannot stress enough how beautifully the honey sauce paired. 
Fun Guy flatbread followed, and it didn't disappoint. The truffle wasn't overwhelming at all, which can be quite difficult to achieve, and the bitterness of the arugula was tamed by the mushrooms, a lovely combination indeed.
The shrimp scampi is where it's at, people. Best. Shrimp. Scampi. Ever. Flavorful to the max, sauce so perfect; the perfect balance of creamy yet easy to spread. Portion on point. There were only a few whole shrimp, but it's fine. I'd go back for the scampi alone, but I feel like all the other items are a win like the ones above.
Try this joint out. You won't regret it.My fiancé and I love this place. It's our go to take out dinner joint. Tonight we ordered and got great food delivered (as usual) however the flatbread arrived a little smushed in transportation.  After sending them a note with a picture, they called me immediately to apologize. That not only made my night but it also restored my faith in customer service. Thank you Quick Fixx!!!Retro Pesto was a little heavy on the pesto but overall very good.  Plus the delivery guy and I had perfect timing, haha.Had a brunch there. Eggs with Bolognese dish was pretty awful: greasy, the eggs were overcooked for this dish. The pancake was pretty bad too. The arugula salad was not that fresh either. Just ate a little and left. Too bad, really wanted to like it.The Quick Fixx offers big portions and reasonable prices for pretty decent food. The chicken parm is huge and for $10 you can't beat that. That's my go-to meal. Their flatbreads are also delic. My first experience eating there was sub-par as it was freezing that day. With deliveries and the door constantly opening, it was hard to enjoy ourselves. I would suggest ordering take out or delivery rather than eating there in person as it's just a pick-up counter with a few tables. And they are indeed, quick :)PROS: BYOB, fresh & tasty food, great value ($), decent portions, interesting selection (gnocchi lasagna and fun guy - yum!), nice staff
CONS: Small place, more suitable for takeout
I'm a pescetarian and I loved this place. My friend hates cheese and she still liked the food. Definitely worth a revisit!Great gluten free friendly take out eatery.  Highly recommend the gnocchi lasagna with a Hank's root beer.
The decor is cozy and modern, and the prices are reasonably priced.  Big fan of the late night hours, and it being a BYOB as well.   Rooting for this place.Perfect lunch spot. Reasonably priced and plenty of healthy options. Love the diversity of food ingredients here. Their quinoa salad (The Farmers Wife) is my absolute favorite.Great salads.  Great vibe all around. Love the variations on the pasta dishes. Great service too.What a lovely little place! The servers were super friendly and very helpful. Food came out fast and we all had a great meal! Not a single complaint. The server found out that it was my birthday and brought us a free dessert, it was such a wonderful and thoughtful surprise! I will definitely be going back.The flatbreads here are great!  My favorite was the fun guy with truffled mushrooms, garlic, fontina, and a hint of rosemary.  It was savory and crispy with the perfect blend  of toppings.  The quattro formaggi is pretty good as well with a tasty cheese blend and flavorful sauce (it has a nice, slightly spicy bite).  The crust isn't too crispy but just perfectly thin without going near sogginess.  We also had a build-your-own pasta with spinach ravioli and pesto, which was delish.  So much better than takeout/delivery at about the same price.  Definitely worth stopping by!Ordered two flatbreads to go last night for the first time and now last time!  Two issues- really slow service which I don't mind if the food is worth the wait, but it was horrible.  Waited over 20 minutes for takeout (cashier said it would take 12 mins) when the place clearly wasn't busy.  I ordered before two other people who were eating there, and he had already almost finished his flatbread by the time I received mine. 
Flatbread- don't bother.  If you think you are hiding clearly BURNT flatbread underneath the chesse and toppings, you are clearly mistaken.  A little bit of charring on the edges I can understand.  But to send out blackened flatbread which is unedible is appalling and without conscience.
I felt most sorry for the other customer who was waiting for his takeout order who ended up getting a parking ticket.  Definitely not worth it...I order from here frequently on week nights when I just don't feel like cooking, or had a late night at work. True to their name, the food always comes fast and fresh. And it's definitely fairly priced. I do recommend calling in your order instead of using GrubHub. I used Grubhub once with them and the food took forever and was ice cold when I got it. I don't think that was Quick Fixx's fault at all, though. Great place to get a fresh salad, pasta dish or sandwich! Highly recommend the grilled shrimp on a salad.the prices for a takeout salad were about $4 more than they should be.  the food was good, portions were small.  the music was way too loud.  they seemed to have like 8-9 people working in the kitchen, standing around.  no need for that many employees, perhaps you could then bring your prices down with your competition.  no reason to visit this place againGreat food, great people, cool location. 
I used to work a ton of late nights so it was nice coming home and being able to get some good food that felt homemade. 
Usually got their pierogies as well as a gnocchi pasta dish. 
They also have a pretty wide selection of soft drinks ranging from the usual Coke to every flavor of Jarritos and other well known "gourmet" sodas. I'm a beer guy but I do appreciate it when I can get a Guava soda late at night. 
They also have some of the best brunch in the city and I'd definitely recommend them.So sad they removed brunch from their weekend menu and raised prices. The breakfast sandwich is still available but it doesn't come with potatoes so the only option is to order a side of fries for an extra cost. Really disappointed.My husband I come here when we go to the city.. which has been twice in the last 6 months.. both times the food was sooo good, reminds me of finger foods upscaled, just without the upscale pricing. Great flavors on everything that we have ordered.. and both times very friendly staff.. if I had to find a downfall Is that it's small so everytime the door opens you're getting a gust of cold air.. but honestly with great food at great prices with friendly staff it makes me not mind the cold as much.. wish there was a quick fixx in bucks county.. well until next time..Stumbled on to this place by accident which had mostly Italian dishes. Not a sit down dinner more of a order and sit, wait for server to give you, thus name Quick Fixx.
Ordered the Special Parm Chicken with Whole Wheat Pasta. Very Tasty for $9 and wash it down with a Pelegrino for $2.75 My other seat mate had the Lobster Ravioli which he said was very filling despite it's size $11.00
Overall a great place for a quick good food. No Alcohol served just Soft Drinks, Waters, Flavored Waters, Italian Sodas, etc.
Recommend for persons on the go. They did have a lot of Take Out orders.Ordered delivery when in town on a business trip. Delivery was quick.
I ordered the Gnocchi Lasagna and Stixx. The Gnocchi came with a bun also. I've never seen it on a menu any other restaurant, so I figured I would give it a try. So glad I did! It was amazing.
The stixx were mozzarella in some custom breading and seasoning mixture. You can taste they are handmade! 
Would definitely recommend and will order again.Updated Review (10/17): the Quick Fixx has long been our neighborhood go to for quick, healthy and delicious dinners. More recently I've had the opportunity to test out their catering services and could not have been happier. We had a sudden death in the family and in the haze of grief, having to plan a funeral and luncheon services was an incredibly daunting task. Having been to events catered by the Quick Fixx in the past, I reached out the owner Matt to talk about using them as our caterer for the service. We could not have been happier with our decision. Why?
1) Incredible customer service: the folks at the Quick Fixx were amazing, given the already difficult time we we're going through. They made planning a menu easy and their food estimates were spot on. They took care of the plates, cutlery and napkins, and Matt delivered the food personally to ensure that the set up met his high standards. 
2) Food quality: we were expecting around 200 people for the luncheon and as most of us have experienced in the past, usually the higher the number the people, the lower the quality the food.  This was not the case with Quick Fixx - the high quality of the food I get when ordering for one or two people was almost identical for this large scale event. The diversity of the selection of salads, pastas and proteins left everyone happy as there was something for everyone. People commented throughout the luncheon how good the food was and went back for seconds and sometimes thirds. 
3) Pricing: While price sensitivity wasn't necessarily an issue in choosing Quick Fixx, the pricing was extremely competitive. So for those on a catering budget, you get a ton of bang for your buck when choosing the Quick Fixx.Good quick and cheap food. Perfect for take out. A nice edition to a thriving neighborhood. I just hope they don't get carried away and start raising their prices since they're doing so well... Hmmm, an update: it seems the quality/portions have changed a bit. Still good but not great anymore.I had the gnocchi lasagna the other night. It was excellent. It had rich flavor, was a good portion and went wonderfully with my red wine (BYOB!). Also, my friend and I shared a basket of goat cheese poppers which were served with an  apple-orange dipping sauce reminiscent of perogies and applesauce. They were a tasty treat! The Quick Fixx is a great value and I will definitely be back!Quick Fixx is one of the few places that I find worth getting take out from that doesn't deliver to my house (they deliver, I'm just outside the zone).  I've been looking for a place in Philly that has healthy tasty options.  While I love Philly food, it tends to be a bit on the heavy side.  
Things I love about Quick Fixx: 
The side salad: It isn't anything fancy, but the ranch dressing is pretty perfect.  It isn't heavy, but it is still flavorful.  The mixed greens are fresh and healthy.  It only costs $2.50 with a entree.  For a decent sized, fresh, tasty salad $2.50 is an awesome deal . 
The Capogiro:  I love Capogiro.  It makes me smile.  I love Quick Fixx for offering Capogiro.  It is nice to have a tasty treat option.  
Those little fried dough balls stuffed with goat cheese: When I first saw these on the menu, I knew they would either be brilliant or horrible.  I mean, I wasn't sure if I would like the savory goat cheese / chive filling with the sweet (pure honey) sauce.  It turned out to be perfect.   Just awesome.  This alone is worth going to Quick Fixx for.  
Personally, I think the make-your-own pasta choices are awesome.  And pasta with a healthy sauce and side salad works with my diet (as long as I'm not ordering tasty fried balls of delicious and capogiro).  
So, Yay!  I'm a fan.Corporate card in hand, I quickly ordered the beer battered green beans (crispy and delicious), fried pierogies (rich and creamy filling), and the greek orzo salad  with shrimp (fresh and flavorful).
If you're dining in, you place your order then sit down and someone brings the food to your table. Even though it was not a full-service restaurant, the staff was very friendly and checked on us several times. 
Bonus: it was a gorgeous autumn evening, so the huge windows were perfect for people-watching.Quick Fixx is definitely one of my go-to's in Philadelphia. The food is affordable but excellent quality - definitely something hard to find in the pasta world where much of the choice is mediocre. I have tried a number of their dishes including the Smoky Roman and the pasta fresca, but now usually do the "build your own" pasta option. Great options, fresh ingredients.
I do wish that their delivery range was further - I live in University City and have to go down to their store to eat here. Their model is definitely meant for high quality take out/delivery, so I wish I could order in! All in all, I definitely recommend this place - have been going here for 3 years now.My husband and I ordered QF for delivery through Foodler last night. Upon arrival everything looked great and was packaged very nicely. I first ate my mixed green side salad (large for it's low cost)...I highly recommend the white balsamic salad dressing! I next went to open my box of build your own flat bread and to my surprise it had been dropped or carried on its side or something...all I know it that the whole flat bread was on one side of the box and soggy and smushy. I was so upset it smelled soooo good too. I calmly called the restaurant and the hostess offered to send me a new one but it would take another hour to get it to me as they were very busy. I told her no thank you and just to refund me the money (it was already 830pm...I didn't want to eat at 930)
My husband ordered the fries and they were amazing...they can with some cheese/garlic/butter sauce....i think he would have drank it if I hadn't been there to stop him. He also said his build your own pasta (spaghetti with tomato/garlic sauce and chicken) was amazing.
I will definitely order from here again....I just hope my flat bread makes it to me in in one piece.My go-to place when I need a quick meal that I won't feel guilty about eating later. Even more convenient as it is only located a few blocks from my apartment. I've gotten take out and dined in at this place, and have never been dissapointed. The customer service is always great, the staff is super-friendly and attentive.
The food is great - I've had all of the salads and a few of the pasta dishes. LOVE the Di Carlo salad with the grilled halloumi cheese.  While the prices may seem a bit steep for a quick place that focuses on take-out, you're guaranteed a fresh, delicious, high quality meal every time.
They offer free delivery and stay open until 1am on the weekends.Ordered delivery, yes it was 20 minutes before closing..yes the girl took my cc number four times before getting it correct but was apologetic and sweet.  But the pizza came literally ICE COLD?? who does that??? Really!? Philly..you are supposed to be known for your food but so far all my visits have been a fail and customer service and speed is horrendous.The Quick Fixx is really the best way to get your non-drug testing job related quick fix. No, here the fix here is all about satiating hunger without clogging your arteries on the way home from work.
The Parmesan dusted  artichoke is as fun as it is delicious. With all artichoke leaves perfectly marinated and hearts intact, this roasted dish is whimsical and baked enough to feign total healthfulness. It's an especially great side if you're willing to indulge in one of Quick Fixx's flat breads.
Unlike known "flat bread" from certain nonspecific chain restaurants, the flat bread at Quick Fixx is actually thin. Though it doesn't have that crisp crunch of wood grilled flats, it's perfectly delicious...especially when topped with cheese and bacon (The Fixx). 
ProTip: Unless you enjoy shiny pizzas, ask for light cheese on your Fixx.
The bruschetta is a fresh amalgamation of juicy diced tomatoes and basil with the proper amount of salt to accentuate the fruits' natural acidity. The baked bread slices upon which the generous mound of bruschetta sits is crisp and maintains its texture - read, it won't experience any sort of soggy bottom syndrome throughout your meal.So I had some friends coming in for my birthday and the plan was to go have dinner together.  We are all pretty cheap so we didn't want to go somewhere fancy, but I did want a place where we could kick back a while with no pressure, drink wine (BYOB), and eat good food.
I found this place on Yelp, and it had good reviews so I gave it a shot.  
Okay, so my first reaction was, "eehhuuuuu....i dunno about this place."  It's super small, had vibe I wasn't initially digging, and we almost bailed.  But, we were hungry so we gave it a shot.
Best decision ever.
First off, the staff is amazing, extremely friendly and helpful.  The owner in particular was fantastic. I called ahead and said I was comin for my birthday and even though its tiny, he said he would take care of me.  Then we showed up (it was way smaller than i thought) and he totally took care of us. Extremely nice, conversational, but not obtrusive at all, even gave me a free birthday dessert!
Secondly, the food was amazing!  We decided to enjoy it family style, we got 3 flatbreads and 2 pastas.  The Diavolo was out of this world.  The flatbreads were fantastic too.  There were 5 of us and we had 4 different favorites, so it all really just depends on your own personal tastes.  Either way though, we loved all of it!
You guys gotta check this place out.  Grab some great wine, get some good friends, and have a fantastic cheap meal.We came to this restaurant during octoberfest on south street. This was one of the few restaurants that had service and tables. Our servers name was Ben. Amazing. It was very busy! And he was definitely attentive, present, and kind. He was serving all the outside tables and was still able to greet us and get our order in quickly without being pushy or rushing us to get new tables in. The food was bomb!! My friend's mom got the farmers wife salad which was a nice size and she loved it. The rest of us got wraps that were just so yummy and big!! I will definitely be going back during normal hours to try some more options.I love the idea of this.  Lots of different items, they deliver, it's quick.
I ordered once before because Postmates had a deal.
I got a flatbread and the mozz sticks.  The flatbread was burnt and flavorless, and a little soggy, but I chalked that up to getting delivery (even though most pizza's are not soggy by the time they arrive).  They gave A LOT of mozz sticks, but they were just OK.  The sauce was a little bland, but they were better than the pizza.
This time I ordered I wanted a Caesar salad with calamari, so I ordered them separately.  I was ordering for delivery so I didn't want to have to deal with the confusion that usually ensues from wanting calamari on my salad (it's no different than chicken or shrimp?)
The aioli with the calamari is SUPER spicy.  It's not awful if you like really spicy things, but there's not much other flavor to it.
The salad LOOKED good.  Parmesan, grape tomatoes and bread.  (The "croutons" are just pieces of rock hard bread with some melted parm on them.)  I'm not big on loading my salad with dressing, but I usually ask for extra when I get delivery because they usually don't give enough, and worst case, I have extra dressing.  Well, I forgot this time, and they gave me the TINIEST ramekin of dressing.  I took half the lettuce out, and it still wasn't enough.  I may not like a lot of dressing, but I don't like dry lettuce either.
Pretty disappointed overall with this place.
Both times I've gotten delivery, and maybe that's the problem.  I can definitely say I won't be ordering delivery from them again, maybe I'll try going there if I'm in the neighborhood and there's nothing better open.Still going strong!
What Quick Fixx is:
* fast casual dining
* quickly prepared
* quality, value, healthy food options
* customizable meals
* consistent (except for the rare occasion)
* friendly staff
What Quick Fixx isn't:
* full service restaurant
* good for large parties (the place is small)
Favorite foods include flatbreads, BYO pasta (mmmm gnocchi with pan marks), parm fries, and the honey mustard sauceA great concept with good food (I had a pizza and salad), and a great value. (Amazing lunch value.) Very pleasant atmosphere with community tables inside and a (parking space) parklet outside. The owner is on site and sets the tone for super friendly and attentive staff -- unexpected at this price point.Oh so thankful I found the I can actually get a great lunch for 10$ and a drink. Omg I had a wrap with bbq chicken avocado bacon so delish with fries hard to come by in this neighborhood . Thank you so much food was great free delivery we need some takeout menus thoughI've eaten here numerous times. Poppers are to die for. The New Mexico flatbread is heavenly.I love their tenders and fries. The parmesan really does it for the fires. But on top of these favorites, the customer service is always on point which makes the food even better!My roommate and I got flatbreads delivered, the delivery was quick and the delivery man friendly.  The flatbreads were a different story.  My sun choke flatbread was dry and seemed overcooked.  My roommates Lancaster flatbread was so soggy she couldn't even pick it up without it falling apart.  Both flatbreads were at about room temp when we got them and neither was particularly flavorful.I was out of town on work for 5 weeks, come back to Philly to find that the 'Beef and Cheddar' flatbread was taken off the menu!!  Love this place and will still come back to by many dishes, however, taking that flatbread off the menu was a bad idea :(This place is clean, quick and hip. Came in on a Sunday evening when no one else was in and the staff was friendly and fun. Food was fantastic and the place is clean. Will come again next time I'm in town!Every time I spend $30 on a small pizza and salad here, I regret it. Everything is over-priced and the food is simply not great. The salads are 80% lettuce with very little toppings. The had a decent apricot salad which has been taken off the menu. The flatbreads are ok but like other people have mentioned, they get soggy during the 10 minute walk home. All of the pasta entrees will leave you dehydrated because everything is extremely salty. I have tried at least half of the entree menu and everything is so subpar. The one item I would recommend are the pierogis. 
Would not recommend coming here. They suck you in with the outdoor seating and the convenience but the actual food experience is terrible.The staff is ridiculously friendly.  I was just running to go meet up with a friend so I made a quick decision for the Caesar salad and chicken tenders.  The salad was tasty, but I wished for more than 2 pieces of crostini and 2 pieces of Haloumi.  The tenders were crispy, and I am still thinking about the garlic aoli that came with it.
Upon leaving, I eyed up some tasty pasta dishes on another patrons dish.  Looks like I will have to be back.Gluten free heaven! (and the regular pasta is wonderful, too) Delicious build-your-own pastas, salads, etc. Fresh ingredients, reasonable prices, super fast delivery. A true find.The salad didn't work with the dressing. The pasta didn't work either: grilled chicken with plain pasta noodles and a nondescript oily sauce which was supposed to be a white sauce. No pluses.1- the owner is SO friendly and accomodating.
2- the food was delicious and was FILLING!  if you need more food than you're getting here, you eat too much.  
3- i can't wait to go back again to try everyone on the menu!I have gotten take out many times from The Quick Fixx, the food is delicious the staff is always friendly.  I love the chicken tenders they are probably my favorite thing i have tried so far.  It has been a few months since I have ordered and I am due for a trip back!Amazing food, ranging from flavorful pasta, yummy flat breads to tasty salads.  My personal favorite, is their farmers wife salad, it's one of my favorite salads in the city!  You can't go wrong with any of their signature pastas, flatbreads or salads, but if you are picky like me, you can build your own salad/flatbread/pasta!!  And the food is made fresh and ready in no more than 10-20 minutes.  And, they are BYOB!  If you haven't tried Quick Fixx, you are 100% missing out!!I ate there last night. I sat outside and it was really nice to be on South Street. The food was very good!My wife recently told me about the opening of Quick Fixx, and I convinced her we should give it a go tonight. The woman who took my order was very pleasant. She told me it would only be about 20 minutes till our food would be delivered, and it couldn't have been more than 10. Our delivery guy was equally friendly. The food was excellent!!! We ordered the Gnocchi Lasagna, the Lancaster PA flatbread, and the Di Carlo salad. My wife and I have never liked gnocchi, but my wife said it sounded good, so we decided to order it. It was cooked perfectly with great flavor. The flatbread was equally delicious, and the greens in the salad were fresh. The salad came with some delicious bread. My only criticism is the caesar dressing left a bit to be desired. It had a slight fishy taste and was fairly heavy. Otherwise, I could not have asked for a better dinner and at a very good price. We will absolutely be going back.Great calamari!!!! Awesome gnocchi. Loved the food here, can't believe this place never came across before. Very fresh food and the calamari is a MUST. Will be back!Quick Fixx has got a few things going for them:
Good food
Moderately priced
VERY fast delivery
Friendly Staff
BYOB
Well that's more than a few things.....
Thanks Quick Fixx.I meant to do this earlier....this place gets 5 stars...after my flat bread mishap....the owner of The Quick Fixx called me personally to apologize and to make sure when I called to discuss my problem the person who spoke to me was professional.
Best of luck to Quick Fixx!I only get one thing here, but it's really good!  And cheap!  And fast!  So, what more do you want?For such a new food venue, I'm surprised to see so many reviews, kudos!  I am so glad that I found this place.  I have only ordered from there a few times, but with a culinary background myself, I am impressed.  I think I will try everything on the menu  including their creative daily specials. Their prices are very reasonable for their gourmet offerings, and they offer free delivery to boot.   Going out to dinner for a gourmet menu in the city, like the one Quick fixx offers will break you.  I have just a couple suggestions.  I see they have a "specials" link on their website that doesn't seem to work.  It would be nice to have the daily specials available to view.  Secondly, the dressing for the Caesar Salad, taste more like an Italian vinaigrette.  Homemade is very easy to make and has a decent shelf life, or the commercial options available are pretty decent too.This restaurant is almost exactly what you'd expect of it from the name, but perhaps a little better. Not saying that in a bad way - love this place and have been here pretty frequently to both eat-in and and take-out. I do, however, feel as though a better name choice would put a better perception on their food. For a while, I avoided going here thinking it was more of solely drunk-food kind of establishment (although that can't really be the case because they close relatively early).
The calamari is so good - the best part is that it's mixed with delicious little crispy onions and the sauce that it comes to dip with is also so good.
I usually get the Smoky Roman pasta as an entree which always hits the spot, but is never quite as good leftover {which you would standardly expect from any pasta that isn't with meat sauce}.
The flatbreads are nothing spectacular, so I usually steer clear of those.
Good, relatively cheap, and fast service. A great place to go if you want Italian-American food in a casual setting without a full-service waitstaff, as you order at the counter and then the food is brought to your table.Wanted to try something new and yelped around to try to find a new place in town. Eventually came across The Quick Fixx and decided to give it a try. 
We ordered the Seasonal Goat Cheese salad and the Fun Guy flat bread. 
The Goat Cheese salad was scrumptious. The greens were super fresh, there was some yummy cranberries and....tortellini- who woulda known! The goat cheese was mild so not to overpower the other ingredients. All topped with a fresh but earthy vinaigrette. Super fresh and delicious!
I was a bit disappointed with the flat bread. Apparently this is to be their specialty, but the crust was spongy, and though the toppings are a safe pairing, the fontina was too oily for the rest of the ingredients and didn't set right into a melty cheese topping. The flavors were all there, but it just wasn't successful.
Too bad the flat bread fell...well...flat...but to leave you on a much happier note, I would go back for that salad any day.I have a serious affection for this place and their delicious food, but I was extremely disappointed to learn that they no longer have the panzarotti poppers!  Please please please for the love of god BRING THEM BACK!!!!!!The food is very good an has a twist on every dish. I went here for the first time an the atmosphere was laid back. Staff was very nice an not rushing or disrespectful. The prices are VERY reasonable an they don't ask for to much on anything. You actually get more then you paid for. I'll definitely be coming to this spot more often. The only con is that it's a little cramped but once you eat you literally forget about that.Love this place! They're great with gluten free accommodations. Delicious, fast, healthy food! The outside seating is a bonus. I highly recommend trying the Farmers Wife salad. I appreciate that they have convenient hours throughout the week.I love this place. Speedy, delicious food, with fun outdoor seating on South Street. I would highly recommend any of the pastas and tasty sodas in their case, and definitely get yourself the fried goat cheese and honey things. Fantastic.Great place. 5 stars for fulfilling it's exact intention: a quick place to eat with delicious food. Friendly staff. Cute area to sit and chat with a friend, but also perfect to grab and go. I would recommend the Maryland crab ravioli!I was in the neighborhood for an appointment, walking back to my car with a grumbly stomach and stumbled upon The Quick Fixx. Decided to go for the $10 lunch special getting the gnocchi in garlic sauce + arugula salad. The gnocchi was quite good, but not as tender and squishy as I love. But it was fried on each side which gave it a different texture. The salad was just OK but they sure gave you a whole lot. Fresh arugula + parmasean + lemon vinaigrette. 
Service was very friendly, and the food was good enough that I want to come back to try the much talked about GNOCCHI LASAGNA :DRecommended: Fries with old bay and garlic sauce... yummy!
Small, hip restaurant with a great concept: chef-inspired food, easy to grab and go or casually dine-in (limited seating). Super affordable for the type of food you get--and you can tell that the chef has put thought and effort into the menu.
We tried the retro pesto flatbread and the gnocchi lasagna, too. Mmmm.. out of the three, I think the fries were my favorite! Bolognese meat with the lasagna was on the salty side but the gnocchi pasta itself was good. I'll probably go with the "make your own" option next time and pile on roasted veggies. 
Lastly, we tried their dessert. Gelato brownies, exclusively sold in shop, made by Philly's very own, Capogiro! That was really good too. 
So the next time I go in, I am ordering the fries, the "make-your-own" gnocchi, and the gelato brownies :) Yum-O!Please please put the air conditioner on!!! Your workers sweating into my food. I came to this place many times before, but never again.I'm glad I found this place! This will be my place-to-go for pasta day every week. My smoky roman was delicious! My favorite thing is that their portion is perfect! It was enough to make me full and more important I could finish it in one sitting. Actually there was a little bit leftover because I was really full. I'll try better next time! Other restaurants serve way too big portion that I usually have take home the rest. But don't get me wrong! I'm happy with Quick Fixx's price and quality. It's reasonable!
Staff was friendly! I was there at lunch time on Monday pretty busy time and there was only 1 girl working there. But she did a really good job! Kudos to her! Everything was run smoothly. 
The setting and environment is cool. I barely write review online but people need to try this place! Quick Fixx hits almost everything I hope for a good place to eat! Definitely will be back!A Philadelphia gem! We arrived around 2 pm and quickly ordered; a salad and sweet potato fries for me and pasta for my boyfriend. The service was quick and the food arrived quickly. My salad came with the dressing on the side (important as I rarely like the pre-dressed salads) and the sweet potato fries were crispy and not greasy. We sat by the open window and it was a perfect afternoon meal.Can't wait to go back--which I'm sure will happen very shortly. 
I had a special wrap not on the main menu, and I believe it was some variant of buffalo chicken. I couldn't tell you exactly what was on it, but it was tasty. I can tell you that the beer-battered green beans were to die for, however unhealthy those deep fried veggies are. 
Also got to try the sunchoke flatbread, which was likewise delicious. With such a big menu and in a great neighborhood, I can see myself back there often.After a day on the road (thanks Philly, route 76 moving 8 miles an hour) and then hours of cooking, let's make Thanksgiving eve easy and grab some take out, we ordered...
panzarotti poppers which were minuscule and few, although flavorful
beef and cheddar flat bread, beef was tender with a tangy smokey sauce slather
funguy flat bread had a great truffle presence 
sun-choke flat bread was great, every little goat cheese crumble sun-dried tomato pesto bite
mac and cheese, the broccoli was seldom, the bits of bacon plenty, consistency a little grainy 
not bad for the start of feastgivingFast delicious takeout, and so yummy! I go back for the Pasta Fresca and just discovered the most delicious spinach. Last night I had a fun little dinner all alone after working late. Sat out on the street with my tasty pasta and my own wine. Always surprised with how tasty this place is.This might be my new Sunday afternoon stop.  I only wish it was a little closer to me.  I grabbed a fun guy flatbread and panzarotti poppers.  The flat bread was cheesy and covered in mushrooms and a big pile of arugula.  The crust is thin, but not super thin, and not very crunchy, although I wonder if the crust just got a little soggy on my walk home.  The poppers were super tasty, almost like a crab rangoon without the crab.  They are little puff balls filled with goat cheese and scallions with a sweet sauce on the side for dipping.  They give you a lot and they are filling, so definitely worth sharing with a friend.  I'm really looking forward to trying some of the other items.The name says it all. I found this place right here on Yelp! I was in the mood for Italian delivery and found The Quick Fixx. Unfortunately they did not deliver to Passyunk and Federal but I was still curious so I bookmarked them for the future and the future came a week later during one of those "I am not cooking crap" type of nights.
First off, the customer service here is phenomenal! The girl who took our order was beyond friendly and personable. She was very informative about the menu as this was our first time. She was one of those "I feel like I know you from somewhere" types of people who you actually never really met. 
I built my own pasta dish which is something I love about their menu. You get a choice of sauce, noodle, cheese and add ons like a protein and veggies. I did whole wheat spaghetti with tomato sauce, roasted red peppers, mushrooms and fresh mozzarella! It was SO YUMMY! Def hit the spot. My husband went with the Gnocchi lasagna which was a delicious indulgence. Everything was fresh, delicious and quick! 
The only thing I did not like was the seating. I wish they had more tables and less counter like seating. This is a BYOB so it would be nice to be able to sit at a cozy table. But besides that, if you want some quick Italian then this is it! Quick, affordable and delish!I ordered delivery from here the other night. I was looking for a healthier alternative. I ordered the farmers wife salad. I would love more of the mix ins; mid way I was left with a lot of spinach. My boyfriend ordered the turkey sandwich which was massive; he had leftovers for the following day. The gentleman that took our order was very nice and our order came correctly. The food came during the expected time period. Although we didn't get any silverware. These 2 items cost $30. For that reason I probably won't order from here too often. At least not delivery.Was walking by and decided to get dinner here with a friend. We both ordered the fettuccine Alfredo with a side of garlic bread. Both dishes were so good and the wait was fairly short! The outdoor seating area with the benches was really lovely. The service was great and they even brought water in a makeshift bowl for my friend's dog!!One of the best pizza place we visited.
Great pizza and  customer service at a awesome price. We will highIy recommend to our friends.
We Will definiteIy visit again...Updating my review, Quick Fixx is totally upgraded to 5 stars.  After eating at several other take-out places, that have fresh, healthy options, Quick Fixx prices are in-line with the competition, and you actually get much larger portion sizes here which makes it worth the extra money.  The flat breads are large enough to split, so you will have leftovers for later!   
Updated food items I've had over my numerous visits the past few months:
- Sunchoke flatbread - pesto sauce, goat cheese, sun dried tomatos.  Amazing!  The pesto is very rich and dark green.  Not creamy or watered down with other sauces.
-  Fun Guy flatbread - mushrooms & arugula with a delicious aoili sauce on top.  Loved this. 
- Panzorotti poppers - small balls of fried goat cheese, side of honey dipping sauce. This is my go-to appetizer.  Order it almost every time!
-  create-your-own pasta:  pesto gnocchi, with spinach, artichokes, and sun dried tomatoes.  WOW!  I'm going to create-my-own more often!  This dish was mind blowing.  
- Gnocchi Lasagne - nearly heart stopping.  Thick creamy sauce with oozy melted cheese, and many large chunks of fresh meatballs.  Signature dish, don't miss out on this!
- Goat cheese & Cranberry Salad:  Delicious!  Plenty of goat cheese, they don't skimp on portion size!
-  Spinach salad with Apple and Brie:  Also delicious!  2 thick cut pieces of brie on top.  I always get dressing on the side. 
As you can see, I eat here ALOT.  I recommend everything, seriously the food here is great.  Matt, the owner, is so cool, he loves his business, and loves seeing his customers happy.  He really takes care of you and makes you feel welcome!  All the other staff are super friendly too, the service here is top notch!!
BYOB!  Also can order on iPhone apps like Eat24 or Grub Hub.  Score!I love The Quick Fixx. I've sat down to eat here twice, and I've gotten lunch delivered a handful of times (I'm embarrassed to say how many...).
I get a side salad and BYO Pasta, every variation I've tried did not disappoint, especially for $10-12 before tip.I stumbled upon this place when looking for nearby deliveries on Yelp and am so glad I did!! On my first order the delivery guy realized he had forgotten my ranch dressing and came back on his own accord within 10 minutes of dropping of my order of Stixx! Those and the Gnocchi Lasagna are my absolute favorites, along with the Fun Guy Flatbread.We really love their $10 Sunday brunch options (cash only). Delicious and we didn't have to wait! Only 4/5 because I would love to see more options on the $10 menu on Sundays. Otherwise a great hidden gemThe food actually taste pretty ok here. My issue is how they actually hygiene. The office ordered here all the time until one person got a fly in their food and the other got clearly bad salad. They gave us 10 dollars to our next meal. Which was nice and we could all understand mistakes happen. However this will be my last time ordering from this establishment due to having a long black hair in my food. Needless to say i found it with 2 bites left. The prices are really good for the area and they are always friendly. I just wish the good out weighed the bad.I wish I could give 4.5 stars, but its not quite good enough for a perfect 5.  Only reason is price, you really can't buy a meal less than $10, and for take-out that's a little pricey. BUT, you get what you pay for!  And the food here is FANTASTIC.  And its better than buying an expensive Italian dinner.  The place is very cute, modern, and the windows upon up big on a warm summer day.
I had the pesto chicken flatbread.  Delicious!  Very large portion, I was stuffed.
My girlfriend had the marghritta pizza flatbread, added sausage.  The motz was large and fresh.  It was very well seasoned.  Her and I both loved both dishes!
I can't wait to go back and try more. The owner is awesome and recommended the gnocci lasagna.  Also the fried goat cheese poppers.  I will be back very soon to try them!
TIP:  During lunch, get the "10 Spot" 
For $10 (cash only), you get a meal, salad, drink, and tax is included.  If you pay with credit, the full meal plus a drink and side is well over $15.  So save your self some money, and bring a $10 bill!Best mozzarella sticks I've ever had. 
My favorite food is mozzarella sticks, and I am very picky with them. You can tell that they are made in store. They are HUGE, and the cheese is just so gooey. You get 7 in an order for $6, but if you order from 10-11 PM, they are $5!! I love that they have a $10 deal. My favorite is the flatbread, fries, and soda deal for $10! If you get fries, make sure you get the Parmesan fries! I've had the gnocchi lasagna (can be made vegetarian) and farmers wife salad, and I don't think it's worth the price. However, they're still good. They also have a little parklet outside so you have seating that's not on the sidewalk. You don't have people bumping into you as you eat!
Pros: MOZZARELLA STICKS, late night deals ($1 off quickies, $2 off chef signature entrees), parmesan fries, on grubhub
Cons: Salads are overpriced
This is one of my favorite spots in the city. I only live a block away and am sad to be moving farther away!This place is just what we needed! A group of about a dozen of us came here this past weekend for a pre-marathon carb-load. Staff was friendly, service was fast, the restaurant was clean, pasta tasted great, and the price was right! It was actually much better than I'd expect from these "Noodles & Co." style places. And they taught me how to properly say 'orecchiette'! As a matter of reference, I had the orecchiette with bolognese sauce and added some grilled shrimp, but everyone seemed pretty happy with their food. I don't live in Philadelphia, but if I ever come back to run a stupid marathon again, I'll definitely be here the evening before.I can't decide whether or not I like this place.  We've ordered from here a few times and the first time, I got the tortellini with the meat sauce.  The tortellini was standard frozen tortellini, but the meat sauce was really good.  I tried a bite of my friend's lasagna gnocchi and it was awesome.  
The second time we ordered, I got the gnocchi, but I got the four cheese sauce with it.  The gnocchi were dense and gummy, not light and fluffy like the first time I tried them, and the four cheese sauce was way too thick and not flavorful at all.  
They say the third time is the charm, so I'll just have to wait and see what my next Quick Fixx meal brings me.Sorry Quick Fixx but my first experience will probably be my last. I love living in graduate hospital with all these new foodie havens popping up and judging by the foot traffic in this place I think it has a good chance for success. Unfortunately my experience was tainted from the start.
Standard Wednesday night, popped in to get a take out order. Picked one of the salads and asked to substitute grilled chicken for fried chicken. "No problem" the cashier replied as I continued the order. When it came time to pay I handed over the credit card to realize the amount seemed high. Upon further inspection this "no problem" was a $3 add on. In attempting to go back to fried chicken without remorse I was told too late, the card had already gone through. 
Of course at this point my bitterness wouldn't allow me to enjoy the meal but looking at how small this $14 salad was made me regret even more my dinner choice. The Panzarotti Poppers were delicious, at least the few that actually were stuffed as opposed to the majority which were just fried little balls. 
It's a shame as this would be a fun BYOB to hang out on casual nights. Hope you yelpers have better luck!Unfortunately, the love is gone. They reduced portion sizes and the service is totally missing the mark on what they had going. Whereas they use to accommodate all my orders, now they are a bit fickle about delivery and special orders.  The food is still good, but waited 1:40 minutes (I'm 3blocks away)on my last order ($80) and they forgot my salad on the order before that.  What was once great, is now okay.  I believe they are hitting that critical mass point.this place is awesome!!!
I went there tonight with my girlfriend, we split the junk salad with calamari on it, and then we split the sun choke flat bread.  Both were awesome, the basil pesto on the flat bread was my favorite part.  Came out to about $10 each, and it was definitely worth it!
(ps, they have late night specials after 10pm, $2 off the larger plates, $1 off the apps)A friend and I dropped by randomly for brunch.  It was delicious. I had the special hash with eggs, she had the gnocchi.   I've also had their spaghetti with meat sauce. 
 It was all delicious, both sitting down and to go.  We sat outside at their table in the middle of the street, which was hilarious, but not for children. 
  Skip the salads. I ordered an arugula salad to go and it was literally a small tub of lettuce and that's it.  Stick to the pastas.I always turn to the Quick Fixx when I'm not quite sure what I want to eat. I've been here numerous times, mostly for takeout. The mozzarella sticks are good and they give you a large portion. The salads are also quite tasty.  Very causal dining atmosphere.Hands down the very best delivery in Philadelphia....nothing comes close!
Honestly, its quality, quantity and quick.
The salads are awesome.  So fresh and so tasty.  The Farmer's Wife and the Greek Orzo are out of this world and the shrimp addition is fantastic.  Honestly, the lettuce is fresh, the feta cheese perfect, and the olives are awesome.  
The Gnocchi lasagna and Chicken mushala are incredible.  They deliver well and taste awesome!Quick Fixx is the only restaurant where I've walked out and immediately thought "I need to find a way to invest in this place." Awesome concept and execution!This is a multi-vectored review. 
17 minutes. That's how long it took them to deliver 5 distinctly delicious food items: fried pierogi, chicken strips, dough balls, salad with fried calamari, chicken parm penne pasta. 
Taste. The food was fantastic, it delivers, you won't be disappointed. 
Competence. The person who took my order was thorough, professional, focused. The delivery man was courteous and on point with the receipt and pen.
I'll be ordering from here again.A really convenient place to eat a nice, healthy (or not healthy, if you want) dinner fast. High quality ingredients prepared to order. It seems like it's hard to find somewhere to eat fresh vegetables at fast food speed, but the quick fixx has got you.Had initial issue with delivery guy and the owner called me within 2 minutes of my original post/review to apologize. Very impressed with his response and remediation.So I had a veggie wrap which took more than 20 minutes to appear but when it eventually did, it came with the best fries I've had all year. I was stuffed for 12 hours straight - something that had never happened before. The wrap is totally share-able if you have a small stomach, coz you can't simply skip the fries. Ah, those fries.Order the chicken tenders and fries ,let me just say I will stick to Chick-Fila .The tenders was to hard on the outside crisp part. The inside was soft white meat .They just have a funny taste.It may be the cooking oil. The barbecue sauce is good. The honey mustard sauce is disgusting.Fries need not mention there just tasteless.Staff is ver nice. Fast serviceI got the artichoke flat bread & woke up the next morning with the stomach flu. Not sure if it was just a case of bad goat cheese, but now I'm living between my couch & my bathroom. My other 2 friends got sandwiches & they're both fine, so I would advise to just stay away from the artichoke flat bread.Our first time at Quick Fixx tonight.  What a find!  Good food (the meatball penne special of the week), shrimp linguine, arugula & caesar salads, and chicken tenders), quick service (we ate there), and a cute little place.  Matt, the owner, waited on us and was terrific and very friendly.  Perfectly named for an easy, good price dinner.  Warning:  portions are surprisingly generous for the price point.  No, this is not a white tablecloth joint, but it's very nice and the food is excellent.I came and enjoyed the $10 lunch special. I ordered a flatbread with a side of arugula salad. The salad was pretty good with its lemon dressing but the flatbread was very disappointing. The flatbread was burned and even if you try to cut the actual burnt part off, the rest of the flatbread still smelt burnt.Quick and tasty for lunch. Favorites : 
1. Gnocchi lasagna.
2. Pasta with pesto sauce.
3. Fun guy flatbread. 
4. Pasta fresco.Buzzkill meal. My Caesar salad with shrimp was basically a giant container of chopped iceberg lettuce, adorned with 5 shrimp and 6 cherry tomatoes, and not enough salad dressing. I also ordered creamed spinach (see pic in photos). The '" creamed spinach" was sauteed spinach with some milk-like substance floating around the bottom of the container. Being brave and hungry, I ate it. My boyfriend ordered pasta which he thought was good, and it was a modest portion. I should've just eaten my gluten-free fish sticks from the freezer for dinner and saved $25.I have used these guys for three years. I ha e a standard delivery order which their system pops up, super easy. The food is great, my problem is their ever changing deliver habits. When they used their folks they were on the spot, quick and polite.  Each of the services they have moved to have each been horrible and super slow. This latest Zoomer folks are the worst. They are shamefully bad. So sad. See you later Quick Fixx.Great, friendly service.  Some wonderful pasta.  We had the gnocchi lasagna which was the main reason we went.  It was well worth it.  We also had the apricot spinach salad and the mac and cheese special that had broccoli and bacon in it.  A really good choice if you want great pasta and a nice owner to talk to.The waiter was TOO nice. Too nice and too friendly that he talked almost too much haha but he was so kind to explain the menu, his favorites, how each dish can be different from the others. 
It kinda of gives off a fast food (called Quick Fixx!) vibe b/c it's not a huge romantic restaurant. but it's actually really cool how this kind of a place is BYOB. 
I got the gnocchi. There was so much meat, I actually wanted less of it. Gnocchi was so chewy! I also think it's made of ricotta, not potatoes, so that's a plus! I did think it was a little greasy but that may be from the abundant meat. (or maybe it was too cheesy..can't really tell...)The prices are all reasonable and the portions are decent for it's price. The gnocchi was def good but didn't shout out at me. 
I def want to go back and try their flatbread or other stuff. I think I'll be giving a 4star at my next visit cuz they looked soooo goodThis place is exactly what it says, a quick fix! Normally go with the flatbread pizza ... Pesto chicken is one of my faves. Plus they have a cute outside hangout!Stopped in today with a friend for lunch. Excited to learn they have a $10 lunch special going on for a number of items, including any flatbread (with salad or fries and a soda included!) and their delicious gnocchi lasagna. We got the gnocchi and the Retro Pesto flatbread with Parmesan fries. So good, and so easy on the wallet! It was my friend's first time here, and we're both so excited to come back for another quick, delicious lunch special soon!OMG the beer battered green beans are to die for! They know how to prepare them so they're not soggy when you yet them.  We gnocchi lasagna is sick awesome and if you want them a little lighter you can just get red sauce.  I also really enjoyed the Orzo salad, very fresh and delicious.  Really cute place to eat in as well.This place is consistently delicious!! They totally deserve the 5 stars. My boyfriend and I order food from here at least once a week!
I love the farmers wife salad with grilled chicken. Everything in it is so delicious, especially the fresh mozzarella. 
I still really wish they would put the artichoke back on the menu but I will continue ordering their delicious food whenever I don't feel like cooking! LolI went to The Quick Fixx on a Sunday afternoon looking for a quick, tasty and reasonably priced lunch and that's exactly what I got. I had the Spaghetti and Meatballs (upgraded to Meaty Marinara) and my friend had the veggie Gnocchi Lasagna. We both really liked our dishes. The meatballs in my spaguetti were delicious, noodles were really good (not positive, but they tasted fresh) and the sauce was good, although I like my marinara more heavily seasoned. I did not try my friend's gnocchi lasagna, but it looked amazing - the gnocchi was perfectly seared. 
In short, this is a perfect place for a quick lunch or dinner that's gonna be satisfying and won't hurt your pocket. I should also note that the menu is very interesting, it gave me plenty of reasons to come back to The Quick FIxx.Quick service, inexpensive prices, puppy friendly outdoor seating! Gets no better than this!I like Quick Fixx.  It's good, fast, and cheap!  I would recommend the Pasta Fresca.  Although I am a meat eater, I thoroughly enjoyed this dish and the roll that came with it.  I also loved the bruschetta..it's so cheap and awesome.  I actually used this place for Dine En Blanc.  While everyone was breaking out their $75 Di Bruno baskets/whoever it was...I broke out my $25 Quick Fixx...and it felt so good.  I'll be using them next year too.  The only thing I would not recommend is the gnocchi lasagna...I thought it was kind of bland but everyone else seems to like it.
Remember:
BYOB
Outside seating
An assortment of dessertsI was traveling on business last week and stopped by this place for lunch. I ordered the Gnocchi Lasagna based on past recommendations and it was everything I hoped for and more. I love Gnocchi but have never had it in lasagna form and now I am a true believer. I also had a fresh side salad and all together it was only 10 bucks! I only wish this place was in my hood. Come to Colorado Quick Fixx!I came here for a casual dinner the other night with a friend who is a frequent customer and suggested that we go there. I was excited to try it out because of the great reviews I read. I had trouble deciding what I wanted but being that I was trying to eat healthy, I went with a salad. I was originally going to create my own, but I felt a little overwhelmed and felt a little rushed by the girl at the register so I just opted for an already made choice. I went with the Farmer's wife, which sounded delicious, but I was a little taken aback by how expensive it was without any protein on it. I asked the girl how much it would be to add grilled chicken and was told 18 dollars! Um, I could get an entree at most restaurants for that kind of price.. I don't need to pay almost 20 bucks for a salad. I thought sweetgreen/honeygrow was a little pricey, but that is ridiculous. 
We sat down at an outside picnic table on South and I really liked sitting outside on the street on a nice summer night. The waiter brought out water and cups and our food came out very fast. I liked the salad and the ingredients in it. I'm a huge quinoa fan and the avocado and fresh mozz were delicious.. the problem was, I was still pretty hungry after I was done. I tried to eat as slowly as possible to get filled up, but this solution failed miserably. I definitely would have been more filled up if I had gotten chicken, but I couldn't justify spending that much on a salad. I'm confused how flatbreads with steak and pasta with shrimp are cheaper priced than the salad I ordered that did not have any protein on it.. it seems like they need to revamp their pricing a bit to match other fast-casual places in the area. I would be willing to try this place again, but would forgo my diet and order a non-salad item instead next time.The name of this place is most definitely fitting--service is quick and friendly and there are options for everyone; from salads, sides, and sandwiches to customizable pasta dishes.  I had plans to meet a friend for karaoke at Bob and Barbara's next door, but seeing as they didn't serve food there, I stopped by Quick Fixx to see what they had to offer.  I wasn't extremely hungry, so I ended up with an order of their sweet potato fries, which came topped with freshly grated Parmesan cheese.  YUM!  All their menu items are affordable enough to avoid breaking the bank, and for your convenience, they deliver!Their flatbreads are amazing.  
Quick Fries with old bay is so good and the gnocchi lasagna is the new drug.
And then the Oreo cake.  Oh I'm going to be fat....I want to commend Quick Fixx for making a great chicken tender (or 5!).  The breading is light and crisp, while the chicken is juicy and tender (as the name implies).  I love the honey mustard (more honeyish than mustardy), which has a spicy kick to it.  Be forewarned, if you do not like a spicy kick, the barbecue sauce is NOT a good option to pair with the chicken (too smoky for this pairing).  I would suggest bringing your own dipping sauce if you are worried of the spiciness.
Their other dishes that I have had are all quite good as well.  But, for $7, the chicken tenders stand out from the pack for their quality and price and get my stamp of approval.Every time I eat here I feel like I have a mild case of food poisoning after...
The place is cute, and the concept is great. It's a convenient place to go grab a quick BYO dinner on the way to another excursion, but if you don't want to get sick later in the evening, maybe just skip this place.Great place. Quick and really good food. I had veal ravioli for $11 and it was excellent.Great place for a quick lunch or dinner. I love their flat breads (my favorite is probably the one with the chicken and pesto) and, although I like the pasta dishes (tend to favor the "Smokey Roman"), generally find them a bit too heavy and don't get them unless I'm extra hungry. My wife, OTOH, doesn't particularly care for the flat breads, but really likes the pasta, so YMMV. Regardless, it's worth giving this place a try. They even have dessert ice cream made by Capogiro.Hmmm...I have mixxed feelings as far as this spot goes (see what I did there?). Quick Fixx is a nice option to have when you don't feel like getting dressed to go out, but need a break from the neighborhood pizza joints. Along with pizza of the classier flatbread variety, they have a lot of Italian dishes as well.  
At first glance, the prices seem good. $9 for a rigatoni platter as an example. But I must say the portions are pretty small. I definitely suggest ordering the salad to make a substantial meal. My rigatoni was pretty good, nice and garlicky which this Italian girl appreciates. My husband got chicken parm and said it was ok.  I regret not getting the gnocchi lasagna since everyone seems to like that. 
Quick Fixx doesn't deliver to my house, so I'm not sure I'd go out of my way to get it again, it it is a nice option.Yummy quick well made food! Friendly workers and a fun environment! All types of food, had their pesto flatbread and heaven on earth salad to share with friend and it was perfect!I'm torn as to what review my most recent experience here. The food was definitely 3 stars.. possibly closer to 4. However, the cleanliness of the dining area and friendliness of the staff made me side with a 2 star review.
I came in here on a weeknight and it was relatively quiet in here. We ordered the Bruschetta appetizer, the gnocchi lasagna, and the goat cheese salad. 
We sat down at a table, which still had some crumbs on it, and waited for our food. The bruschetta came out quickly and was alright- nothing amazing. I enjoyed both the salad and the pasta- although I wish the mozzarella on the pasta was more melted vs being cubed.
The real disappointment was the amount of flies in the dining area. It was hard to enjoy the food when we were constantly swatting the flies away from our food. It was at least 3-4 surrounding us at a time... if this is how the dining area is, makes me wonder the cleanliness of the kitchen.
I'm surprised to see such consistently high ratings for Quick Fixx- does everyone order it to go and not notice a problem with the flies? or did we happen to go on an off night?There are almost no salad places in Center City.  Saladworks is abominable, Cosi is subpar, Sweetgreen is in West Philly and Gia Pronto isn't open at night.  So I was hoping Quick Fixx would be a go-to place for a delicious, healthy low-carb meal.  It's not.  I ordered a salad with chicken, shrimp and bacon that cost $17.  The salad was not mixed, the broccoli not blanched -- the salad resembled a few ingredients that were placed on top of each other.  The salads at Sweetgreen are much, much better and cost significantly less.  A similar salad in New York would cost about $11 (due to more competition).  Now I haven't tried the flatbreads or the pastas but I don't think I will.In another city, maybe I'd give quick fixx 4 stars. I however, as someone who lives by himself and has been disappointed by Philly's delivery scene, think quick fixx deserves five stars.
The food is great - my favorite is the macaroni and cheese with a side caesar. BUT the best part is that they are quick to deliver, on bikes, and when they call they introduce themselves and are genuinely polite "hi, this is john from quick fixx, i'm rounding the corner now". Good food, quickly, reasonably priced with nice folks.I'm currently staring at my phone craving the goat cheese salad I am about to tell you about. 
It was love at first sight. The grilled chicken was juicy, the goat cheese was plenty, and the sliced apples were crisp and decorated the plate. And to my pleasant surprise, I found tortellini dispersed within the salad! Now the dressing... even someone like me who (attempts to) avoid extra calories succumbed to using most of it. Ya I have tried a lot of different goat cheese salads in my life but none have come close to this.
The only reason I'm giving 4 stars is because the fried cheese and jalapeño pierogies were mediocre.