A beautiful, cozy, warm atmosphere. The food is outstanding and the service excellent. A delightful menu. I recommend to try.We only came for teatime, so I can't really rate the food or the dining rooms (which I hear are very cool), but I did attend with a Brit, so I can give you an authenticity rating.  The Brit says that it's not "authentic" per se, but it's a lovely homage to a British pub - not tacky in the least.  Based on my slightly more limited experience, I'd have to agree.
The drinks (Pimms deluxe, awesome!) were great, the tea was reportedly good too, and I really enjoyed the salmon-and-trout paté.  The place was pretty cozy too, but although I was seated next to the fireplace, still chilly.Great atmosphere . Had the cheese plate and pork tenderloin will definitely go back to explore the tasty menu some more. They could expand on the desert menu though, it didnt really have anything worth trying. Ok beer selection.a little loud at the beginning - i lost my voice trying to tell a story.  and ended up standing while waiting for a table since the bar area on the first floor was crowded.
and the service is very nice - it is just hard some times to get their attention (we ordered wine to eat with our mains and it didnt come until we were finished).
but the food was good - got the scallops and the burger.  the fries are fresh and HUGE.  the drink with pimms is also yummy - and the bartender was super accommodating and let me sub vodka for the gin.I was instantly sold on this place the minute I walked in the doors and the whiffs of smells hit my nose.  As we were seated and given the drink menu I was brought back to my time in England and thinking I was at a free house.  
The service was great, taken care of instantly even if there was not a seat left in the place.  The food was brought out quickly and was wonderful.  I have been told the deviled eggs are very good, well that is an understatement.  The meal was even better.
I cannot wait for my return to Philly just so I can come back.Fantastic food, decor, ambiance. The ricotta spread is Amazing. The tandoori chicken was phenomenal. The fish and burger were also on point. Spend your money here. Small menu but quality is priority to the establishment. No complaints.The Cheese plate,  Scottish Salmon and the Basil Punnett were delicious. Loved the atmosphere and decor, too! Will definitely be back.We were in Philly for a Phillies game and stayed overnight.  The Dandelion was a tremendous part of our Philly experience.  Great decor and service.  We just walked around the rest of the day saying, "God, that was so good"!  We had the Chicken Duck Liver appetizer which we weren't sure we'd like but our waiter said it was his favorite.  So glad we dared to try something new!  It was delicious.  We all shared the Fish and Chips, Hot Roast Beef Sandwich, and French Toast (best we'd all ever had!!).  We even went on and on about the watercress salad that came with the sandwich.  Excellent in every way.  Couldn't recommend more!Before I start my review, I must mention that I am bothered by the name of this place; it doesn't have the right British Pub feel to me.  So for the rest of this review I will refer to it as "The Dandy Lion Pub". Which I find to be so much more pleasing than a bar named after a weed that I don't even think exists in England...
I have a tip for anyone trying to get into this place: that super cool door on the corner of 18th and Sansom? Not the actual door.  I felt like a fool tugging on it, only to find out the real door looks like a side entrance on 18th.  Anyways, the decor in the Dandy Lion was somewhat odd, but enjoyable. As I waited for my friends to arrive, I sat near the fireplace in what felt like some old man's living room. I was afraid to touch anything until someone on the staff came over and told me it actually was for sitting not just looking (it resembles the random furniture you see thrown into some museums, with ropes in front of the display telling you not to sit). Side note: the staff here is fantastic: super nice, helpful, and very cheerful but laid back. We sat upstairs in a very homey feeling sun room which i just loved.  I could sit up there all day. 
I came here for brunch and was really pleased with the menu. I find most brunch menus to be very overwhelming, with way too many options. There was a nice range of choices but not so much that I couldn't choose a meal. I went for the Eggs Royale and they were fantastic. Just the right amount of Hollandaise and smoked salmon, and really well cooked eggs. The coffee was really delicious but heads up, its like $3.50 (a bit steep if you ask me). 
Also, the bar area looks lovely. I can't wait to find an excuse to come here for happy hour!Stephen Starr has done it again!  Dandelion is AWESOME from the food to the best ambiance I've experienced in Center City.  I really cannot wait to go back to the dog bar upstairs or sit by the fireplace downstairs, if I am lucky enough to snag a spot there.
There are several levels of the restaurant.  It feels really intimate in each space, which has its own design and layout.  I believe that this is pretty authentic based on my one trip to the UK a few years ago.  But honestly - knowing that Great Britain is not exactly known for its food - the ambiance is the only thing that this place has in common with its inspiration!  But I digress.  Major ambiance highlights include wood-burning fireplaces, which are a treasure during winter months, and the dog bar upstairs, with tons of photos and statues of dogs.  The furniture is all old-school - lots of wood, wooden tables, chairs and paneling.  Check out the room upstairs painted in off-white with a bay window overlooking 18th street and a beautiful light fixture...it looked very appealing and warm in there.
The food was great and the service was very friendly and welcoming.  It was crowded in there but they sat us within 20 minutes or so (no problem, I rocked some Pinot Noir while we waited).  PS - looks like a fun beer selection here.
Here's what we ordered:
-deviled eggs - nice curry flavor, but not overpowering at all.  MMM!
-butter lettuce salad - lightly dressed with apples, bleu cheese, pomergranite seeds...why is butter lettuce so good?
-fois gras - I don't usually order it.  Came with an egg, thick-cut bacon and balsamic reduction = one tasty bite!
-NY Strip - OUT OF CONTROL GOOD...comes with two sauces, one was a little creamy and one was a rich bbq-esque flavor.  This steak DEFINITELY rivals ALL steak houses I've been to in Center City BY FAR.  I could not get enough of this steak.  That is all I have to say.
-Roasted organic chicken - I don't usually order chicken out but this is the place to get it...came on potatoes, I caught a taste of turnips, roasted baby carrots...simple, delicious, hearty.
Next snow day you can find me at the fireplace in Dandelion.The rabbit pie is fantastic, the service and the atmosphere is great! Met some really cool people at the bar from Iceland and Boston, networking bonus, don't miss out!This meal is making me thirsty. I'll try it again because I enjoyed the atmosphere. Also our entrees were comped because we waited a half hour for them which isn't that bad considering how busy the place was.Wonderful spot. Starr restaurants are generally pretty solid and The Dandelion doesn't break from this mold. My husband and I brought my in-laws here when they were in town. The decor is warm with a great mix of cozy and old world charm. Everyone was a a fan of the Sunday Roast. The Sunday roast is AMAZING! The yorkshire pudding is well-worth the extra gym time. Indulge and enjoy! The hubs and I have been back many times, both for drinks and to dine. Always happy with the food, drinks, and service.The scones are the best in the city. And they have Ribena on tap basically! The shepherd's pie was also quite good. A great place for brunch in Philly, but do keep in mind a reservation well in advance. The decor/crowdedness is a little odd, but perhaps the feel of a British pub is meant to be more crowded.Excellent ambiance in a prime location.
Decor is unique and homely. The drinks are inventive (albeit a bit pricey). 
Came with a party of 8 -- took a while to get seated but overall service was pretty good.
Highlights:
 - Fish and chips
- Lamb bolognese
- Pork Belly
- Shepards pie
- Winter beer flip
- Darm and stormyHad lunch here with friends on New Years Day.  Our second visit to the restaurant. Was a very wonderful atmosphere.  We were early for our lunch reservation, so we sat at bar.  They have a very nice selection of brandies, bourbons, and whiskeys, which was perfect for a cold windy winter afternoon.  Had the homemade ricotta for appetizer.  It wasn't on the menu, but the waiter got it for us, since we specifically asked for it.  I had the fish and chips.  Fish was fabulous.  Chips were julienned a bit too large for my tastes.  I prefer a thinner cut.  Only complaint was that the staff removed plates before we were all finished eating.  So two people had their plates removed while the rest of us continued eating.  Was a bit too abrupt. Other than that, a very nice lunch and worth the price.I can't really find a reason to not give this restaurant 5 stars.  Our party ordered the more traditional English fare that this place specializes in.  Fish and Chips, rabbit pie, welsh rarebit, pork belly, all of which were perfect.  All came out piping hot, which to me was impressive given the size of space, number of levels, and bar that are all hopping at the same time.  Service was knowledgable, friendly, and always kept the complimentary sparkling water full.  I loved the decor.  Classic British gastro-pub to a tee, even in the bathrooms (which were sparkling clean).  Will be back here again soon.First things first - people love this place because it fills a void in the Philly restaurant scene. We don't have any other gastropubs of this theme or ambiance.
The food is not really British overall, but certainly showcases some classics and showcases them well. The decor screams British to such an extent that a pub like this couldn't possibly be found in England, but that's part of the charm.
Importantly, the food is very good. Several weeks ago I enjoyed a rabbit pot pie, and the rest of my party had excellent dishes (salmon, risotto) but the standout was actually the appetizer, a simple ricotta on toast. This dish is in vogue right now but the preparation here was excellent. Some dishes could use a bit of work but, overall, good menu and good preperation.
The drinks are fantastic. Of course, the beer list stands up to the theme honorably.
The atmosphere is uniformly positive in every room of the space. Really, just one of the best vibes in the city.
Overall, a really safe bet for a great night.I went with my family during restaurant week. As cliche as it is, the Dandelion was one of those places where I always meant to go to, but never got around to. Walking in on a humid evening, we passed through the lively bar area into the impressive multilevel restaurant space. The hostess led us up through a warren of small rooms before seating us in a bay window on the third floor.
The seating was a bit tight, with the oval table putting my elbow very close to another diner's back. I'm not sure if that's the normal layout, or if they had extra tables for the promotion. The view of the street and neighboring buildings made for a nice ambiance.
I started with a flight of cask ales, while the rest of my party stuck with wine and less "adventurous" beers. It's always good to see beer flights as an option at bigger restaurants, its a good way to taste a variety of their options. For my first course, I ordered the cured beef fillet, expecting something like a charcuterie board. Instead, it was served more like an openfaced sandwich, with meat, pickled onions, and salad presented a long, thin slice of crispy baguette. While unexpected, it was nonetheless fantastic. My brother's scallops and lentils were also excellent.
I ordered a pint of my favorite bitter in the flight, and the main course arrived. I chose the rabbit confit, served over a bean cassoulet with pork belly. The earthy beans complemented the succulent confit beautifully. The pork belly, always a nice addition to a meal, was the right kind of crispy, and helped to balance the plate. I'm not much of a dessert person, but thankfully the eton mess was a small tart punctuation to the meal.I was hankering for some fish and chips after a good visit at the dentist and decided to stop in this Steven Starr homage to British pubs.
Started with the soup, which was flavorful. But really? $10 for vegetable soup?!?!?!
After a 25 minute wait there came the fish and chips. One small piece maybe 4 inches long. It was a thick piece so it was ok but nothing stood out about the fish. The fries were great. Again, is this worth $20?
Not a great experience and I didn't find any reason to return. A shame.My experience with places that are Irish or English is usually good beer, bad food. This was, happily, an exception, They have both. Stopped in on a warm spring evening. The pub is located on a city corner and all the surrounding windows were open, bringing the inside space closer to the outside. Wonderful decor, reminiscent of an upscale English pub. Great beer selection and a broad menu with lots of small plates and more substantial dishes, too. Friendly, knowledgeable, attentive service. Thumbs up.The Bacon was awesome. The scones were awesome. You need to go here friendly staff and very clean. I ordered a omelette it was so good. I defiantly recommend you come hereHave only been once but definitely worth a repeat visit. Came for a ladies lunch - none of us shared a bite as we found our entrees too good to share! I'm familiar with bangers & mash and lamb shepherds pie (which the others got) so I went the rabbit pie. It was my first time having rabbit pie and as the saying goes, it did taste like chicken. But incredibly moist dark meat. The pot pie was amazing. We shared the Bakewell tart with lemon buttermilk ice cream and regretted it -- well regretted not each getting our own! Best Bakewell tart (sorry Mr Kipling). 
It was also really nice to be able to get a half pint.We went here on a Saturday night date for drinks. They seated us immediately without a reservation. The service was impeccable. The menu was very tempting so we also got the tomato Parmesan risotto which was absolutely delicious! I ordered the rose mimosa which was very refreshing. I will definitely return!Never disappoints,  great food in a homey setting.  Menu is creative and tasty.  Wine selection is impressive.Nice bar and good food.  Oysters were a great start.  Pork belly was also quite nice.  The Vindaloo was a bit of a disappointment though.  We figured and English pub would know how do a good curry - but the spice was pretty lame.
But we will return.  Much more to try on the menu and the service was great."The English don't have cuisine, only food". So wrote Agatha Christie.
But Dandelion proves Dame Agatha wrong.
Not surprisingly the roast beef was excellent and presented just as ordered, rare for wifey, end cut for me.
But what was surprising was the delicious dishes not Anglocentric. Be sure to try the liver parfait and arugula salad.
The beer  selection was as good as it needs to be for a good gastropub.  Try the chocolate beer but add rye and a raw egg at your own risk.
While noise levels were high on every level, up the steep stairs seemed quietest (however use caution going down after hoisting a pint or two).
All in all a good time should be had by all.
Cheers.So this has overall been one of my favorite brunch spots in the city. I stopped in around noon on a Sunday and was promptly waited on.  Even though the restaurant was full and busy, service was excellent. I had mentioned to the maitre d' how much I love the Pimm's Cup and as soon as I was seated, my server asked me immediately if he could "get a Pimm's cup going".  I said sure.  Then, we had the following:
PIMM'S CUP Pimm's #1, fresh cucumber, orange, lemon, strawberry. Delicious in every way.  Please do yourself a favor and instead of ordering them a la carte, go ahead and "order a pitcher." 
PINK GRAPEFRUIT burnt sugar, mint, honey $4.50.  Quite deliciouus.  I actually want to try my hand at making this at home.  It is relatively simple too.
BENEDICT canadian bacon, hollandaise sauce, toasted english muffin   14
ENGLISH BREAKFAST two eggs any style, cumberland sausage, black pudding, tomato, mushroom, smoked bacon, fried bread, baked beans   16
Please also do yourself a favor and get a side of Applewood Smoked Bacon.  You will not regret it.  Your arteries may.
The Dessert I had was the London Underground and from what the server told me, it had just been launched.  I can forsee this dessert sticking around for quite awhile.  Tasted amazing.  
STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING  vanilla ice cream.  This was also pretty good.  Can't go wrong here.  I've had this one many times and it is good every time. 
I loved the decor and the feeling that you were sitting in a small English dining room.  There are several such rooms in the multi-floored restaurant and each has its own unique intimate theme and feel. 
They have some unique seating opportunities such as two tables set up in a living room type area in front of a fireplace.One of the best restaurants in the city! I especially love have drinks by the fire place on the second floor before sitting down to eat. My favorite burger in the city!I LOVED this place. I wanted to go back two nights in a row. I had the salmon and it was the most perfectly cooked piece of fish I have EVER had (and I just moved here from California). I also loved the ambiance of the bar and the rooms. I can't wait to go back!! Can't forget the great service too!!!Dined in this spot for a business lunch last week. It was late in the afternoon (after 1:15pm), but still bustling! Our party of 5 had made reservations and had no wait for our table.
Our server had a great personality -- very friendly, sense of humor, attentive. The wait time for our beverages and food was satisfactory. 
The menu is not expansive -- just one page and no specials -- but they seem to offer options for everyone nevertheless. A few of us shared the deviled eggs as an appetizer. I had the crab risotto, which looked a bit nondescript but did not disappoint! It was the perfect temperature. The (real) crab was sort of shaved on top in thin chunks. Lots of flavor -- had a nice kick. They offer fun drinks, too (both alcoholic and non-alcoholic); I enjoyed the rose lemonade "soda."
Everyone tried something different: One person got the shepherd's pie, which came in a small crock/bowl but was the "perfect size" for the person who ordered it. Someone else got the famous fish and chips. (I tried a French fry -- it was yummy!) I heard no complaints from the folks who ate the burger and roast beef sandwich.
The decor is charming. It seems a little cramped inside, but we were not uncomfortable. There are single-toilet bathrooms that could use some major updating, but were clean enough and functional. 
Cute place! Glad we visited; I'd go again.I love their brunch and I love the atmosphere. Steven Starr has a win in this one!Great fast service at the bar with Eddie.
Every dish was pretty good.
Pork terrine - BREAD
Smoked salmon and trout pate - BREAD
Chicken duck liver parfait - BREAD
THESE FIRST 3 had crazy thick plentiful amounts of bread.  I felt like I should make a sandwich.  
Butter lettuce salad 
Pork belly - entree size?  Huge 4-5" square, first time I've seen such a big piece.  Delicious, tangy rich flavor, lean pork could be more tender.Never really Enjoy the food here but the drinks are fun and so is the atmosphere- if anything my favorite is their brunchI had the best new years eve dinner at the dandelion. It was a very busy night but we still got a table and got our food on time. Would love to go back again!Look, you either love Steven Starr's Disney-esgue perfect restaurant creations, or you don't.  Never cheap,  yet reasonably priced - depending upon how you define "value".  Like Disney, you don't get out cheap, but you get an experience.  Many will say that you can get better/equal food/drink cheaper elsewhere.  Yes, you can.  I think that if you can absorb the exquisitely detailed interpretations of the culinary and architectural experiences Starr conveys, you can deal with the cost differential.
Back to The Dandelion:  English Country Cottage.  To me, just go to the "Dog Bar" on level 2.  No disrespect to the blazing fireplace and fun bar on level 1, but the cute doggy decor in this bar and small dining area really make for a great experience.  Super cute.  
Great crafted cocktails.  Dark and Stormys.  Pimm's Cups.  A bunch of other mixes.  Heaven.
My food at any of Starr's places is always good, if not OMG.  But I come here to people watch, soak in the interiors/exteriors, and chat up an eclectic mix of patrons.Despite the mixed reviews, we ventured over to Dandelion for a Saturday lunch and had no problem getting seated.  We started with the Mac and Cheese, which was one of the cheesiest versions I'd ever seen, based mostly on the pizza-style layer of cheese over the top of the baked dish - we didn't love the cheddar.  I ordered the House Blend Aged Beef Burger medium rare, which came closer to medium, but appreciated the tasty bacon, "special sauce", and lively strips of pickles.  I also liked the thick-cut chips (read: fries) that were perfectly salted.
When you get the bill, check out the feedback cards with a Dandy Lion
sporting a dandelion.  We spruced him up with a few extra flourishes
to his outfit, but he was pretty spectacular to start.I love this place. I always go to the upstairs bar. Drinks and food are amazing. Service is excellent as well. Went for New Years as well and it was a very relaxed crowd.First of all, this was my first Steven Starr restaurant experience and I am glad to see it lives up to the hype! The decor of the restaurant, outside and in, is eclectic but somehow it all works. A mixture of hogwarts, Alice and wonderland, and...dogs? (Yes we sat in the infamous dog room and yes, we know why they call it the dog room). They make it work.  
Boyfriend and I had a reservation for Saturday at 12:15 and even though we were slightly late, they graciously allowed us to maintain our reservation. He ordered the brioche French toast with a side of bacon, and I had the eggs Benedict with bubble and squeak (a first for me!)
This was one of the best brunches I've ever had. I'm probably the world's biggest eggs Benedict fan, but i clearly haven't lived until I completed this dish. The hollandaise sauce with a tinge of smokey steak sauce was the perfect accompaniment to beautifully soft, poached eggs. 
Boyfriend was in heaven with his French toast. The chantilly cream was literally heaven, as was the texture and flavor of the French toast. 
The service sets the standard and the menu options were creative and perfectly executed. I would wholeheartedly come again.WOW.  I went here a few weeks ago with my main squeeze and it was WAY better than I thought it would be.  In general, I'm not very into typical English cuisine but the dishes weren't really classic English dishes.  To start we shared the coq au vin risotto and the house made ricotta.  BOTH WERE SO INCREDIBLE.  I am a huge fan of risotto and have never had this combination but will desperately try to reinvent this sometime soon.  The house made ricotta was so mouth watering I went back later that week just to get that.  I basically just spooned the ricotta into my mouth.  Our dinners were great, although my boyfriend won in ordering as he had this mouthwatering pork belly over lentils and I got a more typical steak frites dish (very good but not outstanding).  I'm giving this five stars because the appetizers were so incredible.  The one down side - with drinks and three courses we ended up spending around 140$ which is pretty steep even considering I had an 80$ gift certificate.  My advice: go with a friend and share three appetizers.  The risotto was 13$ and could definitely be an entire meal for me.  And watch out for the drinks! They're delicious but for the price I'd just have one and enjoy the food!!One of my favorite places to stop by the bar and have a drink and a few small bites.  My favorite bar bites are the deviled eggs and the roasted nuts.  The Beer Flip is a unique drink choice and they switch the type of beers up for the season.Had breakfast here- not many interesting options, but the eggs benedict with smoked salmon was solid. However, it was $16 and came with nothing else on the plate- could have used a tiny salad, or a few pieces of fruit or something. The orange juice was fresh-squeezed but very small.I went here with a large group for my friend's birthday party. She worked with a coordinator to choose a special menu that they printed up. I started withthe terrine, which was amazing. My main course was the shepherds pie which was rich and delicious. Finally, I finished the meal with the toffee pudding. It was incredibly sweet and rich, which wasn't bad. I just couldn't finish it all. I highly recommend this place for your special events.Great restaurant with lots of space, but broken up so you can usually find a table but don't feel like you're in a cafeteria. Then there's the drink...great beer selection and good wines too. Lastly, the food is all done well. Could be tempting to mail it in for a pub, but everything tastes great and clearly benefits from attention to detail.This place is great for so many reasons. Want just a beer or some wine? It has the perfect pub feel, with a great selection of things to nibble on. 
I've been there for tea, lunch and dinner. Everything is pretty solid on the menu, and always comes out delicious. 
My only peeve is that they could and should extend their beer selection a bit more. Definitely do recommend booking a reservation and you never know how packed it'll be, especially for dinner.Happy hour is from 5-7. $5 wines, $4 beers. Appetizers are very small plates and limited selection. The atmosphere is cool. Intimate and classic, minus the stuffed animals as decor. I chose to move past that, vegetarian here, so very biased on that front. Glad I came to check this place out!
The Welsh rarebit is quite tasty.I came here for a normal lunch on a weekday - which turned into a leisurely 3 hour meal followed by afternoon tea. That's what this place does to you - when you step into this restaurant, you are literally transported to a traditional English restaurant, nicely decorated with exposed wood panels and floral tableware. 
We started with the deviled eggs and the chicken & duck liver parfait. Both were excellent choices, but the chicken & duck liver parfait is an absolutely MUST. The parfait tasted extremely fresh and the waitress even gave us more of that delicious soft toast when she saw that we still had some spread left.
I ordered the rabbit pie, which was extremely extremely hot, but really yummy. It seemed small - about 6 inches in diameter - but stuffed with super creamy filling and  and I only ended up being able to finish about half of it. Definitely a heavy dish if that's what you're looking for. Some of my friends got the fish and chips, which were unlike any I had seen before. Instead of strips of fish, there was only one really big piece of fried fish, so just keep that in mind when you order it.
For dessert, we ordered the cheesecake (I can't seem to remember what the actual name was on the menu) and the sticky coffee pudding which were excellent. The cheesecake was so light and fluffy but not too sweet. The sticky coffee pudding was AMAZING but you should order this to share with everyone because it's just way too sweet after a few bites. 
We had a relatively large party (8) and the service was a bit slow but that's to be expected. Definitely give this place a try if you have lots of time to enjoy your meal!This place has an impeccable ambiance and location. If you can get a table in the window, you will love the spot. Service is quick and the wait staff is very attentive. Although the setting deserves 5 stars the food does not. I went for brunch and got an omelet which was only subpar. I tried both the mimosa and Bloody Mary (as both are my favorites) and neither were praiseworthy. 
One thing I can say, if you are there for brunch order the scones! They are amazing and served with a great jam.I ordered the Beef and chips I wanted medium but the beef came out more like medium well so it was too dry for my liking (-1) but with water crest leafy it was okay. I also had the Crab cake cod chili cakes crispy with aioli sauce. The appetizer comes with three golf ball sized crab cakes ... Wish there were more! 
Pimms cups watery and too much ice wheres the alcohol?! (-1)Came here on a Saturday night for a romantic birthday and they surpassed my expectations on service, food, drinks, and atmosphere. When we arrived, they told us that we would have to wait a few more minutes before we were seated and suggested that we wait by the bar, so we did. While we waited, I had the Scotch Honeysuckle and it was perfect, so perfect I had three of them after that. 
For dinner, I had the Crab Risotto and my date had the Rabbit Pie. Both dishes were amazing! My date was swooning over the Rabbit Pie and kept remarking on how tender and delicious the rabbit was. My Crab Risotto was fantastic, it was creamy, flavorful and cooked perfectly.  
Our server of the night was friendly, knowledgeable and attentive to our needs. If you do plan on coming here on a weekend night, I recommend making a reservation ahead of time as it seems that they get pretty busy.For the middle aged crowd, this restaurant is dark, crowded and noisy. Best table is upstairs near the window. Menu is eclectic and promising, but the food was salty. Caesar was very good. Crab cake and crab risotto lacked crab flavor. Duck bolognese was dry and pasta overcooked. Place was packed and bar full,I think I finally found a Starr that I will frequent. You can read through my reviews of the empire of Stephen Starr's eateries and my less than glowing feel towards what he has to offer. However, after a meeting downtown I found myself feeling a bit adventurous and wanted to go out for drinks and dinner by myself in a new place. 
I passed by Dandelion and figured after hearing good reviews from my best friend, that I would give it a go. I was fairly impressed by the overall experience. The beer list was loyal to the atmosphere (a lot of English styles), while it still offered enough variety. The entire menu was exciting and I found myself debating between several things. Being my first trip and being a huge burger fan, I figured I'd give theirs a whirl. I'm not going to herald this as the greatest burger I have ever had, but the uniqueness of the ingredients made it worth the order.
My favorite thing about my trip to Dandelion was the cocktail. I'm a beer guy, but when I saw this cocktail I had to try it. The Summer Beer Flip! It tasted like freshness, that's the only thing I can say. It was gin, pilsner, raw egg, cinnamon, marmalade and chocolate. Sounds strange, but man was it good!Awesome spot to grab drinks and dinner in a really cool atmosphere.   They have my favorite beer in the world here as well Weinstepehener hefeweizen.  Glad we discovered this place thanks to Yelp.Absolutely love it here! The chicken liver mousse is a must have. The service is always great here and we really love the upstairs dog themed room. If you're near Rittenhouse it's definitely worth checking out!Dandelion is a great place for brunch and I've found for afternoon tea as well, especially when you find yourself hungry at a weird time of day (3 PM) on a cold rainy Monday looking for somewhere warm and inviting to eat. We came today for their afternoon tea after finishing up at a museum a little earlier than planned. We didn't partake in their adorable tea sandwich tiers this time. We've had them before and they were both delicious and pretty to look at. This time we opted for tea based cocktails (i had the green tea mint mojito and my husband had the chamomile lemonade - both were delicious) and shared an order of the deviled eggs (the filling had a little zing - I'm wondering if it was either curry or colemans mustard), the roast beef sandwich (the beef melts in your mouth and is perfectly paired with a hearty bread and spring mix side salad) and a side of chips (thick cut fries perfectly salted). While the desserts sounded yummy we opted out this time, but I'd definitely like to come back to try the petite pastries which sounded perfect after a lovely afternoon tea. Bottom line - dandelion is a great choice anytime of day, but their afternoon tea isn't something that everyone offers in the city and it's a nice little treat!  Check it out!I LOVE this spot. They have tea everyday and all of the treats including scones and short-bread are delicious. The brunch dishes and regular entrees are amazing too. Try the bubble and squeak---so tasty!Ah, brunch how we love you. I took the husband to Philadelphia for a birthday weekend and of course we had to go out for brunch.  This was a pure Yelp find and our friends used OpenTable to secure reservations which we highly recommend.
Four of us enjoyed a variety of breakfast options, however we were all highly impressed and in love with the lobster Mac and cheese.  We split this entree as an app and were happy we did.  One person could eat it but would probably be a bit heavy, as in you might not be able to get up from the table.
I loved the design of this place - it felt like you were in someone's old home. There were nooks and crannies and creaky rooms to explore. 
Service was great and we would recommend this place for brunch.Delicious food with a home cooked feel. Even though British food is not my favorite, the Dandelion persuaded me otherwise.Really nice and vintage-like environment! I went there for afternoon tea with a couple of girlfriends. There were 6 of us and we order the Royal Occasion (which came with four cups of tea), Down the Rabbit Hole and another set of 4 cups of tea. We were able to order the Chai tea and the Mint tea (both highly recommended). The staffs were really accommodating to our different dietary needs (i.e diary free and meatless sandwiches). The chef organized the different finger foods into specific tiers so that it was easy for us to tell which sandwiches for vegetarian freely or dairy free. 
Overall all the savory snacks were really good! The mini lava cake and the mini raspberry tart were amazing. Really good for people who like sweets but nothing really sweet. 
We got one of the mad hatters drink called the Cow Punch. It wasn't particularly good since the alcohol was overpowering the tea mix.Is it wrong to talk about how much I loved the bread? Soft and warm on the inside with a crunchy crust, served with salted butter = true love. The cocktails were delicious. The food was delicious. A little loud and crowded in the bar. I wish I could come back to try more of the traditional English dishes!A great atmosphere in a building that is one of a kind.  The rooms and tables make you feel like your eating in someone's house.  The fish and chips were outstanding as was the burger.  If you like pub food, this is the place for you.My first time to The Dandelion did not prove to be a wasted trip. My friend who lives nearby has been asking me to go try it out. I finally decided to take her up on it and go in for lunch today. I've been to London once before and have dined at some restaurants there. But I wasnt in the mood to experiment today and decided to go for the beer battered fish. My friend had the Shepherds.
It was amazing. It didnt quite taste like anything I've had in London but the consistency was just perfect for my taste buds. The price wasn't too out of the ordinary but I wasn't too pleased with the decor there. The place looked like a remodeled house and it was a bit too dark for me. Otherwise I would say that it was a very pleasant experience.The one place I always stop at when I visit Philly. The atmosphere is amazing, the people who work there are friendly and I still dream about the French Toast. It's by far the best meal I've ever had.To;dr: I had an amazing meal here; all of the bread I had was excellently baked, portions are larger than you think but you won't be displeased.
The ambience is evocative of an English pub - lace curtains, warm wood bar top, forest green walls adorned with mounted animal heads. It reminds you that a lot of what you're about to eat is considered game meat - rabbit, duck, lamb, etc.
The Welsh rarebit: this comes in a slice of thick, soft bread approximately two inches tall with a spread of seasoned rabbit on it. The slice must have been warmed in the oven, because the edges were crisp and crunchy and I loved how it contrasted with the fluffy white bread interior.
The duck liver pate parfait: one of the creamiest and really quite phenomenal pate mousses I've ever had the pleasure of eating. The bread it was served with was buttered and toasted, and it was also so thick that I really had to gape my mouth to chow it down. I also really enjoyed the fig jam it was served with - the sweet caramellyness cut the savory pate very well.
The smoked trout and salmon pate: this was served with rye bread, which was toothsome and dark and everything rye bread should be. It stood up well to the smoky fishy pate, of which there were generous portions of.
The most underwhelming dish I got was the oysters with the cucumber relish; only because there's only so much you can do to transform raw oysters and they were really quite small and insignificant.
Otherwise, I had a very yummy meal and I would totally come back to try their other wares.My wife and I went there for a nice lunch. Had the tier sandwich option. Most of the sandwiches were very tasty but the roast beef, tuna salad were just typical. Which is not bad but from Dandelion I expected more. The rest of the sandwiches were terrific though. As always the service was perfect. They even brought a bowl of water out for our pup.The service is professional, but not annoyingly so. We had a table for a party of 7 and had a great time. The deviled eggs were yummy and the turkey club was quite popular around the table. My mom joined us for this meal and she makes the world's best macaroni and cheese - but she noted that the Mac and cheese at the Dandelion is almost as good as hers. Humility isn't one of her strong suits!
The food is great and the ambience is even better!  Be sure to check out the dog room with its awesome bulldog bar.  The fireplace downstairs is a great spot to sit if you're early for your reservation after a long day of shopping on Walnut Street. 
This was my third time at the Dandelion and I have to say it's my favorite place to eat when I visit Philadelphia!I recently came here on a Saturday night for a friend's birthday dinner. It didn't feel like an overly-trendy Steven Starr restaurant, so that was a plus. It really does feel like a legit English pub, only bigger, cleaner and much better organized than anyplace you'd find in London. But the music selection was waaay off-base. That's the only thing that distracted from the otherwise spot-on ambiance.
The beer selection was fantastic, and the food was amazing! Fish balls, pork pate, Cumberland sausages were all fantastic, but the pork tenderloin stole the show. Our server Mary was great; fun but professional, and great with making suggestions.
No complaints from anyone in our party. I would definitely visit again.Delicious Brunch.
Started off the meal with an order of the devilled eggs and the Chicken/Duck Liver Parfait...delicious choices...The devilled eggs had a touch of paprika on top which added a nice kick to cut down the mayo taste...the Parfait was accompanied by some nice toasted brioche bread and also an AMAZING grape chutney...Heavenly...for our main dish..we split an order of the fish and chips...(felt like london...delicious, flaky and NOT Greasy)..we also got the english breakast...(you don't see this at a lot of places...the black pudding was a treat)...
Only reason I didn't give this place 5*'s is because the silverware and the glasses were all pretty dirty,.the waitress did quickly switch them over for us and apologized...I stopped in here with my better half to meet a friend who was in town visiting. The menu looked pretty decent and I had walked by a few times - it looks totally charming - so we decided to eat here for lunch. The meal was alright, though not as good as I would think it would be considering the food is not cheap. I wouldn't say it is ridiculously overpriced, nor would I say it is cheap. But, for what you pay, you might expect slightly higher quality ingredients and presentation. The atmosphere is great and it's easy to see why this place gets so crowded even during the middle of the week at lunch. But, the atmosphere is definitely better than the food.The Dandelion is so cozy and welcoming.
After many months of talking about making a reservation, Lindsay V. and I finally accomplished our inaugural trek in last Wednesday. We were seated upstairs for dinner in the floral/springy room near the window, and it set the backdrop for a great meal.
I started with the red sangria ($10) and while I wish it had more fruit in it (sangria should be fruity! always!), it was still superb and a good mid-week kick. Lindsay urged me to try one of her beets from her jar app, and was quite pleased when I liked it. She's right -- those purple things do taste like pickles.
For my meal, I took the safe route and kinda wish I hadn't. There were other options that looked pretty good, but I did (surprise) go for the chicken dish ($24). Was it worth the price tag? No. Was it good? Yes, indeed. It came with bubble and squeak, which may be my new favorite British food to say, and roasted carrots. I usually abhor carrots, but those did not taste like regular carrots. Way to go, Dandelion! First time in my life that I've ever liked carrots!
I was stuffed by the time I was done with my meal, and I had enough for lunch the next day, which is always the mark of a good dish and makes the wallet hurt a little less, in my opinion.
If you haven't been, I'd definitely recommend a visit. It's just so cute in there.One of my fav places despite the bad rep that English pub fare typically gets. I've frequented Dandelion quite a few times in the past few years and I really love the feel of the place--inmate dining and bar areas without feeling stuffy. They have pretty great happy hour specials but my most recent trip (3 days ago) was for brunch and those Queen Mary bloody marys are HEAVENLY!! I paired it with my go-to snack of chicken and duck liver parfait which is just phenomenal. I'll be back as soon as the gluttonous guilt subsides (so...probably today).No, don't come here expecting anything spectacular. Got a burger that had literally no flavor and just ended up dumping loads of ketchup on. Fries were good. Also took an hour to get seated on a random Tuesday evening and had to sit at the bar where there was barely enough room for the plates ugh. Expected more, and left disappointed.Been here a few times and had the burger, beef cheek and the rabbit pie all were amazing. great cocktails, atmosphere and staff. A little pricy but worth it you want all three! Definitely one of my favorite places in and around Philadelphia.Intro:
A wonderful British interpretation of the new gastropub, with the environment to match.
Basics:
1. Haven't had beef tartare this good in a while. They use a roasted shallot vinaigrette which gives it a piquantness that is new and appreciated in a dish that can be one dimensional or over complicated.
2. You can't go wrong with any of the charcuterie plates. I'm a sucker for liver so the Chicken and duck liver tray was a hit. 
3. House burger was good, I'd say a good 3.5 stars. I felt that the bun was a bit dry. Bacon was a plus.
4. The half-a-chicken was stellar. Wonderfully seasoned, never dry. I'm glad they just topped it off with the chicken reduction/jus. Again, simple dish kept simple; no complicated sauces.
5. Wine selection is pretty fair but is eclipsed by the beer offerings by far. 
Conclusion: 
Great meal in a terrific environment. Come early before your reservation, have an aperitif at the bar, and enjoy the little details of this establishment.The Dandelion is a british type gastropub/brunch place. The atmosphere and ambiance is very unique and there are multiple rooms with different decorations inside. 
We got three dishes, the English Breakfast, a salmon pate, and bangers and mash. I enjoyed the salmon pate because it had a nice salmon flavor without being too fishy, and the fish was not too raw or too overcooked. Overall the texture was very nice.
Unfortunately I liked the bangers and mash less. The sauce and gravy itself was decent - salty with a strong onion flavor. The two pieces of sausage included were less great. I felt like they lacked a lot of sausage flavor and maybe were too bland. The English breakfast had bacon but I felt like it was slightly too smoky. The sausage in that dish was very similar to the bangers and mash, and it also had a very mild 'gasoline' type flavor. The egg also could have been fried a little more.
Overall the prices seemed a little high for simple food. The main dishes were around $16 but I did not think they were too special. 
The final conclusion: Good for the ambiance and maybe small appetizer dishes, but don't come for regular brunch food done well.The food was good but the whole experience was very disappointing.  The service was awful, the waiter was extremely rude, I don't even know his name because he never introduced himself. Twice food was set down on the table and we had to ask for plates and utensils and got an attitude. The final straw was when the waiter came over and said " you are getting free dessert because apparently you were not happy with my service". He then set down 2 desserts for 10 people. An email to corporate was answered and we were told that our whole party would be invited back to "Enjoy the Dandelion experience as it was meant to be enjoyed." We later received a voucher in the mail for $125.  Our bill was almost $500 so apparently they think we will all come back and spend another couple of hundred. No thanks.(Posting this very late) Had a fantastic Valentine's Day lunch here and can't wait to go back for dinner (still haven't been back for dinner, so it goes). By far the best fish & chips I've ever had, really great deviled eggs, and my date's butter lettuce salad was great as well. The service was perfect, with the host and our waitress coordinating the delivery of flowers I had purchased to our table at the end of the meal. The atmosphere is very welcoming and I love all the decor.My first trip to Philly - decided to find a local pub with some friends. The Dandelion was a fantastic choice. It's a quaint pub, nice classic look, and really captures a great taste of old Philly. Just love the real wood everywhere, nice little sectioned off rooms, and a well place bar to finish it off. Great place for a date night or a group of friends. Food was outstanding - I posted what I had. My friends also really enjoyed their meals. Staff was great and made a lasting impression on our first night. This place is a 100% stop if you are in Philly.Great service and everything we had was delicious--right down to the bread that came with the appetizers. Loved the risotto I ordered! It had a kick to it.I've been here twice for bunch and it's always a good experience. 
The first time I went I split the scones, cheese plate, and salmon eggs Benedict with some friends and it was very good! 
The second time I got the traditional English breakfast and the SO got the bubble and squeak. These also were very tasty!  
I love that they have sparking water for free and their selection of brunch cocktails and beers an ciders are always great. I look forward to visiting them again soon!
The only downside is that the service is not the best. They are often busy and it seems that the waitstaff is often spread thin. Either that, or they just haven't been terribly attentive. It can be a long time between the waitstaff's visits to the table. But aside from this, it's a great spot in Philly!My husband and I decided to go for Brunch today since we have been wanting to try this place for awhile, and we don't live nearby. I must say the Brioche French Toast was absolutely amazing so we'll definitely be back again! I'd also like to have dinner here sometime as well. We also had fabulous bacon and sausage. To drink, just tea and coffee which were both very good. I would not get the spinach cheddar omelet again though. The service was excellent. Must try this place sometime yourself if you haven't already!The only reason I didnt give this restaurant 5 stars is because it is very loud. It's a cozy pub atmosphere. Upstairs it is bright and airy. A lot of pub food on the menu and also delicious salads for those who enjoy lighter fare. Service is excellent. I will return and recommend it to others.Really great spot! The space is very unique and has a chill, old school vibe. The burger was one of my favorite anywhere!From NOLA, in town for a convention.  Picked this place based on it's late night hours and Yelp reviews.  Thank God I did!
The best salad I ever ate.  Go here, they play with food in a wonderful way.  The service is great and the drinks are great too.  And homemade bread with your meal!!!Such a cute restaurant! The dishes are all great, and they have some great drinks too. Don't skip out on dessert... We had the special, a s'mores dish, and it was amazing.I loved this place!  The decor was really cool and I was eating alone and they had these cute little tables for 1 set up on the 3rd floor.  There were so many delicious sounding dishes on the menu that it was difficult to decide what to order.  I had the house-made ricotta and instead of bread, my waitress suggested she could bring me some apple slices because I have a wheat allergy.  The ricotta was amazing!  You have to try it.  I also thought the apple slices paired really nicely with it.  For my entree, I had the crab risotto which was delicious.  I really enjoyed eating here and I would absolutely want to eat here again if I come back to Philadelphia.Had brunch with family after several unsuccessful attempts at getting a table.  The place certainly lives up to the hype..  Great, eclectic menu choices and terrific food.  Service was excellent, even as we were a party of 6.  Atmosphere really nice, somewhat noisy but not nearly as bad as some other brunch places in the area.  Will be going backMy first thought in Starr's new place was "Does everyone have an accent who works here? Is it a job requirement?" 
Don't get me wrong, I love a good irish brogue but it was a little disconcerting to hear differing accents from all directions. I sat at the upstairs bar with my sister while waiting for the rest of our lunch companions. We had reservations for lunch at 2PM on a Saturday afternoon...once our party arrived we were promptly seated. 
The highlight of my meal was the drink that I ordered at the bar. The specialty drink list is not extensive but it's definitely unique. I ordered the one vodka based drink because yes..i like vodka. It was a apple juice vodka concoction that was absolutely delicious. It was refreshing and tasted like fresh squeezed apple juice but better and not cloyingly sweet. The bartender, i didn't catch his name,  was friendly and efficient and made really great drinks. I sampled my sister's gin based drink and that was also refreshing. And at the table,  someone else ordered a gin based cocktail that featured Pimms and cucumber that was also great and unique almost savory like a dirty martini but much more complex.
My meal was OK. Nothing to brag about but nothing to complain about either except for the price. I felt everything was priced a tad too much for my liking. I probably would not return for a full meal but I will definitely be back for more cocktails. My recomendation is to go to the upstairs bar and look for the bartender with (what I think is) a British accent and a full sleeve of ink on one of his arms. The drinks that he slings  - will make your night !Love it here! Brunch, Lunch and Dinner are all so, so, so yummy. It's cozy, it's beautiful, it's like a plane-ticket to London. Staff is great. LOVE their beer list. 
It's a little loud, a little crazy during the crazy hours, but what good restaurant isn't?Christie the bar Keep, who was friendly, helpful, attentive and kind, yes, kind. a rare attribute these days, suggested the Heirloom tomato salad with balsamic vinegar and the fish and chips. With both I have never had better in a restaurant, in my life.
We grow our own organic tomatoes and this salad was like eating at home. A variety of tomatoes, so fresh and flavorful. The fish and chips, a big solid piece of cod, fried in a light batter tasting like the French donuts, Benoit . The house made tartar sauce and ketchup, the long steak fries, perfection. We also had the Fordham Brewery out of Delaware, Ram's head IPA CASK beer!!! Wow!!!! They also have two other cast beers: Duck Rabbit Milk Stout and Four Hand Contact high, American Pale wheat.
Yes! Three Cask beers to choose from. A definite repeat performance for me in the future!!We stopped here Independence day for drinks and apps. I really enjoyed the deviled eggs. The warm olives were not for me, but our friends enjoyed them.This place is awesome and always packed. Their brunch is one of my favorites in Philly but be prepared to wait for a table. Get the hot fresh scones and homemade jam.Good food. Only had the happy hour but want to definitely go back for dinner. Some food had too much horseradish, like the salad dressing but the service was great. Attentive and so friendly.I was staying nearby on business travel and relied on yelp to help me find a place for dinner, and boy am I glad I did! This place far surpassed my expectations. I know that British cuisine is not synonymous with flavorful, fresh food for most, but the Dandelion menu has a farm-to-table angle and really delicately flavored dishes that are right on the money. I had a baby gem caesar salad to start that was complete with fresh dill pickles, pickled onions, fresh parmesan, and anchovies: it was awesome. I had the rabbit pie for my main course, which was delicate, tender, and perfectly seasoned, and a bakewell tart for dessert (nothing like the icing topped ones out of the box for anyone familiar with British foodstuffs) that came with a lemon buttermilk sorbet. I only wish I had gone with more people so I could have tasted additional dishes!Been here twice now and my impressions are:
- Burger is good but overpriced.  Mine had a a large piece of cartilage in it.  Fries are very thick and a bit mealy on the inside.
- Cocktails are good but not terribly original for the price.
- Decor is quaint.
- Do you really need 2 hostesses? Mostly they just stand around and chat with each other.
Now that I've been here, I don't think I would come again.I visited the Dandelion on a night out with friends, having been dying to go here for ages. The second I walked in, I loved the decor. Kitschy and woody, this place definitely sends out the "English pub" vibe. It was quite crowded when we (a party of five) walked in, so we were only able to get some standing room and a couple of stools near the wall. We ordered from the bar, which had very fast service and nice selection of ales and stouts (though neither beer is my thing, to tell the truth). We weren't hungry, but the menu looked intriguing (and pricey). I would like to come back here for some food, but the Dandelion is a solid four stars with ambiance and atmosphere for me!My husband and I have been looking for a good gastropub and came across The Dandelion. WOW! We were super impressed with the menu and it delivered in taste!
The bartender (Kevin) was super nice and helpful, as well the entire staff.  The food was stellar. We started with the Pickled Beet Root Jar...it was amazing. Best goat cheese we've ever had.  We also shared a Caesar salad. It was a bit different than your everyday Caesar and we really enjoyed it. 
We then shared a variety of items...the Berkshire Pork Terrine (amazing), the Curried Crab, Cod & Chili Cakes with green jalapeño, malt vinegar mayonnaise, and the Marinated Bar Olives (soooo good!).  
It was nice to see a traditional British themed restaurant that had more than Sheppard's pie and fish and chips (although, I'm sure there they are fantastic!)I'm not sure if I just didn't get the right dish, but I was really disappointed by the brunch I had at The Dandelion last weekend. My friend and I each ordered a version of their Eggs Benedict, and for a pretty hefty price ($14?), the portions were teenytiny and looked very hastily put together. My Eggs Benedict was very sad looking and tasting :(
With that said, I was a big fan of the atmosphere of the restaurant - would love to return for afternoon tea!Best Caesar salad ever. I am addicted to Caesar salads, and they pushed it up a notch with addition of pickled onions, slices of dill pickles, and capers. Truly delicious. Also had the fish and chips - best fry job I've ever seen - and the burger, which was rich and completely satisfying for any omnivore.
Chips are thick cut potato fries and perfectly crisped and browned.
Good wine selection and cocktail list. Also very cool ambience, evoking a kind of living room/hunting room of some British mansion, you can even sit on a couch in front of a fireplace to eat. Also accommodated a very late reservation and the waitstaff was wonderful, even at 10pm!Their food is amazing as well. Had the best damn chocolate pot I've ever tasted, plus a cauliflower dish and a crabcake dish that was DIVINE. In addition to great cocktails, yummy food, and really nice atmosphere, our server was so nice and knowledgable as well. Prices are mid-level in my opinion, nice for a Friday out with a friend or significant other.Solid work across the board. I had the pork chop Milanese which was great, wife had steak and chips which was pretty good. Only complaint is that they are trying too hard with the pulled beers, I would have liked one traditional English ale along with the IPA and other American styles.Great vibe, great service and hearty food and drink. Beautiful interior too. What more could you ask for?So it was a bit pricey here, BUT the drink was amazingly delicious, and I got to sit in front of a wood-burning fireplace while I drank.
In addition the staff was so beyond friendly and helpful.
I'm definitely gonna explore this place more.One of my favorites for brunch. I've never had to wait to get a table, the atmosphere is so quaint and perfect for brunch, and the food is great.I had a great experience here. The restaurant is located in a really pretty building with 3 floors and many different rooms for a variety of dining experiences. 
It was a little confusing when we entered because we had to go to a different corridor to find the hostess stand. The host was friendly and led us to our table in the 'bar room' or the 'dog room' (heard someone else refer to it differently.) Well, there was definitely a bar that sat around 5 people and many, many pictures/drawings/painting/statues of dogs. Kind of funny, but somehow not cheesy. 
Decor-pretty dark, sort of romantic, but not necessarily fancy
Music-a lot of punk/rock stuff like Ramones, Weezer, Rolling Stones, Bowie and such
Menu-although its pegged as 'British fare' there were some specifically italian items. We had delicious homemade ricotta (thick like labneh) and a perfectly ripe selection of heirloom tomatoes in a sweet balsamic. I could tell they used a high quality olive oil. They have a little bit of everything, seafood, meat and pasta dishes
Drinks-
Over 10 craft beers, interesting cocktails starting at $10 including pitchers of mixed drinks like Pimms, Dark & Stormy's and Sangria for around $40
Service-waitress was considerate w, appreciated that she told me how the Salmon is usually cooked. She stopped by soon after we received our meals to see how our 'first bites' were. A manager came around after our meal to check that it was 'great' !
Bathrooms-have the 'vacant' or 'occupied'  locks and are decorated with needlepoint pictures hanging from the walls
Food-
My salmon was delicious, sweetened with golden raisins and roasted rainbow cauliflower 
The steak was served with fries and greens, some watercress
Very cool spot without feeling pretentious. Chef driven spot with carefully thought out unique dishes prepared with care and attention to detail.This is an awesome place to go have a meal, The decor is unique and the food has always been tasty. Their wait staff have always been friendly to me and my guests. Ive dined here several times and each time enjoyed it as much as the previous.Red sangria! Smooth. Great olives.  Very cute atmosphere, different levels of seating (bar, fireplace! and larger parties).  I think the more formal area is upstairs, or saved for large parties.  Ordered cocktail shrimp and shepard's pie.  Great dinner for our welcome to Philly dinner.   Will be back for that fireplace and couch!I LOVE this place! The drinks are quirky and delightful. The rabbit dish was fantastic. I think brunch is better than the dinner, but both are wonderful!! The decor is charming, English and cozy. The service was tremendous. I've been here multiple times and always enjoy going back!Another great find in Philly. From the eclectic mix of old Victorian and farm inspired ambiance, to the trendy but approachable bar to the delicious food, The Dandelion was a fantastic choice for dinner. We chose the dandelion salad and the oysters to start. Both were fresh, light and tasty. The rabbit stew and lamb shepherd's pie were our entree choices. Both were well portioned and so yummy. All of the staff are friendly and happy to joke along with patrons. Such a fun experience. Definitely check out this restaurant if you're in the area. It's only a short walk from the Convention Center.Walked in on a Monday night around 8pm with a party of 2 after just arriving in philly. We were immediately seated at a high table next to the window looking out to the street. The atmosphere was very dim but quaint with a fireplace in the room. 
My friend and I started with the chicken and duck liver pate. It is served with enormous slices of bread  (literally have never seen bread so thick yet airy). It was great bit too smooth. Maybe too much butter.
My friend ordered the Mac and cheese for her entree and rest home. I ordered a salmon that was served on top cauliflower purée. Salmon was average. 
Probably wouldn't come back her when in philly again.Cozy find on a cold day! Stopped through for a nice comfortable brunch and were sat right away. I ordered the grilled chicken sandwich, and my friend ordered the shepards pie- both great choices. Good, quick service.I really like this place.  It has a homey atmosphere and the food is quite good.  It is in a convenient location and it is easily accessible from the suburbs or from center city.  I think that The Dandelion is very faithful to its British Pub roots.  I had the Shepard's Pie and it was made, correctly, with lamb and not with beef.  The menu is heavy on the comfort food which is great on a cold winter evening.  I was there in February and had a chance to warm up next to the fireplace on the second floor.  This is a fun place to have a meal.A close English pub to our hotel = Brilliant!  One as good as this place = even better!
We only made it as far as the bar as we were just having a few drinks.  Found a great spot at the bar and what a choice there is!  Great selection of tap beers and we really loved the ever-changing choices of hand-pulled, cask ales..........very delicious on the day we all visited.
Everyone we encountered were very pleasant and attentive, which made it an even better experience.
Definitely drop in for a beer or two and even though we didn't eat, the menu looks terrific.
See you soon.......So when will Yelp allow me to give 6 stars?
Absolutely everything about our experience was top notch and on point.  From the hostesses to the waiter, from the atmosphere to to the food, everything was great! 
The restaurant has real character and great themes to go with. I don't know all the history behind it (take the "Dog Bar" for example) but it just felt right. As someone who is visiting Philly I would highly recommend. Ideal for a date night, dinner with the parents, or any other occasion where you want amazing food in an interesting place.
Try the Tandoori Chicken!Overall good food and atmosphere. Try to get a table by the fireplace, very nice. Entrees are a bit pricey and small but quite tasty. Get the Welsh rarebit and deviled eggs to start, both are unique and very good. The rabbit pie entree was delicious and recommend it. Going back again soon!Holy smokes, gastropub dining doesn't get better than this. The only regret I have is not having two stomachs to enjoy all their entire menu.
The restaurant is turn of the century pub, with Stain Glass, Boars heads mounted on the wall, word molding everywhere, it's absolutely stunning. They have curtains over the doors so you don't blasted with cold air every time the door opens.
We had the scones which is portion-sized for 4 people, and I had the Bulleit Rye Apple Chai which was tangy, smart and very refreshing. 2 will get you where you need to be. The French Toast was thick, the Smoked salmon was great as it came with capers, pickles and the cream cheese was fresh.
Go here, right now. Seriously do it!Restaurant Week: this menu was exquisite! Dandelion Salad, Salmon, and Cheesecake dessert. Balanced flavors, perfect for the winter cozy night out I wanted for my "date night" with myself!Amazing place and excellent food.  We went for lunch and I was impressed with the layout of the restaurant, which spans over three floors and several small rooms.  The overall feel is coziness, accentuated by a wood burning fireplace on the second floor.  
The food was a delicious combination of British gastropub fare and American favorites.  The butter lettuce salad was fresh and tasty, and the fish and chips were light and crispy on the outside and steaming, flaky fillet on the inside, probably the best I've had anywhere, including England.  Service was excellent.  
I would definitely go back.My fiancé and I pass by this place often coming home from work and the exterior decor was just calling out to us to visit. And visit we did! The interior was both creepy and homey feeling with all the dog decor ALL over the place. As for food...I love their chicken and liver parfait. It was soooooo good!! The chutney and brioche bun really brings it all together. Delish!I have had the pleasure of dining here for lunch a few times.  Service is just dandy and the adorable decor adds to the warmth of the experience.  What also adds to the warmth is the hearty food on the menu.  Today, after posting up by the fire, we were seated downstairs.  It was definitely a little less toasty as group after group came in the door, but I can see that they are trying to avoid it.
In the past, I have had the pickled beats, which are awesome.  They also have a solid burger that I considered ordering again.  In an effort to try something new and to get in lots of carbs before I go New Year's Resolution crazy, we ordered the Welsh Rarebit and Mac and Cheese.  The Welsh Rarebit was tasty and filling.  The Mac and Cheese was ridiculous.  Maybe the best I ever had.  It came out bubbling and gooey and definitely helped me gain a few pounds before heading back out into the cold.Authentic English tavern, fish and chips was very tastyI had an OK experience here for lunch with a couple of my friends. We were all satisfied with our meals, but did not feel a very compelling reason to come back.
I'll start with the good stuff:
The wait staff were all really friendly, attentive and accommodating. We arrived a bit too early for our reservation, but they were able to seat us 15 minutes early. We opted to sit outdoors, which was on a little side street with little to no foot traffic. 
Now on to the food. I would absolutely recommend ordering the Shepherd's Pie. I didn't order that, but I stole a few bites from my friend's plate. It was fantastic, hearty and creamy (albeit a bit too salty). I ordered the fish and chips, and the "chips" were delectable! Warm, perfectly salted and fried.
Now on to the bad stuff. The unfortunate fish from the fish and chips. Let's be honest here. If you're going to have your wait staff sell this stuff as "award-winning", it better be damn good. But... I can't even say it was good. It was terrible. Was it even beer-battered? I couldn't even taste anything past the extremely overcooked fish. Rubbery, bland and greasy. I only had a few bites and had to pass on it. I bartered with my friend and ended up sharing my fries in exchange for some of her Shepherd's Pie.Eating here was probably one of my top five favorite dining experiences of the past year. I made a reservation for Sunday at 8 for my anniversary with my boyfriend. We arrived a bit early but the hostesses were still able to accommodate is right away. We were lead upstairs to a cozy and intimate pub area lit with just the right amount of dimness. My favorite part about the decor was definitely all the photographs and paintings of dogs that covered almost every surface of the walls.
          We were quickly greeted by our server Matthew who was very friendly, professional and knowledgable about the menu. My boyfriend and I opted to both do the 3 course Restaurant Week special for $35.00 a head which is a total steal considering how high quality the food is. Each coarse was more delicious than the one before it and when our desserts came out the server who ran our food put a little candle in one of them which was a really nice, sweet touch.
         Needless to say we both had a really amazing time at The Dandelion and I would definitely suggest anyone come here for a casual dining experience or a romantic, intimate date. I'm looking forward to the next time I eat there again.This review is from last fall. I have been many times since and always loved it. 
Yesterday was my first trip to Dandelion, I was incredibly surprised.  I've been to several other Steven Starr restaurants and been underwhelmed, not so with Dandelion.  I went with my girlfriend and had an incredible experience. We sat on the floor a few steps above street level where the hostess stand is located. Our table was next to a large mantle over a wood fire.  There was a brass tacked leather couch with 2 small tables between it and the fire as well as 2 low chairs on either side.  There was also a large dinner table with seating for 10 towards the front. The layout felt less like a restaurant and more like a living room with a fireplace and dining room table. Comfortable enough that we had lunch and a few drinks and before we knew it 3 hours had passed. Our server Emily made us feel right at home and spent a good amount of time going over some items on the menu that I was deciding between.  
Beverages-
They had an excellent selection of draft, bottled as well as canned beers. The specialty cocktail menu is also very well rounded and includes the "Pimms Deluxe" featuring Pimms #1.  I Chose the Oskar Blues Old Chub and she had the Stoudts seasonal draft, which was the Oktoberfest. Albeit 8% ABV, the Old Chub is a delicious Malty Scotch ale and was incredibly smooth sitting next to the fireplace. After eating we also each had a winter beer flip. The flip was a smooth mixture of Youngs Double Chocolate stout, Rum and Orange marmalade shaken into a frothy delicious treat. Kevin is the go-to guy if you need any recommendations or drink ideas, he'll mix you up something just right. 
 Food-
To start we split the pickled beetroot jar which had been recommended by my girlfriend, and it was delicious. Its the perfect combination of tastes and textures between the crunchy crostini and smooth savory goat cheese mixed with the bitter beets and salty olive tapenade.  Our entrees were the house blend burger and the warm roast beef sandwich. The burger was cooked precisely to my liking and came with fries that must have been triple fried in duck fat, no complaints there.  The roast beef was recommended by our server Emily and was certainly the best plate we had.  The roast beef was shaved perfectly thin and served between soft and crunchy slices of sourdough that soaked up the mixture of horseradish mayo and juices from the meat. The sandwich was accompanied by a very lightly yet perfectly dressed watercress salad. The freshness of all the ingredients is very apparent.
     The price point is comparable for the area and both the atmosphere and quality of food are hard to beat.  I would highly recommend Dandelion to anyone looking for an afternoon warming drink by a cozy fire to a group of friends going for happy hour ($2 deviled eggs and $3 beers?!?) or a dinner you won't soon forget. 
Trust me, try itAwesome place. Really loved it! Very different and novel menu and loved the service !This was a horrible experience for us. First they got my friends order wrong. Then my wife's food never came. Then to top it all off my friend to go bag had a roach on it... REALLY!!! Don't go here ever.Stephen Starr restaurant, has a very cool early 1900 British theme. Lots of small nooks and variety of spaces. Great feel. Good menu. Several good bars nearby, solid spot for date number 3+I went to this place for a night cap.  The kitchen was already closed and only a few people in the bar section.  It reminded me of a bar from the TV show "Cheers."Amazing drinks and good happy hour deals, as well as main dining food. Best during the fall/winter because of the cozy atmosphere, but always a good time.Loved the theme and decoration inside but food was another story! I got the lamb shepherd's pie and yes it was tasty but soooo tiny for $18.5. Definitely finished it quite quickly (probably within ~10 minutes). I thought it was just me but the person I was eating lunch with also didn't have a great time. She ordered the chicken salad on the menu and found that there was wayyyy too much dressing. She couldn't even finish the meal.
Even though it was gorgeous inside, I won't be finding myself coming back.I've come here twice. I really love the atmosphere of the place. The bar can get ridiculously packed. Dinner is truly where this place shines, it's quite romantic and candlelit. They have this lovely dinner area up the steps that has a couch, armchair, and a few stools in the center. On the side are a few high rise bar tables with wood chairs next to the window. They have a Pimm's pitcher (I think it serves around 4) and a few other cocktails at around $10-12 a piece, and $39 for the pitcher.
I have gotten the shepherds pie, rabbit pie, and fish and chips. Both pies are pretty small portions given that they're around $22 a piece. However, they are absolutely delicious. The rabbit is especially well seasoned and prepared, it's very succulent and tender; it does not taste gamey at all. The fish and chips are well-battered and served in very generous portions.I have been to Dandelion at least 4 times and every time the food is outstanding. The atmosphere makes it even more inviting; you feel like you're in England. Every detail is perfect. As for my favorite item on the menu? Probably the Welsh rarebit! I also love the fish and chips. I highly recommend.Favorite brunch. Recommend the grapefruit. Outdoor seating is great in summer.  It is the best.Went for dinner with my dad on a weeknight and the place was packed and really loud. We sat at a little table by the fire which was nice and cozy. Oysters were good, but the beet horseradish really detracted from the taste and texture of the oysters themselves. I had the shepherds pie and my dad had the fish and chips, both of which were good. Sitting by the fire for dinner was nice, but next time I go for dinner, I'll sit in the dining room.Oh surprise, the crowd is kinda dooshy at Starr's newest joint.  Get over that as soon as you can, because there is much there to enjoy.  The space is diverse to the point of questionable cohesion, but one forgets this easily when they're seated -especially if they're at the small fireplace lounge.  
The eats were great from the deviled eggs to the fish & chips, but nothing compared to the chicken & duck liver parfait. I'll put it against any cold foie gras I've had anywhere.  I want to empty out my fridge and just keep a small bucket of it on hand at all times.
As for drinks, the Pimms Cup serviced quite well and the Deep Blue Sea blew me away.  There are 2 kinds of shmancy tonic water to choose from and they had Old Tom Gin.  So a gin & tonic is a fine choice when you go.  
The beer selection is far from exotic, even wasting one precious slot on the 22-beer roster with Sam Adams Light.  The rest is comprised mostly of offerings from the likes of Fuller's, Brooklyn Brewing, and Guinness.  There were a few drafts i had never seen before, unfortunately our server got the flight mixed up.  She admitted she wasn't sure about which was which except, "this one is definitely the pale ale."  She pointed to our murky brown bitter.  
Still, the whole was greater than the sum of its parts, and we had a great time eating and drinking very, very well.Great fish & chips, and the beet appetizer and the deviled eggs were also yummy.  We went on a Thursday night at 9:30pm and there was no wait for a table.  Upstairs bar looked cozy, can't wait to go back to try it out.As close to an English village pub as I have seen outside of UK. Good food, great beer, excellent service! You will enjoy a nice casual friendly evening here!Just to make it clear, Dandelion is made of ideas stolen from me. I know it doesn't count since Stephen Starr made all my ideas come to life before I did...without really having to talk to or meet me, ever. (What a smart man you are!) 
The teapot with loose tea leaves? Yes! It was a part of my imaginary cafe I built in my head long ago. 
Buttercup lettuce with pomegranate with gorgonzola cheese and honey vinaigrette? Shut up!(said in a plastic's manner) I make that at home alllllll the time - without the cheese and the right dressing...wondered why mine was never a real success. This salad at Dandelion is a real win, though. 
Scallop cooked to perfection? I mean 100%? This is where you got better than me. I'll admit.
Mac and cheese. Enough said. Words cannot describe how delicious this thing was. I am melting in my own saliva just thinking about how savory this particular item was.
By dessert, I wish I had come with a dashing young man so we could do that PDA thing by the fire place surrounded by cute chairs, tables, tons of candlelights and mostly, undisrupted yet attentive service. 
Next time, hopefully...Quite Good.  Outstanding decor and service.  Food very good.  Had the Tikka Masala Muscles, which were a super flavor.  When they came out, the steam did not come off the pot at the "unveiling" as one might expect.  Steak for steak and chips a little overdone.  Hamburgers delightful.  Chips good.  A sauce other than Ketchup would be special.  Cider, Wine and Beer selection outstanding.Great.  They were fast, kind and chatty. I had the burger on recommendation and it was as advertised. Great. The feeling of an English Pub is spot on.Delicious! Best atmosphere. Very cozy and festive. Lots to look at. The top bar/room are dog themed. The bread is amazing - salt baked into the crust! The service was quick and informative. I'm not giving it 5 stars because the fish and chips was a bit mushyExcellent British food.  Particularly enjoyed the scones, real jam and clotted cream, but also the full British breakfast.  Serve excellent tea.  Nice service.  Excellent location in the heart of Philly.  Great atmosphere and decor.  Only disappointment was the lack of British draft beers.  If I want canned Boddingtons I would got to Wegmans.  How about adding Fullers beers on tap.  Highly recommend if you are in Philly.Food is good but not blow-your-mind amazing or anything. I absolutely love the ambience and decor, though. The drink menu is great!The drinks were perfect. Get a gin drink and speak in a British accent; it'll feel as British as you're going to get in philly.. The food was good, not quite great. I would definitely visit, if you haven't yet.One of my favorite places for drinks. Modeled after British pub and make a good Pimms. Love the look inside and out.I had dinner at the Dandelion with my parents (who were visiting for Thanksgiving) and the BF about a week ago. We got a table in the downstairs bar without reservations (nice that they keep that space free for walk-ins), and although it was a little loud, the atmosphere was great. The FOOD, however, was the real showstopper! Both the BF and I got the burger, and they were both cooked perfectly (mine rare, his medium-rare). The burger is crave-worthy! Great flavor, good size, and the garnishes were the perfect compliment. I ate half, and the other half reheated well for dinner the next night. Mom got the fish and chips, and seemed happy (but would have liked another piece of fish - one piece seems a little miserly for the price). My dad had the lamb shepherd's pie and practically licked the plate. PLUS the complimentary bread & butter were AMAZING (I may have asked for a second basket, just  to have leftovers to take home, ahem). Service was impeccable - attentive but not overly so. The BF and I have already talked about going back when we crave a burger!We came to the Dandelion for tea at the request of my sister, the bride to be. It's a big space with different rooms including bar areas. We had reservations and were seated upstairs- I'm not sure of the room but it was nicely decorated and had a big bay window.
The tea menu has three options, depending on how much food you want. We decided on the dessert option which had various sweet tea treats and a pot of tea. The desserts included various cookies, fruit tarts, cakes, and macarons. We shared the desserts which worked well for us.  
Service was good throughout our meal. The staff even put a sparkler for my sister in one of the desserts. Great option for tea!I was at the Dandelion recently the first time for a date and it really did not disappoint!
The entrances are a bit confusing, there's a bar area that has one entrance and another entrance to where the hostess booth is situated. The bar area was a bit noisy (it was a Saturday night) and I think you are seated there when you don't have a reservation for dining. So just a tip, if you want a more romantic atmosphere, make a reservation! I was quite glad our table was not placed there. The hostess booth is in another room to the left of the bar, there was a fire place and a few couches/chairs were people were mostly just grabbing drinks. It was a chilly night so the fireplace was very warm and welcoming.
We were seated quite quickly as expected because of our reservation. Just a fair warning there's a lot of random stairs throughout the restaurant! We went upstairs and it was still very lively but not too loud which was nice. Perfect romantic dimly lit (the not too dark kind) ambiance and great music as well! The art work and furnishings throughout the restaurant all had this old English feel to the point where you feel like you were transported to England which was really special.
The wait staff was extremely courteous, she recommended me a superb Malbec and when we ordered a pate for appetizer without realizing what it looked like she even offered to switch it out.. little did we know that we were about to finish the whole thing (even though it did look a bit like cat food it was absolutely delicious).
I ordered the crispy pork belly and it was massive! I couldn't even finish more than half of it, the skin was extremely crispy and quite good. I'm going to be quite honest, I can't really offer much review on the food.. I was so busy having a great time during the date that I forgot about most of the food aspects haha. But I can surely say my date really loved her meal and I was thoroughly impressed with my own.
Overall this spot is a great date spot, a bit pricey (of course you're in the Rittenhouse area) but definitely worth it for the atmosphere and special dishes! I recommend this place highly and worth going out of your way for a visit!The Dandelion - you had me with your adorable menu that features a dressed up lion on the cover.  But seriously - The Dandelion, can you open up in NYC? Looking for a delicious place to eat, my girlfriends and I happened upon the Dandelion and I am so happy we did! The food was delicious, our waiter was adorable (probably one of the best waiters I have had in a long time), and the atmosphere was wonderful! 
Order the Scotch pancakes if you come for brunch.  These are the best little pancakes ever made.  Trust me.  I ordered the chicken sandwich with curry, which was delicious, but I spent the entire time pining over my friend's order of pancakes.  Our waiter continuously filled up our waters and sodas and he constantly came over to see if we needed anything.  And best of all he was probably one of the friendliest waiters I have ever met! Such a great way to start my day trip to Philly.  My next trip will definitely feature a visit to the Dandelion!I was taken here on my birthday this past Thursday (June 26th) and my overall experience was mostly a meh. 
I'll start with the food, which was mostly good. I say mostly, because everything that was ordered we enjoyed, except for my meal. 
We ordered the deviled eggs, which while tasty, weren't anything special. My girlfriend ordered the roasted chicken, which i found to be very good, and I loved the onions. However for $22, it could have been a larger portion. 
Now, I ordered The Chicken and Duck liver parfait and it was WAY too salty and lacked any real substance. 
Our server was very nice, informative and accommodating, so there was no problem there. 
What I actually enjoyed most about this restaurant was the setting. They broke the sections down into small, separate rooms, and decorated each to look very homey. It was nice. 
Overall, I'm not certain I'll be back. Their menu has very limited offerings, so if and when they change that I may return.Tried this place on a whim and was really positively surprised. The inside is really uniquely decorated, we were in the "dog room" (lots of decorations of dogs and pictures of dogs on the walls.) That food was unique and really good  - we were all originally going to order burgers, and we wound up splitting 4 entrees at the Server's suggestion, and all 4 for were excellent. Would certainly recommend.This place is too precious. I'm just visiting PHL and it's a cold, rainy night. This high tide Black Manhattan and Duck Egg Bolognese is giving me life right now. The restaurant is cozy. Dark. Fireplaced. Old-man-chic. It's the perfect winter spot.I've been to the Dandelion many times in the past for both the brunch and afternoon tea there. I would say that the ambiance is warm, rustic, and home-like, which is great for taking friends to chat or catch-up. As for the menu, this place typically sells gastropub food. My favorites are the fish & chips and the shepherd's pie. For the afternoon tea portion, I would suggest ordering one of the tiers. I found the pastries and tart tier to be my favorite as it pairs better with the tea.Don't know what to get? Look no further!
But really.. just get this.
YOUR MENU:
- Steak & Chips (pan roasted beef tender, watercress salad, triple cooked chips, steak butter): $24
- Pimm's Cup (Pimm's #1, fresh cucumber, orange, lemon, strawberry): $10/39
Probably one of the best steak & chips I have ever had (second only to Mon Ami Gabi in Vegas). Perfectly cooked and seasoned with a great sear on the outside. I wasn't a fan of the steak butter, but it was easy to push off to the side and the steak still stood well on its own. As a self-proclaimed carnivore, I dread eating my greens - but even the salad was pretty tasty. Great thick & beefy fries ("chips") that made your tummy even more happy. My meal was only made better by the delicious Pimm's Cup which tasted like a light/fruity iced tea. I probably could have finished the whole pitcher myself. (But really, next time I just might..)Dandelion is one of those places you need to come back to over and over again to experience differently. I visited a long while back for drinks with a friend, and I really loved its pub atmosphere, but having just come for restaurant week with a friend, it really felt like an entirely different experience. I was struck by just how attentive and careful the service was from the door to the table. A mark, to me, of good service is when the waiter preempts the dishes, preempts when you are ready for the next course and has the next step cued. 
Thankfully, despite how many restaurants might deny this, the restaurant week menu wasn't a list of throwaway dishes that The Dandelion wouldn't otherwise serve on its regular menu. I love that they encouraged us to eat from both menus as a way to enjoy the restaurant's usual hits and the restaurant week specials.  I had the following courses:
First Course
Winter Root Vegetable Soup
buttermilk croutons, aged cheddar
- So glad to have had this as a starter! Perfectly creamy for the winter and makes good use of the table bread with sea salt and butter. The croutons are a real treat for texture. Savory but not overly salty.
Second Course
Roasted Pork Tenderloin
sherry braised cipollini, root vegetable mash, pork jus
-Thank goodness for the sherry and jus combination! The pork was cooked perfectly, left pink and tender as it should be. Very large portion - certainly more than enough to share if your friend wants a bite. Could have used a little more sauce actually, but it comes together really nicely with the root mash. 
Third Course 
Cranberry Bread Pudding
orange spice ice cream
- I'm not normally a fan of bread pudding, but this was fantastic. I really like to see creative, house-blend ice creams, and I think the classic citrus-cranberry mix works really well here. Soaks right into the bread pudding, and really refreshing after heavier courses. 
All in all, really outstanding, and hoping to return very soon.Great place for Sunday brunch with authentic British pub fare. The scones are delicious, and the homemade ricotta cheese is a must to order. I love the Bubble and Squeak, and other people have ordered the pub breakfast and enjoyed it. There is an active vibe without being too noisy to hear, and they offer a full bar with a nice selection of beer on tap as well as original mixed drinks. When I walk through the door, it feels as if I am transported to Jolly Olde England. A great spot to meet friends.I'll admit I'm a Stephen Starr junkie so I really couldn't wait to try out The Dandelion.  The bottom line:  I plan to give this pub another shot but my fist visit there was a bit all over the place.
The outer facade is adorable, it looks like a quaint corner pub was transplanted from England and plopped down in the middle of Center City.  I guess aesthetically using the corner door as the main entrance seemed like a good idea, but you are basically causing a draft through one of the dining rooms every few seconds and leaving a hostess to direct new customers through an eating area and up the stairs to the actual host station.
We were seated downstairs b/c that was the only thing available for walk-ins at 6pm but I'm sure that's due the Dandelion being the new kid on the block.  The menu is a decent size and offers some traditional British fare such as fish and chips, shepherd's pie as well as some American classics.  I ordered the deviled eggs, the foie gras and the lamb shepherd's pie; my friend ordered the root vegetable soup and the chicken entree.  I was also sipping on the house-made cocktail called the "Tatanka" which features fresh squeezed apple juice as the manager was quick to tell me.  And then the wait began.
I was catching up with my friend so it wasn't like we were sitting there counting the minutes but unfortunately it was beyond noticeable that after we got our soup + foie gras, we were waiting for quite a long time for our entree.  The waitress did come over to apologize.  I was a bit overwhelmed by the saltiness of the deviled eggs but the foie gras, fried egg + bacon combination was AMAZING.
When our entrees finally did come, I thought my pie was excellent.  It was a nice decent size, not too much.  Unfortunately my friend seemed to have the heavy-handed salt problem with her chicken.
We had our food cleared and then the manager visited our table again to apologize that the entree took over 30 minutes to arrive to our table and that he was comping them.  We told him he didn't have to (and we were taken aback for the fact that while I did say something to my friend, we didn't complain about the wait b/c we were busy chatting) but he insisted.  That to me is pure class.  And for that reason I will give The Dandelion a second chance; well that and the fact that my boyfriend still wants to try it despite our dodgy visit.  I hope to be update this review with some more positive aspects next time!Let's just take a second to talk about the hamburgers here -- like why they're so incredible and totally worth the $16 price tag. 
As an experienced burger eater, I feel confident in stating that this is Center City's best hamburger (close second Pub & Kitchen!)
The burger patty is definitely not some factory-packed frozen abomination. It's probably hand-packed in the back there lovingly and cooked appropriately to your requested temperature (a rarity in burger preparation). 
The bacon is NEVER wilty -- you don't even have to ask for it "well done" and it's thick cut. The cheese? It's cheddar and it's melted-- always.  They sneak funny little thin-sliced pickles in there and then top it off with a little shredded lettuce and some kind of sauce so that it's delicious and juicy. The bun is lightly grilled and fluffier than a breakfast pastry. It comes with giant fries and none of that "potato chip" nonsense that some places try to get away with. I eat every single last bite of my burger every time I go there. 
Don't try sharing your burger with a friend or significant other. It'll just bring out the ugly in you.Dandelion saved the day!! On a night that looked bleak (in regards to filling our hungry bellies), a night where every single hostess in center city said to us "that will be a three hour wait", a night where even a four hour wait at village whiskey was starting to look like the answer to our prayers to the foodgods, the overlooked dandelion swooped in with a 30 minute wait and the promise of filling our empty tummies. 
Dandelion went far beyond expectations, and not just because we were so f*cking hungry we'd eat anything. They greeted us with an immediate multibeer sampler so we could forget the last hours of searching for food in the cold. We ordered immediately the classic dishes that jumped out to us on the menu - deviled eggs, caesar salad, and fish and chips. 
THE DEVILED EGGS: I loved. Not your grandmother's potluck deviled eggs that sat out in the sun at the church picnic. These deviled eggs had a kick, and we devoured them quickly. 
THE CAESAR SALAD... was a caesar salad. A very good one.  
FISH AND CHIPS: Highlight of the evening - not too heavily battered, perfectly crispy on the outside and piping hot and tender on the inside. My boyfriend and I still talk about that fateful night where fish&chips saved us from starvation ;)
Dandelion was adorable - clearly overlooked by the center city crowd, as it was far less packed than even mediocre restaurants down the street. The decor was homey and inviting, exactly what you'd want from a pseudopub, and next time I hope to sit by the fire chowin down on fish&chips and dark ale with my boo.Service is alright, atmosphere is nice for an upscale hang out or casual date.  I like the free fizzy water.  I came for the fish and chips.  Worth it.  I also tried crab risotto, which was fairly good.Great atmosphere, especially nice in the winter months.  Had the Lamb Shepard's Pie and was pretty delicious.   Great drink menu, especially the Stout Beer Flip (bourbon, chocolate bitters, whole egg, orange marmalade, and double chocolate stout).  Tastes like an alcoholic Chocolate milk.  Basil Punnet was also tasty.What a great find! We were in town for a short period of time and this restaurant was recommended to us. Don't let the English pub food throw you off, it's a eclectic and modern and delicious. Definitely give it a try!This is one of my favorite English restaurants to go to. The decor is amazing and this place is designed to make you feel like you are in an actually pub in England. I love how they have different themed rooms also.
One of my favorite things to get here is actually the dessert which is "Sticky Toffee Pudding". This is my #1 favorite dessert and this place does not disappoint me one bit. When I come here again, I will order 3 orders of Sticky Toffee Pudding and that will be my dinner.What a great find!  Awesome atmosphere, the beer list is to die for and the deviled egg appetizer whas phenomenal.  We popped in for a quick drink on a lazy Saturday and ended up sitting at the upstairs bar for hours.  For something a little more cozy try the leather chairs in front of the wood-burning fireplace.  Service was a tad bit on the slow side but allowed me more time to sip fresh cask conditioned English Ale.  Highly recommended.My favorite spots aren't always reliant on food or decor or one specific factor. Whatever it is, the aggregate of reasons for Dandelion make this a new favorite. The space itself is awesome and it just feels good being there. Some of the food was fantastic and other menu options were good or ok. But overall I will be visiting Dandelion for as long as it is open and I am able. Great for a date or withy a group of friends. 
I'll point out the burger. I live in New York and have the pleasure of munching on JG Melon, Manetta Hill Tavern and other great burgers and still feel confident in saying the burger is an A+. It was delicious for all the right reasons - not too fancy and yet just interesting enough to stand out. Go there and get a burger!  Oh the fries are great too. Loved the pate as well.One of the best Brunch spots in Philly. Their Eggs Benedict has the best hollandaise I've ever had, their bubble & squeak is always great, and the apple scotch pancakes are as perfect as their poached eggs. Fantastic service & a wonderful atmosphere, always. I love bringing friends from out of town here for a Philadelphia take on English food. Cocktails are very well made & their tap list is usually on point. Don't miss out on dinner though, and leave room for dessert! The Dandelion has fantastic renditions of classic English desserts. Try Mrs. Beeton's Snow Egg - it's the real deal! (The photo doesn't do it justice)I came here for dinner and drinks with my gf and some friends friday after work. It was about 5:30 pm and the place was already packed. 
The first thing I noticed is that this place is HUGE. Multiple levels, wood burning fires, several bar areas and dining rooms.  I love the decor - especially the upstairs bar with all of the dog statues with red glowing eyes. 
For beer I went with the cask ale served at cellar (50ish) temperature. It was definitely tasty - but at $10 for a 20oz def a little on the pricey side. There was a decent list of bottles at more reasonable prices. 
For food I went with an organic chicken breast served on top of roasted potatoes and winter veggies. It was cooked and seasoned perfectly. It was around $16 which seemed the average. I also got an order of the chips (fries) cooked in beef fat with home made ketchup  which were insanely good. My gf went with the mac n cheese with ham that was served in a cast iron dish - a huge serving for $9. 
Friends got the Shepard's pie and seemed happy with it. 
Most of the things on the menu were in the $14-20 range. One thing I thought was nuts was charing $21 for fish and chips - seems a bit steep to me. 
All in all it was definitely a cool place. It is cool to go with friends but for pub's Ill stick with Pub and Kitchen.The atmosphere and service were great. We went for the first time for afternoon tea. The scones were the best part - I believe they were made fresh in house. I was hoping for traditional sandwiches you would get with an afternoon tea in England (salmon and cucumber, cheese and pickle etc) but there was nothing like that. I've had afternoon tea many times in England and I was disappointed it wasn't more authentic.Very cute quaint. Highly recommend reservations. Only been once for Sunday breakfast/brunch. Food was very good. English fare. I had the Pink Grapefruit with burnt sugar, mint and honey, delicious! I also had the
 chicken salad which was good but would not order again. My husband had fish and chips, very fresh, the perfect coating. The favorite appeared to be Bubble and Squeak. No question what I'm ordering next time, Bubble and Squeak.
The only negative, we felt a little rushed. I don't know if it's because we didn't have reservations or because it's small and they wanted to move the tables quickly.   
The food and ambiance are great!!Been here twice. 
Once with a rotating group, of 6+, for a birthday party. - It was perfect, as we were able to be next to the first floor fire place. Wait staff was excellent, even when my fish came out undercooked.
Second for bf's birthday. - Called ahead to reserve the fireplace. Did not make a difference as the hostess placed a large party there moments ago. - We were able to be accommodated with a "nook" table looking out a window. 
I REALLY enjoy the food and atmosphere. Go during the week or Sunday.
It is worth the experience on occasion.We have eaten here multiple times. None of which were very memorable. The decor and atmosphere is interesting and allows you to enjoy wine and beer with friends as you drink and possibly munch on their appetizers. The last time we were here much of our entrees was very salty and somewhat disappointing. We may be back just for drinks but not food.Simply put, Stephen Starr's take on the British pub, much like Parc (the "French Appleby's" is perfectly acceptable.  Fish and Chips are delicious, albeit over-priced for what you get.  Cod and breading with mushy fries does not a $20 meal make.  Great selection of microbrews, British ales and other British fare make the drinking fun.  The building is gorgeous.  It's like being in London in an old pub.  Fabulous, but still too much money for cheap breaded fish, a glass of elderflower soda, and a Philly beer.  At least Parc has awesome seasonal oysters, and French fare to its prices.  .But one begins to expect arrogance from a Starr restaurant venture.All I can say is that I love the Dandelion and I will have to say that the fish and chips are amazing. But My favorite item I have had here is the Shepherds Pie. It is so delicious even if you think that you do not like lamb try it anyway it is that good. My wife has never liked any dish with Lamb and she enjoyed this dish. Also my sister in law had the mac and cheese and she was impressed. My only complaint about this place is the Cask beer. I know that in Europe room temperature beer is more popular but its not the way most Americans enjoy their beer. I wish they would offer the cask beer option the European and American way. But right across the street is Tria and they offer amazing beers and wines on tap so maybe have your beers across the street after having a delicious dinner. 
p.s. they do have regular beers on tap and in bottles that are cold but its the craft beer that tends to be the cask option.The best thing about te EU is that you can finally get good food in England.  But if you long for the bad old days, head to The Dandelion for bad, overpriced English food and warm beer.  Just because you put "gastro" in front of "pub" doesn't make the food taste any better.High end bar/pub setting.  You can't go wrong here.  Don't forget the deviled eggs!This is a pretty cool place to go for a meal or drinks. It's set in an old mansion that's since been converted to a restaurant. Everything is unique from the walls to the chairs to the entrance, even. I thought the food was ok, decent really, but there are better spots nearby. The drink menu isn't bad as there are several beers and wines featured in addition to cocktails and the whiskey selection. There is a large bar downstairs and another medium sized bar upstairs, making Dandelion a large enough restaurant to accommodate a large party, or a party without reservations. It is a British pub, which is the younger, less attractive sibling of an Irish pub, yet the atmosphere here will make you want to come back and bring a friend.Fun dog themed pub with great British food.I've been here a few times to celebrate graduations and birthdays. It's so quaint and they serve really good food. I'd recommend the cheese board!1.  The room we were in was super dog themed.  Is the rest of the place like that?  I was a bit brain drained because of this heat wave so I didn't pay attention to anything for the first few minutes, including walking into the place.  I loved the dog curtains and pictures and figurines.  
2.  Best deviled eggs I have ever had in my life.  I could have eaten them all day.  I also had the butter lettuce salad and I loved it.  I couldn't eat anything hot.  This heat wave is ruining my life.
3.  The waiters were the most handsome men I have seen in Philadelphia.
I look forward to going back when it isn't so hot.We had reservations here the night I proposed to my British girlfriend. The atmosphere was perfect and reminded her of home, and as soon as they found out we were recently engaged they brought us free glasses of champagne to celebrate. 
The food was very enjoyable. I ordered the pork belly with black pudding which was cooked really well and tasted excellent. She had the steak which was cooked exactly how she likes it. Everyone seemed very pleased with their order (there were 7 of us), and it was the perfect place to celebrate. 
The staff were very friendly and accommodating (we had 2 extra people show up last minute, but it wasn't a problem). They also brought us a free dessert to share. We would definitely go back here.I loved this pub! It was my first time in Philadelphia and a lady from work and I decided to check out some of the spots on a Friday night. So I decided to look up places on yelp. The Dandelion looked very cool so we decided to give this place a shot. As we walked in there was very warm ambiance...both figuratively and literally. The staff was very welcoming and by the entrance there was this beautiful fire place that had couches around it.
The staff was very professional and sat us within the wait time. 
The bread that came out first was very fresh! For my entree I ordered the Duck Bolognese. I can't express how much I enjoyed it. It was fantastic!
I was too full to enjoy dessert on the spot so I ordered some tea pastries to go. I enjoyed those for breakfast the next morning. They dessert had with a variety of pastries and I felt like it was a perfect mix of sugar levels.
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is or will be in Philadelphia in the near future.One of my favorite Starr restaurants.
I get the same thing every time I come. Is it bad? It's just cuz it's so darn good. I've come here multiple times and every time, that rabbit pie is the bomb. Rabbit meat is tender and the pie broth is creamy and delicious. The crust is a good amount of flakiness.
Other mentionables I get here are the cheese board, deviled eggs, and roasted chicken. All is great. I hear the fish and chips and steak and chips are good too.
Service is always pretty good. Attentive and friendly. Cocktails are fabulous. I've gotten the pimms cup before and it's pretty refreshing on a summer day! Cool random English decor hung around.This gastropub  restaurant came highly recommended by friends but our experience here yesterday did not live up to our expectations.
After being seated and having  our orders taken I watched while everyone (including people who came after) received bread baskets while our table remained empty. Eventually I had to ask the waiter (who wasn't our original waiter) if we were supposed to get a basket.
Then, when they delivered my bf's entree and my dessert I was not giving a spoon. I sat there not eating thinking someone would notice but tons of workers passed by oblivious to my need.
Finally, I had to ask the person who brought our bread basket (still not our original waitress) for a spoon.
To make matters worse my chocolate tart really wasn't anything special at all despite costing $10. My bf's trout was $22 & at least he said he liked his food .. also it seemed to be a healthy portion.We were seated on the couch next right by the fireplace....possibly one of the most coziest dinners I have ever had! My boyfriend and I shared our plates and everything we had was amazing. We had the chicken and duck liver parfait to start. Incredibly smooth and served on brioche toast. It was a nice change to have a fluffy bread instead of a hard toast! Then we had the beef tartare. The flavors were great! The only thing I would change is for the toast to be cut up. It was a very large piece and made it quite messy to eat. Next was the curried crab, cod and chili cakes...perfect little bites! And last we finished with the bangers and mash. The gravy tasted like it had been simmering for hours and was the perfect way to end the meal! Overall, the experience was great and I would definitely go back there for the food!Great food, cozy atmosphere especially in the winter. Sat by the fireplace (got lucky with timing on a weeknight). Along with cocktails and wine we enjoyed the deviled eggs, home made ricotta, dandelion salad, duck ragu, and banoffee trifle for dessert. All excellent.I know it sounds wierd but you HAVE to try the rabbit pie. Awesome in a pie-dish. Then please beg to bring the cask Ruddles back. Greene King is very good, but really ...Cold outside. Warm ambiance inside. 
Start w pan-seared scallops to awaken your tastebuds.  Palate cleansing bib lettuce salad w pomegranate seeds, Stilton cheese & honey crisp apples...Yummmmmmmm. 
For mom- fish n chips were the real deal 
For me- baked trout cooked to perfection. 
Fabulous.We were visiting the area and saw the restaurant on Yelp while looking for somewhere to eat close to our hotel. The food was delicious and the service was exceptional. We had the bangers and mash and the burger. Both were cooked perfectly and very tasty. We did end up sitting downstairs in the pub and I would agree with some of the other reviews that it was pretty loud. There was people noise and then they seemed to raise the volume of the music and it was too much. I would definitely recommend this restaurant because of the good food and service but try to eat upstairs.I can always count on the Dandelion for a great atmosphere, stellar beer, and reliably good food. Excellent location in Rittenhouse Square. Head to the door facing 18th Street for the main entrance. 
They have several different dining areas with different feels. I prefer the bar area, dark and relaxed. The upper levels have quieter dining rooms that sit larger parties. Unless you are planning on sitting at the bar, reservations are recommended. 
I go for the fish and chips, butter lettuce salad, shephard's pie, or bangers and mash. On occasion they go too heavy on the salt, but that only makes the beer taste better! Top beer picks are Yards IPA, Prima Pils and the Bombardier. Low ABV makes these relatively food-friendly. Save the Double Chocolate Stout for dessert! 
Steven Starr places can get a bad rap in Philly. But I like the consistently good service and quality food. They're always nice places for out of town guests, too.Return? Probably not
Atmosphere (4) - Historic building w/ beautiful bar. We ate outside on sidewalk
Food (3) - Bloody Mary (2 - watery), breakfast sandwich (2 - very greasy), bagel w/ salmon (3), 
Service (3) Nice, not terribly attentive
Cost = Total tab before tax/tip was $391st time here, we were a party of 7 on New Year's Day celebrating a birthday., 4 in the group were returning patrons. Jonathan was our server and he was outstanding, very attentive and accommodating to our entire party. We had the foie gras special with a duck egg and applewood bacon, 2 orders for the table and enjoyed by all. 
There was nothing left uneaten; 2 had rabbit pie, 2 had free range chicken, 2 had the roast beef dinner and 1 had the pork belly, not a morsel left on our plates. Desserts were all delicious, especially the Eton Mess, coffee was a little too hot when served, I don't usually have to wait for my cup to cool down before I can drink it, others at the table remarked on this as well.  
Only negative of the night if I had to come up with one: Although we were a large party who had reservations set weeks in advance, the seating we were offered was quite cramped and 1 in our party was relegated to a corner spot of one of the 3 tables that were pushed together, otherwise, a great experience and we will return.So I tried the brunch...scrambled eggs w/lox served on a bagel (no sides come with it), ordered a side of fruit, and 2 mimosas. $50. Also, I do not like the atmosphere when it is extremely well lit and you could tell how hungover people were...I don't think English pubs should ever be seen in broad daylight. I will definitely be back for dinner but not for brunch.I thought this place was pretty darn good.
I stopped in here with a friend recently and I very much enjoyed both the service and the food.  I arrived early so I sat at the bar.  The bartender let me sample all 3 of their cask ales and I ended up going wit his original recommendation.  While I waited, I asked him what his favorite thing on the menu was.  Without delay, he said "the chicken and duck liver parfait."  Fortunately, when my friend arrived, she agreed to try that.
We ordered oysters, deviled eggs, the parfait, the pint of prawns and the beet cured salmon.  The oysters were delicious and fresh, not very briny.  The deviled eggs were just right and had a hint of curry and cayenne in them.  The pint of prawns was closer to a shrimp cocktail but the shrimp were done perfectly.  I really enjoyed the salmon, along with the dill and crème fraiche that it was served with.  I really enjoyed the flavor of the parfait, but the portion was very large.  They give you three slices of brioche which is clearly not enough.  We even ordered a second batch of brioche and it still wasn't enough for all the parfait.  It's very rich and I recommend having it, but maybe splitting it among 3 or 4 people.
The layout and decor of this place is really cool and I can see myself stopping back in here for drinks and a bite to eat.  The bartenders are nice, knowledgeable and will go out of their way to make sure you have a good time.
Cheers!I wanted to love this place but I found it amazingly mediocre. Maybe it was just an off night but nothing we had was great ... it was all just good.I came for brunch to give The Dandelion a second chance, but I left disappointed. I ordered their brioche french toast, which was really quite large and came with a generous carving of whipped butter. Upon digging into the french toast, however, I noticed that some parts were way too eggy and soft (undercooked) while other parts were very crispy and dry. There was no consistency at all in their preparation of the dish. The entire french toast was sitting in a huge pool of maple syrup, and the entirely soaked bottom was way, way too sweet. The whipped butter seemed to be a nice addition, but it just contributed to the toast's unnecessarily high sugar and fat content.
My friend ordered some sort of eggs Benedict with lox. The English muffins (I'm not sure if they were English muffins, actually) looked flat and disappointing. Definitely on the smaller end of the spectrum in terms of portion size. Only upside was a wonderfully nice waiter, but that was it.
Tl;dr: Brunch at The Dandelion is overrated.Best sea scallops I've had with the lovely pesto like sauce. Also the app of the welsh bread was fantastic. Great service, great drinks - no complaints :)The flavor of the food was wonderful. I was very pleased with the ambience and the service. Our waiter (Ian) was very informative and polite and truly catered to our wants. I had a couple alterations to my food and it was delivered perfectly. I truly recommend this place. This is my first post ever on yelp! Yay 
We had the ricotta appetizer, the burger without the bun and steamed green beans. My husband had the fish and chips! And we shared the toffee pudding! 
Yummy!
How I rate
2 stars for food -2
2 stars for service - 2
1 star for ambience - 1Beautiful inside. Best mac & cheese pretty much ever. Impeccably roasted chicken. Just a really nice spot.This place is great. From the decor, which is really warm and welcoming, to the food, we had the fish and chips and they were some of the best ever! And the trout mousse, also amazing. Great beers as well, and the rest of the menu looked fantastic. Do not miss this place.I picked the Dandelion restaurant for a romantic dinner because it was listed in the Philadelphia magazine's ultimate restaurant guide. And I was really glad I chose it.  Definitely a winner in every way. The restaurant itself was cheerfully decorated for the holiday and had a warm and cozy ambiance.  Service was friendly and very professional. Food was delish- but because we are small eaters, we shared prawns (very fresh) and a steak dinner prepared exactly as requested.
We will be back soon.