One of the best happy hours on Main Street.  Amazing wines by the glass and the hummus plate is delicious!First I'd like to say, I really like what they've done with the place. I remember when it was Thomas' and it looks like they've updated the decor, torn down the middle wall so it's nice and open, and the bathrooms (which were previously a DEE-SCUSTING) were quite cozy, clean and nicely decorated. 5 stars for ambiance.
I came here with a couple of friends, one being gluten intolerant, this is the only place in Manayunk that offers an extensive gluten-free menu. The plates are small, but they did mention that they're meant for sharing. Well, they were kind of in between, so I think the Goat's Beard is not really sure if it's skimpy plates or tapas. And it's not what I'd think of as sharing kind of food, so they really need to hammer that out if you ask me. We all got our own plates anyway. The waitress was way overly enthusiastic about how good the food was. "The lady doth protests too much me thinks." I had the fish tacos, which were ok, but pretty soggy. My friend had the steak mac and cheese which the waitress RAVED about. That was ok too. I mean, it's kind of hard to mess up pasta, cheese and meat. The wings would have been good if they weren't so sugary. It wasn't bad. I think it was just really over-hyped. I don't think they've been open long, so hopefully there will be improvements. 3 stars for food. 
We sat outside, which is a plus, but i have to say, those have to be some of the most uncomfortable chairs I've ever sat in. Everyone else agreed. My second time here, my boyfriend even noted that as well. Backs are too low and lean back too much. The wooden planks that make up the chair are a world full of hurt against your tooshie. You cannot get comfortable to save your life. 1 star for poor choice in seating.A great place to hang with friends or to go for date night. The service was wonderful and the food was fantastic.I ate brunch and dinner here several times and overall the service was great, drinks were good, and the food was delicious...the only dish I did not like was the shrimp and grits dish which the grits were made with a savory flavor which I felt just didn't compliment the grits or the shrimp. Other than that you should definitely check out the restaurant, loved the Mac and cheese gnocchi, the various types of fries, chicken wings (awesome), and the vegetable Napoleon (my fav).Typically I'll write a review on various sites if the place I use comes up short. In other words I don't get motivated too often to compliment. The Goat (Goat's Beard) has changed that for me. First of all, the surroundings are super comfortable and I wish I lived a little closer so I could frequent this place more often. It is what I always pictured a bar with great food should look like. 
For starters, the Goat's chicken wings are incredibly unique which during the first time I visited put me in a really good mood. Where else can you pick between scallops (scrumptious), duck (perfectly done) lamb (succulent), fish tacos (de-lish) and the unbelievable steak mac and cheese in a comfy bar setting that is conducive to camping out for the evening. I guess I sound a bit over the top but when I see a place that is unique in a world full of "sameness" it pumps me up. 
The menu is really geared to small plates. If your are starving and want to pig out on the cheap, this is not the place. The food is impeccable which I will take over generous portions any day. There is something for everybody on the menu. As I said the wings are great and I hardly ever order them. Wings are now  a staple for me here though. I have been to the Goat three times now, and everyone in my group was not disappointed and were pretty much over the top like me about the food.
Service was very good especially for a place that has been open for a pretty short period. I think it was opened in March. The thing that stands out about the servers is their enthusiasm. One time they made a mistake on my order and the way they handled it was extraordinary. I hope this friendliness continues as word of the Goat spreads. 
The bar is cool. Different drafts make for a great selection of beer. I enjoy the harder stuff so I can attest the drinks (both brown and white) were excellent. The truth is someone here knows what they are doing. I really think this is the kind of place that can replicate to other areas if they can create the same unique atmosphere and maintain the quality of the food and service. Folks, you will really like this joint!!!!I'm writing this a little late but I can't stop thinking about this cute little place. My boyfriend and I were visiting a friend this weekend and Goat's Beard was recommended. It was a beautiful  night so we grabbed a table outside, ordered a Kentucky mule and the BF got a Manhattan. Naturally I was starving and wanted something hardy so I went with the Steak Mac and Cheese. Perfectly seasoned meat and the gooey cheese sauce made it even better. My boyfriend had the fish tacos but wouldn't even let me try it, I guess they were good. We sat for a little longer while the BF tried different kinds of bourbon and enjoyed the night.
Although I'm just a visitor, I bet this place is great with locals. It has a big bar area that is great for grabbing some wine and cheese on a weekday. Also nice that the staff is very friendly and really knows their liquor.Very good food. Staff is genuinely friendly.  This is a great place for a first date, but call ahead. Your chance of getting a few seats at the bar are slim post Happy Hour. Late night music is excellent with fresh young talent playing oldies to new stuff.  I have even seen Philly legend Kenn Kweder play there.Came here for an early dinner, just in time for the tail end of happy hour so appetizers and drinks were discounted.
Buttermilk wings are a must try.  Wings were large, very well fried and had the perfect amount of sauce and tanginess.  My new favorite 'wings' in philly.  Previously my favorite wings would have been cafe soho's garlic soy flavor just to give you an idea of what kind of wing I'm putting it up against.
Definitely not your average bar food as everything we tried was good. Steak mac and cheese using gnocchi, fish and chips with a unique tartar sauce, etc.  I look forward to trying more of their menu.Terribly overpriced for the selections offered. They're trying to recreate some kind of center city/Passyunk type of hip atmosphere, but it takes more than overpriced food and terrible service to make that happen. Save your money and go to any of the other great places on main st.Yum! Came here for happy hour snacks and man were they delicious. I love places that offer exotic flavored french fries and man did they deliver, and also the goat nuggets are little nuggets sent down from the Gods ;) The seasoning on both dishes was yummy and they were so big that it ended up being my dinner despite sharing it with people. 
The atmosphere is romantic yet fun and the servers were all super knowledgable, friendly, and attentive.
This will definitely be a go-to spot for me and I'll continue to update as I try more things here!I usually never review service or food on a new restaurant or bar. I always wait a couple of months to let them work the kinks out. Not so with this place.
Great cocktails. The signature drink 'Goats Beard' is like a Bourbon mojito. Could be my Summer drink.  Food was fresh and inventive, tapas style portions allowed a sampling. Food & drinks arrived on schedule and the place looked great. Pretty impressive since it's only been open a week.
I'll be back for sure, hope they get some outside seeing soon!While the atmosphere is comfortable and the servers friendly and efficient the food is spotty.  Had lunch there with my family this last weekend and found the menu limited with many items topping fries.  The Breakfast Burger was fantastic but the Caesar Salad with chicken I wouldn't feed to prisoners.  They serve many nice craft beers.My husband and I came in for brunch on Saturday.  The first floor dining room was crowded but they were happy to seat us upstairs.  The ambiance is great.  The service was good. And the food was tasty.  I ordered from the $15 lunch menu.  This comes with a non-alcoholic drink, a choice from a few small starters and then a lunch item.  I had the salad with balsamic and vegetable gyro.  Everything was delicious.  My husband had the soup special which was Beer and Potato soup and the Breakfast Burger.  He thoroughly enjoyed it.  We have yet to dine for dinner or happy hour, but that is next on our list.Pretty delicious bar food especially during happy hour. Skip the fish tacos only one was cooked all the way and they don't use cod. The old bay fries were yummy but my boyfriend says a little too thin. I liked the "goat" nuggets but they did have a lot food on. The mac and cheese with gnocchi was an odd idea that really doesn't get the best of a pillow gnocchi or the melty goodness of Mac and cheese with actual noodles.
The hype over the old fashioned is not understood. One of the worst I've ever had, get the honeysuckle or any beers on tap instead.
Hella yuppies and loud white chicks cackling all around. Nice and upscale but loud like a Buca de Beppo.One of my favorite restaurants at Manayunk. Well worth the extra walk out of the main area. The brunch has good variety. Food is not typical bar food.Beer Flights and Whiskey Flights it doesn't get any better than that!
Try the Whipped Ricotta Cheese Dip and Fish Tacos. 
I did not care for the Macaroni and Cheese but they did have a delicious Stuffed Cabbage Special. 
 Nice outside seating and great service!This is definitely one of my staple places to go. Service is always great staff is friendly and helpful. The food is always on point a couple favorites are the steak tartare and the grilled octopus and you can never go wrong heading there for brunch!!Went here for a Saturday lunch. They have a lunch special for $15 that is salad or appetizer, lunch menu and soda. Great value for good food. I had the goat burger which was very tasty. Our waitress was very nice and efficient. We will go here again when we are in Philadelphia.Visited The Goat's Beard about a month ago with my girlfriend on a cold Thursday night. The decor was nice - cozy, warm atmosphere. Good music. Now, this is where the compliments end. This restaurant is the epitomy of a place that draws a crowd from its look. The menu was boring, the food lacked creativity and the flavors were unbalanced. My girlfriend ordered a burger, which she enjoyed. Maybe that was my mistake, I should have tried something simpler. I ordered the duck leg. It was overcooked - beat, actually. The cider-raisin wasn't working for me. We also ordered chicken wings to start - they didn't show up at the table. We eventually got them after our entrees. The wings were dry and the sauce was boring. Placed an order for short rib chili to go and that was decent. But I'm not exactly sure what cost 15 dollars. There are too many great taprooms in this city for me to risk spending my money here again.There's not a bad thing to say about this place! My friends and I are not from the area and were looking for somewhere good to eat.... after scrolling through yelp we came across this gem. Right off the bat when calling for a reservation we were invited with humor and welcoming comments. Upon arrival we were seated right away and greeted by our waitress Kirsten who presented with a charismatic, personable, and attentive vibe. As a waitress myself, she is honestly one of the best I've had. Dope ass girl!!! Food was awesome, had the steak Mac and cheese which was cooked to perfection! Would recommend this place to anyone and will definitely be back if I'm in the area again!!Things I love:
The cocktails (both of the strawberry drinks are so perfect for summer)
The atmosphere - feels grown up in a town that sometimes feels full of college kids
Chill live music
Wings and fries are delicious
Things I don't love:
Inconsistent service
Prices are somewhat high compared to the amount of food you getI went here with one of my girlfriends for brunch a few weekends back and I was very pleasantly surprised. Their fries are out of this world. I forget exactly what they were called but got the ones that were loaded with everything. My mouth is watering thinking about them weeks later. I got the eggs and asparagus dish and it doesn't sound like much but it is a must have ( and I am not a crazy veggie person). She got a burger and raved about how it was cooked perfectly. The service was a little slow but we were catching up so we didn't mind much. They had cool beers on tap and it looked like a fun little place to hang out in at night as well. I'm not in that area a lot but  when I go back, I will definitely be stopping in again !Came back here for brunch and it wasn't quite what dinner cracked up to be. The burger was good but pretty greasy, my ham and cheese was ok, but not fantastic and the special omlette had massive chunks of tomato and regular fries on the side. My tomato soup with the ham and cheese was one of the most bland I've had too. I really really loved this place for dinner and I still think they're fantastic, but I wouldn't go for brunch. It took a pretty long time to get our food too and it was empty in there.
I will say I finally got to try to hummus plate and that was fantastic with the olive tapenade, sun dried tomatoes, tzatziki and roasted peppers. It had even more than that, and it was all fantastic. Our server was great and I still will be back here countless times for dinner, just wanted to shout out a little "eh" for their brunch. Still would like to give the owner a hug for this place anyway and thank them for being around.I have mixed feelings about the Goat's Beard. I recently had lunch with my boyfriend here over a holiday weekend that most people are down the shore for, so we thought it wouldn't be too packed. It wasn't. I got a Bloody Maria and the grilled asparagus lunch plate. He got a special they were having, 1 lbs. of wings and a draft beer for $12 and we shared the Old Bay fries. The food and drinks were very good and priced well, except for my Bloody Maria which was 10 stinkin' dollars. We both loved the atmosphere and the inside of the bar, too. The only issue was the service we got. Our server was very friendly, but he couldn't remember the prices of some of the specials, and after he took our order he was helping/socializing with the other staff at the bar. The table next to us and a couple who sat at the bar both came in about 15-20 minutes after us and both got their food before us. The server checked on our food once for us before these other two groups got their food and never checked again. We had to ask the server to check on our food after both parties were completely finished their meals, and about 30 minutes after we placed our order. The food came out hot, and everything was delicious, but the service was definitely disappointing. I would go back and give it a second shot because of the food only.We had a great experience here on a Friday night in April.  
Philadelphia is the central location to meet when my college friends and I get together, but we've done Center City so many times, sometimes it's just not worth the hassle.  We chose Manayunk, and particularly the Goat's Beard, to try something new and a hopefully find a spot where you could heard conversation.
It helped that we were there the weekend preceeding Easter - most college kids were home, so the town was a bit quieter.  There's a paid parking lot across down a block and across the street - Venice Island.  It was $8 for the evening until midnight. 
We walked in around 9:30 and the bar was pretty full, but there was still room to move around.  We found the hostess' stand, but it was the manager who came, greeted us, and seated us at a high-top table just next to the bar.   
The Goat's Beard has an EXTENSIVE cocktail list.  I tried three of the signature drinks - The Goat's Beard, the Old Fashioned, and the Town & County (which was the best of the three - made with maple syrup, rye, antica, and rhubarb bitters).  Prices were about $9/drink.  Non-signature drinks were around $6 and beer around $4.  
Best part of the night? Acoustic guitarist who set up shop not far from us, covering my favorite early-2000's acoustic/alternative bands.   It was like my favorite station on Pandora - but live!!
Can't attest to the food - we just imbibed in the extensive drink menu!
Goat's Beard is the place to go in Manayunk for late-twenties/early-thirty-something-year olds. If I lived nearby, I'd be there every weekend.Manayunk finally got it's "missing piece." A whisky bar!  Goat's Beard has an eclectic menu, plenty of gluten free options, and a good selection of whisky. We stopped here on a sunny Sunday afternoon for a late lunch/early dinner. The windows were open and there were a lot of tables set up outside. We opted to sit at the bar. The place has a cozy yet modern vibe to it, there's a lot of wood work and some contemporary leather stools. 
I was hoping to try the wings (which are listed on the online menu), unfortunately, they weren't printed on the menu we received that day. We ordered the duck spring rolls to start and I got the fish tacos, while my other half ordered the burger. While we waited for our food I ordered up the signature "Goat's Beard" cocktail and my husband had a bourbon. 
I really liked my drink and we both thought our food selections were delicious. The spring rolls were flavorful and crispy, the fish tacos were perfectly cooked and very filling. (You get two tacos per order, but they are large and stuffed to the brim). The burger was also great. I'm usually not a fan of blue cheese on my burger and opt for sharp cheddar, but I was pleasantly surprised by how much I enjoyed it. 
Our bartender was great. She was very friendly and attentive. Overall we had a good experience at Goat's Beard and will definitely be back. 
I think they are still working out some things since they aren't even a month old yet. I'd suggest that they put their hours up on their website and on the door as well (we showed up at 3:45 to eat on a Sunday and they said they'd open in 45 minutes. We returned at 4:30 and sat down ready to order, and they said the kitchen didn't open until 5.  Also, some of the waitstaff seemed a little flustered when we first got there, maybe because they weren't really prepared to be open until 5.  Those are minor points that I'm sure will be worked out over the next few weeks.The ambiance is great along with the decor! The service is absolutely wonderful -- very welcomingI am going to start my review with the only part of the dinner I did not like.  I had wished my wife and I were able to sit downstairs in the bar area.  I am not saying the upstairs is bad, but downstairs, at least on that night, was a much more livelier part of the restaurant.
The food we ordered was excellent.  We started with the mussels.  The mussels came with fries instead of bread to dunk, but I enjoyed the fries.  I enjoyed how the fires fell into the juice and soaked it up....tasty.  I ordered the special, which was a lobster risotto.  The risotto was actually cooked very well.  It was not and compacked like most risottos I see at restuarants.  It was a little runny, which is perfect.  My wife had the vegetable napoleon.  It was not something I would have ordered, but it was a good dish.  We finished the night with the deep fried brownie.  It was awesome!  There was a decent beer selection as well.  I was nopt a fan of the second beer I ordered, but I always try to find a new beer, this one just did not pan out.  I would definately go back to the Goat's Beard....hopefully to sit downstairs.Went here for date night with husband. He had a whiskey flight and I had a cocktail which were pretty good. We had the veggie burger which is hand made and very tasty but a little dry. We also had the fish and chips which tasted fresh. The French fries were thin and that's the way we like them. Service was very good. We made a reservation on open table and sat outside. We likes the atmosphere as well. We will be back!Awesome place just to hangout. I only get upset if I can't sit in the corner seat at the Bar by the window...Of the dozen or so "restaurant week" experiences I've had, from average to higher priced establishments, the Goat's Beard has been the best. Their choice of menu items was amazing, their craft beer selection was good and the service was extremely grateful that we were having such a good time. We were told it was a rough night in the restaurant but in my opinion they hit a home run. Salmon with coconut rice and sirloin over gnocchi mac n cheese, sheesh! Dare I mention the fried brownie dessert, deadly...I was in Mananyunk for the Arts Festival.  My friend and I made a day of it and wanted to grab drinks and dinner.  I ran into a friend who suggested the Goat's Beard.  First impression walking... so cute, classy and loved it.  Bartenders were great.  I didn't get her name, but a new bartender started that night and she was wonderful.  After my first, go-to Tito's dirty martini, I told her what I liked in a martini and she made me a great one.  We ordered the hummus plate and fish and chips.  Both were delicious.  Don't even get me started on their FRENCH FRY MENU.  If you go, get them.  All of them.  There are options.  I'll definitely go back if I'm out that way again.My dad claims this is the best burger he has ever had. It's nice place with a bit of a hipster vibe. I enjoyed my salad although I think they should have more options for vegetarians. Hummus was excellent and very flavorful. I would definitely go back here again.One if the best restaurants on Main Street! The food was cooked perfectly and full if flavor. Their whiskey menu is unbeatable, I would highly recommend getting an old fashioned or another classic whiskey drink to take advantage of all of the whiskey options! We sat outside and took advantage of the $5 valet. There was no wait on a Friday night. My one complaint is that it took at least 40 minutes for our food to come out, which seemed a bit long.So simple. Steak on Mac and cheese. But wait. Some of the "mac" is gnocchi!   Well I never - but I will again!  Plus we had the friendliest server. My companion had the Porky Pig and loved it. I'm going back - this weekend I hope.Great place overall. 
If you're looking for typical bar food -- or a typical bar scene, it may not be the place for you. The atmosphere is a mix of rustic and modern, with a touch of sophistication and definitely not divey or stuffy. It's intimate, a great place for a date or to catch up with friends...not your fratty, sort of college bar. 
The food is on point! Clearly a lot of thought went into the menu, because there's a pretty eclectic mix of dishes that would appeal to a variety of diners from vegetarians, to carnivores, and even to those with food allergies. The portions are not mega-sized, but they're certainly well-portioned for an individual or for sharing. Those expecting typical bar fare -- over-sized platters of flash fried frozen chicken tenders or mozz sticks from a bag should probably steer clear. 
I personally think the prices are justified, given the quality of the food...local, in season, organic, etc. I've been here a handful of times and have never had a bad experience. They also have awesome specials -- happy hour is a good call, and live music sometimes.  Would definitely recommend The Goat's Beard.This is one of, if not my favorite places in Manayunk. The bar has a great vibe, so many great cocktails and a really good beer selection. It's great just to come for drinks and casual food, and even better for a nice dinner. There is not a thing on the menu that I haven't loved. 
Most recently when my boyfriend and I went we started with a duck crostini with sautéed red onion, capers and fresh parsley. It was out of this world. I had the steak mac and cheese, which is not at all as basic as it sounds. Their hand-made gnocchi mac and cheese is incredible, and they put perfectly cooked steak on top with a red-wine reduction sauce. My boyfriend got their burger, which is far from your average burger. I can not recommend this place enough.I love this place, but they did away with their poke, one of their signature dishes! It was not mainstream, but a unique creative version! Bring it back please...
Also their lunch special is only on Fridays - really?? It was a reason to go once a week but no longer.
This is a great place with excellent drinks and awesome food. I just wish you would still serve poke. Several of my friends feel the same way. So bring it back and I bet business will pick up!!This may be my favorite restaurant in Manayunk! They have an awesome assortment of hand crafted cocktails! I thoroughly enjoy their hand cut Carlos Fries with sweet chili sauce & sour cream, it doesn't get much better than that.   The Goat's Beard also has wonderful daily specials! The atmosphere is a little more up-scale than most bars in Manayunk, which is nice and refreshing.  Also, it has a bit of an older crowd (meaning not college kids) which again is refreshing.  I hear they have an outstanding brunch, I cant wait to check it out.
If your looking for a nice bar with great cocktails and food without a college crowd, then i would highly recommend this establishment!My girlfriend and I decided to ride our bikes from Philly to Manayunk recently and stopped here before we headed back to Philly. Boy I am glad we did! Amazing food, amazing service, and perfect weather, needless to say we didn't want to leave. WE WILL BE BACK SOON! We loved this place!Food was pretty good, had beets & burrata salad which was quite nice, others enjoyed their meals as well (work function).  Beer selection had a good mix.  Service was good.  Parking is terrible, good luck with what:)Try the osso bucco. This place is GREAT! The food is good and great quality. Work peers had the poke bowl and the steak mac. I had the osso. It was awesome! Definitely recommend this place when in the neighborhood. Will be back!
Try the osso bucco. Try the osso bucco. Try the osso bucco. Try the osso bucco. Try the osso bucco. I spelled it wrong.Waiting for my husband to rent his bicycle from Human Zoom I wandered into Goat's Beard, not expecting a lot and was delighted to find a very upscale, locally sourced kitchen with a creative chef and a flabbergasting whiskey menu. The specials were a braised beef tongue and a short rib braise over fries with a three cheese bechamel.  Great stuff!  It is in a trendy neighborhood, making the outdoor seating prime people watching territory, and the service was excellent.  Knowledgeable waitstaff who seemed to enjoy their work.  Tara was my waitress, and if I return, I will call ahead to be sure she is working that day.  A real pleasure, and this from a grumpy old woman....
  But the whiskey menu was the real stand out.  A few scotches, maybe 4 Irish (they need to add some Bushmills, esp. Black Bush) and lots of Bourbons.  Up or on the rocks is a $3 additional charge for close to a double.  I highly recommend the Blanton's.Wow. Just Wow. The goat nuggets are nuggets of gold. Probably some of the best things I have eaten in a while. This place seems like it has a great chefs and great management. Tom gave me the recommendation for the Goat nuggets because I was looking for something light and I like spicy food.
The staff are super friendly as well. They have Not your father's root beer here. All the customers here are super friendly as well. While at the bar I talked to a couple of the other customers and they all had great things to say about this place. I'll be back to try more of their menu. :DI came here for dinner last night with a friend. The atmosphere is great. The waitresses were friendly. The food did take awhile to come out but it was absolutely delicious!! I ordered the vegetable napoleon. My friend ordered the squash apple soup and mac & cheese. It was all delicious. The prices are reasonable. They have a halloween candy bowl on the way out.After hiking along forbidden drive with our pup we headed over to main Street manayunk for an early dinner. The goat's beard is pet friendly if you sit outside. Very casual place like your plate is a foil take out container casual. I didn't mind but think it is worth mentioning. Waitress was nice and loved our pup. We got our food fairly quickly considering they were backed up on orders from the opening rush.We were celebrating a family birthday.  Our waiter, Tom, was the best!  The menu had unique options.  The appetizers and entrees were plated perfectly and delicious.  One of us had the hamburger with egg, pineapple and beets, the other ribs, corn and potatoes, the other salmon, poached egg over asparagus and potatoes and the other bacon cheeseburger.  We all thoroughly enjoyed our food.  They also have a fantastic selection of craft beers!  We enjoyed the atmosphere and the option to eat outside if we liked (we did eat inside).  We would recommend this to all of our friends!.  (wonderful gluten free options on the main menu too!)You would be hard pressed to find worse service. 
 I was the first person to arrive.  I wanted to order some apps to be ready by the time my company arrived.  The bartender gave me a drink and a menu.  I never saw her face again.  She hung out at the end of the bar (her back to the customers) chatting with the waitstaff.  There are too many other options in the neighborhood to waste your time here.This is one of my favorite spots in Manayunk. Their happy hour varies on a daily basis, but there's always something for everyone. They tasty speciality cocktails. Their wine pours are generous. I really love their French fries. You can order different types. They are big portions and great for sharing. I also always order their chicken bites. They are a key happy hour item. I've ordered their steak and Mac and cheese. It was absolutely delicious. It comes in a skillet and stays warm throughout the meal. Their peak times are during happy hour, so it can get crazy, but if you go right at 5 then you can get a good spot. This place is very cozy. I recommend it for a date night or grabbing drinks with friends. I keep going back!Went here for dinner. The service was great: consistent and friendly.
The inside is a bit crammed; I was at a table of 4 with 3 others and I'm not a huge fan of the high chair set up. But that's not a major complaint.
I got the smoked trout pate as a starter. I'd say it was mediocre. It just didn't pack the amount of flavor you'd want from a pate.
I got the goat burger as my main dish as a friend recommended. It was good, but nothing special. The fries were tasty, but the burger was just a burger. It didn't stand out from the average burger at a bar in Philly.Came for dinner on a weekend evening with a group of 8 people and we were had an excellent experience. We knew what we were walking into with the "tapas" concept and out super bubbly waitress did a great job of explaining it for anyone at the table who wasn't exactly sure how to order. The food was superb -- ingredients and presentation wise. The portions were NOT small for tapas style eating, but may be considered "small" in comparison to a traditional "entree" sized portion. 
Our only gripe was that the food came out of the kitchen rather quickly., which was a bit overwhelming to our large group of people...though it does make sense since all of the dishes are 'made to order '. (I'd rather have hot food than stale food that was sitting under a heat lamp!). All in all it was a good experience and I'd definitely go back again. Cocktails are absolutely stand-out! I'd go here on a date, or a girl's night...might not be the best choice for a diner with traditional expectations, but still...food doesn't disappoint!We had the cheese plate which was unlike and better than any cheese plate I have had. The wine and cocktails where superb. The hamburger was good. The lamb meatballs were served with a vodka sauce and fabulous. We loved this place and didn't even have the mac and cheese steak and Nicholas that everyone raves about. But we will will be back - loved it!Please note the rating is entirely based on the food, not experience.
We came here for a late dinner Friday night over the holiday weekend. Upon arriving, we saw a table open on the sidewalk and requested to sit outside via the hostess. We waited inside while the table was cleared. However, while we waited, another party walked up and our table was given to them without the hostess' knowledge. Watching this happen, we were obviously frustrated as we had been waiting and for the lack of communication between the server and hostess, we missed out. Luckily, another table outside had cleared a few minutes later.
As we sat down, our table was not ready at all. No food/drink menus, silverware, etc. We again waited as the waitress fumbled to get all of this ready for us at our new table making several trips because she continued to forget pieces, We placed an order for drinks and looked over the menu which had many delicious options. Our waitress however did not come back for some time to take our order- a theme that occurred the rest of the night. We felt consistently forgotten about. Furthermore, after our meal, we had overheard how some drink specials were going on which 100% would have swayed our decision, had we been told.
Despite all of this, I was thrilled with my decision to order the steak mac and cheese. I was at first surprised when asked how I would like my meat cooked because I enjoy medium rare was was nervous how the run off would be in the cheese sauce. However it was not at all an issue! The portion was just the right amount of perfectly cookied gnocchi, rich and creamy cheese sauce, sweet and tangy bbq sauce and steak. I was a little hesitant upon seeing the bbq sauce when the dish arrived but the flavors blended well and exceeded my expectations. My only compliant would be using a butter knife to cut the steak- had I ordered medium well I don't think it would have worked. I did not walk away from this dish feeling over full or groggy- I highly recommend it. 
I would consider coming back for the food alone, since it was that good and the fries looked beyond appetizing.Recently moved to Manayunk and everyone has raved about The Goat's Beard so my boyfriend and I made a point to visit. The food is good, typical comfort food but prepared in unconventional ways. The Goat Nuggets are good, the mussels, the wings, etc. Not a bad happy hour spot. 
But this review is for the SERVICE. Every time we go we leave feeling uncomfortable and unwelcome. The servers are all pretty, young girls probably attending college in the area, who feel that they are doing you a favor by gracing you with their presence. They make comments, they roll their eyes, they sigh, they argue with you. Every single time we have patroned this restaurant the food has come out wrong - every single time. Usually its an uncomfortable thing to have food sent back and corrected, but occasionally it needs to be.
It sounds silly, but my boyfriend hates onions and asked the server to omit the onions from his Goat Burger. When it arrived, covered in caramelized onions -- we looked around for our server. After waiting for quite some time -- we finally asked the hostess if we could get some help. We explained to her about the burger and she looked at us incredulously, "so... you want a new one... or what." My boyfriend, uncomfortable and embarrassed at this point looked about to concede. Finally I cut him off. "YES, we would please like a new burger." She rolled her eyes, grabbed the plate and stomped off. 
Two seconds later our server comes back, apologizes for the burger and says, "Can we just scrape them off?" Sheepishly, he apologized and said no, they were covered in onions and he just didn't want it that way. 
She continued. "But you just had the wings and they were covered in the same onions." (I had ordered the wings -- for me -- I love onions. (Does this sound like a ridiculous conversation to anyone else????)
Clearly uncomfortable and unwilling to argue about something so trivial, he just said to forget it altogether. She came back to the table 3 times, loudly and immaturely clanking glasses and clearing away utensils we were still using. 
Five minutes later -- she comes back with a burger and a box -- saying that the kitchen wanted to make it anyway. (A box?? Are you kicking us out? Very clearly she did not want to serve us.) 
Every one in a while you get a crappy server whose overdeveloped sense of self gives them the false idea that they are better than you. Rarely is it a reflection of the restaurant itself.
However, similar situations have occurred every single time we have eaten at The Goat's Beard. There are better, cheaper options in Manayunk and certainly in Philadelphia. We won't be coming back.I absolutely love Goats Beard! It's our neighborhood go to place. 
The staff is extremely friendly and always going above and beyond to satisfy us (I.e..samples of wine, beer, whiskey). 
We usually sit at the bar when we visit but we have also enjoyed the dining room in the past and the service was just as wonderful (Kelsey was our server, I think). 
The food is so yummy! The goat nuggets are definitely a favorite. I also love the pickled jalapeños (I'm kind of a spice freak). 
I recommend this place to all of my friends when they are in from out of town and they always have a very enjoyable experience.Went there last night.  Service was awesome & the food & drinks were great too.
We got a little bit of everything.  We started with the mussels, goat nuggets & falafel. I would order all again except the falafel (sorry, I've been spoiled by Zahav)  For dinner we got the fish tacos, steak mac & cheese, & the scallops.  Would definately order all of them again.  Looking forward to going back!After a full day of professor-ing my partner and I decided to head to the Goat's Beard for a much deserved cocktail and meal prepared by another. We settled on the Goat's Beard, a place we have been to 3- 4 times in last year, certainly not enough to be anything like regulars but not a place with which we are unfamiliar. Moseying in at around 5:30pm we are asked about reservations. We have none, but with five tables open and an entire second floor likely not full, we feel relatively safe that the restaurant will be able to accommodate us. (In point of fact we have only ever made reservations once on a busy summer Saturday evening and otherwise have never had any trouble getting a table.) We are stashed at the worst table in the house, cattycorner to the bathrooms, directly across from the hostess stand and at one of the restaurants' two main entrances. When we inquire about the possibility of sitting at any one of the other five empty tables we are told they are reserved; second floor accommodations are not offered. Well, you have no reservations, you take your lumps, right? Until, that is, you see another small party waltz in without reservations and be taken to one of the best tables in the house: large, near the front of the restaurant, windows on both side, with the hostess stand nearly out of view.  Then you begin to question why this treatment has been accorded to others, but not you? Perhaps the other customers were regulars? Perhaps they standardly tip 50% or more (we tend to tip in 25- 30%)? Perhaps it is because this establishment would prefer to serve white customers or because money from white hands spends differently? Perhaps our appearance was off-putting, though we were hardly the only patrons in denim. The truth is, I really can't say. I do know that we have permanently crossed this place off our list for casual dining. A meal out should hardly force you to have so many questions, unclear answers, but most of all should not be staffed with people so very comfortable making the choices they did.Goat's Beard has a lot more seating than most restaurants on main street which is nice. We were able to be seated right away for brunch.  Nice, clean establishment for sure. I just felt like even though I enjoyed what I got (catfish sandwich) the menu selection was just okay, and super eclectic. I'm not a beyond picky eater or anything, but it was like of all the things I could have gotten I only would have ever ate one or two of those options. Plus, I felt both drinks and food were overpriced for what it was tbhGreat food great service. The bartenders are very old-school.  Attentive without being overbearing. Good conversation and they make a very good drink. A handlebar mustache would not have been out of place on these guys. If I lived closer, I could see this being one of my hang outIt's a good bar. That's about it. I ate there a couple of times. The food is mediocre. The servers are OK. Their worst crime was to serve a piece of pork belly that was recommended by the server and was the worst cooked pork belly I ever had. It was tough. That hog died for the wrong reason. 
This is not a college bar. That's a relief! Go there for drinks. Not for their food.This is where I want to be. 
Short pour bourbons priced right from a great list. And Good craft draft too. 
The service team were great and friendly. 
We shared burrata, SMOKED POTATOES and ham and cheese* while trying different bourbons while everyone was being really nice to us. 
I wanted to stay and let everyone continue to be nice to us but was hesitant to have another bourbon!
Never thought to smoke potatoes... Really good idea. 
* be thou not deceived by the name ham and cheese!  This is worth knowin' about.I am in love with their drink menu and their steak mac and cheese; the mussels were amazing, too! But I've been here a few times, and I sometimes wish the menu were more variable.You want to pay that premium for mediocre food and beer selection here's the place.
I'm happy to pay $15 for a "good" burger but at least make it good ...
I ordered the "secret sauce" on the side but a few bites in and I realized the sauce hides the odd flavor of the meat ...
Shame, the interior was pretty posh but the food was lackluster.
With so many American fair with a southern flair restaurants in this area getting it spot on every time, these guys really dropped the ball.
Bonus is the whiskey reserve list but without quality food I doubt we'll make it back here ever again.I love this place! They brought some fresh offerings to Main Street just in time! Their cocktails are thoughtfully crafted, fresh, and delicious. The small plates change seasonally, and are all pretty good. The portions are satisfying, the atmosphere is comfortable and the service is good as well. Some of my favorites so far are the Day Boat Scallops, Mussels, and their Steak. Can't wait to get back.I have dined at the Goats Beard 5-6 times and I've enjoyed it every time.  They have a nice bar with a great selection of liquor, the bartenders are cool and they really know how to mix a great cocktail.
However after this past weekend I WILL NEVER SET FOOT IN THIS ESTABLISHMENT AGAIN. Here's why...we arrived at 6pm on a Saturday, with the exception of two tables in the bar area, every table in the place was EMPTY. There was a reserved sign on the last remaining high top table at the bar but again, the remaining tables were empty.  There were two people working the hostess stand, one wanted to seat us but the other told her NOT to seat us because they had a lot of reservations coming at 6:30?!?!?!?! I was stunned, here we are two people ready able and willing to patronize this establishment but they were holding the tables for guest that may or may not show up. I say may or may not b/c there was an event on main st and it was closed to traffic therefore it may have been a challenge for others to get there.  
Here's the best part, the hostess that would not seat us told us that she'd "have a table for us in about 30 minutes" so let's be clear...we couldn't be seated at 6 when the restaurant was practically empty, but we could be seated at 6:30 which is the time in which all of the so called reservations were arriving. That was horrible customer service, and I have no problem taking my money elsewhere.
It's an unfortunate turn of events because we really liked Goats Beard. Fortunately this is Philly and there are tons of great restaurants to chose from.By far my favorite place in Manayunk. The burger is amazing. The staff is always nice and I've never had issues with being greeted and getting seated. The live music is also a plus.This place is AWESOME! The food is extremely high quality and reasonably priced for the quality! The places is a little small, but they make up for it with a HUGE heart!  I promise you will not be disappointed!Unique bar in Manayunk. Great atmosphere, awesome rotating draft and cocktail menus, and good food. Bartender Tim is super friendly and very knowledgeable. Great for a night out with friends or a date night. Can't wait to come back.Stopped in for dinner on Tuesday night with a friend. Although it is Restaurant Week, I opted to order from the regular menu while my friend chose from the RW menu. I started with the Mac & Cheese and it was amazing! I had seen a lot of great reviews for it and was really looking forward to trying it. It did not disappoint! My friend got the Goat Nuggets and they were so tasty! For our entrees, I got a burger and he got the Steak & Potatoes. Both were equally as delicious as the appetizers. 
I loved the atmosphere and the service was also very good. I would definitely recommend this to friends and would return any time!There not going to deep fry frozen food and dump it on your plate.  They are not going to pour shitty booze into plastic cup and call it a cocktail.  
If that is what you are looking for pump the breaks...
If you want a quality dining experience, go to The Goat.
If you want the best drink in Manayunk go to The Goat.Well this is a little bit of a surprising oasis on Main Street! Ambiance is warm and welcoming, cozy, sometimes gets a bit loud, but fantastic. Went with a large group, we must say the Kimchee fries and cheese plates are not to be missed. Disappointed in the goat empanadas, very strong in taste and very small in serving. Drinks were fantastic, lots to choose from. The mac n cheese sirloin, had way too much panko for our liking, but still tasty. The salads were to die for. Our waiter was a bit over tentative, kept interrupting our conversation on needless inquiry. Not bad, just a bit overzealous. We will come back, trust me on this, lots of places to eat here, but only a handful truly great. This place is in our top three.I am so excited to see the location that was once good (as Thomas') and sunk into the trough of despair ("Workhorse") resurrect (appropriately, so close to Easter) as the Goat's Beard. The renovation to the space is beautiful. I would say that its ambiance is currently among the best in Manayunk (alongside places like Yanako). 
Our waitress was very friendly, and was very good at laughing at my bad jokes. This is an acquired skill, and so I appreciate it when people get it right. 
The menu was had an OK selection of entrees and sandwiches, and the price point was moderate. I had the burger, which was tasty, and my wife went with the pork belly, which she liked but found the portion to be on small side. I guess it was supposed to be like a tappas sort of deal. I'm sure that they will fine tune their menu over time, given that they just opened. 
The beer menu is good. They have a reasonable selection for craft brew enthusiasts, and the mixed drink list is creative. 
Overall, I would say to drop in and check it out if you happen to be in the area. There are currently better places in Manayunk, but I think it's worth supporting this concept, as I think the Goat's Beard has the potential to be a great place and a welcome addition to the neighborhood.Food was good but the service was horrible and my burger was cooked way under medium and I was given the excuse that temperatures here at goats beard are different from the normal medium temperature that society goes by.I had high hopes for this joint. They set the scene right, giving tables a cozy and romantic feel with tealight candles. The menu was presented with a wood backing that gave it a sophisticated rustic feel. Our hostess was extremely welcoming and brought a sample of beer that I had asked about and one that I hadn't so that we could make the best choice. However, the food here really let me down. We started with the beef tartare. I liked the fried rice cracker, which came out warm and fresh and countered the cold beef. But the beef itself was laid out on pear slices that didn't make sense with the dish, at least in my opinion. First of all, it was difficult to figure out how to eat pear slices and floppy meat at the same time, and the pear was sliced kind of big relative to the meat. Second, the bright flavor of the pear, which I think was maybe supposed to tone down the savory quality of meat, actually overwhelmed the beef flavor for me. I think it was very aesthetic but not as functional. Then, the bf ordered the pork belly and scallops and I had the salmon poke. I know what you're thinking - who orders poke at a gastropub? It was a rookie mistake. I was looking for something light and vegetable-loaded to balance out my diet while traveling, but this was not the right choice. The dish could best be described as weird. It wasn't pretty, the toppings they included seemed semi-random and didn't really combine with each other, and the sauce coating the salmon was really sad. Aside from being very salty, the flavor didn't do anything to complement the salmon. The pork belly/scallop dish was salty as well. Alas, I loved the setting and the service and would come back perhaps to sit at the bar, but I couldn't advise anyone to shell out for the food here.Awesome Mac & Cheese with the Steak. Had the Sangria and a Shot Of Whiskey. ...Hand's Down is Great Food and Drinks the best.  My husband had the Wings. It was good and had good taste with the buttermilk.My husband and I went during happy hour the drinks were priced very reasonably the food was outstanding!!! Great menu and great service!I lived beside The Goat's Beard for a year and they have the best weekly specials in Manayunk.  Thursday $5 select specialty cocktails and $5 Goat Nuggets accompanied by some live music is a steal.I thoroughly enjoyed this place.  Good atmosphere for a Wednesday.   I ordered the halibut and avocado.   Good salsa mix, too.  Will definitely come back.Goat nuggets were legit, not legit goat nugs but legit chicken nuggies. Not sure if that makes sense but it does.I've been here three times. I've really likes all the food I've gotten here. With the exception of one appetizer we ordered, which came out so small it was funny, everything was amazing. I'm waiting for them to bring back the chicken sandwich with the tomato bacon chutney! I love whiskey too and their whiskey cocktails are outstanding. Will be back again and againWe came here out of default of another restaurant being too crowded to accommodate our party.  
I ordered the burger for lunch and chicken nuggets for my niece (with blue cheese and siracha on the side).  Both were so good.  
I have a feeling that this meal would have exceeded the meal we would have had at the first place we tried.Great atmosphere- slightly older crowd (late 20s, early 30s) compared to the fresh out of college scene of Manayunk. Staff is always helpful and friendly. Drinks are reasonably priced and they've got a decent selection of beers. This place has the best dang hummus platter I've ever had in my life. If you asked me to choose between cheese fries and that hummus platter, I would choose the hummus. And cheese fries are my one true love, so that's saying a lot. There's usually live music on weekend nights- someone doing cover songs- it's a chill and slightly classy place to grab drinks with a friend, or have a date night.I was at the Manayunk Streat Festival this past weekend, and due to the lack of trucks still dishing things up at 2pm, we headed in to Goat's Beard. We chatted up the owner who let us know they had only opened two weeks ago. He was super friendly, and it was obvious he was hoping the crowds would take to his new place.
The atmosphere is great...big open windows, natural wood, green accents, comfortable chairs. We were here for a mid day drink, and they weren't serving food yet. I got a blueberry lemonade which was interesting but a bit too acidic. Clearly they are still working out some opening kinks, but the place looks promising.Stopped in for lunch on Saturday.  Great lunch/ brunch menu and a $15 lunch special!   Great service by Justin. Very relaxed urban decor.  Highly recommend.I was visiting the area on business from Los Angeles and a friend  told me about The Goat's Beard.  The bar area is inviting and reminded me of many of the popular gastropubs I have been to in California - small plates to share, great beer/wine list and a young, fresh vibe.  
We ate outside and had the fish tacos, mac & cheese (a must) and the scallops - all were fantastic!  The service was impeccable as well.  I also wandered upstairs to check out the rest of the restaurant and found an amazing loft like area for chillier nights - it would also be perfect for a private party. It is not often when all elements come together (food/drinks/service/atmosphere) but this one has proven to be quite a gem and I look forward to my next visit.In a word this place was fantastic!!  We started with the mussels & fries as well as the felafel.  The mussels were the clear winner for our appetizers. . I could have doubled down on those for dinner. The felafel was good, although only so much you can do with that. . . 
For dinner my colleague had a curry chicken dish which he liked, but I was not interested in trying because I was having the short rib mac and cheese. . . OMGoodness!!!  GRUB!!!!  must try this if you go.
Excellent whiskey selection and some great beers as well.
I will certainly stop here again the next time I am in the Philly area.It was nice out so my girlfriend and I sat outside both days we were visiting manayunk. The goats burger was great and the fries were amazing.This place is really excellent in all respects.  We were 4 for dinner last night.  We sat upstairs, which was nice and cozy.  Superb whisky list and beer list, wine  -- not so much.  I had a whisky from Utah, of all places, which was excellent.  The food we all had was excellent -- great caesar salad, the best fish & chips I ever had anywhere, very good salmon, excellent beet salad.  Everything is homemade.  They even cut their own meats.  Very good service.  We will definitely be back soon.Can we talk about the Dirty Martini's!? God damn delicious. Make sure Timmy makes it and give you the extra shakesI loves me some Goats Beard! The food is excellent every time.  I've tried most things on the menu and have loved almost everything and I'm VERY picky!  the halibut ceviche is not to be missed and I don't normally eat fish/seafood!!! The food is clean, the cocktails are damn refreshing and the menu changes seasonally. It can get pretty crowdy on the weekends, but happy hour during the week is always laid back and easy.Yummy! Only complaint was the music. Very corny. Didn't go with the delicious food and fabulous wine and beer selection!I used to be a weekly regular, but have since moved. Was in town and went today for brunch and was really looking forward to it. Gorgeous day on Main Street. Couldn't ask for more. The service was lackluster at best and the food was actually too gross to eat (all 3 in my party agreed it was inedible), and we had to return it. The server didn't seem to care. We never heard from a manager. I actually had to ask the server to take the dirty plates from our table. She ran my credit card  but did not bring the check with it.  I had to ask to see it to make sure we weren't charged for the disgusting food that we returned. What an incredible disappointment that one of my favorite places has gone downhill so badly. I won't be returning.Excellent, unique entrees. Many delicious gluten free options!  Highly recommend!  Will definitely be back!2nd time we've been to The Goat's Beard now, and we've been impressed both times. Food, drinks and service are all top notch at this place. Stopped by on Black Friday for lunch and to catch the first period of the Flyers game. Nice selection of Craft Beers, and an extensive Whiskey lineup. 
Food wise, we opted for the Burger, which was cooked to perfection, and served with a ton of fries ! 
Tim was great, put the game on for us and made sure that our drinks stayed full. 
The brunch menu looked good, so we may be returning soon to check that out. 
Great place overall. Go check it !Did not have a chance to take pics here but their CORN BREAD is phenom!! My other fav dish is also the chicken nuggets -- very well seasoned and spicy! We also ordered the old bay fries -- which is pretty good. Their hummus is so unique that it has crispy peas! Very well priced too. They also have live music! Worth stop by if you are around Manyounk!The Steak Mac and Cheese is amazing! Friendly staff and great ambiance. I definitely need to go back!We went for dinner and thought it was average. The food wasn't bad, but it wasn't spectacular either (we had the poke bowl and bahn mi). Service was just okay as well; we were not notified of the specials. Our server was not rude but wasn't very friendly either. Overall, dinner was fine but I'm not sure we'll go back.Easy to grab a table without a reservation on a Wednesday night.  I had the brisket tacos, which were good, not excellent.  The tacos could definitely use a bit more meat, but the flavors came together nicely.  My husband had the salmon, a healthy yet very good dish.  Overall, we had a great experience, and would recommend for q bite to eat in Manayunk, especially to avoid the college kids!We've been wanting to try The Goat's Beard for brunch for a while, so we got to Manayunk extra early this Sunday to get prime parking and be there when they opened their doors. It's a good thing we got there right away because within 20 minutes, the entire place was packed with only select seating available at the bar. 
When we walked in the restaurant, I smelled the faintest scent of Old Bay seasoning, so when I ordered my bacon, egg and cheese, I requested their Old Bay fries instead of the breakfast fries and it was such a clutch decision. Their Old Bay fries rocked my socks off! My boyfriend ordered the breakfast burger with Old Bay fries and our friend ordered the chorizo tacos with a side of Old Bay fries (are you seeing a pattern here? ;) We were all very pleased with our meals as well as the presentation of our food. Although The Goat's Beard is on the pricier side for brunch, it was definitely worth it. 
I enjoyed the laid back Sunday morning atmosphere at The Goat's Beard. Despite being a popular place, the wait staff let us take our time and did not rush us out.Overall, The Goat's Beard is a great brunch place to delight in the warm and inviting decor while conversing with friends over a tasty meal to begin concluding the weekend.I came here yesterday, not knowing it was Manayunk Restaurant Week and I am so glad I did. Everything was delicious! My friend and I ordered the hummus (which is big enough for 2) and it was some of the best hummus I have ever had. It was smooth and creamy and had diced tomatoes in the middle. Beautiful presentation as well. Then I had the fish of the day (I forget what type of fish it was) stuffed with crab and a side salad. I love anything crab! The fish was a little dry but still very tasty and the side salad was the prettiest side salad I have seen, and it tasted good too. For dessert, I had the strawberries and cream, which was really strawberry shortcake. SOOOO GOOD!!! The shortcake was lightly toasted which made it light and soft and airy with the right amount of sweetness.  The strawberries were sweet for not in season and homemade whip cream?? I was in heaven. Service was wonderful too. Our waiter constantly checked on us and was very friendly. Very nice. Overall, I say it's a must go to. Did I mention you get to select either wine or beer as part of your Restaurant Week meal? Get before it's over!My friend and I went here for lunch on a whim and we weren't disappointed.  We shared the buttermilk hot wings and chorizo breakfast tacos.  The breakfast French fries were amazing! I also tried the 30 day strawberry which was a delightful tequila drink.  Do yourself a favor and go here.  You aren't going to regret it.My husband and I had dinner here last week. To our surprise, it wasn't as good as we had hoped. Everything fell under the category of "good not great". My husband got a burger, which was good. Nothing to complain about there. I got the vegetable tikka masala, which was a mistake. I knew right after I ordered it that it would be. First of all, we weren't at an Indian restaurant. Second, it was too different. As a lover of Indian food, it was really hard to enjoy. They used regular white rice instead of basmati rice, which makes a huge difference taste-wise and texture-wise. There were sweet potatoes and broccoli, which made up the  vegetables. I was definitely not a fan of those tastes with the tikka sauce. To sum it up, I wouldn't get it again. I would stick to your regular American-bar food here.Chicken and Grits were amazing. Chicken was breaded, fried, and stuffed with grits (I think).  I think I ordered the same thing before and the chicken breast was baked (which was also very good). I think I like the fried option better.  Service was great.Great atmosphere, food and drinks. We were sitting upstairs and it was really quiet which was great cause we could easily talk. Everyone was really nice to us, no complaintsAlways had a great experience here. Food and drinks are well crafted. Simple menu but done well. Goat nuggets are highly recommended! But honestly can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Great whiskey selection and strong cocktails. Location is convenient, can almost always find parking. Plus occassionally valet is available. Note: love the decor, outside seating, great date place. And thumbs up to service too!This was probably the worst place I have came to when visiting Pa.  They said the wait was 15 minutes for outside and would send a text when seating was ready, which was no problem.  We walked around for 45 minutes and they didn't seat us until we started complaining.  The waiter was friendly and helpful.  After over an hour of waiting, and everyone after us came, got their food, and left, all she could say was that it should be up shortly.  Wonderful food but service sucks, and do not see myself coming back.This is the best bar/restaurant in the Manayunk area In my opinion.  I have never written a review on yelp for anything, but I feel obligated to do so here.  It's been about three years straight now that this has been my favorite place in town.  I would assume I have now eaten here more than 25-30 times and I have yet to be disappointed.  I like to find new places for brunch and dinner or even a new place to just grab a beer, but I have yet to find a place like this.  The establishment is without flaw.  The food is on point and the menu is uniquely delicious and thoughtful.  Service is what service should be.  Kind, quick and not invasive.  The staff works to ensure you have the best food and drink experience and that is all.  Perfect.LOVE this bar! One if the great whiskey bars in Philly. The Goats Sour is AMAZING! House mix and their own flair on a whiskey sour. Highly recommend. The daily specials are worth checking out. Some nights they run a whiskey flight special which is great for tasting new and unusual whiskeys. They bartenders are great too! I believe my bartender is Daren. Knowledgeable and makes a great drink. The food is good too, and depending on the night there is always a special on an entree.It's rare that you go to a restaurant for the first time and it meets all the important criteria, but The Goat's Beard does exactly that.  Great menu, service was outstanding, tasteful decor, clean bathroom, live music, and kid-friendly.  Went on a Sunday for dinner at 5:30pm.  Mussels and fries were good (mussels average size, broth had very good flavor, nice portion size).  Risotto was tasty.  Skip the garden salad, nothing special.  butternut squash soup had ginger in it, which added a punch and some texture.  Very tasty.  Burger was nicely done, a bit greasy from the fried onions, but good flavor and cooked well.  Steak and mac and cheese (actually gnocchi and cheese) was very good.  Excellent flavor and prep on the beef.  Nice hummus plate.  If you are dining with 6 or more, ask for a table upstairs.  Cool atmosphere and lots of space.  Awesome whiskey and bourbon menu here.  The live music on Sundays at 7 was excellent, solo guitar player.  This is one of my new spots!  Shawn, the owner, checked in with us, and the chef asked how the food was.  They really care here, it was a great evening out.The food is consistently creative, earthy, and tasty. The quality is also very high.  Service has been attentive, down to earth, and professional.  Good array of craft beers on tap along with creative cocktails (Bloody Mary for Sunday brunch does the trick quite well).Great food, genuinely really great food but sadly this place has always been a bummer for me. I've been to eat here three times and on two occasions I've waited for over an hour for food. The first time was restaurant week, they had an incredible deal, and I must stress the food was amazing, but they told us the kitchen was backed up so we had to wait 20 minutes to order, they were up front that was fine. 30 minutes later we ordered, an hour after that we got fed. The manager was very apologetic, but there was no compensation on our bill. 
I then went there for brunch about a month ago, they weren't overly busy as we got seated immediately. The same thing happened, we waited over an hour for food an the waitress didn't seem bothered at all. Again, the food was great but sadly I will not be going back.Great atmosphere, service, food, and drinks. Truly a wonderful place to spend a relaxed evening with friends. 
Highlights:
- Waitress (Alex) was fantastic. Very friendly and provided helpful advice throughout the evening. You could tell she just enjoyed her job and the place she worked. 
- Drinks: Great options at a reasonable price for Manayunk. 
- The owner walked around throughout the night and chatted with many of the patrons.  Friendly guy, could tell he really did want honest feedback on our experience.This little spot on the quieter and less pretentious end of Main St Manayunk should be kept hush so it doesn't get invaded by "those people"  who occupy the other end of Main St !  
Ok,  so that wasn't nice ...  and it's also pretty close to the truth.
I digress.  Let's get back to the Goat's Beard ...
Succulent.  Mouth-watering.  Lots of humming and food savoring grunts.
This was my experience with every bite !   
I've had multiple friends recommend this place and I see why they were so insistent.
Went with a dear friend and we shared the Vegetable Neopolitan and the Goat Burger.   Both equally amazing.   The Neopolitan was so fresh,  so flavorful  ... compiled brilliantly.   And that BURGER ... Hands-down,  best I have ever had in Philly.  Didn't need a blessed condiment -- juicy, just the right amount of salt ... I'm drooling even now thinking about it !
Crispy, well-seasoned fries to boot !!
The server was so passionate about the food,  how it's locally-sourced and had many recommendations.   Every person we encountered was friendly and accommodating.
Get here and be quiet about it ...Great place, great people, great Sazarac and great Dinner! The Cheese Fries and The Mac N Cheese were awesome!The octopus is amazing!!! All around excellent food, though it's not cheap. They have a small amount of outdoor seating and street parking onlyBurger was delicious but the fries were on point tho. We were seated right away and the hostess/waitress was attentive. I thought the design of the place was pretty cute, very hipster looking. All in all, a nice and moderately priced place to get burgers and fries.Bit of an issue with a coupon offer, but the manager was very helpful and nice. The waitstaff was rather clueless.  Hostess couldn't find our reservation and waitress came over and leaned over table (in the middle of our conversation and food) to take a jar of flowers away.  About 5 minutes later, she did the same thing.  Come on.  Why are you doing that now and not when the table is turned?  It's not like you were lighting a candle.  PLUS, they looked like the same wilted bunch.  Weird.  Then tried to take took app away while still working on it.  
I had the "everything" burger which was ok.  I never had a burger with beets, pineapple, eggs and who knows what else on it.  Not my favorite.  However, the fries were good.  I didn't know what the white sauce that came with it was and the waitress said it was garlic aoili and it was fabulous (or something).  Tasted like mayo to me.  The chef was very accommodating about making my friends fish taco.   
On our way out, I saw the wings, which looked really great, as well as the cheese plate.  I liked the decor, which is industrial vintage ( I have several similar pieces) on the wall
Waitstaff/hostest needs some training and for some reason, they always seemed to be running up and down the stairs.  Never saw any food though.  Kitchen up there?  The entrance really should be by the front door.  Me and my friend stood there for several minutes until the manager led us to a side entrance hostess stand.i went here during one of the bar hop events. the bartenders were very polite and very social. most of the local bars were requiring us to buy wings but they let us get our drink special without a hassle. i have been here several times since and it is one of my favorite barsGirlfriend completed the 1/2 marathon Philly Love Run earlier in the day. With plans to go back to NYC later, we wanted to make sure to leave Philly on a very tasty note. Our hosts made the executive decision to check out this place.
When we arrived, I couldn't help but notice how nice the place looks. The kind hostess greeted us and told us that it would be only a few minutes until they seat our party of four. Not soon thereafter we were taken upstairs to be seated. The natural lighting in the location was great, and the seats were comfortable.
Our server came by very quickly and dropped off menus. He was very open, and gave us the heads up that a few key items (biscuits and gravy, goat gyro) wouldn't be available for us to order. It was disappointing given that we were there right around 1 pm.
Luckily, there were drink specials and I was able to get a very good tasting $3 draft beer (Narragansett). Some of us ordered cocktails which were nice as well.
The food orders started coming in 20 or so minutes after we placed our orders. Things were staggered, so we got a plate every three or so minutes (which was kind of weird to me).
The food that we got (mac and cheese, hummus and pita, TGB nuggets) tasted really good and the service was great. This place could easily have gotten five stars if they had more of their key menu items in stock. Full disclosure, they did give us a complimentary Mac and cheese, which we thought was very kind.
I would recommend checking this place out, but do arrive early before all the  is gone!Visited last night with my husband. Made a reservation for 815pm but we got there much earlier around 745pm. The hostess greeted us and told us it would be another 15 min which was totally okay. We went to the bar to grab some drinks. We ordered the Friendly Neighbor which was delicious!!! The bartender Tim was very sweet. 30 min later we still didn't have our table but we didn't mind because the place was packed! Finally for dinner,I ordered the Mac & cheese "side" big enough to be an entree. It was outstanding!! My husband ordered the fish and chips. They were fried to perfection! crunchy on the outside but the fish melted in your mouth. Very very good. Our waiter was also very nice. Can't wait to come back !!My friend and I were looking for a place to celebrate her birthday with some friends and we were driving up and down Main Street and we decided to go into the goats beard, from the moment we walked in we were instantly greater by Sean who showed us around the place, went into detail about what he and his staff do to accommodate our large party. We preordered appetizers so they would be ready for us when we arrived. The night of the dinner went completely smooth we had our own personal waiter Tom who is a student at temple and did an amazing job! The food came out at the perfect time and everything was a a crows pleaser! There was no a plate that left the table with food on it. The hummus was just as awesome as the wings and goat nuggets. After our dinner we were so happy with the food selection we even had 4 deep fried brownie sundaes that were more delicious than they sound! Over all I can't wait to go back again the food the service the atmosphere was all top notch. Definitely the hot new place on Main Street!We went shortly after they opened and I can't believe this is the place that used to be the Workhorse, it's been completely updated with great lighting and a warm atmosphere (slightly reminiscent of Agiato). Huge upgrades on ambiance, quality of cocktails, and of course, food. I tried the East Sider to start (New Amsterdam gin, muddled lime, simple syrup, cucumber) and loved it. Definitely a great drink for summer. For food I opted for the duck breast with swiss chard, white raisins and cherries. Again I thoroughly enjoyed the flavors and the presentation was nice.
Now for the negative. The duck breast (which included about 5 small slices of breast on an appetizer plate) was $16.00, a bit high for what I felt was in essence an appetizer. To be fair, our server (who was very attentive and friendly) did warn us that it would really take 2 items from what I assume was supposed to be the entree list and 1 item from the appetizer list to feed 2 people, but I am hoping the food prices drop as they hit their groove (or that they begin running some happy hour food specials, which would definitely get me to walk down after work).
All in all we had a good experience, and we'll definitely be going back (I did see a $12 burger that I'd like to try). A great place for date night but not the type of corner bar we're used to in Manayunk (which is not a bad thing of course). I'd recommend trying the place out for sure, and I wish them the best of luck.
Positives: great staff, amazing atmosphere, well conceived and executed cocktails and food.
Negatives: A bit pricey for the portion size. If you're looking to go on the cheap I'd stick to the burger or the fish tacos at the bottom of the menu.A little bummed out to have to downgrade them to 3 stars. Here's the problem: they are not a good value.
The food is fine and some things are even very good but some items need to either be made better or cost less $. 
For example, we ordered the House Salad for lunch which was a small bowl. It was really a side salad and cost $7. In their defense, they comped us the cost after we complained.
But what was really a "are you kidding me?" moment was the french toast we ordered for the kids. We're talking about 2 thin slices of good, but nothing special french toast with syrup. That's it. No fruit, no other topping. Price? $12! 
Come on now. 
Maybe it's the crazy Main street rents that force them to charge these unreasonable prices....not sure. They have good people cooking back there. They can do better.My friend and I had a wonderful hot summer evening dining experience outside.  We stuck with Specials ...1) cold soup, the flavors were so amazing and well paired.  We both had the stuffed 2) cabbage special.  Again, the combination of flavors were amazing and imagination that went into the dish was obvious.  I could and/or would not be able to ever make either option (1 or2) on my own- that is one reason we go out, right?
At any rate, my friend found the dish too spicy and was totally taken care of by the restaurant.  They were very kind and understanding.
The only thing..... they offer sparkling water in a bottle to save on plastic, but then served it in plastic cups
Highly recommend this place and if you want something really out of the 'Chef's Brain Power' try a special! ..... maybe just ask detailed questions if you have some palate issues.The Goats Beard is our favorite restaurant ever! When my fiancé and I moved from manayunk to Wayne, we couldn't have been more trilled to see that they opened a location here. We have been here dozens of times and have never had a bad meal. Excellent!One of the best restaurants in Manayunk!
Great location with the perfect combination of fine dining and a fun bar. The seasonal menus always introduce another delicious dish, while keeping the customer favorites. My personal favorite is the Steak Mac & Cheese, which uses potato gnocchi instead of macaroni. The gnocchi and steak together just melt in your mouth. My husband also loves the extensive selection of whiskey they offer and tries to order something new each time.I'm a regular in the Manayunk restaurant scene and I've been coming to this place for over a year and it's by far my favorite spot on Main Street! The first time I went was for the super bowl 2015 with my boyfriend, I had the wings and we've been coming back ever since! The food is consistently outstanding, the cocktails are innovative and refreshing. 
The last time I went I had the ceviche and the fish tacos. I've had the fish tacos before (one of my favorites) but I'd yet to try the ceviche. It did not disappoint! For a drink I had the pineapple mojito sangria, it was quite good and unique, never seen such a combination before!
Other dishes I'd recommend are the goat nuggets, steak Mac and cheese, and if you're still hungry for it, the fried brownie is to die for!! Will definitely be coming back for years to come.One of the best spots in Manayunk. Small, cozy, on the corner with high grade cocktails and food everyone can enjoy. Must visit.I really want to like this place - the decor is nice, solid whiskey/beer list and a good menu, however the food quality and service is spotty at best.   
There are some menu items which are really good, such as the cheese fries and their burgers, however other items have been a let down - the wings, sardines on toast, and croque madame to name a few.  Additionally, the service is anything but consistent.  While we have had friendly servers, we have also had some rude ones.I really can't get enough of the steak w mac + cheese. My boyfriend always enjoys the burger or is kind enough to find something on the menu because every time I visit I get the steak mac + cheese. *Awesome* They always have interesting, good cocktails too!Came here for a friends birthday. Atmosphere is very trendy. Music was good when you can hear it ( this will be my only negative ) it's very small and very loud could hardly hear my friends sitting right next to me. 
However the food was excellent. I had the BBQ pork shirt ribs ( the BBQ was to die for!) corn on the cob ( had cheese and toasted coconut flakes on top! Would have never thought of that combo but man they nailed it!) and potato salad with apples and grapes in it! I'm mean can you say friggin YUM! 
The only reason I'm giving this 4 stars instead of 5 was first the noise level and second some of my ribs were very fatty and my husband wasn't blown away with his order of grilled ham and cheese. 
But totally worth a try! 
Ps: parking sucks might as well have the valet guy park you for 5 dollars instead of the ten dollar parking up the street.Small menu and very good food.  The wings were some of the best I've ever had. I will definitely be back. My wife also enjoyed the salad though I forget which one she ordered.  Small place though and kind of expensive though the food and fresh ingredients are used.  Though it's hard to justify paying $1.00 per wing when the place down the street has 25 cent wings on Wednesday.  
This is a great place to take a date.Unique menu, outstanding octopus and steak mac n cheese, creative craft cocktails, deep selection of fine bourbon, skilled enthusiastic bartender, friendly servers and regular patrons made my solo business trip dinner at the bar an enjoyable evening. The unique tequila shot with cinnamon and orange slice topped off the night - thanks Stephanie!So, I talked hubs into a long brisk walk on the SRT yesterday. We needed some serious grub to fuel the walk back. I've always wanted to try it and some outside tables were open. IThere seemed to be a miscommunication between servers as each thought the other had us, but no one did. So we sat for 10 min., unable to flag anyone down. It also took awhile to get the check.  It seemed the input of tickets and output of food had little bearing on who arrived when. A couple next to us sat down and had food within minutes. A couple there ahead of us was still waiting for their food long after we'd finished ours. Not sure if dining inside would have been a speedier option. But there are worse things to do than sit in the sun on Main Street and watch people go by. Now onto the food...worth the wait! I inhaled my Croque Madame, which was so much more than I hoped for. Seriously delish. Hubs also did damage on his pork and kimchi fries. I'd definitely go back for dinner and dine inside.Love goats beard! Veggie burgers were great as well as bruschetta and mixed drinks!Awesome food and atmosphere. Great food great service. We went on Margarita Monday and the margaritas were only $5 each. How can you beat that? They were strong too!!! I got the goat nuggets and Caesar salad and both were awesome! I cannot wait to go back and is right up there with best restaurant I've been to in Philly!I enjoy the burgers here and the fries. The location itself is nice looking and friendly but I wish they had more space because more often than not I was bumping elbows with some people. Good place to go during the week for a nice dinner.From the nuggets, to the pretzels, to the wings. Disappointed. 
Notice how the mustard is a paste... and the pretzel (no "s") is a bunch of deep fried raw in the middle crispy on the outside dough sticks.We were surprised by how high the food quality was for a simple gastropub. Beautiful presentation, great service and generous portions!
Excellent value. A solid 4 stars.We were in town for a hockey tournament and were lucky to find the Goat's Beard (through Yelp)  The food (pork belly Benedict and chorizo and egg tacos) were excellent.   Staff and atmosphere were great. We will certainly be back when we are in town.I LOVE this place . From the draft list to the food everything is just sooo good and consistent!Excellent beers, cocktails, and a unique menu. The goats beard seems to offer a more upscale bar scene with amazing food. The burger is delicious and fairly priced and their early and late happy hours offer great deals on drinks and food. Finally, the staff and manager have always been on point and the bar tenders are knowledgeable and friendly. Probably one of the best places to stop by in manayunk money well spent.Love this place! Went in last night with my boyfriend, brother and his girlfriend and we were welcomed warmly with a shot and a "thank you for coming in". The ambiance and decor is really relaxing and not too stuffy. It is a nice breath of fresh air in the middle of Manayunk's dive bar scene, but without being too much. We got a couple beers and ordered some food. We had the fish and chips and the fish was cooked to perfection and the fries were crispy and perfect. I love that it came with 3 sauces (ketchup, vinegar and an aoli of some sort) because I am a dipper. I LOVE my sauces, My brother and is girlfriend wanted just fries, and even though it wasn't on the menu, they accommodated us very well with a big plate of fries with herbs and cheese on top. YUM! We will definitely be back!The service is a five plus. I got the burger, medium rare, it was juicy and flavorful. The problem was the size, it was between a slider and a typical hamburger and the fries we're definitely a "small."  The wings, an appetizer, was excellent in flavor, and 9 wings in size. The mussels were very good, with a wonderful broth, the fries were on the bottom, again a small portion. The special was a snapper for $23. It was very small and rather boring. A nice selection of beer, served very cold and again, the service was exceptional. Had the portions been larger or the prices lower I would definitely be back.My dining companion and I both know how hard it is opening a restaurant, and if Goat's Beard had been open for six month as opposed to just three days, this would be a two-star review (maybe I have a soft spot).  We definitely plan on returning, and I will re-evaluate when everything's had a little more time to fall into place.  We're thrilled to have a fun yet more "mature" new restaurant come to Main Street, and I cannot wait to see beyond the main bar area into the outdoor and upstairs dining spaces.
The décor in the bar area is lovely with warm wood elements and a cozy window seat that people really seemed to be enjoying.  However, the four-person high top tables are simply too big - there's not enough room for people to pass by let alone for anyone to stand in the bar area.  Not too sure how a bar in Manayunk can survive without the room to even go two people deep, but maybe it's a good change of pace.  The other issue with this is that the host stand is not by the front door but by the side door, and every guest needed to squeeze and weave their way through the tight space to get there.
The bar has 8 taps and a decent selection of bottled beers.  We were surprised by the prices on some of the drafts - $6 for a Yards Pale Ale and $6.50 for a Victory Prima Pils?  A little high for Manayunk (and for our local brews).  A selection of classic cocktails at $8.50 each and a few wines by the glass that average $7-8 round out the drink menu.
The current menu is a nice size - not too big, but still has something for everyone - five first course/small plate options (bruschetta, $8.50, spring rolls, $8), three salads, eight second course options (duck breast with braised swiss chard, white raisins and chrry gastrique, $16, Lancaster County chicken with Israeli cous cous, $13.50), and four sandwiches (including a burger and a veggie burger).  They were out of two things we had wanted to try - to be expected this early in the game when things like this are still being figured out.  We asked to start with the wings with caramelized onions and roasted jalepenos, and then I ordered the fish tacos, and my dining companion ordered the crispy chicken sandwich.
The wings were perfectly cooked - crispy on the outside and juicy on the inside.  Despite the jalepenos, however, they didn't have much heat, and they pretty stingy on the caramelized onions.  The sauce was sweet, and the jalepenos could have been more evenly distributed for a better kick.  My fish tacos came out next - tasty, but nothing to write home about.  Strangely enough, the fish of one taco was light and flaky while the fish of the other was kind of mealy.  I finished my tacos (who wants to eat cold fish tacos?) before my dining companion's sandwich came out.  The size of the chicken was incredibly disappointing - possibly they were running low and were trying not to 86 any more items, but it was as if a chicken tender/strip had been cut in half and placed side by side on the sandwich.  The breading on the chicken was good - crispy as the name of the sandwich implied - as was the roll.  The accompanying fries were nicely cooked and appeared homemade/handcut, though very heavily salted.
Service was friendly but not memorable.  One slight annoyance was that after the chicken sandwich came out so far behind the fish tacos, our server stopped by to let us know that things just come out of the kitchen when they're ready because it's a small plates type of menu.  If that were the case, the server should have told us this up front, so I'm guessing that either the kitchen was to blame (still working out timing issues at this point is ok by me) or that the server didn't course the meal as we'd ordered it.
All in all, there is much to work on here but great potential and a lot of excitement in the neighborhood surrounding the opening of a restaurant/bar of this style and caliber.  We will certainly be giving it another try (and a review update will definitely be necessary once - hopefully - all of the kinks have been worked out).I've lived in Manayunk for about a year now (and had been out to eat in the area many times before), and I can easily say the Goat's Beard is my favorite place I have been for dinner.
I came on a day when it was snowing, so it was not very crowded and there was no wait. It is an extremely small restaurant, so I can see the wait being a nightmare on busy nights.. but the meal should be worth it!
Service was very quick and friendly. We had the wings as an appetizer and they were the best wings I have ever had. For my main course I ordered the steak mac and cheese. Again, delicious. 
I plan to come back again and again, especially for happy hour!FYI: On Thursdays, certain cocktails are $5 and their Goat Nuggets are also $5.
WHAT I GOT: Pork belly banh mi, goat nuggets
PROS: To start, they have an insane whiskey selection but for a pretty hefty price. Most are prices around $8 for an ounce. Their food was delicious though. Nice flavors, well cooked, and cute presentation that matched the overall rustic theme of the restaurant. I was honestly a little worried after I ordered the banh mi, seeing how an Asian sandwich didn't seem like it fit with all the other American food but it was DELICIOUS. The pickled vegetables were my favorite part of the sandwich and added a nice bright, acidic flavor and crunch to cut through that heavy pork belly. They're also very generous with that pork and the bread was nicely toasted and crispy. The fries that came with the order was also the bomb dot com. Seasoned, crispy exterior, soft interior. Amazing. 
CONS: The goat nuggets were a bit underwhelming. It was kinda just pieces of fried chicken doused in sriracha with some blue cheese crumbles at the bottom. Not exactly worth the full price so I was glad we had that discount.The food and atmosphere were good but I will not be going back anytime soon. I just moved to Manayunk and was excited to try The Goats Beard. I was underwhelmed and frankly disappointed. The seafood special for the day was Salmon on top of smashed potatoes with crab meat- topped with a poached egg. For $26 dollars it was not worth it in the least. I will say it was delicious- but probably the least food I've ever gotten for that amount of money. My poached egg was also really over-cooked and the yolk did not run as expected. The asparagus side was great however- especially with the crispy salmon skin chips they added on top. The nitro beer was delicious and smooth so I have no complaints there- but for 2 meals and 2 beers adding to a $70 check I was annoyed my boyfriend left hungry.Had the goats nuggets, pork kimchi fries and Mongolian goat. Food was amazing as usual. Love going to this place.Kind of expensive, but GB has a great selection of whiskey and craft cocktails. They also make a mean cheese/fruit/nut plate and have relaxed live music on the weekends. Can't speak for the rest of their menu.The steak and Mac was cooked to perfection.   At first glance the portion seems small but it's so rich and delicious that it's difficult to finish.   This was the man's entree :)  he loved,  I stole a bite.   I had the croque madame which was not prepared in the traditional open faced fashion but the tomato jam and bechamel were very good.   Popped in on a busy Friday,  had a spot at the bar.   Staff was very friendly,  funny and helpful.   Whiskey collection looked impressive,  great beer on tap.  Will come again.This place is a bit different, kinda lounge, kinda bar, kinda restaurant feel.
I had the sirloin mac n cheese, a shot of jalapeno on the side, and the 8apv Scotch ale. Portions a bit small for the cost but compensates with some flavor. My steak was done to temperature but a little tough and dry, the mac and cheese saved the day. If you wanna get full, spend about 40 bucks; app, dish, drink. 
Service was good. 
In conclusion, meh. It was good but not great, I left hungry.Such a delightful restaurant in Manayunk! Went here with my fiance for a Sunday night dinner. We ate at the bar and the atmosphere was lively but comfortable, there was live music that wasn't too loud, and the food was great. We shared the Duck Crostini, Carlos Fried and Fish & Chips and it was just the right amount of food for a hearty dinner for two. We will definitely be returning!First time in the area and was rec Goats Bears by a friend. Couldnt have chosen a better place! Loved it. Great selection of whiskey. Loved the atmosphere and great bartender! Make sure you stop in if you are in the area and ask for Tom the bartender!!Great environment and yummy food :-) 
I go there with my boyfriend fairly often. The service is great. The siracha fries are so awesome!I just came here to grab drinks before a movie, but the dinner menu was enticing. I would definitely go back for dinner if I were ever in the area. I had a honeysuckle which was a rum and simple sour drink mixed in a martini. It was very smooth. The entire drink menu looked very interesting with various different concoctions. I would've ordered them all if I didn't have to go to the movies!This is the by far the best restaurant in Manayunk. I've lived in Manayunk for four years and have eaten here many times, and I've never been disappointed. Their dishes are unique, always delicious, and enjoyable. Their service is also excellent, and you can tell they really value customer satisfaction.  For example, the only time I've ever had even a slight issue was when I ordered an appetizer that was slightly undercooked.  I knew I was being picky, but I decided to send the dish back.  The manager personally delivered the new dish to our table and apologized to us.  When we received the check, we realized that the dish had been completely comped.  The second dish had come out perfectly and I was definitely not expecting for it to be taken off of the check.  I think this type of service shows a lot of class.  This place also has a cool atmosphere and is a great spot to get drinks for happy hour or to go to on a date. I would 100% recommend checking this place out.This place is a great addition to the area.  Very cool look inside, food was amazing, service was good.  The steak mac n cheese was incredible.  Drinks were well made.  Not a cheap place but worth it for a good night out.  I'll be back.Staff is super cool--if you don't know what to choose definitely refer to them! Wings are awesome! Good twist to the run of the mill! Fried chickpeas are a great pallet cleanser, refreshing with the lime zest. The mussels with the pork belly and fries are definitely a good way to go too!  You really can't go wrong here considering everything is made in house!! Gimlet and sangria are a refreshing summer cocktail and pair well with the above! If your a beer person, they have a great array of local brews!Great place!!! Great drinks!  Couple of people were a little out of line bartender think his name was Pete and Alison calmed the situation made for a great night. Great night. Please visit! Great drinks and beers!!!!We get there late at night, and most of the menu was sold out for the night.  However, what we had was great.
Staff was helpful in navigating what was left.
Beer selection was very good.
I'll be back.Good food, great service and nice atmosphere, BUT like everyone else said, portions are pretty undersized. I think I got 2 oz of "painted hills sirloin" on my salad. Probably won't come backWe just tried this for the first time this past weekend--went on a Saturday night with another couple, and had a 7:30 reservation.  They sat us upstairs, which is beautiful.  high ceilings and plenty of space.  Beer and cocktail seleciton is good--I dont drink whiskey but it seems to be popular for it--I had a few Strongbow's (cider) and they were good, although they came in a bottle and I had to ask for a glass to pour it in.  For an appeitzer, I got the shrimp, which was excellent.  I was a bit confused when it came because it was 2 small circular patties, topped with sesame seeds--didn't look like shrimp! It was actually a shrimp pattee, which was excellent.  My friend shared with me and we both couldnt' stop raving about the flavor.  The guys ordered wings which were pretty spicy (the sauce was a Thai/chili flavor) but were also really good.  For my meal I had the salmon, which was cooked perfectly--including a crispy skin on top which is my favorite way to eat salmon.  The piece wasn't HUGE, but it was definitely enough..plus, it came with potatoes which were not really mashed--a bit chunkier--but had fresh crab mixed into the potatoes! It was delicious.  My friend ordered the chicken tiki masala--which was also excellent.  The flavor of the sauce on the chicken was amazing, and the sticky coconut rice was perfect.  We both cleaned our plates.  The guys ordered cheeseburgers (haha, just realizing now that they ordered wings and burgers!) and they were very pleased too. The fries are thin/small but seasoned well and were really tasty.  We all couldn't stop talking about the food here, and this new restaurant that we love! The service was kind of slow--took him a while to take our order--that is my only slight complaint..but he was very nice when he was serving us.  Oh, and we ordered the fried brownie as a dessert to share, WOW.  we ate every last bite of that too! Can't wait to go back to this restaurant!!The restaurant was noisy since it does have a full bar and it is a small place to begin with. 
I recommend getting the steak Mac and cheese. Very delicious and worth the money.Went to goats beard for happy hour on a Friday. It was surprisingly relaxed, so relaxed that there was a 85th birthday celebration upstairs. The service was pretty good. The wings taste better than they look. They sort of look like little Chewbacca babies. Just get past the crunch. The goats nuggets weren't bad but there was NO seasoning on them. Not to mention there are no condiments on the tables. The drinks are fairly overpriced but if you're in the area why not.Drinks and dinner were delicious.  Despite a mix-up of timing of appetizers and main courses, management was apologetic and made everything right.  Excellent service.  Would absolutely go back.What a great place. Awesome service and the food is a notch above in quality from many Manayunk places. Plus they have nice outdoor seating. Surprisingly good is the chicken tika masala - delicious!My friend and I had a great experience here. We stopped by on an early evening on a Sunday. The place only had a few people at the bar and decided to sit there (the games were on, after all). The bartender greeted us right away and asked for our drink order. He offered me a sample of one of their drafts, which was nice. For food, we ended up ordering Drunk Goat Salad, Deviled Eggs, Goat Nuggets and Mac N' Cheese side. I didn't try the salad so I do not have an opinion of it (sorry). The eggs were fine, nothing special. The goat nuggets were probably the highlight. It was a big proportion and they were very delicious. I did enjoy the mac n cheese gnocchi (the crushed goldfish was a cute touch).  
The chef brought out a new dish to test to the owner during our time there. Instead of only him trying the dish, he passed it around the bar for the patrons to try. I thought that was so considerate and smart. It was a dish that could be shared, so we all got to try it. 
If you are whiskey fan - this place is a must. They have a whole sheet of various whiskeys. 
This location is notorious for businesses to come and go. I think this place is here to stay. People from the city travel to Manayunk just to come here (that says a lot).Great bar scene, innovative food, very affordable, family friendly.Came here on a busy Saturday night. I think Goat's Beard is getting better and better. Service was great. Food was great. Only con is their serving size of their fries was a little weak. And their wine pour is EXTREMELY small, especially for 10 bucks a pop. Coming from a wine-o, didn't even seem like 6oz. But overall, good experience!Mediocre. The buttermilk wings were good but the rest of the food we ordered (for lunch- omelette and chorizo tacos) was underseasoned to the point of being bland. Service was a little slow, too, at a time when there were only one or two other customers.I was at Goat's Beard about a week after it opened, and had a fun time with a group of friends. The building itself looks great inside, although the second floor has a completely different vibe from the first floor bar area - much more of an upscale restaurant feel versus a nice whiskey bar. Both floors looked good, but consider which ambiance you want when choosing seats.
The 'different' thing about this restaurant compared to most is that the portion size is somewhere between standard meal and tapas. The prices are a touch below a standard meal portion, so it works out in the end.
Drinks are good - I highly recommend 'The Goat's Beard', which is similar to bourbon lemonade, but with a bit of mint as well. Refreshing! Nice sized beer list as well, both bottles and drafts.
Food-wise, it was just about all good: The wings were large with pieces of jalapeno and onion in an asian-style hot sauce. I'm not one for soy sauce, but the little bit in there actually helped it. The duck spring rolls were flavorful but not overly heavy. The fish in the fish & chips was buttery and flaky, with just the right amount of seasoning. Fries a touch on the salty side for me, but still enjoyable.
The one item I was not thrilled with was the 'mac and cheese' of the 'Steak Mac & Cheese'. The menu did advertise it as gnocchi instead of pasta, and topped with asiago, parmesan, and cheddar. What came out was a fairly bland gnocchi in cream sauce. It was the dish I was looking forward to most, which made it the disappointing dish of the night. I hate to have one item be the difference between four and five stars for me, but that one does it.
Overall though, a good restaurant, and a great new addition to Manayunk!This is a very nice place to have brunch. Great atmosphere, wonderful servers, unique menu items. Nice take on shrimp and grits. highly recommend.Very good service, atmosphere, and food.
Excellent wings, they had live music on the Sunday we went.I've been here before- nice ambience- good for dates and hang outs- good drinks- and I think it just depends what you order. I was in the mood for a cheese plate after trying one at talulas garden. The cheese plate at the goats beard was DISAPPOINTING but I guess My taste buds are spoiled. I tried looking at other yelp reviews for photos of the cheese plate and i found one from a while ago but being that was outdated I wasn't sure what I was going to get. For $17.00 I received a big plate with about 1 slice worth of bread, some sort of pesto mix in a jar with whipped ricotta, the pimento cheese with tomato jam, and the goat cheese croquet. The croquet was the best out of the options. I wouldn't recommend the cheese plate to anyone, it didn't seem like a traditional plate with cut up cheeses that I was expecting.Tried this place for the first time last night. My friend recommended it to me. This is a great spot to get away from all the college kids that frequent Main Street on the weekends. There was live accoustic music that was pretty decent. Decor and atmosphere is casual but still classy. Didn't try too much of the food but the menu looks good. Had some herb fries from the late night menu and they were excellent. Overall, this place is a breath of fresh air for main st. I'll be going back.I visited The Goat's Beard for the first time on Friday night (their first weekend night!).  As soon as I walked in I couldn't believe the face lift they gave this bar.  It is absolutely stunning inside and has such a warm, welcoming feel! 5 stars to the interior decorating team!   My friend and I sat at the bar and the bartender took the time to introduce herself as well as the other bartenders.  They did not miss a beat all night and really took good care of us!  I had the fish and chips and they were fantastic!  Very fresh and the perfect portion!  They had a great beer selection on tap as well as a variety of wines and specialty drinks.  I can definitely see this place being the new "hot spot" and go to on a week/weekend night.  Great crowd, great atmosphere, and great staff!  I can't wait to go back again soon!...the day's caprese omletee, a "yes" (fresh mozzarella, a nice hearty touch)....the bacon,  -banging-...service, very cool and attentive...shall return...Best of Philly!  Been here several times, and never disappointed!  Highly recommend the steak mac & cheese, the burger, or the salmon for your entree.  The nuggets and the cheese fries are definitely must-have sides.  If you're more interested in drinks, they're great for that too.  The bartenders are always incredibly friendly, and the servers are great.  If you're ever in Manayunk, stop here!Went there on a Sunday late afternoon after always driving by and seeing a crowd
Did peak my interest. Was surprised when it was empty, but it did pick up while there. And it WAS a Sunday. The place is really posh and trendy inside. Probably one of thee nicest on Main Street. I do wish the food and service was as good as the decor. 
I feel they had a few tooooo many servers for a Sunday, which lend to them hanging at the end of the bar checking their phones and showing each others posts from the night before. Which led to the start of the lax luster service 
We ordered our appetizers (oysters and cheese platter) the oysters were meh at best. But the presentation was on point. As far as the cheese platter it came out again presentation good, but came out w no toast... Then when we got the servers attention, she asked if we wanted MORE toast... I mentioned we NEVER got any.... Are you sure???... Not the answer.
Then the guy from the kitchen brought it out and was very sorry and attentive. 
Oh and the bottled water... Was a plus and hear a table next to us say I'm not paying for water etc. listen the bottle was was great. BUT the thing that was really déclassé, you pay for the water, the server came over and put a new bottle, then took the old bottle that wasn't empty and we watched her pour it in her cup.... Really 
Now the main course... Steak and Mac cheese.. It was good. Good.
My date had lamb meatballs.... Again was ok, came out a bit undercooked. But again it was okay... For the price you should get more then ok
It was funny because this Emily blunt looking had to be a manager came out, then suddenly no one was hanging out at the bar, and THEN they asked if everything was ok etc etc etc.
Just maybe Emily Blunt manager should of came around sooner. 
But the style and decor are spot on. Food just average, service was meh until the manager showed up. But there are worse placesEh. It's the best restaurant in Manayunk, but that's not a high bar. The menu is limited, but the food is good, although everything from the burger to the steak with gnocchi "mac and cheese" is oversauced.
They have great happy hour specials, an egg heavy brunch menu (I loathe eggs), and an extremely well trained staff.
Not worth the cost--except for the fries!--but a good place to visit if you want an actual restaurant experience in Manayunk.
Added: They do have *amazing* desserts.This place is so good. Excellent food, great service and pretty damn good beers on tap; can't go wrong with that. The steak Mac n' cheese is no joke! I highly recommend.We have been here a couple of times and we have always been pleased.  Great selection of whiskeys, good happy hour, and the food has never disappointed.  My husband and I brought my 90 year old grandmother here once and she thoroughly enjoyed it as well.Best rotating craft beer list next to lucky's on Main Street. Their cocktail list rivals any bar or restaurant downtown. Awesome food, and great bartenders. The Goats Beard is  probably the best bar/restaurant in all of Manayunk.Loving the fact that there is finally a great restaurant in Manayunk! 
From hand-crafted cocktails to an extensive whiskey list The Goat's Beard was already off to a great start for me. I enjoyed "The Goat's Beard" whiskey, lemon and mint concoction first which was reminiscent of a milt julep with a refreshing citrus twist. 
My friend and I ordered the artisan cheese plate which was so beautiful I almost didn't want to eat it! I loved all of the fresh fruit that came with it as well as the perfect pairing honeys/glazes. 
For my entree, I ordered the vegetable napoleon which was so good I finished every bite. Imagine lasagna layered with thinly sliced roasted veggies as opposed to pasta over Israeli couscous. My friend had the grilled ham and cheese complete with poached egg which was also delicious.
The staff were friendly and the live music was great! It was not too loud either; We were sitting right next to the mini stage area and had no problem holding a conversation!
Definitely check this place out!Hands down my favorite restaurant in Manayunk! Try the hummus appetizer. Their hamburgers and old bay fries are great too. My favorite is the vegetable Napoleon  (it's like a vegetable lasagna and its delicious!!) When family comes into town, I usually take them here.i ordered the spotcock chicken and it was terrible!! there was absolutely no seasoning on the chicken. my friends and i waited an hour just to get our food. after i told the server took the terrible tasting chicken back he recommended hummus. why would someone who sat and waited an hour for this horrible food want hummus? i was clearly hungry if i ordered an entree. I WILL NEVER RECOMMEND THIS RESTAURANT. Terrible food and terrible service.Over the last two times I fell in love with this place. Consistently good food with fresh ingredients. Best fish tacos I ever had.I've never eaten here but the whiskey selection is top shelf. If you're into the brown this is your place! Good rotating taps as well. Bartenders care about making a cocktail, it's really one of the only places in Manayunk to get a proper cocktail. Highly recommend.Excellent brunch and great service. I went with a party of six and we sat upstairs. Everyone at the tabke raved about our food. And the people were great, which is pretty typical in this part of town.Great spot to eat, food was excellent and the staff was friendly. Would definitely recommend. The steak Mac and cheese was phenomenal!My fiance and I went here Sunday April 12th. We had gone to the streat festival earlier that day and had a bad experience (nothing to do with this restaurant), we were unable to get anything to eat, despite getting there a couple hours after it started. All of the food trucks were either sold out or had a 45 min. wait. I couldn't even get a bottle of water anywhere after giving up on food. All of the restaurants were overflowing with people. So, we decided to just bag it and come back later that night for restaurant week. So, by the time we get here at 7 o'clock, I am pretty miserable and my head is ringing from not eating all day. But, I was excited to try the Goat's Beard. When we arrived it was very loud and we couldn't find where to check in for our reservation. We eventually found that it was in the back of the restaurant and were quickly seated upstairs which was thankfully relaxed and quiet. When our waiter came to take our drink orders, we noticed we didn't get a restaurant week menu and asked him what the deal was. He informed us that because of the streat festival (ha) they wouldn't be participating in it that night. Not the waiter's fault and he was nice about it. We were annoyed because we picked the restaurant based on the appealing items on the restaurant week menu. I even double checked the website and it said the restaurant week was running from April 12-24th. At this point we weren't going to leave because we had already payed for parking in manayunk and we were starving. But, I felt like they should have honored it or at least told us this when we made our reservation. We ordered the goat nuggets to start. They were delicious and we ended up wishing we had gotten two orders of them. For entrees, he ordered the goat burger and I ordered the mac & cheese. He really enjoyed the goat burger. I LOVED the mac & cheese which consisted of gnocchis in a mix of cheeses. I really could go for that again. We were really excited to try the desserts on their restaurant week menu but it seemed that they don't have a dessert menu normally, which was a bummer. Our waiter was friendly, service was a little slow but in his defense it was pretty crowded and he seemed to be dealing with a lot of tables. The hostess was also memorably friendly. The Goat's Beard wasn't everything we expected, but I would maybe try it again because that mac and cheese was amazing. They had some really unique items on their menu too, that I wouldn't mind trying.The Goat's Beard is truly a hidden gem!  Actually, I'm not sure if it's hidden or not but either way it's a freakin' gem.  We were in Philly for business and decided to venture out for dinner and came across this place.  It's on the corner of a cool and eclectic little village-type area with lots of shops and such.  
We walked in and were unsure of what to expect but found it to have a really cool atmosphere, very modern and hip.  We were seated promptly and got to it with the drink menu.  There were some beers and cocktails, and then there was an option for a Bourbon flight.  Given that it was a Tuesday, I did NOT go that route although it was interesting to see. We ordered up a couple of apps, including the hummus which was really tasty.  
For main dishes, I went with the tikka masala.  I was surprised to even find that on the menu but it was extremely good.  It was true to the nature of the dish but it had a little bit of a unique flair as well.  The others in my group got steak tacos and I got to sample one - it was wonderful!  Full of flavor and texture with the meat, cabbage, cilantro and salsa.  Everything was reasonably priced and high quality.
This place is a little off the beaten path but it's worth it, I tell ya!  Check it outSo I've actually been here twice now. Both times I was quite pleased with my meals. Especially brunch (I mean, hello, it's brunch), which was my first experience. The atmosphere is very quaint, yet sophisticated. I love the high tops (although the cushions might be a little too squishy.. gosh what a terrible adjective.) 
So I went with the chorizo tacos, and my friend chose the French toast special, peach ice cream included. She loved hers, and devoured the whole thing. The tacos. I. Love. Tacos. And eggs. These were honestly muuuch tastier than I expected. Although raw onions at 11 am isn't the best idea, I was very happy they were included. I definitely recommend these. The home fries are also French fries with rosemary and a delicious dipping aioli. Perks on perks. My only real issue was our waiter wasn't the friendliest. Not mean, but something was off, I didn't really mind though, I was there to eat and converse. 
The second time I went was during happy hour. I wasn't super hungry but the flatbreads were all off soo..  the brisket flatbread is paaacked with meat. It was a little fatty but very tasty. My main gripe was I would have preferred a little less bbq sauce on it. Otherwise it was cooked wonderfully and for the price definitely worth it (probably not worth double the price though). Also their fried pickles are incredible. I've only ever had these once somewhere else but these were a hundred times better. So scoop them up as well. I have yet to grab drinks while I'm here, but I will certainly back for that and many more munchies.This restaurant has rave reviews, and the bar service was timely. There is a huge issue with customer service. The wait was stated in text "about 30 minutes." After a cordial 45 minutes wait, the manager addresses the late change of plans (understandably). We waited a total of an hour and 15 minutes and addressed the manager, who was not accommodating. I would have loved to try this food, but completely turned off about staff and managerial attentiveness.Great drinks and even better food. My girlfriend and I arrived with no reservation to a packed house on a Friday night. We were told we could eat outside but opted to grab drinks and wait for a table inside. After waiting for a long time, the manager/owner came by and thought we had already been seated. He took care of us immediately and got us our next round on the house. Service was friendly, professional and top notch even with the seating mix up.
Highly recommended -
     Food: Steak Mac and Cheese
     Drink: Goat's BeardThis place was awesome. We went for date night, from the decor to the service to the awesome food. We will definitely be back and highly recommend this place. We live in the area and have been to quite a few restaurants on Main Street, this one is now our top choice.The Goat's Beard is a wonderful bar and restaurant. I have tried countless things on their menu, and I have never been disappointed. It can be a little pricey- but it's worth every penny!
The Butternut squash soup is amazing. It comes with delicious goat cheese toast that is sinfully good. It is pretty filling and would be great as lunch or to share as a starter.
Their Croque Madame is incredible. I was a little thrown off at first by the mention of "sweet tomato jam" involved- but wow, was I wrong. The presentation and flavor of this dish is unrivaled in the area. You will have dreams about this dish.
Their chicken dinner for two is delicious and great for a date night. The chicken is always perfectly roasted and tastes like chicken should taste- a seemingly simple thing but a lot of places seem to mess this up. All of their sides are great and it is one of the best values for two people.
To round it out - Goat's Beard has some of the best cocktails, beers on tap and wine selections. I personally love their "friendly neighbor" champagne cocktail- my boyfriend swears by their Old Fashioned.
Goat's beard is perfect for a special occasion, or when you're in the mood for some seriously good food. Also great for happy hour and brunch!Place is pretty cool went there for the first time on Monday and I have to say i enjoyed the atmosphere. They had a guy playing guitar which was a change of pace and actually enjoyable. Food wise, ill admit I'm a picky person and I nitpick the heck out of everything but ill give it a 3 out of 5. The steak and mac & Cheese was amazing and probably the best thing i ate all night. The pork and kimichi fries were interesting but a little cold but nonetheless favorable. The goat nuggets i felt like need a bit more seasoning in the breading as they were a little bland. I did however not like the cauliflower at all but maybe because I was expecting something different but who knows. 
Overall i will defiantly come back and expand more on the menuGreat food, drinks and ambiance!  One of the Non teenie bopper bars in the Yunk(they are hard to find)...perfect date location!!  Recommend the short rib and Mac and cheese...to die for!!!