The cookies were sooooooooo warm and gooey, just the way I like them. We got one upon arrival in Philly and then made sure to get a few to go upon departure!Stopped by for cookies when I was in Reading Terminal, my friend / tour guide said this is a "must have" in Philly.
There was no line per say, but the counter was crowded with people calling out their orders.
I wanted the black and white cookie, but they were not "set" so I went with white chocolate chip macadamia nut and snickerdodles.  The cookies were good, the chocolate chip macadamia nuts might have been a little too cooked for my tastes.  They had a brown hard crust around the edges, but perhaps that's just how they bake them.  Regardless, the cookies taste divine! I managed to refrain from eating a few of them long enough to get them home to my little sister, and she had no trouble putting them away either.
If you're in Reading Terminal, grab one!This has become a must-stop to grab a snack while I wander around Reading Terminal. They bake the cookies fresh constantly during the day (but if you come near close, they start running out, so better to go earlier on), and the chocolate chip cookies are delicious. They're a bit on the heavier side for sure, but it doesn't get better than a hot, gooey mess of chocolate and cookie than this. I scarf these down quickly and always make a mess of myself, but I can't help it - these are so good! Their sugar and snickerdoodle cookies are also good, but my allegiance belongs to chocolate chip cookies, and they do these excellently here. Each cookie will set you back about $2 (although they weigh it to be exact), but it's more than worth it.After DiNics, my buddy decided to get some cookies.  These things are HUGE.  They were just under $4.00 for 2 of them.  We got the original chocolate chip.  They were great!  The chocolate chips were still warm and gooey, the cookie had a slight crunch to it when you bit in and then a soft center.  Next time I go I am going to get a scoop of ice cream at Bassets and then make my own cookie sandwich......talk about heaven!The white chocolate macadamia nut read AMAZING! I admit, I love this flavor but theirs were awesome!"Cookies! Get your cookies," the lady behind the counter repeatedly announced to the crowd of people walking by. And craving something sweet after lunch, who was I to argue?
Located right inside the corner entrance of the Reading Terminal Market on 12th St, The Famous 4th Street Cookie Company is hard to miss, either by sight, sound or smell. All the cookies, including the freshly chocolate dipped ones, are clearly on display to tempt every person who dares to get close.
Fortunately, they taste as great as they look, as I thoroughly enjoyed a chocolate chip macadamia nut cookie while walking back to my car. Yum!The cookies at this place were the first thing I noticed when I entered the reading terminal market and they are right by the entrance. They looked and smelled good And oh boy do they taste good. We bought milk chocolate chip cookies. Chocolate dipped cookies and the sugar cookies. None have disappointed. So delicious.These cookies are delicious, but pretty expensive.  I loved the chocolate chip pecan ones.  They're sold by the pound, but you can still buy just one at a time.DELICIOUS!!! Visited reading terminal for lunch and ended with 4th street cookies that did not disappoint. We had a chocolate chip cookie, a snickerdoodle, and an oatmeal raisin cookie. I WISH I HAD GOTTEN MORE! Every cookie was gooey, fresh, and soft! 
If you are around the area and have a chance to try these cookies get each kind they have!We had white chocolate macadamia and chocolate walnut. Pretty good but nothing spectacular. The milk chocolate one was a little crunchy.I dream about their black and white cookie, since I had it a couple weeks ago. It was my first time there and it won't be my last. Even though the cookies are $3 each it was worth it and I can't wait to try the other flavors.it was the sweet smell of sugar, chocolate goodness that showed me the route to the counter and yummers! rewarded after the train ride in!Damn these cookies are amazing. Bought some chocolate chip and peanut butter cookies that were out of this world. Also, I bought them around 10am and transported them back to Tampa, Fl and they were just as delicious.The smell was soooo inviting. We felt as thought we were hypnotized into purchasing some goodies. I had the chocolate chip and walnut cookie and it did not disappoint. I can't say it was the best, but definitely up there.It's a shame- Up until this past weekend, I was a huge fan of this place- I couldn't walk by without getting a delicious warm cookie or cookies as it's always hard to chose which one I wanted. Unfortunately, this weekend as I waited in line anxiously  to be served- the rude, ignorant woman working the counter gave me reason to walk away. Yes, it was a busy Saturday in at the terminal, packed with tourists making their rounds but that's no excuse.  The woman asked if she could help someone- we called out, yes as we were clearly waiting there the longest and instead of giving us a smile and asking what we would like- she walked away to the other side, losing eye contact with us as if she was going to help someone else- so when we said something again she rudely goes " yeah, I'm listening"- without even looking at us- and it wasn't as if she was multi tasking putting cookies on the rack or grabbing something- she was just standing there plain rude. So I had no choice but to walk away. My business was better served at Flying Monkey were I got a delicious toffee almond bar in instead. It takes a lot for me to muster up a bad review on here but one thing I can't torerate is bad customer service. Suck it up and let me know you want my business!i hate to give less than three stars, but...i take cookies *really* seriously. and if you are obsessed with cookies, and looking not to be led astray, it is important for you to know that the famous 4th street deli isn't necessarily the best option in the city. above them, i would (easily) rank the following establishments. in no particular order:
- whole foods bakery
-chocolate chip cookies from cosi
- the lady in reading terminal market who makes apricot almond cookies (by the wine store, to the left of the public tables)
the famous 4th street deli cookies are  thick and heavy, almost sludgy. and they are tooo expensive. too much talk, not enough walk.Hands down the best deli in the city of Philadelphia. It expensive but well worth the prices. The corned beef is unbelievableI had the chocolate chip pecan and that one cookie was worth the $2. Soft, moist and delicious.Maybe I'm just a cookie snob (I have eaten more than my fair share of cookies over the years), but I just can't bring myself to give this place 4 or 5 star raving reviews like the majority of the other yelpers here.  We bought the chocolate chip, chocolate macadamia nut, butter almond, and the snickerdoodle.  The texture of the cookies were good and nice and chewy inside, but the flavor didn't blow my mind like I thought they might.  I do have to say that I like how they sell the cookies by weight and they are generous with the nuts and chocolate chips.  Solid cookies, but nothing spectacular, in my opinion.  I do have to say that even for a chocolate lover like myself, I was surprised that my favorite here was the snickerdoodle.  Loved the sugar crystals that topped it.  If I just had that one, I might give this place 4 stars!It would be more appropriate to call this place the "Mediocre 4th Street Cookie Co."  Enough said.Walked past the cookies today.  Note to the Owner: There is a sign hung up for customers to read. It say, as was written, "No Tiping Please".  The woman who work there kind of gruff, so I didn't mention it.  It's a personal peeve to see misspelled signage on businesses.  Cookies are good, but really expensive.HAVE AGAIN: I bought three cookies: choc chip, 3 chocolates, and one more. Unique cookies, unlike any I've had before. All were heavy, tasty and I'd go back when in Philly.I've had better, but these are nice. I got my fave; chocolate chip. All the cookies are a nice size. Think the size of the packaged Grandma's Cookies, but they are thicker!!! I love this for a chocolate chip, especially as they are just right; not too soft or hard at all. The chocolate chip was actually the way I love it, a bit gooey. 
While they aren't a total hit, they aren't a total miss. I think the thickness threw me off a bit.Simply the best F'n cookie I've ever eaten.
No.  I'm serious.  
I'm not even normally a sweets guy. But really, literally, actually, in truth, honestly. 
The best @#$%&/cookie I have ever eaten.We had the chocolate chip, white chocolate chip macadamia nuts (favorite). They were soft inside and crunchy on the outside.  We would go back.The chocolate-dipped chocolate chip cookie. Get it. If you're lucky, it'll still be warm, and the chocolate chips will be melting. One of the best cookies I've ever had!
They have mostly the typical cookie flavors, so I was hoping for a little bit more variety or creative cookies. But they do the classic cookie perfectly. It's definitely worth the extra calories!I gained 5 pounds eating cookies here. I live in Washington, DC and ever since eating these cookies I have dreams about driving up to Philly just to stock up on these damn cookies. Holy crap these cookies are so good. 
If you come at 4pm (or an hour before whenever they close) they sell the remaining cookies for a dollar a piece. Great deal which also ensures that they NEVER EVER sell day-old cookies. They are really fantastic.really good place for warm gooey, chocolate-y goodness. the cookies are soft and chewy! also available at the 4th street deli on 19th and market.I'm a cookie fanatic and these cookies were just okay! 
I thought they were on the harder side and had a bit of a burnt taste. I would rather get cookies from Hope's cookies which is on the other side of reading terminal!Stopped by here to came here the other day around 5pm to surprise the bubs with some cookies since that's all that he has been talking about lately. Came here because my lyft driver told me it was amazing. $2 for a giant cookie you can't really go wrong with that. The service here was alright could of definitely been way better. Being that I use to work at a bakery I was expecting the cookies to be packaged way way better ! Presentation matters too ! I took home and when we opened it, there was just a bunch of bakery paper in the box. It didn't look pretty haha. But to say the least the bubs enjoyed it which that's all that matter. Will definitely come back here for more cookies !Love these cookies.  Always fresh and gooey. The biggest problem is easily solved. Get two. You know you are going to eat one and Jones for another. 
The girls move the line fast. And treat you right.Omg the white chocolate cranberry cookie I had here was amazing. If you ever thought that the trade off for getting a chewy cookie was that it had to be dense and heavy, 4th St Cookies is here to turn that assumption over its head. The cookie was crisp enough on the outside, but the inside was soft and tender, and airy and light in a way that almost made it cake like? It's really quite an alchemy of textures and for $2, I'll have a little piece of heaven again and again.$2 for ONE COOKIE or pay for your cookies by the pound! ($12 per pound)
a great dessert option for your meal in the Reading Terminal Market
---chocolate chip macadamia nut cookie: it didn't look all that great.. BUT when i got a piece of it.. MMmm the chocolate was still MELTING & the cookie had a nice buttery crunch on the outside with a bit of chew inside!
i would've taken some back to NYC with me but after such a gluttonous weekend i had to restrain!
NOTE: we weren't here late, but i HEARD if you go before closing, cookies are just $1I thought I would give them another  try. 
We went by again this past  weekend. The cookies were more like cake. I had oatmeal raisin and my husband had chocolate chip. We had  them at the Terminal so it could not be that they were old. They just were not that good!  I make better at home! Service was pleasant but that's about it! I know I will get a lot of funny clicks but maybe I am just spoiled by my own baking!Great chocolate chip cookies!  Sugar, egg, gooey choc. chips are all wonderfully balanced.  
Cookies are around $1 at the end of the day.Had a black and white cookie. Denser than a traditional one. Had a strange taste to it. Almost like it was a peanut butter cookie base. Also tried the snickerdoodle, which was better. Really big dense cookies.Now I wouldn't say I'm a cookie expert... I'd say I'm a cookie specialist. And my specialty happens to be the Black and White. So it is very sad for me to report that the aforementioned cookie from 4th street is NOT up to par. 
Let me expand on the topic a bit: A true black and white cookie is soft, almost cake like. It is dipped in two different sides of icing. The chocolate side should be soft, but not melted. It should be just a slightly tacky to the touch, but shouldn't stick to your fingers. The white side should not be tacky. It should be firm without being crunchy or hard. 
Now here is where 4th street went wrong: They gave me a sugar cookie (first mistake) dipped in chocolate icing that was too firm (second mistake). The white side of the cookie was correct, but the underlying foundation (ie, the cookie itself) was not correct and ruined the experience. The incorrect chocolate consistency was the icing on the cake of this failed experiment. Pun intended.
If you want a good black and white cookie go to the famous 4th street deli on Bainbridge. That thing is ridiculous.I love this place...the cookie are delicious and the service is not bad. Stop by the reading terminal before heading home today and grabbed a dozen of the chocolate chip pecan for the family !I'm usually not a huge fan of chocolatey gooey cookies, but these cookies are outrageous. Not over the top sweet, but tons of chips + other "fillings" in each cookie. Perfectly crispy on the outside, softer on the inside. And great friendly staff too!Best Peanut Butter Cookies that I have ever had.  I had to go back the day I was leaving to take some home with me.We were only in philly for two days but we made it to this place both days.  We had the rockie road cake slice then the lemon coconut slice. The piece of cake literally serves 4 people and it so moist and good.  The lemon is the best!Nice cookies. Not secure I would ship off for them but nice. 
I had the snicker doodle, it was ok. I asked what the servers favorite was, and she said the chocolate macadamia, so I got one one of those too. I'm glad I did as it is really good. 
It's a little expensive as they are sold by the pound, so for me 2 cookies came to just under 4 bucks. 
The snicker doodle was not worth 2 dollars. However  I would pay that for the chocolate macadamia.If you want your life changed, please go and try the peanut butter chocolate chip. So. Good. The peanut butter was subtle and it had the perfect ratio of chips. I thought it would be dense and heavy but it wasn't too overwhelming at all. We also tried the chocolate chip macadamia which was delicious but still, the peanut butter was the way to go!I am definitely not a chocolate chip cookie person but after caving in for a bite (looked good), I ended up devouring a WHOLE cookie myself. And these are pretty big! There was plenty of chocolate and the cookies were nice and chewy on the inside with a perfect amount of crunch, mainly on the outer rim. If I had any self control when it comes to sweets, I'd definitely go back and get a couple for later this week (heading to NYC next), but because I don't, I have to pass and be glad I live on the west coast. I'd be in trouble with my scale!!!A chocolate chip cookie directly from the oven is one of life's grand treats.  We stumbled across this little bakery and thought, "We need to try this!"  We are so happy we did.
Okay, $4.50 for two cookies is outrageous, but these were just the thing we needed after our wonderful lunches.  Definitely, the cherry on top, as it were!I love this place!!  Best cookies ever and they mail them across the country.  I have tried them all from the oatmeal raisins to the chocolate chip ones.  They are all great.  I wish we had them in Cali.Solidly good cookies. They are always warm and gooey so that's pretty much aces when you think about what you want in a sweet decadent snack. I'm fairly certain that each cookie contains it's own stick of butter but since I'm rarely at Reading Terminal I'm allowed to splurge a bit and take advantage of the great cookies. The price is a little steep for a cookie but not really when you consider how dense and wonderful they are.4th St. cookies are like morsels of heaven (especially when just out of the oven). Those who like their cookies filled to the brim will enjoy these more than the cookie purist who wants to be able to taste the dough...as 4th St.'s cookies are maxed out with chocolate chips, nuts, or whatever other ingredients are inside. A must for chocolate lovers since the chocolate chip cookie has more chocolate than cookie.
Final thoughts...
4th St. Cookies are huge, indulgent, and expensive (more than $1 each), but boy are they good.Incredible cookies. 
Not too crunchy and not too flimsy. Although I enjoy soft cookies, these are still delicious.
These cookies make a great dessert to any of the Reading Terminal's main courses! 
Note: Price by weight.I purchased a cookie after hanging at another establishment near by. It smelled good and they looked so good. After a 15 minute to half hour of time next to the booth I had to have one. 
I had a simple chocolate chip with Walnut. There were several varieties of cookies available to order. 
The cookie was thick, slightly crisp. It had ample chocolate chips. But, I was never aware of the walnuts. I did not complain, it was still good. The chocolate was ample in the cookie, not a single bite without multiple chips.Honestly, I would cut a bitch for these cookies. They are so good it's not even funny. 
My all time favorite cookie ever. Their chocolate covered cookies... Oh... My... God. 
And this place has been around forever, for good reason! I grew up having these and I love them so so much.I was drawn to the woman yelling "cookies, cookies". I tried the cinnamon oatmeal and the peanut butter chocolate chip. Both were great. A perfect way to top off a Reading Terminal Market meal.Their cookies are sooooooooooo good. They are sold by the pound, so one cookie can cost $2 or more, which is a little expensive, but they are worth it.I dream of their chocolate chip cookies.  I have ordered these cookies online.  I have had these mailed to friends.  This place ROCKS.  Get them fresh out of the oven or nuke them at home.  Chocolate chip is the way to go here....I think their cookies are ok but nothing special or "famous" making in my opinion. They offer lots of different flavors and the service is fast and the price is good for the cookie size.4th on the street, number 1 in my heart.
The chocolate chip cookie is warm and soft and is generously studded with chocolate chips - definitely my favorite. The peanut butter chocolate chip cookie is good, but I would stick with the classic chocolate chip. I would love to eventually try their chocolate covered cookies, because yolo.
The service could definitely use improvement. The staff seemed impatient and unfriendly. If I was surrounded by cookies all day, I know that I definitely would not have the indifferent attitude of the employees... just saying.Kendall was right!    Thank you for fabulously friendly and kind service, superb suggestions, and an awesomely amazing TWO cookies that I ate slowly enjoying every morsel!Eating a chocolate chip cookie from Famous 4th Street Cookies at and it is DELICIOUS!!! The cookies are big and it's crunchy on the outside and chewy on the inside...I didn't even know that was possible! It was perfect with some ice cold milk. They were a little pricey and my fingers were slightly greasy after eating 1 cookie... But it's not enough to stop me from going back. Stop by and try their cookies if you're in Reading Terminal or if you are just in area.This place is located within Reading Terminal Market and I can honestly say they serve the best cookies I've ever had.  They're huge and dense but also soft and moist.  I fully realize that analogy is contradictory but it's the best I can do and I believe it's true.  The cookies are honestly amazing.  I had a couple there and got a bunch to go and ate most on the ride home.  I don't even want to know how many calories are in one of those bad boys.  Definitely a couple extra miles on the treadmill to burn those off.  
The 2 reasons I go 4 stars vs 5 are:
1. It's in Reading Terminal Market which is ridiculously busy and I typically try to avoid places like this.
2. The cookies are pretty expensive but they are worth it.I'm not a big dessert fan.. but for a scrumptious cookie like the ones they have at Famous 4th, I'll set aside any and all differences/diet/allergy restrictions.
Being that they're situated in the Reading Terminal Market.. it may be a pain to look for at first, but just use those nasal sensors of yours and sniff out the sweet, delicious aromas of the sugary, chocolate chips, melting oh so delicately in the oven. They have a good number of choices for cookies - chocolate chip, chocolate chip macadamia, oatmeal raisin, chocolate chip pecan, snickerdoodle etc.. My favs are the oatmeal raisin and the snickerdoodle cookies. Oh, and they charge by weight - I bought 6 and it came out to about $10. Trust me, for less than $2 a cookie.. it's so worth it.Went to the Reading Terminal in March and passed by the yummy-smelling store. A corner stall in the Reading Terminal, it's pretty easy to find. Waiting in line, we actually ended up talking to one of the owners! He was a huge history buff and kept us entertained by telling us the history of Reading Terminal. Then he went on to give us tips on places we had to go see. Very friendly.
As you're waiting in line, you're able to watch the employees make the cookies so you know they're freshly baked. Interesting how they sell the cookies by the pound though. Never saw that before. We ordered the snickerdoodle, chocolate chip macadamia nut, chocolate chip oatmeal macadamia and the peanut butter . I wanted to like the cookies more, but I've tried amazing cookies in San Francisco and these couldn't get even come close.The best cookie I've had in my life. Ever. EVER ever. And I am a chocolate chip cookie aficionado, mind you. I've tried 'em all. And there ain't no one who does it better than this little store at the Reading Terminal Market.
Chocolate chip macadamia nut...that's what I always get. Crunchy on the outside ... and gooey on the inside.
My wife doesn't even like CC cookies. And she was converted with this one!!I don't really understand the hype of these cookies. The chocolate chip cookies I got were good but nothing stellar and I paid a lot more for them than I thought was reasonable.OK so I have two experiences with this place
1st experience was on my recent trip to Philly. I bought roughly $18 worth of cookies since they go by weight. I don't remember exactly how many cookies there were in total but I want to say at least 10 maybe 12 max which is not so bad. I don't remember all the ones I got probably because they were not that memorable but definitely chocolate chip, sugar and chocolate chip with walnuts. The chocolate chips with walnuts was my favorite for sure but I am biased because I love walnuts! So when I got the cookies, I got them packed in a box because I was coming home that day so I never had one fresh while i was there. Now I don't know if they were still warm when they were put in the box or whether they warm them up for you if you have one there but these cookies are only good when they are cold (which is how I had my first bite) but they are amazing warmed up! (After my first bite I put my cookie in the toaster oven) Just based on my first experience I would give this place 4 stars only because your not always able to warm up that cookie. 
Now my 2nd experience is why this place gets 5 stars and why I think this is an awesome company. I had a box of 12 cookies delivered to a friend of mine, selecting 2nd day delivery because I'm cheap and next day delivery would of costed as much as the cookies! Now I just happened to be on the phone with my friend when the package was delivered and she was like what the hell did you send me because opening it up was such a process. So apparently the cookies are packed into a box with tons of bubble wrap taped closed and then put into another box with more bubble wrap and taped shut like a fortress and then placed in a plastic bag! The packaging impressed me alone! Then my friend sent me a picture taken from her phone (which is the one I posted) and the cookies looked so soft and fresh I could taste it! My friend loved the cookies and said they were still so soft. The message I sent along with the cookies was also hand written which gave it that personal touch!  Needless to say if I ever send anyone cookies it will definitely be from here!I loved the black and white cookies. The chocolate chip oatmeal cookie was good but felt a but dry. All of the cookies tasted somewhat dry. I didn't love these cookies. Too dry for my taste but I know other people adore them. It's interesting that you buy them buy weight, not number of cookies.I am a firm believer of baking cookies myself - it is so easy to whip up a batch and you can add whatever "fillings" you are in the mood for. . . plus one right from the oven . . uh, can we say yum?
However, a cookie from Famous' in the RTM is an exception to the rule.  They are huge, chewy and just bursting with flavor.  The Chocolate Chip with Pecans is heaven - get one warm. . . and its a mini vacation!  They always have a number of flavors including:  Sugar, Standard Chocolate Chip; CC with various nuts and Oatmeal Raisin.  They even have a what looks like a Black & While chocolate chip cookie (1/2 white icing and 1/2 chocolate icing like the cakey cookie)
They run about $2 each and are sold by weight.  They are huge.  I brought just two to a dinner for 3 adults and cut them up - and there were some pieces leftover.  
My only complaint is the employees have little to no customer service skills - mind you they are not rude, just seem to have not much of a personality.  
PS - If you are subjected to jury duty they will give you a 10% discount - just show your juror badge.Also at Reading Terminal Market.
Amazing weighty cookies. There are many different kinds, and it makes one very happy, especially with a warm glass of milk on a cold winter night. Or any night. I don't judge. And these cookies, they don't judge.
Enjoy a bite!Three words: Chocolate Chip Walnut
Go when it's about to close and they are $1/cookie!Literally melts in your mouth.
This is so good it's the kind of treat you give someone when his grandmother dies. 
Literally.
Seriously fantastic stuff.
Artery-clogging though, I'm sure.C is for Cookie and Cookie for me! I am absolutely obsessed with cookies. In fact, whenever we visit a new city one of my favorite things to do is to seek out one of the best cookies in that city. My most recent trip brought me to the city of botherly love. Staying in the area my wife and I knew we couldn't leave without first visiting Reading Terminal. 
After a quick lap around the terminal looking for a good breakfast spot, we landed at Pearl's Oyster Bar. Pearl's is conveniently located right next to the Famous 4th Street Cookie Company. During breakfast I kept looking back at the cookie stall thinking about which cookie I wanted to get my hands on. 
After breakfast, I made the short trek and waited online for my cookie. I like to consider myself a simple man. Give me a good, classic chocolate-chip cookie and I am completely content. After the first bite, I was in love. A slightly crispy exterior encompassed the soft-gooey center. The cookie was absolutely delicious! Being in a rush, I didn't ask for them to warm my cookie (I like them hot). The cookie was freshly-baked so it didn't change my opinion. My only regret was I wish I had gotten more than one. If/when I come back to Philly I will definitely have to come back to the Famous 4th Street Cookie Company.I am officially mad at my parents for not taking me to Reading Terminal Market when I was growing up a mere 45 minutes away from Philly.  Sure, I did the Liberty Bell, the Constitution Center, and even the Betsy Ross House, but never made the brief journey to this haven of deliciousness.  
The best part of it all?  Famous 4th Street Cookies.  Soft and warm with slightly melted chocolate chips, the chocolate chip cookie stole my heart after only one bite.  It took all the discipline I had not to get a dozen and eat them all in 5 minutes, but somehow I tore myself away and saved myself about 5000 calories.  They're a bit pricey at around $2 each, but completely worth it.My original chocolate chip cookie obsession when I visited Philly started here! It's unfortunate that my work hours don't coincide with the store hours =c(It's the first place we saw when entering Reading Terminal Market.  We had the chocolate chip walnut and cinnamon raisin walnut cookies.  Kind of expected more.The best of the best.  Charge by the pound and these are dense small plate sized cookies so be careful.  I love that they sell milk and have multiple times had "milk and cookies" meetings with clients here.  Best of just one of the things from their menu.Hits you right in the face when you walk in the Terminal.  Bam!  Cookies!  I would say I was only getting one, but then the "Buy 3, get 1 free" deal would be on.
Soooooo...I'll totally only have 2 and take the other 2 home.  Please.  The third one is gone by the time I hit Market Street, and the last one is gone by Walnut.  
I am so ashamed.  And if it's close to closing time and the dollar cookie deal is going?  Shameful.What's all the fuss about?
I had a peanut butter chocolate chip cookie to satisfy my sweet tooth and the cookie was strictly average. Way too much butter, crispy all the way through, and it cost almost $2 since the place sells by the pound.
The service was friendly, but I did NOT appreciate the woman yelling into my face "COOKIES! DON'T FORGET YOUR COOKIES!" as I was paying.
But I love me the sweets, and I'll probably be back to try another.Best Oatmeal Raisin. Ever. I have never had another O/R cookie that even comes close. It's gooey, it's chewy, it's buttery, the raisins are plump and juicy. I've tried so many times to make a cookie that comes close this and have failed. This is my last stop right before I leave Philly and I take 2 dozen home. They freeze well too, thaw them on the counter and it's just as good.We have service issues here the past couple times - just not pleasant staff. (Arguing with us after they were in the wrong regarding giving us the wrong type of cookie) The cookies are good but not the best. I used to love the chocolate dipped cookies (Which are usually about $3.50 each) but this recent once I got the cookie just tasted stale and not as good as previous - I am not sure if they have changed something. FYI - Cookies are sold by weight.Buuuuuuuuuuttery! One of the places that didn't disappoint at the Reading Terminal. These cookies were beautifully buttery. Yes if you're on a diet (and I was sort of) you shouldn't come here, but for $2 We couldn't resist ordering a double chocolate chip cookie, which essentially was a chocolate chip cookie with more chocolate chips baked inside. 
It was crispy on the edges and chewy and melty in the middle, perfectly baked. Yummmm definitely get a cookie heed if you ever pass by. They have a good selection of other cookies, but expect more traditional cookie flavors. You're not going to see any out of the box types of cookies, they make everyday cookies but stepped it up a notch.I just do not love their cookies at all. They're always so hard and have a slightly bitter after taste. So far i've had the chocolate chip and the snicker doodle. I'll give it one more try.
For now Id prefer Hope's cookies over 4th St.Simple yet delicious selection.  The sugar cookies are the best around.  Nothing more needs to be said....see for yourself.I've ordered cookies from here twice. Probably the best cookies ever. I'd rather eat a cookie from here then get a donut from down the row at Beilers. Service is just ok but who cares you are just walking up to a counter and getting a delicious cookie. Order more than one. You won't regret it. Your waistline might but who cares. You only live once!Expensive! How can cookies cost almost as much as cupcakes? I bought 2 cookies - white choco macadamia and dipped choco chip, which cost almost $5. Ridic. I thought the dipped cookie would be mindblowingly good but it was incredibly sweet and just not worth it. It probably is really heavy too and tips the scale. I enjoyed the white choco macadamia. Apparently on Fridays at a certain time they are on sale, so I'd only come back for that.Cookies, cookies, cookies!!  I've been a cookie fan from day one - they're by far my favorite snack item.  And 4th Street Cookie Co does not disappoint.  These cookies are packed with flavor and are gigantic.  Every bite contains a mouthful of elements - chocolate chips, nuts, toffees, almonds, etc - and those elements are married with an exquisite blend of spices, flavoring, and butter!  Oh they're so heavenly!  The only drawback, they are pricey...  But well worth it!Awesome cookies. They are $1.00 after 4pm? The white chocolate was great.Truly divine... fresh-baked, melt-in-your-mouth fantastic!! Regular chocolate chip (anything BUT regular) and the white chocolate chip macadamia are like pieces of heaven. Highly recommend!!My wife's favorite cookies...maybe in the world. 
Her favorite: Snickerdoodle
My favorite: Peanutbutter with Chocolate Chunks
The snicker doodle is great because it has crunchy sugar crystals and a soft inside.
The Peanut Butter with Chocolate Chunks is such a great fat kid treasure. It's served warm every time. And the best part is that the chocolate chunks are slightly melted. :-) delicious!Probably one of the most expensive cookies I've ever paid for in philadelphia. Eight cookies for nearly 20bucks!!! Felt like I was in nyc getting ripped off loll lucky I didn't mind since the cookies were pretty scrumptious. I recommend the chocolate chip peanut butter cookies, but it's only bc I'm a huge fan of peanut butter.I love chocolate chip cookies!
The cookies here aren't really made the way I like-- crispy on the outside and chewy/gooey on the inside. Here, they are thicker. I ended up getting the oatmeal chocolate walnut cookie, which I quickly devoured. It was still warm and gooey and delicious! There were more chocolate chips in it than most typical cookies, but I'm not complaining. You pay by weight, and one cookie ended up being $1.85. Good way to finish off a trip to Reading Terminal.I knew I was headed in the right direction of The Famous 4th Street Cookie Company because I could smell the cookies as I approached the stall.  Although there was no line when I went, the lady behind the counter seemed a little impatient as I decided which cookie to get.  Finally decided on the double chocolate chip and chocolate chip with walnuts.  These cookies are denser and pricier than I'm used to.  If I remember correctly, they were $12/lb, so 2 cookies were just under $6.  
Although dense, these cookies were crispy on the outside and chewy on the inside.  Loved the chocolate chips that were used and I could taste hints of vanilla in the double chocolate chip cookie.  I'm definitely a fan of these cookies.  They are worth the price and live up to the hype IMO.  I wish I bought more than two!I was at the Reading Terminal Market and my good friend got me a white chocolate cookie. I'm not very big on sweets but this cookie was very fresh and delicious.Always wondered why my daughter asked to get her a cookie everytime we went to the reading terminal but now I know! Tried a piece of hers today and fell in love
She got the chocolate chip cookie real plain Jane but they are decent sized and soft with alittle but of crunch it's perfect
Also there's a selection of a bunch of different kinds of cookies that also looked great they alsooooo have chocolate dipped cookies!!!
Try it out if your around the way!I can never decide which side of the Black & White Cookie I like more. And 4th Street Cookie Company doesn't make it any easier. Their cookie is soft but not so crumbly that you get attacked by birds, and the icing is just the right amount of overly-sweet. All the other cookies looked great too, but they're so rich that one or two is all you need. This is a must-have for dessert!Chocolate chip cookie... $1.35... But this varies according to weight.... Cookie was delicious and soft... 
And I believe they ship cookies as well...I always look forward to being in the Reading Terminal area just so I can have a chance to pop in and grab a cookie from Famous 4th St. I first went on a recommendation from a Philly native and I've thanked her endlessly.
The cookies are about $2 (they sell by the pound) and there is a wide variety for you to choose from. They sell milk too. Boyfriend and I usually buy a couple cookies and milk and sit at the bar next to it and savorrrrrr. The cookies are warm, not too soft, thick, and the chocolate gets all gooey... I love the chocolate chip/walnut or chocolate/pecan cookies, those are my go-to's, but I've never heard anything negative about any cookies from this place.
Also, if you happen to swing by at the right moment, they have sales (maybe when they're about to close, I don't remember). Sometimes they sell out before closing time, which was what happened last time I tried to satisfy my cookie craving half an hour before closing... saddest moment of my life.
And yeah the staff sometimes scream COOKIES and whatnot but I don't mind that, it's kind of part of the atmosphere, lively.Want a cookie? Go to Famous 4th St. No, seriously. And make sure you get it fresh and warm from the oven. Their RT location is great, stocked with all of their cookie flavors (I think there are 12 of them). You can't ever go wrong with Chocolate Chip (and it's variations, which are many), or it's cousins in the white chocolate family, but sometimes the simplicity of a warm, soft Snickerdoodle is exactly what my soul needs, more than chocolate. Or if you can't choose, why not get a dozen and try one of each flavor?
These cookies are sold elsewhere around CC, but the truth is that you really need to have them fresh and warm. Once they cool, they lose the crisp exterior, soft interior quality that makes my inner child swoon and want a glass of milk. And then they're HARD. Some people like hard cookies, but I don't. In fact, I don't eat hard cookies, I let others have them. But oh well, you can't have everything in one cookie, and at least being forced to buy them fresh (and eat them instantly) means my fine ass stays fine, with just enough jiggle to show I know how to enjoy life ;)No finer cookie can be found!  The smells emanating from the stand are a friggin' tractor-beam that only the strongest willed non-humans can possibly resist!
Yeah the prices are a bit high, but I choose to view that as a good thing:  keeps one from over-indulging!  I think I've had every one of their "core" varieties at this point, but my latest fave is the white chocolate/macadamia.  Completely insane!The double chocolate chip cookies were damn good but not the best cookies I've had. They sell it by the pound ($12/lbs.) which was a first for me. I to commend the cookies with an Amish whole milk combination or coffee.We love cookies and when we walked by, we knew we HAD to have a cookie. With so many options in the Reading Terminal Market, it can definitely be hard to decide where to go. The freshly dipped cookies (black and white and chocolate chip) lured us in.
The cookie was good but a warning: It's not a true black and white. If you're from NY, you know what that means. Although good, this cookie was an impostor. It's a sugar cookie covered with black and white icing. The sugar cookie was soft, chewy, sweet and yummy. I liked it. However, I was fooled into thinking it was a black and white, which I did not like. It's one of those things where you don't love it because it's not what you're expecting.
I realize this review sounds somewhat negative but it's not really. I gave it four stars. I can appreciate the quality of the cookies here and plan to go back to get a chocolate dipped chocolate chip cookie. However, if you're in the mood for a true black and white cookie, look elsewhere.Deliciously warm and fat cookies! I'm a fan. Tried the chocolate walnut variety with a friend, and we split it-- one cookie dense and filling. 
My cookie craving was completely satiated and I'd definitely be back for more! Definitely a place to check out in the market!Is it really so wrong that I orchestrate my evening commute around 4th Street Cookie's "Dollar Holler" hour?  That's right - every day around4:00, they start hollering that all remaining cookies are $1.
The only downside to Dollar Holler is that the cookies quickly sell out, and this store is always closed well before the RTM close time of 6:00.  The 4th Street Cookies are in strong contention for my favorite cookies in the city.  They are almost always warm, a little crispy on the outside, but still moist and and delicious within.  
Most of their selections are what you would consider classic "comfort cookie" flavors.  I like that they often have some of the classics mixed together in a single cookie: oatmeal/chocolate chip in addition to oatmeal/raisin; chocolate chip/peanut butter chip in addition to peanut butter cup; chocolate cookie with peanut butter chips in addition to peanut butter cookie with chocolate chips.  All around good stuff!
I usually try to come up with some insightful wrap-up to a review, but now I am just left sitting at my desk at 11:00 a.m. thinking "me want cookie now".Lots of flavors and you can get a cup of coffee for only $1 with the purchase of a cookie. Cookies are tasty! 
Heads up - not all cookies they have are listed on the menu so look around and ask.Cookies are pretty much my favorite dessert, and 4th St is making some of the best I have ever had.  Perfectly chewy and not too sweet. I had Cinnamon Walnut (if I am remembering it correctly), among a few more standard flavors.  All ridiculous!
I can't say it any better than michelle c. in her 6/23 review, so I will turn it over to her now...We stopped in Reading market before heading home to CT yesterday morning.  We are efficient, so I was in line getting us a coffee while my boyfriend stood in line at 4th St. Cookie Co. getting some cookies for our road trip back to CT yesterday.  One simple question baffled the young lady here.  I have a coconut (no other tree nuts or peanuts) allergy, so when my boyfriend asked if there were coconut in any of the cookies, he got the glazed over eyes, deer in the headlights look.
It would be helpful if the staff knew some of the standard allergen ingredients at least like "contains tree nuts, soy, wheat, coconut, dairy etc."  I am afraid to enjoy an oatmeal cookie for fear I may have to stab myself with an epi pen.Awesome PB cookie!  Soft inside and slight crunch on  edges. I don't go for sweets much but could not resist walking by. Yummo. Worth the caloriesGreat place to go for home baked style jumbo cookies. It has it's charm and I think it is something I would probably do again.My homegirl Michelle C. told me I HAD to try these cookies if I stopped by the Reading Terminal Market. I didn't know that we had no way of missing the place since it's the first thing you see and smell once you enter through the doors. Even though my bf and I had pigged out the entire day and both agreed that we should be "good" and skip dessert to save some calories, when I saw all the different cookies behind those glass windows and smelled the sweet smell of freshly baked cookies, the next thing I knew we were on the long line of customers at the Famous 4th St Cookie Co. We tried a few of their cookies because we figured "we're already here!" We tried their Chocolate Chip, Macadamia Nut, and Oatmeal and OMG all 3 were amazing. Big, Chewy, Soft and Thick. LOVEEEEEEE these cookies.What's not to enjoy about delicious, freshly-baked cookies!? What makes 4th St cookies so spectacular is the quality of the ingredients. Which are sourced from the Amish vendors inside of the market.  The staff members were polite, playful and very generous. They recommend that I wash the cookies down with some ice cold milk from a local dairy, and I recommend you sour same! I brought back a huge box of cookies home to my family. Let's just say that the huge box of cookies didn't last long.I love me some cookies!!! Yum yum yum!
On our way out of the Reading Terminal Market, we found ourselves looking and drooling over these delicious cookies from The Famous 4th Street Cookie Company. We got the Chocolate Chip, Black and White, Peanut Butter Chocolate Chip and Chocolate Chip Walnut. It was all sooooo good. The cookies were warm, soft and yummy. Mmmm....cookies....*drifts off and day dreams about eating the cookies* I regret not buying more to take home. I can always order online but nothing beats eating freshly made cookies. Oh and somehow they don't sell Black and White cookies online....sigh.If you like texture, get the chocolate chip w/ walnut - it's got a nice thickness to it, inside is chewy and chocolatey. At first you contemplate sharing the guilt, but quickly change your mind following the first bite. NOMI cam relatively no wait and good customer service. I got a M&M and peanut butter cookie both were alright.  Crisp on the outside soft on the inside how I like my cookies. They were just OK for $2 I cannot complain.This place had a large cluster of people trying to buy cookies. Good thing the staff is quick and I was able to buy a peanut butter one, as well as a macadamia nut cookie as well. They were AMAZING! The next time I am back in Philly I will be getting more. Only downfall is $2/cookie.Absolutely delicious cookies!  I ordered the chocolate chip,  chocolate chip with nuts and a oatmeal cookie they were all so delicious!  If you get the chance to stop by it is definitely worth it. Great for the sweet tooth.I really don't get the hype over this place. The cookies are just okay. What I have consistently noticed are the cookies are just short of burnt.  The chocolate chip cookies are over baked, hard and burntScrumptious and one of the best cookies I have ever tasted. The ladies in the shop are very helpful and we received the best customer service. You wont regret for every penny you spent on these cookies. Definitely I will recommend this place to my friends.Yum!  Delicious cookies sold by the pound...and they are worth every delicious calorie!  I had the chocolate chip walnut.  I meant to save it, but once I started eating it, I wanted to buy a dozen more!
Definitely worth a stop if you're in the market area (it's in one corner near Pearl's).4 Stars for 4th street!
I went to this place as per everyone's reccomendations. I wasn't disappointed at all. Very yummy treats perfect for a snack or a light dessert after eating. The items are on the super sweet side though, so if you don't like super sweet things, I would tread with caution!Well, there's not much I can say about this place other than the cookies are awesome.
That's about it!  They are located at the Reading Market, so ambiance is busy and cool.  The staff are busy cranking out dreams with chocolate chips, but they still found time to smile.
What else can I say?  They make cookies!  They're great!  Get one!Awesome cookies.  Today was the second time I had 4th Street Cookies, and I had the pleasure of eating a fresh baked walnut chocolate chip cookie.  It was good, really good.  So good in fact that it made my day that much better, especially since I got caught in the rain.  I only gripe was the price and the aggressiveness of the employees, I thought they were gonna sell me a cell phone while I was buying my cookie.
Nevertheless I brushed it off the "Get Your Cookies" sirens (the sales people yell this out like Rocky yelling Adrian), and I enjoyed my cookie in peace (sort of).  Also the price can get up there $1.85 for a cookie, when you can get pizza at Francoluigi's for $2.25?  C'mon its good, but  its not a steal.
The cookie was really good though.  Not too soft, melted chocolate, crunchy walnuts, and a new cell phone plan(okay all that was true except for that last part).  Two stars off for price and service.  A word to 4th Street, you're cookies do all the talking no need to yell, the fresh cookies speak loud and clear!Sooooooo good. Cookies are perfect texture, firm on the ouside soft n the middle. Highly recommend. Although don't expect the same level of perfection from the staff. Been there a few times and found them to be grouchy more times then not.I tryed the chocolate chip cookies today and just like everyone else I really enjoyed they!  They were warm and gooey on inside... just the right snack for a rainy day!My favorite cookie bakery!! Soft, thick cookies that come in a wide variety of flavors. They have a great website that allows you to order and pick up your order. Although they are best eaten the same day, I've had them a few days later and they reheat well in the microwave. Best cookies in Philadelphia!!It's nice not to have to choose between chocolate chip and peanut butter, and even better when they're in one cookie together. At this cookie counter, they primarily do classic cookie flavors at about $2 each. It's always good to get a hot cookie, fresh out of the oven, when the chocolate chips and the peanut butter chips are still nice and gooey, and the cookie itself is soft. If it weren't for that hot, gooey factor, I don't think it would have left much of an impression with me.We adore the cookies here. So delicious! They have lots of flavor a and also deliver across the USA. They're priced by the pound and a little pricey, but oh so worth it!! We come here every time we go to Philly.Ordered a chocolate chip cookie as a snack - delicious and hit the spot!  The chocolate was still melty and soft.  Most cookies are $2 and is well worth it!Great cookies! No trip to Philadelphia would be complete without stopping by the 4th Street Cookie Company.  My guilty pleasure is the chocolate chip cookie with walnuts. The smell of baked cookies gets you as you walk in the Reading Terminal. So you can't resist!Famous 4th street cookie? It was more like your "Typical 4th street cookie". There was nothing unique about the cookie, it was just another cookie from your local store. The price point is right but again, nothing special. If you know what a cookie taste like, you do not need to try it.
Overall, excellent customer service!I was able to get this cookie in Texas by ordering them.  Still five star but this set of stars are for delivery. I ordered a dozen was happy with freshness and the same great taste I remembered from 2 summers ago. I will be ordering more since Philadelphia is not in the travel plans this year. (at least yet)Cookie company? Say no more. Seriously. Just. My mouth says thank you. 
I was giving my mom a tour of Reading Terminal earlier today, and a friend suggested we stop here. My mom bought a sugar cookie. I bought a snickerdoodle, white chocolate chip and a fresh dipped chocolate chip.
They are all gone now - a few hours later. I wish I knew their recipe, as I would make them all day every day and become morbidly obese and induce advanced stage heart failure, but it would be OK, because if you're going to go out of existence, might as well be from eating too many heavenly cookies.
Or something like that. Go there, and you will understand.I love cookies... And I love thick warm soft buttery cookies.... And these are the best cookies I have had in Philly. I'd also like to make a couple recommendations. The white chocolate macadamia nut cookies are AMAZING, get these over the chocolate chip. I have to warn you though there might be drugs in them. In fact If you like nuts in your cookies all the cookies with nuts are really really good.
My only gripe is sometimes the cookie consistency is not there (sometimes a few of them can be slightly over baked), buying the cookies can also be hectic if there are a lot of people waiting and they are expensive. Although if you consider the fact they likely have a meal's plus worth of calories you are getting a good dollar/calorie ratio.
QUICK TIP: go near closing time, they try to get rid the last of the cookies. Depending on how many they must sell, you will find deals such as buy one get one free or any cookie $1. Don't pass it up if they are having these deals!Two words - Dollar cookies!!! 
Near the end of the day you can get any remaining cookie for just $1 each. The options might be a little picked over, but the quality is pretty solid. I've worked in a bakery before, and I'd say these are above average cookies at a fair price.Tried chocolate chip with walnut and the other pecan.  Soft and freshly baked.  Yummie sums it up!Man,  I really wish I had gotten to try these warm.  Maybe, I would have appreciated them more.  I tried a bunch of different flavors, they all tasted similar.  The best thing we tried was the black and white.  4th Street's B&W iteration was FANTASTIC.  This was probably the best black and white I've ever had--though it wasn't what I would call a traditional B&W.  It was basically a sugar cookie with chocolate and vanilla ganache; nonetheless it was EXCELLENT.  I'd go back just for this.Oh my gracious, what a delicious chocolate chip cookie. Extra chocolatey, buttery, fresh, and warm. Definitely not your average cookie. So. Freaking. Good.The cookies are amazing very tasty and all of them are good from snicker doodle to the regular chocolate chip. You won't regret spending $2.00 on a cookie. The price is a lil steep but the cookie is worth every penny. If you go after 4 pm the cookies are half price.It shouldn't be physically possible to make cookies this good, yet somehow, 4th Street does it. Crispy on the outside AND gooey on the inside? Rich and decadent but not too sweet? Soft and chewy even after sitting in the window for who knows how long? It amazes me, it really does.
Basically all the cookies here are the best of that kind you will ever eat. There are a lot of good varieties to choose from, but the classic chocolate chip is probably the best. Only order the chocolate-dipped if you're a fan of type II diabetes. And word to the wise, if you head here around 4:45pm as they're selling out, all cookies are only one buck! Wahoo!!Life changing. I will never be satisfied by a Chips Ahoy ever again.
I was walking around after lunch and a lovely voice said "Hey! How bout a cookie." I took the lady up on her offer and asked for whatever was her favorite. BEST DECISION EVER!! I got a chocolate chip macadamia nut that was out of this world. Normally, if I'm thinking chocolate chip cookie I have to make a decision between a soft and chewy or a crunchy. This cookie was the best of both worlds. It was soo good that I had I to call up someone just to tell them I just had the best cookie of my life. 
The next day before returning to NYC, I almost missed my bus because I had to make a quick stop to pick up a batch to share with all my friends back home whose lives have not yet been touched by this magical cookie experience.These cookies never dissapoint, no matter what time of the day you buy cookies, they are always freshly baked. Yeah they are a bit on the pricey side but worth every bit of it.Fresh, hot, chewy, moist, rich cookies.
That's all you need to know to stop by here on the way in and again on the way out of Reading Terminal Market to get some incredibly good cookies.
Just in case that didn't convince you, I'll add a few more details:
- there are a ton of great flavors, including Chocolate Chocolate Chip, Chocolate Chip Walnut, White Chocolate Macadamia, etc.
- there are often FRESH, hot cookies being made - ask which ones were just baked and get those. No matter what the flavor is, they will be excellent.
- the cookies are soft, chewy and incredibly delicious. This is one of the best choices for dessert in the whole market, so make sure you stop by.Warm fresh giant cookies, melting gooey goodness....yes please, i'll skip dinner.Seriously amazing cookies...the chocolate chip & the white chocolate chip are soo good.
Perfectly chewy...good in size. perfect sweetness.
Prices vary by weight- we recently got 6 cookies for about $10-  got an assortment of (in order of favorites) Chocolate Chip Cookies, White Chocolate Chip Cookies, and Peanut Butter Cookies- normally I'm a HUGE PB fan...but these tasted a little dry to me- they needed something (I'm assuming the Chocolate Chip Peanut Butter Cookies are amazing- but they were sold out when I got there!)Whenever I get family over for a visit I always do a tour of Philly's best and this is a stop one must do! Not just for the amazing atmosphere at the Reading Terminal but just the cookies are sooooo damned good! My favorites? Oatmeal Rasin, Snicker Doodles, Chocolate chip. Simply A-mazing!You must try these cookies!
They are just large delicious freshly baked soft and chewy enjoyments!
The cookies are baked right on premise and are sold by the pound @ $12/lb.
So buy one or a dozen or more and hide them from your friends.
Hint: If you wait until after 4:30pm all the cookies are $1 each!I tried a chocolate chip oatmeal and jawn cookie and a double choco chip. Both were pretty tasty, but room temp, which usually wouldn't bother me but the price seemed exorbitant for what you get. If I'm in RTM and hankering for a cookie I might stop here, but I think I'll stick with insomnia cookies that are always nice and warm.Dynomite!  Great cookies..... I mean GREAT.  I have tried the chocolate chip, oatmeal raisin and peanut butter and have yet to be disappointed.The cookies are OK. I just can't get that excited about them. The consistency always seems a bit off and, for whatever reason, the flavor usually just doesn't quite do it for me. The staff is nice, and toward closing when they're doing one dollar cookies it's definitely worth it, but overall I'd rather go to the opposite corner of the Market to get Hope's.
Maybe it's just me, but I've definitely had much better cookies.First time there so I went with the classic chocolate chip and also white chocolate macadamia nut. The plain chocolate chip was just out of the oven: hot and gooey. The white chocolate macadamia was fresh but not right from the oven.
The cookies were good but not as complex in flavor as I had hoped--something was missing. They just weren't standout. Two cookies were $3.90. 
I would have to recommend Hope's Cookies--I think they are more flavorful and an overall better value.MELTED CHOCOLATE CHIP COVERED CHOCOLATE CHIP COOKIES.
...and some other ones that are equally as decadent. 
Eat some cookies.
Your dentist will thank you.I'm kind of surprised to see all the great reviews and high ratings.  I found these cookies to be mostly blobs of sugar with little depth of flavor, richness, or taste.  Considering the insane pricing of $12 per pound, $5.50 for two cookies, I was expecting a lot more.  Are they okay cookies? Yes, they are okay.  Are they GREAT, no, not even close. Are they WAY over priced? Yep.  Were people lined up to pay double for no particular reason? Yep.  But you can get the same or better for 70% less money in a supermarket or from a food truck.I love these cookies. Big, warm, and makes me smile all goofy like from the chocolate buzz I get. This is not the best cookie place I've ever had but it darn sure is up there in my favorites list.I just had the best cookie that has ever existed in this universe or the next. Part of me is so impossibly elated that I was chosen by fate to receive this cookie into my life, while the other part feels lonely knowing that I will never again find a cookie that heavenly no matter how hard I try.
Two dollars for the greatest chocolate chip cookie that has ever been? It must be a crime.
Reading terminal market is chock full of nothing but fresh, delicious, and interesting foods,but this simple yet stupendous cookie is by the best thing there.Stopped by after my time at the Philadelphia flower and garden show. I loved the chocolate chip and double-chocolate chip cookies. I would stop again on my next visit.If you ever find yourself having a Cookie Monster-like craving then this is a good place to get your cookies from. My only disappointment is that on my last 2 visits they haven't had my favorite chocolate-chocolate chip with walnuts cookies. No biggie as I quickly found some other substitutions to satisfy the sweet tooth.Before I left Philly heading rack east, I went to this bakery and bought an assortment of cookies. Chocolate chip, oatmeal rash and macadamia, and I was very happy. Great tasting cookies.I think that the Famous 4th Street Cookie Company benefits from the other goodies in Reading Market. When you're in such a celebration of fat and pleasing tastes, of course dessert will seduce you.
However, I personally have found these cookies (Chocolate Chip) to be no better than Otis Spunkmeyer or any other mall cookie. While it is a mom and pop, they trade size for unique taste. There are so many better bakeries going on in the city, and more so in the outskirt neighborhoods.
The prices for cookies here are embarrassing.
If you're like me, you'll pass on dessert here.Cookies are weighed by the pound, you'll usually end up paying close to $2 for just one. But damn they are SO SO GOOD. Best to get them fresh out of the oven!COOKIES!!!!! holy cow theirs are good.
The taste definitely reminded me of Mrs. Fields, but BETTER of course! ;)
In my first trip up to the counter, I purchased one of their chocolate macadamia nut cookies....and after we completely devoured that we knew we wanted more.
Right as I was walking back up to the cookie stand, the lady behind the counter announced that all cookies were now $1 because it was less than 1 hour till close :o YES.
I quickened my stride and bought a double chocolate chip cookie and an oatmeal raisin. Man, if I thought the chocolate macadamia nut was incredible, I don't know what adjective to give these! They were so insanely good!!!
All the cookies were so chewy, flavorful, fresh, and just OMG good. I crave them all the time now and am saddened by the fact that this place is pretty much 700 miles away from me :'(yeah...these are pretty much perfect cookies in my opinion
while they are a little on the pricey side, i dont even flinch when i am drawn to having one
the only down side to them is their addictive nature and convincing myself NOT to get one
if youve had one, you know what i mean
if you havent had one, do yourself a favor and try emHahahaha.
That's pretty much my reaction when anyone offers me a cookie. I don't like chocolate, and I don't usually like cookies. In fact, I find them to be too hard, too sweet, too soft, too ... anyway, there isn't usually a cookie that I can subscribe to because I don't like any of them.
Then I met 4th Street Cookie Company. 
The Almond Butter cookie ... changed my life. Seriously, its like crack. I think I ate two upon the first try ... and these cookies are probably like 600 calories each! I swear there's like a stick of butter in each of them. Goodness.
I have, since then, asked friends, and folks who have passed by Philly to get these crack cookies. Sigh! Definitely buy some, and when you do ... call me ... so I can get in on that!Delicious and soft! Love the chocolate chip cookies! I should have bought more before we left Philly!Love these cookies. I have to stop at this stall each time I'm in the market. Very rich, thick, chocolatey cookies. Moist and delicious. I get a few to take home and heat them up, sometimes adding a little ice cream on top. These might be my favorite cookies on the east coast.Probably the best cookies I've ever eaten.  The chocolate chip is insanely good and the outmeal raisin paired with some ice cold milk is truly a heavenly experience.  If you find yourself in Reading Terminal Market, you must stop and grab a few to take home, plus an extra one to eat immediately.Famous 4th Street is at constant battle of best cookie in Reading Terminal Market against Hope's cookies at the PA General store. For me, they win in the peanut butter cookie round. Walking up to the case, I was off put by the crispy looking cookies. Crispy cookies are just wrong. Boy was I proven wrong! These cookies look hard but they are moist and chewy. The cookie tasted like fresh natural peanut butter. They have the perfect balance of base and peanut butter. If you are a peanut butter fanatic like me, get one. You will not be disappointed! Just make sure you have a drink with you. The chewiness and salty peanut taste tends to make me thirsty. You are in RTM! I'm sure you can find something to wash it down with!The biggest baddest cookies you could want - and then dipped in chocolate!!!
The diet starts Monday.OHHHH MYYY!!!! Hands down best black and white cookie I've ever had.  I would marry this cookie if it was a man.  This is my staple cookie whenever I'm in NYC.  I've actually organized a nice black and white cookie crawl through the city comparing all the bakeries.  This place...has every single place beat.  
I bought the last two cookies, after hyperish squealing that they even had them.  The girl behind the counter had to have thought I was weird...since I was talking on helium.  I tried the cookie after some awesome lunch in the market, and moaned after EVERY BITE.  The little boy next to me stared at the cookie as I was eating it, thinking it had to be one hell of a cookie.  Not that kids think of "one hell of anything".  This was crunchy on the outside, icing curled over the edge of the cookie, hardened to perfection.  They definitely use more brown sugar than white, since the cookie is so decadent.  Love this.  Need more.  Ok, I bought the last two and was hoarding the other one.  Need to eat it now after writing about it.  In my hand.  Gone.
Ok, I'll seriously marry anyone who can replicate this cookie for me...or drive to Philly and buy me some.I got the chocolate chip walnut cookie. It was AMAZING! I really wished I would've bought other cookies to go, but I figured I would try one first before buying a bunch.
I forgot about the cookie I bought and ended up eating it while at the airport. It was the perfect slightly chewy and buttery consistency. 
The only downside is that it is $2 a cookie, which is expensive in my opinion, but it was the best $2 I spent that day!
Treat yo' self!
Located at the Reading Terminal Market.Stopped by the reading terminal for a snack after a doctors appointment. I was surprised to see it so busy despite the fact it was 3 pm on a Monday night. I was going to get a donut from beilers but decided to get a cookie and coffee from 4th street coffee.
Coffee is good. Cookie is nice and soft. Can't complain really.I'm pretty sure these cookies started out as an inedible mess from your child's home-ec project. In the next life, perhaps they became a Chips Ahoy! cookie, then maybe one from Pepperidge Farm-- born over and over again, suffering through a thousand cookie lifetimes before they ultimately became a Famous 4th Street Cookie Co. Cookie... and reached COOKIE NIRVANA.
Everything about these cookies is flawless.
I've tried Chocolate Chip Pecan, Chocolate Chip Walnut, Cinnamon Oatmeal Raisin, Regular Oatmeal Raisin & Snickerdoodle. (Do NOT worry. I will eventually try the rest.)
SIZE: The cookies are quite large and thick, but it works. Keep reading to find out why.
TEXTURE: The size allows the cookies to be BOTH hard & crunchy on the outside, AND soft & chewy on the inside. Surely it is able to satisfy people on both sides of the "Hard vs. Soft" cookie schools of thought.
PROPORTION: The size also provides room for the cookies to have lots of add-ins (chocolate chips, nuts, raisins, magic, etc.) without ruining the overall balance.
PRICE: They're normally $2 each, but get there an hour before they close and they're $1! Be aggressive though, because it'll quickly turn into a mob scene and all the cookies will be gone if you don't grow some balls.
TASTE: BOOOOOOM! Sweet, but not sugary. Rich, but not heavy. All of the flavors from each of the ingredients really shine through.
Good thing I don't live in Philadelphia so I can't be tempted.
At the same time... good thing I can still order their cookies online!Another star of Reading Terminal Market, this cookie place. the nice lady recommended had a fresh-from-the-oven white chocolate chip cookie that melted in my mouth. These cookies were the perfect texture, not to crunchy, but with some crunch, and not to gooey, but with some goo. I also had a dipped chocolate chip cookie that was like a cookie-candy bar with almost a ganache over the top, and a rich chocolate chip with pecans that was just a unique twist on a classic.We went to Philly for vacation and stopped in Reading Terminal Market for lunch and these cookies were good! We got 4 or 5 of them and a chocolate covered one. Little expensive but great tasting!The cookies at Famous 4th St Cookie Co. are a solid choice for cookies in the Reading Terminal Market.  The double chocolate chip cookies are warm and full of chocolate chips. Soft on the inside yet crispy on the outside.... yum.  The sugar cookies are also very good and tasty.  The fee for each cookie is based on weight.  You can not go wrong ordering a cookie from this spot.I had never been here before, and bought a sampler box to take to a meeting. Everyone loved their cookie. These are not light. There are not small and dainty. But each cookie appeared to be baked with consistency in temperature, and, in distribution of ingredients -- so that no one felt that their chocolate chip cookie had only 2 chips, while the person next to them had 18. 
Top notch.With satiated appetites but wanting to get as much tasty experience as possible in the Reading Terminal Market, we stopped by this cookie shop.
The flavors available are exquisite and delicious. The service was quick and the staff are very pleasant and cheery. We bought our cookies and took them home to Massachusetts. They were great after the long drive home! We will miss you Philadelphia!Good, enjoyed, but forgettable. Wanted to love these cookies like other yelpers, but alas, their cakey texture is just not to my personal liking [despite their high quality].
I'll stick with Insomnia.Great looking cookies but when I bit into my chocolate dipped chocolate chip cookie I was dissappointed. For a three dollar cookie I expected it to be fresh and delicious but it was dry and over cooked. I would try a different cookie next time.The cookies are fabulous !!! The service is lacking as they don't know about their own coupons including the one posted on yelp .. But none the less these cookies are my favorite in the whole world !I read about this place having the best chocolate chip cookies in Philadelphia, but I didn't think it was as phenomenal as it was hyped to be. The chocolate chip cookies are great...they are very thick and crunchy on the edges and super soft in the middle - which is perfect if that's your jam! The flavor was a bit off for me though, perhaps it was a pinch too much salt? 
The black and white cookie was amazing though! Just perfect! I'll definitely come back and snag a black and white next time I'm craving one.Double chocolate cookie was warm, moist, and packed with chocolate bits. Service wasn't all too friendly, straight to the point, which is good during busy times, but I was the only one on line...When the cookies are warm, excellent.  They lose a bit of quality when cool but are still tasty.  If you are in that end of the market, it is pretty good, but eat them quickly.Every year our office receives a UPS package a few days after Thanksgiving. It's a giant box and somehow, I know the sight of that box when the delivery guy is walking towards my desk. It's a giant box of the freshest, most delicious cookies I've ever tasted (aside from those made by my Mom of course) and today was that day. 
An assortment of cookies were calling my name well before I tore into the box to get to them. Oatmeal raisin is very good, choco chip is soft and the choco chips melt in your mouth with each bite. But, I am a big fan of the choco chip with walnut! Those pups are my favorite and I stashed a few in my desk for later. 
Definitely a winner and I just wanted to give some love, from those of us in San Francisco, enjoying these amazing cookies. Thank you!!I think these are some of the best cookies I have ever had, if you don't mind feeling like you're going to get Diabetes immediately afterward. They have these chocolate-chip cookies with fudge coating that are sinfully delicious. They're pretty expensive, though, and the woman constantly yells "Cookies, cookies, don't forget your cookies!", which is really obnoxious after a while.Chocolate walnut cookies-YUM! This place is very busy but I'm glad I stuck around to try it.  At first the cookies looked a bit on the burnt side but once I took that bite, heavenly delicious!  A lil crisp on the outside with soft ooey gooey inside.  Loved it!I love how the cookies come out warm and fresh. Such a comfort to my soul. I will always compare other cookies to Specialtys (a bakery on the west coast), whose milk chocolate chip cookie I adore the most.  however, this chocolate chip/walnut cookie almost knocked off my dearly beloved Specialtys cookie off its pedestal. It tasted like a freshly homemade cookie. I'm going back for more and no one can stop me.I love chocolate chip cookies, and they made the best chocolate chip cookie I ever ate. Better than your grandma, better than you....Famous 4th Street Cookies has this down to a science. No one compares. So rich and moist with so many chocolate chips.You know it's a good sign when they sell cookies by the pound. It's hard to resist the wonderful aromas wafting from the 4th Street Cookie Company, and why would you? Indulge in some of the most delicious cookies you'll ever taste. My favorite are the butterscotch and snicker doodle, but you truly can't go wrong. The cookies were a bit more expensive than I expected (about $1.50 - $2 per cookie), but it's well worth the treat.I googled "best cookies in Reading Terminal Market" and this came up. The worst cookies honestly. They were dry, not at all fresh, more like choke cookies. I wasted my money on these, I won't be back.OMG OMG OMG. Chocolate chip Macadamia.  First bought 1 cookie and left. I was trying to pace myself I love sweets. Went 10 blocks and return to buy more.  This cookie was outstanding.  We need this place in Texas.love the peanut butter chocolate chip cookie and the black and white cookie!!!
chewy, moist, and warm with ooey goey chocolate and crispy edges make some of the best cookies i've ever had.When I think of good chocolate chip cookies I think of Famous 4th Street.  Cookies don't get much  better than this.  My son has brought a tray into school for his birthday -- the kids and the teachers go crazy.  We've even put cookies in the freezer for later.  So good.
Great local business too!The chocolate chip cookies I had from here were awesome.  They were nice and soft just as I like them.  The amount of chocolate in the cookie was very high, so napkins were a must.  I will definitely stop back next time I'm in Reading Terminal Market.Soft, moist, and fresh cookies that are just too good to pass up everytime we go to the market.  My favorites are the double chocolate chunk and chocolate chip macadamian nut.  Get here for one dollar a cookie around 4-4:30.  For the sake of my arteries, i had to stop myself from buying everything at that price.Famous 4th Street Cookie Company in Reading Terminal Market is a delicious spin off of my favorite Jewish Deli in all of Philly, Famous 4th Street. It's classic and so are these cookies. They're dense, chewy and rather large and in charge. If you've eaten at the restaurant over on Bainbridge, you have been lucky enough to have been handed one of these after your meal. You probably also at that very moment fell in love with them. 
I grew up on these cookies and they are probably up there with my favorite I've ever had. My go-to has always been chocolate chip walnut although trying classic chocolate chip is a good idea too. They also offer oatmeal raisin (which my kids love), chocolate M&M, white macadamia, chocolate macadamia, pb chocolate chip and chocolate oatmeal walnut. They do offer a bunch of other non chocolate cookies, but to me that's just a waste of calories and not worthy of a mention. Go big or go home here. Chocolate is where it's at. 
They're $2.00 each, $3.00 for chocolate dipped. 
Say what?! 
They make lovely party trays which are sure to be a hit! 
If you arrive before 11am and purchase 3 or more, you receive a 4th FREE! 
10%off to jurors with badge. 
4.5 Stars.Cookies here are delicious! They are thick, soft, and filled with rich chocolate chips! I literally get a whole box (12) each time I buy, and then are usually out within a week or two.  They are so addictive, I have to avoid going to that corner of the market just so I do not fall for the temptation. I've tried all their cookies, my favorite is still their chocolate chips.The chocolate chip cookie was amazing. It was warm, chewy, and oh so fresh! We also got an all vanilla (black-n-white) cookie. They make any custom requests right in front of you. You won't regret anything here.Soft, tasty, chewy, chocolatey cookies, what more could you ask for!  Get the chocolate chip cookie dipped in chocolate chip!! Oh I wish I had one right now!!4th Street Cookie Company is one of my favorite stops at Reading Terminal Market for two reasons. First, the cookies are always soft and fresh. Second, there are over a dozen varieties of cookies available so any cookie craving can be satisfied. I particularly like that the service is very fast so that there is rarely a wait. I'd rate it 4.5 stars."Watch out! They're hot!"  I love when they say that as they hand me a chocolate chip cookie right out of the oven.  These are the absolutely best chocolate chip cookies in the world!  I used to love it when they would give me some at the end of my meal at The Famous 4th Street Deli.  Then they opened this place at Reading Terminal.  They just serve cookies.  Awesome cookies!I'm super hard on bakeries.  As a person who can bake I have a higher standard than most folks.  The first time I went to this spot it was closed.  The Reading Terminal Market was still open, but this place was closed up.  I came back again the next day at lunch (my hotel was across the street).  I informed them that I was allergic to tree nuts and made sure there was no cross contamination.  They informed me that I was not able to eat anything in their store because they could not guarantee they didn't use the same spatula on the non-nut cookies.  That was disturbing, but I was glad they told me.
However, some hot chocolate cookies were coming out of the oven and they let me buy those.  I thought this was a pretty good cookie.  I would have added vanilla (or more vanilla) to the cookie, but overall it was a really decent cookie.
I don't know if I would ship them to anyone, but I was glad I tried them.  I was also glad that I was able to try them.  I would suggest that they not use the same spatula.  If they are aware of the issue they should correct it.Sweet heaven! You can't walk around the market without smelling these delicious little devils (of amazingness) and not want to shove one (or four) in your face. 
I am with DJ K., always! "My diet starts on Monday" and that rule was made for spots like this. 
I didn't go for the chocolate covered, just the basic fresh made cookies. I got four different flavors to try and the chocolate chip is seriously finger licking good. Yes, you need to lick your fingers if they are fresh outta the oven because the gooey, amazing, sweet chocolate melts all over your fingers. I feel like I am literally making a food porno when I chow down on one of these.
The texture is perfect for a cookie, soft but crunchy and you can't go wrong with the size, nice and thick! To feel less guilty, buy a pack and take 'em home to share, just don't eat them all on the way home. God Speed!When they're hot - they are just heavenly - especially the White Chunk Macadamia - but DAMN they are expensive.  (And way too caloric for me to indulge in regularly.)
If you time it right you can get a free sample - which is just a bite or two and can be just enough to prevent you from buying and eating a whole one.
The buy 3 get the 4th free is a standard "special" - so that's really not so special after all.