Convenient when you're bar hopping down in the city, but rude bartenders. Especially the middle aged woman who reminded me of an uglier Carla from Cheers.First time here last evening, overall super impressed. Has that dive bar appeal, but the quality of food, selection of drink, etc exceed the maximum for a dive bar. We sat in "the back bar". Small and dark, just how we like it! Makes for a really good ambience. Would definitely be great for a small gathering or party. The service was great! The food was on par with your above average Philly restaurant, but the prices sit just below what the others would charge. They have a great HH that runs from 5-7. We just missed out on that. 
Great experience for us. It's definitely crowded on a Friday evening, but so are many other spots in Philly. In my opinion, it's certainly worth the cramp. I'd definitely recommend at least one try here.I found it to be cozy and laid back. The food was really good and even though we felt a bit cramped it was never uncomfortable. I like to go in the fall and winter when I'm most in the mood for pubs.To be fair, I've never had their Traditional Chicken Pot Pie before, but I have eaten many times in other food establishments, but this was foul. (near spoiled) could be way to much of an herb, maybe thyme, did not see any in the dish. For me not to eat something, it has to be inadequate. I complained, they took it off my bill.  No manager or chef in sight. 
The burger was WAY better.
Service was poor.I just had a couple of Tito's and grapefruit (greyhounds) AND the grapefruit juice was fresh and tasty...didn't taste like the canned grapefruit I've tasted at other bars...and the service was great.I love Happy Rooster!  I love it because they have randomly incredible food.  I love it because they have excellent Bloody Mary's.  I love it because of its atmosphere.  But mostly I love it because of its food.  What can I say.  I like food.  Shocking I know.
But really, their food is excellent.  I've had a large variety of choices off of the menu, and they've all been fantastic.  And I was talking to my dad about this place the other day, and he says that even back in the 1780's when he was working in downtown Philadelphia (haha jussssst kidding...more like the 1910's.  Don't tell him I said that.) they had great food for extremely reasonable prices.  
So if you ever find yourself at the corner of 16th and Sansom and are about to walk into the gaudily present Marathon Grill across the street, and you by happen-chance look over and see this cute little sign that looks kind of old and kind of random, and you think, "hey!  I read that weird girl Liz's review of this place on that website" you should try it out.  Do it.  I dare you.  I double dog dare you.We just went for drinks on a Saturday night.  Service was poor... drinks were over-priced... and we got over-charged.  They had one bartender, Regina (I believe) and they were swamped. Womp...womp...The staff is friendly and knowledgable.
Nothing on tap, but a decent beer selection. Definitely recommend the lobster Mac and cheese.This place is exceptional! Favorite bar in the city. Grab a drink or dinner either way you'll leave satisfied. Also, Bartender Diane is the bomb dot com!Came in for a quick beer expecting average service and accidentally found my new favorite spot. Jocelyn is incredible, as well as the rest of the service. Congrats guys, you've earned a new regular.Unhappy Rooster- visiting from out of town, looked like a cute and cozy spot when we walked by. Decided to give it a try and walked in and there weren't any bar spots available and all tables had a reserved sign placed on them. We were getting ready to walk out when nice customers offered us their seats because they were leaving. While we were waiting for the customers to gather their things and leave, we noticed a lady serving wine from behind the bar and an officer waiting with a $20 bill out. The lady behind the bar serving glasses of wine never said a word to us until after 5 minutes we had been seated at the bar top. She said, "the bartender will be here shortly." We continued to wait and finally decided that we were waiting at a place with poor customer service. If an officer can't get served within 3 minutes, then there's bigger issues at this place. Too many bar options available in the area to be given poor service.Watched the owner call a woman a cunt during a political argument on election night.  All my coworkers agree, never again.Stopped here for a quick drink after missing my train.  Very divey bar, especially considering the location  Inside could use about $50k of renovations.  Staff was attentive but made an error on my drink order.  They only had bottles/cans, nothing on tap.  Maybe the food is good, but certainly are much, much better spots to grab a beer.Really cool bar. Two bars, the front one with ample seating and one in the back with more intimate seating. The front one has booths while the back has two seater table tops. Great vibe , awesome music. They stopped serving food at 11 pm (sadly we missed the food). Not sure what was up with the bartender. Didn't smile, didn't ask how are you, sitting off to the side on his phone because the bar was busy. Not cool for a bartender to do. Maybe just an off night for him. Waitress is great, cute to boot too! Loved everything about the bat except for the mood of the bartender. Lots of locals. Not sure about the back bartender. Flatbread looked delicious.A group of us decided to go out this Sunday after work to toast our manager who was transferring. It was quite empty when the 12 of us got there, but it slowly started to fill up.  There was only one bartender and there was no service for the tables. It started to get a little crazy for the bartender. I sort of figured out the guy sitting next to me watching the Eagles was either the manager or supervisor, he did pick up food and deliver it to the bartender. What kind of place does this happen in? How does the manager sit there watching TV when this girl is getting buried? Not impressed enough to make any of us go back. Too bad Happy Rooster owners:(....Went here for a afternoon cap and late lunch. Had the shrimp and grits which had nice flavor. Good service and good. I would recommend for a quick eat, good service and cozy environment.I really like this place-especially amongst all the other "bars" around center city.  It's NOT a dive, but has that welcoming homey feel.  The food (bar snacks, brunch, and dinner fare) have all been really good (not all typical bar food, and with good flavor).  Drinks are often stiff, which is never a problem.  There's routinely descent music (i.e. not mainstream or electronic garbage) on, which is always a huge plus!i don't know how it took me so long to get here. a friend and i did our own bar crawl before meeting up with friends and we stopped in for shots. it was around 11 pm on a friday and we got a table to ourselves. threw back two shots of espolon each for $1 over well price and remarked on the good vibe. i'll go back.Food was ok.  Installations were ok.  Service was ok.  Overall ok, nothing fancy, nothing worth mentioning except that service was quick.This place is uninspiring.  You walk in and you see a nice intimate space where you could have fun posting up for a few hours, except for the food is chain restaurant quality.   If you are gonna have lobster, cheese plates, and other gussied up fare, with above average prices to match, then please come correct.   They do not.   This is chain restaurant quality and it's not like they are breaking any new ground here with the creativity (i.e. lobster mac & cheese).  Way better food, way better spots to drink closeby.  Like Jay-Z said on the Kingdom Come album, on to the next.Nice place for drinks and small bites. The staff seems a little rude. Or maybe we just caught them at a bad night.
They did have some nice food specials on the board, will visit again next time I'm in Philly.The Happy Rooster isn't a destination bar for me and probably will never be. Even so, it's a solid place to grab a drink and chat with friends.
The front room consists of a bar and several booths. It's pretty tight so it's a good place to hunker down versus move around the bar.  There's also a back bar which I've only see through the door between the front bar and back bar.
In my past experiences the bar service also tends to be pretty slow so it's not an ideal place for a quick drink. 
All and all, I've had some good times and will probably return at some point or another for a drink or two.I've sampled their food but not had a full meal. But I look forward to doing so. The ingredients were fresh and tasty.Great place!  Friendly staff and good choices of beer on tap.  Visited from   New York and looking forward to going back!Stopped in for a quick beer. Good selection, good service and  reasonably priced. A little on the dark side on the interior but would go back.This is one of my favorite bars in Philly just because of the quiet ambiance and smaller size. Great place to bring a date or just enjoy whatever game is on TV. $3 lager at happy hour and chili cheese fries. Nice.Low key spot, with extremely quiet music - great for just hanging out and talking with your friends.  No beers on tap, only in bottle.  Sat at the back of the bar (after the dangerous waterless moat) and talked to my friends.  Good time, friendly bartender.  Even got to charge my phone!Had a very disappointing dinner at the (un) Happy rooster last night.  The gyro had a few slices of cold lamb (?) instead of the usual ground, spicy and HOT lamb stuffed into the average gyro.  Even the standard street version is tastier!  Place was close to empty and the service was rude.  How do they stay in business?Great rainy day spot for a quick lunch! Had the Lobster roll Fries and a glass of white wine! Simply the best!!!!Happy Rooster has been around for decades and is a Philadelphia legend.
 "The Rooster" is a dark hideaway with no intention to conform .  Food is an accommodation not a feature and service is grim. The Happy Rooster lives on and preserves its tradition. 
ZOOMTIGER@comcast.netI really, really, really wanted to give Happy Rooster more stars - especially since I know the chef - and his family and he is a really great guy and has re-vamped the menu.
The menu itself is very nice - we especially enjoyed the asparagus app - with a luscious poached egg on top and truffle-infused pecorino cheese (Oh yes, and Bacon.).  It harkened to a traditional French preparation - with a lemony twist.
I also really liked the house-made gnocchi, but the oxtail on top of it was very oily (even moreso - and yes, i know - oxtail is not a "light and healthy choice".)  That said, they offer an app & entree portion and I should have gotten the smaller app portion.  I took about 1/3 of it home.  It was very tasty.  (Just a wee bit oilier than I'd like.)
My friend had the (again house-made) agnolloti - which were good, but not spectacular.  After eating the asparagus salad - the sauce for the agnollotti (which also has butter and lemon in it) seemed a but redundant.  Maybe that was our fault for a bad ordering choice??  In any case, the fresh fava beans were EXCELLENT.  (I'm a fan of teeny-beanies!)  
The 2 (male) bartenders who also served us were prompt and couteous.  Alas, my chef-friend, had already left for the night - but he is doing a great job in turning this place around.
A vast improvement on the menu front.
Dinner for 2 ran us just over $50 - but we did not order drinks or dessert.  (Alas, no room for the home-made zeppole. )  Maybe next time.Despite the fact that my friend, and most-trusted yelper, Melissa P. absolutely wrecked this place in her review, I totally dug it.
That said, I didn't order any food--just went for drinks while waiting for some seats to open up at the Oyster House.
But as a bar, I found the Happy Rooster to be quite refreshing. A divey, no-nonsense joint smack in the middle of a ever-annoying trendy block of Sansom.
Good beer, solid bartender, interesting people, no discernible hipsters. I'll go back.Great atmosphere!  Good food!  The chicken cheese steak was chunks of chicken!!  The bartender Seth was great...the watermelon and cucumber martini rocked!  Kaila was a great server!My significant other and I came here after seeing a show and were very pleased with our decision to try it out. The lobster roll is to die for and their steaks are very good too!! The drinks were right on point and the atmosphere was very laid back and mellow which we really enjoyed.Looks like a dive bar but it's so much more. Go for the amazing Buffalo Shrimp, brunch, basically anything on the menu  and go back again and again for the great service - especially Jamin who will go out of his way to make you feel welcome and make sure you're having a great time!A nice cozy place. The menu is limited somewhat, but there is something for everyone, and it is done very well. The Boeuf Bourguignon Was very good and the duck breast was perfect. I recommend the seared foie gras appetizer as well. 
As for the wine list, it's short but affordable and they are good wines that pair up well with the menu. 
They made me a good Tanqueray martini too.The only reason why I gave one star is because no stars was not an option. First off, this devil woman was serving us drinks and did not even know how to make a proper vodka and cranberry that was overpriced and watered down. I handed her $10 for a $9 and she kept my dollar that I did not intend on giving her. To put it simply, avoid this place if you are under 45.I wandered into this place one night just after I moved back to Philadelphia.  I hadn't lived here since I was 18, so I didn't know many good bars in Center City yet, and I couldn't find the one bar where I wanted to go, since I was taking my former M.A. adviser, who was in town for a conference, out for a beer.  He's not picky about bars, so I saw the Happy Rooster and ducked inside, pretending that it was where I intended to take him all along.
I was pleasantly surprised when we got inside.  Although it was a crowded weekend night, we managed to get a small table.  The leather, brass, and dark wood decor is very appropriate for a little pub, and the beer was good.  The table was in a corner, so it shielded us from some of the din so we could actually hear one another talk.  We also got our drinks quickly, which was surprising because the place was so packed with patrons.  
I haven't eaten here, but I intend to at some point.  I hear it's got a great chef.Went for drinks on a Friday night. The place was packed. Everyone was very drunk except for us. Although we got a seat right away and had a phenomenal bartender. Talked with us for a while despite being swamped and gave us a couple free beers. I will be returning. Great little local spot.Not very good. Our burgers were way undercooked and the fried egg was overcooked so the yolk, which our waitress said was the best part, was nonexistent. It was a shame for me because I don't usually eat meat-so I was really looking forward to a good bacon burger. Service was good, although slightly overwhelmed. Good wine, nicer pour. In short, I wouldn't waste my money again.Local neighborhood bar. Small, dark, perfect for a drink with your date or grab a booth with a 4some.  Random music in the background, friendly bartender...maybe the only place in rittenhouse square that doesnt have a scene and isnt trying to.
While your friends are dragging you to another trendy club in the area, drag them in here for a quick drink on the way and it will be the best drink of the night!I came in for a drink and a bite with the wife the other night. Aside from the pretentious bartender, I had an excellent time!
We came in after work and fortunately there were a couple of spots next to each other at the bar. I had a victory seasonal winter beer which was fine and then ordered the fish tacos. The tacos were crispy and prepared the way that should be, with cabbage and white sauce on a corn tortilla. There was also a spicy salsa somewhere in there which was a bit hot. A little more than I would have liked. I generally enjoy spicy tastes  and thus have a higher than normal threshold for being turned off by something being too spicy. And usually when something is spicy enough to turn me off, there is some warning. No warning. So that was a surprise. And strange. So yeah if you are sensitive to spicy then yeah be careful. 
The wife had a lamb gyro that was pretty tasty. The lamb tasted fresh and there was a fantastic yogurt sauce. I would get that next time myself. So, I'll be back again at some point. If this place were in my neighborhood, I would be here every week. But for this neighborhood, it doesn't stand out THAT much. As I'm new to the city, especially center city, there is A LOT of other options to try. I mean, we'll see. The location is great.My friends and I went to The Happy Rooster for dinner last Thursday night and had a great experience. We were greeted with nothing but kindness and our food was PHENOMENAL! I had the veal chop which was the best I have ever had, my friends had the lobster rolls and fish tacos - all three meals were outstanding. We moved to the bar after dinner to enjoy some cocktails and our bartender Diane was so sweet and attentive. I cannot say enough good things about the service and the food at this place. I will definitely be going back.Honestly love this dive bar. They actually have a great menu of drink AND FOOD options. The only thing I have tried are the brussel sprouts and they're soooooooo good. I really enjoy just hanging out at the front bar and having a drink with a friend. Theres always a good crowd there. They also have a back bar too. Theres always enough seating. If you're looking for a really casual vibe with good drinks and simple food, this is a wonderful spot!From the bartender who alternated between space cadet and June Cleaver to the existentially mudane decor of its namesake cocks, each of the Happy Rooster's two diminutive bars recall a Lynchian waiting-room of euphoric dread.   
Into this atmosphere of nervous consumption, rare-as-unicorn cans of San Pellegrino Aranciata appear alongside more workaday mixers.  Astronaut Housewife suggests we try the shrimp and grits, or the trout.  Calamari and french fries are on short-term, deep discount. 
We pay for the sin of not heeding her suggestions with a greasy case of onion rings.Only had drinks here in the back bar area. We were the only people in the back bar. Very nice bar & nice and cool while outside is about 90 degreesThis review is just about the bar.  I would like to come back and try the Lobster Roll & Fries!
Every time I've gone to Happy Rooster, it's been fine.  Nothing special.  They have relatively cheap beer, it's never been too crowded either.  It's a good spot to go before you go out to grab a drink or a beer with a friend.Happy Rooster is like a friend you don't see too often. You get together, and you're thinking "Man, this is great. Why don't we hang out more??" By the end of the night, though, you remember exactly why you never call this person first.
Cozy and dark, with roosters all over and big, comfy booths that encourage conversation, I like the space here. The bartender and wait staff are friendly and accommodating and just a pleasure to be around. This has the makings of a great bar, except that, unfortunately, there isn't a whole lot to drink.
Clearly the Happy Rooster isn't focusing on beer, but a list with Chimay Red and Boddington's as the best options just doesn't cut it in Philadelphia - it is not a good thing when the jacked up deli on the corner has a more interesting, less expensive beer selection than your bar. I usually opt for a glass of wine here, and that list, too, seems a little limited and a little pricey. 
That goes for the bar menu as well. An order of fries, at $7, could have used another minute or two in the fryer and some salt. We also tried the mozzarella with tomato and roasted pepper, which was a disaster of a snack. The mozzarella puck earned itself two comparisons to shoes (my friend said leather, but I was thinking more along the lines of a rubbery sole, myself), the tomato sauce was sadly lacking in verve, and the two shreds of pepper on top just made the whole thing a little more pitiable. This was difficult to eat and the opposite of delicious, but the kindly bartender told us they had just changed the dish, so hopefully it's only temporary.
Happy Rooster has a lot going for it, but in a city where you can't spit without hitting a top-notch drinking establishment (and believe me, I've tried), it's not quite up to par.I love this bar. I do not live in Philly, but I always make it a point to go when I am in town. The bar is dark and quaint. The noise level is not overwhelming, so you can have a conversation with a friend or date. I went for some late-night drinks with a co-worker, and we sat and talked comfortably for hours. I went back by myself, and it was a very relaxing atmosphere with an engaging 30s crowd. I have not eaten here, but the food looks wonderful.stopped in here the other evening and it's a nice cozy upscale dive bar....small with dark interior,low lighting and lots of foreign menus on the wall from around the globe....quaint....also has another small bar in the back room (watch your step....u will c why !) bartenders were nice and my beer was nice and cold.....my opinion is that the beer was a little pricey and so is the menu....they do have a different selection on the menu compared to other places but i didn't have a chance to order anything...i was there to check it out and have one beer.....would i go back ? definitly the next time i make it into the cityAlways wanted to try this place and now I can say I have and never return. The short of it: overpriced poorly made food and drinks. 
We ordered fried sweetbreads, a Niçoise salad, mini burger and maple hot wings. We also ordered a Tom Collins and other less complicated drinks. Most did not go as planned. 
I didn't know that sweetbreads were the thalamus gland of animals so I couldn't eat it once I did learn that but that was probably the best thing we got.
The salad has five ingredients (if you count lettuce) and two of them were missing. The waitress/bartender was so busy it was difficult to grab her to get what we needed. She also acted like I was crazy for asking for my green beans. And it was TINY. For 15$ I want a dinner sized salad not a side dish. 
The wings were all sweet, no hot and inedible. And the mini burger was an overpriced, overdone (ordered medium got well) slider. 
My Tom Collins was nothing like it was supposed to be. At all. It was a completely different drink. If you don't know how to make my drink, ask. Please. 
We left hungry, thirsty and with empty pockets, never to return.We decided to forgo the insane crowds of Sips-happy folks at Zavino, Nodding Head, Oyster House, Ladder 15...and finally stopped into the Happy Rooster. Definitely an institution in my book - my grandfather spent many a happy hour here when he worked at Liberty Place and I have been a couple of times during some booze-filled evenings. As I understand it, it's changed hands a few times recently. 
The space is tiny but cozy. We had great service as well. I am surprised about the lack of drafts and the beer list wasn't exactly cheap (most were $7-8) or inspired. I stuck with a glass of house white (also not inexpensive at $8). A cocktail with Stoli was $9 (and tiny). 
Complimentary bread was pretty standard. I know that everything is NOT going to be JG Domestic's warm parker house rolls. 
The chilled red pepper and tomato soup was absolutely delicious. Seriously, I wanted to order another bowl to take home. Great flavor and a kick! 
Beer batter fried pickles. Oh my word. These are bread and butter pickles and frying them was seriously inspired. I love the slices, not the spears, and these are tasty. 
This is probably one of the rare times in which I've ordered a burger medium rare and it IS medium rare. It's a big burger - topped with bacon-onion jam and cheddar. I wish the cheddar was a thick slice. It looked like it was sprinkled, which was...odd. Bacon onion jam was pretty baller though. 
I tend to forget this place is here, which is sad. I need to come back more often!Came here with the boyz to chill and relax. We couldn't really find a place to eat and we wanted to try something new. We did some searching on yelp and eventually decided on just coming here. 
They have a bomb menu. Like it looks amazing. The waitress was nice.
The food was aight. I got the lobster roll. Mind you I don't have anything to compare to since that was my first ever lobster roll. We also got the guac and chips. 
The food wasn't bad but wasn't amazing.Enjoyed one of the best chicken cheesesteak sandwiches I've ever had, made with a bit of teriyaki sauce, big chunks of chicken and just the right amount of cheese on a tasty toasted bun. This Rooster is happy.Chef is extremely creative.  The temperature of the meats are spot on!  very accommodating.This place is hands down the best burger joint in Philly. I didn't know what to expect when walking up to this place, but I felt right at home. This isn't your stereotypical sports bar- the TVs are bigger, the beats are thicker, and they've got every domestic on draft. Nice touch!
My first drink was their "Fuzzy Navel Martini". It went down smooth! I wanted to order the Cajun fries, but they were out. No problem- the bartender said he would comp a round to make it up to me. What a gal!
For my second drink I ordered their "World Famous Irish Car Bomb Milkshake". It was delicious AND filling. 
I wish I could have stayed longer, but their "Bears Only Hour" was about to start and I was freshly shaven. Will return would return!I was sitting at Marathon  Grill today with my boyfriend, and reminiscing about the strange experience we had eating across the street at Happy Rooster about 6 months ago. I don't know if it has changed since then, but this is what happened:
We were in Center City looking for a couch on a Saturday evening. Said couch store was close. Of course, my thoughts then progressed to wanting a beer. A nice cold one. Now. So we walked into the Happy Rooster thinking cool looking old school dive-y bar. Probably a solid place to order a beer and a burger. Sat down, asked what they have on draught. NOTHING?! ARE YOU KIDDING ME?! Not acceptable. But, because I have a soft heart and refused to just get up and leave, I ordered a beer in a bottle. Then came the menus. This dive bar in the middle of Center City didn't have anything under 15 bucks on the menu. And no burgers, no sandwiches, just fancy entrees. Not acceptable. So bf and I ordered off the menu because we felt bad, he had some weird egg and caviar dish and I had mussels. Our total bill was like 60 bucks. Not acceptable. 
This place oozes contradiction so be forewarned, DO NOT GO HERE EXPECTING BAR FOOD OR DRAUGHT BEER. Unless it has changed over the past 6 months. 
I give it two stars because the service was friendly and the mussels were OK.Had a great dinner kind of late on a Monday which, sadly, is rare in Philadelphia.  The duck something-or-other in the small plate size was perfect. And there's always a good crowd at the bar.My experience at the happy rooster was extremely brief. My friends and I walked in, sat at a horribly cramped booth near the bar, looked a the draft list, saw that the yards brawler was listed as 7 dollars! And left. All their other beers were way way overpriced as well.
P.s the brawler is a 4 dollar beer. 5 at most!
P.p.s the server and bartender seemed nice, I never just leave a place, but as we did the bartender gave us the " yeah I know, I understand" look" 
I am not cheap. But. Don't want to have to pay for something I don't need toI stumbled upon this place (literally) whilst out for a few beers. The decor inside is old fashioned and somewhat "divey"
Although there were no taps there was an extensive choice of beers. I'm not much of a cocktail drinker but the Orange crush I had here was great.
Although I can't pin point it, there was just something about this place I really liked.
I will be definitely coming here again.I have been a repeat customer at The Happy Rooster. That's a good thing. I like it. It is a comfortable bar/restaurant that is usually easy to get into. If there is a wait for a table, it isn't very long. The tall bartender is friendly but the girls are a mixed bag. It depends on who is working I guess. The beer menu is very limited but ok enough. It is bottles only which is fine by me. I just wish they offered more, like so many good bars and restaurants are doing. The décor is the problem. It's awful. Not the rooster theme or the wall with old menus on it. That's great! The old ceiling tiles and old worn booths really need to go. And aside from the old converted gas lights, the front bar could be redone too. I know that the dive bar feel is a draw but these things really need to be replaced. The food is really good, surprisingly good in fact. I have enjoyed everything I've ever gotten here. I laugh though because the chalk board specials never seem to change. If they are offered all the time, they're not really specials are they? I will likely go back to The Happy Rooster. It's an easy spot to hit when you're in the area.This is a neat little place at a great location but the bar tenders are the worst in the city. Their lack of attention to customers could only be matched by complete ignorance. 
Food looks good and I can't comment on wait staff.Hidden gem ! Went for brunch on a Saturday  and had unbelievably good pancakes and the chicken cheese stake w Caramelized onions was out of this world . 
Place is tiny but very charming , mimosa was great , fresh OJ. 
A bit pricey , but taste def made up for it  , and perfect location to everything . Don't let the terrible exterior or logo outside fool you ... Very cute little frenchie vibe , and amazing food !!!Food was pretty good,especially the buffalo shrimp.However,the waitress had major attitude,perhaps because we asked to simply fix the wobbly table,and didn't want to sit next to a smokers table.For this reason,stay away,there are better places with nicer staff.THIS PLACE IS A RESTAURANT NOT A BAR...... My girlfriend and I had recently read a review of the food at the Happy Rooster and decided to give it a go.  We walked in and were seated right away in a booth by the window... this became a problem as i tried to lean back because there was no back to the booth and I almost fell out of the window.  On a lighter note, we each ordered a drink and some food and relaxed in the quaint, slightly dark atmosphere of the bar.  The music playing in the background was perfect for the mood.  I recently had a discussion about how I had never had grits before and when I saw shrimp and grits on the menu I had to give into my temptation.  SO GLAD I DID, the prawns were cooked perfectly over a bed of cheddar cheese and bacon grits that had me thinking about seconds.  For my first shrimp and grits experience this was a great one.  My gf had the pan seared Atlantic salmon which was a large portion over what seemed to be creamed corn.  I think this was the tastiest part of both dishes.  Needless to say I would go back for the food even though it may have been slightly overpriced for a bar.  I highly recommend both dishes.  Check it out and ask for a booth with two backs.Overall enjoyed our lunch on Saturday afternoon. Since it was pretty warm for November, we took advantage of sitting outside one last time for the season. We had been here for drinks before, but never to eat. I ordered the turkey club which was good, however my fries that came with it were not hot or even warm. My boyfriend enjoyed his open-face filet sandwich, the meat was so tender and delicious. The beer selection is decent with the local options, however it seemed like everything we ordered came in bottles? I'm not sure if this is how it always is that I maybe didn't notice when we were there for drinks previously, but just something to make a note of. Our waitress was hasty and abrupt which knocked one star off of my review. She didn't check back on us after our meals were brought out, and she overflowed one of our beers and never bothered to bring an extra napkin or clean up the mess on our table that she caused. Like I said, overall this was a pretty good spot and I think we'd go back again to sit in the back bar for a meal and just hope we get a different server.My girlfriend and I spent a day trip in Philly and noticed locals flocked to this place around 3:30 on a Sunday so we stopped in for drinks. I grabbed my usual Lager and she tried the jalapeño margarita. The bartender was super welcoming and made us feel right at home. 
He asked my gf how spicy she'd like her jalapeño margarita and she wanted a small kick. When finished, the bartender bestowed a perfectly "seasoned" margarita with just the right punch of heat. She loved it. We inquired about the Orange Crush made with real oranges and after a "mistake" with another customers cocktail we had a chance to try it! Sales tactic or not, my gf ordered one immediately! The fresh oranges really added character to the drink. 
I'm sure we will be back, next to time for food! Margaritas were on the higher side price wise $11-$13  but you get what you pay for!From what I understand, this place is an institution.  At one point in time, this was THE (emphasis on the word THE) place to go to.  And it was said it's because people on the street can't see in through the windows, so you had your privacy when eating/drinking/schmoozing.
That being said, I will admit, for the first time in a public forum, that being a resident of the Philadelphia-area for almost 10 years, I have never had a Philly cheesesteak.  Never been to Pat's, never been to Geno's, never been anywhere else to try this Philadelphia staple food.  I've never had an interest.  Oh, I know all about them, but a cheesesteak doesn't sound too appetizing to me.  That was until I saw the CHICKEN cheesesteak on the menu here at the Happy Rooster.
Okay, okay you can stop booing me now for turning my back on the steak cheesesteak, not everyone is going to like everything, and I know I've never even TRIED one before, but the meat looks gross.  That's just me and my opinion and I'm sticking to it.  This may change at some point in time, but for now, no thanks.
Getting back to my chicken cheesesteak lunch.  The chicken was soft, not overcooked, the cheese was melty, gooey good. But what did it for me were the onions.  This place knows how to caramelize an onion.  They weren't burnt, they weren't too soft, they were perfect.  And there weren't too many of them on the sandwich to overwhelm the other flavors.
The presentation was nice, the fries were crunchy and it made for a good lunch.
It was kitschy and whimsical and a place that I would stop by again and try something else off of their menu.  Maybe if they added a beef cheesesteak...What an interesting spot. You can meet all sorts of people here. We've seen mayor Nutter doing karaoke, or just a bunch of drunks hanging out. Every night is different there.Great local pub! Small, inviting, friendly staff. Thanks to Desirée, Jocelyn, and Seth on the bar -- and Leo the chef and everyone else in the kitchen -- this was our meetup spot / base pub on an extended stay in Philly. Fun cocktails for happy hour and really good food! Get the ribs or the lobster mac. It's a hidden gem for brunch. Go for the Andouille hash, stay for the Bloody Mary, or vice versa. Not noisy, trendy, need-to-be-seen scene -- regular folks, regular food, good times.I was pretty surprised by how much i enjoyed myself here. We had an early dinner there last night and while there was a good crowd, we were able to walk in and grab a nice booth with ease. We both ordered the lobster rolls and they were very delicious. The fries were so freaking food - I was tempted to order a side of them! The lobster rolls were a good portion, too. The service was attentive and pleasant - a great balance. Too often the wait staff is not overbearing and overly attentive but our waitress last night was really a doll. Next time we are in this part of Philly we will definitely stop by!My husband and I had dinner here the other night. We have been here a few times for drinks, but not for food. We were missing out! 
I had a grilled Romaine salad with chickpeas to start and it was pretty awesome. Followed by the roasted chicken. The chicken was seasoned really well, but the mashed potatoes were phenomenal. 
My husband had a burger, and it looked really good. His fries were delicious too, and appeared to be homemade. 
I'm a fan, and I'll definitely be back again to try their disco fries!I hosted a party here last weekend and everything was great! My first location canceled on me and Debbie, the owner, was super helpful planning the party last minute! The back bar was a perfect location for our party and the food was great too! If you're looking for a spot to host a party, I would definitely recommend the Happy Rooster!Met some friends here to start off some day drinking.  Bar was pretty full (pre St. Patty's Day drinking was in full effect) but we were able to snag a few chairs at the bar with a little rearranging.  Service was good. Did not order food this time but I've had their buffalo shrimp and its pretty solid. A nice stop along the way if you're traipsing throughout the city.Love this place. Relaxed atmosphere. Hilarious bartender named Shane who makes the best margaritasExcellent food. We loved the friendly neighborhood atmosphere and were thrilled when the food came and it was excellent.  We had the lobster roll and scallops followed by creme brûlée.    Highly recommend.Happy Rooster seems like a solid bar with a laid back easygoing vibe.  We went to another bar first, but it was crowded, so we ended up here.  I appreciate that Happy Rooster wasn't too loud or too busy.  Vodka shots seemed really expensive though.  Might be better to stick with beer.Recently went here for lunch with my boss and the turkey club was delicious! The Happy Rooster has a great staff and unique appetizer specials and entrees. 
I highly recommend it if you want to check out a Philadelphia staple bar. This is one not to be missed.We had a wonderful, cozy, staff party in the Happy Rooster's back room on a Friday in December 2010. The food was great, the owner was easy to work with, and the staff was flexible and responsive. Pricing was a huge concern for us, and we got "niiiiice" for the price of "nice." =)
As a bonus, Chef Jason helped us focus the menu (passed appetizers only) before the party and really delivered the night of the event.  Very tasty food. Do not pass on the lobster roll, candied bacon, or Gruyere Puff. (To. Die. For.)
Tip: This place has changed owners a couple of times recently, so look at the most recent reviews as a true representation of what's going on there now!Came for an after work drink / bite with the GF and a co-worker.
The baked bree was pretty good but I think the guacamole was cut with excessive sour cream or something.  
We each ordered the Rooster burger at different temperatures.  All three came out well done, dry, and unappealing.  The fries were ok.
The waitress seemed annoyed the whole night; she was short with us and had a very rude interaction with the table next to ours.
Other then the waitress, it's probably a fine place to drink, but I don't think Ill eat here again.Four stars is kind of a guess. My friends and I have been here a few times, and every time we have one thing we do: We buy a round of car bombs, sit right near the door, slug them down, and slosh out the door.
I really have nothing else to say. They make a good car bomb?If your looking for a restaurant with a bunch of pictures of roosters. You have found the place.If you don't understand The Happy Rooster for what it is then you probably wouldn't enjoy it. It's a tiny martini bar before they became cool. It's like an early  Playboy magazine idea of where executives and lawyers, at the very end of their careers,  would go to have a scotch-the-rocks or two or three before catching the R-5 home. Take your secretary here for lunch for her birthday if she is a little too New Jersey for the Union League. If you have gobs of inherited money and a pile in Haverford, do you really care how much the appetizers cost? Superb place to get quietly smashed afer work. Just don't forget your briefcase on the way out. And the sidewalk on 16th st is really narrow- especially after a few stiff ones.Not a bad place. Its good for a drink in an average bar type atmosphere. I would give this 3/5 for sure.I was here with a large group Saturday night for a bday party. There was a nice bar in the back that we were able to spread out in. And the bartender was very nice and attentive. Only issue I have is $5 for Miller Lite and other cheap beers. I thought that is a little much but it probably has to do with the location. I didn't have any food there. I wouldn't exactly call it a dive. Plus, if I am at a true dive, I don't expect Miller Lite to be $5 and $10-$11 for mixed drinks.Stumbled into this tiny, perfectly dark and cozy bar on my first visit to Philly. My boyfriend and I had just tried to get into Monk's, settled for Warsaw, and needed a friendly drink (or seven) before facing the hotel bar.  The Happy Rooster hit the spot. We quickly found ourselves chatting with a local fella who good-naturedly told us that our town (Boston) sucks, and that Matt Damon ruined us. "How do you like 'dem apples?"
Also, I would like to personally thank AND admonish the wisecracking bartender for keeping a fresh beer in front of each of us at all times. Hungover Rooster, perhaps?The food was awesome! I ordered the roasted vegetables & the goat cheese gnocchi. The veggies tasted fantastic and the cream it came was was wonderful. My fiancé ordered the lobster chowder (was was more of a lobster bisque) and the scallops. He liked the soup a lot. Afterwards, we shared the goat cheese cheesecake which is a small but very thick cheesecake-like dessert served with a melted marshmallow, cookie bits, and a bit of fruit preserve. 
My only comment is that it's pretty damned expensive. $10 for a roasted vegetable plate that had 1/2 a beet & 4 small carrots with a cream sauce? That is seriously pushing it. The scallops appetizer literally was 2 scallops. I know it's an appetizer but damn, 2?
That being said, we don't come here often and it was a nice treat! The waitress was pretty nice as well.Fantastic unassuming spot in the heart of downtown. Highly recommend this spot for lunch, dinner, or if you're just in the mood for some bar bites . Chef Lor prepares some phenomenal Matzah Ball Soup, Tuna Tartare, homemade charcuterie and pickles. If you're in the mood for some eclectic pub food, and a good drink, this is the spot for you. Service was fantastic as well. Thank you to Kayla and all the staff. We will definitely be back.The food here is fab with the new chef. We've been coming here for a few yrs and food is betterthan ever.just had the beet salad. Yummy. Then the duck breast and it was perfect. I love happy rooster!Lunch; roast beef sandwich and a chicken salad.  Did not eat the chicken salad....too dark, looked and tasted old.  Roast beef poor to fair, I've had better frozen Banquet roast beef.  French descriptions do not improve quality.  It's been twenty years since I used to frequent this place.  I suppose nothing stays the same.  Dusty wall hangings, dirty floor.  What once was quaint is now just nasty.This is a cozy bar located at 16th and Sansom right across the street from Marathon restaurant. The atmosphere is a mix of a dive bar/classy bar if you can picture that. The crowd in here is usually the after-work business type. The food offerings here are pretty inventive and good for the size of the place with daily specials. The "Back Bar" is a smaller bar located at the back of the main section that you can access by going all the way to the back of the main area or you can go through the side door outside. The drinks are very good and affordably priced. The candle-lit tables at a nice ambience to the seating areas and there is also a few outdoor tables located on both the Sansom street side and 16th street side. It is fairly lively even later at night. There is usually karaoke on Thursday nights in the back bar for free that is surprisingly a lot of fun and I would recommend it highly.A friend and I stopped in here for a quick drink in between wandering the city.  The staff was friendly, and the bloody mary with smirnoff was pretty good too.  It should have been for 9.90.  I'm not sure, but I'm ALMOST sure that I've never paid that much for a bloody mary.  I probably won't again.
I can't speak for the food because I only had my meal in a cup.
The day I went here it was super cold outside, and due to the fact that the front door doesn't close properly, most of the patrons were dining with their jackets on.  
I don't know.. when it's cold out and I want to stop in somewhere for ANYTHING, I want it to be warm, not 4 degrees warmER than the arctic air blowing around outside.
Thanks for the memories, Happy Rooster.Been awhile since I've been here. Was eating at Joe's next door. Back in the 90s u could slip into this place maybe pick up a chick. Kinda right wing conservative types most of the guys but there were a picking of cool chickas occasionally. Next to my parking lot so good last hit b4 leaving downtown...Surprisingly good brunch! I came here to grab a bite to eat after the Philly marathon and fell in love with all of their brunch options. I've been back a few times since and every time has been a pleasure. For lunch, I highly recommend their shrimp and grits if you're feeling very hungry - they do not skimp on portions here. The only downside - no bottomless bloody Mary or mimosa option. That would earn The Happy Rooster five stars in my book!I always enjoy my visits to HR. They offered a great choice of vegetable options on my last visit and I enjoyed them all. I left feeling comfortably full and guilt-free. Shane the bartender is w true gentleman and was very helpful. I enjoyed the atmosphere of the back room which is also wheelchair accessible.The first word that comes to mind to describe this place is 
OVERPRICED!
I stopped in here on a Fri night with some friends to grab a bite and some beers. As I browsed the extremely disappointing beer list, the first thing that caught my eye was that they were charging $5.50 for a Budweiser and $6-$7 for everything else! I had to look around for a moment to confirm that I wasn't in a swankier place. I expect to see those prices at places like Morimoto or Amada but at the Happy Rooster??? Come on.
After sitting at a table in the back room for awhile with no sign of any attempt to offer us service, I finally went up to the bar and ordered a 6 dollar bottle of beer and the gnocchi with braised oxtail. When the gnocchi came out I was extremely disappointed yet again. The portion size was very small, even for the appetizer size that I ordered. My friend ordered an entree size of pasta and his portion was pretty damn small, too. For the whopping $17 that he paid, it should have been twice the size.
I will give credit where credit is due....
The gnocchi with braised oxtail, raisins and pine nuts was delicious. Also, there was a guy who seemed to be the manager or owner that would check up on us every now and then. He was very friendly and tried to be accommodating.
I think if the Happy Rooster reinvented themselves as a real pub, something along the lines of a dive bar, with a better beer selection, pubfare menu, and more reasonable prices they could be quite successful. For now, they're just not cutting it. There are plenty of better bars in this city.Here's what I love about the Happy Rooster:  Despite its Rittenhouse locale, this establishment still maintains its 'everybody knows your name' essence. It was my first time there, but the rest of the patrons knew each other and, from what it seems have semblance of a little family.  
Drinks are drinks.  
Decor was fun.  I'm a sucker for spanish tile.Sort of divey inside but it's nice to sit outside and enjoy a cold beer on a sunny day. We came here to drink w few beers before dinner.
I like pale ale so I got the Philly yards Pale Ale
Service is good, I'd come back here again.I finally had an opportunity to write a review of this wonderful bar/restaurant. This is my third trip to Philadelphia and my second trip to The Happy Rooster. I think the service is pleasant enough. I didn't have to wait too long . But let me start withe the chicken soup. Order it. I know the Ritz crackers they serve might not be fancy but the diner style chicken noodle soup hits home. If you're visiting Philadelphia you'll want to order the soup just to get settled enough to order something much more fabulous. Believe me...you'll be ready. Try the house Chardonnay for a little more ease if you're unsettled by the chicken soup. Your world will open up with some house tunes from the 80s. David Bowie's China Girl played tonight and it was more than fabulous. Of course, at the writing of this review the Bee Gees started playing. So there's a little something for everybody. 
If you want to have a rich experience foe your palate try the blackened tuna. It comes with a buttery risotto that you'll love in combination with the radical capers that make the entire experience lively. 
I am a fan and am planning to make this a regular visit on every Philly trip from here to eternity. Wait, that sounds like a great title for something. Enjoy!This place was perfect for one of the first times I have ever gone to a bar for a beer by myself.  While waiting to go to dinner with some friends, I decided to bide some time by checking out Happy Rooster.  
Their beer list is good, however their happy hour deals are not the best.  Discounts on beer were delegated to blegh domestic beers, like Miller Lite.  Whereas I am certain that other happy hours in the area have great specials for local craft beers.  Nonetheless, I settled down with a Kenzinger and prepared to feel awkward.
After a non-creepy gentleman struck up a conversation with me, I realized that the lone beer drinking experience isn't so bad as long as the bar is semi-divey and there is at least ONE other lone drinker available for conversation.
Before I knew it, I had finished my beer and was on my way.
Done and done.Absurdly overpriced and unfortunately rude service. This may be the first yelp review I've ever written. I'm more than accepting with service mediocrity, I've been in the restaurant and bar industry for 10+ years. Unfortunately Happy Rooster you and your $8 Draft yuenglings served by rude bartenders will have to party on without me. I honestly can't reiterate how rare it is for me to leave a yelp review for this sort of thing. I'm assuming this bar stays open on tourist's dime, if you see this don't bother!The BLT pita is a winner.  For those that want a lunch that is high in bacon content and low in bread content, there's your menu item.  That's selection has done me right on three different visits.FINALLY CAME HERE! I've been itching to come to the Rooster for a YEAR. My co-workers finally indulged me (insert super big smile here) and I'm glad we did. Decent pours, but a little overpriced for what it was. The food smelled unreal, but we didn't have time to dabble.
The Happy Hour specials looked awesome (in terms of food) - PEI Mussels, duck breast. Yum!
I'll definitely come back for another cocktail and to try their grub.
Bartenders were cool but the wait staff looked like they were LA models who haven't eaten in weeks. No smile, no personality.The drinks are good but the food... Phenomenal! We sat at bar with bartender Desiree. Awesome bartender, kept us there enjoying ourselves. The chicken cheesesteak is delicious!!!!!!! The fries are to die for! We also shared the lobster roll and being from Maine, I was skeptical but when Desiree mentioned the owners visit Maine frequently I figured we should give it a shot - it was awesome!Stopped in for dinner last week.  The place is a lot smaller than I thought it would be but we found a table in the back bar area to eat.  The ambiance is a lot cooler in the main room I would say but the back area was still ok. 
I ordered the lamb gyro and it turned out to be a delicious meal.  The meat was fresh, tzaziki was good, and overall the dish hit the spot.  
This place looks like a cool place to get a drink since it has a little bit of a speakeasy/dive feel to it, but I would recommend trying the food.  Next time I will try the chicken pot pie special which sounded delicious.it's small and dark and the chairs are thick leather so you'll feel important.
my dad always told me that it's the kind of place that a man would take his mistress, and as i'm typing this, i'm wondering why he thought that.
shit.Seth the bartender is awesome! Love that guy! Any guy who can make a good drink while singing every song on the playlist is amazing!!! Love this spot. Cozy & chill on a Thursday night with good friends!!!!Really great food and great service.  The portions are not gigantic but the taste is wonderful.We came here on a whim for lunch today because the Oyster House down the street was supposedly having special lobster rolls for $15 but they ran out after less than an hour so we missed it.  By seemingly happy coincidence, the Happy Rooster was just steps away and also advertised a lobster roll for about the same price as one normally runs at Oyster House ($23 at Happy Rooster vs $26).
My dining companions had their hopes way up for a summery lobster roll so they decided to order some here even though it 's a pretty steep price for a lunch sandwich.  I settled on the veggie burger for lack of other options not containing cheese as an integral ingredient or too pricey to justify for a weekday lunch.  It of course arrived with the cheese I had asked them to omit, so they whisked it away and brought out a new one very quickly - my guess is they scraped off the caramelized onions and cheese and just added new onions.  No biggie, I'm not a vegan just a lactard.  It was edible, but not exactly yummy.  The outside of the patty had a nice crust but inside was very mushy but the flavor was tolerable.  The brioche bun is was served on was texturally appropriate but the whole combination felt like a mouthful of bready mush.  The fries were OK, definitely frozen.
But oh, that lobster roll made me so sad.  I'm from Maine, born and raised, and let me tell you I've had a whole lot of lobster rolls in my day.  Up there you can get them at roadside shacks for $10 and they put this one to shame.  The lobster chunks, while plentiful enough to sort of justify the price tag, were much too large.  There was way too much mayo and not enough salt.  I like my lobster rolls made with a dash of celery salt which would have helped overcome the overabundance of mayo.  Save yourself the disappointment and $23, don't bother with this item.
In fact, probably don't bother with this place at all.  The menu was limited, lacked imaginative or appealing options, and was surprisingly expensive for the dive-bar atmosphere.  If you really must try for yourself, please watch your knees when sliding into a booth- I have a knot the size of an egg on my knee where I bashed it on the table support that takes up entirely too much real estate under the table.Was here on a saturday night, and the place had a great crowd and atmosphere. The selection is nothing special, but if you're looking for a good corner bar to have a few drinks I'd highly recommend it.Lunch at the Happy Rooster was a total bust. The bread and butter were great, but it all went downhill from there. The server brought out our entrees and accidentally dropped one diner's fries and ketchup. She didn't see that the ketchup had splattered all over the booth, so it got all over one of my co-worker's suit pants. She seemed perturbed rather than apologetic. The kitchen forgot the chicken on my co-worker's puny salad (same poor guy with ketchup on his pants), which was then brought out on the house (nice gesture). The chicken looked awful. It was greyish in color and he said it had a horrible, gummy texture. The lobster roll was good with a generous amount of lobster (very good quality, too), but it was SMALL at $23.Went here for brunch today.  Delicious.  We had the eggs & hash, the Ruben special, fries, and cheese grits....they were all really good.  But I have to say, their Bloody Mary's are insanely good!...they use bacon jalapeño infused vodka...mmmmm.  Check out pick.I've been to the Happy Rooster a handful of times. Always had a pretty positive experience. But needed to give a warning: don't order an old fashioned. Apparently making this drink is beneath the older, male, blonde bartender in the back room. He will tell the other people sitting at the bar that this is the "douchiest drink you can order."
No sir. I could have ordered:
Sex on the Beach
A Grasshopper
A Virgin Cosmopolitan
A Citywide Special, hold the shot
"This lemon thing I got in New York. Do you know what I'm talking about? *giggle*"
Kamikaze shot
Fuzzy Nipple
People who order those drinks are assholes. We should stand united against them. Don't get pissy about an old fashioned.
It wasn't out of line. We still left a tip, cause people have bad days and shouldn't miss rent because of that, but I hope that attitude isn't a regular thing. I've brought family and friends here before including this time and probably won't again.Holy crap what a delightful surprise!
I've walked past this place for ages and never stopped in til now, but I'm so glad I did. 
A regular actually spun around from his corner seat at the bar to say 'hi' as we walked in as we peered down the bar to see if there were open seats or a booth, he pointed us to the end of the room for the last open booth and told us to take a seat and that our waitress would be with us shortly... before turning around and telling the bartender that he should work there. We walked towards our table listening to them all share a laugh and knew immediately that we'd enjoy the place. 
We were a bit shocked at how quirky and fun the space itself felt, with great lighting, a perfect noise level that was intimate but still lively and and how despite its location, that it was an awesome mixed crowd of all ages and types of people. We liked mulling over the interesting menu options and we could't have loved our waitress more. Attentive, fun, knowledgeable about the menu and great for conversation without being imposing. Perfection!  
The Lobster Mac n' Cheese was to die for and a nibble of my friend's lamb gyro was also great too. A bit quirky that they don't have beer on tap and do bottles only when their bar looks so robust at first glance, but we were able to get a solid bottle of a 2013 Conquista Malbec for $38, so we were more than happy. This will definitely be added into the rotation of places to go in this neck of the woods.Good fries, large portion. Decent priced happy hour, $3 for basic lagers and $6 for wine. After that, nothing good to say.
We dealt with the Irish bartender Shane. Over eager in the beginning to serve us glass after glass of wine while flirting ridiculously with the drunk woman on my right. After clearly over serving her, she starts talking to my friend and I and it was OK, whatever. Shane continued to provide more and more drinks and our bill racked up. He then proceeds to kick us out of this bar because we are being too loud- we were given no warning and we had already been there for a while talking so it felt out of place. He indicated that it was another couple at the bar that wanted us gone, and the over served woman proceeds to have an argument with her. Way to go Shane! I am a professional young woman and I have never been so embarrassed in my life. I will NEVER go there again, what a rude bartender. I can over pay at any other bar on that block and at least I won't be insulted.Ooh, the booths. Ooh, the bartender with the Irish accent. This place is so cozy. I remarked to my husband last night, "This would've been an awesome place to come during Snowpaclypse." 5 bones for a Miller Lite bottle is a little steep, but it is Center City. The fries smelled awesome and the guys in the booth behind us were very happy with their wings! Not right for a first date, but right for a cozy night with friends, family, or significant other!Cheap beer, dark and divey bar. Just what we were looking for...just wish the outdoor seating wasn't all taken. Semi friendly sarcastic bartender. karaoke in a connected room and loud music.Having a meal with a chef is a totally different experience than dining with a regular person who just likes to eat (I fall into the latter category. I like to eat. A lot.). The menu looked great, and I instantly liked the cozy, dark  atmosphere. We decided to share a bunch of things, and started out with the Chowder (needed butter and more seasoning) and Calamari (DELISH!). Everything was going just fine. My friend was enjoying the food and a few Anchor Steams, and I was hoping he was distracted and not paying attention while I scarfed down the squid. And then our entrees came out.
We ordered the crabcake and a Caesar Salad to share, but when the salad appeared, my friend was not pleased. In his exact words (which he said to the super patient and friendly waitress): "The lettuce looked like it just walked here from China." He was not exaggerating. The salad was quickly returned to the kitchen - the service here was awesome. I'd come back just for that alone!
The Happy Rooster is a nice place for a long lunch with a pal, especially on a rainy, chilly day. I'll be back (and I'll be trying out the sardines).I came here on a Thursday night, having met the owner, Norris, and some friends.  This place is great in terms of personality, food, and service.
Nadia, the bartender was friendly and efficient and welcoming to everyone.  Unlike most pubs, they take their wine seriously here, (there are some good reds on the menu),  so serious wine lovers will be happy.
The front bar feels like a combination of dive bar/gastro-pub meets classic French and English dining.  The back room has more light and space and feels airier.  Like the decor, the crowd is eclectic, a combination of regulars, locals, professionals, and out of towners.  Definitely, a comfortable, high-end kind of feel.
Highly recommend for the drink, crowd, and ambience.Not my favorite, it is divey inside which is nice but at peak times it can get really crowded. Come on down for karaoke night and you might meet a few interesting people. I have noticed that the beer selection is quite lacking for a pub. Its mostly hard liquors. I make a round here a few times a month when I am out and it fits my needs. I havent tried to food either.I enjoyed this bar quite a bit. It had a mature/friendly crowd and mattered to engage in a conversation within minutes from walking in the door. They do not do any draft beers though but they do have a pretty good selection for the most part.Although Shane has blocked me on Facebook. I think he doesn't like old people. I can still recommend having a cocktail here. It is where the elite meet and most of the bartenders are very nice. The wait staff is very accommodating. Go and have a good drink!I have been here many times and have always loved it.  The bartenders are friendly, tough as nails and no bs.  Love that.  They make a great dirty martini.  The food is delicious.  I love places like this.... a hidden treasure, corner bar, no frills, etc.  It may not be the prettiest from the outside but go in.  You'll be happy you did.Fun little dive bar! Ended up here after a Sips crawl.  It's a funky little bar on the corner that offers two bar areas and a pretty good drink selection.  I would go back!Came here for a quick drink with a group of friends late on a Saturday night and had no trouble finding some seats at/around the bar. Quickly served and the drinks were strong. Nothing special or outstanding, just a dive bar but somewhere I would like to go to again.
I'd also like to try the food here and once I do I will be sure to post an update.This is a nice, cozy little bar, and you really can't beat the service. When we walked in, my friend and I went to take the first two seats at the bar. The bartender stopped us and said she knew the girl who had been sitting there was expecting more people, and directed us to the other end of the bar. I thought it was very nice of her to remember that and guard those seats for that girl.
My friend is a fan of a very particular alcohol that shall not be named here, and when she found out they had a bottle of the coveted libation, she asked the bartender who was there at the time to hide the bottle for her. Not only did she hide it, she hid it so well we couldn't find it when she wasn't there. Now THAT is taking care of your customers! Such friendly, helpful bartenders really set The Happy Rooster apart for me.I definitely want to go back but I better not get that horrendous waitress Jocelyn/ Jacqueline.  I went here for drinks during the Rittenhouse row festival.  The place wasn't overly busy.  But that didn't mean I didn't have to sit outside waiting 30 minutes multiple times with and empty glass.  Even worse than the waitress being totally inattentive was the chip on her shoulder.  I guess she didn't want to work on a nice day.  We met the owner and she was great.  I had the lobster vegetable soup which was really good.  I am dying to go back for a lobster roll.  It sounds like they are done like in Maine (the right way).  I'll totally go back as long as I don't have Jocelyn as a server.I used to love this place.  What happened?!?!?  The fact that they have NO DRAFT BEERS really burns me up.  What the heck.  Also, the last time I visited, the waiter was pretty surly for no apparent reason.  If you don't like your job, it's not my fault.  Frankly, I would give this place one star, but the food there (fried pickles!) can be pretty decent.  And the bottled beers that they do have are decent.As far as I can tell, there are two places in Philadelphia to get a lobster roll: Oyster House, and here. For $3 more, head down the street and get the lobster roll at Oyster House. 
I came in with high hopes. The bartender was friendly, the vibe is chill. I was disappointed that the bar menu wasn't available during the afternoon because beer batter fried pickles sounded delicious. Alas. I ordered the lobster roll, which comes with a side of fries. There was a lovely, generous portion of lobster - but it was in HUGE chunks, and way too much for the small roll it was on. The mayo overwhelmed the flavor of the lobster. The fries were OK, but nothing particularly special. 
They might do other food better, and the menu had some other good-looking choices. It also seems like a nice spot to come for drinks with friends. I'd try it again, but not for the lobster roll!The guacamole here is amazing. Best I've had in the greater Philadelphia area. Came here for a quick drink while waiting for dinner reservations and it did not disappoint. Fast service and looks to have great food too (by a quick glance at their menu). I'll be coming back again soon for dinner I'm sure!Great Sunday special menu. The Jalapeño Cheese Fries were incredible!!! Bloody Mary had some special mix kept in a mason jar. Very good but a little different. Good experience overall.The inside of the Happy Rooster bore no resemblance to what I have imagined all these years it would be from its outside.  The exterior is dark and divey, the image of the decorative rooster has faded with time and pollution.  The interior is borderline swanky.  The bar is old, wooden and very shiny with a serious selection of single malt scotch and other upmarket liquors.  The booths are also old, wooden things that appear substantial and comfy.  
Our bartender was really good--very comfortable behind the bar and with the customers.  The informed us that she was responsible for the decorations on the inside (my favorite of which were these blue, slowly pulsing star-shaped lights that made the place look like a winter wonderland).  The odd thing was that none of the beers or wines were written down and she had to list them from memory, which sucked because if you missed something, she had to go through the whole thing again.  There is no draught system but they have some decent bottles at reasonable prices.  Unfortunately, I didn't get the chance to order from the food menu but it looked really interesting.  I will definitely be going back.Even after reading negative reviews we stopped in for Happy Hour. Kayla couldn't have been more pleasant, efficient and accommodating. The Cabernet house wine was very good, the selected beer a little strong, but that's a matter of taste. We ordered buffalo shrimp, oyster turkey sliders and fish tacos. All were yummy and so filling it served as dinner for two. Great choice.I was invited here for lunch and I was not a fan.  The prices were so high.  I figured if they were cocky enough (ha ha, get it?) to ask $16 for a turkey club, then maybe they would deliver the best lunch around.  
Not the case.  I ordered the chicken pot pie and it was a flaky crust laid on top of a salty filling.  Worst was, we were sat in the back and so the drinks were not quickly refreshed.  It made for an unpleasant situation.
Service was lacking.  Decor was lacking.  Salt was not lacking.  Never again.Unimpressive as a bar/restaurant, but worthy of four stars in my book for the high-quality karaoke!
The place attracts a group of karaoke regulars who are an impressive bunch, specializing in various genres.
Personally tho, were it not for the karaoke I see no reason whatsoever to go there as it's utterly unremarkable in any other respect.The menu at Happy is imaginative and the food is beautifully conceived and prepared  with care. The chef has a great palate and a way with complex flavors. The service was great and everyone in our large party was very happy with a diverse range of plates. I highly recommend this restaurant.The Rooster has redeemed itself by returning the City's best chicken cheesesteak to its menu!   Nothing better than lunching at the Rooster's bar with a friend while lingering over a chicken cheesesteak and hand-cut fries.  Note the sandwich is juicy and large enough for two meals.Thursday night Karaoke is the best!! My friend and I went a while back and sang our hearts out! My friend, an Israeli American with a thick accent, sang "Pass The Dutch" and knew all of the words. It was hilarious. I sang "The Great Beyond" and made everyone sad. Then some up paced songs were next. All and all, it was a great night! Of course we staggered home after the many drinks we had consumed! He thinks they should change the name to "The Gay Cock". What do you think?Agreeably douchey. The beefy suits and the brunette barbies karaokeing to Major Lazer somehow win you over. At least if you're sitting outside...Had some time to kill between restaurant week dinner and my train, so myself + a friend  stopped here for a drink. Seemed like a decent neighborhood bar with friendly patrons.  I'll be back and will hopefully be able to spend more time here next time.Happy Rooster has a dark, rustic French atmosphere on the inside.  It's pretty small and cramped.  Three friends and I went  there one Friday evening for a few drinks and to check it out.  Sad to say, it wasn't a good time.
First, the booth where we sat was so small that I had to sit with my legs out in the aisle.  The beer only comes in bottles, and the selection is fairly limited for such a great beer city as Philadelphia.  We ordered the fries, and they were pretty bad for the price.  They're the same kind that you buy from the supermarket for $1.00 for a 32oz. bag.    The beer was also overpriced.  And, to top off all of that, the wait staff was very arrogant and dismissive.  I didn't enjoy it at all.  It might be good for a date if you're looking for a dark, 'cozy' place.  If you're looking for a good place to hang out on a Friday evening, there are dozens better places in the city.A lovely little place right near city hall, Happy Rooster has a personality all it's own.  The food may be a tad bit pricey, but once I got my food, the sticker shock wore off.  There are happy hour prices on drinks (house wine $5, for example).  I had the plain burger, but at $13 it is the best hamburger I ever had in my entire life, perfectly seasoned and cooked, served on a doughy, slightly sweet bun.  A treasure I'll return to next time I'm in Philly.Wonderful experience!  Great food and nice & caring waitresses.  I had the pork-belly dish, and my boy friend had the shrimp dish.  They were great!  The shrimp was a bit salty side but still quite tasty.  I needed a bit more veggie for the pork-belly dish but no complaint about the pork itself.  Wine selection was nice, too!  We will definately go back.Our favorite meet up spot.  Decent food. Bartender can be in a "mood" at times. Strictly a 2 drink meet up spot for me.Food was decent but the service was HORRENDOUS!
My friend & I walked in for happy hour and we ordered two beers at the bar. We took a look around and noticed that there wasn't any seating at either of the bars so we took a chance and sat down at one of the tables. We figured if it was for only those who are eating dinner, then we'd be told that and we'd get up. We were approached by the waitress (I wish I knew her name) and at that moment, we decided to order an appetizer to munch on while we drank our beers. She points at our beers and says "for future reference, there is table service."  Before we could even utter an apology, she stormed away. After getting the menu, we decided to share a plate of guacamole. The waitress looked at us as if she was offended that we only ordered one small app.  After ordering, she never spoke to us, never followed up with us, pretty much ignored us for the entire time. We noticed that she would serve water to anyone who sat down, except for us. She would ask everyone else at the tables if they were ok, if they needed anything else, the usual stuff that a waiter/waitress would ask. We got nothing! She, then, proceeds to take our plate of guac away before we were even done!! I mean, c'mon!!!! We tried to get her attention so we could pay the bill and leave, but since she wasn't giving us the time of day, we went to the bar and asked the bartender. Our waitress was standing nearby so she looks at us and goes "I'll take that, it's my tab." My friend told her that we were trying to get her attention as she walked by us 10x but she wouldn't look at us. The waitress comes back to my friend and asks "what did you just say?" standing nose to nose with my friend.  I'm sorry, but I have NEVER been treated so terribly in my life. I worked in customer service, in the food industry at that, back in high school so I get that the job can be frustrating but you work for your tip and I'm not so sure what her issue was. I will never go back to this establishment!Probably the best lobster roll I've ever and the pork belly isn't bad either. I like dimly lit drinking establishments with that hole in the wall feel even though it isn't. A decent selection of beer, a satisfying selection of the hard stuff...chilled and laid back. A mature yet lively crowd...a perfect place to grab a drink after work and slowly fade into the evening.The food was decent, but the waitstaff is horrendous!!! This was by far the worst service I have ever received. My friends and I were treated so disrespectfully for literally no reason.  I will never be going back. Save your self the aggravation, and pick another spot to eat lunch.I've been to the Happy Rooster twice now. I enjoy the atmosphere. The food is good, a little salty and the menu a little limited. Portions are a good size. The booths feel like they're falling apart. It's ok. I'm neutral on it.Perfect location but brutal prices make this one a tough one.  Forget beers and just get a well-made drink.  I feel like this bar serves a certain demographic that I'm just not part of (yet).this place can get pretty cramped, not only because it's smaller but because it's  good place to get a drink.  beer menu is meh. more of an ambiance type of place.  haven't had their food (of what i can remember).We visited on a Saturday afternoon for lunch.   They only have a brunch menue at that time.  If you are not in the mood for eggs, they also have a limited list of lunch items.  I ordered the tuna burger and my husband ordered the regular burger listed on the menu.   Both were very tasty.  The fries were also very good.It was a good place, not anymore. I asked burger to be medium cooked, they brought it very very cooked like bitter meat, I told the waitresses she said "ok"(ok what?), bad bad customer service and food and pricey. I paid 18 bucks, $ 16 regular price and 2 bucks to add bacon and fried egg, better you go to Mcdonalds.Had an absolutely horrible date in this bar.  Service was good, cocktails and options were nice.  Will head back under better circumstances and better company in the future.My GF and I walked into the Happy Rooster completely on a whim for Sunday Brunch. what a surprising spot! First, it wasn't crowded, which was delightful to a seasoned Sunday Bruncher. The bar area is covered in ecletic knick-knacks and stained glass. Their menu, at first, also seemed eclectic, but on perusing further it made a lot of sense. I had the chorizo hash with 2 eggs sunny side up--good, but a little greasy. It would make EXCELLENT hangover food. My GF had the marinated skirt steak with potatoes and eggs and it was SO GOOD. I also had a Bloody Mary, which was pretty good--on the strong side and with a lot of horseradish.
The bathrooms are pretty nifty too. GO! to the Happy Rooster.This is the bar your favorite bar aspires to be....good stiff drinks.  Good music (classic rock and blues).  The staff is friendly and Dan the bartender is the man!!  Get the maple bacon wings...wings and bacon can you beat that!!Horrible! $9 drinks? Karaoke guy is an a$$hole!  We were the first two people there. After I sang, we left after an hour of waiting for my friend's turn. Meanwhile he sang four songs, played a couple of songs, and put people who came in later before my friend. When questioned, he said "Oh I don't have that one". Huh? It's in the book and very common. Then when we switched songs, he still had her at the back of the line. Weird crowd of 1982 yuppies. The single greatest disappointment ever!Happy is putting it mildly!  Enjoyed the best brunch ever in Philly this morning thanks to new, super creative chef, Lor Kats, whose pork belly meets egg breakfast surf and turf was too good to not finish despite the generous portion!  Our party of 9 sampled a good deal of the menu from homemade challah French toast to fluffy omelettes to a super creative fois gras scrapple and clearly Chef Lor has brought a new brand of deliciousness to this long-standing Philly favorite.  Should also mention the Bloody Mary is outstanding and the service top notch!A friend of mine introduced me to this cute french place when I was visiting a couple weeks ago, and I'm already looking forward to returning the next time I'm in town! Loved everything about the place; attentive and friendly service, delicious food, (root vegetable soup du jour!!!) and extensive beer selection. If you're looking for a cozy place to get good beer and inspired food the next time you're in Rittenhouse, this is the spot.Stopped in to grab a drink after a show...saw some stuff on Yelp and figured I'd check it out.  A little creepy at first, as we were the only customers in the place, but service was warm; beer selection was a little thin...Bass was the best on the menu.
About 10 minutes later, a bunch of regulars dropped in and the charm of the place came to light; people plopped down to watch TV together and chat...I couldn't tell who was an employee and who was a customer, as they swapped places behind the bar a few times.
Seems like a place that could easily be a 'local'...not my cup of tea though.Was headed to the Oyster House when I decided to read the menu strategically placed outside of the Happy Rooster. Hmmm...intriguing, so I made a detour to the dining area. Been to the Oyster House several times; Happy Rooster was a new find for me and I'm all about new experiences. The salad alone made it worth it...grilled baby Spanish octopus. Man, this salad was amongst the best I've had. The octopus wasn't fishy at all and was very tasty, meaty even accompanied by a champagne vinaigrette. Let's get to the entree. Decided to keep it simple and got the Happy Rooster burger. This was no ordinary burger. Grass fed beef(grass fed or corn fed didn't really matter to me) topped with 'bacon-onion jam', Cabot cheddar on a brioche roll. It's rare that I enjoy a burger 'condiment-less' (Yup! just made up a word), but I definitely did. The shrimp and grits were good too, but the grits were without sausage and the shrimp came head-on. Nice spot! Small, quaint, nice atmosphere, great service. I will be back. I almost forgot to mention this lil tidbit of knowledge I noticed on the chalkboard while dining at the Happy Rooster..."Time isn't wasted if your wasted all the time." Genius!Is it a gastropub or is it a dive bar? Is it neither or is it a poor combination of both? Does it not know what it wants to be, or does it aspire to mediocrity? 
Is The Happy Rooster the marginalized progeny of Monk's and Ray's Happy Birthday Bar? At times wanting to be both but also wanting to be neither? Wanting to be close to them but also hating them, right before it drops out of film school to work on a sustainable agriculture farm in New Zealand?
I have asked myself these questions before ever having entered The Happy Rooster. After having finally patronized the establishment, I still have no answers.
My two friends and I recently sat down at a booth. The bar was full but the tables were empty. The cheapest thing on the menu was an $8 bowl of soup, at which point we asked for a bar menu. Our waiter informed us that although there was a bar menu, he would only allow us to order from it if we ordered additional items off of the dinner menu. 
My friends each ordered a bar item and a dinner item. I ordered a bowl of wings which seemed to displease our waiter. When he came back with our food, he shoved my leg aside with his foot so that he could get closer to the table. I am in a leg brace and I currently get around on crutches which were in plain view. I was shocked, he could have just asked me to move my foot.
Gastropubs feature a curated selection of top shelf beer. Dives feature an appropriate selection of moderately priced beer. The Happy Rooster features a random selection of overpriced, predominantly marginal beers. 
If it's a gastropub, then why is the beer selection so lacking? And if it's a dive, then why are the food and beer so overpriced? How can there be separate menus for the bar and tables when the restaurant is only ten feet wide?
If it's not a gastropub, is The Happy Rooster a gastrodive? And even if it is, how do you fail at being a dive bar?stopped in here early this sunday afternoon when not much was open around the area....real friendly bartender...cool and cozy looking place.....food looked good coming out but I did not have a chance to eat here....had a yuengling bottle at $5, cider for I think $7 and a heiniken.....everything was fine but I think the beer prices r a little high.....but have said that I would definitely go backBrian at the bar fantastic and his old fashioned is awesome.   Food great and enjoyed my time there.  Fun small pub restaurant.My girlfriends and I went here to grab drinks while waiting for our hotel shuttle. The three bartenders that were there were super friendly and funny and the drinks were good and stiff. The ambience was my kind of bar: a little dark, with lots of wood and leather. We didn't eat but the bar menu was perfect: fried pickles, pickled eggs, etc. Only the essentials!I used to come here often a few years ago.  I eventually stopped because I had enough of the high prices and bad attitude. Mostly with the bad attitude.  A recent visit and a quick scan of the delightfully colorful adjectives used elsewhere in the reviews shows that unfortunately this is still the case.  I'm no stranger to no-nonsense spots where the help can come across as crass, but "devil woman" "waitress is miserable" and "pretentious" are all accurate representations here. As a matter of fact, if you notice, the only time the bartender is complimented is when it's the guy.  It's enough to ruin your night if you foolish enough to care.  Others have mentioned that this place has an identity complex, and I couldn't agree more.  It's divey in the wrong sense, and hoity-toity in the wrong sense.  It's the worst of both worlds. There are too many excellent places around here to give these guys a pass for this sort of behavior.  McGlinchey's by extreme contrast, also have bartenders that are known to be snarky and cliquish.  However once you get through that nasty, crusty exterior, you notice that it's quite a friendly spot.  Here it's the exact opposite.  Once you get through the polished looking exterior, confused fancy-pants food, and high prices,  you notice that it's actually rotten inside.this is one of my favorite places to eat and/or have a drink in center city. i'm a big steak-eater so I always order the steak frites or the filet, both of which are DELICIOUS. the food wait staff can be a little aloof, however the bartender is always nice and knowledgeable.The Rooster is a fun neighborhood bar with a decent beer selection, bottles only, and a full bar. We had their guacamole and split a burger and they were delicious. A couple of small TVs had game three on in the background. Not a sports bar.Until today, I'd only had drinks at the Rooster. Now I know why: the standard pub-type fare they serve is sort of overpriced. While I love the cozy, eclectic vibe, it seems sort of absurd to spend $20+ for lunch at a bar, and that's per person with no alcohol. The service is friendly if slightly inattentive (I had to wave the waitress over for a refill even though she was sitting five feet away facing my obviously empty glass, and we were the only patrons in the place). I have to give them props for actually delivering a medium rare burger to my table, since most places seem to think that when you say medium rare you really mean medium well. This is one of those places I'd come back to if someone I was with wanted to go, but I probably wouldn't go out of my way to eat there otherwise.Delicious food at reasonable prices. The grilled shrimp with grits was delish!  But the service! While the staff was uncommonly pleasant, they were often nowhere to be found. Easily remedied, it seems, and this would contribute an additional star.A friend dragged me here with the promise of the best calamari in the whole world.  She had been there a couple of months earlier and had just about died with delight upon tasting it.  
It's a tiny old place, and right after work on a Tuesday the bar was mostly full, but we had no trouble getting one of the handful of tables.  It happened to be Mardi Gras so they had some weird cocktail specials - I tried one and it was awesome.  They gave us some bread & butter to curb our hunger until the real food arrived - which took a bit longer than I thought it should have, but at least we had booze and bread.
You can guess what we started with.  Unfortunately, in the couple of months that had passed, a new chef had taken over and changed the recipe slightly, so while the calamari was still very good, it wasn't exactly what my friend was expecting.  I thought the calamari inside had the perfect consistency - not chewy, not squishy.  It was a little heavy on the breading, but I can deal with that.  The sauce, which I can only liken to the sweet chili sauce from Pei Wei, was an unusual but really great choice.  I guess they used to toss the calamari in this sauce - which supposedly makes it to die for.  The waitress actually asked us how we felt about the calamari, and when my friend started to explain how it used to be better, the waitress boisterously agreed with her and said she was going to make sure the chef knew that customers missed the old recipe.
We also split the burger.  It was very good, perfectly cooked (medium = pink), and very tasty, with awesome fries.  The best part was that they brought it all out on two plates - already split for us!  So nice of them to go that extra little step, and it made for a far prettier presentation than what would have happened had we tried to cut it with our butter knives.Excellent service with a smile and a bartender (with a really good voice!) who couldn't have been more helpful. My hubby and I dipped in during a rain storm and had more rounds than we "meant to" after we were greeted with great drink specials and excellent music too! Thanks for a dry pit stop with delicious drinks!Great dive/local bar. There is something about this place that makes me want to go back for more. 
Great local beers, yummy bar food, entertaining crowd,awesome bartenders.It's a great place to start off your  evening if you are going bar hopping.  I thought it was a gay bar at first since it's so close to gayborhood and by the name of it... IT SHOULD BE! Not a very posh place, so I don't understand why it's so overpriced.
The staff was pleasant though and it's a very nice, cozy restaurant pub.Hidden gem ! Went for brunch on a Saturday  and had unbelievably good pancakes and the chicken cheese stake w Caramelized onions was out of this world . 
Place is tiny but very charming , mimosa was great , fresh OJ. 
A bit pricey , but taste def made up for it  , and perfect location to everything . Don't let the terrible exterior or logo outside fool you ... Very cute little frenchie vibe , and amazing food !!!Stumbled upon the Happy Rooster during a weekend trip to Philly, and we were pleasantly surprised. Cozy atmosphere and dive bar vibe, although as another poster noted, the prices are probably too high to be a true dive bar. In the front room is a well-used bar and several booths. In the back room is another bar.  On the night we were there, both bars were comfortably full, with an interesting mix of patrons. As another poster mentioned, the hipster crowd was gloriously not represented!!! 
I ordered the lamb gyro, and my companion ordered the fish and chips. I have had many gyros in my life, and I can happily say this one ranked among the best.  The lamb was fresh and high quality, and the yogurt sauce was on point!  The pita was soft and fresh. Couldn't be better. The fish and chips was reported to be outstanding as well, as was the side salad, which I tried a bite of. The balsamic vinaigrette had a unique taste....flavorful and slightly salty....and really made the salad. 
The service was speedy despite being full, and the waitress was friendly and efficient. I would definitely return.The tots appetizer was super good! Place was mildly busy and comfortable. They could've pumped in more A/C. Friends had rooster burger, and chicken cheesesteak both of which they enjoyed. I had chicken milanese which was covered in corn and a bit of crab but over loaded with garlic. Can still taste it!
The place could be a lot cleaner. One booth had issues with stability. Anyone who sat there (behind me) would bounce around and annoy. Both the booth and table need to be repaired.
Another issue were knats and flies. Having worked in the industry, it's from lack of true cleanliness behind the bar. Floor Mats need to cleaned daily. Fruit and other garnishes cleaned and stored properly. All floors swept and cleaned daily.
Bathrooms were pretty rough. The doors barely close. Small and dirty. Needs attention.
Still all in all,  we enjoyed ourselves. Service was great and personableThis seems like a great local joint with a good mix of drafts and very good food from a limited menu. Avoid the back dining area is at all possible. It seems at times to be the loudest place on Earth. The service is a mixed bag, with respect to personalities, but it's been consistently efficient over the course of two nights.food was so badly prepared - slopped on a plate. burger was 1/3 the size of the bun. waitress didn't even bring a glass for expensive beers. and the booths are so low to the ground and so uncomfortable we couldn't get out of there fast enough.My friends and I dined here on the Saturday after Thanksgiving and the food and drink selection were absolutely great! We had shrimp and grits, chicken and waffles, truffle wings, chipped beef and gravy and mimosas! Everything was delicious and Jace (bartender) was the best! You have to visit the Happy Rooster when you're in downtown Philly.Pretty quick weekday lunchtime service, especially with only one individual serving the entire place--good thing it's not that big! Though we were the first table in, the place filled up quickly.
The Turkey Club was large and served on bread (seemed like a French Boule) that was quite evenly toasted and buttery. The turkey itself was a bit dry, but the avocado assisted, and the bacon was nicely crisped. Some of the fries were slightly limp, but overall they were well seasoned.
Fellow diners enjoyed the Spinach Salad and the Salmon Toast special, though the latter was quite messy to eat, as the toasted bread did not cut easily, even with the steak knife our server kindly provided.
Note: The banquette seat we were in was loose, so that it rocked see-saw style depending how the two occupants shifted.Ate here yesterday with some friends and it was delicious! I ordered the truffle chicken wings with a side of fries and really enjoyed it. My friends got the chicken cheese steak with caramelized onions and seemed very satisfied. I also really like the ambiance and the old decor--it was very cozy.The happy rooster is a hard to explain.  It looks like a dive bar but its not a dive bar.  Went in on a friday night and we was greeted by the hostess who told us we could sit at any open table.  We sat a table in the back bar.  Our server came quickly and got our drink orders.  The reason I say its not a dive bar is because dive bars doesn't have food this expensive.  I know it center city and all but out bill was close to 90 bucks.  But I gotta say the food was delicious.  I had the slow cooked pork shoulder and it was hot flavorful and it damn near fell apart because it was so tender I didn't even need a knife to cut it.  
My GF had the shrimp and grist and they were delicious as well.  
All in all The happy rooster is a dive-ish bar with great foodSo where do i start?
Great drinks, great apps, specials on fleek, servers were great and fun.
The atmosphere is very welcoming and warm. The rooster has a lot of history and isn't going anywhere. Never got to meet the owner but would've been an honor because the place is so well managed and maintained.
Would come back and make this place my regular go to spot for great affordable drinks and apps.Came here for dinner one night with friends and it did not disappoint. Drinks and food were good, mac and cheese was amazing. Service was good as well. It's also rumored to be heard that this is one of Bradley Cooper's favorite bars in the area; i was hoping to run into him while i was here. I'll definitely be back for when I'm in need for a casual night out with some good food and drinks.Stopped by for a beer. Nice bartender in a unique local pub downtown. Also has very clean bathrooms - Especially for downtown Philly!The Mac N Cheese is to die for! Great staff and a staple in the downtown Philly community.  The garlic truffle wings are pretty good, need a little more flavor though.Fun little spot with delicious food. Steep flight of stairs to reach the bathrooms makes this place unfriendly to those with mobility issues; otherwise, it's a casual, low-key keeper.I went here for a post work drink, at first I was slightly confused by the lay out because there is a bar and then the back bar and I wasn't completely sure if it was a bar or restaurant, the server was very nice and didn't make me feel foolish for not understanding the lay out, props to her she was super nice, her manager should give her props. Anyhow, the food is absolutely delicious, it's like actually well seasoned, the flavors are well picked out and paired in both the food and the cocktails and it's a cozy, warm environment that's good for either a larger crowd or just one's self, the interior decoration and lighting is atmospheric, will definitely find myself back here!The place struggles to identify itself.  It LOOKS like a dive bar from appearances, but their menu is actually quite upscale looking.  I went here for lunch.  The food isn't all typical pub fare - the presentation of the food is quite nice. 
But eating a little bit finer food in a divey looking place kind of takes away from the experience.  I had the lamb gyro which was good, but not out of this world spectacular. And on a weekday during lunchtime, pretty much every other lunch cart has gyros for less than $5.  $13 with fries wasn't outrageous, but like I said, based on appearances, i was expecting it to be a little cheaper. 
They did have chalkboard specials written in the corner, which we did not see until after we ordered.  We would've ordered something off that if the server had let us know there were specials.....
Because I'm a sucker for a burger, I'd come back to try their $16 burger. But that's about it.  Fries were good, so that's part of the reason on why I would return.I've fallen down the stairs to use the bathroom in this place more times that I care to admit. Including last night.   It's also super expensive for a shitty little hole in the wall place.   Which I guess is why there's an older crowd there.  
That said the people make it cool.   Staff is awesome and friendly.  It's become my regular karaoke haunt.Super comfortable neighborhood bar/bistro.  2 bars, cozy booths and lighting. Congenial service. Comfort food. I've been multiple times. I'd say decent but not great. Slightly overpriced. Service meh. It fits a niche, but I can't rave about anything (wish I could).UPDATE: Shane reached out to me directly and could not have been more genuine and apologetic. If that is how Happy Rooster staff respond to incidents and issues, I am so impressed. I will definitely be back. I might still order an old fashioned lol. Great team you've got here!
-----------------
I've been to the Happy Rooster a handful of times. Always had a pretty positive experience. But needed to give a warning: don't order an old fashioned. Apparently making this drink is beneath the older, male, blonde bartender in the back room. He will tell the other people sitting at the bar that this is the "douchiest drink you can order."
No sir. I could have ordered:
Sex on the Beach
A Grasshopper
A Virgin Cosmopolitan
A Citywide Special, hold the shot
"This lemon thing I got in New York. Do you know what I'm talking about? *giggle*"
Kamikaze shot
Fuzzy Nipple
People who order those drinks are assholes. We should stand united against them. Don't get pissy about an old fashioned.
It wasn't out of line. We still left a tip, cause people have bad days and shouldn't miss rent because of that, but I hope that attitude isn't a regular thing. I've brought family and friends here before including this time and probably won't again.My girlfriend and I come here almost every Tuesday just for our usual waitress - Mackenzie. She's super chill and down to earth, great service. We've never had an issue with the order or anything. The food is always great. I'd never thought I'd say it about salads in general, but their salads are amazing. Eggplant fries and calamari are  too. 
The place can get kind of loud due to the more usual regulars, but that doesn't impact the experience at all.Hate this place. The bartender ignored me for 5 minutes then mocked me when I ordered. I couldn't believe it. We sat at a table and he came over 3 separate times asking for the check. He wanted his tip. He sucks. In the words of Beyoncé....'boy bye'Excellent meal! Friend and I stopped here for lunch as we waited for our hotel to be ready for check in. We both got soup (cream of mushroom for me, lobster bisque for her) and chicken cheesesteaks. Soup had several different kinds of mushrooms, and the creamy base had a rich and excellent flavor. The bread was really good for the cheesesteak. I also loved that the chicken was chopped up so it felt like something different than a typical grilled chicken sandwich, and the banana peppers added a unique and interesting flavor. Finally, the fries were super crispy.I've always liked to stop here for a drink , good old fashioned corner bar. Lots of city working people in and out for a quick one. Doubt I'll be back. Bartender couldn't crack a smile. Obvious regular women at the bar spilling drinks and threatening you for turning around and looking.....Wasn't really feeling like the city of brotherly love last night ! Disappointment.Just to update, after we had dinner and drinks here, my husbands account was charged numerous times in different liqueur stores around Philly. We reported the fraud and luckily  our bank was on the ball. Watch your back.The bartender in the back room ( blonde hair ) so rude wouldn't even look at us for over 10 minutes. Was so engaged in her friends.  We left.The Happy Rooster is a great no frills spot for drinks and apps. I can't comment on dinner but every time I've been here the apps have been tasty!
All of the servers and bartenders are really nice! Deff recommend for a chill spot to grab a beer or a mixed drink.I walked in to meet with some friends and I went to the bar and ordered a beer. I asked him what drafts he had and he exhaled very annoyed and recited what beers were on draft. I ordered a beer and said "it's 7.50" immediately. I let him know that my friends were outside smoking a cigarette and would be in shortly and that he would be paying for it. He harassed my other friends about my beer and I continuously told him that my friend would be in to pay for my beer.  I had only been in there for five minutes and I was sitting at the bar -clearly not leaving without paying- before my friend came to pay for my drink; as he ignored me the entire time except to harass me about 7.50$. All throughout the night he was rude to me, made me feel bad about asking the prices about two different tequilas, ignored me and only paid attention to white people. I am Cambodian and my friend is black. I am very inclined to think he is racist. He kept asking who is paying for my drinks and I told him my friend and he told me "oh you're friend is paying for your drinks. Why do you care how much anything is? Can you afford anything?" He continued to take our checkbooks and yell at me and throw my beer away and kick me out because I left him change for being a terrible bartender. I am a bartender and I would never treat anyone with the disrespect he showed me and my friends. He ignored us and only payed attention to white people. I will never visit this establishment again and I will be sure to tell all my friends to never visit this establishment. This was Sunday night, white man medium long dirty blonde hair. His face was sour since the moment we walked in and he told me I was being difficult for asking the price of two different liquors. And he charged us extra and wouldn't tell me the correct price for anything. This man should not be employed at any customer service establishment, he will lose you business for being a racist, rude person. I advise anyone to never come to this restaurant again. You will not be treated fairly. He also told me I was embarrassing my friends when we are both bartenders and all work in restaurants and we felt that he was embarrassing himself by yelling at us and kicking us out because he received a bad tip. I would never yell and my customers and treat them with such disrespect due to the fact that they did not leave me a tip. The worst experience I have ever had at any establishment ever.