This Irish Pub is located on 2nd Street between Market and Chestnut. It was once the Money Exchange building. Beautiful high ornate decorated ceilings ~ wood stairs leading up to the balcony tables. Prices weren't bad! Fish and Chips for 3 of us and the hubster ordered Shepard's Pie. His words: "Rate this pie a 5!" 
Although the pie was a 5 the Fish and Chips didn't stack up to that rating. Fries were great ~ while the fish seemed a bit greasy and the coating kept falling off.Came here for a vegan dinner and I was totally impressed! Everything from the fancy toast to the amazing dessert was absolutely delicious! 
The vegan creme brûlée was hands down the most delicious item! Haven't had that for 18 years - since I've been vegan! 
What's crazy is that this is the type of place you wouldn't think had such TREMENDOUS and high quality vegan options! 
This was truly five star dining at three star prices! 
I can't wait to go back!!My friends will be surprised  to see me eating here at an Irish pub. But when it's restaurant  week and they're  serving vegan food, I gotta get involved. This was amazing. We had an artichoke  appetizer that was rich in garlic and sauce that was excellent over the slice of toast. The salad of fruit and greens (did the chef read my diary?) Was sweet and spicy  but not too much of either. Seiten steaks that tasted more steak than well any steak with a lovely just perfect steak sauce. Best of all for this veggie lover was the grilled potatoes,  sweet potaoes, and green beans slathered  in rosemary.For God's sake, if I order an eggs benedict poached that means the yolk should be runny.  My biggest breakfast pet peeve is when the eggs on a benny are overcooked, and P & S twisted that knife.  On another note, they make damn fine bloody marys (Cajun, Wasabi, and regular--oh yeah, that's how I roll).  Good atmosphere, and actually a good spot for late night drinks--lots of eye candy.I've only been here once, but I was so overwhelmed that it was enough to last me a lifetime.  
I went with a group of friends on a Saturday night, and it took 5-10 minutes just to get in the door.  Clearly, I expect bars to be crowded, but this was out of control.  The place is so huge, you'd think that people would be spread out and have room to breathe, but that is a terribly wrong assumption.
We managed to wriggle through the suffocating crowd, albeit very slowly, and headed upstairs hoping for a bit of a reprieve.  It didn't come.  
I had to practically wrestle my way to the bar, which was about 3 deep at the time.  When I finally got to the front of it, I had taken a few elbows to the head, and forgotten what half of my friends wanted to drink.  Then, the bartender proceeded to ignore me for, not exaggerating here, 15 minutes.  She just kept serving everyone around me, and just amazingly never managed to make eye contact with me.
Finally, thinking that I had either passed out or gotten lost, a friend came to rescue me.  Not even 30 seconds after he got to the bar, the bartender (who by this point I thought could be blind or at least lacking peripheral vision) came right over to take his order.
Now, I've heard once or twice about this phenomenon where females don't like other females, but come on!  How are you gonna just totally ignore a customer!?  Terrible!
I guess she thinks she just needs to work "the goods" for the guys, and fails to realize a chick here and there might need a drink.Best to go on chilly Sunday afternoon. Giant fireplace and occasional traditional Irish Music make this a cozy stop. Gets crowded with a party crowd late on the weekend if that's you thing.The Plough & Stars is such an institution!  It's a place where locals go, visitors repeat visit, and friends are made!  It's a great place for happy hour, brunch/lunch/dinner, and live music!  Late night it turns into a really fun place to dance (but not clubby) and magically transforms by morning for brunch!  Great for everyone (literally).  They have outside seating for warm days and a wonderful fireplace for those cold nights! Definitely worth visiting and re-visiting!!  
Highlights of The Plough: Outdoor seating, Fireplace, cozy atmosphere, drink selections, affordable, parking nearby, 
John Joe (trust me, you'll get to know John Joe), the HoJ (delicious any time of day!), friendly staff, friendly patrons, local spotSunday evening we  headed down to Spruce Street by the River. After about two minutes of crowds and kids knocking each other into people walking, these two old ladies were sorta done with it and decided we wanted something besides funnel cakes. I was really tempted to try Federal Donuts and Chicken, but it was so beautiful out we decided to walk over to Old City where we came upon TP&TS.  The music from the little Irish quartet enticed us in too. We sat at the bar and had Hoegartden draft and a gin & tonic. Cold fresh beer, good pour on gin and fresh tonic. Happy happy. So far. We were very hesitant about ordering food because no one was eating, and then I noticed Yelp didn't have many food reviews on the place - mostly just loving the beer and nice people that work there. But starving, we went easy and got buffalo chicken fingers, a burger and fries.  So my review is:  the food, even though it was just bar food, was outstanding. Probably the best chicken strips I've had. Crunchy, tender, good sauce. Burger was very good quality, and cooked just the way I like it - and asked for it - well done and dry. (I know. Sorry.)  Crispy fresh fries. Bartender was excellent, and the people in the bar were - even though slightly inebriated - a lot of fun. I'm still working on the name of the gentleman who picked up our tab - Donald...Donnell... charming Irishman (what else would you expect?) Great experience.  Struggled with giving this 4 stars instead of 5, because 5 stars is reserved for truly great places IMO. How about 4-1/2?I didn't know this place turned into a meat market after happy hour time or later in the night.  We went right after work and the crowd was a decent, a lot of working people in suits trying to get their drink on.  But I can see how it could get rowdy as the night goes on and that's my cue to move onto better pastures.  I don't mind noise but I don't have tolerance for obnoxious drunks which I have a feeling it's the kind of place it attracts.this place is as irish as i am. this place is 2 levels of pain on friday and sat nights- it gets crazy crowded like the end scene of crocodile dundee when mick walks across everyone's head. it seems to be really popular w/ the early twenty crowd during those nights. not a bad place to grab a drink during the week. never had the food-i've heard brunch is ok.I used to come here often with friends for drinks but lately it has kind of lost its way.  The last time I came here the downstairs was dirty and there was only one bartender, not a good setup for a busy night.  The plough still gets a good crowd, and they do have some good food if you are there early enough.  Its worth checking out simply because it's so close to a dozen other bars that you're not stranded there.Five stars for the vegan prix fixe menu. Amazing food, phenomenal service, and Chef Lenka came out to talk to us and gave us vegan creme brulee. VEGAN. CREME. BRULEE.
Twice a month on Thursdays is the vegan prix fixe chef's tasting menu. Four courses. Each better than the last. Bargain price of $35. I highly recommend this.
I've never been to The Plough & The Stars for any other reason or on any other night. From what I understand, like most joints in Old City, it's probably not my scene on the weekend. But it will definitely be part of our monthly rotation for our vegan girls nights.Huge bar. Lot more smokers than originally assumed and beer was good.Great atmosphere. We sat outside and really enjoyed it. 
Got the tenders and calamari, both were really good. I'd come back any weekend. Thought the sever was going to ignore us but actually was really attentive.It's a pretty big bar.  We had drinks by the fireplace at a table that was a little too low for comfort.  Staff were friendly.  We didn't stay long, but I'll be back.So, I stopped in here twice on Saturday late night. Once was to take a group potty break, and in the bathroom I heard girls raving about how the crowd seems really cool and all.
Then we came back, and I realized 2 things: the layout is awesome, and so is the music. It was too easy to find the bathroom. TOO EASY. Then, there's a balcony upstairs. HERE IS WHAT'S SO GREAT ABOUT THAT: Finding your freaking friends. We've all been there, and this helps you get out of that lost-in-kmart feeling. It's not huge, there aren't too many places to look. I love it.
Music? You know that there are some throwbacks your gym teacher played at homecoming that you all said were so stupid but secretly you knew all the words and had to try really hard not to sing along. Well, this place does it better, and everyone sings along. These hip college folk in old city sang the following lineup: Hit Me Baby One More Time, Larger than Life, I want it that way, and.... ready for it.... MMBop. By Hanson. The rest of the night was all that usually new stuff but for half an hour there, it was the most amusing sight I've ever witnessed. It was definitely dorky and lame, but I think the crowd makes it worthwhile and charming.
Now, the servers... all wear these black minidresses that seem to only be permitted one or fewer sleeves... and they tuck your credit card into their bras. Tell me that's not sexy (as long as you're not a germaphobe.)
Drink specials are good, and when you walk in there's a bucket girl with the special. When we arrived it was Blue Moon 22oz for $8, later $2 Corona regulars.This Irish pub and restaurant is one of the most authentic experiences you'll ever have! Staff is friendlier than friendly, food is nothing shy of an exquisite experience in taste and presentation, and the atmosphere, though a tad darker than I like (very overcast, rainy day) is warm and welcoming.
Do yourself a favor and MAKE THIS A DESTINATION stop for your next trip to Phila.
We had a group of 8, with 7 different mouthwatering meals.
Guinness casserole is a unique experience for the steak or stew lover, crusted tuna for fish lovers, and the seafood fettuccine is literally to die for.
6:30 reservation on a Friday night. Single musician, Raymond, was great. Noise level was like any place with live music, yet not too loud to converse with guests at my end of table.My boyfriend and I came to Plough & The Stars for restaurant week and were not disappointed. The pre-set menu had some excellent, diverse selections. We ended up with a warm tomato salad, duck puff pastries, crab stuffed salmon, and pork tenderloin. The meats melted in our mouths and had lots of flavour, while the puff pastry was perfectly crisp with a fluffy interior- the duck mixture did not make it soggy, since it was brought out promptly. I didn't get to try the tomato since my boyfriend wouldn't share, so I assume it was good.
Dessert was a little plate that sported a mini creme brulee and a chocolate ganache in a chocolate bowl. A huge glob of fresh whipped cream was served with it. The creme brulee was torched to perfection, and the chocolate was so rich and dense that the cream was a welcome addition. The feint of heart may not like the chocolate as much as I did, however.
Plough has a decent selection of local beers, but their cocktail menu was more impressive. Interesting things I had never seen before. I asked the waitress to "surprise me" by choosing one of their three irish coffees. The one she brought me, covered with thick whipped cream, was divine. It was a perfect way to finish the evening.After I heard about the sunday brunches here, I dropped by last weekend for a meal with some of my friends, and I cant say that I'm pleased. Sure, the deco and layout were above average, and the food and their 'best in philly' irish coffee (I think) were pretty good too, but the service could have been much better. waiters could have been much friendlier, plus they put the bill on our table the INSTANT they started to clear it (we were still working on our drinks) - we weren't asked if we wanted anything else and we definitely had not asked for the bill yet. The places wasn't packed at all! In fact we were the only occupied table on the 2nd floor. 
At first I thought maybe they were closing up to prepare for dinner, but as I walked out, I realized they evidently were not, as they just accepted new patrons, and I saw their lunch menu on the wall outside. 
Service not too good, but food wasn't too bad. Seems like an ok bar though, so I may or may not give it another try.We had really nice time at this pub..  The place is massive for a pub.  The bartenders were quick and atttentive even though the place was packed.  Drink were good,vibe was good.  The vibe was a bit like a ski lodge.  They even had a skiing event on the big screen that made me feel like we were in Colorado.. Great place to have a beer with friendsVery formal elegant food in a very informal atmosphere. You have the best of both worlds here. The food was expertly prepared. Everything we tried was delicious. Fresh bread selections come to the table to start. We ordered Mussles Veloute as our appetizer. The broth was very tasty. It reminded me of some type of bisque. Oven Baked Cobia with Grilled Shrimp as an entree was spectacular. The Pork Tenderloin topped with the roasted pears was out of this world fabulous too. For dessert the Creme Brulee was just enough to satisify my sweet tooth. The environment here was very layed back. An irish band is playing and the crowd at the bar is very loud and lively. The people are singing and drinking lots of beer. After dinner we stayed a while and drank at the bar. There is no reason to go anywhere after dinner for drinks as you are already in a happening place. My party had a great evening at The Plough and the Stars.Absolutely one of  my favorite places in Philly. Everything is pleasant but I'm totally mesmerized by the live Irish music. The minute I strip in, I feel like being on a different place, possibly Ireland!
I gave it 4 because I feel like their menu is a bit overpriced. No cheap options to chose from.
Food is good overall. I don't have any favorite though. But, if you are a lager person, certainly get the Harp. My favorite.Althought I've never had a great time going to the bar, me and a friend stopped by here for the apple tart dessert, and some irish coffees, sat outside near one of those warm fire place things and had a lovly ending to the nightNice little upscale-ish bar.  While in town for a long business trip, I found that this is the bar I went to the most.  I only ate there once, but drank many times.
The one time I ate, the food was awesome.
When drinking, the bartenders are always friendly and up for a little conversation.  Every time I was there, I met fun locals who were willing to tell me all about the city and suggest places to go and things to try.
A few weekend nights, this place can get pretty nuts.  The crowd is mostly a preppy poser crowd -- but fun none-the-less.It was a cold, wet, blustery day in Philly today and their Guinness Stew was hot and fabulous!!! The service was outstanding and the place was warm and welcoming!! If you're in Philly you really need to go here.Place was packed!! Good energy. Bachelorette parties everywhere made for an interesting mix of girlfriends ranging from male-hating bitter to fun-loving desperate. Good 20ish crowd. Bartenders were fast and efficient and didn't require co-opting a lady to get their attention. Music was top 40 with the occasional classic rock song and you just moved with the push of the crowd. A little espn on the tv screen and you've got a fun night in at Olde City. 2AM hits, music off, lights on and you're done. Philly....just a tease.Beautiful atmosphere and decor--the dark kelly greens and deep wood and brass made me feel warm all the way through. (The 30 degree temperature difference between outside and inside helped too!) The hostess greeted the 4 of us immediately and we had a table within seconds. It was lunchtime and they were perhaps half full. It was endearing to see them projecting the 1951 movie White Christmas on one wall.
The range of food options was good, and the specialty drinks looked delicious. Being nerdy enought to know that alcohol makes you colder even though you FEEL warmer, we all stuck to coffee, tea, and hot cider. Lunch included a Guiness (beef) casserole with mashed potatoes, chicken hash benedict, and a cheesesteak with fries. All were tasty though just a touch salty. 
Our server was attentive and friendly, so I do not consider him at fault for the food taking quite a while to come up. Given the warm atmosphere inside and the drizzly, windy cold outside, we did not mind the wait, though.Ate here for a business lunch with my team. We already had reservations and they even printed a custom menu card for us. We had the choice between 1 app, 1 entree, and a dessert assortment. I close the tomato and more tells salad which was pretty good but more of an appetizer than a salad since it came with pita bread on the side and not many greens. I went with the vegetarian pasta for lunch, tortellini with mushroom and lots of veggies. It was pretty good and definitely a giant portion but nothing too exceptional. The dessert was the best part- the creme brûlée was phenomenal! It also came with a small chocolate raspberry moose that was too rich for my palette. 
The service was good but the waiters would forget who ordered what dish and it took a very long time for my salad to arrive. It could have been organized better. Overall good team lunch! I would come back here for a happy hour.Giving three stars because it was decent experience on a Friday night. The bar wasn't trendy and not too many young crowd either. But overall the bartender was quick. Music was okay not too loud but played songs that one would hear on the radio all the time :). Since it was too hot and humid I never sat outside.Passing through Philly on a road trip home, my husband and I came here for a late snack and some drinks. 
It is a MUST that you order the curry fries. They are so incredibly good and the curry is well made. They also make their own hot sauce so the buffalo tenders were delicious.
We were there on a Sunday night so it wasn't super busy but we absolutely loved the bartender with his Irish accent. He made our night so fun.
Highly recommend, this place was the perfect casual spot we were looking for.The vegan brunch at Plough and Stars was absolutely delicious! Each course was paired well and the flavors married perfectly. Even my carnivorous husband was impressed and raved about the "sausage" hash. Though I enjoyed every morsel, I'd have to say my absolute favorites were the French toast and the orange creme brûlée which was to die for. My compliments to Chef Lenka!wayyy too crowded and i don't know why.  the music is alrite..but the crowd is so loud sometimes its hard to even hear the music!  too many yuppie/preppy types here...this isn't my scene.  if you must go - get a spot upstairs so that you have a good view of your surroundings.This place was fantastic!! When I was there with my husband it  happened to be a special menu for restaurant week, so we tried the 3 course menu. Everything we had was incredible!! It was so good we returned for another dinner even though we were only in the city for 3 nights and usually try new places. We especially liked the lamb, it was cooked to perfection! The guinness casserole was also really great. The drinks were also really amazing-- one drink tasted just like apple pie... I really wish there was a Plough & Stars near Boston so I could eat there often!! We sat in a room that had a fireplace and dim lighting and just loved the atmosphere. Dining here is one of our favorite memories from our weekend away in Philadelphia!We only went here because they advertised live Irish music until 9pm, so we left the mall where the concert was happening on the eve of July 4th thinking we would catch an hr of the show.
Unfortunately the band had other plans and we only got to hear one song before they called it quits 30 minutes early and started ordering beer and food.
We asked the waitress if they were done, because otherwise we would not have stayed and ordered to listen to the loud music from the radio that they put on .
 She told us they finished at 9, so we thought they were maybe taking a quick break ( after all they had a lot of time left ). Lies. We waited and waited, our orders came, and they started packing up their instruments. Huge disappointment! Don't believe their advertising or anything the waitstaff says.My favorite bar in Philly.
I used to frequent this spot many years ago when I was in town for a few months on business.  My routine was sake bombers at the bar at Buddakan around the corner then off to 'The Plough.'
This place is about as unpretentious as it gets.  Unbelievably packed, good crowd (exceptional people watching), and an outstanding rotation of the cheesiest of played out tunes that drives the masses to dance wherever they stand (there is no dance floor, per se) and shout out the lyrics to Bon Jovi, Journey, Britney Spears, Dexy's Midnight Runners, House of Pain, Shaggy, (just recalling many of the songs I heard last night) and the likes.  
It's conveniently located on busy 2nd St which provides a multitude of nightlife options (although I've never once broken from my Buddakan/Plough routine).I asked if there was anything vegan on the bar menu and they sent out an entire chef to take care of me. She made an incredible meal, the service was exceptionally exquisite, and the food was genuinely some of the best I've had in Philadelphia.
 Besides making phenomenal cocktails, they made sure all the food was perfect and the chef personally came out and checked several times and even sent out an INCREDIBLE vegan creme brulee.
The actual bar is unreasonably cute with an awesome vibe and the building is gorgeous. All the bartenders were kind, attentive, and fun. I can't say enough about how great this experience was. Especially for vegan and veg friends, this place is a gem but even my non veg guests were DELIGHTED with the experience.Came here for a quick drink before dinner. Really nice selection of beers and the bar tender was a doll. He was letting me taste lots of beer and cider. The food looked good tooWe stopped in Sunday for lunch on a whim. So glad we did. The salads were crisp and fresh. The burger and fries were also yummy. Service was great but it wasn't crowded. Want to definitely come back for dinner/drinks one evening!We were part of a meetup group this afternoon with all of the vegan food prepared by Chef Lenka Zivkovic - fantastic!! 
Amazing flavor combinations, incredible presentation  and a great venue!
Hope they'll add some of these choices to the regular menu - we'd definitely return!I had grilled shrimp with rice and it was amazing. It had so much flavor I didn't even realize I was eating shrimp. I stopped in here not expecting much but was sold on it. I'd recommend this place to anyone wanting some down home foodQuite lunch time spot, good beers on draught and there Guinness marinated casserole is excellent!Came here for the first time for the restaurant week! Our waiter was so nice and quick! Food was so delicious and I was glad it wasn't too loud in there!Chef Lenka is the best!  Her food is amazing and she takes so much pride in her work.  For a special vegan meetup event, she prepared a bunch of small plates which were equally delicious.  It's hard to pick a favorite, but the buffalo "shrimp," vegan crabcake, and a mushroom dish stood out.  The creme brûlée was also out of this world- better than any I had before going vegan.  Not only is Chef Lenka extremely talented but she has so much enthusiasm and is one of the sweetest and friendliest people I've met!  The restaurant is lucky to have her!A solid Irish pub with delicious food and excellent bar service. Rory was a great bartender; jovial, helpful and even tempered when faced with a drunken, rude patron. For the record, he can certainly pour a proper Black and Tan. It's a cozy place where we as out-of-towners made quick friends with some locals over a few pints of beer. It was a place we stumbled upon while walking around the city and certainly a great little find.We wanted bar food but not the smokey, stinky bar. So we came here and sat outside on the sidewalk on a Sunday afternoon and had an amazing brunch.
The restaurant has a waffle station in the dining room for Sunday brunch and they have leavened waffles which are supposedly lighter and crisper than normal waffles. I opted though... for the fish and chips. Again... I was in the mood for bar food!
This is probably the best fish batter I have ever had. It was soooo crispy! It was like the crunchy crispy of a KFC chicken breast. I loved that I could drench the piece of fish in malt vineagar and still have it be crunchy when it reached my mouth. The fish was perfectly light and hot inside too. 
My boyfriend had an omlette with apples, blue cheese, and sausage. He raved about it! He loved it soooo much. He said it was probably one of the ugliest omelettes he's ever had but also one of the tastiest. 
Service was impeccable and our server was very knowledgeable with the beers and wines. We both agreed that this was one of the best brunches we've had in awhile. The server said, she felt the brunch was probably better than the regular lunch... so.... get down there for Sunday brunch if it's your first time!
Oh and the dining room inside was bright and airy. Like you'd expect a brewery kinda place to be. Noise wasn't overwhelming but the place was definitely lively.Came in on our day off and they were offering brunch for Columbus Day, I've been here several times to drink but never ate. Pleasantly surprised. Inside was decorated for Halloween and looked great. Staff was very welcoming and helpful, they were not open for food service yet but we're happy to seat us and get us cocktails. Hot Apple Pie drink was delicious, the whipped cream was similar to a cheese danish sweet cream cheese filling, if you like cheese danish and apple pie definitely order this. Also had a Southern Tier Pumking beer. For brunch I had the Chicken Hash with poached eggs. If you like a good breakfast scramble I highly recommend,  chipotle hollandaise was a great accompany to the potatoes chicken and veggies. Girlfriend got the omelet du jour which was goat cheese, spinach, and heirloom tomatoes and it was also very good. Started the meal with a soup: Seafood Chowder. Waitress described it as "fishy with a lot of seafood"....I was nervous based on that but gave it a whirl...Awesome Gamble! She should have described it as a "Glorified New England Clam Chowder!" If you like Clam chowder I absolutely recommend it as a starter. We will be back to eat...and drink! For sure.Everyone can talk shit about Plough all they want:
"it's supposed to be an irish bar"
"they don't have a great beer selection"
"there are NJ douchebags there"
News flash: there are NJ douchebags everywhere!
Moving along - this place is what it is on weekend nights. You've got your hotties, you've got your assholes and you've got your train wrecks. Great place to party and they have a huge tv if a game is on. DJ always plays things drunk people want to hear - channel Livin on a Prayer, Beat It, Jessie's Girl, etc. Overall, always a fun time late at night.  Bonus points for an awesome Christmas tree in December!!Great music and vibe! The burger is the best item on the menu (if come back for that) and my ginger margarita cocktail was good! I ordered the seared tuna as a special but it was over cooked and was paired oddly with sweet potatoes and asparagus. The steak my mom ordered was a little tough.I was here the Saturday the pope came to Philadelphia.. Watched his speech from independence mall. It was a quiet weekend in the city. The burger was great . The fries were good. It wasn't crowded &  I ordered a pumpkin beer on tap. My friend orders a specialty drink she said was a little watered down. The staff is extremely friendly. The decor is beautiful. I need to try this place on a regular day to really catch the vibeI went to Plough and Stars today as part of a meetup and Chef Lenka prepared a small plates menu for us that was 100%Vegan. Everything was delicious! 
-The Jackfruit "Pulled Pork"were a little sweet and tangy and were a perfect match for the crispy bread it rested upon. It was a wonderful blend of sweet and savory flavors for the palate.
-Mushrooms are a personal favorite and Chef Lenka constructed a creamy mushroom tapenade that I can't fully identify all the ingredients, but I want more of it!! Also served on a crispy bed or crostini, this one I had seconds of as did most of the attendees!! 
-Every delectably savory meal deserves a sweet finish and Chef Lenka surprised our group with raw vegan Creme Brulee. The base of this tantalizing treat is cashew cream. Yes! Cashew cream and as someone who used to have a very sweet tooth, this one surprised me out of left field! It contained some lemon juice I believe and was topped with the traditional burnt sugar crystals(Vegan of course) and a sweet, ripe strawberry. It wasn't overly sweet and had a smooth and creamy consistency. 
This was my first experience at Plough and the Stars, but will not be my last. As this was my second time trying food prepared with passion from Chef Lenka, she truly has a special talent with the cashew nut!! I highly recommend exposing your taste buds to the culinary talents of Chef Lenka at Plough and the Stars!Chef Lenka prepared an amazing variety of Vegan food for our vegan pledge group.  Everything was amazing and obviously made with her love of cooking.  We will definitely go back as long as we know she will be there to prepare vegan options for us.We chose the Plough & the Stars for one of our last Friday night stops in Old City and I was blown away by the sheer amount of people crammed in the bar at midnight. That must have been where everyone was that night because all of the other bars that we walked by/wandered into were practically empty. Surprisingly (or perhaps not), there was no cover here. I guess I was expecting it because of the type of crowd that was there, which was very similar to the crowd in Manayunk, so take that as you will.
The architectural vibe was really cool (second floor open to the area below) and place was surprisingly large. The drinks were also inventive/seasonal (pumpkin pie bombs. Not my thing, but they smelled delicious). The music was loud and people were attempting to dance as well (a little difficult, again, because of the crowds).
I'm sorry to keep harping on about this, but the only problem with the bar was that the crowds of people made it almost impossible to get drinks. The management did take advantage of the crowds and rolled out a few coolers for selling beer other than at the actual bar. Spilled/dropped drinks were also a bit of a hazard, because you couldn't turn around without bumping into someone. 
I'd like to stop by again on a night when I'm not wearing such nice clothes (the woes of going out directly after work).I had a very disappointing chicken and prosciutto panini. The bread was your standard multi-grain sandwich bread that did not stand up to grilling. You know the bread that collapses to about 1/16 inch thickness and sticks to the roof of your mouth when you bight into it? That's it. The chicken portion was small as well. Seafood chowder was decent, but served without bread or cracker. I was nearly done with the meal by the time my waitress showed up again and I was able to request a napkin and silverware. At least the beer was cold.On a Friday/Saturday night it can get crowded, too crowded. It is also a mecca for frat guys, old men who just want to have fun, and gorilla juice heads. But when it is fun, and you are not stepping on people's toes, there is no better bar in Philadelphia. They play an odd mix of music, a lot of 80's hits, but it works. Drinks are a bit pricey, a trashy beer will cost you about four dollars...but there is no cover.Late hours with an open kitchen, that's where you will find me at times. The Plough and the Stars is very cozy for me the few times I have been there. I just order my usual wings or whatever I see on the menu and don't try anything much here as it just a quickly eat and let's chit chat type of gathering. I am not big on eating American food overall as a reviewer, but the atmosphere I enjoy a lot. If I'm not mistaken this might have an old bank or something like that that's why I like it - for its cozy interior with fireplace.Went there for dinner last night after finding good reviews on Open Table.  It was not overly busy for a Saturday night and we were seated right away.  The crab spring rolls were delicious, as well as the lamb kabob.  The duck and pork tenderloin were also very good.   The waitress, however, was very absentminded.  We had to ask twice for water.  We watched every other table receive bread, but we had to ask for ours. When we received it, there were only 2 pats of butter.  The waitress did not offer another round of drinks, we had to ask for it as well.  When we ordered dessert, they were out of ice cream (it was only 8pm).  When we got our coffees, we received neither sugar nor spoons.  By the time we received them, the coffee had gone cold.  It's a shame.  The food was very good but having to ask for everything ruined the experience.  If they had self service, we would have been better off.We've been to the Plough & the Stars on a handful of dates now, and we've always been a big fan.  The atmosphere is great so long as you're open to a louder environment with music (and sometimes Irish dancing).  We find the food to be quite good for the price, and the service has always been good.  The location is nice for an evening stroll through the Old City / dinner.One of my old night spots! My friends and I used to use this as a meeting point since the Ritz Parking lot is just a block away and many of us drove in from outside the city.
The drinks were good but the wait for them was always AWFUL. The only way to get them was to send the hottest guy in our crew or the girl with the smallest, tightest top! I don't think we've ever gotten a table although we've put our name down on many occasions. We loved it because of the location and because the drinks were good and not too overpriced. However, it's nothing to rave about.
I walked by on Chestnut last night but didn't see it - thought it had closed but I see there are recent reviews. Perhaps I missed it! I wish I was here on Sunday as Allison J's review of the waffles made my mouth water...perhaps next time I'm in town!!We dined this past Thursday at The Plough & The Stars for the vegan prix-fixe menu after seeing the philly.com writeup that very day!  We weren't sure what to expect but after we looked at the menu we knew we were in store for a great dining experience!
The taste, flavor and presentation are second to none! Chef Lenka stopped by as we were wrapping up dinner.  We couldn't contain our enjoyment and told her how much we loved ALL the dishes. You can sense the joy and excitement that Chef Lenka has in creating these vegan dishes. Just as we were about to settle up, Chef Lenka stopped by again and gave us vegan creme brulee!  How awesome is that! 
Big shout out to our waiter, Josh, for providing us friendly wonderful service and adding to the already wonderful dining experience!
The city of Philadelphia is really lucky to have The Plough & The Stars as a great addition to an ever expanding vegan scene. This special takes place every other Thursday for $35.  Guess where I'm gonna be two Thursdays from now?I went here with a date for dinner, it was her pick. I was surprisingly good and affordable. I got the steak, she got the duck. Both were cooked perfected, as were the green beans and couscous (which we both chose a substitute for potatoes).  The waitress was friendly and attentive.
My date's Poinsettia may have been a bit overpriced. My Guinness was spot on. The taps are form Ireland and installed by Guinness technicians, so I couldn't pass the opportunity. That seems like something to brag about, but maybe its normal... What do I know.
Right by the entrance is a log burning fire. There are some small tables to sit at there for drinks or coffee. We enjoyed it a bit on our way out as we planned our night. My only critique is there was no star on top of the Christmas tree!
PS: Google offers has 25% off all food every day until May. Find it by accessing it from Google Maps on an Android phone.Consensus seems to be that Plough and the Stars is great if you want to party and get smashed. For this I like to go to places that serve me $2 Lagers so when I'm smashed I'm also not poor.  Thus my two star rating.
This doesn't mean I didn't have a good time there before. St. Patty's Day 2007 was an awesome marathon of drinking. They had live Irish dancers, music and some wonder kid who sang some Irish diddies.  Intermittently a bar crawl would come thru, try to recruit us and then move on. We got there early and got prime seats at the bar that allowed us to keep the beer flowing and the crowd somewhat at bay.
I feel bad for my two stars but with bad food, high prices, and a crowd, this isn't my hangout of choice... unless I'm trying to re-live college.Plough is (in my opinion) the best bar in philly. I love it and everyone is so nice. Look for John, Larry, or Gill at the door for a warm welcome! And keep an eye out for the BEST cocktail waitress at the Plough, Emily. LOVE EVERYONE THERE!VERY UNSAFE BAR!!! *graphic description in post*
Came here on a Saturday night, place has no cover which is good for old city, cool Halloween atmosphere, and music was good.
However, this place was extremely crowded at 11:30-12, unsafely so. We had to squeeze and push our way through people just to get anywhere. Certainly over capacity for what they can handle, and they were still bringing people in.
It cleared out around 1:00, and was much more enjoyable. When my friends and I on our way out, I stepped on a shattered glass on the first floor and sliced my foot open. Upon making it to a seat at the front of the restaurant, blood was literally pouring out of my foot onto the floor.
My friend and I had to tell the staff what to get, and I was first given a dirty rag that smelled like beer, probably used to clean off the bar.
They asked me multiple times if I needed a cab home, while I was still actively bleeding and not bandaged. None of the workers helping me wore gloves, and nobody cleaned up my puddle of blood on the floor. The man who helped me bandage my foot asked if I 'have any diseases'. 
Luckily I don't have 'any diseases', because if you were at Plough & the Stars last weekend you probably walked through my blood.
This bar is unsafe, untrained in first aid, and really tried to rush me out when I was hurt. One manager said she was sorry, but I received nothing else. So far my foot hasn't gotten infected, hopefully nobody else does when they inevitably hurt themselves here.
If we didn't only have 2 drinks and didn't have health science degrees, this would have been a way worse situation. I will not be returning to this bar any time soon.Meh, wasn't impressed with anything about this place.
Decent priced drinks. Place was very loud and everyone's conversation was echoing loudly through the bar. The decor was very girlish, probably why it was filled with girls. Seems more like a bar for professionals then your average Philly drinking crowd.We decided to take a quick spur of the moment over-night trip with the kids to Philadelphia just before New Years Eve -- so we head down there and by the time we get down to Philly and check into the hotel it's time to feed ourselves and the kids.  We asked the concierge at the hotel for a recommendation and he responded: "The Plough and The Stars".  Although it is an Irish Pub type of place, he said there was food for the kids as well and we would enjoy it.  So we figured . . . what the hell -- why not.
F Y I . . . If you are staying down by the Convention Center, this is NOT walkable as it's on the other side of town (a few miles).  Not that I have anything against walking, but when you have a kid(s) with you and it's night time, you don't want to traverse the streets of Philly that are between the two endpoints.  Also, be aware that if you are going to Philly and plan on visitng the Old City area after 6PM, be prepared to pay $15+ to park if you can't find a spot on the street.
Once we drove over the Old City neighborhood, we had a little trouble finding the place (but that may have been as a result of bad directions in the first place.)  Once we found it, we stepped inside to what appeared to be a nice open space -- in front of you is a nice wide bar, to the left are some small tables near the fire place to sit and sip on some cocktails and there are tables on either side of the doorway and upstairs as well.  When we got there the place was relatively empty (which changed later on during our meal.)
The atmopshere, especially during the holiday season, was wonderful, they had a giant christmas tree (think two story tall), in a corner by the fireplace.  The fireplace itself gave a great aroma to the air and the building itself was certainly late 19th century and had a wonderful charm to it.
So of course my son wants to sit near the fireplace (esepcially since the tables were all reserved) -- the only "bad" part of the evening was that we had to sit at the small tables by the fireplace (on even smaller stools) -- but it was worth it because we sat right near the fire (which I too am a big fan of), and the food AND drinks were wonderful.  They have this wonderful "apple pie" cocktail which combines Irish Whiskey, cream and some apple cider -- they warm it up and boy is it yummy.
As promised, the place had food to delite the tastes of younger patrons (in other words my 5 y/o and 20 month old), and they had delightfully, the menu certainly has an Irish theme to it, and their dishes are full-flaovred and hearty (i.e. steak, other beef dishes, etc.) -- their salads and soup are equally tasty and the wait-staff are all delightful and regularly coming around with warm, freshly made brown bread and irish soda bread (highly recommended.)
The desserts are also a nice treat.  We shared the Bailey's Creme Brulee -- personally I could taste the Bailey's in the dessert, but none-the-less it was enjoyable (so was the coffee.)
So go, enjoy and also remember, from what I was told, this was formerlly an old bank so the building I am certain has some interesting history to it (for you history buffs out there.)We ordered the salmon and the roast pork. Both dishes were very good!
Only 4 stars as service was a bit slow, not sure if the server or the kitchen. Overall enjoyed our meal and experience.Had the most delightful vegan prix fixe dining experience served by chef Lenka Zivkovic. An absolutely delicious 4 course dinner available every other Thursday at Plough & The Stars. 
We enjoyed a rich cauliflower bisque (hearty portion!) followed by a unique artichoke/hearts of palm parfait & a very clean arugula salad. The third courses were utterly breathtaking and equally delicious! Grilled polenta with a lentil/walnut pate, portabello with quinoa & asparagus plus an artichoke rose that was sooo good, pasta orecchiette with a topping that mimicked bacon! The portions were hearty and all plates paired exceptionally well together. Then... the desserts came. You must try these vegan cakes. Immediately. The chocolate raspberry cream cake deserves a gold medal. It was so rich and mouth watering. The avocado lime cheesecake will blow your socks off. And both were raw dishes! Truly impressed.
Our waiter, Josh, was the nicest. Extremely friendly and knowledgeable when it came to the menu. We're so happy he told us about the prix fixe!
The Greater Philadelphia Area vegan community is slowly catching wind of these incredible plates, so definitely book a table in advance!!I love plough! All my friends hate me because every time we go out, I wanna go here. 
Had my birthday party here in the upstairs section. The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating. They were very attentive and persistent on making sure my guests and I had gotten everything we needed. The bartenders make great drinks and are very good with busy crowds. 
Before my party, I was in contact with their event planner Marion who was so friendly and easy to communicate with. She made planning this event completely stress-free! THANK YOU, MARION AND THE STAFF AT PLOUGH & THE STARS! You guys are amazing!I had a warm apple cider from their happy hour menu. It was fantastic before dinner.
Being from Boston, I'm a snob when it comes to Irish food/bars. However, this place is fantastic.
Pros:
Service
Drinks/Beers on Tap
Outdoor Patio Seating
Great First Date Meet-up for drinks/and or you can stay for dinner. ( We only had the calamari, but the menu looked fantastic)
Cons:
I didn't try everything yet?
Maybe, the warm apple pie drink? The cider was way better- but if you are in the mood- go for it.Im a bit biased being that I worked there more than a year ago. Howevever, there is no doubt the bartenders are great. They are fast and professional, and will know almost any stupid drink some douche might order. You know those people.... the guy that thinks he knows every drink type cause he read it in a drink bible. or that girl that orders a shot because it has a cute name, but is really just sugar that is 20 percent alcohol. order a Guinness there, please! They pour it properly, by the way.
Rant aside. The bartenders rock, the music is decent.
Dont expect a really great dance scene. But, dancing can surely happen.
 It is for the 27-35 year old for sure. But, you can be a bit younger and enjoy the mix of people trying to get their dance on if your crawling around old city.  stay to the seats and dining area and chat with friends or other strangers. After all, its an Irish Pub, so socializing is certainly encouraged. 
Food is great. If you have the bills for the food and tip. Then do it. If you love UK minded people. Do it. The place is owned by Irish immigrants, first generation. So, it will remain an Irish pub feel for quite sometime. 
Good beer selection, as well. 
Most interesting thing about this place is it changes all day. Early morning is for great breakfast, then great lunch, then awesome dinner, then a good late night. And the scene gets younger. Early morning averages 60 year olds. Then once lunch hits, minus 10 years. Then dinner, another 10 years. Once your at late night, its the 28+.i had the unfortunate opportunity to check out this place on a saturday night, in all its meaty glory. wall-to-wall people. loud. literally 8 bachelor/bachelorette parties, one of which i was a part of. the whole experience pretty much made me want to die. but hey that's just me. i like to dance, but when you're packed in like sardines, it's a little hard to shake it without getting dirty looks or accidentally bumping somebody. the bride-to-be was happy so i guess it was worth the hour or so of suicidal musings on my part.
all in all, saturday night here is a nightmare. avoid on weekend evenings. otherwise, it's not too bad. i've only eaten here once and it was outside. it was okay. i don't think i'll be going back though.I typically overlook Plough for other options in Old City, but decided to give it a chance for brunch. 
Expecting typical bar food grub, the menu was a pleasant surprise. Traditional Irish breakfast, seasonal french toast, and crab eggs Benedict are just a few of the options. They apparently also have "Best of Philly" Irish coffee, but I didn't try it for myself. 
The atmosphere is great. The first floor fireplace makes you forget you are sitting in a bar; the upstairs balcony is nice and a little more intimate. However, service was a little slow (we sat for 30 minutes after our plates were cleared before we got the check. Then we waited another 10 to get the receipt. 
For a place that is so ... not my scene.. at night, the brunch here really impressed me.I've been here a few times only at night and had one bad experience when a friend got in a fight but I recently went this weekend with my boyfriend. It was packed as usual on a Saturday night. A big plus about this spot is they have no cover charge! Which is good cause all over olde city there is a cover charge. It's a lot of young 20 something year olds. I got a drink pretty easily and headed upstairs where it's less crowded. The music is ok it's a mix top 40/ hip hop and some old school. The downstairs is always crowded and packed I don't know how people can stand there I feel like Id get smushed but upstairs is ok they have some seating and U can over look downstairs and see the flat screen with sports games on. Overall not a bad spot.DESERVES NO STARS AT ALL.    used to like this place--no more
had dinner few nights ago with friend from work (also female) 
service was v-e-r-y  s-l-o-w and place was not full, not understaffed.
food was so-so for price, nicely presented though.
after dinner we went into ladies room I was washing my hands near the door, my friend was at the furthest sink &  said "need to fix bra strap"  had her hand under shirt up her back when a guy comes crashing in   (not one of the drunk frat boys from the bar) holding rolls of T.P., both my friend & I yelled at him to get out.  he kept coming in, said ' only changing toilet paper" he wouldn't leave.  
my friend tried to move further back and I stepped in front of him, asked him since he worked here didn't he know to call into a ladies room to check if it was OK to come in?  He cursed at me and wouldn't leave.  my friend was upset and went back into a stall til he left.
I went to hostess stand, asked for manager on duty, female there says  "I'm MOD" explained to her why we were very upset and she either blew us off or she is really dumb -"it's OK he works here"    yeah we get he works there, but what happened to business courtesy or some privacy in the bathroom??  RUDE IGNORANT STAFF LOST THIS PLACE OUR BUSINESS---2 to 10 of us would be there at least 2x or more week, not anymore.
That's Ok, we wont'be back, are blackballing them with other nurses & docs @ the hospital and a planned retirement party for 80 people will now be held at Downey's or Tir Na Nog.Okay food at a reasonable price.
Fun little bar.
Much better places to hang out in that part of Philly...go to Amada right down the street for much better food.
This place is sort of a Philly institution, but feels like a spot that is past its prime.Why are you serving drinks in glass during Saint Patty's? Go plastic you idiots. It's a hazard waiting to happen with all the broken glass on the floor. The turtles will be fine if you recycle!!Had an awesome time here this past Saturday.   Our birthday party attendees secured a spot on the raised platform area directly to the right of the door.  Having this space made our whole night!!!  The waitress was extemely attentive.  I also liked how we paid as we went.  With 15 plus people coming and going and ordering drinks, running a tab can be dicey.  No need here!  DJ was okay.  Some really random trax and some pretty bad mixing, however he did play a requested song right away-so big ups for that.  I am by no means a fan of Olde City bars in general but I would certainly recommend this spot to friends.I recently moved to Old City and this spot has quickly become my home away from home. It has the best outside seating of all the Old City restaurants, the staff is very welcoming and the customers are friendly. 
The food is good, it's a great spot for brunch/lunch when out of town guests are visiting on weekends. The Cheese steak on the bar menu is my go to  for dinner.
I've been in to watch the World Cup and will continue to watch the matches there. They have 2 big screens and the crowd is really into it.This is such an awesome Irish bar. On Friday and Saturday nights it's a great hangout spot with a young crowd. On Sunday nights they always have live Irish music, which I love. Food is great, lots of beers on tap, and great service!This is a great little spot in old city. Definitely not on the cheap side, but I've had some appetizers and beers here. I was here New years eve actually which was fun but a little bit of an oddly mixed crowd. It seems like a nice first date type place and have a great middle of the range meal and a beer.**This review is for the nightlife only.  
I've been here twice - once while very drunk, and the other time - well I learned quickly that I wasn't drunk enough.  I had two very different experiences - 
1. While very drunk, I didn't mind the music from the mid to late 90s, which reminded of my middle school days.  I also didn't mind that the DJ continued to repeat these songs over and over again throughout the night.  I also didn't mind that my friends and I were harassed and grinded on by an obnoxious group of friends at a bachelor party.  Or that the drinks were expensive.  Or that it was packed, wall-to-wall with sweaty bodies.  At least there was no cover!  
2. While not drunk enough - I thought to myself, how did I have such a good time here last time?  Isn't this song from when I was in 6th grade?  Didn't the DJ just play it 5 songs ago?  It was hot, sweaty, the crowd was obnoxious, the bar was crowded, the drinks were overpriced...
My advice - come here when you are already three-sheets deep and ready to end the night with some dancing, otherwise you might leave feeling annoyed, like you wasted a perfectly good night.I walked in on a super cold night and saw the most beautiful sight... A huge fireplace. Grabbed a coffee, a fish wrap, and picked at my buddy's calamari. All of it was excellent. Then, I got a craving for a milkshake, which isn't on the menu, but my waitress, Kelly, is an awesome person so my craving got filled. Will definitely stop back in!The food gave me PTSD. I think kitchen steals it from a Barbie play set. It looked nice and all but I don't know if any of it was OK'd by the FDA for human consumption.
On a positive note they serve big-ass, viking sized Blue Moon bottles, which just happens to be the best domestic-foreign style beer on planet America.DO NOT COME HERE. Whatever you do, don't come to this place. Turn around now if you are on the way. If I could give this place 0 stars I would. Terrible service, terrible food, and the people that come to drink here are among the rudest most disgusting people in the world. One of them decided to pull down his pants and literally take a piss on my friend. Managers did nothing about it. There are plenty of other decent places in the city to go. This place is not one of them!!Chef Lenka has put together an amazing vegan pre-fix menu that serves four courses of heaven, every other Thursday.Absolutely love this place.  I wasn't a fan of this restaurant for years, but I've been there a few times, and was there yesterday (Sunday, 2/14/16) for lunch... and let me say, I'm a huge fan now.  
Their food has become exceptional- ordered the steak frites, and my steak was perfectly cooked.  So rare to find people who can cook steak correctly.  And don't even get my started on their dreamy soda bread!
Our server was pleasant, and made sure that our glasses were never empty of beverages.
Keep it going, guys!  You rock.This place is hardly an irish pub. It's just a typical bar that turns into a sorta dance place later at night. There are usually no specials and even though it is 2 floors, it gets PACKED. Last time I went, they played decent music (hip hop, house) stuff you can dance to. But then I guess the DJ became retarded and started playing irish bagpipe music, odd 80's songs, and pretty much the avg college anthem songs like "cotton eye joe" and such. I mean I guess for some it's better and I guess since they are considered an "irish pub" they need to do that but c'mon! Also the music was WAY too loud, my ears were ringing when I left. 
The servers are usually attentive and quick and there are usually good lookin girls here. All in all, a decent place to end the night at since they never have cover and it's in a good location.This felt like a college bar.  It got wayyyy to crowded, BUT it did have coat check.  Music could be better.  I  don't have much else to compare it to in Philly though since I was just on Vacay.So another night in Olde City with the Brits, it usually starts the same way drinks at the house train,cab or walk to Olde City. I usually follow the same path but i start at mcgillins to get some good drinks then i walk to market east to meet them then the aforementioned cab or walking to Olde city. Off to sugar Mom we go which means we are going to be entirely too drunk too fast lol. After about two hours  there we stumble our way toward market and presumably Lucy's which i like because it has music and drinks for every type of person,but dint like because its like being Adrian Peterson just to get to the bathroom. One night we were tired of doing this and decided to stumble back to the house. (Truth be told i literally elbowed a girl in the nose in an effort to get to the bathroom,so lets assume i was in more of a hurry to leave then everyone else lol). 
Now i assume the Brits had been there before  because they made a beeline to the door. I had walked past this place a hundred times...i swore it was a restaurant (it is) We got into the place and you can literally feel the energy from the spacious two floor building  Its always packed to capacity and i sweat through my shirt which if you know me isn't hard. The bar stretches out pretty far and they have great bartenders. So great that when i left my card they let me in after closing to get my card that i had to walk back to from 10th to get. The music is great because it plays everything for everyone. This particular night the first 5 songs were Drake,Billy Joel,Blur, Daft Punk and i think Sting. Though when you are drunk Sting's mumbles sound like a person speaking Chinese with a lisp so it could have been anything lol. But it was awesome and The Plough & The Stars became my end of the night place every time i went to Olde City. Great Drinks and setup BUT MY ONLY REGRET is that i have yet to eat there which i plan on change ASAP. It get really poppin around 12 ish because the restaurant crowded has changed into the party crowd. Enjoy!Just went to this place after being there a couple times before with good service, today i went and it was not crowded at all in fact only 2 tables were seated. The waiter walked past me at least 3 times to help a table that was seated after me. I waited about 5 more minutes for someone to approach me at my table but no one ever came, so i just got up and left.  I never call anyone racist but i think that had a big part in it today. Very dissatisfiedWe were visiting for work. For reservations for a nice area upstairs. Good was delish and service was wonderful...Fun atmosphere.. I loved how we paged individually with iPads. It's nice being right there with your card. Super innovative!Honestly this is one of the few bars that I've ever wished that they did not let me into.  It is often overcrowded beyond belief on the weekends to the point that it isn't even remotely fun to be at.  you're stuck drinking bottled beer, trying to not get run over by the mass of humanity that is trying to get in, out, use the bar, and go to the bathroom.  so if you get a cocktail or draft you will spill it.  I had no need to go there, they didn't need me either, so I wish they had decided that they were at capacity and told me to go elsewhere.
Other than that, when it isn't crowded its fine and reasonably priced, it isn't anything you haven't seen at a bar before, but its reasonable to good quality especially if you consider the neighborhood.I was alone in Philadelphia for a conference and found this place to be particularly friendly, reasonably priced, and with a comfortable atmosphere. Being from Southern California, I especially appreciated the warmth of the working fireplace downstairs! 
In fact, I liked it here so much that I ate lunch here two days in a row (and ordered fish and chips both times).  I also recommend the "Bay Breeze Mimosa!"At 3 pm on a Sunday this place was fairly empty. We originally sat down but no one came over to take our order. We just wanted drinks and appetizers, so we walked over to the bar. I forgot my ID and was served water... doesn't matter how old you are. You might want to have your ID. The ambiance is pretty chilled. Music wasn't good. I am not sure if it was because it was a Sunday or what... I really didn't dig it. I'll certainly swing by on a Saturday evening and see if its the same deal. 1 drink $6.50 and they accept credit cards. Street Parking.I went to P&TS Saturday for pops with my buds. I hadn't been and about in the city for well over a year thanks to the life-style change that goes with the addition of a little baby.
It was a good time. The bar tender (our Scottish friend) was engaging but not annoyingly so and I was pleased with the beer selection. I only have been drinking stouts (who knows why) since the birth of the wee one and they had SEVERAL 22ozers to choose from.
Although the place was crowded we were able to secure a seat at the bar by arriving at 8pm. 
P&TS is one of those places in OC where people who don't go to the city often might end up (read, no hipsters.) The bar selection is trendy (and priced so) as are the people who are shopping for husbands/wives/one night stands/a night out from the 'burbs. 
It was fun. I'd go back.Great restaurant and atmosphere, really comfortable and cute. I loved the outdoor part, but it was too full when I got there. Very sad because the majority of my food was mediocre. The calamari off the bar menu was actually pretty good, but the next things I ate weren't good at all. The seafood chowder was extremely watery and not thick at all, which wasn't a good look. On top of that I got the buffalo tenders and they weren't spicy at all, they were actually pretty sweet it was strange. My service was pretty good though, and they were nice!Please tell me what the big deal is about this place? 
I've been here several times and even when it is dead I was bored.  Saturday night after the disasterous dinner at Triumph we decided to move the party here...bad idea!
We were meeting the rest of our party(about 15 of us total) on the top floor and just getting up the steps and past the bar was a challenge in itself.  It makes no sense to pack a place that tight if A.) you aren't charging admission and B.) noone can get the bar to buy drinks.  Luckily my friends had snagged a spot over the railing so we could get some air.  I wasnt even drinking and the crowd was making me light-headed.  The music was decent but there was no room to dance and to be honest I couldnt even move my arms.  This is one of those places where you absolutley have to be wasted to have fun..even then I think it would just make me sick.  
The only advantage was being by the railing and watching the cattle being herded below(plus a guy doing the entire soldier boy dance and a great view of the drunk shirtless guy that passed out on the street and then was beaten by the cops...yes this was the highlight of the night for us).  
Needless to say we didnt stay long and eventually had to make the trip back down the steps and make our way to the door.  Dont' see myself ever going back unless I'm eating at the outside tables, and even then it would only be so I could people watch.Great atmosphere and great food. Was there last night and had a great time sitting by the fire, which was expertly stoked for us everytime it died down. John joe the barman was fantastic   We had a great time there and will defenitly b back.....hopefully to run into our favorite hockey team again . Wink wink. Go flyers!!!!!!I love The Plough! My absolute favorite pub in Old City, Philadelphia. The food is tasty, the atmosphere is second to none and the entertainment is amazing! My husband and I have been going there for years. Whether it is just the two of us or a large group, we always have a great time there!I've been here several times.  If you go during downtime, I feel like it's the best.  You can relax and it's a good atmosphere. Sometimes they play Irish music which is kinda cool.  
If you make the mistake of going there on a friday or saturday night you have stepped into a terrible frat party where you cannot move.  It's awful.  We walked right out.  
They also don't have many beer options, which isn't that great.  The food is pretty good nothing to write home about, but nothing horrible either.  
My last experience was with a bartender at a high top with short black hair who was really tan and tattooed.  She was SUPER friendly and gave us some VERY good service.Maybe its just me, but I really didn't get this place... or maybe its Old City, or it could be the fact I was out this way to attend a funeral and wasn't in the right frame of mind.  
But I wish I had two more sets of hands to give this place four thumbs down...
Seriously, perhaps it was an off night?!?!  And surprise, it did get better with each additional Jameson on board...Beautiful Irish Pub in a great walkable location to many things in Philly. We stopped in for an early lunch and irish coffee, and a beer of course. I enjoyed the fish and chips, very good well battered haddock and great fries. Great service from true Irish! Irish music and a great atmosphere!When I was younger I was taught, "Praise in public, criticize in private". Of course with the birth of Yelp and Yelp-esque websites, that is all out the window - there is no modesty in the internet.
However, as far as naming names, I like to take the old fashioned approach. If you are a fantastic server/bartender/host I WILL name you. If you suck I won't, but you know who you are and hopefully management will work out who you are.
In this case HOLLY the cocktail server was fantastic! Girly and I came in on a Friday night and the place was packed. We made friends with a couple who looked liked they might be close to giving up their table and our investment paid off as they did up and leave shortly thereafter. Soon there was not any room to stand, never mind sit (and we got lots of envious looks from the standing crowd - hey make your own friends! But here was Holly and she was the only cocktail server working. 
We never wanted for a drink, and the food came fast. She worked the room like a pro and had the time to engage. Kudos to you.The name of this pub was the first thing that caught my eye - sounds so poetic!  Ducked into this bar on a Saturday afternoon for a casual drink - really cool pub!  Our group of 4 grabbed a table right next to their gorgeous fireplace - you truly feel right at home.  As for drinks, we kept things simple with Crabbie's Ginger Beer and Magners Cider; lots of beef varieties on tap so you're bound to find something you like.
Interior space is gorgeous with lots of bar stools and booths - kind of reminds me of the interior of a bank (maybe it was one in the past...?).  There's also seating outside which would be perfect on a gorgeous day.  Definitely check this place out for afternoon drinks when you're in Philly.We stumbled across this place looking for some food.  The atmosphere was cool and the waiter was friendly.  The food was alright.  Nothing special here.  I'd probably pass next time around and it's also a little pricey for the food quality.Great place to spend a sunday listening to Irish music over a pint. The place is a little pricey, but that is not surprising for the area.Walked in with 5 friends on a busy Friday evening.   Let me just say they were on it!   We were seated at a bar high top while waiting for our table.  The waitress was super attentive with drinks and apps while we waited.  The manager made sure we were taken care of. Food and entertainment was excellent!   Will be back!5 stars! Becasue......
1. I don't live in Philly and have only come here with my best friend from college
2. Have gotten really drunk and hit on by many men
3. danced my drunk ass off
4. good drinks
5. Normal pricing
6. Priceless memories!Great service and very friendly staff! Food and drinks were delicious, especially the lemonades they have with various vodkas. Very cool space as well :-)This is the first time we were here. Our server was Casey and she was very friendly, upbeat and helpful with selections. Service was a little slow, as I believe she was the only server at the time. I had the chicken wrap, and my husband and brother-in-law had the bangers.
There were only two bangers on the plate, but they were very good. My sister-in-law from Florida had the Philly cheesesteak, which she said was amazing. When we first came in, we were asked if we wanted drinks or to eat, and I said drinks and something light to eat. The menu we were given, the bar menu, didn't have a lot of selections. I don't know if there is a different menu or only the one.  Everyone who had beer enjoyed their selections. I would come back again, as we thought the food was good and the room has great architecture. Worth trying.Best Guiness and they remember my clover! Used to live down the block so got to know the place well! 
Check-out the Sunday Brunch; live Irish music usually fiddle, tin whistle and Bodran.This place is too small for the location and can get packed - wouldn't recommend on weekends at night - the crowd can get rowdy and like I said, it's too small for the revelry. Happy hour is also, ear-to-ear, elbow-to-elbow. When it's cold, whenever someone opens the door, it's like a wind tunnel that you can feel throughout the place.  You gotta go through the waitstaff station to get to the bathrooms.  Inconvenient.
On another note, I do enjoy this place during the day - it's cozy, friendly, and you can sip your Guinness by the fireplace with friends (they'll pour the best Guinness in the city). On Sundays, I think, they have live Irish jam sessions.  It's especially nice at Christmas-time when they have a huge organic tree that towers to the second floor.   I have only had some pub grub here - munchies that sufficed.  It's far more casual for Olde City and I can say I have had some great times here.I have NEVER eaten here, just drank...and drank, and drank.
Soooooo, with that in mind, early on a beautiful early summer evening ;-) what a nice stop to sit outside and have a cocktail and people watch.  
There is  nice cocktail menu, and and a well rounded beer menu, my friend opted for a mango mojito.  It was all mint, watered down, barely a taste of mango vodka or mango at all.  My martini, which is no brain surgery, was excellent.   
Our server was very friendly and fun.  The chairs are the best of outdoor seating that you can find.  The chairs get a 5 star rating.   :-)
BTW, inside is warm and cozy with a fireplace for those chilly nights in winter, and always a wonderful fun crowd to boot.Thirsty and very hungry and in search of a good beer and philly steak sandwich - happened upon the Plough and got both.  Great atmosphere, great service, good cold beer and really good steak sandwich.  Oh, very good Irish coffee also.  If you are not sure where to stop for lunch - give it a try.Delicious, delicious, delicious, delicious, delicious, great service, delicious, delicious, good music, delicious, delicious, delicious, great atmosphere. Had the braised chicken in honey tarragon sauce with mashed potatoes and green beans, and creme brûlée, btw.I haven't been to this place in 5 years.  Why, you ask?  Because I am OLD.  Over 30 is apparently elderly at Plough, and I felt out of place among the inebriated youngins'.
So although it is no longer my scene, I spent many a college and young adult weekend nights here, and it seems the place has not changed in the last 10 yrs.  They always play good music, so no matter what decade you were born in, if you are just drunk enough, it'll be a good time.I went on a weeknight when it was not so crowded. Plenty of places to sit and eat. Not so noisy.
I had the steak frite which was actually quite tasty. I also had a hoegaarden and the weiss beer. Both pretty good.
I hear this place gets noisy and crowded on the weekends and I can see it being a pain in the arse. The service was also SUPER slow, even on a an uncrowded weeknight. But if you want a decent place to grab a beer and bar food after work, I would come back here for sure, especially if there is no crowd.this place is always so so so crowded.  and no one is ever just, still, enjoying themselves.  everyones always either coming or going.  yuppies and snobs come here.  no one really dances.  its more of a scene than a good time.Dropped in at around 11pm on a Saturday night and it was really active, and had some great 70s and 80s playing.  You can be really dressed up or laid back and fit in fine.  They have a huge screen that they were projecting a college football game on if you wanted to watch that, plenty of people dancing on the second level.  We just got some 22oz bluemoons for $7 that they were selling at the door, so didn't get a good look at the drink selection.  Also, $40 min for credit cards.This place never lets me down. DJ plays really fun music (hip hop, mainstream, oldies, 90's!!) and though it wouldn't exactly be considered a club, people are still having a good time getting their groove on. Yes, it gets jam packed, but everyone seems to be happy so might as well strike up a conversation with that person awkwardly attached to your @ss. Good environment to hang out with friends, bring out of town guests, and mingle for you singles! 
PS: St. Patty's Day here is a BLAST!Good vibe there. Really enjoyed it once they moved the tables outta the way. Plethora of beer selections and the drinks were on point oh, and did I mention they have a stellar fireplace?! Cool spot!Great location, great building and decor, but honestly the bartenders who were working when I went were the rudest. I walked up to the bar and was basically yelled at for nothing. I understand there were a lot of people and it was crowded but that level of animosity was unnecessary and unappreciated.The Plough is so big and with the noise!  Because of it's prime Old City location, there is a high douchebag factor among the clientele.  On the plus side, they do have a lot of really great whiskey ( Red Breast, yum!) and can pour a decent Guiness.   The food ain't bad but I would only go here if I was really out of ideas.So it  was a random night and i need to get to old town.  The menu seemed very well versed and delicious.  So i ordered the salmon... to my disappointment, the fillet came out in pieces and the rice was undercooked and seemed to have been sitting under a lamp for a while. i politely refused the dinner and ordered there chicken, our waitress was apologetic and prompt.  When it came out, it was much much better dish.  All and all not a terrible experience but i hear its a better bar.The Plough & The Stars is kind of an Old City standby for me, and since I'm on this mission to avoid being a "regular" anywhere this year and to force myself to try new places, it is surprising I even made it in here today. But my mom and I were looking for a spot to duck into this afternoon and when she mentioned that she was really freezing, my thoughts turned to that wonderful fireplace in the first floor of the Plough.
We were very pleased that there were empty tables right next to the fire, so we grabbed one. I feel like the fireplace alone is worth a star, it is so wonderful on a cold day. We ordered drinks and those were fine--mine was a port-based hot toddy. I wouldn't get it again but really that is my bad because the reason I didn't love it was that it was overly sweet, which I could have expected out of a port-based toddy.
My mom and I split an order of crab spring rolls. They should have been yum but they were total yuck. Like bad, mushy crabcake filling jammed into a soggy spring roll wrapper. YUCK!
I ordered a Bailey's creme brulee, though, and that was absolutely divine.
It annoys me that the menu is so hit-and-miss, but the wonderful fireplace will keep this place a go-to when I'm looking for somewhere cozy in this area in the winter.Decent, pretty average food, nice selection of beers both on draft and bottled. We enjoyed sitting outside and people watching. It's true that this place turns into a bar later on in the night, but it's nothing too special. It's not crappy enough to be a dive but not nice enough to be a trendy bar. It is what it is. The burger is rather small, FYI.Holy smokes this place is amazing. Let me eat and then I'll yelp.We ate here on a recent sunny Sunday afternoon because we noticed the charming outdoor seating. I really like the captain's chairs! We were seated inside first with the promise of going outside when a table opened up and sure enough, we made it out there in about 15 mins. The brunch menu looks really good and I wished I tried the french toast with special daily topping of bananas carmelized in Bailey's. Darn. I got the crispy chicken salad though. It was okay, not terrible, but something was off. I think the chicken could use more seasoning for sure because it was bland when I ate it without dressing. Also, the lemony parmesan vinaigrette was a little overwhelming but it could be because I asked for more. However, when more came out, it was gelatinous in the little cup. Vinaigrette? Oh well. 
The wait staff was great, except for one waiter whom I overheard in a snarky voice say, "Worse hostess ev-er," as I walked out of bathroom and the hostess had just left that area. Not nice, waiter, not nice.
Inside is pretty cool. I would hang out here. They played what sounded like Irish music, but contemporary, on the PA system. Heard a bad word in the music so parents be warned. No biggie to me though.Went here for the first time last night. Beautiful space. Friendly bartenders. The Irish mule is my new fave drink, and it's a drink I've never seen on another drink menu! Lots of short and tall round tables to gather a few friends and have some drinks. We went on a Friday night and they had a DJ and he was playing some great songs! I've had calamari at just about every nice restaurant in the city, and their calamari is easily Top 2. Chicken tenders are the best I've ever had, no frozen garbage- they were so fresh! Will def be back!The  food is excellent and so was the service.  Our favorite restaurant when we come to Philly.I prefer this place on weekdays only. It's less crowded and they usually have a few good beers at happy hour prices. There's more of a mixed crowd during the week- young, old, families with kids. Service has always been good. 
On weekends, however, this place turns into the typical Old City club atmosphere. Lots of young drunk kids. Most from the burbs or NJ. It's very loud and crowded, you can't walk without dancing drunk girls falling into you, and there's a long wait for drinks. The outside seating is nice when it's warm outside.Delicious shepherd's pie, good drinks and nice ambiance. Will go back to this one when in PhillyWe had the tapas plate and that was very good. We also tried the curry fries which was regular fries with a side dish of curry flavored broth to dip the fries in. I was expecting more of a creamy curry but it was more the consistency of malt vinegar. The side of curry was $4. I liked the flavor but because of the consistency, I would not get it again. We enjoyed the outside seating since it was a very pleasant evening.Best Guinness Draught outside of Dublin. Great food selection. The Guinness casserole is a must. Excellent service.Went for: Drinks
A great place if you are looking for a dimly light room, with people having fun and dancing OR some nice high-top tables outside on 2nd. 
Been here a few times and have fun each time. Drinks are resonable and it has a fun environment to it. 
There are two levels to the place with high open ceilings. People dance through out, but there is a main section on the first floor for dancing.Went for lunch on 4th of July.  Asked if we could sit out side. no one else was there.  Got the OK.  Waited for 15 minutes. No one came out to wait on us  or even give us menus.  My husband went in to get someone to bring us menus.  Waited some more.  No on came out to ask us if we wanted drinks or offer us water. Another couple came along and sat down outside.  A waitress came out and started to wait on them.  I signaled to her and she gave me a smart answer.  I got up and as I was leaving I said the the clueless manager.  I am leaving because of this smart mouth waitress and becaurse your service sucks.  He looked at me like a deer in the headlights.  If you are going to manage a restaurant Pal get a clue.  If you want decent service and some respect with your lunch don't go here.I'm in Philly for work. This place is right around the corner from my hotel, Sheraton Society Hill. They have good house baked breads and and service was friendly. A small but decent winelist.
I ordered the striped bass. Very mild but it was decent. 
I'd come here again for cocktails but not an entree. It looks like it can get very lively at this place during the late evenings.This is merely a review for the nightlife. I somehow always end up here when bar hopping in Old City. It's never too packed inside, and the music is an array of 90's to top 40. They pour a decent drink and you easily find seats if necessary.
They have tons of tables outside for when the weather is nice and you want to do some serious people watching, I actually think this is what always attracts me and then I end up just staying indoors because I forget to put my name in for a table.
I would recommend coming here if you're with a big group or even an older crowd, because the music isn't too loud and the bar is never too packed so you can easily get a drink. Also a decent date spot, to grab a drink after dinner or something because of the same qualities.I love the atmosphere of this place (the fireplace is awesome) - and the food is not bad. I have been several times over the last couple of months (for dinner or Sunday brunch, not when it's packed on a Saturday night) but no one ever seems to acknowledge that fact. A "nice to see you again" would go a long way.
In fact, the staff seems incredibly aloof and terribly uninterested.Good place to go for beer and pub food. We were there for a birthday party which was a bar only event. Got there early enough to have some food. I ordered the Plough Tapas plate which was very good. Nice amount of roasted peppers, olives, hummus, mozzarella (fresh), and smoked salmon. I had an order of their buffalo wings and wasn't very impressed. They were heavily breaded with sauce poured over. Not a big fan of breaded wings. My son had the shepherds pie which he said was very good. Nicely done crust and excellent savory flavor inside.A friend and I dined here during Happy Hour. It was my first time and I had heard good things, so I was pretty excited. I can't believe I've walked past this place so many times and never gave it a second thought. Anywho, one of my coworkers raved about their chicken wings and once I saw that they were $5, I just had to! I typically do not like buffalo sauce but our waitress convinced me to get their homemade buffalo sauce on the side. Oh so goooood. It's more sweet and spicy, than usual buffalo sauce. I also ordered a garden salad, which was less exciting. Ohhh but those wings tho...
Friendly staff. Very slow service and it was hardly crowded. Thankfully, my dining partner and I had a lot to catch up on, so it worked out just fine. Our waitress did tell us that she's new, so she got a pass. She was very nice and took care of us pretty well. My order got messed up and she offered us both free dessert. There were a couple other hiccups, but not worth detailing. She was very apologetic.
Overall, nice experience. Definitely would consider dining here again. And psst -- try those buffalo wings.Dont know why this place has only 3 stars.  The inside is really quite nice with a great fireplace and plenty of seating options.  
Menu is good, if maybe a little over priced.  Would be a good date locale, not a realistic drinking spot.The Plough & The Stars is an Irish restaurant that's been at its current location for at least ten years, and maybe longer.  It's a good size, and has a downstairs floor and bar, and an upstairs mezzanine that overlooks the 1st floor.  They have a good beer selection, and a full bar, and you're likely to see a soccer or rugby game on the TV's they have.  This is a bar/restaurant, and it does both very well.  They have a number of different events, such as live music, at times, so check the website!  The wood burning fireplace is also a nice touch in the winter.  
We went for brunch, and had a nice variety of soup, omelets, and eggs benedict, as well as some mimosas.  Nothing remarkable, but overall good food in a nice atmosphere.  The location is close to the Ritz movie theaters in the area, as well as all the other Old City attractions.Been here at least three times. Not really a mixed crowd, mainly whites which is cool with me since I go to a predominately white school lol. Great thing about this place is there is no cover charge! If you're a cheapo like me and my friends broke asses than this is a pretty cool spot. Drinks and shots range from $6-8. They play a lot of techno and older pop music. Every time I go here there are always random people making out on the dance floor like its nobodies business. The bartenders are awesome! We got served pretty quick on both floors. I only like going here when I'm already drunk because I don't too much care for the music. If you're into old pop songs and techno then you'll like it here.Great atmosphere, great staff and great prices!  I organized a meetup group here that was supposed to be about 40 people on a Thursday night. They were extremely accommodating and reserved several bar tops for us. While the group ended up being much smaller, the Plough helped us have a great night 
I absolutely recommend this placeplough has an awesome beer selection! lots of
different varieties to choose from and friendly
bar staff. the place is huge and very pretty. I was only here on xmas eve for drinks but would love to go back to eat.We last night. Not thrilled about this place. Not sure what all the hype is about. It's so squished in the bar that you can barely walk around. Also not really sure where the dance floor is so people kind of just dance in place. Bartender was nice though. No cover.Two New Yorkers go out on the town in Philly. Knowing the bars close earlier in Philly, they decide to leave a little earlier than usual for more fun time. They get to Philly around 10:30 and only end up searching for bars around 11. Everything is completely empty and deserted except for this place. What is going on? On a Friday night? 
Also had a hard time locating this place since the address stated 2nd street when the entrance is actually on the perpendicular street. Good times though, these New Yorkers were happy to find this place and party Philly-style. Surprising to see boys actually dancing- great place to people-watch. 
Poo on the bartenders for saying they weren't allowed to serve tap water, they could only sell bottled water. Isn't that against the law? 
Great music though, and fun crowd.The Plough has always been one of my go to spots for food, drinks and football (soccer) and rugby matches.   Yesterday I went for dinner and was totally blown away.  The food was always good but last night was fantastic.  Seems the original chef is back and I am impressed.  I had a pork ribeye that was just perfect.  Nicely browned, juicy and very flavorful.  If my mother made pork, it would have been like this.   I ended the meal with my favorite dessert, creme brûlée.  Soft custard and a nicely caramelized top.   
Of course I'll be back.Every time my friends and I used to go here, after  about a 1/2 hour or so into the visit, we would look at each other with puzzled faces and someone would always ask..."Why are we here again?"  Thats how I would sum this place up.  One thing that is always consistent is that at some point during your drop in you are guaranteed to hear "Livin' on a Prayer"  or some other vag friendly cover band staple. 
I will say I do like the tiny stools that appear to be really awkward from afar but actually end up being pretty legit.The Guinness casserole is the best example of a beef and Guinness dish I've had since actually being in Ireland.Plough and the Stars was the place I started going to when I got too old for Mad River.  True story.
Over the years, I've returned occasionally to get my drink on.  It gets super packed on weekend nights, but I've always enjoyed myself.  If 23 year old Jill L was writing this, she would have given it 5 stars.
This past Sunday, my husband and I stopped in for a late lunch and a couple of beers.  It felt weird to be here in the daylight.  Without the drunken haze, I could see that Plough and the Stars actually has a pretty awesome line up of beers on tap.  Also, the food we ordered (a tapas plate of hummus, pita, olives, prosciutto, roasted peppers, and mozzarella) was quite delicious.  I could go for some of that hummus right now.
They also had a huge screen playing the Olympics, which was pretty cool.  I could definitely see myself stopping by here again for some daylight food and drinks in the future.I stopped in here and though it was pretty good atmosphere. Wasn't bothered to much had a drink a bit expensive but whats to expect in ol' city.
Worth Checking out.Great food, Great Service, Great atmosphere.  Took a chance and stopped by to check out their "Irish Music Sundays"  and was very happy we did.  The Servers couldn't have been more helpful .  Not only was the Guinness casserole fantastic, but the fish and chips were delicious and they serve some of the best brown bread, and soda bread I've ever tasted.  So good we bought a loaf to take home.  Will definitely be back, and with my fiddle!!This has two levels, and is always a fun place to end up on a weeknight. BUT, this place is so confusing. They call themselves an Irish Pub, but this is not the place to go if you just want to chill with a drink; it's always crowded, and seating is almost non-existent.
Now, if you came here to dance, then this wouldn't be a problem. The DJ is always good, but now the problem is.... where's the dance floor? Oh, there is none. People just dance in random pockets throughout the place, which can be REALLY awkward because more likely than not you are dancing next to a giant group of standers.
Still, for some reason, this place is always fun. I can't really explain why, but it is.Plough & the Stars was this season's pick for Restaurant Week.  If this were a fantasy foot ball team, I'd be right at the middle of the pack.
The interior is beautiful, a two story room with a balcony used for dinner with high windows, crown molding and plaster details all around.  The outside seating area has high top tables and chairs with umbrellas, and, even though you line the sidewalk, are set back enough that you don't feel in the middle of 2nd St. foot traffic.
When we arrived, the music was a tape of traditional Irish folk music, but by the time we finished the DJ had come in and was playing some really annoying 90's pop music (read: C&C music factory).  Supposedly they have live Irish folk music on some nights...
The service was great, the hostess seated us right away, and our waitress was super attentive and offered both solicited and unsolicited suggestions from their special RW menu.  Both food and drink came very quickly.
Unfortunately, we were seated on the upper level right outside the kitchen; we had bags of trash walked by us, huge trays of dishes (one clinked and I got some old-meal juice in my hair), and the entire restaurant staff paraded by us continually.  Normally, especially during RW, I wouldn't be as annoyed by this, but the rest of the balcony was empty save one table of 8 on the other end.
The food was also spotty, my monk fish and scallops meal was pretty darn salty, something echoed by the server after the fact and some friends who've eaten there previously.  BUT, the scallops were done perfectly with a nice seared crust and not over cooked.  The accompanying corn salsa was super yummy, helped to cut some of the saltiness, and was a really interesting texture and taste difference with the fish.  The boyfriend's steak was amazingly yummy, though the menu said it came with a bleu cheese sauce of some kind which neither of us could see.   Our appetizers (spring rolls and their avocado mousse) were pretty to look at, but very tasteless.  
Desert was amazing: A sampler plate of chocolate truffle, creme brulee and a fruit filo thingy that were all to die for.
Great beer selection, okay wine selection (for the non-wino) and an okay short order menu would make me more likely to return for happy hour or the last stop an old city drinking tour.I think its great here! Good food, good atmosphere, great drinks! Fun time and good place to have a drink. Service isnt that good but food is!The Plough is a trendy little spot downtown in the heart of it all. I only went for drinks and sat outside. So I didn't get or give the full monty. Drinks were as I expected priced to panache. But they were good and being amongst the living city is such a delight. Times slips away as you sit and gaze upward and onward into the city lights.Came here for lunch on a Saturday and really liked the environment. The layout of the bar/restaurant was open but still managed to have a cozy feel. I had the chicken prosciutto panini and it was not good at all. Did not have any flavor and I didn't eat the rest of the sandwich :( I would go back for drinks though but definitely not foodFound the Plough on Yelp while exploring the city. The brunch was fantastic , Niall our waiter was friendly and took good care of us as he explained about the history of this interesting space. We enjoyed a basket of delicious brown bread while awaiting our brunch choices.  My wife and son enjoyed the French toast, which was prepared perfectly, soft and sweet inside with a toasty exterior. The little ones had kids burgers that were big enough for any adult and accompanied by crispy fries. I had the omelet, a fantastic blend of eggs and bangers with chunks of melted bleu cheese offset by subtle sweetness of pears and apples. A Side of roasted potatoes that rounded out a great meal. I can't wait to go back !Watched the world cup final here and just getting around to reviewing this place.  Given how absolutely packed the place was that day, service was still really good.  The food was also prepared well and was well received by three weary Philadelphia tourists.
I'd definitely go back.  Great pub.I'll start by saying they were busy. Game day live had just finished and there were lots of ND and Temple fans in the house. It was also the Rugby World Cup and there were plenty of fans there to watch that too. We were seated immediately which was great. The restaurant was decorated fabulously for Halloween. A nice Fire was going and the waitstaff were all in costumes. Pretty cool place but it took 25 minutes to order my first drink. The waitress apologized and said she would be back to get out order. Ten minutes later, we're at 35 minutes now, we finally ordered our food and I ordered another Mimosa just in case it took a bit. And we waited and waited a little more. Another waitress delivered our food. I got the "special French toast" served with fresh strawberries, blueberries, cream and raspberry sauce. But there was no raspberry sauce and it took so long for our waitress to come back I just ate it as it was. My BF got the fish and chips. The fish portion was huge and chips excellent. He also has a bayou Bloody Mary which he said was good. I want to go back and try brunch again. I'm hoping that they just weren't prepared for the crowd.Good food with excellent presentation. Best chicken wings, great burgers, and Irish curry. Very friendly service and clean. We were pleasantly surprised with the overall experience.I came here with an older crowd that had mentioned Plough and the Stars for its draft beer menu. It was a Thursday night, and we were seated outside as it was beautiful out.  It was extremely apparent that our waitress was brand new, she recieved no help fro other servers and was flustered the entire time.  
Being that my group was excited about the draft list, we immediately each ordered a different beer.  It was also apparent that our waitress had no knowledge of the menus, not being able to differentiate between a cider and an ale... once our orders were placed, we were then informed that 4 of the kegs had tapped, and were not informed of the replacement.  
Overall the service here was not good, I would not recommend this based off my experience, though I would give this place another try as the server was new, and it was not her fault that kegs tapped.So, heard about the Plough. Not sure they know what their identity should be. They are on a street with pubs and tattoo parlors with servers beckoning us to come in.   Sunday, we  wanted to watch the Eagles.  Not really the place, only one oddly placed HUGE tv. but, no big deal - we were hungry and i heard it was good. Some of the food was great some was so-so. .  Chicken corn chowder almost, almost as good as my grandmas.   my friend got shepherds pie,   awesome.  I got steak and frites.  it was a late Sunday brunch.  here is where they fell down.  all tables around us were getting this quaint bread service.  irish soda bread and a raisin bread delivered from a basket with tongs. we watched other tables get it.  NOT US. so, we asked our server - "oh, do you want some?"  duh!, yea.   so, we got some, delivered on a plate,  not the same service, but delicious.  Ice teas not refilled til we called our server over. Food good, but odd, my steak was cut WITH the grain  which made it less than tender. (cut the leftovers with the grain, better, but not great). So food average,  was OK. However, our server was either new or had a rough saturday night - we have all been there. she seemed a little lost.    liked it, it was Ok, but will go on to the next place on the list next week.Based on my five-course vegan prix-fixe dinner there, 5 stars easily. 
One minor note: at dinnertime, please do not air local news on your TVs. Violence and kidnapping stories are not what I need to watch as I sit down to dinner. Fortunately, I went with two friends on a nice May day and we were able to avoid the local news by sitting outdoors.
Some highlights of a great meal:
Tomato gazpacho: Lisa Simpson's favorite bbbq party food was perfect. Just right. The nacho chips served with it were the perfect finishing touch.
Vegan quesadillas: very good. Oddly Thanksgiving-like. I really liked the guacamole that came with it. The chef raised the game with that.
The three components of the dinner course were great. Spaghetti squash with a delicious peanut sauce. Savory Sheperd's pie. Topped off with an excellent vegan crab cake. Crab cakes are clearly better vegan, why on Earth are we still killing crabs?
For dessert, I had the avocado lime cheesecake. It was great though I preferred the chocolate cheesecake my friend let me try from her plate.
The vegan prix-fixe meal at Plough and the Stars is now firmly entrnched on the Philly must-do list.I came here for a Happy Hour with a bunch of my co-workers. I started the night off drinking the bartenders draft recommendation and then moved on to the Bud Light special for $3 or something. After a few drinks I started to get a littel hungry and ordered the chicken wings which were part of the happy hour special (something like 5 bucks for 5 wings or something). The wings were amazing. Without a doubt some of the best wings I have ever eaten. They were perfectly cooked and super crispy. What made them unique was the sweet buffalo sauce that they were coated in. I love regular buffalo wings, but these were amazing and went so well with the blue cheese dressing. 
I can see myself coming back here very soon to drink some beers and eat some incredible wings.The friendliest bar in the city of brotherly love. The bartenders are friendly and your glass will never be empty (unless you want for it to be empty). The groups of regular customers who sit at the bar are very cool, too. They had a traditional Irish brunch last Sunday, complete with blood pudding and brown bread.One of my go-to olde city faves! Not too low key, but not too pretentious. Perfect.Oh how I love this place, food is amazing,service is amazing. I mean what else can a girl ask for? Definitely 5 stars. I will eat here everyday if could.In comparison to the other bars in Olde City around that area, it's a nicer looking bar. The bartenders were nice, and drinks were cheap, but just a few dollars more than the other bars ($17 for 3 vodka tonics/seltzers). It's pretty big, and it's never been packed the times I have gone. Then again, I usually go earlier in the evening. The crowd is a little better than some of the other places.Great place!!!  So many times, bars come in 2 flavors-the "icky" dark closet like bar and the youth group bar.  This bar is absolutely perfect!!!  Friendly. Clean.  Good food.  Very well made drinks.  Nice staff.  What a real bar is supposed to be!!!Decided to go here with my boyfriend for restaurant week. Very hard to find if you go by GPS. Our server was Jess and she seemed as if she was rushing us out and being in the industry I would understand if they were busy but there weren't many people in there. She also didn't give us much time to look at the menu after we asked for a minute to check it out. While eating my appetizer she asked if I was done and before I could even answer went and grabbed my plate. It's just rude. The food wasn't anything special either. I don't know if it's just because I had high expectations with it being restaurant week, but cream fresh shouldn't be considered a main part of your dessert sampler.Ive only been here to grab drinks and not eaten here. I like the layout of the place and I am impressed that it has a second level which gives it a more upscale feel. The drink prices were reasonable 6 dollars for a Guinness draft. The service  was good and the DJ was good but I dont think it is a place to go to if you like to dance.I am over 40.... better start with that fact, lol.  This is a dark, interesting-looking space, once the Corn Exchange a long time ago.  So the wall columns and ceiling carvings are beautiful.  There is an open ground-floor bar space with some tables, and a second-floor loft space with more tables.  My wife and I were seated up there on this holiday-weekend Sunday night as I asked for a less-noisy area.  That gave us a good view of the architectural details, which are probably hard to see from down below.  It was still loud up there, and that is with an acoustic group playing intermittently below, but we could converse easily, so that was good.
My wife had eaten here for lunch once and liked it.  I don't want to be too harsh based on one dinner; but I would have to call the dinner-menu food make-pretend.  We will make pretend we can do serious dining food, and you can make pretend that is what you are eating.  A $22 salmon and sautéed spinach entree had very little to recommend it.  Dry rice, decent sautéed spinach, below-average salmon with crabmeat, I think; a day later and I can't even remember what the little extra aspect was.  A house salad was fair-minus; the blue cheese crumbles were sparse and had little flavor.  How can a restaurant miss with blue cheese?
The service from Kaitlynn was very good and the space has its good points, plus a friendly ambience.  We enjoyed the acoustic music, and our table along a big upstairs banquette was nice and intimate, no one near us at all.  So I would try the Plough once more but would only order off the bar menu.  A table near us got huge platters of fried-looking stuff, which we were told was fish-and-chips only listed on the bar menu.  Wish we'd known there was such a thing!  Probably better choices -- ask for that bar menu.
Btw, the address is 123 Chestnut, but it is located on 2nd Street just across from Sassafras.Not sure why I keep going back here.
The first time I was here, it was so crowded that I couldn't get ONE drink. The second time I went here my friend stepped on a large piece of glass, I had to rinse her foot under the sink in the ladies room, then pay for a cab to the emergency room so she could get 4 stitches. The third time I went here I got two drinks spilled on me and left with shards of glass in my shoes.
I really want to like this place because it has the potential to be really fun... but I just haven't had that experience yet.
I like to give the benefit of the doubt that I will have a good experience here one day.This isn't a bad place to hang out.  It's humungous and has outdoor seating, which is always good.  The drinks are okay, the food is okay.  It's not my favorite place to go out in the city, but it's still a good time.  It can get pretty crowded, though, and even though there's a lot of space, it's hard to find a place to sit when it's crowded on a weekend night, so you just have to find a spot on the floor to stand awkwardly with your friends.  I've been there when it's not crowded, and I like that better.  I'm a big fan of having a table and a place to sit.This bar has an actual open fireplace! It was about twenty degrees outside so walking into a warm bar with and open fire was awesome. It was busy and there was a good mix of clientele and the drink prices were reasonable. I didn't eat there but the food look good. The tables by the fire are small but there is an upstairs spot with full size tables.I'll make this short. Nice upscale Irish Pub. Upscale pub grub but at a moderate price. Best omelette EVER! Our bartender was a 1/2 Irish lass with a bit of accent. Great traditional Irish music in the background... like it should be. 
I'll visit again for another omelette before we leave the city.The Plough has been our go-to Mother's Day brunch place for years. It has been sliding downhill for the past few, but we tried to stay loyal. After yesterday, never again. There was a hair in one order of Eggs Benedict, my brunch was lost ( literally) through the night, and the Omelette of the day was simply folded over eggs with ham stuck in the middle. The Jumbo Lump crabmeat with the eggs was neither jumbo nor lump, but a smashed, fried, flat cake of the cheapest crabmeat you can buy.  Our server was obviously good because the tables in front of and behind us were very well served . Our table however, was a different story. One of us asked for water 3 times, but never received it. the other two tables were all served water which they never touched because they didn't ask for it. They were served a basket of bread; we had to ask a food-runner for ours. They tried to confirm our reservations for 2 p.m. on the day before, but mistakenly had us down for 12:30.  Huh???  We also had to wait 20 minutes at the bar for our table. It seems as if no-one involved in food service cares any more. They still have a great Guinness, but I've had my last meal there.This is a spot that is exactly what it says on the label. It's an Irish-American pub with some interesting specials. Service is fine and the food is quite good! Not cheap enough to be a regular hangout, but not quite special enough for a special occasion. It is, however, still a tasty option.My friend won a gift card here so we decided to stop in for Restaurant Week. I'm admittedly not a fan of Irish pubs so I had never visited before.
We were in late on a weekday eve and only a couple other people were at the bar.  It was a quiet pleasant meal but I'm not sure how the experience would compare at a busier time. 
The food wasn't bad. The service was friendly. Overall not my first choice to visit but not a bad experience.Okay so my friends and I have trashed and owned this place at the same time because everytime we go, every guy (including the staff) thinks we are lesbians! LOL! and nooo we did not kiss on the dance floor either. They actually think we are lesbians. But aside from that, Plough is one of those places in Philly you can go to to get completely trashed and meet douchebags from NJ. So if you are looking forward to running into douchebags and dancing all night long, then this IS the place for you!**review for nightlife only**
Great place to go in olde city when you have friends in town and they want to go out to the city on a weekend. Love the music there, and have been there quite a few times on a weeknight and always had a good time. It is pretty difficult to get to the bar and get drinks, though, since it's always crowded in there.Great room great atmosphere! Hummus plate for appetizer was awesome, it also had roasted peppers n mozz, artichoke hearts, olives and prosciutto. I had the seafood special lobster, scallops and shrimp in a tasty sauce w/ rice. The valentine had the pasta special, pasta primavera type dish she enjoyed. Our waitress, Rosemarie provided excellent service and has a great personality.This is an Irish restaurant? Having never eaten here I guess I'll have to take their word on this but the things I've seen of the place don't really jive with that description to me. Anyway, we came here at night so I guess we were here for the nightlife persona of this place. Similar to National Mechanics, it becomes something of a nightclub later at night. It was crowded and loud when we walked in. The arrangement seemed pretty chaotic with no real clear designation for bar patrons versus the dancing, glitterati crowd. Whereas I like National Mechanics every now and then, I didn't enjoy the club vibe here. Maybe I'm getting old but I like my Irish pubs with less glamour, more grit.Plough is a great place especially in the summer. They have a great brunch menu (crab cakes Benedict is my fave). I've been there for dinner once and also had a great time but I like to walk up w my dog around 1 on a Sunday, grab a table outside and drink/eat and hang out. I don't recommend it for a normal bar on a fri or sat night as it seem to be more of a club than pub scene but if that's your thing i do know people who hang out there during those nights and always have a good time. A lot of local phila union players hang out there. Def worth checking out!My friend & I came here for brunch last weekend.  We were quickly sat upstairs (we thought about sitting outside but the weather was being a little iffy).  Immediately, I noticed their brunch cocktails like a Bloody Maria (a bloody with tequilla instead of vodka).  Everything on the menu sounded great as well.  Our waitress came quickly and that's where things got....interesting.  Im not sure if it was her first day or if she just wasnt that bright. We ordered a bloody & a mimosa, but she brought over two bloody Mary's.  She apologized, brought over a mimosa & asked if we had any questions on the menu.  When asked what the specials were for the day (they have a daily omelette and a frittata special), she looked at us like we asked her to explain nuclear physics to us.  She said she needed to find out, ran downstairs & told us the specials.  While everything sounded great, we both ordered the vegetable frittata.  Our waitress came back about a minute later to let us know that the frittata had eggs in it and wanted to make sure we were ok with that.  We weren't really sure how to respond to that but just said it was fine as frittatas usually contain eggs.  I'm guess she had no idea what a frittata was, as she came back to ask us how we wanted our eggs. After some discussion/us not being sure how to answer, she went to ask the chef what a frittata was. Long story short, we got our frittatas and they were GREAT! Everything was really good, and even though our waitress was a bit of a space cadet, I'll give her a pass as I hope it was her first day.  Check it out sometime!My favorite place to go out in Philadelphia. The music can be from 70s to now. The crowd is always great. The snakebite was my favorite drink.We went here for my lovely cousins start of her bachelorette evening- We made our reservations but due to the traffic on the streets some of the ladies were late- which means we were late ordering- the waiting staff was not to happy with us.  The selection of food was average-but they were not flexible if wanting to substitute any thing on the main courses.  Choices of wine was minimal- but mixed drinks were made well.  Out waitress was not pleasant- but we did have one waiter who was extremely nice and attempted to fix the flickering light bulb above us the entire time.  Eventually he brought us over numerous candles.  We were rushed- when the larger party next to us was clearing out- and they wanted to start clearing up the dining area to let the dance crowds in- Us ladies made the best of it.  Although service was rough- and it was extremely loud- the food was good.  It definitely did not put a damper into our night of fun!This place was awesome! We happened to come across it while walking and decided to check it out. When we walked inside there was a very warm fire. We sat down and the server was great he got everything we requested without any mistakes or hesitation. The food was way better than expected. Definitely one of the favorites in Philly.I really liked this place. Our server was amazing very quick with a drink and funny to boot. We were outside so I cant say much about the inside except that they have nice bathrooms and it seemed like a little bit of a meat market/frat party vibe in there. The french fries were delicious but the curry topping which we got on the side was pretty watery I am assuming its not meant to be put on the side but oh well. A great experience with exceptional service.I came here on a Saturday night around 12. I'm usually not a fan of Philly, but I loved this place!
Apparently, it used to be a bank and it's really cool outside. Two rum and cokes....$13. They were okay, but I prefer a bartender with a heavy hand.  But I did get a drink quickly. The crowd is pretty good, a quality mix of girls and dudes. Downstairs is more chill, and we ventured upstairs, but the temperature was 20 degrees higher up there. The music was pretty awesome, I agree with the post below about elbows...I almost lost my drink. Attire? Some people were wearing jeans, some were wearing dresses, so either goes! The bouncers were cool too. Oh also, no cover!
I'd say it's a good place to check out if you're in PhillyWhat an awesome place with awesome food!  4 of us dined here and we all loved our meals equally.   I had the Guinness Casserole which was Cubes of Beef Slowly Braised with Guinness, Pearl Onions & Carrots with Mashed Potatoes.  It was delicious.  The service was tops.   Happy people with happy attitudes!  The atmosphere was "hip" and elegant at the same time.  What more can you ask for?We primarily came here for drinks and bar food. The outdoor seating area was fantastic on a warm summer night. We ordered Malbec wine (so-so) and Fish & Chips, Shepard's Pie and Plough wings.
The food was good, I specifically relished the Shepard's pie with mashed potatoes on top of ground beef. Service was a bit careless though. The waitress forgot to replenish water even after asking her a couple of times.At the last minute, we decided to go to Philadelphia for St. Patrick's day.  We started out our day at the Plough & the Stars.  If you know me, you know I dislike crowds.  Don't ask me why I agreed to go to Irish places on St. Patrick's day.  Well, I'll tell you...  I was trying to keep the wife slightly happy with me for at least twenty minutes a day.  Eventually I'll work my way up to a half hour without her being disappointed in me...  
Anyways, this place is crowded and people standing everywhere.  There was a breakfast earlier and some of those people were still eating.  I asked fora table to the hostess and was told that people made reservations months ago.  We wanted food and while deciding what to do, we were able to get a high top by the door.  I asked the hostess if we could get food service there and they made it happen!  We ordered food and even let some other people sit at out table with us.  It turned out to be a great experience.  The food was great and they people were too.  Was the best stop on our own St. Patrick's Day crawl.Great atmosphere for the younger crowd (mid 20s). They always have good music playing later in the evenings and they aren't too expensive. One of my go to bars for weekends in the cityAs soon as we entered we were greeted with the option to buy drinks at the door (we couldn't say no). After going upstairs we had a server approach us who was extremely friendly and who continued to check if we needed anything throughout the night. The downfall was there were no drink specials but overall a pretty good experience.Why am I reviewing this?? So you don't make the same mistake I did. What dumbass orders tapas at an Irish bar? The one who hates potatoes...me.... Yes, resist the temptation of ordering the tapas plate; it's the equivalent of jarred olives and stale pita bread.  When it says known for Irish fare, stick to the obvious, potatoes. I actually felt bad when the waitress noticed I didn't eat anything on my plate and when she asked how it was, I told her it was awful.  I'm sure she wanted to smack me upside the head and I deserved it.  She offered to take it off the bill but I knew it was my fault and paid for the gruel. 3 stars becaue the waitress was nice.I was feeling cold and needed soup.. this place had decent ones... the sangria was not bad and they played irish music. it great