Incredible brunch. The birthday cake waffles are a must try!  Also had the French onion omelette and wings. Can't say enough great things about the good. Atmosphere is great too. Absolutely try this place.No credit card minimum! Which is awesome, atmosphere was great. I really wish they had half stars because I'd probably give it 3.5  The crowd got dense as it got later and it was little hard to maneuver around. Little pricey but that could've been what I was drinking.The Gaslight more than lived up to my high expectations once it opened up in Old City. The Old World theme is well executed, the service is friendly, the beer list is great. The pulled duck flatbread was delicious, and I look forward to coming back for a full meal. Old City is lucky to have this quality new addition.Amazing service, hardworking staff worth coming here just for that reason!!! Not to mention a busy bar with trendy decor and good bar food.made an reservation on open table just to grab something to eat before seeing a movie. was sat immediately when we arrived, and greeted by our server quickly too. had a lot of questions about sizes, sharing etc with the menu and Brittany our server was on top of it and was able to recommend awesome menu items. everything came out very quick and tasted delicious! drinks never ran out and we made it out in time to see our movie without running to the ritz cause we didn't have to wait around for our check.Vibe: breezy outdoor seating, great people watching, fun, friendly, romantic french music but casual atmosphere 
Cocktails: Beware some wines are on tap! Great craft cocktails without pretension (go for the old fashioned) 
Service: Super busy day in the city when we went, but had no trouble getting drinks, water, checkins, when we needed them
Go or dont: Go, and sit outsideI had high hopes after hearing about the opening of a bar by a "top chef".   We started with two orders of wings and two of the dips.  The old school wings were awesome, but the whiskey-carmel mustard were too sweet and nothing special.  For my main course, I got the pulled duck sandwich.  The bread had zero taste, the duck was a little overcooked and the slaw was nothing to get excited about.
Drinks were good, but two of the beers I ordered were either sold out or kicked as my cup was poured (got that for free, thank you very much).
I would only go back for the old school wings and large beer selection.One of the best burgers I've had in Philadelphia! 
At one point, they were voted #4 best burger in America which I do believe they live up to that standard. The Mac and cheese was good too.
We went there for happy hour and thoroughly enjoyed their deals. The bartender and another asian bar manager I believer were very friendly, provided good insight on the menu and ensured our first experience at Gaslight was memorable.
The decor was very Nantucket and had a large bar with tons of seating around it.
We will surely be back.Great happy hour, never too crowded the couple times I have beenThis place was pretty awesome to get a drink and some dinner. My girlfriend and I went here last evening and we enjoyed our experience. We got there for Happy Hour, which has to be one of the best in the city! Three dollars on all draft and 4 dollar appetizers is pretty cool when you want to save a few pennies. We sat at the bar and our bartender was pretty awesome. She was very attentive and friendly toward us, she was just willing to chat.
The food was pretty good I would have to say. The cornbread with the bacon jam was a sweet and salty treat. Also, chicken nuggets with the BBQ sauce was great as well. My Mac N' Cheese entree was incredibly cheesy and I loved the cornbread dusting on it. This is probably a place I will frequent for a great happy hour down Old City.From the moment we walked in the door, I knew it was going to be an awesome night! The ambiance was just right- casual, dimly lit, romantic yet good for a group of friends too! We were greeted by a friendly hostess and decided to have a drink at the bar before being seated for dinner. It was a packed house on a Saturday night. After being seated, we ordered appetizers and our meals. The Polish style meatballs and the steak tartare were to die for! They're both a must try item! For our entree we both ordered the Gaslight burger which was amazing! Make sure to get dessert; it was incredible!! My boyfriend and I had a great time, the service and staff were fantastic and the food was out of this world delicious!! We will definitely be returning soon!People have said Philadelphia is not a friendly city, those people have not been to the Gaslight.  OMG they are so friendly here.
So after walking up & down the block 3 times trying to decide where to eat, we came here and sat at the bar.  First, let me say they have a terrific selection of libations and as soon as we sat down we had the bartenders attention.  Second, there is a hook under the bar for your purse (no hook is a pet peeve).
After listening to the specials, we ordered appetizers and drinks.  I had the 10¢ Glamour Girl - vodka, blueberry syrup, lemon & soda (I had 3). As an app. I ordered the 3 pickled vegetable plate.  I'm a vegetarian & when the dish came out the bartender told me one of the vegetables had been pickled with bacon.  The manager overheard our conversation & immediately brought me another option.  Great service!
As my main dish, I got the omelette special.  I was flipping through the pictures on YELP and was a little concerned when I saw two pictures of undercooked eggs.  I shouldn't have given it a second thought, my omelette was cooked perfectly.  It was so fluffy, stuffed with delicious zucchini, cherry tomatoes, caramelized onions & goat cheese.  It comes with their home potatoes & if you like spicy - try it with their homemade hot sauce.  DELICIOUS! The place is really cute and would be an excellent place for a date night.
Great food, great drinks & really great service, check it out next time you're in Old City.Do not get the chicken nuggets. They are disgusting. However the old fashioned is very strong and good bang for your buck.I really enjoyed being here the other night for Top Chef viewing party. I wasn't sure if they were going to be serving food or not since they arent technically open yet, but i was pretty happy to find out they were. There were all kinds of chefs in the crowd and Jason Cichonski was in the dining room all night talking to guests and hanging out. Seems like a pretty cool guy.
My fiance and I decided to order a few different things off of the small bites and dips section to share as well as a few of the $5 bourbon apple ciders they were offering up during the party. The drinks were awesome. Loved the bourbon touch. I looked at the regular cocktail menu, and it looked awesome. Some pretty unique drinks and descriptions were cool. 
On to the food. We ordered the charred eggplant salsa, half order of thai peanut wings, rueben rolls and onion rings. We loved the eggplant salsa and the three types of housemade chips that came with it, tortilla, rice crackers and pita. Didnt really think the rice crackers really went together with the eggplant salsa very well, but the pita chips were ridiculously good. 
The wings were pretty good. I loved the peanut sauce taste, but I wish they would have had some spice and garlic to them. When I think Thai flavors, I always look for the kick of spice and garlic and I was really missing it. The wings were cooked perfectly and sauced appropriately.
I loved the rueben rolls and the Russian dipping sauce it came with. The exterior was perfectly crunchy, a touch greasy though, but the inside was where the magic was. Chopped corned beef, mixed with the perfect amount of swiss cheese and enough sauerkraut to taste it, but not be overpowered by it. I would order these again in a heart beat.
The onions, oh my the onion rings. Outstanding! The best onion rings I have had in a long time. I am so sick of the beer battered mess you find elsewhere. These were breaded and fried perfectly crispy, then drizzled with a creamy yuzu aioli. And get this, chopped long hots on them as well to give them a bit of a spice whallop. Absolutely fantastic.
They had a really nice selection of canned beers on special too for the show. We decided to order a dessert halfway through the show to share. The desserts are seasonal puddings served in sugar cookie cups, what a cool concept. We ordered the banana pudding with peanut butter drizzle. Awesome banana flavor. Just enough peanut butter to taste it, but not overpower it. Really nicely done.
The service needs some work. Definitely pretty slow, but its new and not even officially open yet so I am sure it will get worked out. Our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and drinks though. I was very impressed. Definitely worth a visit. I think its going to be a hit!The only reason I'm giving this place 2 stars is because the food was not good. Chef clearly trying to think outside the box and experiment with new combinations, and it doesn't work. Gnocchi is not appetizing. Pasta Raghu is ok. Cheese and meat tray is very good. Menu is very small. They need some more options with better flavor combinations. Other than that, this place is beautiful inside. Great survive. Kind manager. Fix the menu with a new chef and I will be back.7/10 Old Fashioneds I order out suck. This place tastes just like I mix it up back home! Food was great, service was attentive and prices were as you'd expect.I've been here a few times, usually for the happy hour and to grab a burger after work. Generally, I've enjoyed everything that I had.
Even though the place was fairly crowded and there appeared to be only two servers on duty, our server "Alex" was very prompt and engaging. 
He let us know we were nearing the end of happy hour and that if we wanted something he could get us in before 7.  
Again, very prompt and engaging.
We placed an order for two drinks and two apps. 
The drinks were...ok.
Pretzel bites were tasty, the brussel sprouts although advertised with bacon and blue cheese were somehow still a bit bland.
I then ordered the Caprese Pasta, my daughter had the Crab Cake sandwich.
Although my daughter liked the crab, the pasta was very, very bad choice.
Caprese Pasta - Fresh Mozzarella cheese, tomatoe, arugula and pasta tossed in a basil lou sauce.
A bowl full of pasta.  Incredibly bland, tasteless, barely any arugula or tomatoes and a light, light dusting of cheese along with a few smallish mozza balls.
Alex, was kind enough to bring more arugula and cold tomatoes for me to dry and spice it up....however overall it's something I would go to great pains to avoid.
I don't waste food so I did get a box to go after eating about a 1/4 of it.  The homeless older fellow at the El was grateful, I'm glad someone was.Not very good! In fact, bad! Very bad!
We ordered our entrees and cornbread to come out before said entrees, yet when I'm almost done with my meal we reminded the dude about the cornbread and he admitted he forgot. He then went to put it in (so maybe we could have it as a dessert) and he forgot AGAIN and his excuse the 2nd time was that "there is a large party and he had to tend to them". I glanced over at the large party he was referring to and they also seemed disappointed, if not distressed over the unjust automatic gratuity they were sure to incur. 
No one ever asked how our food was, but to be fair if I cooked it I don't think I'd have the courage to ask either. The only benefit of the overcooked, terribly dry and virtually unsalted frittatas we received were all the egg dish puns I was able to make (not-a frittata) in a desperate attempt to laugh my way through one of the worst brunch creations I've had.  
The staff insisted on bringing the cornbread even though we were done and asking for the check so we entertained them by allowing that to happen. Billed as 'cornbread with butter & jam", the cornbread itself was very nice and well cooked, but the jam was an unwelcome bacon & jalapeno creation. I don't eat pork  but when something is listed as "jam", with no explanation, the customer isn't likely to surmise it has a meat product. Best of all...cornbread on the bill (no comps FOR THE WIN!) 
I won't be back unless someone gaslights me into doubting my memory and sanity.HORRIBLE all around. The staff is rude and unprofessional, the place is dirty, and the food is disgusting. Do not go give these stupid people your money!Service was extremely slow for an uncrowded Saturday afternoon.  We sat at the bar and only had drinks.   The cocktail list was creative and the menu looked great, food-wise.  We'll probably be back to try some bites - hopefully they'll figure out their service by then!Not impressed with overall experience. Came here initially to use free drink coupons we were given on what we found out to be the final days of PBR. Not holding that against this new establishment we gave it a go. 
Sat at bar, found beer selection to be pretty blah, bartender was not critical enough of choices when asked and said everything was good. This led to some choices we were less than happy with. Nothing wrong with offering tasters first to ensure you enjoy your $7 beer.
Burger came out on the well side when ordered medium. The fried chicken sam'wich fell apart on contact and was more bread than I desired. 
Fries were a bit burnt and of low temperature. 
This place has some work to do prior to go live if it wants to stick around in this foodie town.Great new place in Old City! Ambiance can be described as a classy pub. Service was friendly, cocktails were mixed well, and there were plenty of bartenders to help serve you when you needed a refill. The food was amazing - I had the Buttermilk Fried Chicken sandwich which was phenomenal. And whatever seasoning they put on their fries is addicting. My friend even ordered off-menu (burger on one of their biscuit buns), and they server and chef were happy to oblige. 
Only reason I'm giving 4 and not 5 stars is because the service was a tad slow (though it's probably just because they're so new), and because the salmon dish my girlfriend got was a bit on the meager side of portions given the price. Delicious, but just not as much food as we expected. 
Will definitely go back!Had the poorest service experience I can remember this afternoon. I came in alone with a reservation, and the restaurant was about 3/4 full. My waiter was polite, but the last thing he said to me between 1:00 and 1:35pm was, "I'll give you a minute to look at the menu."  Yes, he disappeared (not just from my table--from the whole dining room!) for 35 MINUTES, so long that I flagged down another server and just gave my order to her. When my server returned, he apologized for getting caught up with the large party at a nearby table, though he had not been helping them either.
I half expected I might get something comped given that when I asked for the check, I had been there for over an hour for an order of a fried chicken sandwich (which was the sole reason for the three star review), but no, I paid even for my cup of coffee.
I have been to the Gaslight 3 times now, and I will come back again one more time, but the lack of attention on the part of the waitstaff galls me.came here late in the night, but it seemed kinda empty for how late it ran. regardless, the food itself was delicious and we were accommodated just as wellAte here during happy hour last night and it was really really great!  They were super accomodating to us and our 8-month old daughter, even bringing out some of the most delicious mashed potatoes we've ever had, for her to eat.  Our waiter was super friendly and went above and beyond to make sure we had a great time!  The bartender was also really great and enthusiastic.
We had the original wings and the whiskey glazed ones, both were delicious and really meaty.  We ordered 2 dips (the dips are lower priced during hh) and enjoyed both very much, the French Onion Dip and the whipped foie gras.  I had the duck sandwich which came with fries and my husband had the lamb ragu, which came with an amaaaaazing garlic toast - they should offer that on the small bites menu if they're not already!  
We live in the neighborhood and are super happy with the upgrade to this restaurant.  We'll be back for sure!Soooo delicious! I came here tonight for a chocolate dinner and whiskey pairing and I am super satisfied. Who doesn't love chocolate?! The staff was very knowledgeable and friendly! I will definitely come back.What a disappointment, this place isn't anything like how it appears online! The menu is completely different, and just down right gross greasy bar food. Their beer offerings are pretty good so we got a couple pints and ordered the hummus plate in hopes of avoiding the fried crap.....worst hummus I have ever had, absolutely NO flavor to it. We finished our beers and went somewhere else to eat. Don't recommend this place to anyone.We came here for brunch on Sunday. I was very excited for the chicken and waffles. So I ordered them and when they came it's was just bad. The chicken wasn't seasoned at all and the waffles didn't taste like waffles. It was like eating cardboard. Maybe the waffle batter went bad or something. Chicken waffles is so easy to make I don't know how this was that bad. They were 16 dollars too! We should of stayed home and ate in. I give it three stars because of the bottomless mimosas.Nice atmosphere, however the food is very weak. I gave this place two tries because I love the chef's other restaurant (Ela), but The Gas Light just doesn't have it when it comes to food. Not a bad place for a drink though.Cozy atmosphere.   Great specialty beer selection.  Perfect location in the city.    Friendly staff.   Menu is small but food is awesome.   I love to visit often.   Vey good experience ever time.Meh.
It was an ok place. The drinks were ok, but the service seemed weirdly slow for such a small place.This was very disappointing food. I came for the brunch and was told it was good food. Very disappointed with the eggs Benedict. It came out cold. Ashame because I wanted it to be good.Wish I could post more Stars!!! Had dinner there last night! I had the pulled pork sandwich! It was excellent. The Dark and Stormy cocktail was to die for. The atmosphere is fun!! Haley is the best!! Will definitely make this a favorite spot!!Sadly, the food and service were subpar at Gaslight. Although the brunch menu was promising, the finished product underwhelmed. We came in for a Sunday brunch around noon. The place was pretty empty and we were seated quickly. However, despite being given menus, our order was not taken for another 15-20 minutes. I ordered a beer so that was great. I was, of course, intrigued by the "Redneck Benedict"
And immediately ordered it. In general, I almost always order a Benedict for breakfast. This one came with a cornbread muffin topped with sausage, Poached eggs and a sausage gravy. The food came out cold. Not warm, not Luke warm, just cold. That alone was a forgivable, by the flavor was not. The entire dish seemed to be unseasoned. The sausage patties tasted like unseasoned meat and were the consistency of hockey pucks. The eggs were ok, but again flavorless. The sausage gravy was nothing to write home about. It was, as almost all the other components of the dish were, seemingly unseasoned. The best part of the entire dish was the corn muffin/bread. The corn muffin/bread was slightly warm, and coincidently the only warm item in the plate. That part was very tasty. The dish was served with bland "home fries" and pieces of watermelon that got soaked up in the flavorless sausage gravy. 
A place with this location and especially for a brunch spot, needs to step it's game up in my humble opinion.Hallie is a wonderful waitress. So friendly and accommodating! Food was excellent and timely.Nice place! Friendly peoples, and clean restrooms. If I had to get drunk here all day, and didn't have any other options, I wouldn't have a problem with that at all.This is my go to spot for late night drinks/food in Old City because it's open late. I love the space in here, it's got a warehouse/vintage feel. The bartenders are always really friendly and the cocktails are potent. Food is also pretty decent. More recently I went out on a limb and tried the steak tartare and it was tasty (is anything with truffle oil NOT good?). They have a couple TVs in here and the bartenders nice about finding a game if you want to watch something specific.Some friends and I came here on a Friday night. Service was extremely slow! Not only did it take forever to get the drink menu, it took forever to get drinks, appetizers and entree. They even gave us the appetizers for free given the long wait. I got the salmon with risotto, which was not good. What they gave me was not risotto, just regular rice tossed with peas and pancetta and the salmon had a funky taste. The drinks were good, that's about it. I would not recommend this place to anyone.Great cocktails and bar snacks! They have one of the best happy hours in Old City and their house made chicken nuggets and pretzel bites are delicious. The open concept and decor make the overall experience very enjoyable.I can't say anything about the food since I never got that far. Tried to plan an event here for months. The owner took a full week to even respond with a sample menu for a brunch. Then after several attempts to meet up with him, including one meeting he completely forgot so I ended up at a dark restaurant with a locked door, we finally met up. He obviously had forgotten the meeting and had no clue when or what the event was. I was promised a contract within the next week, waited 10 days before following up, still got no response. After reaching out to several other restaurants and having sample menus and several communications within days I decided that The Gaslight was so not worth the weeks it takes the actual owner to respond. So I emailed back another full week later and stated I would no longer be holding my event there. Now the owner magically can respond to an email, only to make the excuse that it's the holidays and even though it's been months since the contract was supposed to be completed he is working on the holiday parties first.   After trying to explain the lack of communication and pointing out that he originally was supposed to have a contract ready back in September he just restated that he responds to "50-100 event requests each week". As if that's an excuse for his poor handling and lack of follow up. I was looking forward to holding an event here since I have heard the food is good. I should have paid more attention to the reviews about the service and the actual owner since this seems to be his trend.The old PBR is revamped into the now fabulous Gaslight. Buttermilk fried chix to die for, duck flatbread yum, cheeseburgers so mouth watering, happy hour deals on draft beers and apps, and on top of that a delightfully eye candy staff and friendly to bootWe ate here for brunch last Sunday morning. I have no complaints whatsoever. Our server was great, and the food was awesome. We got grapefruit mimosas and bloody Marias. Entree wise we got the chicken and waffles and the Reuben eggs Benedict. Both had great flavor. Just looking at the chicken and waffles you may think the chicken is dry, but it absolutely wasn't. If I ever find myself in Philly again I would definitely go back.I would describe this place as a little nicer dive bar. It decor is minimal and the staff is interesting. We arrived around 9pm. There was no hostess but it wasn't packed so we sat ourselves. Within 2 minutes the waiter came and we ordered 3 beers and my friend ordered a cheeseburger. He came back with the 3 beers in a triangle hold in his hands so when he tried to set it down some of the beers spilled a little. He left without cleaning it up so I used my only napkin. The cheeseburger arrived by a kitchen staff that was in the middle of playing pool with a customer and had a cigarette behind his ear. Hence my dive bar feelings. My friend said the burger was good but sloppy with the amount of cheese on it. This place might have a different feel during brunch but not sure I'd come back to find out.Great food. It was slow on a Sunday night, but they gave us excellent service. If you get one thing there, get the cornbread. It comes with a bacon jam that is unbelievable.Nice happy hour drinks and snack specials. Tasty wings and oysters and the staff was friendly. Had a nice time.I visited The Gaslight for brunch around 11AM and it was empty. Around noon, it started filling up. Mimosas are on point here! I really appreciated the complimentary Sticky-Icky Cinna-Waffles, but they weren't actually that good. They were pretty dry. Sausage waffles were delicious though. The waffles were so soft and portioned perfectly. The service was also pretty good. Love the interior decor of the place. Will definitely be back for brunch!I was so surprised this place wasn't packed! My girlfriends and I came here Saturday for brunch. My one gf who lives in Philly recommended Gaslight and I will definitely be coming back on my next trip! The decor was neat and rustic but again kind of empty. Our server was very nice and attentive so we were never waiting long for anything. We started off with a round of mimosas and the daily cheese plate. We were also served complimentary sticky bread. I ordered the Waffamul which was ridiculously large but very tasty. One friend got the fried chicken biscuit and the other got the crab benny. Everyone's portions were large and we all cleaned our plates! The chipotle sauce on the breakfast potatoes was delicious.Disappointed with the slow/nonexistent service even when there were 12 people total in the place. Six were in my party seated outside. The manhattan must have evaporated while it sat on the bar staring at me thru the window, because there was almost nothing in it when I received it a half hour later. The experience as a whole was not good.We attended a party at The Gaslight and were underwhelmed with the level of service. The bartender seemed troubled to make the drinks we ordered, including clearly saying "that's weird" to one of our drink orders, and it seemed understaffed for the amount of people in our party. I'd probably give it another try but it wouldn't be my first choice.Express (between lunch and dinner) menu features the best of Gaslight... 3 in 1 when you order GSLT Burger incl: aged cheddar on top grade 2 patty meat with house-made pickles and seasoned fries. So you're trying 3 items. So yummy. Straight across the corner is The Franklin Fountain.I've been here twice, once for brunch and once for dinner and had delicious meals both times as well as great service. I'd recommend the deviled eggs, fried chicken, burger, and steak and eggs as well as, the "shot n' shuck" which is an oyster paired with a shot of whiskey.My husband and I walked in on a sunday afternoon around 4pm hoping to sit at the bar and grab a quick bite. The bar didnt have any seats so we sat at a hightop across from the bar. No one greeted us. No one gave us menus. One guy walked back and forth past us like four times and didnt acknowledge us at all. We began to wonder if we were actually dead and in a hungry hell where youre in a restaurant with food you want to eat but no one will look at you. At this point my husband just decides to ask the bartender for a couple of menus. He stands at the bar, waiting.... waiting... 
We were too hungry to be ignored, so we left. Very disappointed.I've been to The Gaslight before in July with a group and it was fantastic. Had the crab Mac and cheese and it was perfect. 
Can't say about tonight. I went on Monday, March 26th around 9pm and say at the bar with my friend. The female bartender had literally three other guests at the bar. My friend and I don't drink and when we only ordered a coke and a tea she seemed annoyed and made a look at her coworker (male, apparently a server, but we wouldn't know because no one said anything to us when we walked in because they were texting when we arrived.)
We started out with the buffalo chicken dip and ordered our entrees at the same time. I got the caprese pasta and my friend the crab cake entree. The dip arrived and it was cold in some spots and warm in other and within 5 minutes our entrees arrived. The temperature was the same for them.
Our cokes were refilled once while sitting empty as she walked back and forth and texted on her phone throughout the duration of our meal. When asking for a refill she refilled one and walked away. She never asked how our food was, only gossiped with her coworker. When asked for the check, she dropped it off, we paid, she grabbed and it, then continued to talk. No goodbye or anything. Even as grabbing our coats and her sitting standing in front of us, we never received a farewell.
Absolutely unacceptable service and she was praising to another bar guest she would be a manager? Don't have the slightest intent on returning.Fully embracing the fall season, I've turned into a gourd fiend. On the hunt for good pumpkin and squash dishes, my husband and I ended up in Gaslight. 
Just looking for a snack, we debated between splitting their pumpkin pasta or each getting the butternut squash soup and splitting an appetizer. The pumpkin pasta is typically served with a root beer braised pork shoulder, however happened to be served vegetarian the night of our visit. That solidified our decision to the soup and hummus platter.
Their butternut squash soup is a must-have for any fellow gourd fiends out there. What makes it different from any other butternut squash soup? It's prepared with caramelized banana. That sounds like an odd combo but it works really well. I'd have to say it was the most unique butternut squash soup I've ever had and up there amongst the best. My only complaint was that the soup could have been served a little warmer. 
I can't neglect to mention the hummus dish. The hummus was oil based but super creamy as well. It came with their home cooked pita chips that were crispy and perfectly salted. It was definitely on the more gourmet end of hummus and was absolutely fantastic. The hummus and chips came out in separate dishes, and each dish was set within a serving board. It was a nice presentation.  
Our visit was during happy our so we took advantage of the $5 hummus and the $2 off draft specials. Not all drafts, but most of them were included. As far as happy hour deals go- I've seen better. The atmosphere warranted the ever so slight premium.  Gaslight didn't give off a douchey vibe like so many other Old City establishments. 
Our server was also great. They weren't crowded so she was really able to take her time and provide us with attention. She spoke very highly of the soup and even included her own narrative of how she eats it with grilled chicken. I'm always happy to hear when a server gives a menu item a personal stamp of approval. She was overall a friendly person and accommodated our pre-theater scheduling. 
Expect a review update from me very soon as I will be returning for their pumpkin pasta and another round of the soup!  They have a three-course $30 tasting menu that includes both the soup and pasta as options, as well as your choice of dessert. That's a no-brainer if I've ever seen one!Their brunch menu has something for everyone and coming from the same Chef as Ela - it doesn't disappoint!  I'm also partial to this place because it is one of the few bottomless brunch spots in town but beware that they significantly water down the drinks after 1 or 2 rounds.  
I didn't enjoy their bar snacks which were heavy and over priced.  I'll be sticking to The Gaslight for brunch.I like burgers because when I'm hungry and didn't pack a sufficient meal that has adequate amounts of protein for me, I'll hit a place that either serves, salmon, beef or turkey burgers. I chose The Gaslight on Front and Market this particular day. It was a Friday night and busy. The weather was still warm so I ate outside to catch in the sights. I'm training more so my physique showed more through the long sleeve shirt I had on which caught the attention of some "Fans" of nice arms. To make a long story short. I had to eat my burger that was really good by the way, while I tell one of the guys sitting over from me who were also dining outside how and what it is I do to get in shape. He was with a party of four and they were just sitting around shooting the breeze when I walked up. The burger had a sunny side up egg on it and I ordered a side of fries and cool drink. After giving my "Fan" a few workout tips and him telling me stories of his fitness struggles, moments and life experiences, I finished my good burger. The price wasn't too bad. It was about average for a burger in this area. I'm still thinking I should have charged Mr. Struggle a fee to allay the cost of my burger though. LOLGaslight is Fantastic and Delicious!! I've lived in old city for the past 8 years, the brunch and food at Gaslight is the best around. The chef is one of the best in Philly. Highly recommend dining at The Gaslight. 
I got the crab Benedict  and the pancakes. Ridiculously good! Bloody Mary's are also awesome. Price is reasonable for the quality of the food.Great atmosphere and friendly staff as soon as I walked in the door I felt comfortable. I highly recommend the shuck a shot it was delicious.I stopped by this place on a bar crawl. Great ambiance. I ordered the Clubber Lang and it was a beautiful and delicious drink.I went to The Gaslight with two friends for post-work drinks and bites. We were going to have dinner later on, so we were only going to split appetizers. We got the meatballs and the pretzel bites, and tried some mixed drinks. The meatballs were tasty, but overall I would say it's a little on the pricey side for the amount of food you get. They did seem to be having a good deal going on for meals at the time, though, and if we were hungrier we might have tried it. I'll have to go back for a meal and update my review!Love it for drinks. Hate it for food. 
The place has a nice ambiance and they have outdoor seating in the summer. The bartenders are generally friendly and they have a DJ on weekends. They do have good cocktails so I'd recommend it for happy hour if you have no appetite. 
If you're thinking about the Eggs Benedict, be advised that meat is like, thin slices of ham. Think French-fry shape. I get they're trying to be all new and inventive, but why would you mess with the ham like that? It makes for a pretty sloppy sandwich. 
Secondly, there was something weird with one of my eggs. One was good but the other had a syrupy consistency and the white was very runny. I told the bartender when she asked how the eggs were and she responded that the white part is always runny in Benedict because the eggs are poached. 
Uhm. I love Eggs Benedict. Get it all the time. The white is most certainly not ALWAYS runny and when it is, it still doesn't look like this egg. Told her I was done with it and she took it away a full egg and gave me my check. 
I'm not looking for a free meal or comped drink or anything else, I'm just looking for a legitimate concern for the food you're serving and making sure customers are satisfied.This is SUCH a great addition to the Philly scene. The bar is beautiful and has plenty of seating. There's a great beer and cocktail list, and the bartenders are incredibly friendly, attentive, and knowledgable. Went on a Friday, and the bartender Tom made great food and drink recommendations. We actually decided to stay and eat, and we're so glad we did!  The wings were delicious and different, but not overly contrived like a lot of places trying to be creative for the sake of novelty. The Pulled Duck was one of the best sandwiches I've ever had. One of the owners is the Chef-owner of Ela, and it definitely shows! Will definitely be going back...Everything was good. The mac and cheese among the best I ever had. The shot a shuck was great. Server was nice the service was prompt. The place was empty, just how I like it. Walked in off street no review checking. Pleasant surprise. Philly is great.I come to The Gaslight quite often. The food and drinks are spectacular. Such a lovely staff that makes you feel right at home. My personal favorite would have to be the salmon entree. It's a bit a difficult to describe in words so you'll just have to try it yourself. The servers are great, the bartenders even BETTER (Kim & Brit). I recommend everyone make this your go-to spot in Olde City. SauceI went there with a pretty sizable group of people for happy hour and we all had a great time. All of our food came out fast and tasted delicious, there was a good selection of beers, and the service was excellent.Great service, food and beer! I'm not an old city fan but the name and suggestions brought me here and I'm delightfully surprised. I love fried chicken and this may be my favorite. Crispy, simple and Delish! My friend had the short rib sandwich I also was craving and it was great. Fresh horseradish is perfect. 
Atmosphere is very nice and spacious with outdoor seating. Servers are awesome and well informed on their beer. 
*nice bathroom. Multiple stalls but no TPGreat food, excellent service, and great atmosphere, I own a restaurant  myself so I can appreciate this place. I will definitely come back...Pretty cool atmosphere inside. Nice find. Had an early dinner here on a Sunday with 3 others. We sat outside and tried their beer on tap and special margaritas. For dinner we had pulled pork sandwich and cheesesteak with loaded fries. Service was good as well. The only downfall was the sauce that came with the fries had a watery consistency.This is my second visit here, the first time as during the evening hours on a Saturday night.  Bar service was excellent, crowd seemed preppy and mid 20's, music wasn't too loud, space wasn't too crowded.
Based on this, and knowing the chef's previous engagements all served up food I enjoyed, we ventured in for their brunch menu...should have known to never expect decent food from a bar!
First off, everything our table received was cold.  Coffee, eggs, waffles, bacon, sides, etc...all cold as if they sat out for a good 10+ minutes before leaving the kitchen.
Eggs benedict were cold and were grossly undercooked with the egg whites being partially clear.  I'm not sure how this is even possible except that the eggs must not be poached...when a dish leaves this kitchen this bad, it's not even worth complaining as they obviously don't even understand what the dish is supposed to be.  I've uploaded a picture of the raw eggwhite and hollandaise sauce so you can see exactly what I mean.
Bacon is nice and thick but dry and too salty...oh, and it really doesn't taste all that good cold.
Hashbrowns are served as a small brick but its kinda burnt and way too salty.  There's a yellow sauce onto, I'd prefer it unsauced and the ability to add my own seasoning.  And it really tastes bad served room temperature.
The Birthdaycake waffles (waitresses recommendation) were thick and dense, overcooked and crispy almost, it was like eating a 3" thick pizzelle.  The dense batter combined with the cold temperature left something that was hard to swallow and had almost no flavor other than "really sweet"... I'd rather been served an eggo waffle straight from the freezer.
The orange juice isn't fresh squeezed, it was thick and syrupy, tasting as if it came from a concentrate from a fountain gun, but I didn't ask as I wasn't about to finish it.  The strawberries on the pancakes tasted like mass produced scooped straight from a can.  
Overall, there was nothing that tasted unique of house made.  Their "speciality" wasn't the birthday waffles as our waitress said, but "disappointment".
The service lived up to the food by being subpar.  Ordered 2 eggs benedict, got 1 benedict, 1 omelette.  Sent it back, got another gelatinous serving of benedict, but was still missing our bacon.  All 4 of us ordered orange juice, only 2 of us got it.  The coffee had to be asked for twice.
Not overly busy, no real excuse for poor service.  On a plus side, their restaurant is going to be a boom for other local businesses as we had already found parking and were still hungry since we couldn't eat the meals, so we paid and went down the street to eat a great meal at another brunch spot in Old City!The most recent critic's review of The Gaslight left me slightly apprehensive to try Jason Cichonski's new Old City gastropub. The brunch menu sounded too good to pass up, however, with its assortment of indulgent dishes. The space itself feels cavernous, and I dig the reclaimed material aesthetic they have going here. Our waitress described menu items at length when prompted, and ultimately helped my dining companion and I settle on our dishes: the fried chicken biscuit and al pastor benedict.
The fried chicken biscuit consisted of an impeccably fried (if somewhat oversalted) piece of chicken breast with soft scrambled eggs nestled in a crispy, buttery biscuit. The dish had a bit too much salt to attain perfection but nonetheless tasted great. I can see why The Gaslight's fried chicken gets such good praise. The al pastor benedict didn't really possess the characteristic spicing I associate with al pastor pork; it would have been more aptly described as a "barbecue pork" benedict. Semantics aside, the dish succeeded in that the pork shoulder was tender and stood atop griddled cornbread in lieu of the more commonplace English muffin. The cornbread had a bit too much sweetness, yet I thoroughly enjoyed that plate. 
Both dishes come with superlative fingerling potatoes, whose paper-thin, crispy exteriors complement pillowy insides and leave a memorable impression. These spuds rank among my favorite brunch potatoes in the city. All told, a couple minor seasoning issues (too much salt on the biscuit and sugar in the cornbread) prevented the meal from flawlessness, but this low-key brunch still hit the spot at a reasonable price and offered some interesting food. I will certainly return to try more of the Gaslight's off-kilter fare and enjoy the relaxing ambiance.Came in for drinks for a birthday party. It's in a great location in Old City. The atmosphere is cool and they have a nice little craft cocktail menu. That being said, the service took FOREVER and then I had to wait even longer to pay my bill. It is no fault of the bartender as she was working hard but was pouring drinks for the whole bar (we were at a second smaller bar in the back) and for the wait staff to bring to tables. She needed some help.So disappointing! I purchased the Gilt voucher for $50, which enabled me to 2 appetizers, 2 entrees, and 2 desserts. Before we ordered I mentioned I had the voucher and they brought back a voucher-specific menu. I was limited to 3 choices for an appetizers, 3 choices for an entree, and 1 dessert. The meal was decent but my overall experience was not what I was hoping for.... I certainly wouldn't have paid $50 if I knew this would be the case.Went for Sunday brunch for 3. Given a nice table inside and service was very good. The only thing that keeps it from 5 stars is that the brunch menu is fairly limited. Nice hostess, very pleasant and efficient waitress, good food. I could not find the menu online and would recommend to the owners to make the menu available online.I had high hopes for this place. I'll start out by saying if you want good drinks and only drinks, this is a great place. Their cocktails get an A from me. Their food, service, and overall value is a different story. We ordered the octopus as an appetizer and the lobster roll and burger as entrees. The octopus was ok, but a teeny tiny portion, maybe the equivalent of 2/3s of one tentacle. The potato hash cubes were so small you could barely pick them up with a fork. Octopus is one of my favorite dishes and I was a bit disappointed  by the portion size and presentation. The lobster role was decent but I've had a better one from Luke's in Philly. The burger was very average, no add ons( cheese, mushrooms, etc) and it was priced at 15.00. Our waiter came to our table 7 times in one hour, before we were finished our drinks he slipped the check down in front of us(without us asking for it), then he literally grabbed the check from under my husbands arm. That was the cherry on our mediocre experience. For around the same price or a little less you can go to Revolution House and have better food and better service.The Gaslight's food and ambiance make it a very good place to stop when you're in Olde City and looking for some proper food and drink.  It's got enough space that it doesn't feel crowded and I'm impressed with what the kitchen is turning out.
The crispy chicken nuggets and bbq octopus were standouts for me because both adhered exactly to their menu descriptions and I felt were cooked extremely skillfully.  Octopus can get rubbery but Gaslight managed to make it perfectly tendered and balanced the flavors in the dish quite well.  While crispy chicken nuggets may seem pedestrian, the Gaslight really took them to another level by cutting the real chicken pieces into regular geometric shapes and having them be extra crispy on the outside and tender on the inside.
I want to make a special mention of the burger because that was the highlight of my meal.  Many restaurants (pubs, gastropubs, etc) are going bigger and higher with their burgers so that they either need a massive toothpick to hold them together or you need to unhinge your jaw to get one bite in.  Not the case here.  Aged cheddar, a spicy sauce and pickles set atop a reasonably sized patty made this just wonderful to eat.  They focused on a simple set of ingredients and nailed it.
I've been back a few times and I'll continue to return.  I like this spot and as a bonus, you can stare out the window and chuckle at people in line waiting for Franklin Fountain.Ill start by saying this- I knew Gaslight when it was Phila Bar & Rest and only came to its reincarnation to support a former owner / friend.  I had reservations from the beginning with knowing the new ownership and its vision and unfortunately my hesitations were confirmed.
We came in, greeted by the hostess and taken to a table away from the door- its freeing!  Our waitress took over 10min to greet us or get us any drinks.  The hostess also informed us they were out of menus.  Does that seem strange to anyone else??
When we got a menu, our waitress (Rebecca) finally came up and got us drinks- out of fear she wouldnt come back for another 10min we ordered the reuben rolls, a burger & the pulled duck.  Another 10min (yes, i counted bc Id had a long day and I was starving) our drinks finally came.  Over the course of yet another 15minutes (we are at over 30min total now) our appetizer never came and another waiter who was still remaining from the former PBR brought our entrees out.  When we told him we'd never gotten our app he went to check on it for us.  Mind you during this entire time our original waitress NEVER came to check on us, ask how the food was, confirm our order or her mistake, etc.  
He returned and said theyll take it off the bill and it will come out ASAP.  That ASAP took long enough for us to finish our meals and still waited.  Ive never waited so long for food while watching every other table be served.  Clearly we did something wrong.  My burger was supposed to be medium- it was well done.  Out of sheer starvation I ate it regardless.  The duck was okay.  Neither were anything remotely special to have waited that long and to be that hungry and still not feel like the food was worthwhile is a crappy feeling.  I was told by a friend as well as the waiter who bothered to serve us the entire time Rebecca went on an impromptu vacation that the chicken & biscuits was the only dish people raved over.  The reuben rolls were probably the highlight of my meal but they were so greasy I could only eat 1.  
I wanted so badly to be proved wrong.  We gave Gaslight a chance as a new neighborhood hangout and as locals I can say we wont be hanging out here.  I also wouldnt have Rebecca as a waitress unless neglect is your service motive.  The food is nothing to rave about, the service only made me regretful that I gave it a chance to begin with, and its really not a locals type of spot.  This is just another trendy crap spot for the weekend crowd.  Glad someone will enjoy it but the rest of us will frequent our normal go-to's.  If Chichonski (spelling?) really wanted to infiltrate Old City he may want to pay more attention to his locals than to the weekend crowds.  He might also want to make his fussy nit picky menu worth while and put more emphasis on service that clever names for overpriced cocktails and Sam'iches.
Nice try... but try harder.  I wont be back.Tattooed bartenders that make you feel cooler just by sitting in front of them as they serve up creative happy hour cocktails in a well planned environment. They play particularly good music that's perfect for transitioning from your professional work day to your less likely to count how many cocktails you've had on a weeknight self.
On the weekends it's a good place to grab a table with a group of 3-6 people and have a few beers with other mid 20 to mid 30 somethings.The food and service was excellent! My favorite thing about the menu was the unique offerings on the menu!  We had a fried corn on the cob (delicious and wasn't heavy which is surprising since it was fried) , VLT sandwich (braised and fried veal bacon , lettuce tomato ), octopus salad (yummy), and for dessert blackberry cheesecake with a pretzel bottom (incredible blend of salty and sweet ) and banana bread with bacon and pretzel in it!  The prices were reasonable.  Looking forward to my next visit.A friend and I came here for the Christmas Eve Eve karaoke event, and we really had a great time! They offered some good specials for the night (and free homemade cookies!), and had a pretty good beer selection. The bartenders were extremely friendly, actually some of the most smiley friendly bartenders I have seen. The space itself is really nice, and made me want to come back to try out the food. Overall it has a great atmosphere, and I would not be opposed to returning!This is hands down one of my favorite places. Amazing service. I stopped in after work one night and had Brittany and Kim as bartenders and it was some of the best service ever. And have now become a regular.Unfortunately, Yelp doesn't allow me to rate an establishment with 0 stars, but rest assured that if I could, I most certainly would.
I visited on 3/19 around 12:30-1am with 3 of my family members (cousins).  One of my cousins was drinking beer and inadvertently spilled a bit of water.  On the BAR.  AT a bar.  
The VILE bartender proceeded to hurl obscenities at my cousin, tried to FIGHT him, belittled him for how he drank and was quite possibly the nastiest, most classless individual I have ever had the displeasure of encountering.  I'm honestly floored writing this and am absolutely livid.
I didn't catch the name of the nice man who checked out IDs when we entered (I presume he was the owner) and he himself had no idea what occurred (possibly being political, but seemed sincere), but we were asked to leave.  The disgusting bartender continued to hurl racist (an Asian man - the bartender - saying such things to an Indian man - my cousin - for context), vulgar words at my cousin and wanted to fight him outside.  FIGHT HIM.
To say that I would NEVER go here again if I ever found myself in Philly is the understatement of the century.  I have absolutely no idea how anyone who is that racist, classless, vile, and clearly in dire need of seeing a lifelong therapist could work in a customer service oriented position.
Disgusting^infinity and, needless to say, terrible, terrible service (except for that one man who checked our IDs).1. Our waitress was deathly hungover and inattentive, slow, and spilled the our drinks.
2. Ordered the "peach Bellini"........ which was just leftover dirty peach Andre. Disgusting. 
3. The sausage was clearly just rehydrated Jimmy Dean patties. 
4. The "corn muffin" was just cake. 
5. Do not come here.First Friday scene being too crowded, we scouted the area for a bite. The dim and spacious ambience drew us in. 
Ordered drinks + hummus and french onion dip. Each dip comes with thicker than usual chips, my favorite part. Portions were enough for two to share--two ladies who, to be sure, had late lunches.
As for the service, our lady server was quite attentive. I'd come back just for the ambience, both within and outside the restaurant.Came here for dinner and had a great meal.  Great cocktails and great food.  Erin and I tried the fries, roasted tomato miso soup, buffalo salmon tartare (a daily special), quest dip with chips, lamb pappardelle, and the duck flatbread.  
The quest dip and chips were just ok, nothing really stood out.  You get  three different types of crackers.  Wouldn't try this one again, would probably try a different dip next time.  The fries were very good but they are fries.
The roasted tomato miso soup was really good.  Nice size portion and it had some cheddar popcorn and balsamic to give it more flavors.  Would definitely get again.
The buffalo salmon tartare was one of the biggest winners for me.  The flavors were great and tasted much like having wings.  Highly recommended if still available.
The lamb pappardelle was actually a bit on the cold side when it came out.  Not sure if this was due to us ordering so much or just mistimed.  The actual dish was good but definitely would've been better warm.  
The duck flatbread was the biggest highlight of the meal.  Phenomenal Peking duck and hoisin and peanut flavor combinations!  Will definitely be returning for this again!  It is titled a flatbread but is actually served basically on top of a pita.  So you are getting warm duck and topping a and a cooler bottom pita, making it soft.  I noticed some people were not fans of this but I didn't mind and found it easier to cut up this way.  
Will definitely be back, hopefully soon for brunch as well.  I see these bad reviews for cold waffles and eggs and have to look passed them.  I have been to a pork event before and have witnessed Jason chichonski's creative waffle making skills first hand and know what he is capable of.  Hai waffles were outstanding and I can't wait to try these combinations!Came in for dinner on a Sunday night when they weren't too busy. I was pleased to see that they have a great check-in offer for folks who drink (free alcoholic drink with purchase of entrée). When you walk in, you'll notice the large, open space with lots of different seating which I enjoyed. Gaslight has a really nice contemporary but intimate feel.
I ordered the gnocchi which was amazing! It comes topped with "garlic chips" which I haven't had before but are essentially bits of fried garlic pieces. So, if you like garlic, this is your dish! The gnocchi was prepared with a pesto sauce and actually cooked perfectly in my opinion. My friends ordered the chicken breast and burger and were very pleased with their meals as well. The service was a bit off though as our server seemed overwhelmed and either forgot to put in drink orders initially or their bar actually took 20+ minutes to pour Guinness and make a Cosmo (which I doubt). I'm hoping that's an isolated incident and maybe he was overwhelmed or new, because otherwise I really enjoyed dining at The Gaslight. I could definitely see this place being a great spot for happy hour, particularly with their big bar area.Hesitant to give it a 2. Went for dinner and wasn't pleased. It's definitely a drinking spot that's trying to up-play and overhype their food. They really should just stick to bar food. Ordered the southwest salad with chicken and the grilled chicken was overcooked and rubbery, and seemed like it sat for a while. Mac and cheese was decent - would  recommend a frozen stoffers honestly. Nice staff thoughWe went with a huge party and they set up a pre fixe menu (which we decided on a few options for it beforehand) which made life a lot easier for 12 people. I had a delicious beet salad and goat cheese, crusted salmon, and an amazing bread pudding. The Old Fashioned I had was really good too. Love it here.This place has a pretty decent happy hour, which was the occasion that brought me to the Gaslight. Service was friendly and fairly attentive. The atmosphere was nice.
The reason I give it a 3 and not a 4 is that the food we had for happy hour was quite salty, and I felt not extremely flavorful otherwise. It was fine, but not quite the quality that I expected. I know that when it's not happy hour, prices are decently high, and while I only ate from the happy hour food menu and can't speak for the rest, I can say that what I had did not meet my expectations.
I don't think I would seek this place out again, but it would be fine - again, hence the middle-of-the-road review.Unfortunately Gaslight was a total let down.  I first asked the waiter if i could get the pulled pork sandwich but without the pineapple salsa on top, the waiter told me that this was impossible and couldn't give me an explanation as to why not.  Rather than giving me more time to order since I was totally caught off guard by such a simple request he continued to ask for my order and all I could come up with was fine the pulled pork sandwich with the pineapple salsa on top.  
The food comes out and there is absolutely no reason why the salsa couldn't have been taken off it was sitting perfectly on top and it wasn't baked into the pork or the avocado spread. My only other assumption was that my sandwich was actually premade because the meat was cold and the focaccia bread was completely soggy so I couldn't event pick up the sandwich and had to use my fork and knife. 
To make matters worse at the end of the meal one of the waiters spilled ketchup on one of my friends at the table even into his hair and white polo shirt. And rather than offering a complimentary drink or something else all he was given was a napkin and water. 
Worst service I've ever experienced at a philly restaurant will definitely never go back.First review, felt compelled to comment on this place.  Headline: cool place, terrible service.
Walked in around 915p on a Saturday night.  Mild crowd, not busy.  Sat at the bar and were quickly and politely acknowledged by the bartender, who gave us drink menus.  We ordered a basil Hayden on the rocks (priced at $12) and a cab sav (priced at $10).  Came to $26.47, which didn't make sense, even with tax.  To a fault, we're not the type to question prices--maybe he poured a little extra, which I didn't mind (but not common for on the rocks)--so we wanted to ask for clarification.  Which we were going to do when we ordered our next round, BUT...
The bartender completely ignored us the rest of the night. He continued to talk with what were clearly his friends next to us.  Two seats down.  Not even a "how are you guys making out."  As an experiment, I set a timer on my phone to see when he--or any of the other people behind the bar--would acknowledge us.  I was spinning my credit card in my hand, tried to make eye contact with them before I stopped.  Nothing.  For twenty minutes.  We got up and left, with nothing more than overpriced drinks and a half-hearted "have a good night."
I worked in the service industry for years. Never seen a place or a bartender so keen on not making money.  I'd love to try the place again, because the setting is nice and the vibe is good.  But the service leaves everything to be desired.
Ignore your friends, they'll be back.   Ignore the customer, you're going to lose money..Old city is not known to have restos worth trekking to, however I believe gas light will change that. Angie and I decided to have a lease signing brunch and since I was post workout i thought this might be a good option. we met here for an early brunch and sat a a high two top near the window.
The layout of this space is pretty solid with two bars and ample seating space. There are a few really huge windows that make for prime people watching. It wasn't very busy when we arrived but as the clock neared 12 it started to fill up. 
Service was fine nothing overly spectacular ( with the exception of the gratis waffles that came out due to a kitchen mix up ) 
The drinks are pretty standard and a few favor the sister restaurant Ela. I opted for a bloody Maria and their mix is pretty legit. They do offer an up charge for an infused option made with skyy but since that's basically like drinking rail I stuck with the house option.
We both ordered the eggs Benny and literally 5 min after we ordered our food came out. I'm not sure if they pre -prep this dish but my hollandaise wasn't really hot, more like lukewarm. The poached eggs were barely poached. I'm always down for a runny egg but this was a mess . 
The hash brown cake resembles Ela'a but not as great. I cut around the sides and ate the crispy part( which is obviously ) the best part.
Price for food ration makes sense I do think they should update the online menu to reflect the actual prices every entree was at least 2-3 dollars more in real life than it states online.
The waffles are as good as everyone says .
Order them.
I'll probably venture back but maybe to check out the dinner menu to see what all the fuss is about that. I hear people want to #stdi the French onion dip ill have to report back whether it is actually dtf .
Solid 3 star brunch for nowEasy to get seats for five on a Saturday night. Reasonable prices for a great drink selection. Pickled veggies were great--apparently so was the steak tartar. My veggie burger was falling apart, but tasted perfect. It only needed to be either cooked longer or have maybe an egg or some other binding. Would definitely go again. My only suggestion would be for staff to pay closer attention to small details: serving spoons for sharing plates, water refills, and food modifications were overlooked.Great place.  It wasn't inviting from the outside for months because it's surrounded by a few dive bars. Just walk in- do it.
Two bars. The smaller one is my fav.    
Old fashions on tap?? Sold! They are great too! Their happy hour is a steal which includes this drink.
Corporate events? We held a happy hour here and it was great!! Pricing is very good as well.  
Food is tasty which is huge in my book.I have been here 3 times and the food has been hit or miss - once excellent, once less than impressive and tonight - I'm happy to say very good. 
Nothing kills your dinner at 10pm more though than the blonde waitress lounging at the end of the bar "wishing they would all go home" when you are sitting two stools away. Okay, sorry... are we intruding by having dinner?  I'm sure she was talking about her table and I have no idea what the situation is - but really? Way to be totally unprofessional and make all the surrounding patrons feel unwelcome.I really liked the decor in this place. It was quite large, but also cozy. I was also very intrigued by their menu. I ordered a few apps to share and was underwhelmed. Just a note, do not for any reason order the 'chicken' nuggets. They are just not food!Menu is out of sight! The beet appetizer is a must have & the chicken nugget appetizer. The burger is also very good. They have a great beer list. Staff is great too.Went to Brunch on Saturday. There was a very light crowd there. This was my 3rd time here for brunch and the last 2 were enjoyable but something has changed.
We ordered the veggie omelet and breakfast sandwich. The omelet was small and pretty tasteless. I'm almost positives the potatoes were frozen. The Breakfast sandwich for what you pay, your better off getting and egg McMuffin at McDonalds. The server was at lest friendly and we let her know it's not the same. She asked if there was anything she could do. I think maybe management has made some poor changes to the kitchen. At least for Brunch. There are too many better spots for Brunch in Philly. This is a misswe came here for Brunch. the cocktails were great.  
The coffee was cold, but our server fixed that.  
then menu was not what I expected. I wanted things to be amazing because of who the chef is band they are average. portions were small. for Brunch you expect over the top. prices were up there. in thought the vibe was trying to be a little to club like for my taste. but happy to see its not PBR and someone took over that huge space.Really underwhelming experience. My friend and I looked up the menu online and chose to come in for dinner. The restaurant itself looks very nice and seems clean. However, the food is mediocre and overpriced for what it is. Everything sounded more appealing on the menu than in our mouths. The different tastes from the random ingredients thrown together just didn't meld at all. (Green peas, octopus, and yogurt? Why?) Our server seemed to be trying really hard to be polite, but he was just awkward. He kept asking us if we were done eating when we weren't, and when we were he took forever to bring us the check. 
Beer here was fine, but save your money and go literally half a block anywhere else.Place is good for drinks.Kieran is clueless by best.Wouldn`t come back to this place again.Abhorrent service... we waited for about 20 minutes to even come take our drink order.  The waitress acknowledged that there was a delay and that she noticed we had been waiting a while, but did absolutely nothing to make it right.  Food was ok, but we had to remind them several times to even bring cream for our coffee.  We weren't checked on at all.  
Don't even waste your money, time, or energy.  Philly is filled with great restaurants that will actually give a crap about you.I live right around the corner so I frequent The Gaslight quite often. For a bar, I give it 4 (maybe even 5) stars, for a restaurant 3. I have yet to have a meal that has blown me away but I love the ambiance, the bartenders and staff are great and they have an awesome drink menu! It has a slightly older crowd which I think is a nice change of pace for old city. 
They also make great Bloody Marys and have outdoor seating in the summer!Food is awesome, drinks as well - and made with care! Staff is helpful and friendly. It's exactly what olde city has been in need of recently, and I haven't been disappointed any of the times I've been there. Looking forward to the future menu additions!Went here for brunch with a group of friends. Very friendly staff from the bar to our waitress (who remembered my friends from their 3 week prior visit, definite bonus points there). The brunch menu is exciting. I ordered the Apple Pecan Pancakes, should've ordered something else. The apples and pecans were very salty like they were soaked in salt, pancakes were rubbery. I ate like a quarter of my food before it made me sick. Next time I'm trying something else. Other than that everyone enjoyed their food and we enjoyed ourselvesI should've listened to Craig LaBan.
At a recent brunch, the food in particular, and some elements of the service left much to be desired. The person I was with said they had read some sketchy reviews, but we decided to be fair and try it anyway. After all, I said at the time, how do you f*** up brunch, particularly when the restaurant is only one-quarter full.
I ordered the perfectly safe-sounding steak and eggs. Advertised on the menu as a "grilled hanger steak, two eggs, breakfast potatoes and hollandaise sauce", what arrived at the table bore no resemblance to that description.
The eggs were overcooked - ordered over medium but they were completely hard. 
The breakfast potatoes were nicely diced and uniformly browned, but extremely salty, and lacked the "pop" a little sprinkling of fresh parsley or chives would have lent them.
Worst of all, the "grilled hanger steak" turned out to be a pile of dry, lifeless shredded beef (think taco meat). I have no idea why the server asked me how I wanted the steak cooked (medium); it was clearly braised for hours, then shredded and reheated.
That the hollandaise sauce was missing altogether was the final straw.
Although it took a few moments to locate our server, the "steak and eggs" was gracefully taken back and I ordered another dish. (Chicken and biscuit, which met the menu description, but wasn't good enough to consider ordering again - no part of it seemed freshly made, from the eggs to the biscuit, to the chicken.)
Toward the end of the meal, the server arrived with a beer the manager had "apparently rung in for the wrong table, would I like it?". While I'm hardly one to refuse a free beer, it was presented in a strangely awkward manner, where I couldn't tell if it was a mea culpa for the poor food, or simply an odd mistake.
Either way, I finished the beer and we crossed The Gaslight off our list of restaurants to try. No second visit necessary. 
The space and decor were nice enough, but clearly the chef and management provide no oversight of the cooking and service whatsoever.Ya so read so many good things about this place like their chicken and waffles, pretzel bites with cream cheese and cheesesteak sandwich. To start guy brought out to mimosas. I ordered a grapefruit. Strike 1. Pretzel bites with cream cheese we're next but no cream cheese. Apparently the menu was wrong. Strike 2. As far as strike 3&4. My chicken and waffles were cold and my partners cheesesteak filled up half the roll and also had cold fries. Rough lunch here probably won't go back. Which still leaves me hanging with. Who has the best Chicken&Waffles in Philly?Nice outdoor spot for people watching... We took the city Philly Bus Tour and Loved the Old City area so we stopped for drinks and light plates to share. Beet Salad was great but the wings and Flatbread pizza were just ok. The biggest compliment is for our Service which deserves 5 Star plus!I can not stop getting cravings for the fried chicken biscuit Sandwhich I had for brunch on Saturday morning. It was the best breakfast Sandwhich I've ever had. The chicken was flavorful with a flaky crust, the egg was fluffy and cooked to perfection, the biscuit was absolutely incredible...flaky, the right amount of crunch and softness. The breakfast potato accompaniment was also satisfying! The romesco sauce had such a fresh red pepper taste. 
Reasonable pricing. Substantial amount of seating. Comfortable outdoor seating. Service was A +. We were never left wanting for anything and our server was pleasant. 
Can't wait to return to Philadelphia again to have another brunch!I came here for lunch on a very rainy Sunday in Old City, so the crowd was pretty light. First impression was from the hostess; she should give seminars about how to be a welcoming host. She was absolutely awesome. The place looks fantastic inside; really loved the layout and the design. No complaints about the service either. But I was very disappointed in the food. The lunch menu was limited, and our food was a bit... "off." My friend's sausage-batter waffles had no noticeable sausage, and his hash brown looked like scrapple. My salmon and capers dish was nothing like I expected; the menu's description was unclear, and I was surprised to be handed a plate of cold pita with thin salmon sashimi on top (plus some capers here and there). All in all, I left the place feeling flat. I think it will improve over time, but right now, the food isn't quite on point.Came for brunch--menu uninspired, food mediocre (and served cold), and service terrible.
Not recommended.I really want to love this place... it's a great location and a great space and they have one of the more aggressive happy hours with 3 dollar drafts and 5 dollar old fashions and great happy hour food. Why did I give them only 3 stars?  ABYSMAL SERVICE. and I'm not talking about one bad customer service experience, I'm talking about consecutive bad experiences. Waiting 15 minutes to be acknowledged when our server had two tables. Asked what the happy hour deal was,  didn't tell us half of it ( like they're trying to keep it a secret) . Then charged us some random price that he came up with and when we showed him the mistake he basically shrugged us off and expected us to pay anyway.  When brought to the managers attention he asked us 3 times if we had ordered within the happy hour time frame... YES you dolt, we had to put the last part of our order in with YOU because our server decided to ignore us for the last half hour of specials, now your looking at us like we're trying to scam you guys or something. My girlfriend refuses to meet me back in there for even one drink. The staff just has an air of not giving one single f@#$, and you can see it affect one staff member and then the next with every side conversation.Decor: hipster finished basement. Drinks: mediocre, overpriced. Food: I think it might've been frozen. 
To be fair, all I had were the chicken nuggets and French fries, both seasoned and not. Don't get the seasoned. Tasted like a bag of barbecue chips. Chicken nuggets were good. Tasted exactly like McDonalds, and I mean that in a good and bad way. Truffle dipping sauce was strange. 
The whole place was strange. I didn't understand it. Seemed out of sorts. Cocktails were badly made. Concept was weird. 
Service was friendly though. Maybe the entrees are good. I'll probably never bother to find out.Oh, Gaslight how I want to love you... But you just fall so short! Tonight was the second try at my man crush Jason Chichonski's Gaslight, and I don't think we'll be coming back. 
The food is pretty good, which is a shame since we were so frustrated with the service to enjoy.  This visit was for their advertised family crab night- 6 crabs, 5 sides, and 4 beers for $50/couple. Pretty exciting. The first sign of food came out about 40 min after we sat. Our group of seven was told once finally starting the feast that all sides were unlimited and we should ask for more. It probably took another 30 min to get any of the requested sides. No water refills, offers for clearing crab shell plates, or new napkins until we were able to flag someone down. 
Super disappointed!
Save the money and go to Ela instead for a significantly better experience.Gaslight has a great ambiance. I would recommend coming on a Friday night for drinks and hanging out with friends. I have been here a couple of times for brunch and have been pretty disappointed by the food. I had their eggs Benedict which was nothing special and their chicken nuggets which were horrible. The greatest part of gaslight brunch would have to be their bottomless mismosas for $21. There is definitely potential for Gaslight as long as they redo their menu.While all the other al fresco tables around 2nd and Market were full (it being 8:30 on a Saturday, and the first day of summer to boot), The Gaslight sat us right away, albeit at a table that was in the direct path of most pedestrians hustling to the 30-minute Franklin Fountain line. The hostess was friendly and charming, but the server lagged and only showed her face two times the entire meal (to deliver menus and drinks). The drinks, one margarita and one iced tea, took fifteen minutes to arrive-- not great for a sweltering evening. 
We ordered the fried chicken and the house burger; then, another twenty minutes of waiting. While the burger got great reviews from my companion, I was underwhelmed by all three items on the fried chicken plate: the curry coconut slaw could have been much bolder for the flavors it used, and the biscuit, while competent, was slightly mealy and like something out of a grocery store bakery. And the fried chicken....my god. The crusty breading tasted of straight oil and nothing else, and it was only half-fried: there was another, raw layer of breading underneath of it that slid off of the chicken at the lightest hint of a touch. The chicken itself was not seasoned and had a slickness almost as if it had been boiled in water. 
All told, what should have been a fifty-minute meal was bloated to nearly ninety minutes, and while the hostess (again: charming, helpful) got us out of there within five minutes of asking for the check, we were fifteen minutes late for our movie and I, for one, was still hungry enough for popcorn when we got to the theater. I have to echo the sentiment of the above commenter, Frankie C: "How do you manage to screw up fried chicken?" I'm more sad than angry. I really wanted some good fried chicken.so happy that a top chef alum remixed the old city PBR spot.  is it weird that the most amusing part of my experience was watching people getting confused about finding the front door.  the old corner front door still says push and has zagat and credit card stickers on it, so it becomes more of an adventure choosing between the 5 potential front doors (choose wisely).   anyways, the ambience is stripped down and refined albeit slightly too dark.  definitely now one of the classiest looking bars in old city, which is hopefully becoming less of an oxymoron.  im happy with the subtraction of the mediocre live guitar player, but hope they think about adding a fresh live music act when the weather gets warmer and the doors open up.  we showed up on their first night "soft open" and i was definitely impressed with the speed and efficiency of their service in those circumstances.  all the food we had was great, especially the appetizer dips.  who doesn't love little tastes of pumpkin soup, french onion soup and liver pate all made into little dips.  also the authentic bolognese and southern fried chicken on a biscuit were home run comfort foods that hit the spot.  i'd even go back just for their carefully crafted cocktails.  gaslight is pointing old city bars in the right directionJust had a great cocktail hour sitting outside! Jimmy was our server and went out of his way to make it a relaxed and enjoyable. We found this place by chance on our way down market st. Next time I'm in town I'll definitely stop back.Killer Burger.  We're from Atlanta and this spot rivals our favorites!  The burger was very well balanced.  Juicy beef patty, fresh veggies, soft potato roll, creamy cheese.  Not over dressed.
The four entree's at our table were all received with high praise.  The burger I already mentioned.  The chicken with carrot risotto was cooked perfectly.  The risotto was elegant, silky, creamy.
The pulled lamb sandwich was a great introduction to North African/Middle Eastern flavor profile.  Great familiar spicy profile with an exotic earthiness common from that region.
The mac & cheese dish was enough to share.  Perfectly al dente noodles.  Cheesy and gooey.
The beer selection here was awesome.  Any establishment that has any selection from Firestone Walker on tap is an instant list topper of mine (they don't distribute to Georgia).
The ambiance felt super warm and inviting.  Tables were nicely spaced.  Two bars, on either side of the restaurant, offered lots of seating for patrons look to grab a quick drink & appetizer.  Two full walls of windows offered a flood of natural light.  The rustic decor tied very well in the Old City District.
Must-go if you're in the Old City district of Philly.  
We will be back.Admittedly I can't stand Old City in general but found Gaslight to be somewhere I'd consider coming back.  Ended up here on a Sunday, thus went for their brunch menu.  Quick hits:
- WaffaMul - on paper, a great idea.  The insides (cheese, bacon) were nice but the waffle was very disappointing.  Crisp that sucker up, was soggier than a surfer's dollar bill.  Almost like it was...microwaved?  Yeah it was definitely microwaved.
- Buttermilk fried chicken - was reported to be solid but I remember the initial reaction being "is that it?".  Twas small.  Too small for $14.
- Drinks - cute, creative, pop culture names.  Whatever - they were fine.  I had a beer.
- Service - actually really nice, personable.  There was an old couple in there absolutely battling with each other which to be honest was a huge downer and led to an in depth discussion with my girlfriend on "let's not ever be like that, mmkay?" which could have totally ruined brunch but the staff at Gaslight handled it with as much grace as possible.  Well done.
Overall you can tell they put a lot of effort into the space.  A nice open setup, creative dishes with creative names, etc.  That's cool and all, I just would like to see a bit of substance at the end of the day.  Maybe it will come with time, we shall see.The Gaslight is one of the better Old City taverns enjoy from time to time. New and appealing city whiskey bar with a good cocktail menu and tap beers a plus for patrons. 
The menu of small plates make the experience fun. With the party of 6, we were served and treated nicely. My meal of fried chicken and cornbread was crispy, tangy hot and juicy. The apps of pickled veggies, meat balls and onion dip (pate') were perfect. Pasta dish was inventive and fresh. All out good time, butt we were there at the 5pm open, so not crowded or much of a wait. Manager and staff were always present. Come over and see.Great bar for dates and meetings - perfect for groups. Staff is on point - food is hit or miss but when the main chef is there isn't a always great.  I've eaten here several times - I would say it's one of the best app and bar spots for 30+ in old city.  I love coming here b you don't feel crowded like most old city places so I can't give it four stars just bc I didn't like one dish.  Bar is worth the five stars- and I'm picky.VERY slow bar service, stingy portions, and indifferent bartenders who take their time pouring.  Oh, and that's when they don't run out of glasses.
Pros: Nice interior, food well presented, but just not much of a warm feeling to this place.What more can you ask for. Place offers great happy hour deals. $3 on most drafts and 50% off on food. Its big, not too crowded, clean and service is friendly and fast. I ordered chicken wings which were full of meat and pierogies were also pretty good. Wish they were bigger and 6 instead of 4. I will be back.Been here a few times, nothing really great about the place.  Not really a fan of plastic cup places for drinks anymore, but I have horrible friends who want to go to places where there are crowds.  If I stupidly choose to see them, then we come to places like this.  My last trip here was on St. Patrick's day.  They wanted $10 a person to enter the door.  Really?  There is nothing Irish about this place.  I went to a ton of bars that day and only paid a cover at one other horrible place.The flavors are explosive! Swing by and say hello to Chef Jason from Top Chef season 11!!I chose this place after movie at the Ritz because I heard that it attracted an older crowd and it was less subdued then the other bars in the area saturated with drunken 20 something's. Wrong. Loud music, ridiculously expensive menu (for teeny tiny portions), and a total frat bar scene. At 10 pm a DJ kicks in... Too bad. Was hoping it would be a bit less amped up then the rest of the places in Old City. The search goes on...Breakfast doesn't get much better than this. The house cinnamon bread was great, and the chicken n' waffles was superb (and very flavorful). Service was great as well.Good drink list and food, but nothing special
Good drink list and food, but nothing to write home about, considering the amount of dining options in Philly. 
Some nice craft beer options, but mostly standard fare as far as craft beer goes. 
Burger was good, but came out undercooked initially (less than medium rare). We sent it back, got another one, and it was comped, which was nice. Special sauce, which I suspect incorporated tahini, was excellent. 
Avoid the uninspired charcuterie board: overpriced, underportioned, and not particularly good. Tastes like supermarket quality charcuterie and cheese, which I could have put together for 1/5 the price. 
The only thing good here was the grilled sour dough bread I liked the Swedish meatballs - large, tasty, and smothered in sauerkraut - and the hummus - which was a good sized portion and above average. 
Steak Frites- streak was above average, Fries were quite good, au jus was excellent. Service was great, fast, and attentive. Prices were about 25% too high for the quality.Horrible bartender. she try to get us to close out after one drink she was so rude! very unpleasant experienceThe food was average 4 out of 10 stars. 
1) $30 for a dozen oysters no crackers. 
2) corn bread taste like it was made from a jiffy box. 
3) wouldn't honor the yelp check in offer during brunch hours.  even though it doesn't specify that anywhere on the offer that is for dinner only 
4) menu outside was different than menu inside.  The server apologized for that. 
5) the gave us a 1/2 glass of OJ 
On the plus sides The music was excellent oldies, the place was rather quiet on a Sunday during football season. The servers were friendly,  attentive and the food came quickly. 
 Too many options in Old City to choose this place. I would pass until they get it together.The atmosphere was really nice for a night out with old friends or a date night. The bar was very large and room perfectly lit. I really enjoyed the buttermilk fried chicken! Onion rings with their special aoli was also wonderful. Giving complements to the chef James Fujioka! The wine was reasonably priced. My favorite part of the night was the White chocolate pudding in a sugar cookie cup with blood orange jam, absolutely delicious.One of the best happy hours, if not the best, in old city. Home to also possibly one of the best burgers in Philly! I love The Gaslight!!Our recent dinner very disappointing.
The food was fine ( scallops were a bit burnt)but the service did not fair as well.
We asked for no croutons and yet we received them , our water was never refilled, and our silverware was taken after the appetizer and never replaced. 
Our waiter pointed out that our table was wobbly and said he would fix it and never did.It was a nice big space and the atmosphere was casual and nice. The service was pretty good - we got a table right away on Sat evening and our waitress was pleasant and efficient, checked on us adequately. They had a huge bar selection and good amount of drafts to choose from. Our waitress helped me order a mocktail because I'm pregnant and wanted something more fun than water (I REALLY appreciated this because I feel like some people act like it's a huge pain in the butt). 
I was just disappointed with the food! I really wanted to like this place. It was a pretty small menu so I assumed it was be smaller plates done well considering the chefs and how the place is marketed on their website. I got the pork belly banh mi. The pork belly was served cold on a cold hoagie roll with a bit of foie gras and a few pickled vegetables. It was pretty underwhelming - it reminded me of a dry cold cut turkey sub. (I wished it had been warm crispy pork belly).  It was served with fries that were good and we ordered the onion rings which were good. My husband ordered the burger medium. It was well done which usually isn't a deal breaker but was also underwhelming. Definitely have had better. 
I swear we're not that hard to please when it comes to bar food - I don't need anything too fancy or crazy and I rarely write reviews on yelp but if you're going for casual dinner in Old City I'd go to Khyber or Eulogy. This would be a better place for just drinks and maybe a small app? Maybe we just ordered the wrong things, or maybe they're still working the kinks out since it's relatively new? I probably wouldn't go back to find out though.With an intriguing take on pub food, Gaslight delivers.  We were excited to try Jason C's new place after watching the finale of Top Chef.   We infiltrated a crowd of "Friends of Art" to sample the soft opening offerings.... The formal pub opening is next Monday and we got there first!    Let's talk both Food and Service...
FOOD:  Lamb meatloaf sandwich was delicious.  Moist meatloaf nestled in a sweet relish/jam on an outstanding roll served with excellent flavorful fries.  The apps included crunchy/spicy/sweet/salty onion rings (came out cool the first time, but the re-fire was fast and perfect) .  I usually skip crème brûlée (overdone and frequently imperfect) but this unusual smoked-sugar version was one of the highlights.  Try it and be surprised.
SERVICE:  Ask for Zack if you can.  He knows his food, his chefs, and provides great service with informed suggestions.Torn between 3 or 4 stars and went with 4 for two reasons: one if the best fried chicken dishes I've had; lychee martini rocks.
I've been here three time--twice for happy hour and once for brunch. Given the reviews I was hesitant to dine here, and bring a group. Glad I did.
First off, the space is beautiful, spacious, and staff is friendly. All big steps up from its former incarnation as Philly brewing company.
The happy hour special is a good deal--$10 specialty drinks for $5. The drink menu is big and varied. Of 4 drinks I've had, 3 were fantastic (the 4th was vile but they took it back with no hassle.) the $4 dips are a good snack but if you're looking for something to fill you up, the skimpy 6 chips they give you to accompany the dips won't do it. Then extra chips are another $4. Pretty weak.
But brunch made up for it. The menu has so many good options I didn't know what to get. I got the sausage waffles with bourbon syrup and some delicious butter. Amazing. And the side of chicken for $5 is the best deal in town--2 pieces of the crispiest, tastiest, most flavorful chicken ever. 
My friend loved the French onion omelette. The Benedict was well- received. But the hash was just ok, and the waffa-mull (grilled cheese with waffle 'bread') was a good idea, and tasty, but wasn't melty and warm.
Service was friendly but a bit slow since it was packed. So get a drink at the bar before sitting and keep em coming.Went there on a Saturday. We wanted to try a new place in Old City. When we walked in the first thing we noticed was how LOUD it was! But we proceeded bc we were interested in the new place. 
We were seated promptly at a high top table. Our server, who I wish I knew his name, was very very nice. He had a lot of tables so there was some wait in between ordering drinks and food. We got the onion dip app. It was ok. Pretty much the typical onion dip at parties but with some carmelized onions on top. 
Entrees, my boyfriend got a nice big burger with fries. A nice size portion for the price. 
I ordered the salmon. When it was placed in front of me I laughed a little thinking 'dang this itty bitty thing in $17 and his huge burger was $14?? Im going to need wawa after this!'  After I cut into it, it was too undercooked for my liking. They took it back to cook it well done. Got it again...still raw. So going by the recommendation of our server, I got the fried chicken. It was ok. Little soggy but it did the trick bc at this point i was starving. 
We decided to try the dessert. We got the mexican pudding in a sugar cookie cup. Consistency was a little gritty and it was too much pudding. Would have like another component in there to compliment the chile and cinnamon. It was blah. And not worth the $7. 
Our server really made our night though because he was so genuine and nice. He really wanted our experience to be great. We will be back for just drinks and maybe an app earlier in the night before the loud music starts pumping. Loved the decor in there. Nice and clean too.The restaurant had a  very nice and relaxing feel to it and was very nice. The portioning of food is pretty small for the price so we had to order more after. The 10¢ Glamour Girl cocktail was delicious! Service was good!I had stopped in on a Sunday evening to meet some friends for drinks. Since it is unseasonably hot out this "winter", I decided to make a stop at Franklin Fountain beforehand. I entered and met my friends at the bar as I was finishing my ice cream cone. A staff member, who I assume to be a manager of some sort, rudely asked me to leave because they do not allow outside food. He then informed me that they sell Franklin Fountain Ice Cream there at Gaslight, which made me even more confused. There was nothing but attitude coming from said manager. I then headed outside in the pouring rain to wait for my friends to finish their over priced beers. Needless to say, my friends and I will no longer visit this establishment and will be sure to spread this message to family and friends.I attended The Gaslight grand re-opening last night and it was wonderful ! The free gin cocktails were a lovely perk but the food it self was amazing and the staff is very friendly. Inside was a lot bigger then I expected. 
It's safe to say that I will be a returning costumer, and I'll be sure to spread the word on how great Gaslight is!CRAB CAKE EGG BENEDICT aka Crab Benny.
It was so delicious! The crab cakes were not dry at all and full of flavor! The hollandaise sauce complimented the eggs and crab cakes very well. I almost never finish my food just because I don't eat a lot and I actually finished both crab cakes and my breakfast potatoes. Also! Whatever sauce they use on their breakfast potatoes, ask for extra! It was so good. 
We came for brunch on Sunday during Labor Day weekend and it wasn't as packed as we thought it was going to be. I love the location of it. It's right by Penn's Landing and it's on Market St. I wanted to come back at night to see how the atmosphere is during late night but we didn't have time.
The service was fantastic. I loved how all the servers had no problem helping each other. She was very patient with us and our questions and we all were very happy with our choices!
I, of course, had mimosas too! Can't do brunch without mimosas!Went right at 5 when they opened and beat the crowd. Our waiter was so helpful to us as it was our first night in town and he had great pointers. The happy hour drinks were great! Go to happy hour from 5-7 and get half off, it really is a good deal because they are otherwise pricey. The chicken breast was very very good. The only negative is that we were the first there and they did not have the dish I had wanted to order off of the menu. I would go back again for happy hour.Gaslight has an awesome bar for after dinner drinks, but I have also eaten breakfast and dinner here! Their menu is definitely different, so make sure you check it out before making a rezzie. I was here the other night and a DJ actually came after 10!This is a solid post-work spot to hit up with any group of people. Their $3 select beers on draft (not all beers) and $5 burgers are a perfect combination that you can have over and over again. The staff has always been super friendly and accommodating, they're very easy going about adding more and more chairs to tables, even outdoors, which is a necessity for the loosely committed coworker.
It can be hard recommending restaurants to people if you're not totally familiar with their tastes and preference but the Gaslight is one that I would feel fully confident in.We visited Gaslight for a Sunday brunch.  While they couldn't handle the size of our group and had to seat us at the bar, we didn't exactly give them any notice.  
I found their cocktails to be quite amazing.  And at $8 each for brunch, a pretty solid deal.  Between all of us, we managed to try'em all - top ranking goes to Cucumber Charlie followed by Chavo del Ocho.
As for brunch... well, I've never been a huge brunch fan so it may have factored into this rating.  I ordered the eggs benny - shaved ham, fried onions, hollandaise & breakfast potatoes.  It had plenty of ham and having it shaved really helped when cutting up the eggs to eat bite by bite.  However, the hollandaise sauce was nondescript.  It was light, but almost at the expense of flavor. 
We all had a good time and decent meal.  I'd go back, but wouldn't make The Gaslight a top brunch destination.Stopped here for brunch last Saturday. Such a good deal for bottomless mimosas... and they were good not just juice. I also had the Redneck Benedict and it was delicious. I got there around 11:30 which was perfect timing before the big brunch crowd. Our server was very attentive and didn't rush us out the door at all even though toward the end we were just drinking. Would come back again for sure!Great happy hour! All the specialty cocktails are $5 and the draft beers are $3. How can you beat a $5 burger and old fashioned? Even if the burger was mediocre, that would be a good deal. Luckily for us, it wasn't. It's covered in oozy cheese and a slice of crispy bacon, the potato roll sprang up when you touched it and the patty was juicy and delicious- I'll be back. The pretzel bites were also great and huge. The salmon taco was decent. 
Definitely check it out, definitely get that burger.Great food that is local, carefully put together and tastes great. For the money you pay here, can't be beat. Love the rotating beer lists.The ambiance and location in old city were both very nice! With the  blue color scheme, exposed brick walls and open space it felt like a nice atmosphere to be in. The air conditioning was turned up all the way which was a little uncomfortable. The waiters were pleasant and the service was quite fast. I ordered the strawberry shortcake French toast and it was mediocre. It was cooked well but nothing really special. My friend ordered the "carbonara" omelette and she agreed that it was only average. I don't know if I would come back because of the limited vegetarian options but I did really like the atmosphere.Pros and cons with this place but I think after our last visit I'm not sure if we'll be back. 
We've only been for brunch, and we've done that probably 20 times. They nailed biscuits and gravy! Then changed it from the turkey or chicken sausage to pork. Fine. But recently they changed it again from delicious traditional southern gravy to a bland, brown, thin gravy. I don't know why places in Philly feel like they need to constantly change recipes, as it's so often not for the better. And consistency isn't exactly a bad thing. 
The even greater offense, though, was when they opted to favor a bar crawl over actual brunch customers by only offering a couple of really lame breakfast items. We walked out that day. 
Pros are the shot & shuck with bacon-pickle mignonette, and the fact that you can always get a seat at brunch--it's never busy.
I'm really bummed about the changes and the preference for the bar crawls as this was becoming our go-to spot. We've brought in several friends and introduced them to the place. It's a shame. What they do right, they really do right. The food is good, the service is usually good.Just average. Nothing stood out and it's pretty disappointing considering I'm huge fan of Top Chef. We ordered the French onion dip, Cheeseburger, and BLT. My fiancé said the best part of the BLT was the bread. The only thing we did not like was the margarita. Wowza! If I could of took a picture of her after her first sip, it would of been priceless. A little too bitter. Nothing sweet and salty about it at all. The server was friendly. We prefer the restaurant that was there before The Gaslight.Great experience! Interesting atmosphere, had all the makings to seem hip but had Jeopardy on tv. Helped it seem more like an older style pub that was more about the customer than the trend of the moment. Food was excellent, service was amazing.  If you are in the area skip the places that are all about the trend and go here for a cold beer on tap, excellent service, good food and Jeopardy.I came to the The Gaslight for brunch with 5 friends. Here are some highlights and not-so-highlights of our experience.
Highlights: Aesthetically, this place was very pleasing. **They also served a pretty good Bloody Mary. They had solid french fries which were seasoned with a little kick of flavors. And of course it was a place to gather with my good friends. The end.
Not-so-Highlights: According to our waitress, they don't serve decaf coffee because they "aren't a coffee shop." If you want eggs that have the color and consistency of egg beaters, then you are in the right place. Also, the two omelette orders were undercooked and cold and had to be sent back to the kitchen. They made us a new order, this time it was hot but still undercooked. Very undercooked. Also undercooked were the two orders of bacon which came out like flimsy rubber. Those went uneaten, along with the omelette. From what I heard at the table, the burgers were good, however I don't think the kitchen paid too much attention to requested temperatures since each one came out medium-rare. Like red-juice-on-the-plate medium rare (for my friend who ordered it medium-well). 
And it was freezing in there, which may explain the tepid "caffeinated"coffee.
**Taste-wise the Bloody was good. But a TRULY good Bloody is a meal in a glass. This one only came with olives and a lime because apparently (when asked) celery is "out of season."This place has so much charm! My friend and I walked in during brunch hours and it just warmed our hearts. It has a nautical sunny feel with big white columns and rustic tones of roughed up bricks, found door panels and of course gaslit lanterns. We even got to sit in little bay windows at the front. It was huge, had two bars with tasty looking things soaking in jars and barrels. It has a well executed concepts and the staff, owner and manager were all so nice and accommodating. 
We sadly didn't get to eat here but the food looked innovative and amazing! We definitely plan to go back and give them some business. Seems like they're unfortunately a little off the old city path so it gets lost in the mix, but definitely go over and discover it! The atmosphere alone will put you in a good mood.Decent apps and below average main courses.  Medium rare shouldn't be half raw on the steak frites. Better than well done I guess.  Also, multiple apps came out way late so our party ate at different times.  It wasn't that busy to explain the service.As this place has been generating a lot of buzz, I was really looking forward to trying the food. I must say, I was really underwhelmed. I went for dinner and drinks last week. We sat at the bar which was fairly empty.  The bartender did not know much about the current beer selection but that usually doesn't bother me. We asked a few question about the dinner menu and again, the bartender was clueless. He awkwardly walked away to the kitchen for clarification. Eventually i ordered the wings and the fired chick sandwich. The wings were pretty good but on the cold side. I actually preferred the wings from the former tenant. The fried chicken sandwich sounded awesome but was a complete disappointment. The sandwich comes on a biscuit (most likely a week old) which is good but since the chicken serving is rather modest, the sandwich is way more bread then desired. I was expecting a better then average meal but what was served was below average at best. 
I returned this weekend to meet a few friends for drinks, unfortunately they totally killed the vibe of PBR.  The vibe is now more upscale restaurant that happens to have bar. Not a bad place to have 1 drink but def not a place to hangout anymore.Attentive and Friendly staff. Good food. Cauliflower tacos were surprisingly good! Good location. I was from out of town and I would go back.Comfortable interior made up of furniture in a variety of wood colors. A couple bars. Bar stools with chair backs earn points from me. 
Pleasant staff who, at the slow start of happy hour on a Tuesday, were gathered like wall-leaning hip kids at one end of the bar. Our waitress was cool, and she served up water as soon as we sat down. It's the little things. 
Happy hour offerings are priced for the happiness of the hour(s). Carmelized onion dip (w/ rice crackers, pita-style flat bread crisps & San Roman fresh tortilla chips) had an unexpected consistency and was pretty tasty. Enjoyed the variety of chips. Also had some fries. 
Music was pretty odd, reminded me of PST and Y100 circa year 2000, but sprinkled with more current hits and occasional dragging Radiohead tunes taht were not entirely suitable for the setting. 
Wish I had tried the pickled vegetable board and boulevardier cocktail, but there's always next time.Went there at 9:30 on a Monday night. By far the worse service I have ever experienced. Not only by our waiter but the hostess as well. The waiter took our drink order. We told him we were ordering food and were in a hurry. He disappeared for several minutes. We had to get the hostess. She took our food order. Got the drinks finally one by one. Got 2 or the 3 meals 10 minutes apart and they forgot one. NO APOLOGY and no discount. Never ever ever going back.Second time. Again, no wait. Again, excellent food. Get the pretzel bites.  And the beet salad. For entrees, the chicken is superb. I live here in old city and this is truly a hidden gem. Skip all the other crappy restaurants on Market and go here.Empty restaurant. Wait staff that could care less and food that was sub par. Go two doors down to Continental.Early reviews seemed negative for Gaslight (recent ones don't appear to be different). So with so many other options in the city, it took awhile for me to check Gaslight out. But we were in the area catching up with friends, so decided to check it out.
On a weekday night around 8PM, it was practically empty. There were only a few servers on staff, which didn't give us the highest hopes for what was to come.
Gently with a Chainsaw [$11]
Bourbon, demerera, Angostura bitters
Despite the names that seemed to mimic that of Franklin Mortgage & Investment Co. (and a good majority of speakeasy-type bars these days), the drinks we had were good. This bourbon-based tipple had a subtle sweetness was heightened by the demerera, with the bitters providing pronounced citrus.
Storm in a Teacup [$12]
Pimm's No. 1, ginger, lemon, cucumber, mint 
The GF will drink anything with Pimm's - this had nice a ginger essence and wasn't overly sweet.
Possibly with Dynamite [$12]
Rye, Aperol, Punt E Mes, chocolate bitters 
I also had this take on the Manhattan, which was smooth and had dark chocolate undertones. 
Truffle Tremor Burger Special [$17]
Veal bacon, Truffle Tremor goat cheese
The kitchen had a special burger that night, which featured Truffle Tremor, which I love. Who doesn't enjoy tangy goat cheese blended with Italian black truffles? The burger itself was juicy, though came closer to medium and not the requested medium rare. The few slabs of veal bacon were fine, but not particularly interesting. The sesame-seeded bun was the right vessel for the burger, housing all of the innards well. The accompanying fries were well-seasoned.
Hand Pulled Pasta [$17]
Blue crab, sweet corn, pancetta, tomato
The GF went with the hand-pulled pasta as we were curious about the strength of the Chef's pasta game. There was good chew from the noodles, which were well-seasoned with the sweet corn and the acidity of the tomato to balance out the bits of pancetta. But where was the blue crab? The essence might have been in some of the brothy sauce, but there were no bits of crab to be found. 
My experience at Gaslight was muted, though there were some decent bites. But as a whole, it's definitely not Top Chef worthy - even at an elevated pub level. It's good to hear that Gaslight is overhauling their menu and Chef Cichonski is moving forward with renewed focus. Because based on my visit a few months back, there are better options in Philly for pub fare.Wow. I had been to The Gaslight a few years back for dinner and remembered the food being good... and not much else.
Today my friends and I decided to try it for brunch. We arrived and got seated at a table. It took almost 20 minutes for anyone to even acknowledge our existence, besides a man who poured water for us without saying a word.
Finally, a waitress came over and apologized for the delay and explained that no one was sure whose table it was. Okay, fine. I was a server and I remember how it felt. She took our drink and food orders immediately.
After that, everything was like pulling teeth. Coffee was brought over without creamer, with the waitress promising to bring it over soon. Our food made it to the table before the creamer and we had to ask the food runner to grab it.
The food portions were small and looked terrible. I ordered Eggs Benedict and the eggs were some crappy version of sunny side up instead of poached. There was not even a drop of hollandaise on my meal. My plate just looked sad. The only good thing about my meal was the potatoes.
The waitress never checked on us again until we were ready for the check. When we had our check presenter ready she walked past us to collect her credit card slips from other tables and we had to wait an additional 5 minutes.
Working in the service industry for 8 years, I hate writing reviews like this. But by the end of this meal we were furious, neglected, and unsatisfied. If your restaurant is understaffed, make the necessary changes or train your staff to deal with it.
tl;dr -- Save your money. The food is overpriced and nothing to write home about. And to put it nicely, the service was terrible. There are plenty of other good spots in Philly that take care of their customers.Tried out dinner here Friday night because we had checked out the menu the first week they were open and a lot of the sandwiches sounded delicious (and sounded like a huge step up from PBR). We got there only to find there were only a couple sandwiches still on the menu...a burger, a veggie burger, and MAYBE one other. We had the pickled veggie plate - decent snack. Also tried the onion rings which were good. We shared the burger and Reuben rolls. Burger was good but have definitely had better in the city (Village Whiskey, Jerry's Bar to name a few). Reuben rolls were good too. 
Good draught beer list. 
No bad comments or complaints here but not sure how often we will be back for casual meals since there aren't the options we originally had seen on the menu.True Life: Sometimes I eat at restaurants only because they have a really cute sign out front. This was the case here, and I don't regret judging this book by its cover at all. I had purchased a Gilt City voucher for here but accidentally let it expire, so I called ahead to see if I could still use the value that I paid for the voucher. The very nice guy on the phone ensured me that the price of the voucher would act as a gift card and be taken off our balance at the end of the meal. This left me with a good first impression before I even arrived.
The space itself is beautiful, open and modern (but also rustic) looking. While our table of 3 didn't try any of the alcoholic happy hour specials, the cocktail list looked interesting and I will likely be back to see for myself.
Onto the food. Any place that hands out an interesting pre-meal complimentary snack is a winner in my book, and the Gaslight's fresh baked corn muffins with cheesey butter were actually one of my favorite parts of the whole meal. I probably could have eaten 10.
We shared:
Heirloom tomato salad with smoked burrata- this was super fresh, light, and the perfect course to start with.
Mushroom bruschetta ($5 during happy hour)- so delish, if not a little heavy on the oil. Wish the portion was a bit larger, but for 5 dollars I can't complain.
Saffron spaghetti with lobster- I was shocked at the amount of lobster that came with this dish. There was also a lot of fresh parsley/arugula on top which lended the perfect bit of freshness to this very rich plate. Would definitely order again.
Short ribs with fries- Only gripe here is that I prefer my red meat prepared pretty rare, and this was cooked a little too long for me. But the accompanying fries and sauce were delicious, and paired together made a really tasty bite. 
Chocolate pot de creme- This was the only real flop of the night for me. Came with a (VERY LAVENDERY) lavender cream on top which kind of made me feel like I was eating a candle, or a dryer sheet. The presentation was pretty, though. 
The portions were generous and the flavors were fantastic. The three of us left feeling comfortably full. Can't wait to come back and get my brunch on!Stopped in here for a drink with the bf and it was exactly what we were looking for. The venue is nice and the setup is pretty cool with two separate bar areas on either side of the dining hall.
Service was awesome from the people that greeted us at the door, to all of the bartenders, regardless of whether they were actually tending to us or not.
They had some fun drinks on the menu and enough of the classics that we were completely satisfied with our options. We'll definitely be stopping back in hopefully soon!Unparalleled flavors!  Cinco de Mayo done right!  The lemon grass infused margarita is unbelievable.The Gaslight just opened up (in fact, it hasn't opened officially and is having a "soft opening" for the next couple of weeks), taking the place of PBR. At first, it seems a lot like PBR as it has a similar ambiance and menu, but you quickly realize it's not.  
I'll start with the less fun details:  the service was decent - our waiter was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu, but placing our order and getting drinks was juuuust a tad slow.  I'll chalk that up to it being the first night.  The menu is fairly varied with upscale bar food, and everything seems to be reasonably priced.  They have a good drinks menu with a large draft and bottle selection, including a couple ciders, again very reasonably priced (draft Yuengling = $4).  The ambiance is nice, with votives everywhere and deep colors, giving it a kind of rustic look.  It's amazing what a fresh coat of paint can do for the place!
And now the food.  In short, the food was amazing.  We tried two different types of wings, chipotle tamarind and whiskey caramel mustard, both of which were great, though my favorite was the whiskey caramel mustard.  The wings were well cooked and had SO much meat on them.  It could easily make a meal.  We also tried the french onion soup dip for something different and it was divine.  As our waiter classified it, it was "onion dip on steroids" - he was totally right! - perfect blend of salty dip with sweet caramelized onions on top.  All the dips come with three different chips, pita, rice, and tortilla, all of which are made on the premises (with the exception of the actual tortillas, which come from Tortilleria San Roman in the Italian Market).
We were very impressed with The Gaslight and would absolutely go again.  It's a great replacement/renovation of the old Philadelphia Bar & Restaurant.  I hope it does well!Boyfriend and I have been in twice for drinks - once during happy hour and once for a few late-night beers.  No craft beer on happy hour, but their $10 cocktails were 1/2 off.  That proved deadly for me, as I rarely drink liquor but decided to have several mixed drinks and then later switched to beer..... whatever, that's a whole 'nother story.  More a review of my drinking skills than of Gaslight ;-)
The beer selection is nice, as it was when Gaslight was Philadelphia Bar.  Wish there were some craft beer specials during happy hour.  The service at the bar during both visits was very good, and we enjoyed ourselves.  The menu is small but looks creative, so maybe next time we stop in we will try some food.  
Stop in and try it out!I love the location of this restaurant in old city and that there is plenty of outdoor seating.  Went with a large group of friends. We had good service and all of the food ordered was nicely plated and tasty.  The portion that I had of the potato gnocchi was a bit on the small side.  Next time I go I will order the salmon which my friend had and looked great!Great drinks, friendly service, cute digs, clean bathroom. Wish I'd had a chance to try the soft pretzels but what I did order was just okay (potato gnocchi) oyster was fresh and deliciousWent here for a birthday party. Upon entering, the cleanliness of the establishment or lack thereof is clearly evident. Service is not acceptable. Bartenders  extremely unprofessional, paranoid, and inappropriate, especially to female members of my group. Spoke with the owner following accusations of a supposed "eye roll" incidence by a member of my party, who demonstrated clear incompetence. His staff attested to his inability to handle the few times the place actually is full of customers and he gets overwhelmed. Not good qualities in a small business owner.
People should avoid this place until the staff is trained on proper customer service and appropriate cleanliness standards of a place serving food and drinks. The Pennsylvania Health Department needs to do inspection of this facility.Came here for cocktails/nightcap after Friday night skating. It was definitely low key for a Friday night bar, but cute and cozy inside and the cocktails were good. This sounds crazy but it was an excellent vodka soda. How can you make a vod sod taste any different than any other vod sod I DO NOT KNOW. It was like really fresh and lemony. I don't ask questions, I just drink my drink.Was looking forward to this place as we had heard some good things- however my advice would be to find another spot in old city to spend your brunch dollars.  The food was just not that good- my wife had the chicken biscuit sandwich which was flavorless and after one bite all the breading was off the sandwich.  I had a burger which was ok however the veal bacon as well as the patty lacked any flavor or taste.  The Bloody Mary was about the only good thing I have to comment.  The inside is cool but the food was just really forgettable and nothing about this place will have us making a return visit.  This place is a far cry from the delicious flavorful food coming out if Jason's kitchen at Ela.The Gaslight. Nothing out of the ordinary, just basic tasteless food with slow, careless and standoffish customer service. I was appalled by the extreme wait times for my food (hour plus wait!) even though the restaurant was half empty and the waitress never came up and checked on my table only when I called her over to let her know the coffee was full of grounds!! She rolled her eyes at my request for a new cup. Not to mention the false advertising they do with the "bottomless mimosas" and don't actually do them when you show up with a party and they aren't busy. What a rip off. Overall very poorly managed place - there are better brunch places in Philly so don't waste your time with the Gaslight.Not the most amazing pub food I've had, but it was still decent. I probably will not return since the dinner wasn't tasty enough to make me come back, but I do think the bar area is cool!Came  here for brunch for the first time and the best part of the experience was our server, Ryan. Super friendly and helpful. Don't get me wrong the food was delicious, I had the eggs Benedict and the crispy breakfast potatoes were delicious I wish they gave you more. But honestly the portion sizes were perfect, and the drinks were affordable and well crafted. I'd definitely want to come back to try their lunch and dinner specials.Awful experience! A group of us decided to go here for a birthday brunch. we had looked at the menu before going and everything looked good. Since we had a party of 8 we decided to make a reservation ahead of time. When we got there they had a chalkboard sign outside with "$21 bottomless mimosas" which we were definitely going to get. Well as we got to our table we were asked for our drink orders and we all just wanted to do the bottomless mimosas but we were  told that we couldn't do that because apparently you have to make a reservation 24 hours in advance and email them that your party wants to do bottomless mimosas. That was where everything went down hill. Some of us did order the $5 mimosas and when we got them they were very sweet and it almost tasted like they used sparkling wine. After almost a hour  we had yet to get any of our food including apps. Mind you we all had very simple eggs and bacon type of orders and many tables had been cleared so it was not busy at all. So finally we got our food and it got worst all three orders of French toast were burnt, you could smell it from one end of the table that's how bad it was. So we immediately had it sent back. None of the food  was anything to rave about. The only  good thing I can say about this place is that the staff is friendly but we will definitely never come back to this place or recommend it to anyone!!Never got my credit card back after paying the check. Called two hours later and told they didn't have it. Left a 25% tip to boot.Cute bar- drinks were slightly over priced but overall an okay bar. Has a dive - bar appearance with upscale prices.Absolutely disappointed in this place from start to finish. Went for a Sunday brunch with friends, made a reservation ahead of time - which actually was not needed because the place wasn't even half full (for good reason). Entered the restaurant and had to wait 5 minuets before a hostess appeared. When we said we had a reservation she fumbled and seemed confused about where to sit us at the many open tables. We waited a full 18 minuets at the table before seeing any sign of a server. Once a server did greet us she made a very slight apology and continued on rushing us to order. Upon receiving drinks and entrees there were missing sides and sauces that we had to ask for multiple times. The server had no interest in checking on our table at all - at one point she brought out a second coffee creamer and reached across the table and said nothing and walked away without asking how we were enjoying the food. We immediately asked for our check and waited over 7 minuets for the waitress to take our payment. When she finally did she showed again no interest in asking us about our experience or encouraging us to return again. I do not think I have received worse service than this in all my years living in Philly. Please do yourself and your friends a favor and skip this place.The Gaslight, ran out of gas for me. Overpriced, touristy, rude staff and funky food.  Not a fan. Never to return! The food selection was odd but ok. The drinks and appetizers for two people were way expensive and on the small side. I will spend money on a meal but I expect a full plate. First visit will definitely be my last.  Oh and if you go and decide to sit outside, expect to get a** in the face by people passing by as the tables are cheap and low to the ground.I really enjoyed this place. The only downside was I did not really care for my main dish . It may have been my fault because I was not sure what to expect with the sandwich and I just was not in the mood for the spice the sandwich brought. That is the only negative I have ... The positives, loved the beet salad, loved the salmon on toast, loved the pickled vegetables. My strawberry-basil mimosa was absolutely delicious and our waiter was friendly helpful. I would definitely go back to sit outside or try the bar and their happy hour !Second time. Again, no wait. Again, excellent food. Get the pretzel bites.  And the beet salad. For entrees, the chicken is superb. I live here in old city and this is truly a hidden gem. Skip all the other crappy restaurants on Market and go here. 
Update: got it delivered this time. It's still excellent food. Get the chicken and mashed potatoes.Friday night happy hour was friendly and comfortable with excellent $5 cocktails and great deals on the craft drafts.  Nice industrial interior and great bartenders will lure me back in the future.I really wanted to like this place, but the food was just not good. Ordered 5 items: pickled vegetables, buffalo wings, foie gras, beef tartare, and pulled duck flatbread. 
Vegetables and wings were mediocre at best. Felt like I could have gotten them at any restaurant, anywhere. I don't even know what I was eating with that pulled duck flatbread? Why are you cold? Why are there peanuts on you? Maybe if they warmed it up and replaced the peanuts with some spice...maybe?
The tartare was just bad. Bland, under-seasoned,  It's as if they took some B quality meat, rinsed it in some water and threw it in a cup. There were two small onions on the side that were actually good. I wish I had more of that. 
And finally, the foie gras...There's just WAY too much of you, especially when you are only giving me three small crostinis! Literally, it was was like 6 ounces...why do I need that much foie gras?
Overall, I felt the food lacked creativity and effort. 
Aside from the food, this place is HUGE with a generic vibe. The bathroom really caught me off guard. It was disgusting. Felt like a smelly locker room with dirty floors and trash everywhere. I'm pretty sure my high school has nicer bathrooms.
The one upside? A great staff. You are the only reason this review is 2 stars.If I could give no stars I would... everything about our dinner was awful. First, we stood at the host stand for 3-4 minutes before another patron told us that she had waited 8 minutes and finally had to go to the bar to be seated. We had to do the same. We were seated and our drink order was taken. Then, after a longer wait than normal, we finally had to tell our server that we wanted to order - he wasn't prepared to take our order on his own. 
We ordered the pierogies, a cheesesteak, and a side of Mac n cheese. We were both finished with our meals before the Mac n cheese came out, and it was only brought out after we had asked our server for it twice, and finally asked another server a third time. Then, the server that brought it out didn't even apologize, simply said "I'm not sure what took so long..." 
When our waiter finally came back to our table, my husband ordered another beer, and when the beer was dropped off, our server left the table before we could even open our mouths to tell him that it was the wrong beer, he was gone. Once again, we had to ask another server for the correct beer. 
Finally, when our server stopped by our table, we asked for the check, which we waited almost 5 minutes to get - we had our cards ready and gave them to him right away, without even looking at the bill. In a span of  TWENTY minutes there were  five empty-handed trips from the server to the section we were sitting in, all without our bill. I flagged him down twice and both times he held up a finger as if to say "hold on"... only he did that twice. And after twenty minutes, he finally came back to our table.... with another bill... not our cards. At this point I was beyond upset, as it's really concerning to not know where your credit card is for 20 minutes. 
I went inside to speak to a manager, who was understanding of our concern and frustration. But when she asked the server where our bill was, as she was offering to comp the price for our excessive wait, the server said he didn't know where it was! He literally had to look all around the entire bar to find it, and found it on the edge of the pool table, near the servers station, where it had been sitting unattended for probably the entire 20 minutes that we waited. 
After all of that, we were comped for our $6 side of Mac m cheese and for our three beers, which given the fact that our dinner took over two hours and made us miss the rest of the plans we had for that evening, didn't really make up for it. 
Food was mediocre. Beer wasn't great. And the service was the worst I've ever had.After our meal up the street, my boyfriend and I came to gaslight for some drinks. What a fun way to end the night. Loved the pitchers that you can get and the list is great! tried 2 great IPAs and really enjoyed the atmosphere at the bar. The bartender was attentive and kind. I also appreciated that he served me and my boyfriend some water without asking :) love a bartender that is conscious of everyone sitting down which is such a hard task because there were so many people there. I can see why he has worked there for many years. Love old city and it just made for a great Saturday night.We came as a large group for the bottomless mimosas and it was an absolute mess from start to finish. The mimosas were 90% orange juice, even after asking our waitress to add less OJ 3 separate times. Had we known we would pay $21 a person for OJ we wouldn't have come as there are plenty of other establishments that will make a normal mimosa. While that was disappointing, what was super frustrating was the complete lack of service. Our waitress hardly stopped at the table to check in on us we had to flag her down every time. We asked for water 2 times before finally getting a water bottle put on the table, yet no glasses to drink out of it. Half of our table was only served 2 mimosas during the span of the 2 hours due to our waitress's not coming to check on us. She didn't even ask us about ordering food for the first hour we had to flag her down and ask her to take our order. Everyone for the most part got orange juice mimosas but my one friend asked for grapefruit mimosas (which is part of the bottomless deal) and our waitress actually told her "can you just get OJ? I'd prefer to keep it all the same". It was a complete waste of money, and complete neglect of service. Two of our friends left and took shots at a bar down the street and came back, and the waitress still hadn't been back to the table to check on us. I understand a large party can be overwhelming to serve, but service was so disappointing we will never be back. I'm also writing this review to warn people who think they're getting a good deal with bottomless mimosas that it's a complete scam and a waste of money. This isn't bottomless mimosas, it's $21 orange juice glasses that come periodically.I recently moved to Old City a couple months ago from Cali. This spot is right around the corner from my house, the food is alright but menu keeps changing. However I like the service there. The hot blonde asian bartender always recommends good specials and drinks. Cheers!Eeeck, I went to Gaslight earlier tonight. I was very eager to try their fish and chips as I heard good things. I ordered a drink and was waiting for my food. In the middle of the conversation, I noticed a  black roach shell on my water glass. I told management and they tried to say that it was something else. I asked 'What is it then?'. She didn't have any explanation. I asked to have my drink comped. It was. Watching the other people (at the other tables) chow down on their food 'made me sick. We left and went to Iron Hill Brewery (which was great). UghLove the drinks! And we could watch the finals! Ambience was awesome! Service was great and crowd was fun. Went here after my graduationCame here on a nice Saturday afternoon
Pros - Sat in the front area with a great Old City view, service staff was super friendly, and owner came out and apologized for slow service and offered us a free round to compensate (our dishes were dropped on the way out of the kitchen). And solid draft list.
Cons - The food was below average. The Korean Beef sandwich didn't have much flavor, and the roll was dry. And the GSLT Salad with grilled chicken was dry and didn't have much going on. For $14 a dish, I expected much more.The ambiance was nice. Very comfortable and roomy.  The bars, there are two, are cool with some flatscreens. I had an Old Fashioned and a Boulevardier. Both real good.  It was cold out. My Novia had their French Onion Soup.  Also good for a cold night.if you're lucky, you'll read my review before coming here and i've saved you from a poor dining experience.
came here for a birthday brunch for the bottomless mimosas... i'd rather pay per drink somewhere else. the mimosas were warm and no prosecco was used, it almost tasted like sparkling moscato, way toooo sweet.
the food... i wish i just drank here and dined somewhere else. my friends and i split the chicken and waffles, wings and fried pickles. all 3 plates looked so so sad when they came out, i immediately sent the fried pickles back.
chicken and waffles, the waffles looked like they were frozen and then microwaved, so mushy. the chicken actually was probably the only thing decent but then again how do you screw up fried chicken.
i could have gotten better frozen wings at the grocery store; there was no breading, barely any meat and were shriveled up. 
the pickles... oh the pickles. they were also shriveled up, barely any breading, and there was about 9 sliced pickles... for $8. i immediately sent them back saying i didn't want these nor did i want to pay for them. they misunderstood that as "i needed more" and brought out a new one with more pickles on the plate and said it was on the house. they still looked the same, shriveled but there was a tad bit more breading on them so i gave one a try... SO SALTY and just so sad. i make fried pickles all the time... not hard at all.
i also called before i got here and when i got to the restaurant spoke to the hostess about a birthday dessert. they said they didn't serve dessert so i said can you just bring out a waffle with whipped cream... they never  did.
if i could give 0 stars i would.Won't be returning here unless it is a last resort. It is a cool place inside but unfortunately there were a lot of things that turned me away after dining there.
We arrived and we were promptly seated which was great. However, the restaurant temperature was a bit on the chilly side and we all kept our coats on the entire time. No one who worked there seemed thrilled to be serving and our server was the only one serving the entire restaurant. We ordered coffee at brunch but had to wait 20 minutes to receive it because they had to brew a pot (this was at their brunch- coffee is usually a given), we asked for olives for the bloody mary 3x before we received them, the food took awhile and they were out of most beers on draft. These things may have all been fine should they showed some level of care behind the service- no one said sorry about anything once while we were there. 
The food itself was sub-par...poached eggs on the benedict were poached hard...very unappealing. 
Overall- not the best brunch spot.The ideas of the dishes are really great...but the actual taste isn't that good. I came here for brunch and had the Carbonara Style omelette and I was so excited about it! It sounded so good I love carbonara and in an omelette sounded interesting...except it wasn't. It was literally just a big old egg omelette with peas and bacon chunks (not even pancetta like was stated) in the middle with a tiny bit of sauce on top that tasted more like Alfredo. Beet salad was totally average as well with weird crunchy pieces inside that felt like you were eating bugs..appetizing! Service was super slow too and the place was empty. Wouldn't come back here to try dinner.Never got to try it because we showed up for a 2pm group brunch reservation at 2:10 and the kitchen "couldn't accommodate us," despite more than half the tables being empty and a 15 minute grace period. Very disappointed in the unapologetic way it was handled. Definitely triple check that they can honor previously made reservations before booking a birthday group!Apropos to its name, we felt a bit wrong-footed from the get go. We arrived a few minutes before our 11AM reservation, not realizing that the Gaslight didn't open until exactly 11AM. After standing at the hostess stand for a bit, we were finally told that it wasn't yet open, so we walked back outside and stood in front of the doorway (i.e., in plain sight) expecting we'd be ushered in when it did open. We noted people going in-and-out, and assumed they worked there. 10-15 minutes later, we went back in and found that (a) there was still no hostess at the stand, and (b) many tables had already been seated.
Following the strange beginning, service was fine and friendly. I note that I inquired after a low-top table, but was told they were all reserved, so we sat at a high-top table. It would have been nice to have had the table height be a reservation option on OpenTable.
The Bloody Mary was tasty and the fried chicken was crispy, if not particularly well seasoned--dousing it in hot sauce helped. The waffles were doughy and could have been crisped a bit more, and the syrup was definitely Log Cabin or something similar (i.e., not actual maple syrup). Overall the food was fine, but not something I'd return for.I feel like I got gaslit at the gaslight. It was filled with people doing this bottomless mimosa thing. College crowd I guess.. everything went wrong. Don't go. Annoying experience. Confused decor