I love the atmosphere of this place. It's more of a lounge than a restaurant. Excellent decor. Great customer service. Conveniently located downtown. The place tends to get crowded so don't go starving. But in case you do, just go upstairs to the bar... same menu and better personable service.Came back for another brunch - this time on a Sunday at 11:15 or so.  Service was still speedy and without hiccups.  The eggs benedict I got were cooked just right.My boyfriend and I were just wandering downtown when I was struck by the giant olive out front.  Naturally, we had to enter, and once again were pleasantly surprised when we saw the swing-seats upstairs.  Early as it was (5ish?) we immediately got a table with swings on the second floor, and proceeded to order.  The service was fantastic, the classic cocktails are done just right (I'm an aviation lover), and the food, though a bit small for the price, was incredible.  Loved the pad thai and the ahi tuna.  Came back a couple days later for drinks on the rooftop and while the lobster mac and cheese wasn't quite as good, the cocktail was once again perfect.I stopped by the Midtown on Sunday afternoon mostly to escape the rain partially out of curiosity.  My friend and I were actually headed to Devils Alley for brunch when the sky opened up and unleashed  there fury.  The Midtown was closer so we hoped in there to warm up and get something to eat.
The Decor is great very quirky and trendy but fun at the same time.  I feel bad for the waitresses though the uniforms are horrible almost like car hops without the skates.
I ordered a burger which was fantastic and my friend got the lobster mac and cheese which was very good.  I also tried the bacon infused bloody Mary which sounds scary but was amazing.
It didn't seem like that had a very extensive menu for that hour of the day but I liked what I ordered so oh well.  Our service was good nothing over the top amazing but decent.  all in all it was a OK experience.Had a cute little brunch and some cocktails with my girlfriends here this past weekend. Their champagne drinks and food are delicious, and their service was speedy and friendly. Only reason I didn't give 5 stars was because they are a bit overpriced and also we asked to sit in one of the booths in the middle of the first floor and were just told "no, sorry."Went here on a Sunday, great ambiance, awesome customer service, food was also delicious! Great areaStarr restaurants are the place I kinda hate to enjoy. He is never very chef-centric (albeit il Pittore) and I prefer to support establishments that are. But I love the continental, both locations. They have a big menu, but not in an overwhelming sense. Just big enough that you can go with a big group and everyone can get whatever they are craving. All different types of cuisines and for the portion size I think the prices are very fair. Some of our favorites are the tartare, french onion soup dumplings, lobster mac, mushroom flatbread, and rad na thai chicken. OH and they have an awesome salad now. Called the continental chopped I believe.. kinda like their own version of a nicoise. It is amazing. Drinks are meh, nothing too special. And of course, being a Starr establishment, the decor takes you to another place.There's two locations, olde city and center city. The one in center city is bigger and has a rooftop bar. The decor inside both is retro and very cool. The center city location has these wicker chairs hanging from the ceiling, it's cool looking but not very comfortable. Brunch - food is ok. Not mind blowing but decent. The drinks are where it's at. I came here with my bestie and she had this bacon Bloody Mary which I got to try and it was awesome, made with bacon vodka. YUM! 
Rooftop bar - The center city location has a rooftop bar with a separate entrance past the main entrance. The ambience is really nice and modern. There's a interior and exterior portion up there. Interior part is air conditioned which is a must on the hot and humid summer nights of philly. The drinks are pricey for philly standards, about $10 each but the cocktails are good. It's usually really packed on a nice night out so get there early.this place is definitely a creative stephen starr restaurants. I loved the whole layout, the different seating arrangements, the furniture, the lighting fixtures, etc, etc, but we're here about the food! 
My sister, cousin and I ordered the lobster mac n cheese, french onion dumplings, and the calamari salad. Again, from an eater from NYC, the portions were amazing! Fed all three of us and kept us full for hours (3 to be exact). I wasn't crazy about the lobster mac n cheese bc they used orza instead of macaroni or any other pasta. It was creative but just felt wierd eatting mac and cheese like that. The calamari salad was excellent. just simply, good amount of calamari and great vinegar dressing. The french onion dumplings were good too (6 of them per order) but again, being from a family of restuarant and buffet owners, they could have used a different type of skin for the dumplings. 
Service was excellent, atmosphere was great, and the food decently priced (again, I'm from NYC) so I was happy! will come back if I visit Philly again.Two stars, only because the food was still somewhat enjoyable but no longer memorable (this used to be my favorite restaurant when I lived in Philly... alas...it is not the same any more - what happened to the desserts?)   Only the Brussels sprouts saved the night.  
What pulled the rating really down was the drinks
We ordered sangria in a pitcher at $40 and it was filled with so much ice that there was very little red wine.  In the end the sangria was sooo diluted after the ice had melted... If I can make better sangria at home, what's the incentive to go back to Continental?
There are fine dining restaurants everywhere nowadays and good bars too...Great small plates.  Kid friendly ambiance and food.  We had the 
Lobster mac&cheese
Veal & ricotta meatballs
Thai chicken skewers
Thai rock shrimp tacos
All were excellent. The trio of desserts we ordered were great as well as the service.Probably one of my top 10 favorite restaurants. From the outside, the Continental Mid-town doesn't look like much - looks more like a diner actually than a regular restaurant. BUT, when you go inside, you are immediately transported back in time (I thought "oh wow this is Don Draper's apartment!") with the 60's decor, swinging chairs on the balcony, and sunken middle. I was only in a party of two but there were groups of various sizes that were coming and going and it didn't seen to be an issue. The drink menu was great (try the Tiki Mon!) and the way in which they serve the food (tapas-style) is so fun. There was nothing that we tried that we didn't like! I would definitely recommend the lobster mac and cheese, meatballs, tiki masala, and the cheese steak egg rolls. We liked this place so much we ate here twice during our trip!I would ideally give Continental 3 1/2 stars but anywhere with a rooftop automatically gets points. I was visiting from New York and I am a big fan of Philly since it is not as pretentious as a lot of the New York scene. I didn't eat here so I was only at the rooftop bar area. Continental was a mixed bag of dare I say d-bags, very young looking girls, and regular young professionals getting drinks on a Saturday night. The bartenders thought they were a little better than you but the drinks were solid. Not a fan of the music though - an off mix of 70's rock and house music.I came in Saturday night to grab some cocktails on the roof deck since it was such a gorgeous night. Though it was busy, the bartenders on the roof were really attentive and took the time to go over the drink menu and make recommendations. Stephanie recommended the twizzle and pomelo which were absolutely delicious. She also suggested food items, but we were just in for drinks. Next time I go, I will seek her out.I was back in Philly last week and visited the Continental 3 times.  They have great food, cool - hip atmosphere and a fantastic staff.  Best in all the required catagories.  Love the rooftop bar.  Send you friends, you'll be a star.I've eaten here many times and have never received a bad meal. They are timely with the food and the food is always very good. Definitely on par with the other Steven Starr restaurants. The continental salad is a must, as well as the shoestring fries and Thai chicken lettuce wraps. This is seriously the best place to go in philly if you want a cool ambiance with tasty food at a good price!I must say I have nothing but rave reviews for this bar/restaurant. The ambience is so well laid out and they have the best Nerds shaped chairs that are super comfy! The service is wonderful super accommodating and very personal. Now to the food and drinks - my husband wants to take the cheesesteak egg rolls home for a a forever supply and I loved the mushroom flatbread! The drinks were perfectly made and were so delicious. We need a duplicate in Maryland!Achieved heights I never knew possible in swinging chairs. Cheesecake was solid too. Best part is swinging. In chairs. It's like the park and fancy dinner had a child.Came here on my last night in philly, and no regrets. I tried a lot of popular items that were mentioned here on yelp. The lobster mac n cheese was SO GOOD. It's been 3 months since I was in philly and I still think about it! Seriously to die for.Was touring Philadelphia on a random road trip I took from DC. I'm originally from NY and never actually stopped in Philly for anything. I read the reviews and stopped here for dinner. Everything we ordered was amazing. Please try the cheesesteak egg rolls. AMAZING! Service was fine. I sat in the basket chair just because they were there, they were ok but if I ever went back I wouldn't sit in them.We arrived into Philly late and our hotel told us to head to the Continental Mid-town for a fun culinary experience without needing a reservation. We waited long enough to have one drink at the downstairs bar. If there aren't any seats head upstairs as there is a second bar that isn't as busy. 
It was definitely an experience! The drink menu is awesome and I highly recommend the Moscow Mule - ketel one, lime, and housemade ginger beer. I may have drank a few too many of these but I do not regret it one bit! 
For dinner I shared a variety of tapas inspired dishes including French Onion Soup Dumplings! If you like french onion soup you HAVE to get these! Honestly, you cannot go wrong with any of the tapas. My favorites included the Korean Pork Tacos and the Soy Glazed Pork Belly. Everyone seems to rave about the lobster mashed potatoes and they were good... but not good enough for me to rave about. I wish I tried the lobster mac and cheese because that looked delectable! 
Happy eating!Vegetarian review:
Went there for brunch at about 11:30AM on a Saturday looking for a table for 2. Were seated immediately! 
The waitress was so good, like a role model of a waitress. She answered questions, asked for suggestions, checked on us frequently & didn't rush us to leave.
I ordered the mixed berry waffle, & it came out pretty quick! I usually don't like fruit waffles cuz they're so syrupy and gross, but WHOA! AMAZING!!! Loveeeeddd the waffle, it was so fluffy and flavorful, the fruit was really really fresh and every bite was just heaven.
The manager or suprervisor also stoppped by in between just to ask if everything was good, which again proves the great service here. I'll definitely be back too to try the other vegetarian options too- like the Veggie Sandwich!Food was great! Had Kung pao ribs, chicken skewers and seared ahi tuna. All were very tasty and good. Only downside is that servings were really small for the price of what you pay.  After ordering one appetizer and 2 classic dishes, we were not full at all.My husband and I stopped in late on a Sunday since most other restaurants were already closed. We shared 3 dishes - the Philly cheesesteak egg roll, the lobster mac and cheese, and the flank steak. Everything was really delicious and reasonably priced, and the service was good. The steak was a hit and I'm not even a big steak person. The design of the restaurant is cool and the layout is conducive to small groups (5-10). We would definitely return! The only reason I didn't give it more stars is because we only tried 3 smaller plates and no drinks. I'll update after my 2nd visit ;-)Why does EVERYONE on Yelp seem to love the lobster mac & cheese???  It is really not as stellar as the hype would suggest.  Perhaps it was my expectation that it would be mind-numbingly delicious, but I was thoroughly underimpressed.  
Firstly, for the love of noodles, please tell me why one thinks that orzo would ever work in a mac & cheese dish.  It does nothing in the way of retaining cheese and frankly it has an odd texture, especially in combination with the lobster.  I am not one to salt my food left and right, but trust me, the lobster mac needed it.  There just wasn't enough flavor, a soupy sort of texture, and if you ask me - too many breadcrumbs.
I also sampled the shrimp quesadillas and Chilean sea bass, both of which were quite good.  The Chilean sea bass was really tender and came with a yummy miso sauce.  We also tried the Continental salad and edamame.  The salad was rather enormous and very tasty, and the edamame was edamame.
All in all, of course I would go back and of course I would recommend people try it for themsleves.  Let's be serious, it's a Steven Starr restaurant so you know the ambience and presentation make everything taste better.  But be forewarned: if you believe all of the hype like I did, you might end up expecting more than you'll  be getting.The draw of this place is mainly the cool decor/atmosphere. It feels very loungey, almost new-agey in certain corners.  Their strength in terms of food is quirky American or vaguely european small plates; the asian-ish offerings just do not do justice to the cuisine they attempt to imitate. Overall, the quality of the food is just ok, and there is a lot of variation in exactly how much food volume you get per dollar.
Medium-sized dishes (1 for a person with a small appetite): rad na, thai chicken lettuce wraps, poke bowl
Small dishes (about 2-3 per person with average appetite): Onion soup dumplings (only about 3 or 4 tiny dumplings), cheesesteak eggroll, veal and ricotta meatballsDespite our less-than-stellar Valentine's Day experience we came back to the mid-town location with 7 buddies Saturday at 7:30. Due to the fact that they do not take reservations, we were worried a bit that we wouldn't be seated. However we called ahead and they said they would do our best to seat us when we arrived. We only ended up waiting a few minutes. 
For drinks, the Capri Cooler in pouches and the Aviation cocktail seemed to be popular in our group. We decided tapas was the best route, everyone picked their top choices and passed them around. We ordered Cheeseteak egg rolls (and we finally received them!), chicken lettuce wraps, scallops, fried calamari and shrimp, lobster mac and cheese, jumbo lump crab pad Thai, BBQ chicken quesadilla, and the french onion soup dumplings. All plates were easily shared between the nine of us and we were all satisfied. The french onion soup dumplings were a favorite, but only after they cooled because THEY WERE HOT!
Service was very quick and attentive thanks to Randall our waiter. He really did a great job and seemed like he was genuinely enjoying himself. 
Several dessert flights were ordered and they were all very good.  The s'mores, liquid chocolate cake, and peanut butter/chocolate were table favorites. A 3-flight was perfect to share between two people. 
*Despite the fact our table was more the 6 people, gratuity was not added to our bill. Good thing we double checked rather than assume it was. Service was 5 star and we wanted our tip to reflect it!Cute atmosphere.  (I like the original Continental better though.)  The brunch menu varies with lots of goodness.  At first, I couldn't decide on what I wanted but I went a favorite of mine, the turkey club.  I had the Continental salad with it instead of fries since they don't serve the shoe string fries.  Oh my, the shoestring fries with the dipping mustard is to die for but you can only get them at the Market St. Continental.  Both restaurants serve LaColombe coffee, thanks Todd for conceiving such a wonderful cup of Joe!  The first time I ever had LaColombe was years ago at the original Continental and I have never turned back.  :)
http://lacolombe.com/Saturday Brunch/Lunch for some first timers was a real treat: delicious selection of wonderful plates ( pancakes, eggs, Asian salad, omelettes, ) great coffee and drinks. And to t it all off a selection of desserts. Wonderful service and crowd. Worth a wait if you come when it's busy.Obviously the kitsch factor of The Continental makes it better than it actually is. I also have a soft spot in my heart for anyone who served me alcohol before I was actually old enough to legally drink it. So here's to you, Mr. Starr and your fantastic mod themed diner. 
The calamari salad is by far my favorite. The calamari is always perfectly fried (although I think that most things that are fried are perfect) and the dressing is a yummy sesame dressing. It is so big that there is always enough for me to take home to have for lunch the next day (or a midnight snack, let's be honest). 
The spinach is so good with soy and garlic...the wasabi mashed potatoes are always a winner and the crab pad thai never makes me sad either. 
But most importantly, they sell Sofia in cans. Pink cans. With straws attached.
xoThe best part is the atmosphere, I've only been here at night so my review is base on that, very chilled, nice decor, and located in a decent part of town, great for dates and to hangout with friends. The food is also decent although the portions are kinda small and the price is kinda high for such small portion and average tasting food. The menus selection is rather limited to, at least at night. Over all a decent level place, great place for first dates for me, it has a bit of class yet not snobby and stuck up.LOVE this place.  It's such a fun place to have dinner and drinks with a group of friends!  It's low-key but cool.  Their calamari salad is great and if you're with a group, it's great to order a bunch of dishes and try a little bite of everything!  The dishes are pretty creative and overall pretty good, although every once in a while, I won't like something but not a big deal.  Also, prices are really great for both the food and the drinks and if you're with a group of people, that really helps!    The only thing that you may want to consider is the fact that they don't take reservations so sometimes the wait can be really long so if you're in a time crunch or will be starving by the time you get a table, this may not be for you.  But for me, I can always kill some time hanging by the bar and drinking a yummy cocktail before dinner starts.This 5-star rating is only based on my one experience there for lunch on a Sunday. I havent tried any cocktails or their rooftop lounge. Just a nice sunday brunch. Lunch. Whatever. Stephen Starr restaurant. So it's going to be pretty good. It's going to be a pretty unique atmosphere. I did like the quasi-retro feeling. Didn't sit in the swinging chairs, but I might have difficulty eating while my chair is swinging.
The tiramisu waffles is awesome. Get it. And don't just eat the waffle part. It all of it together the way it should be eaten. You won't regret it. Overall everything was very good. The poached eggs and smoked salmon was great, though I wish they gave more toast with that. The omelet was pretty on target. The pancakes are alright, but theyre pretty large. There was a good amount of food, but it's not super-cardiac-arrest-inducing heavy. So you dont need to worry about myocardial infarctions while eating. Seemed just right. I'll definitely be back to try the lobster mac and cheese and others. The total for the previously mentioned 4 dishes plus a couple coffees was $59.
Also, parking is terrrrrrrible. Street parking in Philly is always a nightmare. And the city's streets are very narrow and annoying. If you head a bit further and look north around JFK, you might find more parking. But otherwise, when you're within 5 blocks and you see a spot. You take that spot.This is a typical scene to be seen restaurant...of course it's a Starr restaurant, what else is there to expect?
Hostesses are inattentive and impersonal.  Wait staff I could say the same!!!  I've been here a total of two times and the food is never what I expect it to be...perhaps my expectations were a tad high.
Anyone notice that if you aren't flashing money around that you get the awful seats?  Anyway, I say this is dressy b/c ppl here are young and dumb enough to throw their money on mediocre food.
That being said, I think the dessert tapas here ROCK.  I love love love the monkey dessert - caramel and bananas in a wonton, fried, served with vanilla icecream, pecans, and a caramel drizzle.  Perfect size - just a few bites of something sweet to end the OK meal with.  Creme brulee didn't rock my world..too mushy and COLD!  
If you gotta come here, go for the lunch hour....Nice spot. Trendy with a nice selection of drinks.
I had a "Stop Hammer Thyme"....a bourbon concoction that was very tasty. I would def come back for refreshments.Had a great time here for dinner. I ordered the Korean fried chicken and the shrimp tacos and both were simply amazing. My husband had the Ramen and jerk chicken, both tasted really good. I don't trust everyone with jerk food, but they did a great job, the chicken was moist! We finished off the evening with dessert, which, though a little pricey, was just the right size. I would definitely come back again and try out some of the other menu items. I have had lunch here and it was just OK, but the dinner was fantastic.A nice place to meet and socialize with friends while "pre gaming" before a night out in Rittenhouse Square. If you're going to go only for the food, then this may not be your place. The place gets busy at times and the loud atmosphere might not be the best place to enjoy your meal.Before I complain, let me say a few nice things.
The tandoori chicken was wonderful, amazing, delicious, and  I say that as someone who usually doesn't like chicken.
The decor is fun - the lighting is really dramatic and beautiful.  I think the sunken area in the middle is a bit too kitschy, but that's just me.
All the other tapas we had there were, well, not bad, but nothing better than the sort of thing I typically cook at home.  And certainly not worth $10 each.
All in all, I might recommend this restaurant if the food cost a fifth or less of what it does, but there's no justifying this quality at this price.
As a side note, I ordered a Guinness, and it might be my fault for not looking closely enough at the beer menu, but what I got was a Guinness Draught, which looks like a Guinness but tastes like a mixture of mayonnaise and wet gravel.I took my sister here for her birthday as she is a big fan of Stephen Starr restaurants.  We went on a Sunday around 730pm, they said it was slow when we called ahead so there was no wait. We really wanted to sit in the basket chairs upstairs so we were excited to do that. 
We ordered the Tuna Tartare, French Onion Soup Dumplings, Brussel Sprouts and the Thai Rock Shrimp Tacos.  Both of our favorite was the tuna tartare, it came with sesame chips and dip that just worked perfectly with it.  I would honestly order everything we got again, but they have so much on the menu that I feel like I'd have to try something new!I think this place has had its hayday. The food was mediocre and the menu seemed very dated. The company I was with seemed to enjoy it so not a complete loss and I did have fun swinging in the chairs upstairs over drinks.This place is your typical Steven Starr joint. Tacky decor, tacky patrons, etc. However, I did enjoy the vegan food I was served and I liked that one of the martinis was served with a cigarette! Overall, it's over-priced for what it is.Went here for business lunch.  This place is gimmick and trying to be trendy.  Not worth it.Cool as ice. From the decor to the hip waitresses and waiters, everything is this place is a retro modernism take on alternative reality. My suggestion, take a seat on one of the stuffed, neon colored futuristic animals in the bar area.I think my first yelp over a year ago was the original Continental in Old City. We have passed the midtown location countless times and decided to give it a try today for lunch.  Nice hip dining spot with a big bar upstairs.  The waiter, Kevin, was helpful and provided recommendations.  Started out with bloody marys called Wake & Bake Marys. They were $10 a pop and pretty boring. Creative description on the menu and just ordinary.
We started with the french onion soup dumplings. These were served in an escargot tray. Creative dish. Very rich and tasty. The best dish of the day.
I had the breakfast combination. It had a short stack, turkey sausage, bacon, potatoes and I ordered with egg whites. Good dish. No complaints but no different than any diner.  Basic and tasted fine, just not anything special.
My daughter had the Big Daddy Mack. A play on the big mack with same ingredients but with a thin veggie burger. She liked it, especially the homemade bun and the very good french fries. With Passover, I did not try it. She liked it but much prefers the veggie burger at Honeys.
My wife had the Udon Soup.  It had dumplings in it with noodles and a chicken based broth. She liked it but would have preferred more noodles.
My daughter left with blue raspberry cotton candy. She liked this the best, and the best value at $3.
All told, a decent spot for lunch but much better choices in the Rittenhouse Square area.Great food and drinks! Love their brunch! Best coffee ever...  Tried the Udon soup yesterday... Now it's all I can think about!Absolute slop. I have never felt compelled to write a restaurant review until now - ordered the Rad Na and was greeted with a bowl of 90% disgusting lettuce, 8% wet noodles, and 2% poorly cooked chicken DROWNED in one of the foulest sauces I have ever had the misfortune of tasting. 
I wish I took a picture, but I was distracted by the thought of how physically burning 15 dollars would have been a far better use of the money. 
That being said, the service was fine. But whomever put Rad Na on the menu either needs to change the name to "Rad, NAH" or remove it entirely. 
2/10; would rather eat reheated McDonald's.I've been to Continental Mid-town a few times for dinner with friends who are visiting from out of town. It serves for a really cool atmosphere, be it romantic or fun with friends, and also caters to a variety of palettes with their internationally varied menu. If you're here on a date, ask to get seated on the second floor with the swing set chairs (literally you're each sitting on a swing--brilliant idea right), and even further back behind the bar on the second floor are toy horse-like seats fun for happy hour or an outing with friends. We came on this particular occasion because it was the only place in Philadelphia I could think of that  would seat my large family visiting me for graduation, AND served a different atmosphere/ menu. And to say the least, they loved it. We're a very traditional family, so because each dish is served as soon as it's made, it allowed us to enjoy eating family style, sharing one dish after another fresh from the kitchen, rather than each of us ordering our own. It was a great experience and I think it's safe to say everyone came out happy and full, not to mention all taste buds from all around the world were satisfied :)Still great after all these years. The Global eclectic cuisine has something for all tastes. Everything I've tried has been on point, fresh, and well executed.
Cool atmosphere(although interior is looking a bit worn out); quality food, great service and and staff will keep me coming back for more.I really wanted to like this place. The decor and idea of international tapas had me won. When I got there, there was a long wait so my friends and I sat at the bar for about 20 minutes. We ordered the hummus, szechuan fries, chicken satay, and quesadilla.We also got the lobster mac and cheese, which was definitely the highlight of the meal but a bit too rich for me and not enough lobster. Overall, I think my expectations were too high due to all of the positive reviews on Yelp. Probably just ordered the wrong thing. I want to give it another shot, trying other interesting items because I'm sure there's a reason behind all the good reviews! But my last visit was just... meh. 
The service was inattentive too, so two stars for Continental Midtown.The roof deck at Continental Mid-Town is the place to be for happy hour. With a roof deck and great specials, it's really a no brainer that it is a great spot. 
Any time the weather is warm, expect to find a packed roof. The seating is first come, first served so keep that in mind when planning a visit. 
On my last visit the Friday before Memorial Day, the crowd was no exception. My husband and I were lucky enough to get an outdoor table and the rest was history.
We ordered a round of drinks and an appetizer each, and had a great time. I went with my Continental staple, the Astronaut, and the BBQ chicken quesadilla. The BBQ sauce was tangy and not overwhelming. It blended nicely with the melted cheese. The drizzle of sour cream and the side of salsa were a good touch. The salsa consisted of fresh chopped tomato and corn, and was very light and refreshing. The quesadillas were tasty and a great size for $6. The drink was fab as always.
The service was a well oiled machine.  Prompt and accurate. Due to the crowd, we didn't get a real one on one experience with our server but we weren't there to chat. 
When the weather is nice, I always look forward to my trips to Continental's roof deck.This is one of my favorite happy hours in Philly! 
I especially love the roofdeck for happy hour, but if you're eating dinner here, it's worth the wait for the swinging chairs upstairs.
Happy hour -- definitely go for the champagne vodka drink. It's only $6, pretty strong, and they let you choose any flavor of vodka you want to add to it even though the menu says it only comes with grape. For food, I've tried the hummus plate, feta red pepper dip, edamame, and shoestring fries. All are great snacks, but my favorite is the hummus plate because it's the most tasty and filling and comes with pita and cucumbers for dipping. The mustard sauce that comes with the fries is also delish.
Dinner -- be careful on how many drinks you order, because it really gets expensive! I recommend the lobster mac and cheese. It was delicious and was enough food for two meals. It didn't taste to fishy, either. My friend had the crab pad thai, which she said was good, but it was definitely lacking in the crabmeat -- only a few flakes sprinkled on top.
PS -- the bathroom mirrors are 2 way mirrors. I don't know how many times I've seen guys and girls checking themselves out. Or more embarrassing, one time my friend and I saw a guy picking his nose in the mirror -- so disgusting! So if it's your first time there, just know that whatever you do looking into the mirror, the people on their way to the bathroom can see everything!Great place for dinner for a night out. Trendy and a nice vibe. 
They don't take reservations so be prepared to wait. We were lucky that we only had to wait 10 minutes for a table on a Friday at 7:30
My ahi tuna was expertly prepared and was absolutely delicious. My friend ordered lobster Mac and cheese, and that was good too.
Will definitely eat here again!I have been to Continental for all different reasons. Dinner, late-night rooftop, brunch, and lunch. This last outing was for brunch. There were 5 us, and we walked in with no wait during Sunday brunch time (which we all know in Philadelphia can be a dangerous time). I got soy-burger (the waitress raved about this)...which was probably a mistake because I love meat. But hey, gotta branch out right? I'd say get the real burger next time. Their brunch is nice because they have traditional breakfast items to choose from, or lunch sandwiches, and even their specialty fun dishes (e.g. lobster mac and cheese).
In general, all the times I have eaten here, it has been decent, but nothing is mind-blowing-awesome. The restaurant has a fun feel to it, but the food is average and  pricier than it should be.Cool place - interesting drinks and food options. I got breakfast here and loved my omelette. Funky decor. Good for groups of 2-6.Looking for a way out of the big chill, we ducked into this very busy Starr spot on a Saturday afternoon.  Judging from the crowd, we expected to be added to the wait list. Were we surprised when the hostess seated us right away. Minutes later our very cheerful server arrived with menus & helpful suggestions for ordering a Continental brunch. Coffee in hand, we went with the omelets. Good choices!
This joint is jumpin'--very crowded with young, old & every variation in between. The 60's ambience seemed a bit more jaded than I'd remembered, but not so for all the patrons enjoying their meals while seated in swinging chairs on the upper level. The music's loud, but that didn't seem to inhibit all the conversations going on around us. 
All in all a good go-to spot in Center City.I love everything about Continental. It's service is incredibly quick. There is almost always a wait, but they move so quickly that the wait has never been longer than ten minutes. You can eat/drink in the lounge upstairs while waiting, but it's a little weird.
I always get the Asian salad. I love big salads, and Continental is tied for my favorite salad at a dine in restaurant (the other being Superior Grill in New Orleans). People who I've eaten with have gotten sandwiches, cocktails, french fries, and french toast and have been equally impressed. The ambience is a fun-upscale, but the prices aren't bad. I've only been for lunch or dinner, but I would imagine that it would be fun for 9 PM drinks too.
BONUS: They have swings as an option to sit in! I've never sat in the swings (might make me sick), but people seem to LOVE them.Food was great, but it's the friendly service (thanks, Isaiah!) and atmosphere that take this restaurant to the five-star level. Will definitely return on our next trip to Philadelphia.To be honest, I have never had the food at Continental.  I enjoy going here for  drinks with friends.  It's a great spot to go to on nights where the weather is warm.  They have an amazing rooftop lounge which is perfect.  During the winter, heat lamps are brought out to keep the patrons warm.The continental downtown is just okay. Me and wifey went to Dine Out for Life and support stuff. Anywho, the place is a mix of swanky and 70s all in one. The two stars were: 1. the prices were insane for the tapa sized entrees. 2. the food was so meh. Wifey had the spare rib entree which came out solo...so she ordered their fries. I had the butternut squash ravioli which really resembled dumplings (i hate dumplings). Long story short, the fries never came and my old lady just ate a couple of McMini ribs for dinner. I will warn everyone that the bathrooms are extremely creepy. There are two way mirrors in the bathrooms soooo while you check yourself out in the mirror someone can see you doing so from the hallway .Food is good, but not worth going out of your way. Overpriced for sure. Interesting decor but too cheesey for my taste. I wished the waiter would have guided us better as to how many tapas plates to order for 5 people.I originally thought This was a dinner from the outside looks, but I was very impressed with the decor inside. This is a great spot to go on a nice weather and have a seat on the rooftop. The crowed is pretty nice as well and the food is good.Amazing  ! I love they're filet mignon, french fries (which are a foot high and extremely thin and crispy), cheesteak spring rolls, and pita bread and hummus. I come ALL the time. It is a cool and funky environment. The chairs are sooo cool. If you go, ask to be seated upstairs or on the top level. On the roof, there is outside seating and an indoor one for the winter. It's amazing!The cocktails are excellent! Perfect mimosas
For a Sunday brunch. Make sure to take the elevator up to the top deck, which is sure to be crowded any time of day or year!I came here for dinner with my husband last week when we were in town for a business trip. Immediately upon entering, our eyes were drawn upwards to the large, decorative light and the swinging basket seats on the second level. From the furniture to the outfits the waitresses were wearing, we felt like we were thrown back to the '70s and thought it was kinda cool! Definitely something you don't get to experience often.
We chose the restaurant based upon its proximity to our hotel and because of a recommendation from a coworker. That said, we had no idea what type of food was served. 
After looking over the menu and speaking with our waitress (who appeared to be in training), we ordered 3 items to share - Thai Rock Shrimp Tacos, Grilled Thai Chicken Skewers, and Chopped Mexican Salad. It took a while for our food to come out and since it's an open kitchen we only received one dish at a time, not to mention one of our orders got messed up. 
Despite the slower than expected service, the food was good. The shrimp tacos were tasty, but could have used a few more pieces of shrimp. The chicken skewers had a nice marinade. And the salad had chunks of avocado, corn, and jalapeños which gave it a nice kick. My husband was still hungry so he ordered the Beer Battered Shrimp & Calamari. Again, good but not out of this word.
All in all, it was a fun experience but for the price I'd recommend going somewhere else. It would be fun to go with a group after work or for a happy hour (they had a good looking drink menu!), but wasn't my favorite dinner experience.if you are from california forget about it. maybe, have a martini on the roof, maybe...or inside where you can enjoy the kitschy 1950s/jetsons decor and then get the hell out of there. and if you are female, don't even bother trying to eat this food. you will just feel like a big bloated pig after.  yeah i don't mince words. 
i'm giving it two stars only because i think there's probably a lot of boys who love this kind of food. especially those disgusting cheesesteak egg rolls.This review is for the rooftop bar, which has a cool retro vibe.  It reminded me of some bars I went to in Miami - I almost forgot that I was in Philadelphia.  They have an extensive cocktail list, which is  reasonably priced, at least compared to NY standards (around $13).  I had two cocktails, both grapefruit based: the spring forward and pomelo.  Both were good, but I liked the pomelo the most.  The only thing that kept this place from 5 stars was the service; it took us a while to get someone's attention to order a second drink.  I'd definitely recommend this place if you're looking for a fun but laid-back cocktail bar.Lunch food was decent, portions were small since I ordered from the "tapas" section:
- Steamed edamame
- Udon with chicken dumplings: a bit too salty ($9)
Their menu is diverse with burgers, vegetarian options, "tapas" which is poorly named IMO-- it really should be called "Small Bites." 
Service was decent, but there wasn't anything too special to come back for.Holy moly, the service last Sunday was out of this world!  My family and I are in from out of town and wanted to try something fun and eclectic.  We were taken care of by the lovely Olivia, whose fun and bright attitude set the tone of our dining experience.  I ordered the seared tuna with mushroom risotto, in sweet soy. It practically melted in my mouth! Next time we're in town,  I'm going to make it a point to stop by again!I love Continental. The atmosphere + food = great brunch.
Recently went there for Sunday brunch. Waitress was friendly and prompt. Gave us tiny watermelon icy drinks to "cleanse the palate". Ordered Eggs Benedict w/ salmon which was amazing! The salmon was light and perfectly flavored.
I was still finishing up the last morsel of food on my plate and was talking to my friend next to me when the waitress took my plate away! Would have been nice if she asked if I was done.Overpriced and not the best service, but a fun atmosphere and the food is always goodStopped in for a drink on a Friday around 8pm. It was surprisingly empty for a Friday night (although the bad weather may have kept some folks away). The ambiance and decor were unique -- especially the hanging chairs, which were really comfortable -- and the service was good.
Their beer selection was rather limited. No drafts, but they did have a few local craft bottles (e.g., Yards, Troegs) in the $7-8 range. The cocktail menu was larger and more interesting. My wife had the Twizzle martini (vodka, strawberry, and lemon; $11), which was delicious and pretty large (served in a cocktail shaker). 
All in all, it was a great atmosphere for a low-key date night, and I would gladly return.Very fun place to go for any occasion.  Decor is awesome and food and drinks are tasty and we'll priced.This place has absolutely incredible decor and I just love the concept behind the restaurant, but for me there aren't a lot of vegetarian options on the menu which is why it doesn't receive a higher star rating in my books. I've tried a flatbread and ravioli dish here, which were both average tasting. The shoestring fries were amazing and unique, however, and I'd definitely recommend getting a plate of this to share for the table!
There's nothing bad about the food quality, but there's nothing stellar either. With more options and cooler menu offerings, I feel like this place could be great-- especially with the amazing decor!I went for my birthday last week and was really excited to try it. For the most part everything was okay but I do think this is way over-hyped. We went upstairs for a drink while we were waiting for a table. It was a typical upscale bar staff: attractive twenty-something's who specialize in over pouring drinks. I was excited to see one of my favorite drinks, a Last Word, on the menu. It's a particularly delicate cocktail with a lot if ingredients that can be overpowering if not mixed correctly. The bartender was free pouring and over poured maraschino liqueur which made the drink taste overly medicinal.
A few sips in we were seated and looked over the menu. I noticed the service was slow and somewhat dispassionate. It didn't really fit with the price point of the restaurant. 
The food was all incredible-- this was really the highlight of the meal. Everything we had was amazing and in perfect shareable portions. At the end of the meal they brought out an extra dessert with a sparkler, which was nice but maybe they should have brought it out before we ordered dessert because we wouldn't have ordered so much. The server also mistakenly described the desserts as one bite. I would like to meet this person who's eating those things in one bite because they're at least four to five normal sized bites.Dinner was excellent.  Staff awesome.  Gluten free options available too.  Seating was VERY comfortable too.  I didn't want to leave!I don't think Continental is a bad place by any means.  It's just not my goto place in Philadelphia.
I have been here a few times and I feel like I've experienced the run of the place.  I've had dinner downstairs and I've hung out for drinks on the rooftop.  It does have a cool vibe but I think things here are overpriced for what they are offering.
I was here recently and while I did have an enjoyable time, I think I spent more than I would have liked to on the libations.  I agree with the CMCQ's review in that respect.
I think they do some cool things with food and this place can serve as a topic of conversation for people who don't live in Philadelphia but have visited.  Chances are, they have been here or it's on their "list of things to do in Philly"  Cheers for that.
The space itself is pretty awesome.  I won't turn down an invitation to come here but I don't think it's ever been my first choice.Too much flash.  Not enough substance.  That was the worst pad thai in a 20-mile radius!  You're lucky I was hungry.I love this place. Trying to be healthier but not completely depriving myself, I usually order the Chinese chicken salad (with dressing on the side, of course) and my friends and I would order the lobster mac & cheese and share that.  The mac&cheese is a must for me everytime I come. The "mac" part is actually orzo pasta which makes it a little unique. The top also has crunchy bits (which I think are bread crumbs) that just adds a whole other textural element to the dish. 
Regardless of what you order, get the mac&cheese and share with your group!! You won't  be disappointed.
Try to come early because the wait does get long!The ambiance was nice, the service was good, the food don't taste bad, but just alright. The titles of the dishes sounded a lot more appetizing than the actual dishes. 
We had the shoestring fries and they came as a huge mountain on top of a plate. Me and my friend couldn't finish the whole pile. But it wasn't very substantial either. The sauce on it was ok the the fries itself were barely fries. I highly doubt there was even potato in it. They were super thin and had the taste and texture equivalent of just taking extremely thin batter and a extremely thin nozzle and squeezing it over a fryer. They were as satisfying as the frybits you get that aren't big enough to give to a customer and has just the end crum of a fry.  
We also ordered the bbq quesadillas. The flavor was extremely lacking. It was dull, could hardly taste the bbq, and there was too much refried beans on it. However I could be bias because I don't really like refried beans. 
And we ordered the veal and ricotta meatballs. I was excited about these because I love veal and I love ricotta cheese. I found myself highly disappointed because it tasted like meatballs I could get from Wawa. Also the dish was supposed to come with garlic bread and I swear they just gave me toasted bread with olive oil drizzled on it. I felt personally offended by it. I know garlic bread and that was not garlic bread.
The last thing we got was a blonde bombshell. I've ordered this before at continental so I knew it would be good and it didn't disappoint. It's as great as always. A nice warm blondie with vanilla ice cream and a generous amount of whipped cream on top. It was a nice ending to the meal. They say their desserts come small so they offer a flight of 3 or 5 for $16 or $27 respectively. Personally I think the dessert is perfect for one but not enough to share. 
Overall I think the food at continental is overrated. I applaud their fusion approach at the food because the ideas are very refreshing my, however the delivery is underwhelming. The food isn't bad...Just not great. But I've been told I need to try the Asian fusion items to I am willing to go back again.My friend from Philly made a reservation here and I can see why with it's unique setting! I felt like I was in scene that was part 80s and part futuristic. There were three of us which was unfortunate because the swings looked like so much fun and are for a table of two however I was told that the seats are actually not that comfortable for long periods of time.
Here is what we ordered:
* Lobster mac and cheese
* French onion soup dumplings
* Philly cheesesteak egg rolls
* Pork tacos
* S'more dessert
The first three were rich and heavy but were tasty - the lobster in the mac and cheese seemed kind of stringy tho I kept eating it. The pork tacos and the dessert were really good too! I also had the Perfect Pear cocktail upon recommendation of our waitress and it did not disappoint - was very good!! Our waitress was awesome too. We stayed much longer after paying our bill and she did not kick us out. Overall a great and fun meal!Nice decor. Very dark so it seems it's supposed to be romantic/intimate, but it can get very loud. The bar on the roof has an awesome view (as any rooftop), and a cool bar. Went up even on a cold night, and it was still nice with the heated lamps. I've come often enough to try just about everything. 
Food : 3/5 I've tried just about everything and nothing "wowed" me but I didn't find anything to be digusting, so I don't think you can go wrong with the food.
Service : 5/5 Bartenders and serve staff are great and attentive. 
Ambiance : 2/5 Again, "romantic," yet very loud. I found myself having to yell across the table (and it's not a long table at all) lol. 
I do like coming here though, so definitely give it a try and judge for yourself ;)The food is pretty good here. Came on a Sunday evening and it was pretty crowded so the city must love it. There was a 30 minute wait but we went upstairs to the roofdeck and got a table in no time. Salmon poke bowl was delicious and the cheesesteak egg rolls were pretty good. 
Service was great. The server was awesome at helping me choose between different items. It also came out pretty quickly as well. Although it's February, the weather was good so outside was the perfect ambiance.Let me first start off by saying that I LOVE Steven Starr restaurants! The experience I had most recently at Continental Mid-town was beyond disappointing. I have been to Continental more times then I can count over the years. I have been there for dates, dinner, cocktails, parties, work gatherings etc. 
My experience was on Friday September 5th in the evening. My boyfriend and I were out with another couple when we decided to get dinner. Why not Continental? It's a great go to place with multiple people. 
The evening started out as normal. Our waitress was very kind. I didn't even think to complain when I received my mid-town mocha and it wasn't to normal standard. (Instead of looking more chocolate-y, it was a clear brown). We ordered about 6 to 7 dishes. One of those dishes being the cheese steak egg rolls. Which are always yummy. Well, this is where the night turned. I went to try the cheese steak egg roll and as I took a bite and went to pull away something VERY tough was between my teeth. Thats when I noticed I was pulling out of the spring roll a large piece of plastic. In shock I looked to my boyfriend and placed it on my plate. Our waitressed happened to be walking by and he grabbed her. She immediately grabbed the plate, said I am so sorry and walked away. About two minutes later she came back to the table with a new plate of spring rolls. That seemed a little bit to normal for me. I honestly was so disgusted I could not eat any longer. After sitting there for about ten min and not having the waitress or a manager come speak to us to apologize I decided to speak to someone.   
I waited at the hostess station for a manager. I see a man running the down stairs towards me. I say hi and he asks, "you are the one that found a small piece of plastic in your egg roll?" I said small? I said it was a very large piece. He then proceeded to show me with his hands and say "So you mean it was this big" placing his hands shoulder with apart. I said no but any piece of plastic is large enough. (Mind you the piece of plastic was 3-4 inches long and an inch wide). He then went on a rant where 1 in a thousand times something like this happens and I happened to be that thousandth person. That these things happen all the time working in food. That all their food is fresh and they have some old woman come in every morning making those egg rolls with love. He was very patronizing and dismissive. He seemed overwhelmed and clearly does not know how to speak to people. He said that the spring rolls would be free (haha, ok) and my drink would be free.
I returned to my table and explained to everyone what happened and they were all taken back as to how condescending the manager was towards me. The waitress also brought over a random blue moon for anyone to drink at our table. Umm ok, thats weird. No one was drinking a blue moon. 
I will not return to Continental Mid-town ever again. Living in a city like Philly there are endless places to choose from for drinks and food. Continental Mid-town will NOT be one of them. The manager did not help the situation and made my decision so much easier to never return. 
I work in customer service myself and we all know that no matter how stressful things are and crazy they can get that we always need to stay professional and calm and treat our customers with respect. Bad news travels to so many more people then good news. This manager did not do his restaurant any favors that night.Wow, what an experience and let me tell you about it. $5 coronas, rooftop experience with these amazing Philadelphia Palm trees. It's an experience that makes you feel like your right in your backyard! Oh and let's not forget about the food. The Quinoa salad is to die for and the eggs Benedict are a top 1 experience. With breakfast until 4pm you have all day to try them. I don't say this often but this place may be top 1 in the Philadelphia center city market! Come try it out!been here twice. 
first time, dinner with friends.  luckily, they offered to pay, but i felt to horrible, i had to chip in.  the cocktail price is high (i dont drink so i dont care that much, just a bit of pity for my drinking friends).  food was delicious, sans the lobster mac and cheese, which sounded so good but was completely worthless. 
the shoestring fries tower was enough to feed me for weeks.  the sauce it comes with is heavenly!!   the only thing is, for four of us, we each chose 2-3 items from the menu, which was way too many.  we had heard so many things about the portion sizes being small (i mean, it is supposed to be tapas) but we definitely over ordered. 
the waitstaff and food runners were friendly enough, but i think they tried to bring us food that wasnt for our table, but we had ordered so much food we didnt remember. 
second time, out for drinks only for a friends bachelorette.  we went to the rooftop bar, naturally.  it was really loud, you couldnt really talk or hear yourself think.  it would have been nice if the mood lighting was a bit moodier, so that maybe we could see some other people.  we stayed for one round and then left for another place.   
the decor is nice, and its a cute place to take someone to visit if you want them to be impressed by fancy cocktails and a swanky restaurant.Best dinner I've had in all of Philadelphia. We had the shoestring fries, philly cheesesteak springroll, grilled octopus and lobster orzo and cheese. None were bad choices at all. We left extremely satisfied with our meal. The portions were medium-big for tapas so they were great for sharing with our group of four.
The only bad thing was that our drinks were not strong at all, which kind of sucks when you're paying $10+ for them. 
But otherwise, the food was great.My partner and I were recommended this place considering it was a one minute walk from our hotel. First off, the service was great. The woman that took care of us was very warm and attentive. Ambiance in this restaurant was very modern and dim, sort of made me want to live there. We order a peach/tang martini to start and it was fabulous. The drink we ordered had ACTUAL tang on the rim of the glass, it made me feel so nostalgic, I absolutely loved that. 
         Brisket on bao buns was the starter dish, thinking back we should have ordered 5 more. The portions were perfect, the meat was succulent and melted in your mouth to the point where I was hoping it would never come to an end. Our final course was the Peruvian skirt steak and although the steak was perfect in taste, texture and with no surprise cooked to perfection our potato hash could have used a little less salt. 
         All in all this place offers amazing food, atmosphere and overall experience. I will be counting the days until I can visit Philly again.I've been to the Continental quite a few times and it's always a go-to place if I have a friend visiting the city, or if I just want to go out for a something to eat. The menu is small, but with that being said, they have a variety of options of different types of cuisine and you're sure to find something you like.
The ambiance is lovely. Large and spacious two-floored interior with a nice bar in the back. On the upper layer, you can sit in basket swing seats. Be warned though, as cute as they are, they're not exactly comfortable or conducive for eating. They're a bit far from the table and you have to lean forward a bit while also trying not to fall out of the seat.
I docked one star for the price (not expensive but kinda up there for the portion sizes and quality of food) and also the bathroom. The bathrooms have a cool concept, but lack privacy. The bathrooms share a small standing area with two-way mirrors for each bathroom. So while we are in the bathroom looking in the mirror, the people in the hall way (men or women) can see what you're doing. Luckily for women, the stalls are to the side so you can't see the actual toilets from outside. Unfortunately, for the men's bathroom, the same two-way mirror concept applies but the urinals are visible from outside in the standing area, so the privacy for them is even less. Again, really cool concept, poor execution.
Overall, The Continental has ok food, awesome ambiance and decor, and is a nice place to check out if you're in the city.The beer was way overpriced, and so were the mixed drinks. The good thing was that the mixed drinks were super strong - the rum and Coke was nearly translucent.
The roof deck bar area is just an air conditioned space on the roof, which was kind of disappointing. The music in the bar area was incredibly loud, except it's not an environment conducive to dancing. The result is lots of people sitting on couches shouting at one another.Continental is pretty consistently a crowd pleaser.  I don't go that often, but recently when some friends were in from out of town and we were looking for a late dinner we ended up here.  The ladies enjoyed the Twizzle.  Most of us weren't that hungry so we ordered our own small plates.  I had the pork tacos which were good, and quite filling.  Others ordered the french onion soup dumplings, the cheesesteak egg rolls, and the bbq chicken quesadilla.  Everyone really enjoyed their food, and we had a good time hanging out.  The service was really good, and no one rushed us out after the check was paid.Cool spot that is ideal for outdoor seating, but be prepared for smokers. They have a lot of martinis and a cocktail list that uses top shelf liquor. I like that they give you the cocktail shaker with your drink. Our waitress seemed a little overwhelmed, forgot the water I ordered for the table, and then brought it only for me.
The inside seemed a little shi-shi but the outdoor space seemed laid back enough. Seems like the kind of place that would have had a dress code but no one seemed to care.My boyfriend and I went here yesterday to celebrate our anniversary and I absolutely love it here. The atmosphere was really awesome and the whole design of the place was great. We sat in the swinging chairs, which I really liked. The only thing was that you were a little further away from your food. But you have to pick and choose your battles it wasn't that bad. Our waiter was awesome last night. He checked up on us frequently and was just a really nice dude. We ordered the shoestring fries, which seemed like a must have on everyone's plate. They come with a wasabi tasting type of sauce. Then we ordered the BBQ chicken quesadilla and the baja shrimp tacos and they were both absolutely amazing. There were also a few other things on the menu I would have liked to try. So I will definitely be returning!I like everything about this place except the prices. Do not go here if you're starving. You'll want to order everything and it will cost a fair amount.
The best thing to do is go with a group of 3 or 4 people and order a ton of things and then split it all. The salads are humongous btw. Everything is tasty, well-made and it's easy to tell that it was made fresh and with a fair bit of skill. There are no sloppy dishes or sauce-seeping through the bread kind of meals here. Everything is well prepared and presented neatly. (The only exception I felt was the pad-thai. Noodles were not loose and easy to separate. Felt a bit slimy and stuck together but still tasted great so who cares.)
This is a good spot for dinner or dates or groups. Their desserts/tapas are all really good too and some may find them to be way too sweet (not me!). 
The service was a bit lackluster on both occasions- probably because the staff loses interest in you when you don't order booze. I'm guessing they expect bad tips after that.This is one of my favorite places in Philly. It's one of those places you must visit.
The atmosphere, service, drinks, and especially the food are incredible.
Our server was super nice.
The decor of the restaurant was unique/interesting--this includes the seating, lighting, and general layout.
The drinks were good--the cocktails were tasty and it was my first time having Yeungling beer.
Lastly, the food was exquisite--I've never really had anything like it.
You should order:
French Onion Soup Dumplings
Jumbo Lump Crab Pad Thai
Lobster Mashed Potatoes
But honestly, everything on the menu looks worthwhile.
What a good find in Philadelphia.Came here on a Sunday for brunch.. ambiance was really cool and the place was really spacious.. 
Got the huevos rancheros and brioche french toast and they were both delicious.. normal portion sizes.. and neither dish was extremely heavy. I felt comfortably full after this meal.I really can't think of a reason to not like the Continental. This place has it all.
In fact, when I walked by the other day a lady asked me "Do you know what kind of food this place serves", I quickly responded: "Something for everyone...a little bit of everything." I think that this statement pretty much sums up their menu. From French Onion Soup Dumplings to Pad Thai, their menu is extremely eclectic.
Their drinks (while small) are perfectly concocted and interesting.  I usually go with their dirty martini which is make perfectly.
Their prices are typical for a tapas place in the heart of Rittenhouse Square. I've never left hungry and I don't think you will either as long as you order enough tapas. I recommend ordering 3 tapas for every 2 people in your party.
Oh I should probably mention that the roof top deck is very swanky...very LA-like. It makes you feel like you've "made it" even if you're a starving artist or broke student. 
This place will quickly become a regular spot for you if your new to the area and it's also a great place to take out of town guests.This restaurant has DELICIOUS food. My friends and I stopped in after a long morning of exploring the city and the meal did not disappoint. We got the Thai chicken skewers, French onion soup dumplings, and lobster Mac and cheese, which we all split. The French onion soup dumplings were my favorite and a super unique treat, but it was all greAt. I'd order it all again. I think the best method when dining here is to order a bunch to split amongst the table so you can try a bit of everything. Also, the inside of the restaurant is very cool and they have hanging chairs that make for a cute instagram picture as an added bonus. Sorry for the lack of pictures of our food, we ate so quickly we forgot to take any. But take my word for it .This place is absolutely amazing!  Our server (Kate) was so sweet and kind -- a true asset to the restaurant. The food was awesome and I would recommend it to anyone.I like Continental because it is consistently decent.  The food is good (I like the calamari salad), and the portions are bigger than the typical tapas/small plates restaurant.  In terms of service, my only grip is that sometimes the servers are a little snooty.  But every time I get seated, the service is satisfactory.   The bartenders upstairs are generally pretty easy to chat with.  The rooftop lounge (3rd f) is a nice outdoor place to hang out when the weather is warm.  The Continental isn't my favorite place, but it is a reliable place for moderately upscale American food.As a New Yorker, Philly is often our "long weekend" destination.  The Continental is typically our "first meal in town" spot. The food is outstanding--great variety, well made, fresh. The atmosphere in the evening is lively--like you stepped into a great party. At night the place is always packed and loud.
We're a mixed couple: SK is a carnivore, I'm a vegetarian. Continental satisfies my desire to find more than a garden salad on the menu...and her desire to eat meat. Even with her meaty tendencies, SK loves sharing my vegetarian dishes.  Most of the time we have a great experience (which is why this place is on our must hit list) but our last visit exposed some chinks in the armor. 
The Continental has an upscale mid-century vibe--but very casual. Booths on the first floor look like bench seats in a 50's era Lincoln Continental. Upstairs the booths are more traditional and swanky. And then there are the swinging cage-like basket chairs... Sexy lighting at night and pumping music rounds out the space. They only take reservations for large groups. Probably the one down side are the hostesses, who are a bevy of usually cute, barely legal girls huddled at the host station. They always seem  disinterested in the arriving guests, and almost annoyed that you are interrupting their snickerfest as they whisper and comment on everyone at each table.
The restaurant offers sidewalk seating during warm weather--just a few tables. We sat outside to enjoy the evening air, hear each other talk, and people watch. It seems they are not quite equipped to handle the three or four tables on the street. Our waitress was friendly and attentive at first--drinks arrived fast. We placed our food order and then...the sound of crickets. While two other outside tables were tended to by another waiter, we sat. And sat.  And sat. Our food finally came out. The mushroom flatbread--hot, savory and awesome--but noticeably smaller than when we were in town a couple of months earlier. And the Black Quinoa Tabbouleh Salad. Crazy good! Black quinoa, chopped spinach, feta, tomato & olives tossed in lemon vinaigrette,  We asked the runner for a couple of small plates because we were sharing. "Sure!" He was gone...
Crickets.
Finally flagging down someone else we again asked for plates--"Oh, and can I have another glass of wine please?" SK asked.  Guy #4 (I'm losing count), who we later found out was the manager, brought out the plates. While finishing our appetizers and waiting for the wine, I bit down on something hard in the Quinoa Tabbouleh salad. There are no hard ingredients in this salad. It was a chipped piece of a plate. None of our plates were chipped so it came from the kitchen.
Our waitress finally reappeared and we asked if we could speak to a manager. Guy #4 (the manager) shows up. He appeared sort of stunned and a bit overwhelmed. He awkwardly and honestly apologizes, which we accepted. Then he looks at me and says, "You still seem upset?"
Dude--I just crunched down on a sharp piece of porcelain the size of a dime. I'm a little...um...unhappy.
Now, I will say this: he and our waitress did the right thing. Yes, he was awkward and could use some training on how to better deal with this kind of situation; and our waitress apologized profusely for the not-great-service--and the chunk of plate. The manager comped our entire meal--which we didn't ask for or expect. 
About the rest of the meal: it was delicious--and ceramic-free. SK ordered a special  involving fish (sorry, I normally pay attention but this time I was distracted) and she said it was great. There were many, "Mmmmm" sounds and "perfect!" coming from her side of the table. I had the spinach ravioli which features a handmade transparent pasta and a savory, light spinach filling with an aromatic basil tomato sauce. And because it was so good we ordered another mushroom flatbread which seems to have truffle oil on it, but it's portabella, shiitake & caramelized shallots. Yum-STERS. 
We ordered a few more drinks and insisted they charge us for them and tipped our waitress on what we would have been charged for the whole meal. Because we didn't trip-out, everyone left feeling pretty ok and that's good. We'll be back. The food is good, a potentially bad situation was handled well and we had a story to remember. Next time we order the Black Quinoa, I may just think about sifting it before we eat it.Order the bruschetta. I'll elaborate later, but that was by far the highlight of our night.
I went here with my boyfriend for a Friday night date because it has American-style food for him and plenty of vegetarian options for me (although their website doesn't indicate it, there's an entire section of veg tapas). When we arrived, we were told it would be about a 30 minute wait so we headed over to the first floor bar. I ordered the Midtown Mocha, an alcoholic chocolate milk served with a cookie. It was perfectly balanced without being too sweet. We were pleasantly surprised to find that our table was ready as soon as we got our drinks (~10 minutes) and were seated on the first floor. 
The restaurant is dimly lit and loud so it's probably not the best choice for your grandmother's 80th birthday party, but it's great for a night out with friends. The menu features about 35 different tapas plus an assortment of salads. Our server suggested ordering 4 for the 2 of us, so we selected the lamb flatbread, mushroom flatbread, bruschetta, and szechuan shoestring fries. 
The food comes out as it's prepared and is designed for sharing. First came the mushroom flatbread, which was crispy around the edges, but droopy in the middle and a bit too greasy for my liking. Soon after, we received the bruschetta: peppery arugula mixed with tangy goat cheese and grape tomatoes atop crusty bread. I wish we had ordered 2. Then came the lamb flatbread, which my boyfriend loved. It included small chunks of lamb with a spicy sauce, cheese, and a sprinkling of chickpeas. Finally, we received the shoestring fries. These are probably better described as shoestring chips since the thin threads of potato are too crispy to be fries in my opinion. They make for a showstopping presentation piled about a foot high on a large round plate. They're tricky to eat since they crumble so easily, but are a salty treat accompanied by a spicy mustard sauce. 
At the end of the night, we were pleased to find that the great experience was topped off with a small bill. We can't wait to go back and check out the upstairs (especially the swings!).Lotta fun, lotta noise....lotta choice!! 
This place is pricey, I wont kid ya....the tapas are small and the prices on the larger side, but what they do, they do well.....
Hands down best cheesecake I have ever tried....fluffy and rich, biscotti crust, rich caramel on top. that Onglet hangar could have been a wee more tender. blue cheese and smooth mashed potatoes, cooked med rare. And that buttery ahi tartare with the crispiest of sesame crusted wonton skins, with a tahini-like dip. Mushroom flatbread with winful wonderful cheese....yum
That shanghai martini and warm monkey dessert with banana wonton beignet-ey things and vanilla ice cream....more yum.
Dont come if you hate low lighting, a little retro, and a whole lotta noise!! Open late.My one of my most favorite Starr Restaurants. The drinks and food are always top notch. Bring back my tiramisu waffle though! I used to come for brunch just for that!I just had the worst experience there. Food was undercooked and overcooked.  The server was extremely unfriendly and made it seem like we were wasting his time. When we voiced our displeasure,  the server offered fresh poached but he wanted to reuse the hard English muffins. That was after I had to go to the bar to get the stuff we needed. By then our food was getting cold, I declined and asked for the check. My husband's eggs were extremely runny and after my experience, didn't bother to complain. Even though you could tell by our plates that we didn't like it, we still got charged full prize. I understand about my husband's since he did not complain but I got to leave still hungry.  We've been here many times and food was always wonderful but this time it was horrible. The bartender should not be serving tables if he can't be at least slightly friendly.Fun atmosphere and good food. A little pricey but the food is good quality so it's worth it. I would recommend the wings, lobster mac and cheese, and rad na thai. The swinging chairs are my favorite :)I don't normally like places like this (a little too nice for my tastes), but they had Lagunitas IPA which is always a good sign.Been here twice. One for a friends birthday party and one for friends visiting me in Philadelphia. It's very group friendly. First time I had the steak dish, it was good. The portion size is a little bit small though. The second time we had lobster mac and cheese, philly cheese steak.. except it was like served in a wrapped in a roll.With fried outside, and cheesesteak filling- spicy too. It was interesting. We also had some salad with cheese bits, don't remember the name of that, but salad can never go wrong.Continental Mid-town is one of my go-to spots in Center City. It has offerings to satisfy picky/safe eaters, foodies, and those who love fun cocktails.
My favorite is to go for lunch, which tends to be more reasonably priced, either for the Continental Cheeseburger or the Continental Salad. Other crowd pleasers: the Lobster Mac'n'Cheese (with orzo!), the Astronaut cocktail, the Rad Na Thai Chicken, and the Korean Pork Taco.
One thing to note: when I dine in for dinner, I generally substitute out the chicken and substitute in the seared tuna for the Continental Salad; however, when I ordered take-out this evening the request had to be manager-approved and then when I went to pay the receipt was swapped at the last minute for one with a $10 price increase after confirming "which kind of tuna" I was getting (not sure what the other option would have been...). (All I'm saying is that it would've been nice to at least have been notified of the price difference.)I came here with a big group from work on a random weeknight about a month ago, and we just about ordered everything on the menu. I'm pretty sure that our group of overworked recent grads with gaunt faces and credit cards at the ready looked like a blessing from heaven to our waiter... Who was super, super nice to us. Obviously it was going to be a huge tip, but I appreciated it anyway. 
I usually don't do this for reviews but since we ordered so much, I'll list out the individual dishes with short comments on each.
Not Great Stuff
- Jumbo Lump Crab Cake - Not anything special, but if you're really craving crab cakes or something, it's fine.
- Korean Pork Tacos - Meh. Too much sauce, which made it taste really unbalanced.
- Thai Chicken Lettuce Wraps - Not great... I'm a fan of P.F. Chang's more so than this, which I think says something about Continental's.
- Jumbo Lump Crab Pad Thai - Forgettable, but I'm not into crab being paired with pad thai, so take that into account.
- Ahi Tuna Tartare - Not great. I've had better at more than a few places.
- French Onion Soup Dumplings - Kinda weird... I don't really think the heaviness of french onion soup in dumplings is a good combo.
- Crispy Calamari Salad - Just kinda tasteless... The calamari was more like crunchy stuff. And then salad. So yeah.
Pretty Good Stuff
- Black Quinoa 'Tabbouleh' Salad - Pretty good. I'm not a fan of vegan or vegetarian or quinoa in general, so I think the fact that this tasted all right was... well, all right.
- Lobster Mac 'n Cheese - One of their better seafood dishes.
- Rad Na Thai Chicken - Pretty good! I'd say worth a try.
- Szechuan Shoestring Fries - This was the real highlight. Our table couldn't stop downing and eventually fighting over these. Crunchy, flavorful, and interesting.
Honestly, I think we got more, but I can't remember, so it probably wouldn't be fair to review it. But I think that's what Continental is kind of like. Other than a few good dishes, the food pretty forgettable, so I'm kinda between 3 and 4 stars on this one. I'd say it's worth going to if you're just getting a couple of dishes and then drinks on the rooftop, or if you're more of an environment/ambience person who appreciates dining in classic decor.
Quick note - Watch out for the two-way bathroom mirrors. I had no idea but I went on kind of an empty night and I don't think (or rather, I really hope I don't) have any embarrassing bathroom habits. I've definitely been part of groups that watch and make fun of dudes zipping up their pants at the mirror and not washing their hands at other restaurants/bars, though, so just keep that in mind :)The food is honestly just decent and not exactly worth the price. The smoked tuna was probably the best but nothing particularly stood out. I think the atmosphere is pretty nice but wouldn't really come here again except possibly for special events. 
Got the melon drop martini and it was too sweet.obviously i love the continental in olde city, so i went here with a friend for a few drinks. i was raving about the strawberry basil martini i get every time in the olde city restaurant - and was HORRIBLY disappointed at the incredibly limited drink menu! there were tons of drinks missing... but needless to say i had a few martinis anyway. (twizzle, i think it was. it was essentially a strawberry martini with a twizzler in the bottom. and one blueberry-lavender one that didn't really taste at all like lavender.) the ones i had were pretty good. i was hoping for a much larger drink menu though. for $12 martinis, i was hoping for a bit more variety.
after going out here for drinks, another friend and i ended up here for brunch to avoid a massive rainstorm. instead of getting my rad na thai noodle salad (in some aspects i'm a creature of habit. if it aint' broke, why fix it?) i got the lobster mac n cheese. instead of macaroni, it was made with orzo and had a crispy crumbly top. it needed salt, but most things do so that's not really an issue. it was okay - not as good as i was hoping but still tasty. you can't go wrong with cheese, let's be honest. we also got bloody mary's - my friend got the bacon-infused mary. it sounds gross, but really it was just a bloody mary with a hint of smoky flavor at the end. it was really good! i find it really difficult to find a good bloody mary - they're either too strong, too spicy, or taste like cocktail sauce (too much horseradish). both of ours were fantastic. 
all in all, i do like the continental - but the one in olde city is WAY better.
there is a cool rooftop patio, though. in the evening it's really nice to sit up there and have a few drinks. you can also smoke up there if you are so inclined. note that you should get there early because obviously on a nice evening outside seating is at a premium.-great lounge/bar located in the rear of the restaurant on the second floor 
(separate side entrance to this bar)
-food is consistent/great
-swinging bird chairs is a must!
-many sweet brunch selections!  (nutella on toast, stuffed french toast, fried bannana 
fritters.
-highly recommend!Went here a few times with my fiancee.  The place wasn't packed but had a fun, lively feel to it.  The menu was different than what I had experienced prior.  This was the first place I had encountered wasabi mashed potatoes and it was pretty good.  The duck was great and the drinks even better.  The lobster mac and cheese was unique too, though it wasn't as good.  Guess I'm too much of a hardcore mac and cheese guy (go hot dogs!!).My favorite restaurant in Philly.   I have been here many times and it is the perfect combination between amazing food and low prices.  It is great for groups because the menu is perfect for sharing.  My favorite is the calamari salad with some type of ginger dressing.  It is awesome.Good Vibe. Great Selection of Sharing Plates that suit everyone's cuisine preference. I was a fan of the Lamb Flatbread, Beef Kebab, Cheesesteak egg rolls and the tuna Tartare...I was sadly disappointed. Honestly the place is adorable, and if I were taken here on a date I'd be giddy as a schoolgirl. I'd have to agree with the other reviewers that the food just isn't that good. They'd be good on their own if the prices weren't so trendy high (if that makse sense). You're clearly just paying for the cool bubble lights on the ceiling, the swinging cage chairs, and nice rooftop bar area. 
$18 lobster mac and cheese was actually lobster and cheesy rice. Definitely rice... not orzo or anything pasta looking. It was very delicious! Would've been too intense as an entree, so I'd recommend sharing this. As tasty as it was, I think it was a little too creamy rich for me. My stomach was a bit gurgly afterwards. 
The $12 lettuce wraps are tasty but nothing special. I'd rather go to a real Asian place and get it for half the price. Seriously. The flavor's just missing a certain... oomph to it. And the mix was watery. 
The carrot cake dessert was very tasty though! The frosting was perfect, and I liked the rum soaked currants and ice cream on the side. For $5 it was a nice small dessert.
However, the servers are super friendly. The place is very trendy and adorable. The service is SUPER quick. It's definitely a great place to have a night "out on the town". But if you're looking for real food, I wouldn't come here.
I'll review again when I try their drinks...Dropped in here for post drinks and dessert. We had the smores and a cupcake...the dessert was meh..the ambience is really cool..gives a good retro 80s vibe..so, i have been here 2 times now... the philly cheese steak egg rolls are awesome... the crab cakes were just ok.... the ambience is nice and i love the seats...
another time i went for brunch, it was good as well....I've been here a couple of times and have been pretty satisfied. The udon noodle soup is out of this world, I get it every time.The cheesesteak egg rolls are also pretty good, but super heavy. The cocktails are a little overpriced, but still good. The old fashioned I ordered did its job. 
As for the seating, I'm not a fan of the egg chairs on the upper floor. They make it hard to sit close to the table and generally aren't very comfortable. 
The service was great whenever I've gone. It's been quick, perhaps a little too quick, and I've never had qualms when I was being waited on. I would recommend this to anyone.This is my absolute favorite place to go for happy hour. The roof deck and bar lounge on the second floor is super swanky. My favorite drink is the twizzle so tasty!Average food, definitely not worth the price. But what I can say is that it's absolutely beautiful on the inside and I loved their friendly service! I would not come here for great food, but the ambience. 
What I tried: 
-Thai chicken skewers: 
juicy and tender, but the curry could've been thicker 
-Shoestring fries: 
slightly salty, but overall worth the try due its creativity. Make sure you like horseradish though, otherwise ask for on the side! 
-Cheesesteak eggrolls: 
literally cheesesteak in an egg roll form! Great for those who love both!
-Crab pad thai: 
DONT GET, not worth $18. too salty and there was no crab taste infused with the dish. Literally tiny crab bits were just thrown in. Such a disappointing dish. 
-Roasted octopus:
Really good! My favorite dish for the night, but definitely not worth $16.50 for only 5 small slices. Something to consider if you want to try or notI've been to this location countless times, and, each time, the food, service, and ambiance seem to be going more downhill.
Ambiance - 
About a decade ago, Continental Mid-town was the best hangout. There's an awesome openness to the two-story hip and modern take on 70s style dining room. The third level has a bar and an indoor-outdoor dining area deck. During our last visit approximately two weeks ago, the furniture and fixtures looked worn down and dirty. The Continental is a wildly successful concept and there's no shortage of wealth at Starr Restaurants. I'd like to see them allocate funds to freshen the decor.
Tuna Tartare (Sesame Crackers, Asian Love Sauce) - 3 out of 5
This is my favorite dish at The Continental. The tuna always tastes fresh, is seasoned well, and, at $11, it's a great value. Liberally sesame-crusted crackers, which are shaped like tortilla chips, add a nice nutty richness to the tartare. Obligatory spicy mayo, aka "Asian Love Sauce," contributes a creamy spiciness to the dish. 
Thai Rock Shrimp Tacos (Grapefruit, Coconut-Peanut Salsa & Sweet Chili Mayo) - 2 out of 5
I admire the creativity in the flavors here: sweet tropical fruit, hot fried tempura batter, and the spicy mayo all worked together to produce an adequate dish. Few, tiny shrimp were overshadowed by the too-thick tempura batter.
Jumbo Lump Crab Pad Thai (Rice Noodles, Tofu, Egg, Scallions & Peanuts) - 2 out of 5
Perhaps I'm spoiled by the plethora of great Thai options in Philly and the suburbs. I expected an intersection of acidity from lime juice, sweet and nutty peanut sauce, silky richness from the noodles, and a little spicy and zing from the scallions. What we received was an under-seasoned dish that seemed sloppily thrown together.
Chicken Lettuce Wraps (Bibb Lettuce & Peanut Sauce) - 1 out of 5
I was looking for a healthier option for my entree and decided to try the Chicken Lettuce Wraps. The dish consisted of a bowl of chicken and mixed Asian vegetables a la Chinese moo shu; garnished with a side of peanut sauce and a stack of fresh Bibb lettuce leaves. The stir fry mixture was very bland. Similarly, the peanut sauce tasted watery and flavorless. There needed to be a more prevalent peanut taste and viscosity in the sauce. I was pretty disappointed and will not be ordering this again.
Overall - 2 out of 5
There are certain restaurants where the food feels infused with love and passion. Unfortunately, the Continental is not one of those places. The plates looked rushed and it felt like the chefs were just throwing food out to sling plates as fast as possible. The food was average and uninspired. There was no delicacy or concern for minor details in presentation of the food nor the appearance of the restaurant. Maybe, after nearly a decade in the city, it's time to re-examine the menu and renovate.The Continental has a very cool interior design. It feels like they took a modern spin on a 50s vintage diner. My dining companions and I chose to split 4 dishes. We agreed upon the fried calamari salad, lobster Mac and cheese, cheesesteak spring rolls and the bbq chicken quesadilla! The quesadilla came in a smaller portion than expected. All were quite delectable and I would get them all again!4 Stars for the TWIZZLE! The best drink I've had in Philly to date. 
If you like specialty martinis I think this place is definitely worth a shot.I feel like this must be a place that relies more heavily on presentation than substance.
I was in town visiting from Los Angeles, and my friend's friend showed us around and brought us here for dinner on a Thursday at 8 pm. Although the place was quite busy, we were still seated immediately. It's a very trendy space with decor that somehow seems to me to be both retro and futuristic at the same time. Kudos to Continental for their interior space design. We were seated in one of the booths in the bottom floor.
For about $60, three of us split the Lobster Mac 'n' Cheese, Lamb Flatbread, Thai Rock Shrimp Tacos, and Szechuan Shoestring Fries. All of it looked a lot nicer than it really tasted, and ultimately, I didn't really care for any of them at all. I thought that the most interesting of these dishes was the Lobster Mac 'n' Cheese, since it was made with orzo pasta rather than macaroni, so it was a nice, unexpected twist on a classic.
I didn't care for the fries at all, which were so thin and fried to a crisp that they tasted like nothing of substance to me... my friend liked them though, and likened the flavor to a potato chip. Yes, I can agree with that - it's so thin and fried that it loses whatever semblance to a potato it once had. It was also flavored with some sort of wasabi (or other mustard?) which I disliked as well, mostly only because I'm personally not a fan of wasabi or mustard in general.
I kinda liked the lamb flatbread, but not enough to appreciably raise my opinion of the food at this restaurant. Go ahead and come here for the experience and the ambiance if you like, but ultimately, the food is a pass for me. To each his/her own!
Also, the two-way mirrors in the bathrooms are a turnoff for me... I know that it's not pointed at the women's stalls, but I really didn't want to use the restroom in a voyeur's paradise. Please let me pee and wash up in peace and relative privacy.I've heard mixed reviews about Continental's dinner and brunch, but their desserts drew me here. I saw a picture of their "s'more cones" floating around the internet, and I thought "I must have that." Unfortunately, only after we were seated on their peculiar but nifty swing seats on the 2nd level did we learn that the cones were part of an "old menu" and no longer available. We ordered the "ordinary" s'mores anyway, in additional to the "blonde bombshell," which, true to its name, was hot and fun. I definitely want to return for dessert.Great food, and our server Tyler was very friendly, helpful, and attentive. Will definitely be back soon!I went here for brunch last week and I was not disappointed.
My friend and I started with a pitcher of sangria. It was a seasonal sangria and I believe it had blueberries and peaches in it. It was so good. We devoured the pitcher. I can't say it was very strong but it was tasty.
For appetizers, we got the French onion soup dumplings. They were good but they were not my favorite. They seemed to more doughy in my opinion and not enough flavor. Not bad though. We also had the seared tuna on a bed of mushroom risotto. This was outstanding. The tuna was seared to perfection and I could have eaten the mushroom risotto every day for the rest of my life. 
My friend ended up getting the turkey burger blt which was huge. She enjoyed it. I was afraid to get the curry chicken naan-wich. You never know how strong the curry will be and I knew I was going out that night with a friend. The waiter who was also pretty good assured me that it wasn't a strong curry and tasted kind of sweet. I decided to get it and I am so glad that I did. It was delicious. Everything about it was perfect.
I had a great meal here and will be coming back.Great place and I go there frequently. Happy hour on the rooftop is hard to beat. Regular entrees and drinks are pricey, but happy hour is a good deal. Love their tuna-tar-tar, cheesesteak egg rolls, and hummus.Our first time having brunch in Philadelphia, we were looking for something close to the hotel that didn't require a reservation. Called beforehand and the hostess was very polite. Parking is tricky in the area, so be prepared. We sat upstairs and the ambiance of the restaurant was great; it can be loud but wasn't a problem for us. I love the seating arrangements  and overall decor. Our food and drinks were great, enjoyed everything except the server took a long time in between getting water, ordering food and drinks.3.5/5
Went here recently and had a decent breakfast, nothing to get to excited about but everything was nice and fresh. Great Hollandise sauce here and the menu has some great options. Also a lot of Bruch style cocktails available as well. Service was a bit slow but it was pretty busy. 
Overall good place to come to if in the area, would come back again.Continental is a very cool place.  The rooftop bar is great and the drinks are amazing but pricey.  I had lunch here, which were on the smaller side.  The food was good and staff was very friendly, they even gave me a free cake for my birthday when I didn't even ask for one.  I do plan on gong back for dinner, which I have heard has larger portions and more worth the price.So I have an old friend from High School who grew from a young hi-roller into a slightly older hi-roller.  When we started hanging out again, he had selected a few spots in Philly to make his stomping gronds, and got to become very good friends with the folks there...and he picked the Conty Midtown as his restaurant of choice.  Now, I have been to the Conty for dinner, dates, drinks on the roofdeck, and most recently, to try the new menu.  I'd say I know the place well enough so far.
FIRST IMPRESSIONS/ATMOSPHERE:
It's a Stephen Starr, so it's bound to impress even the most jaded and discriminative of eyes with its setting.  There are two floors, the top floor is adourned with 2-tops and hanging woven chairs, the bottom floor is anchored by a sunken area of 4 larger circular tables known as the pit.  From the ceiling hang a series of circular lamps that remind me of bokeh effect photography, eminating a soft, warm golden glow.  The clientele is often young professionals, couples on a dates, obnoxiously loud groups of young women on a "girls night out," but almost entirely intended for people to get together and relax in a sociable and upbeat setting.  I wasn't a big fan of the music they had playing in the background, they ought to bring me in to mix up some better tunes.
THE FOOD:
They often encourage sharing with their smaller and seemingly cheaper (until you see the bill) dishes, some are good for sharing, others notsomuch, but there are a lot of creative bites, like the lobster mac n cheese, shrimp pil pil, and shoestring cut french fries.  HINT: get the shrimp pil pil, then when you're finished and you have a delicious pool of garlic and olive oil, dip the fries in it!  I also enjoyed the lamb flatbread, although that could have been a bit larger for the price.  Desserts are also not to be missed, they come in smaller sizes as well, to allow you to try more than one thing...highly recommend the Blond Bombshell.
THE DRINKS:
The Conty positions itself as a martini bar, so you can expect that the same lighthearted approach to the food will be applied to their drinks.  Some might say it's a little too light-hearted, but my friends and I are confident enough of our own masculinity to drink something that has candy in it and is a pastel color...that won't stop us from hitting the Johnny blue at some point, however.  The only thing I don't like is getting surprise sugar rings around the rim of my glass, they usually just end up dripping and making a mess on my face and hands.  That aside, there really are a good range of choices in here, you've got your classics to contend with the less adventurous tastes, the fruity ones to challenge the adventurous, and then a full selection of other beverages.  I recently tried a new one from their old-timer drink selections, which I interpreted as their paying homage to the drinks from the early 20th century...the name of the drink escapes me and hasn't been updated on the website, but it has Hennessy in it...gotta admit it felt nice to be "on the 'yac."
THE SERVICE:
Service here is all pretty friendly across the board, from the hostesses to the waitors, who are enthusiastic about your dining experience and will make recommendations where given the chance, often to your liking.
THE ROOFDECK:
There is an entirely separate dimension of the Conty, tailored toward attracting the same crowd but with a different offering, this time a more bar/loungey feel.  There is a fairly large (but often over-crowded) bar in a covered area that is adorned by a fireplace and a circular sitting area.  Outside on the deck are tables and more seating, and they will sometimes bring out a DJ, although more often than not, you'll get no music you can hear, just the vibrant chatter of the very lively crowd.  It gets surprisingly crowded surprisingly often.  This is my ideal early night spot, before I go to wherever I am going that night...makes a great rendezvous as an entrance to Rittenhouse as well.
PRICING:
As mentioned earlier, the menu prices are very digestible, it's not until you get a load of your bill that the price will hit you...but then again, compared to other Starr Restaurants, it's not out of line, and it's certainly not out of line with the quality, at least not in my opinion.  It would be nice if they could find a way to entice folks with sales or specials however; one thing I forgot to mention about both menus is that they remain relatively static, although they are updated once in a while.
THE BOTTOM LINE:
There is very little I don't like about the Continental Midtown, it's not perfect, but a whole lot can be said in favor of the dining experience they offer-- atmosphere, food and drinks are all unique and sport enough taste to give you a reason to want to come back, even possibly make it your main restaurant like my buddy.This was my first Stephen Starr experience.  Having never been to one of his restaurants, I wasn't exactly sure what to expect.  Maybe because of this, I just took it as kitschy and fun, rather than being over the top.  If this were to open in New York, however, I would dismiss it out of hand.  I just figured, when in Rome, do as the Romans do!
The food was crazy cheap compared to Manhattan prices.  It was all pretty retro, but I'm assuming (hoping?) that it was to fit with the vibe.  Who does lobster macaroni and cheese anymore?  Apparently Continental, and it was delicious.  The cocktails were also cheap and good.  I particularly liked the Dirty Shirley.  
Our waitress was really awesome and handled our large group with ease.  Part of our group wandered in late, and she was really gracious and sweet.  Service like this always makes me happy.  
When I'm on vacation, I like doing things that are out of the ordinary.  This certainly fit the bill, and was satisfying to boot.  Yeah the decor is crazy and flashy and weird, and the menu isn't innovative, but if you like to take things not so seriously sometimes (as I do), then Continental is great.Besides the scary bathrooms I enjoyed the roof bar! The drinks were different, not my style (I'm more of a dirty martini type gal) but it was a great time!After working a long day and skipping lunch, the last thing I thought I wanted was a tapas bar. But a coworker chose it and I went along.
We ordered probably 6 dishes and split it 4 ways. Pad thai, cheesesteak eggrolls, dumplings, shoestring fries, etc., this was very good quality food. And the portions for tapas was BIG. We all left there stuffed, and I am still in shock that was possible at a tapas place.
We had one issue with a cocktail not coming out all that great (it was only one of the drinks we ordered, the rest were fine), and the manager promptly fixed the problem, no questions asked. The waitress was very friendly and helpful. We will all be back here again.My friend and I just went for lunch.  My friend ordered the Korean pork tacos and the French onion dumpling appetizers.  I had the calamari salad.  At first, the salad was delicious.  Wonderful, fresh ingredients and the soy ginger dressing was very good.  But the part you are paying for - the calamari - was awful.  Chewy and unappetizing.  I was very turned off after a while and stopped eating the calamari and just enjoyed the salad.  My friend said her tacos were good, but they brought out her dumplings in a bag to go.  She said no, they are for here, and it took them another 20 minutes to bring her a new order.  How that happened, we had no idea.  And the server never apologized, she just said our new order would be out in a bit.  When they finally came out, they were very good.  The iced tea was freshly brewed and really good, but at $3.50 a glass, it should be.  Our meal was $25 each - way too pricey for lunch, but we knew that going in.  All in all, it will be a while til we go back here.We've been here a few times and have not had a bad experience. The food is great, the service prompt and the atmosphere is welcoming. We'd recommend the eggs Benedict and the huevos rancheros. Though don't order a cappuccino here, the espresso tasted like watered down drip coffee and the milk, well it looked like bubbly dish soap. So, in short, come for the food and avoid the coffee.On a mini vacation in Philly and someone recommended this place. 
Sooo good!! 60s mod look with an Asian fusion to food. Great service and good drinks. 
Parking around the area is a little pricy so plan to spend time around the area to make it worth it! 
They serve some tapas style foods with full entrees as well. Very cool spot! Must visit if coming in to town!My boyfriend took me here for dinner for our 5 year anniversary(neither of us having been here before).  Always ready to try a martini bar; I'm a big fan of tapas and a vegetarian.  Seemed like a good pick.  We sat right down at 9 on a Saturday night.  Very cool ambiance, a little too dimly lit for me, but otherwise 5 stars for atmosphere.  Our waiter was friendly and hovered just the right amount.  The martini menu was small for a martini bar.  My boyfriend ordered the sweet manhatten and aviation maritini.  He liked neither.  I had an espresso martini(I can't remember the name).  It was ok.  I've had better, and much much worse.  The menu was small and the vegetarian tapas nothing to write home about.  We ordered the french onion soup dumplings to start.  He ordered the tai chicken lettuce wraps and polpette(meatballs in red sauce).  I ordered the spinach ravioli.  The french onion soup dumplings rocked!  Not soup, but onion dumpling balls topped with gruyere cheese.  And two thumbs up for the polpette.  The lettuce wraps and spinach ravioli were very bland.  And we wouldn't order either again.  Definetley would come back again for the french onion soup dumplings alone.  Honestly would have rated it a five if all I did was drank martini's and ate dumpling balls all night long.Super nice staff. Very attentive, helpful and never pushy or condescending. I'd go back simply to hang out with them again. :)
Our waiter told us they encourage sharing...There were four of us and we ordered and array of dishes and took him up on that challenge. So good!
Of particular goodness were the cheese steak egg rolls, lobster mac and cheese and the tacos. Drinks were great too!
For the money, you can get a variety of tasty foods and have a fun time eating with friends. What's not to love?I've been coming here since they opened, but the service and drinks were terrible on my last visit.  
1. For a martini bar, the martinis are small and weak.
2. The waiter mixed up our drink orders (twice), half apologizing when he delivered them instead of correcting them at the bar.  
The food remains delicious, but next time I'll have my drinks before eating at The Continental Mid-town.My friend Amy and I recently stopped in Philly to visit her brother and his wife. They took us here for dinner.
At first, we were a little horrified at how overly trendy and hip this place is trying to be. Some of the upstairs is decked out to look like a futuristic update on a 50s diner, while other parts are pure nightclub. One section even has those chairs that hang from the ceiling, which look like they'd make eating at a table a little too cumbersome for my liking. 
The women's bathroom had hot pink sink fixtures, and both bathrooms had two-way mirrors above the sinks. This means that people waiting in the little foyer outside the restrooms have a full view of you washing your hands, adjusting your makeup, picking your teeth, etc. I found this entirely too disconcerting. The bathroom is a sacred place, dammit!
The staff was also ridiculously hip, the music was thumping and the cocktails had silly names. One tasted just like grape koolaid and others came in colors Crayola hasn't even named yet. And once we saw the menu, the flavor combinations really had us worried about their attempts to be trendier-than-thou. 
But lo and behold, the food as actually really good and surprisingly affordable. Two of us got the crab pad thai and it was delicious. My friend's seared tuna was also great. We also ordered four appetizers. The fancy cauliflower gratin and the wasabi mashed potatoes were fabulous, and the roast beets were decent. I didn't try the fried pickles but everyone else said they were good. 
We were way too stuffed for dessert.It's not that the food isn't tasty for what it is.  More that the initial ardor has cooled?  More that, upon living in Philly and realizing the breadth and span of the Starr Empire, that the Continental isn't quite four-star material?  Thus, I revise.
Lobster mac and cheese, though.  Dang.I ordered Pad Thai with a side of french fries. The fries did not taste very good, only had a few and didn't eat the rest. Food was mediocre but the place was very nice. There are two levels, and they even had a section with swinging chairs.Loveeee this place! I've been coming here for breakfast every year for the Made In America Festival. I had breakfast there this past Sunday with a group of my friends. I've always wanted to order Banana Foster so I tried it here for the first time and Ohhhh Man, so good! Everything was good and fresh and Carl took great care of us. He probably won't forget all the cups of coffee we ordered lol. We'll definitely be back next year.Came here twice on my visit to Philly. It's a pretty cool bar and gets crowded after 10:30. The drinks are priced around $12 and not too many special drinks they make. The crowd was ok and they played good music. Good place to come with friends.Besides being so rowdy and can't hear your waiter talking to you, the atmosphere is cute and food is pretty good!I've been to this location a handful of times and the food and service are always good. I was most recently there on New Years Eve with some friends. I was happy they were serving their usual menu versus a fixed menu like many Philly places were doing. Our server seemed a bit distracted and a little slow, but we weren't in a big rush. I think our table would have had another round of drinks though. 
If you aren't familiar with the menu, it's tapas style and they cover a multitude of foods - Indian, med, Asian, american, etc. 
I started with the champagne-o-rama, because it was NYE. I do love the twizzle, but I'm also concerned that there's little liquor in it because it's so tasty. 
The cheesesteak eggsroll are a must - though sadly I didn't order them this visit. But my friend did and they were amazing. My husband ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala - while I'm not a huge indian food fan I thought it was quite good and my husband loved it. We split the udon soup - very large and tasty portion. I also ordered the Thai Chicken Skewers - decent, not great. My friends ordered the shoestring fries - they reminded me of potato sticks. The portion is huge - great for sharing. 
This is a great place to go for a girls night out or with a group of friend if you want to order a bunch of stuff and try new foods. The vibe is hip and trendy.Stephan Starr is probably the driving force for creating the food atmosphere that is Philly now. He created a place that was cool to eat at and Continental was his start.
Unfortunately for Starr, quality control must be a bit difficult for him to manage due to having so many restaurants in so many locations. The AC Continental was pretty good, and that's what made me visit the Philly location. This location isn't as good as the original Continental (at 138 Market St) but still pretty good. 
The Shoestring Fries are yummy, Philly Cheesesteak Roll is great and the calamari salad is one of the reasons why I go to Continental. I was disappointed with the calamari salad at this location though.This place has a little bit of everything.  I did a little research before a weekend in Philadelphia and decided on this place for its drink menu and small plate menu.  One thing, no reservations allowed and this place does fill up...fast.
We went on a Friday night and when we got there around 7pm we had to wait for about 20 minutes, grabbed a drink at the bar (30 bucks for 3 cocktails!!).  The inside of this place is great.  A total retro throwback and the cocktails went right along with it.
Once seated, the staff was very helpful and friendly.  They suggested we pick 4 or so plates for 3 people, they would figure out which should come first and bring another out when we were finished.  Our server definitely encouraged a slow relaxed meal.
We started with the shoestring fries and cheese steak egg roll.  The fries were good came with a chinese style hot mustard.  The only thing I did not enjoy was how thin they were, kinda hard to eat and not make a mess.  The cheese steak egg roll was really good.  It is just as you would imagine it. It even came with a hot cherry pepper and siracha ketchup.  Our other two plates were also very good, an open faced shrimp quesadilla and thai chicken lettuce wraps (our server even asked if we wanted more lettuce).  Dessert is definitely not there strong suit.  We chose two ice creams, one caramel popcorn and I cant remember the other one.  The only thing I remembered is that I didn't taste caramel popcorn in the first one.
Overall, the Continental is fun place to go.  The food is very good, I like the small plate style restaurant and service is also very good.  The drink menu goes on for ages, ranging from classic cocktails to new different ones.A really fun place that's perfect for groups!! The food here is alright - they do a lot of fusion food and I found it to be on the salty side in general, but had a great time and definitely plan to come back.I always get the calamari salad and I've only regretted once, and it was the only time I went for dinner.  The service was very slow. And the salad was drenched in dressing.  Lunch and brunch there's never an issue.  Great cocktails and I would highly recommend during the day.This is my second time going to this restaurant and I enjoyed the food and service. I love the cheese steak eggrolls and the waffles with cream and berries. This is definitely a place I will continue to go to for a few of my favorites. The prices are hard to beat.I've been to Continental Midtown for happy hour four times now, and each time I love it more and more.
For being a usually pricey place, they have a great HH menu, that change regularly so you're not stuck getting the same drink/snack when you visit.  They try to switch the menu up too, with a good choice of wine, beer, or mixed drink to suit your mood.  Plus, with both a downstairs bar, and upstairs indoor bar, and a roof-top bar, you'll never feel want for an available seat.
However, regardless of whether it's on the HH menu or not, I ALWAYS make it a point to get the steamed edamame - to put it in terms that only Ferris Bueler fans will appreciate, "it is so choice.  I highly recommend picking one up."
There are a few slight reasons why this isn't 5-stars:
1.  If you get a mixed drink or wine when it's not happy hour, be prepared to pay out the wazoo.
2.  The wait staff is a little if-y.  You could either get an emo art-house kid who's friendly and attentive, or you could get an emo art-house kid who's made it their mission to bring everyone else down to their misery level.
So I say go for it if you're considering Continental!  Ignore the reviews by the people who think a place is only cool if it's "divey"; if it feels good, do it!
Otherwise, Cameron Frye, this one's for you.Dinner downstairs was good for our party of 8 but after dinner we decided to go upstairs, BIG mistake
After waiting in line for the elevator the guy went to check out IDs. One girl in the group forgot hers and she did not even make a big deal out of it and said she would go get it. Then the ID card guy says "you can get the ID or just give me $20 and I'll let you in". Nice to see you're making a nice tip for potentially allowing underage kids into a bar and putting the owners at risk for being sued
When she got her ID and we finally got upstairs and fought through a crowd to get to the bar (we sent 2 people to get drinks, no way all 8 of us would make it), they came back with 4 drinks and said the bartender was super rude and said to them "are you guys done or what". 
We've been to the AC and now this Continental. Both had great food. A manager has reached out to me to resolve the issue so I've adjusted my review.Very swanky, very cool. The decor and layout of the restaurant is rather unique, and the food and service were great for my visit. They also make some fantastic drinks, although somewhat pricey.My husband and I come here often when we are in the city and can't wait till we get home to eat. The loster mac and cheese never dissaopints and the calamari salald is so good! It doesn't sound like much, but TRUST me it's perfect. Those 80s chairs hanging from the ceilling are cool the first time around, but I don't particularly like sitting in them. And when you go downsatirs to the bathroom, the mirror inside is actually two-way. So the people outside can see in through the mirror.Have been here many times before and usually good service and swanky vibe (and a crazy bathroom mirror). Today, arrived at 4:45 for a few drinks. Roof was closed for a private event. No bartender 2nd floor and no seats at the 1st floor bar. I asked for a seat for two for a few drinks, and the hostess told me I couldn't be seated unless I ordered food. There were people sitting at about 4-5 of the tables, the rest of the place was empty. I promptly left to spend my $ nearby, and won't be back... rude and disappointing.I visited this restaurant during the summer. My friend and I were impressed with the interior decor but hardly impressed with the food. I ordered some type of Indian dish that included steak and mash potatoes. The steal was very bland. There was some type of sour-tangy sauce on top of the mash potatoes that I thought was disgusting.
When our food arrived, I was shocked at how small the servings were. They're definitely too pricey to have such small servings. We also ordered the tacos; they were okay. 
I would definitely visit this restaurant again at someone else's expense... Not my own. Lol. I personally just don't feel like such small servings deserve such huge prices.I have only been to this location for drinks, but I like this continental location.  We typically come here in between other places to eat as its a fun place to hang out for a bit.  the scenery is creative and friends enjoy the cocktails.  the rooftop bar is fun, the swinging chairs upstairs are cool, and the first floor is a nice open area.  one day we will try the food, but for now we like it as a bar/quick hangoutBeautiful atmosphere, delicious food and deserts. I've had the Lobster Mac, the Mac is orzo fontina and gruyere which is a nice twist on Mac. Cheese steak rolls with pepper katchup was delish, one of my favs, the Thai chicken lettuce wrap s with peanut sauce. Blonde bombshell and peanut butter cup AMAZING!!! Haven't been in a while but I plan to go soon.Pleasant spot to grab a casual dinner and drinks with friends, though the meal felt overpriced in general. The menu is diverse (living up to its Continental name), and there's a wide variety of interesting fusion-y dishes to choose from. 
-Szechuan Shoestring Fries: fun appetizer but the name of this appetizer is misleading - the fries are more like crispy thin potato sticks than they are fries, and there's actually nothing Szechuan about this dish. The spicy mustard sauce mixed in it was a little overpowering, but not bad in small quantities.
-Cheesesteak Eggroll: this indeed tasted like cheesesteak in deep fried eggroll form! The eggrolls were great with the sriracha ketchup, but they got greasy and heavy fast - this dish would be better shared with a larger group. I could barely finish two pieces on my own.
-Chicken Tikka Masala: I was craving Indian food, but of course I knew that the dish here would be pretty Americanized. This plate came with a bowl of sweet and just sliiiightly spicy chicken curry and a small bowl of basmati rice. I liked it, but I've had much better for cheaper so I probably wouldn't order this one again.
Everything here was okay in my book, just expensive for what they were. Nice ambiance and attentive service. I can see this place being good for happy hour.Delicious fusion food, fun atmosphere and retro decor.  What more could you want?  They have these interesting hanging chairs on the second level that is fun, but makes using utensils kind of funky to maneuver.  We got the Chilean Sea Bass that was good, chicken skewers that was good, thai lettuce wraps that was more than good and tuna tartare that was amazing.  I really did like the tapas style of the restaurant and can't wait to go back to try the lobster mac and cheese!Lettuce wraps were great. The concept is a bit past its prime, but the execution was pretty good.
Ambiance is 1963 spectacular.I've been in love with the continental for many many years. While I think the food quality and taste has declined, the specialty drinks are always fun! And as long as you're drinking the food is still solid. I love the cheesesteak eggrolls, the calamari salad, the pad Thai. If you want something a little more decadent go with the lobster mac & cheese. I recommend this place for cocktail hour and apps.Not a fan. Weird scene. Upside is the roof deck. Food sucks. Service blows. Crowd is lame.My experience with Steven Starr restaurants has been that you pay more for the ambience than the food. In this case, however, I'd say the food measures up to the ambience. 
A friend and I made our way to the rooftop bar after work. We ordered tapas and cocktails, and each was delicious. Continental gets creative with their mixology, and comes up with some really delicious cocktails in the process. My favorite by far is the Perfect Pear: grey goose la poire, st germain, lemon, and soda. I'm also a fan of the champagne o-rama: champagne, grey goose, served in a flute rimmed with grenadine sugar. 
The chicken tikka masala is delicious. Not too spicy, and comes with basmati rice dotted with raisins and nuts. We also tried the ahi tuna tartare, which comes with sesame chips - this is probably my favorite tapas dish. Our other two orders were the soy-glazed pork belly and rock shrimp tacos. I wasn't that big a fan of the pork belly - or maybe it was because by the time that was served, we were too full to enjoy the dish.
Overall, the experience is worth the price. If you elect to sit inside, there are these basket chairs hanging from the ceiling on the second floor that make for a unique dining experience.I have been to the Continental numerous times and absolutely love it. It has a fun, young, vibrant feel, inspired by its upbeat and dynamic decor and servers. If you're with a big group it's good to order a bunch of things off the menu and share, but watch out because the salads are huge. The prices for the most part are reasonable, and you can always count on the food to be delicious. Definitely check it out!Walked into the roof top bar and the staff was super condescending when I asked if there was waitress service or if we could order at the bar. They then blatantly ignored us for 20 minutes at our table, which I then realized must have been a joke to make a point. You should have your staff read Setting the Table by Danny Meyer. Won't ever be coming back.From the outside, Continental looks like a regular, sorta-60's style diner.   On the inside, I was surprised by how classy and upscale it appeared.  The brunch menu was short, but had all the essentials, from seasonal pumpkin waffles to lobster mac & cheese to hearty sandwiches.  I ordered the Eggs Benedict with Canadian bacon, side of potatoes, and wheat toast.
I have to say, the Eggs Benedict was *to die for*!  I ate there about 7 hours ago, and I'm still thinking about them and wishing I could eat there now.  The egg yolk was runny, so if that's not your thing, ask for them a bit more cooked.
The seating choices are great.  You can choose to sit outside, at a booth, or upstairs in a hanging basket seat.  Since I'm only 5'3, the basket seats were a little far from the table for my liking, but it did not detract from the meal.  And, it's fun to swing around a bit in them before and after eating.
At $20 for a brunch for two, I cannot recommend this place enough.  The entrees run a bit more expensive, but the breakfast prices were more than reasonable for the portions and taste.  I can't wait to go back!Surprisingly disappointing for a Stephen Starr restaurant. Our waitress was top notch, the folks at the hostess stand could have been a little more welcoming. But what was really disappointing was the food. We only had two things -- the Rad Na was overcooked chow fun noodles devoid of flavor other than salt and with very little of the promised chicken. The Ramen was not bad, but contained none of the advertised mushrooms. And even though it was relatively early in the evening, the ladies room needed some attention. Not my favorite of the Continental chain.Nice retro atmosphere, much different than your typical breakfast spot. $11 mimosas are a little pricey for only a small flute, wouldn't recommend the drinks. Food however is another story. French toast melts in your mouthThis place really proves to not judge a book by its cover.  Looking at the decor and the way this place presents itself, I would expect it to be a lot more expensive (and a lot lower in quality) than it is.  But I must say, this place surprised me in terms of its prices, quality of the food, and speed of service.
The decor screams "slightly fancy nightclub" more than restaurant...the sleek, modern look, the slight bizarreness of just about everything.  But it's not that bad.  There are two layers of seating, and then a separate area on the roof (which is very nice in the right weather).
The menu is surprisingly small, and the offerings are not quite as diverse as I expected--which I think is how this place does what it does well.  The prices range pretty widely.  You could easily drop $20-30 a person, but you can also get out of here eating for under $10 a person if you're not terribly hungry and order one of the larger, more inexpensive items.
Service was very fast...the food was brought out very quickly, which makes me think that they have many of the things pre-made or in a form that can be easily made.  But it's not fast food: it's very fresh, with whole ingredients, very high quality.  The food was relatively transparent: it's pretty easy to see what goes into each dish, which is fun in case you want to reverse-engineer them to make something similar at home.  Some items were better than others but overall it was pretty good, and much of it was light and healthy, the stuff that leaves you feeling good after eating it.
Bottom line?  I'm surprised, but I'd actually come back here.  It's not my style, not my type of place, in terms of the ambiance, but for what it is, it is very well-executed.  It looks pretentious but it's not.  This is a place that could please a broad range of people.Like MSG? Some of the packages you'd find in their kitchen have skull and crossbones tattooed across the silvery packaging. Not my cup of tea. Food tastes good but at what price to your health? Not worth it. Their drinks are sugary and way to foo foo. Go get a burger at rouge.The Continental has always nailed brunch and lunch, so when my boyfriend requested we come here for his birthday dinner I thought it would be a great idea.
We decided to split two entrees -- the Baja shrimp tacos and the lobster mac and cheese. The shrimp was cooked perfectly inside of beer batter deliciousness, and the tacos had the perfect amount of chipotle crema. 10/10. The lobster mac and cheese was pretty stellar as well, and I don't even like lobster. The lobster was cooked very well and the bits of meat were the perfect size in comparison to the orzo pasta in the dish.
However, my gripe comes with the cocktails. My absolute favorite drink here is the Twizzle. It's a mix of Smirnoff citrus, strawberry, and lemon. In my experience having other meals here, the martinis are served in a shaker glass. The shaker typically holds ABOUT two glasses. I ordered two Twizzles and each time I went to refill my glass absolutely NOTHING came out of the shaker. There was just ice inside. Now, these cocktails are $11 a piece. So I spent $22 on drinks for myself to be jipped. In addition to that, I also saw one of the bartenders sniffing the shaker glasses before starting a drink in them... which was just kind of odd. 
Alcohol aside -- the meal was delicious, the boyfriend was happy (they presented him with a scoop of pistachio ice cream with a lit sparkler on top after seeing in my Open Table reservation that it was his birthday), and the service was really great. And I guess all of that outweighs the $22 of my bill that I'm still kind of salty over.My go to for happy hour and dependable food and service. The shoestring fries are to die for, and they also have my favorite cocktails in the entire city. I love fruity sweet drinks, and this place never disappoints.Upstairs/rooftop dining is a must!  Go on a Sunday and experience the hilarious but sad vibes of the Eagles fans who are always thoroughly disappointed with their season. The brussel spouts and crab cakes are on point!  Just double the order from the start and you won't be disappointed.  The wait staff is extremely cordial and attentive. It is definitely a fun hidden gem for a get together for all friends - even in the winter!One of my favorite Stephen Starr restaurants and a great default place to go if you cant decide where to eat. The fries are fantastic and the burgers are above par. Note to couples or seating of two, make sure you ask for the hanging chairs. I must say it's a very interesting way to eat!Heard the hype about Continental as being a Starr restaurant, the initial customer expectations would be: Wow, this place must be GREAT! My best friend was visiting PHL for the 1st time, I took her to Continental for a girly lunch date. We were not greeted for 5 minutes after walking in--not a deal breaker at all. After the hostess seated us, we were given these greasy menu that were touched by many dirty hands but not cleaned. 
    We each ordered salads and I applauded for the portions, which were very reasonable for the prices. My bestie and I were too engaged in catching up with our lives than paying attention to the obvious careless & condescending "customer service" our waitress was providing. At the end of the meal, I gave the waitress $30 for our tab (total came up to about $25), DID NOT specifically tell her "to keep it", which meant I did want change back THEN tip. Because I like keeping my receipts. 
    We waited for another 15 minutes and thought she was bringing the change back, never did. I finally caught her attention and asked with fear because her facial expressions were so ominous. And she said angrily, Oh I thought you didn't want it back. (Never said that) Then came back just to throw the $5 on our table. THROW, not placed. I still tipped $4 because I am a decent person and believe the power of Karma.Continental - Where looks come first, and food comes second.
The place oozes of coolness and style in terms of appearance - decor, food, drinks.  Hanging birdcage chairs, colorful couches, and one way bathroom mirrors, add some fun to inside of the restaurant.  Everything is pretty chic and hot, including the hostess and wait staff.  The food, though decent, isn't anything special and needs some life or inspiration.  Another nail in the coffin are the high prices which do not match the unspectacular food.
Continental Midtown has flare and is worth a trip perhaps once or twice- but don't go for the food value.  Be willing to pay for "tapas" portions and for presentation rather than taste.Keeping it simple and sweet: Try the Cheese Steak Eggroll and Ahi tuna... you won't be dissappointed.Although I have been to Continental Midtown several times, on Monday September 12th I visited for the first time to the rooftop for Happy Hour.
We arrived at about 4:45 or so, and ordered one round and the next two were during happy hour.   
We only had drinks and no food this time; however, were extremely pleased with the quality of the drinks for the price offered. 
If you have never been on Continental's rooftop, it is a nice respite from the busy Center City streets below with a pretty awesome view of the surrounding high rises.  There is a indoor and an outdoor area of the rooftop.
We were definitely pleased and would return again.I went into this place as a recommendation from my boss, and was really happy I followed her advice. The atmosphere is super trendy and the decor is awesome. If you're going on a date make sure to get the swivel chairs upstairs, which hang from the ceiling and are much more fun to sit on. 
The menu is tapas style, which is great because you can order lots of food and share it. But if you're only going to order one thing, MAKE SURE ITS THE LOBSTER MAC N CHEESE.We went there for a small birthday dinner (party of 3) on a Sunday night.
My girlfriend as well as her sister were super excited to go there since they had great experiences with other Continental restaurants. Unfortunatelly, we all werent really happy this evening about this one.
The ambience was really nice and kind of special. Looks like a Diner from outside. But inside it suprises you with some modern, cool furniture. They also have some ... lets call it "swingbaskets" which is only available when you are a party of two. Which I can imagine is a cool thing for a date. I can't say anything about the rooftop. (unfortunatelly)
We ordered some French Onion Soup Dumplings and the pork belly to start. Nothing to complain here/ but also nothing special to mention.
Then for the "main course". We ordered Continental Salad, Cheessteak eggroles and Rad Na Thai Chicken. 
My GF's sister said she loves the Conti salad and she orders this one every time she is there. But when the salad came it tasted not really fresh, we weren't able to figure out if it was the cheese or the salad itself. But something had a bad taste. So we sent it back and ordered the BBQ Chicken Quesadilla (in my eyes the best dish I ate there) instead. The other two dishes were ok.
After we returned the salad our waitress didn't come back for a really long time. We were friendly to the waitress, no doubt, I hate people who are unfriendly to waitresses. But we didn't get service for (estimated) 10-15 minutes. It was not crowded at all.
My GF arranged then some typical "birthday in a restaurant cake" which tasted good.
Also all the deserts we had were good.
But overall I was not impressed from the food, tasted pretty basic. Maybe my expectations were to high after both of the girls praised the Conti or another Conti they have been.
But the food + the ... well not nice service makes me to give this bad review.
Maybe I will be there again and I have a better experience and can update this review.This is definitely my go-to place when I have people come in from out of town. Its fun, trendy, and right in the middle of city. The roof deck is also awesome especially in the summer. I've been there for brunch, dinner, and drinks. Each time its awesome!
Try the cheese steak egg rolls, so good!Very trendy place in Center City.
I think this is a better spot for drinks than for food, although their cheesesteak egg rolls are awesome. I also randomly had the baby back ribs one night, surprisingly good. 
The roof bar is a cool spot to hang out for happy hour and do some people watching.Great restaurant for hanging out with friends for a drink or two.  Had the calamari salad which was great.  My friends had the steak rolls and they said they were great.  We ate dinner at the bar and the service was fast.  No complaints here.   They had a list of custom cocktail but I didnt have any.The food is just o.k.
The atmosphere, roof deck bar and creative/fun drink menu is what makes this place a good spot. Great for a first date.There are many things that can be talked about when it comes to Continental; the model level hostesses, the delicious food, the huge, 14 inch tall martini shaker for the "party shaker," but the thing that I want to discuss, is the same thing that costs this place a full star; the bathroom. WHY, oh WHY are there one way mirrors so that you can see into the bathroom while people are in the mirror?! And in the mens room, you can see EVERYTHING. You can see people using the urinals, and if someone didn't shut the door, you could watch, totally unbeknownst to them, someone dropping a deuce. Its just WEIRD. If someone is checking their teeth in the mirror, or picking their nose or something, ANYONE and everyone on the other side can see exactly what they're doing. I think its a horrible design. I also didn't get why there is a breakfast, brunch, lunch and dinner menu. I ended up with a burger that was spot on medium, so zero complaints there. The bill was a bit much, but there were a few of us and like I mentioned, we DID have 2 party shakers at $55 a pop. (Our "twistini," a twizzler flavored martini wowed the ladies in our party, but left the boys a little (a lot) underwhelmed.)There were no complaints about the food, our service was good, and the decor (bathroom notwithstanding), were all good. I could see myself going back, I'll just make sure to use the bathroom before I get there.My husband and I come here every so often and we love it. The cocktails are always creative and the food is always good. The tapas style of dining is a nice change of pace. We love the Kofta and the french onion dumplings. The chicken under a brick was arguably the best chicken I have ever had. The skin was so crispy and good. My husband loves the astronaut cocktail, you can guess what it contains. Overall a great place with a great atmosphere.We did a real quick walk by to check this place out. It was a suggestion from one of the patrons we ran into at a earlier location. I asked for a mid day watering hole so we could keep the good vibes going and this place was suggested. 
We made it to the patio and grabbed a seat and we felt like the only people in Philly up there. The inside was reserved for a private event so we could only sit outside. It was maybe 2 or 3 other tables occupied. On a Saturday afternoon in NYC every rooftop spot is on a wait for brunch at 2pm. This places seemed not be happening on that level. But since we were there for a cocktail, we ordered ONE...and it was a strong one, not to complain but I will; sometimes too much liquor can overwhelm any cocktail if you are not looking for it to be on the rocks with no chaser. 
If I'm in town again in the fall, I would stop by just to see if they have a different vibe going on. If not its on the check list of been there and won't do it again.Style over substance.  Oversalted food makes you thirsty for overpriced drinks, so if that's your thing, this place is for you.  I'd rather have perfectly seasoned food.
Good(s):
Crispy Calamari Salad - Tasty with good blend of textures.  By the end, the salad was starting to become bleh.
Bad (s):
Lobster Mac & Cheese - Orzo pasta was a big mistake here.  Seriously disappointing, if you've got a craving, you can get this almost anywhere these days.
French Onion Soup Dumpling - Salty, glue-y-ness.  Such a good idea imperfectly executed.
Won't be back here unless it's on the company's dime.This place isn't bad in terms of location, atmosphere and crowd. It's a good place to go for a casual drink after work or on a weekend. If you're trying to go for a serious meal, though, it may not be your best bet, unless you're one of those people that will drop $30 for a weekday lunch.
Their cocktails are delicious, if a little pricey. The Strawburst is awesome, really tastes like a strawberry Starburst.
As for the food, it's alright, but also a little pricey. The wasabi mashed potatoes are out of this world, but they were served with a teriyaki filet mignon that was just okay. The chicken skewers were a little dry. Tuna tartare is alright, I like the wonton chips (I think) that they served it with. Pita with hummus is good lunch fare if you're trying to stay healthy.
Overall, not a bad place for casual drinking and dining.I have been going to the Continental for the past three years pretty regularly, and they never disappoint with the quality of their food. I personally love the atmosphere - the restaurant has a modern and "hip" decor but a very relaxed menu and the staff dresses in relaxed clothing. The most recent time I dined, I ordered the chicken quesadilla and my boyfriend ordered the cheesesteak eggrolls. We also decided to split the szechuan fries and a desert. This is one of my favorite restaurants to go to, especially for a cheaper high-quality meal, but I am often disappointed in the portion sizes. You almost always have to order something else along with your meal otherwise you leave hungry. Overall a great spot but be prepared to split some apps or possibly split a second entree.The restaurant itself is beautiful! I'd come back just for the fries alone, it was delicious. I just wish they had more vegetarian options!good food, good service.  only downside was that they're so quick with bringing food out, that we wanted to cancel an order 2 minutes after ordering, and they wouldn't let us because it was already being prepared.  technically not their fault!Went here upon recommendation of some fabulous Philly Yelpers. My mom was in town this weekend for my birthday and wanted to take the boyfriend and I out to dinner. I chose Continental because I'd been seeing this place throughout my time here and Philly in always wanted to go, but knew it was too expensive for my poor self. So this was a great time to try it!
The decor is really fun and interesting to look at; definitely a conversation piece. We were seated in a booth upstairs and ordered drinks first. I got the Champagne-O-Rama ("champagne & shot of raspberry vodka in a grenadine & sugar rimmed glass"), which was $9 -- one of the cheapest drinks on the menu. It came in a champagne glass, which made it a very small drink, in my opinion, for $9 (that was a little annoying). But it was definitely yummy and it gave me a really nice buzz, even with all of the food.
It took us a while to figure out the menu and that everything was kind of share-style. Boyfriend thought that was kind of gimmicky, but I rather liked it. There were so many things on the menu that sounded good to try, so it made it easier that everyone could share. I got the BBQ chicken quesadillas  w/ avocado sour cream and I was SO pleased with them. They were a little bit adventurous for me, as I'm very picky about food, but I'm glad I tried them. Mom got the chickpea crusted shrimp and those were fantastic as well (but you only get 4 in one order). Boyfriend got the Rad Na Thai Chicken, and was kind of disappointed -- it sounded like it was going to be something Chinese food-like, and ended up being a gigantic salad. We also got an order of the Schechuan shoestring fries with Chinese mustard sauce to share between the 3 of us. Those were really good, but I was surprised at how tiny and thin the fries were -- they almost weren't big enough to consider fries. Still tasty, though.
The servers are all super friendly, and ours wished me a happy pre-birthday at the beginning of the meal when she checked my ID for my drink AND before we left, so that was nice. The bus boy was nice, too. We got there around 5 on a Friday, so we just beat the ensuing crowd. That may have a little bit to do with how fast our food came, but I was still really surprised at that -- I was really hungry when we got there and the food came before I even had time to think about it. So that was another huge plus.
The only reason this place lost a star is because, as I said, boyfriend didn't seem to like it so much. But I was really happy with the experience and would definitely go back again if I had some extra cash. :)I e been here a number of times and it's my go to for when I have friends come visit. 
The vibe is very 70s. 
There food is great and there are a number of fun, quirky things about the venue. 
They even accommodated me for NYE dinner plans, which I appreciated.although tequila is my drink of choice apple martinis, and cosmos definitely have the other half of my alcohol heart.... and I'm a sucker for great decor and being given a shaker with even more alcohol than my stemmed glass can hold =D .. Your decor is amazing.. and that one bartender who made my drinks made them properly... however I must say that the place was dead... and it seemed to be a place for old people who want to be out but go nowhere else.. ? oh continental you are one of those places that gives the vibe that it is outdated.. and charge way to much for drinks ... and if you're a diner your kitchen should be open later.. perhaps all night.. but perhaps midtown III already has that market.. I hear the food is delish so I may come back.. ... maybe