So glad I found this place.
Their chicken quesadilla is my favorite thing on the menu. It's always fresh. It's perfect for lunch because it doesn't leave you feeling overly full.
It has a strong sports bar type of feel whenever a home team is playing, so if you're not into that, just skip it on nights when there's games playing.This place is funky and fun! Awesome Northeast Philly gem :) Love the food. Very accommodating for large parties! They also offer Sunday brunch that I would highly recommend, they have a lot of those things on the menu you would see on Food Network and wonder...where can I get fried chicken wrapped in pancakes? Three Monkeys Cafe!I absolutely love the themed decor, the drinks, coconut margarita to be exact and the customer service. Honestly, I've had better food. Perhaps it was just the dish I tried but I'm willing to return and explore different options. Overall enjoyable experience.I went to Three Monkeys with my family for a quick dinner. I was not disappointed. We all went simple with burgers. I got the Sunny in Philly and was very happy with it. Drinks could have been a bit stronger, but were still good. Only thing I didn't care for was the noise. We were seated in the dining area, but it still seemed that we had to yell to be heard over the crowd.What can I say.... if you have not been here I am sorry for you. Wonderful burgers and outside seating. The staff is very friendly and will help with menu choices. There is an up charge for salad instead of their homemade chips, with burgers but that is fine. They make a steak sandwich with crab that is awesome. If not on the menu just ask for it. My husband hates eating out but always says yes to coming here.Always amazing food. Love the black and blue burger and Buffalo potato chimps ;). They have obviously been working on the service because it has gotten much better. Apps came out quickly and entrées were timely. One of the best experiences here so far. Thanks for your continued improvement.Their fries are excellent as they do not peel them and they are perfectly seasoned. I also ordered their calamari, which was too sweet for my taste. They have an excellent selection of beer such as the watermelon one and the father's rooter, but I found their cocktails to be too sweet for me. It was still an excellent experience all around as the ambience at Three Monkey's Cafe is very nice, the staff is friendly and professional and I also love the fact that they are such interesting art all over the place, including Salvador Dali prints.One of the best bars/restaurants in the NE. The outside in the summer is very chill and a wonderful place to have brunch. Phenomenal menuThe two stars are for the environment,food  lacked some serious seasoning, our waitress Claudia (which I had to ask someone because she didn't introduce herself) was miserable, either I got my beer with a glass or just an orange shoved in it or just a bottle of beer, the bartender was super sweet though!!!!Good outdoor place, but extremely crowded on weekend nights. Good food and service....just the hostesses could be more courteous.My fiancé & I just left this place. We were there for their happy hour & everything was going great as usual until a guy interrupted us mid-meal to tell my fiancé that he had to turn the brim of his hat forward. According to him, it is an "old school rule" to wear your hat with the brim facing forward. He also went on to say that Three Monkeys is a restaurant & called my fiancé rude for wearing his hat the way he did. If this was a so called "house rule" why aren't there any signs? & why hadn't anyone told him the past times we have been here? If it is a "rule" why didn't our server or hostess enforce it when we first walked in? This place is a joke & we will NEVER be back again. Btw-don't bother ordering the monkey bread. It sucks.Excellent food, especially the burgers! Wonderful service. Folks around me seemed to enjoy the various drinks the bar produced. Outdoor seating is also a nice treat.I've been coming here for years and have slowly watched the service and food decline. Today was the icing on the cake. Went to go eat around 3pm (not a crowded time for this restaurant), we ordered appetizers and watched as the other tables received their food. We asked our waitress what was going on and she said she would check with the kitchen. At least 15 minutes later our entrees arrive, without any mention of our missing appetizers. The waitress was extremely apologetic (I'm not blaming her at all), this was blatantly the kitchen's fault. As I ate my wimpy flavorless salad, I saw another table receive their appetizer and literally 2 minutes later their entrees came out - so definitely a kitchen problem. I'm glad I've finally used up all of my gift cards, because I won't be back.Always a great time food is prepared with love and interesting. Beer choice off the hook and always good service awesome atmosphere.Been here about a dozen time now, foods been constantly delish.  Faves are the Reuben, the It's always sunny burger.  They have an interesting brunch menu as well.  Beer is cold, with a decent selection.I will NEVER go back to this restaurant.  There are some pros, however; cons greatly outweigh them.  Too many other good restaurants in the area to suffer through this place.
Rolls and Fries are the two PROS.
Main issue was the GM and wait staff.  VERY rude!! 
Ordered a cocktail which tasted bitter and sour (not a good sour like a lime drink) but rancid.  I politely mentioned to my waitress that the drink tasted funny and ordered another cocktail.  This is when the problem began.  She reacted somewhat rudely.  Eventually she brought my other drink and we finished our meal.  When the bill came, we were charged for the rancid cocktail...my husband questioned the waitress politely and again she was extremely standoffish!  Finally GM made his way to the table to explain to us that "they have a policy in which drinks more that 10 dollars must be paid for unless they are made wrong"  Sorry! Three Monkey's never heard of this type of policy?!?!  Honestly, wasn't trying to rip the bar off or get anything discounted.  I don't think my request to not pay for a rancid drink should have been met with such hostility.  The GM begrudgingly agree to take the drink off the check, at which point I mentioned the way the waitress had acted.  HE COULDN'T HAVE CARED LESS, told me that he could "see why" the waitress acted that way.  Basically, acknowledged the waitress was rude and that he too condoned it. Clearly, this place does not care to make certain guests are treated well.I really enjoy my overall experience at this restaurant. The outside eating area is so charming on nice nights with its bathtub planter and outdoor bar. The menu is full of little gems like the chicken mac & cheese along with good old-fashioned items like burgers. 
When it gets really busy there can be a bit of a wait and parking can be difficult on a Friday or Saturday night but, in my opinion, the wait is worth it.This is a great place to grab weekday breakfast as well as other meals,  but the big draw is breakfsst because bar is open at 7 in the morning.   Very friendly service as well.   Their beer selection of drafts as well as bottles is sure to please the most discerning of palates. 
Check out their specials as well,  you won't be disappointed.   Also,  the mighty joe young makes the heart attack almost worth it.Recently had my engagement party here on a busy Friday night. I gave the manager Dottie very short notice but she assured me not to worry they would take care of everything, and that was exactly what happened. We were fortunate enough to have a warm night so they gave us outside seating. Everything was outstanding. From our server Claudia to the Bartenders Matt and Houl, the service was undeniably excellent including the bar-back Frankie who was ever so kind in setting up our entire party with glasses for a champagne toast. We had a party of 20 and never had to wait for anything. Our entire party was utterly impressed with the entire staff. If you're ever looking for excellent service and good food I highly recommend this place. Thank you to all of them for making our special night even better-- Bill and CollI am consistently disappointed with everything about this place. Ever since they changed chefs it has been nothing short of a nightmare. The service is always terrible. Every time I go someone's order is wrong. The women that work there have an attitude problem. They wear their hair down and they talk to you like your standing on a street corner. The menu is overpriced for the quality of food!! I hate that it's such a popular neighborhood spot because it's never a good dining experience. The only time I will return is to see Jimmy Burke bartend!! Other than that this place has officially lost my business!!The reason I keep going back to the Three Monkeys is the outdoor bar area -- it is absolutely adorable and has a great atmosphere! It's a perfect place to enjoy a nice summer night with friends and have some drinks. Once when I went for lunch, half of the tables were reserved for a fundraiser. It's great for an event like that too.  5 stars for the outdoor bar :)
As much as I like this place, the food is just average. I've been here a bunch of times for lunch and dinner and have had probably every wrap and sandwich on the menu. They've all been just ok -- edible but nothing spectacular. I do like their crab dip and hummus appetizers. The dining room and indoor bar are nothing special and it's a little dark in there. I would choose to sit outside every time. They do have a pretty good beer selection and the cocktails are good (and only $3 on Mondays!)I seem to do a lot of 5 star reviews but I believe it's because I travel half of North America and I use Yelp constantly. 
Wings and beer and a sandwich are by no means gourmet but 3 Monkeys is the place
Nice outside seating on a cool August night certainly helps. I had Grilled Wings, hot as an appetizer and the Italian Roast Pork sandwich and some Miller Lite drafts. 
Grilled wings are usually good, these were great.  The Italian Roast Pork sandwich is one of my favorites from the Farmers Market in Center City Philadelphia.  The one here was better. 
Come here and enjoy some great food and a great atmosphere.First with the pros: The decor is awesome. You feel like you've wound up in late 19th century Paris, complete with gold trimming and monkey paintings on the walls. They also have a really cute outside bar that's tropical themed, and though different still fits the primate motif. Their food is decent, if over priced at times, but of everythigng I tried I only disliked one thing. (That was the peanut butter pie, in which the chocolate tasted a little off). I should also point out they have a delcious drink there called a Monkey Cola which is banana and chocolate liquor in coke. After the people in my group tried mine they all had to get their own. 
Now the cons: For such a pricey place, the wait staff is a little rude. Sometimes I felt as if we were being intentionally avoided. We had to wander around to get our own silverware. I got this passive agressive vibe from just about all of their staff as well. Also, their selection of beer is not too wide, with only a few craft brew selections. i was a little disappointed in that regard. 
Overall, I'd probably try them again, though only if I'm willing to drop some big bucks for a large dinner. It's a little expensive for a weekly treat.Great all-around spot! Had lunch here with co-workers a few weeks ago, and everyone enjoyed the food. Came back for weekend brunch with my daughter, and was again impressed. Some innovative things on the menu, plus some old standbys-perfect!
Try the bacon, egg & cheese egg roll with sriracha ketchup for a breakfast app-outstanding!
We also had the Rise & Shine- egg whites, turkey bacon, greens, cheese & sriracha mayo on a croissant. Arrived with really good red-skinned home fries. Nice & spicy Bloody Mary capped it off. Nice, quirky decor with an outdoor seating area too. Can't wait to come back!What a cute, quirky little restaurant. They have great old copper ceilings and chandeliers. The walls are filled with old paintings in opulent frames. The food was ok. The Calamari wasn't my favorite and I was dissapointed because a friend had highly recommended it. It was fried very crispy  and then drowned in a sauce which made it very soggy. It was almost like a soup. I had a hamburger for dinner which was great. But what was perplexing to me was that you had to pay extra money to have lettuce, tomato and onion on it. These are usually standard items that come on a hamburger!  My friend had the Filet Mignon with mashed potatoes. It was cooked well and was quite delicious. All in all a good time was had by all. I would return.Took my aunt and uncle for lunch during the week.  wanted someplace that would be more of "an experience" and this sounded great.  The menu was really good and a lot to choose from.  Had the Kobe burger - done perfectly.  Aunt and Uncle had Chicken salad sliders.  Perfect size for lunch.  Service was great and the waitress on point.  Only thing that IS bad, if you go during the week - the parking is all Torresdale train commuters and there is ZERO parking close to the restaurant.  All lots were full and what street parking there was was taken.  Plan on parking a couple of blocks awayThis place was a total surprise. Don't be intimated by the amount of people hanging at the bar. 
Went on a Sunday and to my surprise they were serving brunch. Great menu with many different twists on breakfast food. Even had scrapple, which you normally don't see .
It was crowded but we were promptly sitted and the noticed and outside covered area. So, plenty of tables. Was winter and maybe in season are able to open the area up to fresh air.
Give it a try for Sunday brunch!I used to love this place.  It was a great place to go have some dinks and dinner, but prices are sky high.  Tonight I purcased the mediterain salad with grilled shrimp and was very disappointed.  The shrimp were not grilled but boiled.  The salad had red peppers and black olives from a can.  For a salad costing $16.99 I expect to get fresh peppers and better olives.  The atmosphere is great but the food is starting to go down hill.Had a wonderful time here with friends out on the patio for dinner. We started off with drinks while waiting for a table and they had a great selection of beers and martinis. We ended up having to wait about 45 minutes for a patio table on a Sunday night (but it was a beautiful night) which struck me as a bit long for a NE Philly restaurant, but I guess it's popular.
Foods started with chicken nachos which were ok - too many olives and nobody at our table really liked olives... I got the BBQ Cheddar burger (would have gotten the crab ravioli but they said I only for 5-6 medium sized ravioli and I was Hungry!) Everyone else loved what they got (tuna steak, burgers). We ended the meal with monkey bread which was ok (our homemade was better). What I did really like were their drinks/martinis.
I would definitely come back for a nice summer night's dinner.Second time here, I really like it. Food is tasty and fresh. Some of the items are a little different, and fun. It's super relaxed, and they serve Mimosa's and Bloody Mary's in the morning!!
Hostess could be a bit more inviting. She didn't welcome us, instead she looked at us as if she was saying, "MAY I help you?". No greeting to invite us to restaurant.This place is consistently great to go and get dinner or drinks with friends. Drinks are a little bit on the pricier and weaker side, but still good. Get the monkey punch.Great service. Great food. We were a party of 10 and everything came out perfect. Drinks kept coming. 
Would definately come back.I came here with my girlfriend and another couple and it was good, a little bit pricey they other places that I have been, but all in all I really enjoyed the food. They have a nice selection for those who enjoy beer, and also an extensive wine and martini list. We all started off with the Crab-Ocado dip which was awesome and the Garlic Bread pretzels were the icing on the cake! My girlfriend had the Chef Beth's Signature Lobster Mac & Cheese, she really enjoyed it and even offered me a bite, very creamy and rich, highly recommended if your a mac and cheese fan. I ordered the Sunny in Philadelphia burger which was great! Nice patty, cheese, bacon, and a sunny side up egg! Great burger! I will definitely come back and try some more food and get dessert next time, I really want to try there monkey bread!I've been here many times and have always enjoyed it! Three Monkeys is my go to place in the northeast because I know I can get good food,  local beer and also bring the kiddos! All super important in my book.Three Monkeys is so hit or miss for me.
I've come here several times for lunch and had an awesome experience. The food was perfect and service was excellent. The last few times, not so much.
I've noticed that service at the bar is about 100 times better than service at the tables. The last few times I sat at a table I felt very ignored by our server, waiting far too long for silly things like extra napkins or ketchup. 
Even the food is inconsistent. For example, usually 3M has really excellent burgers that are usually cooked perfectly, but the last time I was here my husband's burger was way overcooked and very sloppily put together. Also, the roast pork sandwich that I've had on several occasions has been very dry and underseasoned the last few times I've had it.
I can say that the grilled cedar plank wings are consistently awesome. I always get an order of those when I go. The rest of the food, however, seems to have gone downhill over the last year or two. Hopefully they can reconnect with the quality of food they used to put out and get back to the Three Monkeys I know and love.This was my first time at Three Monkeys Cafe. It was very crowded so I was glad I was able to make a reservation # 1, and # 2 my group was seated promptly.  It was very loud so dinner conversation was hard to hear.  We ordered drinks and they arrived quickly.  For an appetizer we had the cheesesteak eggrolls which were good and the wings, also good.  The three of us enjoyed our entrees very much.  I highly recommend the crab pot a la creme (I think that's what is was called) it was on the specials menu.  Absolutely delicious.  Also on the specials menu was avocado crab cakes that my friend loved and the other entree was a balsamic chicken dish that my other friend said was great and such a huge portion that she took home leftovers.  Our waitress was great. Overall a good experience so I think we will be coming back again soon and maybe take advantage of the outdoor seating as the weather gets better.Very awesome I've to just sit outside and Drink all night. The staff is friendly and have a sense of humor while accommodating. Always have fun when I go!Great spot for a quick bite. Atmosphere is very relaxed as expected. The food is not typical bar food and they definitely have a community feel. We always have a good experience dining here.Three Monkeys Cafe is a spot around the corner from me that I've been meaning to visit but never actually got around to checking out until my cousin asked me to join him there. I joined him for drink in the outdoor area. The outdoor area had plenty of seating and there was a nice tile mosaic on the wall by the bar. With a few craft beers to go along with the usual beer it was a very nice place to drink on that summer night.
A few weeks later I came back to have lunch with a girlfriend. The inside is nicely decorated with pictures of monkey and other animals. The bar inside looked great but we took a seat at one of the fine wooden tables. The menu was a nice combination of bar food and entrees along with a wine selection and a couple of house mixed drinks. We ordered burgers and they were absolutely delicious and the fries that came with them were thin and seasoned, not the generic square cut crap. There were some problems with the waitress not understanding what ordered and the price of the burgers was a little high. 
Both of my experiences at Three Monkeys left a good impression on me. Not many places in the area are as nice. The place draws a good crowd despite being tucked away in between some houses and right across the street from a train station. The place is a little small though. Definitely the best place to drink outside on a hot night.Nice place to get a bite. Casual dining. Great drinks. A little on the more pricier side but who cares when someone takes you out to eat right? Wicked brunch menu!  Can eat indoors or out. Will go back again if Im in the area.This place almost got 3 stars, but got 4 for having Southern Tier Pumpkin on tap, as well as Camel tacos. That's right - camel. It's like a cross between lamb and venison. If you don't like game meat, stay away. I can cross Camel off of the list of critters I've consumed.  Otherwise, great bar. Not much variety on tap, but plenty of bottles. Good for the beer snobs and the Pabst crowd.Not only is the name great but so is the place!! It is such a unique restaurant. I have only sat in the restaurant so I can't say anything about the bar (but it looked nice). I'm dying to sit out on the patio but it was pouring rain when I last went. The food might be a little pricey but its well worth it. 
Trust me, you'll fall in love as soon as you enter the place.Had a semi bad experience but I decided to delete because the owners and managers, and special personnel Gavin took care of the situation. Great communication and response, Thank you very much!I stopped in here for brunch this past Saturday.
Pros: Lively atmosphere and a nice outdoor area which would be great on a summer night.  The menu items sound really good and makes it difficult to choose from. 
I love the vintage decor it makes you feel like you stepped back in time.  
Service was good.  My party of two was seated as soon as we walked in.  The waiter was attentive and friendly.
Cons: Food was meh.  They have interesting selection, but everything is a tad overpriced for the quality.  I ordered the green eggs and ham which is basically an omelet stuffed with .  The avocado wasn't ripe enough and was hard.  The omelet itself was over cooked and a bit rubbery.  The potatoes were also very over cooked as well.  
I would visit again to give them a second chance.  To be continued...Went here to meet friends as it is relatively close to all of us and, it being here for a while, I've never been there, so it was nice to check it out. Boy did I make a mistake.
We had a rather large party for a Friday night, 8 people, but a server said she could seat us. She sat us at a 6 top, with 6 chairs and told us we could grab other chairs if we saw them, so we did just that. We ordered drinks, which our server (not trying to be mean, but she was THAT BAD) took in waves, because apparently taking 8 drink orders at once was too lage a feat. We received our drinks about 20 minutes later, our beers were cold and cocktails properly mixed, so there's a plus.
The beer list was better than an Applebee's, not quite underwhelming, and not overwhelming. They had a few choice beers on tap and by bottle.
The food was okay. Tasty basic bar food but somewhat bland and unoriginal. It seems they attempt to make something good but to keep prices down they use cheap ingredients, resulting in a shoddy product. I could tell my fries were once in a freezer, accompanied by our french fries, tortilla wrap, and crab cake. 
The prices were on the mark for what the establishment was trying to be, no complaints here.
After eating my friends and I decide to venture out to their patio/tent as we were getting tired of the service and wanted to stand. The patio smelled like vomit. We ordered drinks waitiing for it to pass. The bartender was a guy who seemed to have been a big shot in his high school days and thought being a bartender at a mediocre establishment would restore some of that feeling. He seemed like he was doing me a favor by me paying him for services rendered. After a tasty Dogfish Head I noticed they had Summer Ale on tap, which I always enjoy but upon tasting it noticed it tasted like Sam Adams Summer Ale and some other beer; they don't clean their lines properly, or else a beer that's just rolling out now is already turning.
I give this place 2 stars instead of one because the decor was entertaining, the place seemed clean (besides that smell), and it's in a decent location, though I won't be returning any time soon.I might have to try again just to give a fair review, but I have gone twice in the past. I know that these are the same people who run Dog and Bull, which I love! It's all about the people in some cases. However, the food here was eh, while Dog and Bull's food is great. Guess it's the chef as well (who would have thought?)
First time I've gone in there, I was trying to chat with the fellow behind the bar. I wanted to make sure of what I thought about Three Monkeys being under the same ownership as Dog and Bull. I got the feeling that he did not want to talk at all and gave me a little bit of an attitude. My boyfriend and I accepted the menus he gave us because we were curious of the food options, but we were just coming through for some beers. Once I told the bartender this, he really just did not want to talk anymore. I thought being honest was okay, but seems like he was not happy about this. Also, I thought it to be very strange that once my boyfriend finished his beer, that he was asked if he would like another one, but not me. I initially did want another one, but after that, I wasn't going to waste my money.
The second time I went, it was okay. Mediocre service. Gross crab fondue. Wayyyyy too cheesy or something. It did not taste like crab and actually hurt my stomach. Also, $14 for an appetizer is way overpriced. The wings were actually pretty good, though. You get to choose between grilled and fried. I decided on grilled since that's something you don't see everyday and I wasn't disappointed with them! However, about $50 dollars later for just 2 appetizers and 2 beers each, my boyfriend and I determined that there are better places to go spend your money. The atmosphere is beautiful, but the prices, crab fondue (I am an avid crab-lover), and customer service left a bad taste in my mouth.This place has good food but my primary reason for going there is the bar. I was recently there and ordered shots that anywhere else are very strong and I felt like this shot was more water than liquor. It had no bite to it like it usually does and I was pretty disappointed. They have a pretty good beer selection and good food but when I get a rough shot and it goes down so easy I know there's something wrong...We will be relocating to the northeast Philly/Bucks County area in a few months - long story.  Anyway being a foodie I have been searching for a good breakfast place in my soon to be new neighborhood - this is not the place.  Went for breakfast Saturday morning.  My omelet was overcooked and the filling tasteless.  My husband had the roast pork sandwich - also tasteless.  It also came on a sesame roll, and that might be good to note on the menu as some people have food allergies.  Our waitress seemed to want to be there less than we did and disappeared for prolong periods.   They have a wonderful outside dining area, but unfortunately they have no dining to accompany it.  Maybe a good place for some wings and a beer and being as that is not our thing doubt we will be back.  Think we will definitely be making at least monthly trips to the old hood for breakfast, etcTerrible crab cakes that are not hot with a giant portion of luke warm mashed potatoes.  OMG, like large stuffing cakes with stringy crab meat, I think crab meat. Who knows, they had no discernable crab meat or taste. Stick to drinking here. Anyone can do cheesesteak egg rolls, have that with your booze. Not known for decent food, especially for the prices (crab cakes were $26) but I keep wanting this place to be good for dinner. I think I finally learned my lesson!Food was pretty good here. Heard their brunch was really good, but breakfast was discontinued when I went, not sure if it still is. Outside seating is really nice and quaint.Very good food, nice spot to get a bite to eat and hang out with friends. They have a nice outside section were you can enjoy some nice weather with a cold beverage and some good eats!Brunch , green eggs & ham was delicious! One of the best breakfast dishes I've had. The aioli really adds a unique yummy flavor .Food was good, but took longer than expected for a not so busy Friday night, especially since the appetizers ordered were calamari, a Caesar salad, and wings. Also, our waitress was not super attentive during our visit.I had to kill time before getting to Trenton to pick my car up so stopped beer which is in eyesight of the station and I'm reviewing live on site - so far the bartender, yet busy, quickly put in my drink order(And from the brewery that does lionhead- let me tell you their *cough*real*cough* beers are delicious. The pumpkin's great.) 
They've got both an inside and outside bar and what looks like a lovely patio area. I decided to sit indoors as even the slightest chill bothers me. 
Servers seem friendly but bored. May just be because the bunch Crowd is gone. 
Most important part of course, for the craft beer lovers, draft list is minimal but good enough. They have a specialized house brew by stoudts (a classic, malty ESB) on tap. As well as the basics and a seasonal and a wheatbeer option. The bottle list is huge though! A lot that I've had but enough that I haven't had that I was impressed, which is enough to bookmark the place in my book. 
On to food; i've ordered one of their specials - the miso bowl. Something you wouldn't expect from a tavern but everything else I see people eating looks great so I'm not worried. They must have a fantastic chef in the back to come up with these.  Just saw an order of buffalo chips get passed to a patron, those look delicious. Not to mention the incredible Colorful cocktails I keep seeing poured. 
Patrons that came in after me have already gotten their wings but those are much easier to make than my dish so I'm not bothered. Five minutes later, Just got my cutlery . That's a good sign they haven't forgot! Haven't finished my first beer either and I'm in no rush. I mean, i ordered a MEAL, not pub fare, sitting at the bar. Can't complain. Someone from the kitchen updated me on the status of it, and it shouldn't be much longer. I really appreciate them letting me know. 
And she was right! Came out as I ordered my second beer. (Johnny rails pumpkin --- way better than the other. So roasty and malty. Might need to find a six pack.)
Food is out and it's amazing. I'm not a huge fan of pork but the pork belly in this is so smooth and edible. The broth is definitely thicker then an actual miso but still great. Not authentic but a good Americanized style 
My biggest problem now is there's not another train for an hour! Guess I'll get another drink.I first heard about Three Monkeys when a friend bought me a gift card for my birthday two years ago.  I went in for appetizers and drinks and thoroughly enjoyed sitting outside on a beautiful spring afternoon.  I have been back several times since then and have had a range of experiences from so-so to outstanding.  
A friend and I decided to head over for happy hour and dinner on Friday night.... the bar area and outside seating area were crowded but there were plenty of seats in the dining room.  It looks completely out of place but it works.  After sitting down and perusing the drink menu, I noticed they had my favorite wine by the bottle (not many places do - the only other restaurant I have seen it is the Capitol Grill) and although they were out of it, our server made a recommendation that I enjoyed almost as much.  My friend had the crab and spinach quesadilla and I had a turkey burger with smoked gouda and crispy prosciutto....WOW.  Because I had such a great meal, I figured I would take my boyfriend (who is from out of town) the next night.  
After looking at the menu and reading some reviews on Yelp (may have been a mistake....lol) we decided to head over.  So many people recommended the wasabi crab cakes I decided to go for them; my boyfriend had the angus cheddar burger.  The crab cakes came out lukewarm in the middle and the vegetables were so mushy I think they could have been jarred and sold as baby food.  Also, the "mixed veggies" were all green - snow peas, zucchini, green beans, etc....not much of a mix at all.  The highlight of our meal was the loaded french fries we had as an appetizer.  
Even though my meal was sub-par, I will go back.  I like the atmosphere of the bar and the outside seating area, the servers and bartenders are always friendly, and they have a good selection of drinks.  If you are looking for a gourmet meal, you're probably out of luck.  Stick with the pub food - it seems to be what the kitchen screws up the least.Great burgers. Average beer selection. Great setting options with the formal dining room, traditional bar, or outside monkey bar. They have my favorite burgers around and I enjoy all of their apps.Good food that's not the typical old bar crap, attentive service, nice beer selection, and the decor is warm and trendy.  Not to mention they have an adorable outside area that I'm sure will be a lot of fun in the summer!  I always go there when I want to have an intimate time with a few friends or to do the couples thing.  Don't bother going there if you're single or looking for a crazzzy time b/c you might be dissapointed.  Nevertheless, it's a truly chill spot.Three stars may b a little generous...food is hit or miss but the place has a cool atmosphereHorrible, horrible place. Never had such bad service in my life! Came here with friends for Sunday brunch. Took 10 mins to be asked what to drink, 20 mins to order our food. 40 mins total for our food to come out which wasn't anything to brag about. Our waitress never checked on us or asked if we needed anything. We had to ask other servers for condiments, refills and our bill. Unexceptional. Our table just didnt matter. I looked around and noticed everyone else was being served at a normal rate, being checked on etc. After leaving our waitress said thank you, but never any apologies for the slow horrible service. My husband said as he looked back he heard her say "stupid chinks". Well if that's the case this place will never see my business again and that just explains why we were waited on so poorly. Poor food poor service, do not come. Customer service doesnt matter here obviously and the managers do not care. Oh and parking sucks!Had my bridal shower here and appetizers were all really yummy. Returned with a friend and we ordered tons of appetizers again and they were all pretty delish. From guacamole to nachos and French onion soup...I was super satisfied. It was really hard to decide what we wanted. So many yummy options.Ambiance of the outside seating is awesome. Pork spring rolls with horseradish sauce was also excellent. Pretty good beer selection. Wish they had more on tap.Great atmosphere! The outdoor patio is as cool as it gets. Kids loved it as well. Food was above average.The food is very good and they have lots of gluten free options. I've bee here a few times and it is always pretty good. Had HORRIBLE service tonight though.. Melissa is soooooo slow omg. My life for a water...and I JUST WANT TO PAY MY BILL!A great local bar with above average food.  The Mighty Joe Young (MJY) burger will fill even the greatest hunger, but don't worry you can get it with a salad instead of fries if you want to stay healthy.  There is also a great variety of other food options and daily specials worth checking out.  The outdoor seating is great for spring and fall days.
If you're like me, every now and then you need to take your lunch break outside - Three Monkeys Cafe fits the bill perfectly!  Parking can be a bit annoying, but there always is the SEPTA lot across the street ($1/day).The best brunch menu in all of Northeast Philly as far as I'm concerned. They have a great menu all times of the day though. Beer list is always fun every time I go, and the outside seating area is so relaxing. I can't recommend it enough if you're working through a hangover.Great food, great beer, great service! They have different areas so you can either sit in a dining room and eat or drink on the patio. The truffle fries are amazing.Great atmosphere the outside section is awesome! Cheesesteak egg rolls are my go to appetizer. The only negative I would say is that it is a little expensive but I still definitely suggest!I have been here several times and it is consistently...inconsistent. Service is often slow. Last night our server couldn't have been nicer but the entree was awful and not served as advertised. It was supposed to be hot sausage in a pesto alfredo sauce with pasta. it was a very thick white alfredo sauce with no sign of pesto and the sausage wasn't hot. After complaining (which I hate to do) it was returned to me with a little pesto and crushed red pepper mixed in. Next time, I will stick with a sandwich and some snacks. The cedar plank wings and cheesesteak were very good. Although soggy, the fries were tasty.
Nice vibe and nice waitress but stick with the bar food please.I love Three Monkeys brunch! It's the perfect start to some day drinking or a great ending for your weekend. Recently they changed their brunch menu and they no longer have the 'blackboard specials' which is pretty disappointing because those were always my favorites. Now it is just a regular brunch menu with a smaller selection of items. On my last visit I had the Chocolate Chipper - one pancake and slice of french toast topped with chocolate chips and bacon syrup. My boyfriend had a burrito with corned beef. We both loved our entrees. The Bloody Mary is great (perfect amount of spice) and they have a nice selection of beers.I think of this place as a good neighborhood bar. 
Usually come here on a day when I don't feel like driving in the  city. It's a proper bar with a good crowd almost all the time. 
Only thing I would change is the outside/covered area, not the bars fault but some serious BO.I have a real love hate relationship with this place. On one hand, I really enjoy going to Three Monkeys because it is much nicer, and has a better crowd than the other bars in the area. I also get along well with the staff, and have never had a problem with the service in all my years of going there. The main issues that I have with this bar are price, and poor quality food.
When I first started going to Three Monkeys I was told about how good the food was. One one of my initial visits I ordered the Mighty Joe Young burger, and it was pretty good, not great, just good. I have had burgers of better quality at The Red Robin, and Five Guys. Having enjoyed my first food experience there, I decided to order something a little more than a burger the next time that I went there. I ordered fettuccine alfredo. It was a Sunday, and the place was completely empty except for  our party of three people, and 2 other guests at the bar. Our food came out in a timely manner, but I have to say that I have never had such an awful pasta dish in my entire life. The pasta was cooked properly, but the sauce was..... not really a sauce at all. It was as if someone put the cooked pasta into a bowl with hot milk. There was no substance to it whatsoever. It had zero flavor, and barely tasted of cheese. At least they threw some dried parsley flakes on there for color? I didn't send the dish back because I am paranoid about people doing stuff to food that gets returned, so I just chalked it up as a loss. It was about 3 years until I ordered food from there again. After chit chatting to the staff, one of them told me that they had actually just hired a new chef who was supposed to be much better than the last person (who one of the staff told me 'just didn't care'). I looked at some of the things on the menu and they seemed kind of exciting. 
The next time I went in I ordered the lobster mac and cheese. It was terrible. The lobster was overcooked, and like rubber to chew. I thought there may be a creamy cheese sauce, and maybe some herbs, and a crust on the top, no. The lobster mac and cheese was in a sauce that was eerily similar to Velveeta (with about a 1/3 of a cup of water added to it). Whoever drained the pasta didn't do a very good job, because there was a lot of water in the sauce, and it diluted what little flavor there was. The water also prevented the sauce from properly adhering to the elbow macaroni. Besides being over-priced, the dish was poorly executed, and haphazardly tossed in a dish. I am never ordering food from here again. 
I get what these people are trying to do. They want to be a hip gastro-pub, with upscale food. They put 'fancy' items like risotto on the menu, but fail miserably at executing them, and on top of that, they have the audacity to charge you as if you were at a fine dining restaurant in the city. If I had a word of advice for the owners of this establishment it would be this. Either put items on your menu that your chef is capable of cooking properly, or scale the food down to a level that he can be successful with. It is better to do an amazing burger, cheese steak, pannini or fried chicken, than it is to do a piss poor lobster thermador. I would rather have simple food cooked properly, that extravagant food, and extravagant costs poorly prepared, seasoned, and presented. 
Now that I am done talking about the food, I will move on to the drinks. Maybe they are trying to keep the riff raff out of the bar by charging more than any other bar in the area for drinks, but $4 for a bottle of Yuengling, or a bottle of Miller is a bit much. That would be bad enough on its own, but they also never have any drink specials. I am sure they are making a lot of money just based on the fact that Three Monkeys is a 'safe' bar, with pretty decorations that you can bring a female to, and that is great! But at the same time, they really shouldn't be alienating the people in the neighborhood that their business is in. 
Great staff, good drinks, nice decor, clean, awesome patio area. That place could be really special if they just fixed those 2 things.Just got back from Three Monkeys. Decor is AWESOME! It's one of the oldest places I've ever eaten at. We both had burgers, and they were really good. My only real complains are: 
The water tastes like it came from a garden hose. Very metallic tasting. 
Two pretzel "sticks" for $5 is a little steep. 
If you're on the fence, you should go here. It's really a fun place to eat.Asked a server where the bathroom was to change my baby boy. With a attitude she told me they only have private bathrooms and none with changing tables, and that they never had them to begin with.  Good food thou.After reading the review by Kelly S., tonight was the first time I went to Three Monkeys Cafe. Okay, I am so accustomed to seating myself at the bar and walking right past the hostess (I think I owe the hostess an apology).
Tonight was also Monday night (the weather was crappy though), they had what Kelly S. called 3M Monday. It seems that chocolate martini was very popular to be ordered by those seated at the bar.
The first thing I was happy to see was they had Stella Artois draft. They have your usual assortment of beer on tap (Guinness, Yuengling, Miller Lite, Peroni), probably as well as bottled (Miller Lite, Budweiser, Heineken Light, Corona Light, etc..). They also had Blue Moon (a Belgium beer) on tap. There was also something called HoeGaarden on tap, absolutely no idea what that is. I might have missed one or two, but the one that caught my curiosity was "Horny Monkey Ale", it was a dark ale. If you are a fan of ale, my suggestion is to give "Horny Monkey Ale" a try. I thought the "Horny Monkey Ale" was smooth.
Prior to tonight, I did visit the website. Tonight I tried the wasabi crab cake. It was definitely crab cake with a twist (it was crab meat with wasabi on the inside, the outside was deep fried). An order of wasabi crab cake came with 2 pieces. Nonetheless, it was delicious.
Tonight I sat at the bar, I had a couple of pints of Stella. I thought the bartender (Erin) was friendly and outgoing with her customers.
I thought the crowd was friendly too.
They do have live acoustic music on Saturday and Sunday (from 2pm thru 6pm) from reading one of the smaller blackboards hanging near the end of the bar. I would love to be here on a nice weekend.
I will definitely be back here. As already mentioned "This place really is a hidden gem in the far Northeast". It's directly across the street from the SEPTA R7 Torresdale station. The nearby SEPTA bus routes are 19 and 84. There is parking across the street at the PPA (Philadelphia Parking Authority) lot.
About the decor, you are surrounded by monkeys! Not to worry, they are not live monkeys. There is one monkey "statue" with a grin that is in a corner holding a blackboard version of notepad with menu.
http://3monkeyscafe.com/images/photos/contruction/IMG_0045.jpg
Overall, I would give this place a 4 stars to 4.5 stars. It's very difficult for me to give any place a 5 stars.
Many thanks to fellow yelper Kelly S. :-)
Update: August 23, 2007, I was happy with the staff behind the bar (Jackie, Joe), all nice people. I'm glad I had the opportunity to apologize to the hostess from Monday evening. Tonight there were "reps" from Samuel Adams, they presented Sample A and Sample B. If my memory is correct, Sample A was red and smell better. Sample B was darker and went down smoother. I voted for "Sample B" tonight.Love Three Monkeys Cafe. LOVE IT.
Food is good, service is very good, even when they are busy. The first time I went, it was just before St. Patty's day, and the place was packed. Our waitress was fantastic, she really took care of us and let us in on her favorites on the menu, since we'd never been there before. The steamed clams in basil & garlic butter is my favorite. Definitely different than other restaurants.
The fried "Calamonkey" and the Monkey Surf n Turf are both very good as well.
There are many drink options, lots of beers on tap, and they have Frambois Raspberry Lambic--YUM.
All in all, this is a great place to go to relax. Very comfortable atmosphere and a true gem in the NE.
Will definitely be returning--and soon!!The food is really good. Which I would of gave 4 star. But waiter waited way too long for one beer and a mimosa. $7.50 for an 8 ounce Victory Golden Monkey is outrageous.  Mimosa came in a a small wine glass $6.50.  Foods good but don't drink there.This place is amazing all around. The inside dining and outside dining both are awesome and I had a great experience in both! Servers are always on their toes and refill your drinks without you having to ask. Food is always freshly prepared and their menu alone is fun to read. I get something new every time I go, between the chimps ( homemade chips) wraps, burgers and chicken parmigiana, you can't go wrong! Love this place! Don't forget the monkey bread for desert :)Swung by to have lunch with family after having heard good things. The vibe was pretty good and there was humorous decor everywhere (they really take this monkey thing seriously). There is indoor and outdoor seating and I recommend taking advantage of nice weather whenever you can. 
Had a tasty wrap and the monkey fries. Everyone seemed to enjoy the meal and I'd like to come back and try some other things on the menu.Count me in.......
First visit with 3 buddies. Busy Friday night but only waited 30 min for a table inside.
Décor B+
Noise Level C
Cleanliness B+
Beer Selection B-
Service A+
The food was well prepared and presented in a clean manner. Our server was super attentive. If they added craft beers to the menu I'd upgrade them to 5 stars in a second.
Very good value for what we paid.This is my new favorite spot!  The atmosphere was fun and eclectic, but what I loved most is that the food and drink menu followed the theme.  We showed up for Brunch at around noon Saturday and grabbed a seat at the outside bar.  The beer was cold and the food was delicious.  Try the crab-addict for something savory or the monkey roast if your in the mood for something sweet.   The only reason I give a 4 instead of a 5 is that I started with a sub par mojito, but we will definitely be going back.Great atmosphere great service especially on a busy day (Friends and I went on St Patrick's day) this is an especially great brunch spot but just as good for lunch and dinner too! It's a small cozy little place which really adds to the charm of it. Prices are reasonable too I highly recommend this fun place for any occasion!I've lived in NE Philly all my life and the bar options are fairly blah. But The Three Monkeys Cafe was great! Sort of reminds me of Eulogy down in Old City. 
I had the French Dip and my fiance had the Mighty Joe Young (Taylor Pork Roll slice on top of burger). As the other reviews said, the French Dip was on a croissant and it was soggy--but I ate every bite with a knife and fork. The beef was darn good. 
My fiance couldn't finish her burger. The Fries Appetizer were really good also - think McDonalds thin but a little darker and crunchy - definitely in the Pomme Frites style, served with mayo. 
My only complaint was that the tables were small and on top of one another (no booths too)!  With the communal Fries and our two dinner plates, there was no more room on the table for anything else. Add to that, the back of my chair was touching the back of someone else's chair - annoying! It also didn't help that the table behind us was obviously a "girls night out" and we could barely hear our own conversation over their cackling! 
Chickie's and Pete's is tight too, but at least their tables are huge. If I go back again to 3 Monkeys, it will probably be in warmer weather so we can experience the outdoor seating and watch the R7 & Amtrak trains go by.  
PS....thumbs up on the Horney Monkey Ale!!Still overpriced, the waitresses and bartenders still suck.  You can find me at P2 lounge (aka the "outside" of Macaroni's). Peace out monkey. The only cool thing about them is that they have a flat RonnieSecond time here, food was good! Got a black and blue burger, was cooked to my liking. Decent beer selection, beer was cold! (Always a plus) Service was better this time than before (last time wait was ridiculous). Overall pleasant experience.A great spot in the summer, and the winter. The outside is fun and light hearted, and reminds me of Blue Heaven in Key West. It's a great spot for brunch, and I do enjoy the outside most.
Inside is a little dark, but it's definitely decorated well, and interesting. It can make for a romantic dinner in the main dining room. The staff is attentive, it's always busy when we go, but do a good job of accommodating everyone. 
I have never had one bad menu item. They have a great whisky selection, ....and I'll say it again, a great brunch ;)Diane is the best morning bartender! She makes an amazing strawberry shortcake martini that is sure to please !!  She is fabulous and very personable and always makes you feel welcomed !The atmosphere of this cafe is unique and quirky - I loved it. The food was on point. The patio is so great. I gave 4 stars because of the table service. Our waitress was inattentive to the point we were having to flag her down just to order a other cocktail and get the check. Would be 5 stars otherwise.I absolutely love this place, a bit far but I make the drive with no problem when I am craving this place. My go to appetizer is the calamari (safe to say it's the best I've ever had) and as entree: penne pasta w/ spicy marinara & grilled chicken! This place is a must try!Bad experience all around . Mediocre food - that took forever - along with terrible service with an attitude. Not worth a return visit.I love three monkeys café I always came here! The way it's set up it so cool! But today I came here for a Mother's Day brunch with my mom and six month old daughter. When I came before I never noticed to look for children assessability. But since I have a baby girl I went to their website and it states child friendly and assessability. When I got there I was seated with a high chair but when it was time to change the baby they have five bathrooms and no changing tables. The waitress was kind enough to walk me around to a bathroom with a small table with a broken leg and told me that I can change the baby on there I laughed, and went to the car to change the baby. You're a restaurant especially a family restaurant that has child assessability and child friendly on your website you should have changing tables at least one of your bathrooms.What a fun atmosphere! My husband and I met another couple here for dinner on a Saturday evening. I'm glad we made a reservation - it was packed. My husband and I arrived early and had a drink at the bar. The restaurant looks like a hip neighborhood tavern. Monkey decor was all over the place. Adorable! We were seated promptly, and service was very good. We ordered a couple of appetizers to start - volcano shrimp and crab balls. The crab balls were large and delicious. I wasn't crazy about the shrimp - a little too saucy for my taste, and too much batter. For entrees, my husband and our friend had Irish roast beef sandwiches - delicious. Our friend's wife had the blackened mahi tacos, and I had a black and bleu veggie burger. The tacos were large and flavorful. I loved my veggie burger! The sandwich rolls are amazing - as are the chips. We'll definitely be back - a lot of other menu items we'd like to try. And the outdoor patio looks like a fun place to hang out when the weather gets a little warmer.The burger tasted as if it was from a frozen patty.  The kid's menu chicken tenders and fries platter was terrible.  The chicken was the size of a finger and both the chicken and fries were over cooked.  The french fries were also very thin and dried out from over cooking.Three Monkey's is a small-ish pub somewhat off the beaten path, but also in the middle of everything.  
My first impressions were very positive - the pub and its patron's were quite cheery, even withstanding the snowy mush outside.
I looked around a bit, being nosy as I generally am, and enjoyed the heavy use of wood in the interior architecture, as well as the heavy use of impressionist paintings (ok, posters).  I fancied myself drinking a pint with Dali and the Beatles.
I saw the bartender attentively tracking me as he waited on his full bar.  By the time I found a comfortable, well-positioned stool (not that there were many options), he had arrived at the same spot - a sot-seeking missile who cheerfully asked me if I wanted a drink.  (Later, I saw the same bartender have "Jerry's" beer ready before Jerry sat down or ordered a thing - I'm going to go out on the limb and say Jerry is a regular!)
The affirmation in my response to the bartender's question was inevitable, but there were several choices to mull over.  I tried a new beer, Stoudt's Horny Monkey Ale, which I subsequently discovered was sold elsewhere as Scarlet Lady Ale, and found it well-balanced with a rich dark amber reddish color and a smooth malty finish.
I poured over the menu and found favorites as well as unique options: wasabi  crab cakes, chicken cordon bleu balls, baked mac'n cheese, pot stickers, tapas, burgers, wraps, salads, and sammiches.  A good entree selection included a (slightly overpriced) raw bar, plus steak, veal, chicken, seafood, and pasta.  
I opted for one of the specials, the rigatoni with beef tips in a "tomato garlic shellot (sic) parmesan cream sauce" ("shellot"?  Isn't that a computer virus?  - hey, I had to pick on them about something), and it was surprisingly delicious!
The Tree bar and Monkey Court were closed (night, snow, ice, cold - you get it), but I really wish I have the opportunity to return and visit there during warmer times.  I am looking forward to that!
Eat, Drink, and Be Monkey!!!I haven't been here in some time but when I did go it was a very pleasant experience. The atmosphere was wonderful. We ate outside and it was a beautiful day. The food was delicious. I'd go back for another visit.First time brunching at the 3 Monkeys and I was super impressed. I've been a fan of 3 Monkeys for years and have been there many times for happy hour, dinner, drinks, rehearsal dinners, and other random get togethers. Service is great and the food never disappoints. There were 4 of us and 2 members of our party were taking the train from center city and running late. They still seated the 2 of us, and didn't make us sit at the bar or wait for the others to join. That was really nice - most places don't do that. I have to say, too how much I love the decor of the 3 Monkeys. It's so eclectic and welcoming. I ordered the crab-adict which was basically eggs Benedict with a crab cake, it was phenomenal. It really hit the spot. The portions were big and I think the price is great for what you get. I really recommend the 3 Monkeys overall. I've never been disappointed there.Rarely do I go out to eat and am just so satisfied after and this place hit the mark. Atmosphere is really cool and I love the vibe here. We sat outside and they have a nicely shaded area and the bar that looks like a great place to come back to at night. I got the turkey wardolf and who I was with got a burger and they were amazing. I would recommend this place to anyone! Staff was great as well, we had Shannon and she was an excellent server!Love this place. Great food (cheesesteak rolls are to die for), awesome drinks, plenty of outside seating. Perfect.I was here for lunch during the week day, so I can't speak to the atmosphere when the bar is in full swing, but the food is mediocre.  I had the french onion soup and a portabella mushroom sandwich.  Nothing that I couldn't have gotten at a run of the milll chain like a bennigans or houlihans.. the beers on draft were weak, but they did have some good bottles for the winter season (troeggs mad elf, rogue yellow snow, etc).   Bottom line: this was a one and done place.Food is good. A little pricey. Bloody Mary's are a joke. Tastes like bottom shelf vodka, old tomato juice and regret.Came on a Sunday and seating was available immediately.Enjoyed outside seating. Ordered a mojito which was Divine :). Calamari for appetizer which isn't the traditional calamari you are use to but it was good. Ahi Tuna wrap for dinner which wasn't to bad .So-so.Great atomosphere; however, I ordered the buffalo shrimp and it was undercooked. Good for drinks.So excited for quinoa burgers. Tasty though they fell apart. We make them at home a lot- maybe try adding more breadcrumbs?
Sweet potato fries were awesome. Cinnamon? Cardamom?
Our waitress was so angry at us though. Why!? Some of us even ordered alcohol :(
It made my husband not even enjoy his food. Amazing how much of a difference the server can make.
Noisy. 
Quaint.
Great bathroom decor and artwork.I love the atmosphere here. Everyone is friendly and welcoming. The breakfast is good, dinner is ok. I usually come here for the drinks and the atmosphere maybe a couple apps.First thing first chef Beth was awesome. Food is well prepared, sevice was great. Went on a Thursday around 5pm and it wasnt very crowded. Every plate we ordered was outstanding. Will be returning.I recently went Three Monkeys with a bunch of friends for another friend's birthday. The inside was very loud until most of the bigger tables cleared out. It was also very dim and in extreme need of space. The tables and the seats were so close together, one had to walk sideways to get through. 
I was a bit disappointed later in the evening when we found out that the outside area had different specials a food. Nobody explained anything to us.
The service left something to be desired. The waitress didn't really listen when people spoke to her, she never really checked on the table to make sure we had everything we needed either. In fact, she even forgot to bring out all of the water glasses for the table. She also did not clearly explain some of the entrees with salads. All but two of us had ordered sandwich entrees with salads on the side instead of fries. When two salads came out from someone who was not out waitress we all assumed that the salads would come out first. Turns out, these two salads were for other en tress and not the sandwich entree. It wasn't a huge deal but clear explanations would help to not confuse the restaurants goers and would help to not waste anybody's time. Another thing that bothered me with the waitress was that she didn't really help clean up a spill. Someones water spilled and the person next to them was helping wipe it up with napkins and clearing the ice cubes. The waitress came over and didn't clear anymore ice or help wipe the table.
The food was pretty good. Not very expensive but also not cheap. The monkey is highly disappointing. It is nowhere near as big as one of the photos I've seen. It's approximately 4 to 5 inches across and about 1-2 inches high. It is also not made like traditional monkey bread. This version is basically just balls of bread baked very plain then a dusting of cinnamon and a bit of caramel drizzled over top. 
The drinks inside were a hit or miss and mostly miss in my opinion. MY friend had one drink that tasted like floor cleaning solution.
The outside bar was a bit more spacious. It was a little difficult to enjoy because it was very humid and rainy outside. The actual bar had a roof but the tables didn't. Also, when my friend had called to inquire about seating at the outside bar she was told there was plenty of room for all of us after we finished dinner. Unfortunately, the tables are for people eating dinner and you have to be seated by a hostess. 
Overall, I might be inclined to go again but I would like to sit outside. Hopefully, the service is better. The food looked better and the drinks definitely were.A hidden treasure outside and inside tables 
The food is the best I've had the prices are not out of range
Can park in Septa lot same side as 3 monkeys after rush hour free
Check out how it is decorated love the ceilingOverpriced and the food is only o.k. as far as breakfast goes. I cannot vouch for lunch or dinner so let me clear up front on that. My wife and I stopped in here one weekday around 9:30 for breakfast to try the place out. The crowd seemed to be night shift people who just got off, all drinking and fowl mouth talking which was strange for the hour of day. I ordered the scrapple sliders which weren't that good as the spicy ketchup was horrible and for $9 came with nothing. 
 I did add the homefries and a coffee. The bill for the two of us was over $30 for breakfast for a half ass meal. I may try this place again for dinner because someone gave me a gift card other wise I would skip it.Nice quaint pub, the atmosphere is cool we sat outside. So, they have a nice small selection of imported beers I had the Framboise Raspberry Beer Yum!! I ordered the signature wings with the teriyaki sauce I didn't care to much for the sauce or the wings they were rubbery not grilled long enough. My salad was nice & fresh. The crab fondue was really good. Our server was cool!! I'll try once again to see how the other foods taste.Save your money.  Risotto should not be crunchy and dry.  Louisiana chicken should not be bland, overcooked, and be of Dollar Store quality.  House chips should not be burnt and ultra salty.  Miller High Life should not be 4$.  Waitress' should not be smothering and pushy.  That is minus five stars.
The cheese plate for 11$ was expensive, but the best part of the night.  So, that is the one star this place barely deserves.
P.S.  Warm up your vocal cords.  This place is so loud I had to yell all night.The atmosphere  is great just like key west! Lobster Mac and cheese is wonderful and plenty of beer on draft. Enjoy !!!sooooooo adorable. its so not NE philly when you step in there, but it fits perfectly. Its about time someone classed it up. i love the bar outside the most. it feels like youre in key west sitting there. i met the owner and he was the sweetest guy ever. as much as i hate to venture from south philly to the NE, i love love love this spot.Great place great food and great service will defiantly b back the outside looks so cute it's probably great in the summer. IThe food and atmosphere are awesome. I had the pork Mac and cheese which was so delicious, my husband had the mighty Joe young burger, mom had the lobster mac and cheese and dad had the salmon. We also had cheesesteak spring rolls and fries to start. Everything came out timely and hot. The only reason I'm not giving them 5 stars is because they have no changing table in their bathroom. We called ahead to make sure that they had a highchair, and we just assumed that the two would go hand in hand. Other than that this place is great. I definitely want to try their brunch.Great place to come and have lunch and a beer. Food is excellent and a very good beer listStopped by here last Saturday at noon after a funeral. They still had a breakfast/brunch menu and we scored big!!!! My breakfast Enchilada's were so big, cheesy, and filled with egg, cheese, bacon sausage scrapple(i think)!!!!! delish!!!
My wife was looney over her French Toast with a Creme layer and topping!!!!
This was a five star experience, but gave them a four, due to other visits being only average.Omg I'm in love with this place, the service to the food to the outdoor sitting everything is A1!! Will add this to my list of "go to" food spots!Great food and lovely outside seating in the spring and summer. Really chill place to go for any meal.Best place to go in Northeast Philly.  Mahi mahi burger was delicious.  Service was good & drinks were even better!Brunch food was just okay. Nothing special.
Atmosphere was very cool with outdoor seating. I would def go back and try again for lunch or dinner. 
Drinks were good.I love this place, we come here often. The best quality they have is their ambiance, the outdoor seating is the best in the northeast. Full outdoor bar with TVs, and table seating under the twinkle lights and trees. The menu is great and ever changing. A decent selection of craft beers. Last night I came with some friends for some drinks, had a great time, Jackie was our bartender. I would Definitely recommend. We even came here for our wedding rehearsal dinner.I pretty much came here because Yelp has been suggesting it to me for weeks. After reading reviews and lots of internal debating, I went. I went and I was not impressed. I'm actually kind of mad that the food costed as much as it did. I'm also not too pleased with the service there.
I don't expect to be greeted with red carpets and cheerleaders, so I don't mind if a hostess isn't elated to see me (though your job is to greet people with a friendly personality). We were seated promptly as it wasn't too busy. I was excited looking at the menu, there were so many interesting things to choose from. I decided to get an entree, the "Dare to Be Rare," which consisted of seared rare Ahi tuna over cold wasabi-ginger cous cous. Sounded right up my alley. Beforehand, I decided to split the lobster mac and cheese bites with the person I was with. I waited anxiously. 
Much like the Dog and Bull, I was SURROUNDED by flies. It's hard for me to keep my language PG, but I really hate flies...especially in large amounts. I find myself holding my drink in my hand because I was tired of swatting them away from my straw. I finished my soda rather quickly and out came the appetizer. It was a bus boy who brought it to us. My other half asked if we could have refills on our soda. Mind you, we were sitting literally two feet away from where the soda comes from. It's the only reason why we asked him... he told us that he "doesn't do that," and would, "try to find the server." Cool man. Thanks. Moving on to the appetizer, it wasn't bad...but it wasn't great. The mac and cheese didn't really taste like anything, and I was convinced there wasn't lobster in them at all. Definitely not worth 12 dollars, but we ate them anyway. 
The entrees came out quickly after. The presentation was nice. I definitely give them that. The person I was with ordered "The Sticken," which was chicken and regular steak with hot sauce, gorgonzola cheese, and those french's crispy onions. It came with a side of homemade chips. His was actually really good. I felt 13 bucks was a little steep, but it wasn't bad. Again, I'm left jealous and regretful. I didn't really like my dish at all...but I ate it. I don't send food back unless there's something SERIOUSLY wrong. The "cold" cous cous salad was room temperature, which was really off-putting. It also just tasted like honey mustard. The tuna was rough and tasteless. I was almost nervous about eating it, thinking about how likely it would be that I may get sick from it. Meh. 
The whole bill came out to $54.00 even. Definitely not worth it. We still left the server a decent tip even though we didn't see much of him. I used to work in food service, so I really avoid giving servers a hard time or shitty tips at all. 
I won't be back, but there are plenty of other people who seem to enjoy this place a lot more than I did! I'd stay away from entrees and order basic sandwiches.Really nice converted house. The atmosphere is really great. The food was good and the drinks were excellent. Lots of seating inside and out. The wait staff was very friendly and helpful picking out menu items. Close to public transportation with lots of parking. We tried the cheesesteak eggrolls, French dip sandwich, and chicken Parm sandwich, all were excellent. The sandwiches were huge. I will definitely come again !Over an hour wait for our food.  For burgers.  Must have had to go out and butcher the cow.  Had to stand up like we were leaving to get our server's attention to PAY THE BILL.  Will never go here again.This restaurant is very cute. The food was good, especially the hummus bowl. Our waitress Crystal was very nice, sweet, accommodating, and personable. 
The reason I didn't give 5 stars was the wait to be greeted and seated was long. We stood in the doorway for what felt like forever before anyone acknowledged us or said hello. 
Also, it wasn't Crystal that brought out the birthday cake, but some girl with an attitude. I asked her to take our empty plates, but she just grunted at me and walked away.
There was a large party in the room with us which our waitress was also attending, so perhaps they are understaffed. 
Overall it is a nice place, I would come back.My brother and I ate here tonight. We had the NE Cheesesteak Eggrolls and the thin onion strips (like onion rings) were served cold. I ordered the Monkey Mob burger with long hots on it and three of the peppers still had the stems on it. The stems are not edible and I don't understand why that would have been left on the burger. This was not a good experience!Loved this place. The outside patio was great. The bartender was friendly and made great suggestions on beer. The beer selection was pretty incredible. I like trying new things and this place had the variety for me to do that. With that said I didn't give it 5 stars because I thought it was a bit over priced, but overall I would absolutely go back.Creative menu and tasty food.  Be careful of what temperature you order your burger.  I order medium rare and received a burger that was nearly raw in the middle, while my coworker order his medium and received a fairly well done burger.  Otherwise, the food is very goodMy friends and I always come here to hang out and eat some good food or have some drinks and chat. It's a very cool looking place, and definitely homey.
Only complaints: the bathroom is extremely crampt, only two stalls. Once had the Mahi tacos? I believe and got food poisoning. That waitress had been pretty rude so maybe she did something to it. Idek, but every other time I've eaten there though, the food has been pretty damn good and never got another stomach ache.Great decor!  You can eat outside or in (plants, decor, umbrellas) all make this a most charming place to eat. You feel like you are in New Hope or some other quaint little town!  And best of all the food is delicious!  High quality food and not too expensive!  I simply love this place!Horrible Service. Whoever works the morning shift 11/19/16 should not be working in a restaurant. "Heavy Set girl with brown hair and glasses". She ran into another customer and was rude about it saying "Jesus Christ" and stormed off into the abyss. Inattentive to us and our lonely drinks. Had to approach her at the bar to pay for our bill since coming to our table to pick up the check was too much work because she certainly never refilled our drinks. Breakfast food was good. No complaints on the food.I really like this place! Have a been a few times and always enjoy myself. The pot stickers are delish! As are the cheese-steak egg rolls, and of course, the monkey bread! Drinks are good and not super expensive. The vibe is really great too - love the outside patio when it's nice out, but even enjoy the indoors area in the winter. All in all a great place, and will definitely be back!Everything I've ever had has been delicious. The atmospher is great inside as well as out. Love the patio area in the spring and summer. The beer selection is good too.First, let me say that the food and drinks here are always great.  I haven't had anything on the menu that I didn't enjoy. The atmosphere is neat too; you can sit outdoors (if you can get a table) and inside - both have funky, fun decor. But, the downside - the service is always SLOW! Everyone is friendly, but expect to wait 20 minutes before your drink order is even taken. Then, you might as well order two because you don't know when she'll be back.Come here whenever visiting Northeast Philly. It's pretty much the only decent place in this area to get a somewhat "clean meal". Usually our trip consists of their great beer selection and some hummus. Decided to order a wrap and veggie burger tonight. $15 for a wrap and $14 for a veggie burger?? Are you guys fing nuts? I have been half away across this country dining at every type of establishment from high end restaurants to some of the best brew pubs and cafes. Never in my life have I paid $15 for a wrap and $14 for a veggie burger. Hey more power to you. Seem to be plenty of people there drinking the Kool Aid.Ordered the veggie burger the other day and it was very good. Abundance of flavors, moist, and very well cooked. I will definitely be back!Three Monkeys is a great neighborhood spot to go for dinner or drinks. The outside bar and courtyard is really cool and attracts many people from all over.  However, if you're like me and can't eat gluten, be cautious. (They do offer GF bread and wraps though)
The service is okay, I have had some really great servers and some really bad ones. It can get pretty busy, especially in the warmer months, so they seem to be in a rush and I don't always feel comfortable asking questions about the menu. I often receive the wrong answers to my questions. I've even had someone who just didn't want to answer them at all. 
The food that I think I am able to it is delicious however, and consistent. They do a great brunch and I really love their salads. Even though I haven't had amazing experiences 100% of the time, I do enjoy being there.Don't wear a tank top to the outside sitting area. Because instead of addressing the employee that sat you that there is no tank tops in the middle of your dinner they will come up and ask you to put on some shirt they have in the back room from some alcohol company. Sorry that's not customer service to me when an employee made the mistake.
 Thanks for the wonderful experience at your establishment DottyI have been visiting Three Monkeys for several years, and I've always enjoyed the food here. They do change the menu from time to time but they usually update it with something I enjoy. They offered a blueberry sauce with chicken tenders for brunch for a while that was oddly very delicious. 
They also offer a big selection of craft beers which I being a beer fan am a big fan of that. Their service has always been above average and they have a very nice outdoor seating area which is great for date or groups. 
Very easy to park at this location and it is right by a train station so it is very accessible.I had dinner at Three Monkeys this Saturday with 5 other family members and it was great! The place is adorable inside and out! We never felt rushed and the server did an excellent job being attentive and friendly. We ordered the pot stickers and the calamari appetizers. So glad we ordered 2 of the calamari because it was delicious! Its in a scampi type sauce and it is excellent! 3 of my guests ordered the crab and asparagus. They all enjoyed it. I ordered the sea bass which was really good but the risotto wasn't exactly a lemon flavor. We all enjoyed our meal and I will be back again. Only gripe would be the drinks were pretty small for the price. My family enjoyed them though!What happened to this place? Was here a year ago and loved it so I suggested  my friends and I meet here for dinner. OMG! What a disappointment. The menu  didn't offer much of a selection, not like I remembered from last year. The food was marginal at best and was RIDICULOUSLY over-priced. $26 for two tiny (2") crab cakes. There is no salad or bread offered with dinner. We asked our server for some bread and were quite surprised to see a $2.00 charge for bread. The beer selection has also diminished. They use to have a fairly decent selection of  craft beers. Yuengling was about as top shelf as it gets now. I have to cross this off my list of recommended places.
I miss the old Three Monkeys.first time for three of us within a party of 7.
quirky cool interior,  a plus.
long long long wait for food on a moderately busy wed ( last night!) night.
and decent food yes, some very pretty in presentation , some not so , but pricey for quality and proportion.
we as a group are always looking for a welcome spot for food / drinks / atmosphere but not so much here.the server nice enough kid but key word " kid".
unfriendly staff of young kids.
no thanksVery nice atmosphere! Inside and outside seating. Food was delicious and the service was great. I would definitely recommend and revisit! Happy hour menu looks great! I will definitely try it!I like the funky decor. Outside is nice in the Summer. But the wait staff can be curt or just rude (based on several visits.) Bartenders are polite and friendly. Their eggplant parm has hot chilli peppers in the sauce --I just wasn't in the mood for that and wish they mentioned that on the menu. I do like their Asian dumplings and some of the other unusual fare they offer. The place is a tad on the expensive side for NE Philly and parking is a great deterrent as the Torresdale station commuters take up most of the available spaces nearby.Delicious brunch!! Great food and drinks. The service is okay, nothing special. Definitely pricey but it is worth it.This place is great. From the food to the service to the beer selection. Awesome atmosphere and love the fresh pretzel appetizer with Gouda cheese sauce. I love the burgers and are always cooked right. Can't wait to return.Heard great reviews about this place and decided to give it a try over the summer. 
1st of all, The host was not friendly. 2nd of all, my boyfriend and I sat at a table for 10 minutes, greeted by 2 waiters but none of them bring us water. There was a miscommunication btw them two to take our order. Last, we didn't like what we ordered.  Overall experience, we did not like this place!  Not sure if we will be back.Update--
I've been back twice since my first post. 
Came for football in January, sat at the outside bar. Smells like  spilled beer but not like awful or something you don't expect from a patio bar... I guess. Had the chicken fingers - DELICIOUS. Homemade, so you're getting big chicken tenders and breading i like cornflakes, oh my god, I love them.
Came here again for brunch and was under quoted by 45 minutes (our quote was 45 minutes so that's an hour and a half wait) sat down completely starving. Burger was decent, bacon egg roll were good. But under impressed with the service and wait. Probably wont be back for brunch.Every time I go to Three Monkeys I always end up getting the turkey burger wrap, so amazing-can never finish it but always good as leftovers later. Tonight we also tried the calamari which was super different(spicy) but very good. The outside is awesome during the warm summer days. My only complaint is that it's a little pricey for the locationFirst time here recently for a weekend brunch. I must say there were interesting menu items. We all enjoyed our meal. However I could have gone to a 5 star restaurant for the cost of our meal. The outdoor area is nice.  Our server definitely could have been better.  Just went back for lunch during the week. Again our server was less than good.  Not attentive to our table.  Food was good except I ordered the CBLT.  Mostly lettuce. Disappointing to me.I learned that they fixed the wireless internet access through one of the servers there. Which means I can have my pints / food and log on to work with my laptop (if necessary).
There are some beers on tap that are a "fixture" and are usually the same for the most part, but occasionally they may be replaced by a "seasonal" beer.
The menu has also changed, some items (cuban sandwich, mussels) are no longer available and cost increase to some items (most appear to remain the same). The mussels (in black bean sauce?) is occasionally offered as a special.
I have had the steamed clams and french dip recently. The steamed clams (in fresh basil & garlic butter sauce) is one of my favorite appetizers here. The beef on the french dip was good, but serving it on a croissant made a soggy mess (as Zanna pointed out). If an item comes with homemade chips, I usually substitute with fries. Overall, the food is good. The wasabi crabcakes (from my previous review) remains my favorite.
My friend ordered a caesar salad with shrimp, but the kitchen "forgot" the shrimp. The server did enter the order in correctly. The salad was taken off the check.
The service here is very good. The staff is friendly as always even when the establishment is very busy.
On the nights that I am too tired and don't want to cook, I may pick up dinner from Three Monkeys after getting off the SEPTA R7.
The "patio" is opened during the summer months, usually very popular if the weather is nice. A minimal of 8 is required if you want to make reservations for outside seating at the "patio".I came here for Sunday brunch, my boyfriend and I were just in the area to buy something so we decided to look for brunch spot. It seems like this is the only place in this part of the Northeast for brunch so it was packed. There was a 30 minute wait for 2 people, but only ended up being 15 minutes, so that was a nice surprise. There is a cozy feel and the food was great! We had a pretzel with gouda cheese, I could have eaten 4. I highly recommend that! I got the crab-adict and again amazing and my boyfriend had the bacon eggroll which he enjoyed. The only reason I did not give it 5 stars is because the service was a little slow. Our food came out quickly and by the time we were seated more people left so our server was not as busy. She was nice enough, but not attentive, we sat waiting for our check for a while as well as to actually pay the bill. 
Overall, I would recommend it and I'm definitely going to return.I have only been here a few times, parking can get a bit hard the later you go. 
I love that they have outside seating & it's decorated really cool. There's also a side bar and then there's a main bar/ restaurant. 
They offer brunch during the weekend. The food is a bit on the pricey side, but I never had a bad meal the few times I have been here. This time I ordered the turkey salad Waldorf wrap. It was delicious and served with their truffle fries. 
The servers and bartenders are always friendly and willing to accommodate your requests with a smile. 
It's definitely worth going there once even if it's just for drinks.Three monkeys cafe was a really pleasant experience. Our server was extremely attentive and courteous. Being that it's the Northeast, it's as good as it gets. It's probably the best breakfast in Northeast Philly as far as food + atmosphere. Everything is monkey themed (hence the name) making it a bit quirky. The reason why more stars aren't given is because the food was average and average food deserves an average review. 
*****Also I would love for places in the Northeast to get with the program and start serving locally sourced coffee (not just some cheap, wholesale, stuff).***
This is a good place of you need to be in the Northeast and don't feel like venturing to other parts of the city. Better than a diner but nothing compared to other establishment in foodie neighborhoods. I wish that the Northeast would get some character.This place is great! My boyfriend and I always enjoy ourselves there. I've never had a bad dish, the new crab avocado dish is delicious. My boyfriend loves the Horny Monkey beer on tap. The patio is always a nice place to sit on a beautiful summer evening. We will be back!Checked out the Saturday brunch; very delicious! Had the "mob"lette. Omelette with sausage, sharp provolone and long hots, omg sooooo damn tasty. went around 1230pm and the place was hoppin. Waitress was sweet and the crowd was a nice crowd. Everyone seemed to be enjoying their time there. I'm definitely planning on going back for dinner al frescoI finally found the Three Monkeys Cafe and I'm glad I did. Walked through the venue and found a table outside. A very friendly waitress came over with menus and drink requests. Two thumbs up for the Horny Monkey Ale. I had the Teriyaki Chicken Fajita Wrap with salad, my friend had the Fiesta Chicken Wrap with homemade chips.  My wrap was decent sized and the chicken was moist and tasty. Our waitress came by ofter to see if everything was alright and If we needed anything else.  My friend had a cannoli with coffee & Bailey's for desert, I opted for another Horny Monkey Ale. I'm sure I'll be returning to this establishment in the future. Oh, did I mention that the homemade chips rocked, well they did! Think I'll get chips and a salad next time.I always seem to end up coming here when I'm craving beer and i don't know why. The beer list is OK but there's nothing special to it. Food is always good and consistent but i just don't seem to enjoy the vibe as much. 
I really have nothing bad to say about this place but i really don't have anything great to say about this place either. Prices are good, food is consistent, but the menu does not seem to change much. I'm sure i will be back here again and again but it would be nice to see some more happen.how can you screw up fried food???? they know how, i give every place the beneifit of the doubt  at least 3 times, they failed  all 3 times ,,,,  i love the ambiance , BUT i come to eat not to look around ,Food was good.  Outside seating was great. However, sitting right under blaring speak wasn't enjoyable.I came here one night with my boyfriend because a friend recommended it to me. Being from South Philly, driving to the Northeast for dinner isn't something I do often, but wow am I glad I did! 
Even though we couldn't sit outside because it was pouring, our waitress Taylor made our dinner great. She was attentive and really knew the menu. My boyfriend is kind of a beer snob and she really the beer, which is a bonus with him. 
Overall, for not being able to sit outside, the food was great but our service was even better. I will definitely be taking the trip here again soon!First, let me say the good things I have to say about Three Monkeys.  It's cute, with a nice bar, imaginative eclectic decor and a nice outdoor patio.  The waitstaff is generally pretty nice,  if less than what you'd expect at a more sophisticated place.  The beer selection is good, and they seem to keep it cold and their tap lines clean. 
But the food...strictly so-so.  For the life of me I can't figure out what the attraction is.  I've had burgers there, and they're good, but beyond that?  No so much.  Empanada appetizers tasted strictly commercial foodservice.  Seafood risotto had nice shrimp and scallops, but the risotto also tasted somehow fast foody.  Crabcakes were mediocre.  The tequila shrimp was a small serving of seemingly plain old scampi accompanied by soggy overcooked veggies.  
I know there's not much in the way of alternatives for dining out in this particular neighborhood, but people really seem to like this place.  As for me, I don't get it.  The food on multiple visits has been consistently mediocre, certainly nothing to write home about.  The monkey bread is tasty though, so I'd recommend that.  
If you're in the neighborhood and are just looking for an edible meal, you can find it here, but if you're a foodie, you're not going to be wowed.This place is close to my house and it is really hard to find a good restaurant (that isn't a chain) in the Northeast! Service is usually great, the food is always good, and so are the drinks. I usually order the crab dip, wedge salad, or fish tacos. If you go early for brunch they have great Bloody Marys too! Seating inside is a bit dim but if you're looking for something brighter the outdoor area is beautiful!Having never heard of this, friends of ours wanted to meet up for a drink and suggested this. Not expecting much from a bar in the Northeast, I was pleasantly surprised but Three Monkey's Cafe. Everything is reasonably priced so a night out won't break the bank. Beer selection is good, bar tenders are friendly, and the outside seating if the weather is right is great! So far we've only had some appetizers but definitely looking forward to going back and trying more of the menu.So much potential, but so disappointing.  The atmosphere is quaint...almost makes you feel like eating in an early 1900's train station.  The place is very expensive, especially for Northeast Phildadelphia prices; they are charging 4 dollars for a domestic beer.  You won't find domestic beer that expensive in many Center City bars.  The food is average, nothing special and way overpiced.  But what really drives this place down on the star scale is the service.  The bartenders tend to be slow and unfriendly.  The wait staff is very unattentive and seem more interested in getting you out of there than they do your needs.  Parking leaves a lot to be desired as well.  Too bad really, because the oustide area has a lot to offer as well as the inside....but with average food, terrible service and high prices, it's all for not.Had a phenomenal time at Three monkeys yesterday afternoon Monica was awesome.  Great ambience outdoor seating. Not too crowded very patient and understanding. Can't wait to go back.Yelp find! This is a nice place, and hopping with fun people. A eclectic dinner menu with lots to choose from. The Pretzel appetizer was a great start, perfect for sitting at the bar with brews watching the game. The dinner was very tasty with great portions. Presented with pride. Service was excellent. Look forward to a future visit.So I've been going to Three Monkeys for about two years, maybe three?  Whatever the case, I've never had a bad meal here.  Not once.  Their Caesar salad is so good.  Their filet mignon is great, crab cakes are outstanding.  But by far my favorite thing to get at Three Monkeys is their crab fondue.  It is AMAZING!!  If I ever find myself on death row, Three Monkeys' crab fondue is part of my last meal.  Keep in mind, Three Monkeys IS a bar, so it can get crowded and sometimes a bit loud, especially if you go there on a weekend evening, but their good food outweighs the potential negative of a crowded bar.Don't really think this place is as great as people make it out to be. The prices of the food and drinks
are the same (if not more!) than the prices in center city. Cool environment but the prices and lack of parking really turn me off from ever coming here.In NE Philly, this place is pretty much the best of the best!
For starters the decor- its very comfy.  Kinda pub-style, but with a more modern twist.  You can sit outside if you want, or settle into one of the many rooms.
The service is up next- these guys are attentive, and really really nice!  Lots of great recommendations coming from the staffers who obviously enjoy this place a lot.  When the staff eats the food a lot, that is a great sign.  
The beer list is vast and diverse; a united nations of beer if you will.  Stouts, ales, wheat beers, ciders, IPA's, lagers, lambics and saisons.  Domestic and imported, light and extra extra boozy are all available for consumption.  I challenge you to NOT find something that you like.  It'd be a challenge.
Finally, the food.  So long as you stay away from the dreaded 'wrap' category, you'll be fine.  The food again has a range.  Healthy to fatty, classy to low-brow and everything in-between.  Being the classy lady I am, I started off with jack bites which was a square take on mozzarella sticks- which i split with a friend.  They were FABULOUS!  It's hard NOT to rave about fried cheese... but it surpassed the average.  The cheese remained firmly within the confines of the crust.  The temperature was steady- not scald your mouth on-fire.  Upon taking a bite, the cheese stayed put.  It was stringy, but not excessive.  Really- perfection.
For my entree, I had a veggie burger prepared in a style called 'the monkey mob' which included sharp provolone, long hots, and roasted red peppers.  It came with a chunk of a deli-style pickle, and fresh chips that were as good if not better than french fries.  There was no down-side to this dish except stomach space.  I stopped eating the bun because i needed to reserve space for chips and the veggie burger (which seemed home made- with fresh veggies in it rather than faux-meat squished together).  The toppings were awesome, and i was pleased to see that the long hots got some heat going!  
All in all- this place was slightly pricier than what I'm used to in NePhi, but it was so worth it.  I'd come back here over most of the places up that way anytime.  It was such a treat to have such an enjoyable meal!Great outdoor space but that's about it.  Mediocre food and lousy service.  Decent prices. Kids menu was a nice option, but my kid like most is picky and the chicken fingers were overly seasoned with thyme or oregano that he wouldn't eat them.Updated Review;
So we haven't been here in quite some time. We arrived today for lunch for a quick bite. It was a gorgeous day so the patio was on a wait, we elected to sit inside. The hostess was well, odd. She was texting on her phone when we walked in and we were just standing there.
Upon being sat we were greeted by our server. She was very nice and attentive. My wife went with the buffalo chicken wrap and I went with the cblt wrap with French onion soup. My daughter who is 5 went with the chicken and cheese quesadilla. They charge us $14.00 for a kids quesadilla, that's ridiculous. It cost more than our wraps. Both wrap were good but lacked chicken. There was hardly any in there mostly greens. The fries stink! They are frozen and battered. The French onion was good but not worth a trip back.
We were hoping after not being there a while the food would be better. We were wrong. The food at dog and bill is so good, why can't they duplicate that here. 1 starI love everything about this place. The service is on point, food is delicious and fresh!! The inside and outdoor area are styled so cute and welcoming. The menu is full of old favorites with new twists! I had the Avocado crab cake platter and it was to die for! Also a mango margarita made with Patron which I will be definitely going back for. The location is convenient (right across the street from Torresdale Station) you can take a train over and not have to worry about a DD!! Awesome all around!Great cafe! This place is way cool!
found this place on Yelp and had to check it out. It's cold right now so we couldn't experience the whole outdoors area but it looks very cool. We sat inside and had a few drinks and some hummus. The hummus was awful (chunky and separated) but the accoutrements were beautiful (rainbow carrots (a big plus) pita, cucumber, etc.) The manager was kind enough to take it off our bill, which was nice since we didn't eat the hummus but did eat quite a bit of the accoutrements!
The staff was very friendly during the day. Our bartender was very attentive and a few of the servers chatted with us while picking up their drinks. The bartender we had in the evening wasn't friendly at all. There were only two other people at the bar on a Wednesday night so you would think he would chat it up with us but didn't. To me conversation goes a long way with a good bartender!
The little dining room is so funky cute and so are the bathrooms  The monkey court, which is the outside seating area reminds me of a quirky Florida-style beachy decor. Since I'm from FLA I loved it! Seems like a gem of a place in the North Philly area!
Can't wait to go back and have some awesome looking food.Stumbled over this cute little cafe. Great place lovely staff and the food is absolutely deliciousnot bad not great. its always nice to change it up once in awhile. i do like the outdoor bar tho.food and service is great, menu includes vegan items that are delicious. parking can be a hassle at busy timesCame here last night for dinner with friends. Very festive for the holiday, and great selection of beer. Truffle fries were great and they have a wide variety of burgers, made of your choice of beef, turkey or veggie. Only compliant was the dinning room was super hot.Great experience. Our hostess Bailey sat us and made sure we loved our table. Very attentive. Very professional. Great drink specials. Great food. Manager Ed was walking around checking on everyone. Matt the bartender was great. Food was delicious. Drinks were cold. Great spot. Staff is the best. Especially the girls sitting everyone. Bones working outside was very attentive as well.Love this place! The outdoor seating is great. Food can get a little pricey, but the ambiance and the drink selection are well worth it. 
Parking can be a little difficult but there's a municipal lot up the street that is $2 all day, which is a great deal!This is a nice little local bar. And who doesn't like staring at random monkey themed decor while eating? The food is not your typical bar food of fried greasy things. I enjoyed their humus appetizer and their French Dip roast beef was pretty good but putting it on a croissant just made it a soggy mess. I wasn't impressed with their homemade chips, they were almost burnt and mostly tasted of grease. On the plus side the portions are generous so you can soak up all that Horny Monkey Ale. I hate the taste of beer but could not resist trying a sip because of the name. I would have to honestly say it was not that bad. The monkeytinis & appletinis were strong & tasty. I want to go back once the weather is nicer and they have their outdoor seating open.Our waitress was great she kept our ice tea full but my chicken tenders were dry and a little over cooked. There wasn't enough honey mustard left to dip in after the 3rd tender.   The cheese steak egg rolls were very good.    They were backed up in the kitchen was but not to bad.  They were also out of mint so we couldn't order the Mojitos we wanted. Their Wrap was good but they forgot the monkey dip and had to wait a few minutes for it.    The  Fish tacos were good but no where near the best we ever had.    Inside was cool and comfortable but table was a little cramped.  One of our chairs was broken and we had to swap it out.  It was 7pm on a week night and very loud.   It sounded like I was in a 20's something bar and not a cafe.  I would sit outside next time.  Prices were a little steep.   They must think they are in Center City with above average food but they are neither.I was so happy to stumble upon this conveniently located cafe. Located near the train station this restaurant serves as a great place to meet friends and catch up. 
Serving American cuisine and craft beers you really can't go wrong.  Offering both outside and inside seating makes this a diverse location. 
Remember to save room for the monkey bread!! Served warm this cinnamon pull apart is the cherry on top!I always love coming here. The crowd is always nice and the food is always good. When I was here today it just seemed like they were having an off day. I asked for an ipa and I was brought a pale ale. The pot stickers were stone cold and it seemed like they were allowing people to drink a little too much at 4pm.
I will give them another try because I don't usually experience this here. I just hope it's better next timeI'd been trying to get here for a while now since it's always so crowded. Finally went on a Sunday afternoon and well I was disappointed. 
Food - waaaay overpriced for mediocre food! $15 for a chicken Caesar salad? Really!?!? I didn't even have a whole chicken breast on it. Not to mention $4 for a miller lite bottle...wow.
And the service...we pretty much had a non-existent waitress. And we got the good ol' dirty silverware which we couldn't get replaced because she wasn't anywhere to be found.
The place is way over- rated in my opinion.A
Love it.  We lived in Florida for 20 years and this reminds me of the relaxed atmosphereGreat place to hang out with family/friends for a bite to eat.  The restaurant is cozy and the outside cafe is relaxing.  Never rushed and the food and drinks are good.Love this place. Want to feel like your at a family restaurant, try this place. The portions are huge and the service is outstanding. They have a new bar outback. Parking can be an issue but with itI had a bison burger and it was delicious. The presentation was good and the beer choices were plenty. The wait staff was not great but the food made up for itService was a little slow but once they got to me very good. Mussels with Red sauce very good, but not the best Crab cakes, was more filler than Crab. Red mashed potatoes that came with were good.Hi.. This is my experience with three monkey ... Is very simple menue i order the monkey mob its was ok not bad the meat was little dry fries wasn't my favorite took long time to get my food and is not cheap you will pay 14$ for sandwich with chips not even fries.Finally stopped for Weekday breakfast, server was OK place was empty.Very basic menu all the regular stuff.Portions were good , little disappointed No sugar free sryup this may sound petty but as a diabetic that wiped out some of the menu.My companion had a bacon and cheese omlete no problem.Home fries were different little greasy well seasoned.I had chipped beef not my first choice ,it was spicey and seemed salty.The coupon on Yelp helped out.Would give it another try, oh yes the black plastic plates were horrible .Guess you have to see them to know what I mean...I give 3 monkeys a 3.5 - the food is definitely good and they have a good beer selection but this place is so ridiculously over priced. I hate going here and honestly don't anymore because of the prices. You can go to any bar/restaurant in the city for the same price or even cheaper and 3monkeys over charges and the location is northeast philadelphia. Aka this place is not worth it to me. I am the complete opposite of cheap too. I believe you pay for what you get and it just doesn't click for me here.What a cute little place, with great decorations and an outdoor patio.  We went for brunch, and the food was excellent.  At first, we experienced a service mixup, but the owner came over andhandled it beautifully.
We shall return.Had the worst " corned beef " sandwich here. Thought I was ordering a traditional Irish corned beef sandwich but it was just a ham sandwich with American cheese. Ate half and was sick all night.After all the nice reviews I've had about this place from friends we decided to drive the 30 minutes and check it out for they're Sunday "Brunch."  well, we arrived around 11:50, and having read that brunch goes until 3pm, didn't think much of it.  We were seated and then waited over 10 minutes to have a waitress come over and tell us she'd be just a few minutes.  So, around 12:10 she asks us what we'd like to drink, and we ask about the brunch menu.  She points at the wall and says that its, which consisted of they're regular menu plus 6 items on a chalk board, one of which was pancakes, the only breakfast item to be found.  We were then informed that breakfast stops at 12pm?!? isn't that what Brunch is?  Breakfast + Lunch = Brunch.  how can it be brunch if 99% of the items are lunch items.  So anyway, we order some coffee and I settle on a Mighty Joe Young burger (clearly copyright infringement) which is a burger with pork roll and bacon on it for $13.  Medium rare.  Coffee comes out and the entire top of my cup is covered in lipstick, so we ask for a new one.  The waitress gave us attitude, took the cup away and came back 7 minutes later with the same cup filled higher.  Food came out, my M-R burger was a hockey puck well done with a cold piece of cheese on top and a piece of almost raw pork roll on top half the size of the burger. Item Description "Thick sliced Taylor pork roll invades our Angus
burger. An addictive combination smothered in cheese."  I think not.  anyway, last time we go to this place.  Decor was nice, everything else was not.This place is great but the service is frustrating. The waitress walked away before I could finish ordering my drink and then was pissed when she got it wrong. I wish the service was in line with everything else about this place.RACIST RACIST RACIST, I came here around 7pm to have a beer with my 3 boys, my 3 boys are Hispanic I am not, we were just having beers in the outside bar minding our own business, not being loud not being ghetto or anything just enjoying some beers. Until we were about to leave and asked the bartender for a round of Hennessy, a older man with a THREE MONKEYS POLO approached us and said WE DONT SERVE HENNESSY IS KEEPS THE "RIFF RAFF" outta here, OBVIOUSLY HE WAS TALKING ABOUT US BECAUSE WE WERE THE ONLY BROWN PEOPLE THERE, never again will I step a foot in that placeThis is an above average sports bar/pub.  They have a decent ambience and outdoor seating as well.  The chili was good. Extensive menu. Service was good as well. Prices very reasonable.  I would go back again.Good food but on the pricey side.  Great atmosphere and craft beer selection.  The one super annoying thing about this place is that they constantly change their menu.  The wraps are really good.  A hidden gem in the northeast.