Ok I know my review is going to go against the grain. But having lived in a place where latin food (Cuban, Colombian, Peruvian, Venezuelan, etc) is the staple, Tierra Colombian comes up short in so many ways.
They offer Colombian and Cuban cuisine. It may well be the "best Colombian and Cuban food you will find in Philadelphia," but that doesn't mean it is good.
The beef dishes were tough and tasteless. The fish was overcooked and dry. The Churrasco...PLEASE! And worst of all, the pork had no flavor at all! 
In Miami this place would be a definite pass it by. Although the desserts were fairly good across the board. Try nearby El Balconcito, or Sazon on Spring Garden, for latin food done better. But I'm still in search of good Cuban in Philly. Forward any suggestions.
I haven't been to the nightclub portion of this place, but if the crowd is right I've no doubt the place can be a blast! And yes, the neighborhood is a bit dodgy-but don't let that be the reason you don't go.I started with an amazing passion fruit mojito which set my expectations high. I ordered the ropa vieja and my friend had the stuffed chicken from the Dominican menu. Both were absolutely delicious. Nothing was too salty but had plenty of the right spices and seasoning. I recommend both dishesBe ready to wait a little over 10 - 15 minutes to just get your first drink. Poor attention. Food was ok butvreally, the lack of service made it ackward. Also, be ready to be charged 15% gratuity, even if it is only 2 of you.If it's just two of you it's best to eat at the bar.  Our service was slow and extremely amateur.  Because it was late when we arrived (well late for us -- around 9:30 and we were starving) I ordered drinks and the meal when the server arrived.   The water and bread and menus arrived immediately but the appearance of the server was delayed 10 to 15 minutes.  Not a good start.   Then my biggest fear materialized when the drinks never showed up and are food arrived first (in about 15 minutes).  The bar was beyond (two basic margaritas) but 15 minutes?   The food is also extremely "heavy" and after about 1/4 of the way through it I took the food home (it was oddly good the next day so plan on having enough for 2 or 3 meals afterwards if that's your thing).  Overall I would suggest stopping in for a drink and a snack at the bar unless you're part  of a big party where you're probably get better service.My first Colombian dinning experience was slightly disappointing.
It's so tough to judge food you're so unfamiliar with. Therefore, my rating is solely based on my initial impression on the quality of the food.
I ordered the Masa de cerdo (cubes of pork with cassava, Cuban tamale, plantains and black rice). The plantains were tasty. Tamale was plain tasting to me. Rice was okay. The pork were very dry and non-tender to say the least.
Appetizers: Shrimp empanada was good but didn't blow me away. 
Drinks: Passion fruit mojito was delicious. Margarita was just okay but very generous size.
Overall, very interesting place in a very sketchy neighborhood. Watch out where you park your car. You might not see it again if you're not careful.Love the appetizer! Especially the bread and butter! So full before the rest of the food came out.I have only ever been here for breakfast, but it's my favorite breakfast spot in Philadelphia.  I like to get gallo pinto, which is sometimes on the menu and sometimes not, but they bring it if I ask for it: rice, black beans, sweet fried plantains, avocado, fried cheese, and steak.  And coffee.  That costs around ten dollars.
Sometimes I get arepas,which are corn cakes with cheese.  By the way, the same people operate the expensive restaurant Mixto on Pine Street.  If you like Mixto, you will like Tierra Colombiana.   The menu is the same.  The food is the same.  The prices are half.  Arepas at Mixto, $2.50 for two.  Arepas at Tierra Colombiana, $0.50 each.  They are the same arepas.
They have a full bar.  Sort of.  I made the mistake of ordering bourbon.  There was a long conversation over by the bar while they tried to figure out what it was.  Eventually the waitress came back.  She was very polite.  "Sorry, we don't have bourbon."  I realized my dumb mistake.  This is a Cuban-Colombian restaurant; of course they do not have bourbon.  Duh.  I ordered brandy instead.
If you speak English, it is possible that you will be the only customer there speaking English.  Remember to smile and say "gracias".
Addendum 20091005: Brought the five-year-old here for breakfast on Friday,  She was very excited to be going to Daddy's secret breakfast place.  Got gallo pinto again, this time with steak.  The kid also ordered bacon, which turned out to be some of the best bacon I've ever had: thin, perfectly crisp, salty and flavorful.  And we got arepas (cheesy polenta cakes), which I love.
But I'm really writing in because I had Cafe Cubano for the first time.  This is espresso infused with a lot of cream and brown sugar.  Wow.  Heavenly.  Suddenly I'm a Cubano addict.
Gallo pinto, plus dos arepas, bacon, cafe Cubano, cafe con leche, and hot chocolate all totalled about $21.  Then we took home half the food and ate it later.delicious! so glad a coworker shared this place with me. i can't wait to bring more friends here and get the center city dwellers to get over the shock of going north of Girard ;)
excellent sweet plantains and black beans. tried the mango margarita (too salty for me), and the red sangria (much better; sweet and filled with cut up fruit).One of my favorite restaurants in the Philadelphia area! I always come for the pernil and the maduros.  Unfortunately I moved further away so when I get to go it is a treat! Great portion sizes, friendly staff, and awesome food!  If you get a chance, go go go.Incredible meal. Got strip steak. Cooked to perfection. Worth the drive to NYC PhiladelphiaTierra colombiana is honestly the best Latin food I have had in philadelphia. I've been here so many times. The staff is courteous,  the food is really delicious, the decor of the restaurant is really cozy and nice. I come here with the same two people all the time , because I swear we're like the only three people in this city that are insanely addicted to this place. I have only had one bad experience with the service at Tierra colombiana and that was because the waiter was New and inexperienced. I forgot to mention the prices are very reasonable and the food is very authentic Latin food.An Oasis in Philly! Another one of the spots in my life where I've never had a bad meal. Tierra NEVER disappoints. We usually get some empanadas to start. I prefer the beef, with the off the hook salsa they put on the table that has a mighty kick, but so flavorful with lemon and cilantro.  I've tried the cheese,  chicken and crab which are scrumptious too. Also,  complimentary fried bread is immediately put on your table. My main staple is usually the Argentine Churrasco. A skirt steak with stupendous chimichurri sauce. Your choice with it;  red or black beans? Yellow or white rice? Plantains? ... it's all good! I've had the Ropa Vieja, Lechon/Pernil, and tastes of other goodies,  which I've enjoyed,  but I usually stick with my Churrasco. My wife's staple is the Arroz Con Pollo, Cubano style. Consistently amazing as I usually delve into the leftovers as the portion is generous and great the next day. The service is amazing and friendly with servers that care and remember you. My water glass is never empty.  Even in a busy,  congested area of Philly, I've never had a problem parking as you are allowed to park directly across the street at the Rite Aid. I believe they have a security guard that patrols in the evening.     
Two words for dessert... Tres Leches. Never been to Tierra Columbiana? It's time!Made a reservation on Saturday morning  for that night, when I arrived the hostess told me, that they don't take reservation on the same day, however when I spoke with the lady she confirmed my reservation on that night. When we arrive she had me waiting an hour so she can get me a table also my server was not very helpful taking my order, at the end he ver explained that the gratuities was included in the bill, so I ended up leaving him a 40% tip without me knowing. I was expecting a better night at Tierra Colombians I feel like is not as great as it used to be..Had lunch there this afternoon with husband & daughter and was very disappointed! Despite the rough neighborhood Tierra was always known as one of the best places among Latinos for some good Spanish food but my visit today was disappointing because of the Paella Marinera. I remember getting a lobster tail split in half, mussels, clam, shrimp and pieces of crab  cooked to perfection in the past. Todays dish was just disappointing, $42 for a portion for 2 which had 1 crab claw, dried up mussels (many of them did not open), there were plenty of clams and lobster knuckles. The dish was over cooked and over priced. The lobster stuck to the shell and mussels were old. Definitely was not worth the price when I called the manger over and explained he said they had the same chef for years and he would discuss it with him. Needless to say, we did not see him again so long and short I will take my money some where else. Such a shame because this use to be a place I would brag to all friends about.
To end on a positive note, I spent $152.00 of which they automatically allow themselves 18% gratuity which normally I have no problem with and our waiter was a sweetheart who recommended a awesome Dominican Salmon to my daughter, so he earned his tip!Just to say that I would move to philladelphia just to be close to this restaurant!.
When I use to study at edison Highschool I use to go here with my sister like every 2 weeks and i absolutly loved it!.... 
For my birthday all i wanted as a gift was to go to this place.
im dying to go back to philly just to go to this restaurant.
The enviroment is great. The service is super! And was the place it self is so traditional. It makes me feel like if i just took a flight to colombia it self.
When i go i always order arroz con pollo with selvesa. thats rice with chicken cooked with a hint of beer. 
Once I went & there was the cutest most buffed waiters serving me and my sister the food. && they was so nice to us! We even got a special dish on the house.( Come on!! im a sweet heart! lol)
I would so recomend this place to anybody. 
this place is a MUST!!!
Its approved by Catherine Galan 
the pickiest critict yet known :)This place has always been amazing. If you're in the mood for great Latin food, great Latin vibe and great prices then this is your spot! ! This place had been around for a while and keeps bringing it. There is a club upstairs that is pretty decent and a lot of fun. Go wIth a group of people so you can share your dishes and try different ones. It is Colombian and Cuban food.Very big portions and yummy! Authentic Latin food and it tastes great. Got the pollo relleno and it was huge haha they also give generous portions of side dishes that come with the main entree. The free bread is butter and savory as wellResponsibly priced. My husband, daughter and I came here for the first time today. I had fried pork chops and white rice and beans. My husband and daughter had steak with white rice and beans or French fries. Also as appetizer we had potato ball with ground beef.for drinks, strawberries shake,guava shake, coffee and moijito. Everything was delicious and service fast. Waiter that served us was helpful and kind. Would recommend this restaurant to anyone who loves Latin and Caribbean food.  Can not say anything more... I will be back....I love the atmosphere inside.  The food is excellent and the mojitos are so darn delicious!  Loved the bread you get at the table.  For my entree, I had the Dominican salmon....to die for.  The combination of the sweet plantain with the creamy sauce on the salmon was incredible.  I also tried their ceviche, which was good as well.
Can't wait to go there again and try more yummy deliciousness.My first visit was with a friend (his second time) around lunch about a week ago and the food was great. Parking was tricky but I don't live too far away so I'm used to the street parking. The basket of warm bread/bums was good while we waited for our food. So I tried the Gallo Pinto and it looked and tasted great, plus it came with avocado which I love! And my friend got something similar but his was more meaty even though it was still pretty healthy. The only thing, my grilled chicken was a bit too dry, eggs were undercooked when I asked for well and we did wait a while for our food but it worked out since we were catching up. However, I still enjoyed it and the place has a very cozy feel to it. Its interesting that there is a night club upstairs, but overall a large enough place to have no worries about getting a table. Wonderful place and I will be back to try their other selections.Came here early in the year on the advice of a friend. Their portions are generous and they offer a wide variety of Latin dishes. During the weekend their second floor converts to a dance club. I've heard great things about it though haven't experienced it for myself. However the size alone of this venue would have me believe that it's worth checking out. The only cons is the neighborhood with its limited parking and the sketchy crowd that visits here during late night hours.Food and service was A1!! This was better than most of the 5 star upscale places I've been. This is definitely my new favorite place. Try the skirt steak. It's was the best I've ever tasted. SuperbGreat food and great service. 
Nice atmosphere and facilities. I'll be back, God willing. 
Wait not to long for Saturday,  Mother's Day weekend,  5 p.m.Vegetarian platter is amazing, lots of delicious choices.  most of the time they give you a little of everything,  FOOD COMMA amounts of food.  do not leave without trying or bringing home a piece of their tres leches cake.I hadn't been here in a few yrs. but it was a most unpleasant experience this go around. The waiter got my order incorrect & then told me what he gave me is what I ordered. I couldn't explain it in Spanish, so I had to have him give me the menu again, so I could show him. Meanwhile my date is eating I had to wait 15 minutes more to get a hot plate of food. The Sangria was so weak. Never again!I travel for a living and this is one of my favorite restaurants anywhere!!  The chicken soup is out of this world.  Love the pernil, the churasco and everything else we've tried there.  Normally busy, but worth the wait!  The staff is fabulous and work hard to make sure you have everything you need.  Love this place...can't wait to get back!!!great place for groups. have awesome drinks for happy hour and the food is just AMAAAZING!! have a HUGEEEEE dinner menu, with everything so delicious! i got thier meat platter (with beans and rice), which was excellent. Also went there for brunch, where they serve plantains and spicy sauce to go with your omelet. def recommend it :)Great Cuba and Colombian fare.  Best spot in the neighborhood for a business meeting or date."Cuantas personas? Cual es su nombre?" You know a Latin place is going to be good when the hostess automatically assumes you speak Spanish (or doesn't care if you don't). Good thing my Spanish was passable enough for me to not feel like a complete idiot. 
Yes, the area is sketchy, with shady characters hanging around on most corners outside. And yes, they will stare at you if you don't look Latino, particularly if you are a woman unaccompanied by a male. But the restaurant itself is well-lit on the outside, relatively classy and full of people on the inside, and it's like stepping into a nice (by Latin American standards) restaurant somewhere in Latin America. So park in the Rite-Aid lot across the street (the restaurant says you're allowed to) and make a run for the door. 
The food is decently priced at around $12 for most entrees. I had the churrasco Argentino which was delicious, but a juicy steak grilled medium-rare is pretty difficult to screw up. My dining companions didn't seem to find their carne asada quite as delicious. The food in general seemed somewhat unrefined, not exactly sophisticated or exceptional. However, it's pretty good for what it is: basic Latin food in fair portions for a reasonable price. I will be back at some point for the tres leches. Hasta entonces... tres estrellas.I'm sad to say that this place is not as great as it use to be.  I've been going here for the past 6 years and the food is just not as great as before.  The food is good just not fresh.  The octopus salad is pretty good, but sometimes I question the quality of seafood.  I tried the seafood paella which was decent but the mussels used throughout the rice was fishy and a overload.
Tres leche and churrascho Argentino are two solid food items that you can never go wrong with!Cuban, Colombian, and Dominican favorites from the same people who own Mixto in Center City -- this is some high-end barrio food, folks.
The place starts off with great details: grilled bread at the table, Colombian coffee with milk, chimichurri hot sauce for everyone with heat on the front of the tongue before it moves to your throat. My ropa vieja wasn't too spicy but still red and flavorful, and the sizzling-plate bistec was impossibly tender.
The price points are kind of high -- $13 for basics, $40 for multi-protein entrees -- but consider that most meals come with a choice of rice, a choice of beans, and a choice of plantains/cassava/fries. Even if it takes you a second sitting at home to finish, you won't just eat TC's food, you'll demolish it.
(There's also an attached club, if you're interested in getting your Latin swerve on.)Nice atmosphere I've been here a couple of times and love their food but have noticed the portions getting smaller and the price higher. The drinks are strong and the staff is very friendly. Make sure you look at your check before leaving a tip because  They do put a 15%  gratuity to every check.We all know Colombian food is very diverse - each region of the country having its own characteristic dishes. Happy to say the food here is versatile, rich, full of flavor, colorful and moderately priced!I didn't eat here. I have heard the food was good. I went for dancing. If you are going to go here go with a bunch of your friends because the guys do not ask! I went with 4 other girls and there were tons of guys around just bopping to the music. I finally asked them to dance and they say yes, but they don't ask the girls. So, if you want to have a good time then bring guys of your own. Otherwise, the music was fine. It gets crowded but that's always good. The line can be long to get in and there's a mandatory coat check ($2). Don't let the neighborhood and metal detectors scare you, everyone is nice inside.Very, Very good, authentic Latin America Food. I ordered a Red Snapper with Plantains and Potatoes, yellow rice and black beans. Very, very good. Also, I have to say... I ordered the best Margarita I have ever drank in my life. Hands down. If I lived in Philly, I would eat here at least once a week. Very good food and great service.Very bad service. Food is good but we had to wait about one hour to get the drinks let alone the food took longerThis food is fantastic!  I would not have thought to venture to this neighborhood for fine dining, but this restaurant came highly recommended by a friend.  I was not disappointed.  I ordered the arroz con chorizo, which also came with delicious beans and plantains.  The servings are very generous, so I can look forward to some leftovers as well!  I was able to try a bit of the salmon too, which was cooked to perfection.
There is a connection between this restaurant and Mixto in Center City.  I am fairly certain it is the same owner.  While Mixto has a more "center city chic" atmosphere, the menu is very similar and more reasonably priced at TC.  If you live in center city, TC is worth the trip.  If you live outside of the city and enjoy Columbian food, this is a great option for great dining and you do not have to worry about parking.  Also, the mojitos rocked!Their food used to be really good. Unfortunately, if you're black and don't speak Spanish, the only customer service you will get will be horrible. I hadn't had their food in a while and was in the neighborhood recently and decided to call ahead and order Salmon with yellow rice, red beans and sweet plantains. 
When I went to pick it up, the servers kept walking past the bar (mind you, I'm the only person in line) and asking the other patrons who had already been served if they needed anything else. Finally a woman asks me how she can help me. I told her I was there to pick up an order and when she finally brings my food out and I get home, the order is incorrect. They did give me salmon but with white rice and no sweet plantains. 
In retrospect, they must have known what they were doing because the lady who was ringing me up looked nervous when I untied my bag to readjust it (maybe she thought I was going to check the order). The food tastes alright enough, but now I remember why I stopped going there.Yes, yes, yes, go there. the food is great, the staff is great. it helps if you speak or read spanish but english will do. my husband usually takes me there to make me happy. love their frijoles negros, yucca, ensalada, and the fresh juices are so yummy and the coffee is so good as well!  go there, you will love it.I've heard a lot about Columbiana's from co-workers and finally gave it a shot. Wish I hadn't waited so long! Steak was very flavorful and plantains sweet. Definitely helpful with the menu also being in English. Also a wide variety of Latin American cuisine. I'll definitely be back.In my book this is the best nightclub in the city if you love latin music. I prefer to go on Saturdays. The crowd is less tense and everybody is looking for a good time. Dj Safarii is the resident DJ and is a fantastic, fantastic DJ. He mixes bachata, merengue, salsa and some good house and trance music.
There is a giant dance floor in the middle which can fit over 1,000 people. The lighting in the club is great and there are two bars on the outsides of the dance floor. It is never too crowded nor impossible to get a drink. Drinks are reasonably priced.
The place tends to stay open past 2 normally between 2:30-3am. While it is in a bad neighborhood there is constant security around the club/restaurant, the crowd on Saturday night are older late 20s-early 30s all looking to dance and have a good time. The perfect place to end your night if you're looking to dance!
All of the normal tendencies you see at nightclubs do not apply here. You don't have to worry about the braggadocios machismo guy looking to pick fights and look tough; The bartenders who are more interested in finding the drunkest chick in the club/bar than serving you drinks and the overpriced everything that comes along with the clubbing experience. It is good drinks, great music, a relaxed crowd and great atmosphere.Went here on a Thursday night. The vibe was nice, couples, families, and a few groups celebrating birthdays with a moderate noise level. The service was quick and the food and drinks were very good. They have an extensive menu. I think everyone can find a dish they will enjoy here. We had both the Columbian and the Cuban style arroz con pollo, and the Salmon a la parilla. Everything was absolutely delicious. The rice was cooked and seasoned perfectly as was the salmon. The fried yellow plantains were delish, and the red beans accompanying the rice were hearty, with a little kick--um um good. All of the drinks were excellent, no skimping on the alcohol. I would definitely order the passion fruit mojito again. There was a spicy relish that came with the complimentary bread at the start of our meal that was very spicy. I like spicy, but this almost knocked my socks off. I hadn't been to Tierra in years, but the food is still as delicious as it has always been. Will return soon.Cuban is the best!! The pork our so tender and the bread is toasted to perfection. They give you this hot sauce on the side that is the bomb.  I'll definitely be back to dine in since I took my food to go for the ambiance I observed while I waited for my order.I have to say, you are a very lovely lady, Ms. Colombiana. They way you let me into your home, and cater to my every need with extraordinary service, wow. Everything you bring to the table you choose to seat me at, is warm, fresh, and filled with vibrant colors. My favorite dish you make is the Bandeja Tipica, you know the one that brings corn patties, eggs, sausages, and so much more I can't even remember. Listen, I'm not going to make this a long message, I love your food and everything else about you. You live in a neighborhood where creativity, professionalism, and taste is becoming scarce, but you bring it all baby. You are a treasure hidden in these north philly streets, I love you.Great Spanish food! Although, our lobster in our paella was obviously frozen (it stuck to the shell). The rest of our meal was great. Get the mofongo con camarones.Food was great. Got a Costa Rican bandeja. Included pork chops, rice, beans, eggs, macaroni , stew potatos and a salad. The price was amazing. Ate all this for 16.00. However the service was horrible. Food came out fast, but the waiter messed up a couple times. He looked as he wasn't trained properly. Was not even asked if I wanted water. My appertizer came out real late. Was highly upset about that. 
Food was amazing! Service Sucks! Atmosphere was ok. 3 stars is fine.I FINALLY made it to this place! The service was good, I got the Viejo Ropa, black bean soup, and a strawberry smoothie with milk. The brisket was too tough for me but everything tasted good.The food is great but the service is terrible and then on the bill they charge you 18% so you have no choice but to give a good tip for bad service. I've been coming to this place for years for the food but the service is what keeps me away. It doesn't change, its bad every single time I visit. Breakfast, lunch or dinner, always the same. Your seated immediately, the waiter doesn't show up for 15-20 minutes, you order and you don't see her for another 30 minutes. Then she shows up to tell you the food is coming, when the food arrives you never see her again. Every time, we have to wave someone to bring our waiter for our check. It never fails. This has been the same routine for years in this restaurant.I ordered over the phone and was told my order would be ready in 25 mins. I gave them an extra 10 mins extra so I got there 35 mins later only to find my meal wasnt ready. I waited about 10 mins at the register before anyone even attended to me and when they did, they said my food would take only 1 mins or so to be ready. 15 mins later I was still waiting. Then I asked another waiter who said just 2 mins left and I still waited another 6 to 7 mins. Basically it took over an hour from when I ordered. They should have told me the meal would take an hour to get ready instead of saying 25mins.
Anyway when I finally got to eating; it was salty and a bit of sand in the seafood paella. Even in my extreme state of hunger having missed brkfast n lunch that day, I still didnt find the meal tasty. Needless to say; I wont be going back.What a funny bit of irony that I was sitting with my co-worker, Liz, waiting anxiously to leave work for a happy hour at Tierra Colombiana, passing the time by reading to her old yelp reviews of mine only to realize that despite being to Tierra numerous times I have never written a yelp review!  How very unlike me!
Tierra has been a favorite happy hour destination among my coworkers and I've always had a nice time there so I was looking forward to the outing. We had a group of about 10 of us and I was happy that (perhaps thanks to our last minute reservation) that they were able to seat us quickly and if the waiter was overwhelmed by our large group he didn't show it.  He was overall fairly attentive, although there were a couple of times when I was absolutely parched and could have done with a round of water refills but alas for a large group he did a good job.  (Until the check came.  I'll get to that later.)
We arrived during happy hour so most of us ordered the $6 margaritas.  I am glad that they have a happy hour at all, however, I would like to note that $6 for the drinks and small appetizers isn't exactly an amazing deal.  I had a peach margarita and sampled many other flavors ordered by my associates and all were very, very tasty.  I wasn't starving so for food I just ordered a couple of small things to be split with others at the table--an empanada and pastelillo (and something else which he never ended up bringing me or charging me for which was annoying but I was actually so full that I didn't even want it so it worked out fine...)  The pastelillo was not like the ones I'm used to and I didn't really like the flavoring.  The empanadas and everything else I sampled from other people's meals was very tasty.  Lots of good flavors.  Prices for the smaller appetizer items aren't too bad but full meals are pretty expensive by my standards.  The food is good, though, so I guess if you aren't cheap like I am it might be worth it.
I am a complete control freak when it comes to splitting checks in big groups.  With the help of my accounting assistant, Liz, I carefully calculated to the cent what each person owed including tax and tip and wrote it extremely clearly for him on the back of the receipt.  One person contributed $40 in cash which could have easily been taken as the tip to make processing the cards easier.  Instead I have no idea what he did but he put a tip on each card, charging everyone more than he was supposed to.  It was shady and ultimately too much work to even correct.  So god only knows what was charged on my card but it definitely was at least a $1 more than what I very clearly wrote for him to charge to the card.  Jerk.  Next time I'll be bringing cash.As far as Latin clubs go, I would avoid this one if you're looking for legit salsa, bachata, or merengue. Went on a Saturday night and while they did play that type of music earlier on, we were the only ones dancing. Around midnight they started pumping the reggaeton and regular club music, and people finally started dancing in the form of twerking and grinding. 
The nightclub itself would be pretty cool for the aforementioned twerking/grinding if you're into that kind of thing. But the $10 cover for both guys and gals is pretty steep for a sketchy neighborhood in the middle of nowhere. 
We also ate at the restaurant, and they've definitely jacked up their prices while the food remains decent but mediocre. Also, the tres leches is pretty unimpressive. Pass.Just went here last night and I'm already wanting to go back for breakfast! This place was packed on a saturday night (as expected), but it only took approximately 10 minutes to get seated. While waiting to get a table, my cousin and I sat at the bar, just looking over the menu and there's a customer listing recommendations to us! Love the environment because everyone's so friendly and it feels very homey there. 
Drinks: the mango margaritas were delicious! It's very worth it to get a pitcher. Their sangria was great too
Food: I LOVE the buttered bread and spicy salsa that they give you when you first sit down at the table. My cousin and I basically filled up on that while waiting for our entree because it took a while, but their portions were generous and the pricing is fair! 
Definitely will come back when I get a chance! Thanks Esperanza for serving us!
*By the way, parking is available at the rite aid directly across the street, so you don't have to circle around the neighborhood to look for parking!Worst service. Hostess was lifeless and rude. We made reservations for 4 and when we arrived, notified that one person in our party couldn't make it. The hostess said that they don't make reservations for just 3 people so we were added to the end of the waiting list. What?! They couldn't even accommodate us? Ridiculous. Takes a while for any of the servers and bartenders to greet or acknowledge you. We waited at the bar and was not greeted by the bartenders for a long time, even though they made all the drinks in front of us and even made eye contact with us a few times! Food was good but the service really kills this place.I've been eating here for the past 4 years. The food never disappoints me, always good (some dishes better than others) but what really brings down the rating with me is the service. The staff is friendly but the service or lack of is extremely disappointing. So far been sitting at the bar for 15 min w/out anyone taking my order. I have stopped coming to eat at the restaurant because despite the sucky service they will still charge you gratuity (no matter how big the party) so I just order my food to go. It's better to order your food for pick up beforehand or you'll be at the bar like me waiting for service :(Juniata, North Philly
I came here once because someone recommended the appetizers here. Didn't have time to stay. Little did I know this place had these amazing reviews and delicious pictures of fooooooooood! Must come back to try more and review the main course. Salivating!Visited here twice recently. The service is s-l-o-w. If you are at the bar or at a table, expect slow service. I ordered a drink at the bar and it took 10 minutes. I dined with work colleagues and then with family and it was the same. You get seated and a waiter shows up 15 minutes later. Food also takes a long while.
The food is fresh and delicious! My party ordered steaks which were juicy and flavorful. They opted for rice and black beans and crispy tostones as sides which were tasty. I got the Mofongo with Shrimp, a Puerto Rican inspired dish of mashed plantains with shrimp. They also have fantastic empanadas, cheese, chicken or beef. I also enjoyed the yucca that came on a dining partners meal. Delicious. We had a teenager with us and she was satisfied with wings and French fries. My Aunt ordered Chicken Soup and it looked delicious. Big hearty chunks of chicken with tons of vegetables and spaghetti style pasta. My Mom loved her tamale.
Neighborhood is very sketchy, but there is free parking in the Rite Aid across the street. The restaurant has their own security that patrols the lot.
Staff are all friendly and helpful. Perhaps they are overwhelmed and have too many tables because service is bad. Takes forever to get your bill and then forever again to flag down your server to pay.  Tip is also included on the bill. I guess they get a lot of cheap and/or rude clientele if they had to implement that.
Restaurant itself is very nice inside. Dimly lit and decorated gorgeously. Bathrooms were also clean and modernAll I can say is OMG. I am stuffed and the food was amazing. I can say enough about this restaurant. Plus I got a chance to try mofungo.Just went over today with a group of 4. First, we were approached by the waitress after 40 minutes for the drinks to the point that we asked for our order to be taken since we were ready after waiting that amount of time. The location was not at its fullest capacity therefore, no need to have waited that long to be approached by the waitress. Waited approximately another 40 minutes for the food. The food  is OK not bad. We ordered appetizers since we were there to have some drinks but wanted some appetizers and after 4 drinks and appetizers the bill came to $95. Wow pretty steep for a drink and appetizers.  Waitress did not approach as normal to ask if we needed anything. Unbelievable! We would have spent more but we were never approached.  Another thing I understand that they may have some people that perhaps may not leave the minimum gratuity  and they automatically add the gratuity but I wish they would communicate they add it to the bill to prevent from double tipping especially since the service was so horrible. Overall it was an OK experience but not worth going over again. I have known of people that has visited and feel they have been ripped off by their ways.Mmm... Tierra Colombiana! So fresh, so good, so fun to say its name. The entrees are good for the price, although the meat tastes kind of cheap... maybe I should go for things that are more stewed/long-time-cooked than not. The black beans, salsa and sweet plantains are amazing. Mixed together with rice and lemons - I would rather just get THAT for an entree.Very nice place! Authentic Spanish food with a few American dishes like buffalo wings on the menu. Drinks are very good as well - great size. I would definitely go back.I was on my way to get my hair cut early today, I was hungry then it popped up in my head ' Tierra Colombiana' yes, they serve breakfast..I oedered Gallo Pinto which consist of eggs, rice and beans, plaintains, and flat steak. It was a true he-man breakfast.If I can give them no stars, I'd be glad too!!! Service is HORRIBLE! It's so sad to see a place with amazing food for their staff to be as lazy and ignorant as they are here. If you aren't anything but Hispanic here, there's no point. You won't be served until 45 to an hour in. I couldn't even get a class of water without having to ask 15 different waiters just walking around. Honestly anyone could just get up and go without them even noticing. There are customers waiting for their food or for their service but they stand around the register in groups just talking and laughing at each other. You would call for a server and they just become oblivious to you. This is disappointing.Consistently delicious.  HUGE menu, small prices.  Love it.Went here for lunch today and it was absolutely amazing. The menu was huge and full of options for everyone in our party. My meal was delicious and the guacamole and plantain chips were on point. Would highly recommend and will absolutely be back!Despite the neighborhood the restaurant was pretty decent. When you walk in you feel like you're not in the hood and you walk into a different environment. It's filled with unique Hispanic individuals from the Philly area who join together and have fun. The music is popping and on weekends is where the fun is at. The food is great. I got the fried chicken with yellow rice, pinto beans and avocado. The only downside to it was the server. He was trying too hard to be nice (if that makes sense) and only checked up on me and my boyfriend once after we got our food and that was when we were finished eating. The fried chicken made me extra thirsty and my server wasn't anywhere to be seen. Overall, it was a unique experience.This place is such a mixture that it's hard to review.  But every chance I have, when I'm in the Philadelphia area, I try to stop by. Cuban, Colmbian; restaurant, bar, nightclub. It can be hit or miss, but when it hits, it really hits!
For example, on this last trip the simple things weren't quite right.  The empanadas de pollo were far spicier than they've every been.  So spicy that you couldn't really taste the sazon.  The maduros were mushy and not very sweet.  But the pulpo salad?? Amazing!  More octopus than all other salad toppings combined!  The churrasco Argentino was cooked to a perfectly juicy and flavorful medium.  The chimi was nice and bright.
The portions are always huge and the staff are warm and helpful.  There's always plenty of parking at the Rite Aid across the streetKinda far but this place is great. Great music both Latin and hip hop, we danced til the lights came on. Huge venue, bar service was quick, supposedly they close later than other clubs but I believe they closed around 2 or maybe 3? Who knows I was far to "happy" to notice the time.I wish I could give this place a higher rating. I've been here a bunch of times over the years. I like the idea of going out to eat in that kind of neighborhood. It's very different from my section of Philadelphia, and I like the diversity.
What keeps me coming back are the empanadas. They have a variety of great empanadas and the house made salsa on the side is the best ever. Now a days when I go there, I really just only order a bunch of empanadas and other assorted appetizers and a few beers and tequila shots. If you just stick with that you get a great meal and a few things to bring home.
Now for the negatives. Their paella is huge and it's a disaster. The seafood is all over-cooked and the rice is bland. There is absolutely none of that crusty goodness that is supposed to be at the bottom of the pan that you cook it in. The quality of the meat in their other entrees is also lacking. Cheap grisly cuts that are way overpriced.
The service is friendly, but really slow. It takes forever to get a drink in this place, so knowing that, I now order 2 rounds of beer and shots right off the bat. Otherwise experience has taught me, I'm going to wait 20 minutes for that next round. 
The other thing that really bothers me is that they automatically add a 15% tip to your bill even if you are one person. As a rule, I usually tip 20% and I take this as an insult. It probably shouldn't bother me so much, but after coming there for years, I don't add anything to their 15%.We love this place. normally go on a saturday night between 5:30 and 7 and it is ALWAYS crowed! We have had several item from the menu. If you get a typical plate that comes with eggs and you are not a fan of sunny side up eggs let your waiter know that you want your eggs well done. The table bread they serve is so buttery and good. They have good drinks and great soups. They also have a kid friendly menu. They do have a "cuban" sandwhich which they should leave to the cubans though!Food is still awesome! BUT- if you're someone who used to come here 5-10 years ago...the service has taken a nose dive for the worse.  All the servers horse around in the back until the manager shows up.  Visited on Friday 7/27 and our waitress Kate didn't even check on us!  We had to get a second drink from the bar ourselves and she forgot part of our order and we had to flag her over to remind her.  So food is 5 stars but service is 1 star.  It's sad because this used to be our go to neighborhood spot and now the servers do the bare minimum...with tips already included in your bill so your stuck with no recourse for poor servise!!! So sad how they've gone down!After much salivating I got my butt to this place to finally try their meal. First it's in a shady area but if you are just going to eat and peace out, then the area doesn't really affect anything.
Cool thing is that you can park in the rite aid lot across the street, that's a sense of safety that your vehicle is okay at least while you eat. They have guards in the lot who are there more or less to make sure stray people don't park there...they'll tow you with the quickness I'm sure.
I did make reservations 3days prior BUT for some reason when I got there, there was some miscommunication AS IF I never made reservations. It turned out okay because my party as accommodated nonetheless rather quickly. But I can't help but wonder what happened to my reservation despite the fact that I call even the morning off to confirm?
The place is def best for groups, it just has that atmosphere. The food is relatively inexpensive for the portion you get and everything was delicious. For a party we really just ordered 1 of the appetizer platters because the party trickled in but if everyone is there..I would recommend 1-2 of the appetizer platters because it has a lot included.
Drinks, I had the Caprihina. Just one cause I had another place to be and I needed to be sober to get there safely. My friend had one of their fresh juices.
I had the broiled snapper which was very good. Rarely do I eat fish that's cooked/grilled/broiled that has much flavor it of itself. Usually they pour some sauce on it to give it flavor. But the snapper here was just flavorful. My meal came with plantain and this huge ass side salad that looked like a meal itself. 
Just for future reference, if u are not going to eat the salad, ask them NOT to bring it because it was just wasted and now thinking bad, I felt bad. Don't waste food.
The only downside was that the waiter was a bit slow for the party. He had other customers but sometimes it took him too long to come back. We needed water refills and that took a while. Overall tho, they were gracious.
I would recommend this place to others. I def wanna go back to try their brunch menu, dessert menu & other things.
oh they have a club upstairs that starts pumping music around 9pmWent here today to have dinner with my family. It's very sad how horrible this place is now. It took 45 mins. for our drinks to come which were non- alcoholic so I really didn't understand that. Our food took another 40 mins to come  which was cold to the touch by the time it reached us. Our waitress was rude and didn't write our orders down as our orders were being placed and brought out the wrong food for one of the members in our party. I also didn't understand  how they added an automatic 30 dollar tip in with our bill when our waitress was horrible. Years ago this place was amazing, however now I can clearly see that this place is making so much money that they don't appear to care about customers anymore. Shame on you, because people work hard for their money and want to receive a great memorable dining experience. I won't be returning.Fantastic! One of my favorite dinner places. The Colombian tamale is an unknown gem. This ridiculously good food is a cornmeal outer part with meat and veggies inside. It's so delicious, you'll wonder why you hadn't had it sooner. Insider tip: eat it over a bed of white rice, just ask for a side of rice. The fruit smoothies are to die for and you can't go wrong with any dish from here. I mean that. I've been here more times than I can count and it's quality never slips. So so so goodA staple for excellent Spanish food, period. You won't be disappointed with anything on the menu. The flavor and freshness of all your favorite traditional meals can be found here. Literally, something for everyone, including the rookies. Great portions accompanied by great prices make it more than worth it. Their desserts are also delicious so leave room if you can. 
The popularity of the restaurant is a double edged sword of sorts. Obviously, it's a good sign because the food is excellent. But it also means that the restaurant is usually pretty full and a bit noisy. However, it typically doesn't take long at all for the friendly staff to find you a table. Come here for a vibrant atmosphere full of delicious bites and good conversation. 
Always difficult to find street parking, so just head right across the street to the Rite Aid, which accommodates the restaurant clientele, no worries.Solid margaritas, if you ask them to, they will make the margaritas from scratch, which is always a plus. And the food was delicious! We sat at the bar and enjoyed happy hour and dinner, we'll be back!this was good, the steak was the bomb, I had the bandija tipica, it was really filling, watch out for the hot sauce, I almost choked it was so hotGreat food this place is the real deal staff wise so so could be friendlierThis place is so good my mouth is watering just thinking about it!! I ate the lemon-butter chicken w/yellow rice, salad, red beans, & green plantains. They have this garlic sauce to dip the plantains in & it was so good I wanted to drink it! I had 2 mojitos at dinner that were nicely made (strength & decoration).The portions are big so I brought home 1/2 my dinner & ordered the better than anything cake for dessert, it was good but not great. The coffee with leche was a++, I wish I could order that every morning!We were a table of 12 on a Sunday evening. we 3 arrived after everyone else had eaten their appetizers. the waitress came after 10 mins and gave us a menu. She ignored the dirty dishes in front of us, took our drink orders but I had to find her so that we could give her our food orders.
The food arrived, fried chicken, 3 rice & a mango salad. The salad was  plate of spinach and a nasty dressing. We told the waitress the salad tasted bad and she never offered to bring something else, so we asked her to remove it from the bill. She then replied "I will have to ask the mgr" (a $8.50 salad, come on, really?) also we never did get the 3rd order of rice) she never came back to check that everything was ok or if we needed anything else) she was so slow, non apologetic and so NOT HELPFUL. It was noisy and we couldn't wait to get out. Terrible  experience !Been here at least 3 times now and loved it as always. I consider this a neighborhood gem as this place is always packed especially for dinner! This is in my favorite list!I love this restaurant. The drinks are amazing. Ordered Toyka Tea .YES. It was great. Teriyaki wings.Parking a little scary but they have a security guard that watching cars. The menu is kinda too large can be overwhelming. Servers are helpful. Quesadillas don't water they are not good.Every time I come here I swear to myself I'll never come back. But I keep giving it more chances to prove me wrong. If you don't speak spanish, expect to be discriminated against, and separated from the crowd. The food is so disappointing and flavorless. The waitresses are nice, but that becomes overlooked because the food takes forever to come out. When leaving the restaurant the hostess didn't even acknowledge us or thank us for coming. Don't waste your time or money.This used to be my spot! If I had written this review a few years ago o would have given it 5 stars. I used to go here all the time with my grandmother for dinner and drinks. Yes, I have a hip grandmother! We always order the exact same thing so when things started changing we noticed. I'm not sure if they changed chefs but the food has definitely changed. I used to enjoy my yellow rice with black beans and grilled salmon. The last time I went everything tasted "funny" I couldn't quite put my finger on it but something was definitely off. They even start charging extra for the sauce that goes on the salmon. Say what, yes sauce that is served on the salmon they now charge you for it! The prices went up and the food and service went down. The drinks are always good and strong.So, the food is great and cheap.  The drinks are fabulous.  The club seemed awesome (didn't go in but popped my head in to look for next time).  The only problem was the staff.  We had to flag them down repeatedly to get drinks and even a single menu.  I was at the bar with ONE person who very clearly was not American (he's Indian).  I know what stereotypes can be among the restaurant industry, but it does not make it okay that the staff added gratuity to the bill for two people with two drinks each and an entree per person.  He was offended and for the record, normally tips more than 20%. Otherwise, this would have been a much higher rating.How can I give this place more than 5 stars. Let's keep this simple.... drinks and food amazing! Great atmosphere! Make a reservation it was crowded when I went there in a Saturday night.If you get a chance get the Ariatas (hope i'm spelling that right)!  They are shredded deep fried tostones and they give you some kind of garlicky lime sauce to dip them in that is awesome! They should bottle & sell that stuff!  I haven't really had anything here that wasn't pretty good.  They also make great sweet plantains...some of the best I've had actually.  I've been here a couple of times and the food has always been good.  It takes a while to actually get waited on though.  Servers seem to run around hoping someone else is going to get the table so they don't have to add one more to their already busy list. That's a bit annoying, I almost walked out the other night because of it, because they weren't even busy...it was a snowy Monday night.  BUT, the food is good, and the server we did eventually get was awesome.  He was a sweetheart and very knowledgeable about all the food on the menu.  I love the atmosphere...it reminded me of some of the places I've dined in PR.  But don't be confused though....this place is not Puerto Rican food.  If you're looking for Puerto Rican rice and beans you won't get it here.  It's primarily Columbian, with some Cuban and Dominican dishes mixed in.  I love the ambiance though.  Nothing too fancy but just right.  This is definitely a neighborhood gem.The Cuban bread was delicious and filling. Although it is great, try not to eat too much or else you won't be able to eat your food! 
Churrasco Argentino was a side order, and it was great--I wish I ordered more. I got the Bandeja Tipica, and it was absolutely delightful. I was not able to finish it, so I took it home and it was just as good then. 
The atmosphere of the restaurant is great and definitely a place to go for good food and conversation.
Only reason I did not give it 5 stars was because the restaurant is out of the way.I found this place on my way to New Jersey and it is the best find ever! It is two hours away from my home and I am willing to drive there when I want a amazing Colombian dish. The staff is friendly and overall the drinks and food are taste bud satisfactory! Highly recommend it!OK So I've been to Tierra Colombiana before but never to eat the food. I recently went in with my family to celebrate our brothers birthday. The dining area is a little tight but it's manageable for the most part. The food is delicious! We had some cheese empanadas and aranias (Grated fried plantain that resemble "spiders") The empanadas were really good so good in fact that we ordered more to supplement what we initially ordered. We all got something different for our entree and all in all the food was good you can't go wrong with the basic Hispanic food staples. 
Now service on the other hand was hit or miss. I understand that they can be busy but they weren't when we got there. There were two other large parties there in different stages of their dinners. The waiter kind of came and went when he felt like it and we found ourselves without things for periods of time. Now on top of that I will warn you that they charge gratuity no matter how big your party, no matter how much you order, no matter how good or bad the service is. 
Good thing though is that after you stuff your face with food you can head upstairs and dance it off just make sure you do your research on what specific things are happening that night because you'll end up how my family did watching some random girl doing a dance of possession on the dance floor by herself. 
Tierra Colombiana isn't on the bottom of my list but it certainly isn't on the top. The food is good the service is OK and the atmosphere is alright. If you're hungering for some flavorful food to pick up on your way home for movie night this is your place but if you have a large amount of time to kill and have patience this could be your place. 
I plan on going back and giving it another shot there are many reasons for one bad night but if history repeats itself I will then stick to take out.The service can be hit or miss depending on how busy they are but the food I always good.I was visiting a friend and craving colombian food so bad, so they took me to this place.  I have to say I was completely disappointed.  Do NOT order their chorizo it is absolutely mushy and not the right consistency.  The food overall was mediocre.  It's saving grace is their drinksWhat can I say? I have eaten at many Latin places (including places in Latin countries) and this place has the BEST FOOD EVER! 
I go there at least twice a month because the food is great the drinks are great and everything is priced reasonably. 
Don't let the fact that its in North Philly stop you. No, you wont get shot and you can park in the Rite Aid parking lot across the street if you are paranoid about your car being stolen. haha. on to the food... 
Everything comes with a side of rice, pork-free beans, and either sweet or crispy plantains. The crispy plantains come with a garlic sauce that i could drink-its soo good, and the sweet ones taste like a fried banana. The bistec de pollo (chicken breast with peppers and onions) is delicious and the shrimp salad is good as well. 
Other things I recommend are the shrimp empanadas (shrimp patties), bistec encebollado (top round with onions) and the ensalada de pulpo (octopus salad/ceviche). 
Keep in mind this place owns the Philadelphia restaurant MIXTO but is half the price of it. The only downside is the service is slow so be patient-the food is worth every penny.Tierra Colombiana is amazing. The staff is pleasant, the prices are fair, portions are huge, and authenticity is maintained. Tierra Colombiana is the most visible example of the large number of authentic ethnic cuisine in the area. 
The fresh salsa they serve is hands down the best salsa I honestly have ever had. 
Empanadas are on point, the black bean soup is so simple and satisfying, and just about everything I have tried has been cooked well. The kabob sampler they have is a steal, tons of beef, chicken, shrimp, and carnitas for $10.
Tierra Colombiana is a must try!Delicioso. Like, that really is all you need to know.
I've ordered takeout from here that was the kind of takeout that inspires you to show up at the place because you just have to eat in there. Service is outstanding--you're greeted, seated and served nibbles almost immediately by polite and gracious staff. Bump the tortilla chips. I forgot what their li'l bread/Texas-toast-like morsels were called but they were a welcome changeup. Hot, buttery and mahvelous. 
Oh, and that salsa is the TRUTH. It is also hot. I warned you. You're welcome.
The menu is extensive--deliciously overwhelming if you come hungry ... which you should because the portions are generous and did I mention delicious? More on that in a bit!
The atmosphere is vibrant--colorful, a bit more rustic than the kitschy, common Mexican themed places so many of us are beyond used to these days. It's quite a large restaurant with even more banquet/dining space upstairs, which I presume they reserve for parties and the like. From the outside, you can't miss it. I've never been to Colombia or any other South or Latin American country, but I have been in and around North Philly. This place pops out and says "Hola!" to your eyes as you ride down N. 5th in the midst of all the other typical storefronts and corner stores.
Y'all. Get all the sangrias. Scrumptious. Yes, I tried them all--the blanco, the riojo and the durazno (laden with plump peaches). A pitcher of one of them is a must. They also make a mean apple martini. And yes, I appreciate my beverages.
I got the Happy Hour empanada special and the buffalo wings. The empanadas were crisp and delectable. The special consists of the cheese, chicken, shrimp and ground beef with potato empanadas. For my main course I ordered the Churrasco Argentino and it was grilled to perfection. I hardly needed my knife! I complimented this slab of deliciousness with yellow rice, red beans and incredibly fresh avocado. There was enough for me to take home for lunch the following day and I enjoyed it just as much as I had the night before.
Our server, Anthony, was absolutely darlin' to our party of 4. They happily accommodated our request for a larger table and gave the type of service that ensured we were never thirsty or hungry. 
This is the sort of place that's just enough out of some folks' way that I can safely put it in my regular go-to spot and count on a bellyfull good time errytime.Damn!  One word to describe this place.  Damn good, damn cheap and Damn! Where are we?
Location is not the best but this place is a gem.  I cruised by for dinner one night with la familia. Getting there wasn't bad from center city.  Took Roosevelt boulevard there, and it was basically 'sorta' right off the highway.  The neighborhood looks a little rough, especially at night. But lemme tell you, there were people in there that looked like they were straight off Wisteria Lane.  So don't let a little hood scare ya.  Hood is a relative term anyway!
The place is huge, you can't miss it at night since it has a border of neon lighting on top of the roof.  Getting inside you notice tons of tables, two sides to the place.  Great for large groups.  We got seated quickly, which was tops.  
From then on, service was sorta slow.  But I gave them some slack, since the place was hopping.  
The menu was extensive to say the least.  There is a section for Cuban and Colombian food.  Good description of the dishes.  We ordered to start: crab empanada (deepfried dough filled with crab meat), Plantain stuffed with mozzarella cheese and Mofongo with shrimp (crushed fried green plantains with garlic).  These were excellent.  The mofongo was one of the best I've had before.  The appetizers are large, so share and pace yourself.
Our meal: Masa de cerdo (cubes of pork with cassava, Cuban tamale, plantains and black rice).   The pork was very tender, delicious, but on the saltier side.  The overall dish was excellent but the rice was the best part.  I think I finished the rice before the rest.  It's sorta like the Jamaican rice and peas my mom makes. 
The rest of the meals were, a whole fish fried and garnished with veggies and avocado.  Also garlic shrimp with plantains  and rice.  
The food was so good, and so much, it was insane.  A few times in the meal I said I was full, but ended up finishing it since it was that good.
To top it off, I had a Cafe con leche and flan.  I am a big lover and critic of flan, and this was a little lacking.  But hey, I was already full and so it wasn't anything. 
There is a dance club, upstairs and so things can get a bit loud on certain nights.  On the bright side, you can eat and then go dance it off.
The whole vibe of the place is a social, loud, gastronomic delight.  Many returns are in store for the future!Our service at the bar was horrible and so was the food ! We had 3 waiters refuse to service us as they claimed to not speak English . One server commenced to taking an order from a white couple . We finally received service after they had serviced 3 patrons that came after us . 
 We ordered appetizers and drinks and the drinks were good. The food not so much! I would try this place once more but not at the bar .This place has a fantastic representation of latin cuisine, makes you feel like your at home in moms kitchen (if your latino that is)...I really liked this place the first few times i went, it continues to live up to it's name.  
Great for lunch, dinner, or whatever, dancing, drinking, you name it they got it...Steak, fried egg, heaping pile of yellow rice, black beans, pork, avocado = $13.  That's ridiculous.  Where else can you get authentic Latin food for that cheap?  And in portions like that?
The place is surprisingly roomy, the decor makes you feel like you're dining in a four-star restaurant, and the meals are affordable.  Their mango milkshake balances out the heat from the mystery salsa they serve you at the beginning of the meal and the free bread is gooey and delicious.
If I was more knowledgeable about Colombian/Cuban cuisine and was able to read the menu properly, I'm sure I'd have an even better dining experience.  Usually out of pressure that I'm taking too long combined with my hunger, I end up settling on a dish that guarantees steak, rice, and beans or the heaping portion of jumbo shrimp paella. But thus far, I haven't been disappointed by the entrees.
As for the appetizers, this is where I drop a star in my rating.  Unsure about what to get, I settled on the sampler platter.  It was fun because I was able to try things I've never had before, but each item varied so much in regards to consistency and taste, that the whole thing became overwhelming.  The platter included some kind of sausage, roasted potatoes, some kind of bready/potatoey disc that resembled a hockey puck and felt like plastic on my teeth, and the craziest one of all, these weird hunks of pork and bone marrow.  Some parts of the pork were rock hard and felt like they would break your teeth.  Others were so fatty that you would chew on them for minutes before realizing you couldn't swallow it.  And luckily, when you got to the center, you'd maybe get a sliver of actual, edible meat.  Perhaps because I'm not accustomed to the cuisine, I wasn't sure what to expect.  I like to chew and swallow my food.
I haven't experienced the nightclub aspect of it, but I've heard good things.  Overall, the menu is vast and affordable, the entrees are delicious, and they serve Aguardiente which is great if you want a nice buzz during your meal.Love this place - always a treat to go. Portions are big. Watch out as they do add gratuity.I went solo to Colombiana for lunch, and I felt welcomed and very comfortable there. 
I ordered the french toast with cream cheese in the middle and a few fruits on the side. It was basically American, I didn't really want American , but their other dishes were a bit heavier with meats. So it worked out in the end. It was nice and filling, but....I wanted something that had Latin flavor. 
I also ordered a hot chocolate, it wasn't mixed all the way, so, eh, attention missed there. I also got another drink that was alcohol infused, but I can't remember what it was. Maybe something with mango in it. 
I ended up spending some dough on myself that afternoon. Almost 20 bucks, including tip. But, oh well, I found a place that I'll go to again. Parking was easy, but since the area has small blocks, I can see where you might want to go a little early before the upstairs opens for dancing for the night.I'm from DC and I would drive up to Philly maybe once every couple months just to hang out. I visit this place EVERY SINGLE TIME. I have never had a negative experience at TC and my mouth starts watering as soon as I think back to my last meal there. 
Originally I stumbled upon this place when I used to live in the city. Close to home was Mixto, which is a sister restaurant to TC. I saw on their business card at Mixto that there's another location and decided to check it out. Initially, I was quite intimidated by the neighborhood this restaurant was set in. But as soon as I walked into the restaurant, all was forgotten. My favorite dish is the Churrasco just because I love steak in general. I would also recommend the appetizer sampler for first timers. It's a HUGE dish BTW so make sure  you can share with a couple people. The drinks were good as well, especially the mojitos. They also have all types of latin beers. 
Next door is the TC nightclub. The music is crazy good and it's one of those places where you can dance your butt off all night long and more. They played all kinds of latin music like salsa, merengue, and reggaeton. Definitely should stop by if you're a dancing machine like me! Plus you get to burn all the calories off from dinner next door :)Awesome! This is the off the beaten path restaurant every food lover in Philly should go to once. From the outside, you just think you are in another North Philly neighborhood. On the inside, you feel like you have been transported to somewhere in Latin America. Chicharron isn't the easiest thing to find in Philly. Neither is Mofongo. Both are perfect at Tierra Colombiana. Go hungry, bring many friends and order everything. I just wish their sister restaurant, Mixto, was half as good.Amazing food, amazing people, amazing drinks, & the club !? Gets crazy ! Latino night, hip hop night place to be.My girlfriend took me for dinner here last night,  had a great dinner,  very fresh and service was greatGreat food and good service with a nice atmosphere. I choose this restaurant whenever I'm in the mood for Spanish food which is often. I've been here about 3 times and I will definitely return.I thoroughly enjoy their portion sizes and food as a whole. But sometimes I feel as though your rushed and forgotten quickly. The food is great, services sometimes not so great. Very loud most of the time, so not very kid friendly. The cafe con leche is dope, I always get one to go. And the black bean soup is out of this world. Definitely a good spot to have a meal with friends to laugh and talk and not have deep conversations.I've been to this restaurant twice since moving to Philadelphia in 1996. Both times I went I was very disappointed with the food.
The "rice" is clearly Family Dollar store box rice... coincidentally located a few doors from this place.
Food over all is subpar to say the least.
If you're looking for authentic tasting spaniglsh food, I would suggest another restaurant.
Atmosphere is ok if you want to dance to salsa music. You'll have to pay extra (cover) charge after spending $$$.
I took my wife to dinner there the 2nd time, spent well over $300 and couldn't get in for dancing. SMH.
$300 for un-flavorful food? They could of at least made up by allowing us upstairs for a few hours.
*** The idea to any business is to have happy paying customers. ***
My review isn't curbed because we couldn't dance after spending  $$$.
If you want to waste your money on bland, boxed rice, inauthentic food.... be my guest.
I'll be at 2nd and Allegany. F&T all day.Tierra Columbiana, 
How do I love thee. Let me count the ways.
The cuban bread... for one. You must have read my mind and decided that you must not just spread butter on the bread before you baked it but that dunking that hunk of bread into a bowl of melted butter before you bake it seems like a much better solution because I swear when I bite into you its like biting into straight crispy butter... but with bread. YUM!
The food was like no other. They came out in huge portions so sharing would be easy but I wouldn't recommend it. Everythings just way too good to share, and it's ok to be a little greedy every now and than!
Can't wait to go back! Maybe next time I'll order myself a margarita or two....I go there about once a month and the food is soooo good! I love their white rice(the best I've ever had). It's a great date spot too.So gooooooooood! its sort of hidden in NE philly tho :)Great location for a big party but it is bit nosy. Food was amazing but the service was too slow. I highly recommend their seafood paella and skirt steak as well as their sangria. They never disappoint with their portion of the quality of food.HUUUUGE fan of the arroz con pollo (Colombian style)! One of my favorite comfort foods, and Tierra Colombiana does it very well. It's also a huge portion so I was able to eat it the next day for lunch.
The crab empanadas and cheese empanadas are very good also. At $2 each, the price is a little steep but the flavor is spot on. We tried their flan and it was SUPER sweet. 
Overall, a good place to go if you're craving comfort food with a little twist.
Tip: you can park at the Rite Aid across the street.Great food and great prices
Does get noisy on a friday and in the summer it is hot inside
The neighborhood  is probably not the best,
Mixto, has a better ambiance down town.Great authentic Spanish food! Will be back. I got the chicken empanadas and they were delicious.Very good restaurant, Really delicious, I really like the Ropa Viaja, so good~probably one of the best South American restaurant in Phillythe paella was expensive and too much rice than fish, the owner needs to hire more stuff, very slow service, the waiter was great but slow, short of stuff we had to call or wave at the waiter all the time to get refills or food, forget the desert not good,  coffee cold, and the best part they add 15% tips to the amount, that probably goes to the owner like other places.I like it here for the most part. I love their chicken noodle soup... I know, not the first thing you were expecting. 
Their portion sizes are HUGE. Choices of red or black beans, white or yellow rice. They have different latin styles of cooking very similar dishes. You can get a Colombian and Puerto Rican version of the same food. The pastellios are ok, but the salsa they serve with them is AMAZING. The empanadas are great!!! 
I hear the breakfast here is really good but i haven't been able to try it yet. I always go for lunch. I have also heard good things about the Cuban sandwich. 
The other day when I was there I had a margarita that was served in a freaking bucket...not really... but the glass was huge and the after effects were indicative of the LARGE amount of alcohol supplied in the drink.... yum!
Go here, try it out... but during the day. The nightclub crowd here is not my scene. I am so not a fan of places with metal detectors.Since I've been in Philly I haven't been able to find authentic Hispanic cuisine, so as soon as I saw Colombian I was like YES! They do offer typical Colombian dishes how ever they are mixing too many cultures in one menu(Colombian,Cuban,Dominican). It's definitely overwhelming but very friendly staff.
The "Colombian" empanadas de Carne(beef) were not great very artificial tasting
For my entree I ordered Bistec de Pollo (fried chicken paddy) with white rice and beans, accompanied with tostones  very delicious Again It was prepped like a traditional Colombian  dish it was more Cuban . Lastly it's a very diverse menu with options .I finally made it over here and this spot is definitely a diamond in the rough. The doorway was jam packed, I thought we were gonna have to wait a while but it was really just the bar. There was actually plenty of open seating despite there being so many people in there. I liked the community vibe. Aside from the bar there's the main dining area and what looks like a "chamber" added on. The additon was pretty nice... definitely an oasis for this area. The bathroom also looked the part. Our server was pleasant, but I've been slippin con mi espanol. Luckily, my guest was able to handle the convo. I like to flex a little language skill now and then. For whatever reason, I zoned out this time. 
I wanted to compare this spot to Mixto. I've been gettin the same thing over there everytime (Bandeja Tipica x4) and I finally got tired of it last time so I was gonna try something different. I was really tempted to get it again... or Bandeja Paisa? Instead I went with pernil, mofongo de cerdo, and a couple of caipirinhas. The pernil was RIGHT! I've read that people said it was dry at both restaurants... well I'm glad it didn't happen to me. Unfortunately, my mofongo was kinda dry and that was something I was really looking forward to, but the chicharrones that came with it were the best cuts I've ever had. For the first time in a long time, I actually got food to go. I just couldn't hang given the portions. I jammed on that platter twice the next day.
And I was surprised they hit us with an 18% gratuity. Eh, whatever. As far as which place is better, it's a matter of preference. You can probably find some salsa dancers at TC, but at Mixto you can find some Riverdancers. jeje
I'm curious about the mamas in the club tho...I have been going to Tierra for probably around 10 years and I have never seen the bad service that I saw yesterday! To get seated was an ordeal... We waited close to 20 min for the waitress to take our order, when she did it took and additional 20 min to get drinks and an appetizer! We moved to the bar since thats were initially we wanted to seat, but it was full. We waited at the bar with our empty glasses a good 20-25 min and no one could take care of us, nor did they asked if we wanted another drink! My boyfriend got so upset due to the poor service that decided to leave we had to beg to get our check! It was a nightmare... Again this is a one time experience after about 10 years, but I decided to post the review, that way management know whats going on and try to fix these issues! I have to say the times that I've been there I have had the following people serving me and they have been amazing ****** Sebastian, Jael (?), Leyser, Felipe... To mention a few... I really hope the owners read this review and try to hire more people with their qualities!Tierra never disappoints. I've been coming here for years although this is my first review.  Last night we ordered the paella and it was nothing short of amazing.  The dish is so large that 4 people can easily share, although they say it's for 2 people.  It was flavorful, delicately seasoned along with the different types of meat & seafood. Mussels, clams, steak, shrimp, chicken, chorizo, lobster. It's such a hearty dish. I had not made the trip to Tierra in ages and last night was definitely worth the trip.  The hostess was exceptionally nice and the waiter was attentive and friendly as well. I really love this place and it was great to have dinner in the city with a friend.On the low, this is that spot when you want a good ratio of cost to amount of food.  Colombian and Cuban food here. I like it better than some of the Cuban spots in Center City because the only concern when it comes to plating is fitting everything on it.  Don't miss their various tropical fruit nectars and juices.  Morirsonando is my personal favorite.  Good churrasco steaks. Those that eat pork, get the arroz con chorizo. yummy. tostones with their special garlic sauce? fantastico. One of my top 5 fav places to eat in the city! It's in the hood, but don't be scurred.  Park in the Rite Aid lot across the street (they have an agreement)My wife and I had one of the best meals in a long time here last night. The place was great. Nice atmosphere, friendly and attentive staff and marvelous food. We had maduro frito con queso, paella marinera and limonada, peach Sangria, bread pudding and cappuccino. Outstanding from start to finish! We will be back.Came here on a visit to Philly and I was pleasantly surprise, the place its huge and very authentic. The food was pretty good and everyone I came with was happy with their food selections.The food here is great.  Park across the street at the Rite Aid.  The place has the feel of being outside inside the restaurant.  As a table item you get a sort of cuban bread panini pressed with a brush of olive oil a nice start to the meal.
  Maybe I was being biased to another colombian place that serves da bomb empanadas, but these were alright.  They tasted like they sat under a heat lamp, not crispy at all.  So I wouldn't recommend the empanadas unless maybe they were hot and fresh off the burner.  
  I ordered the 
Arroz con Pollo Cubano......
Saffron rice with chicken, cuban sausage and green olives
$12.50
(Very tasty and good enough to share with another, although I ate the whole bowl myself.  It came with beans and plantains. Do I have any regrets?  Not a one!)
  In summary this place is for just about anybody.  With tasty food and large portions, you'd have a hard time not being satisfied with your meal.
Decor:5
Food:4
Service:4
Would I go back?  You bet your pastrami I would!Food was good so far. I won't say perfect, it was ok. Beef i got was chewy and also I found a small black hair in rice so of course didn't eat it. That just could happen in any restaurant but it made me feel bad about place. Appetizer like a potato ball with ground beef inside and one which goes right after that in menu were delicious!
Area over there is scary. I was worrying about car I left on the street all time I was there.
But still it seems to be very popular place!service is awesome.
arroz con pollo de cubano is beautiful. never fails.This place is 5 star worthy but what is keeping the establishment from it is not something they control. Tierra Columbiana is located in one of the worst neighborhoods in philly. The place is well put together it's actually beautiful and they have done an amazing job. The food is delicious but a bit pricey especially for the location. I must admit I have never had a bad dish. The place is very popular and it always seems to be jam packed. It is also VERY LOUD!! SUPER LOUD!!! The worst part is that a good amount of their customers are ghetto, obnoxious, LOUD, and ignorant!!! There is always a table full of them. Good thing is that the manager is willing to move you to another table because  sometime they just cannot control the the behavior of other adults. So beware!! There's always take out!Food is amazing and the bartender Karla is very friendly and sweet ! Love going there to see her and enjoy the delicious food.This was my first visit to Tierra Colombiana in probably 10 years. There were so many great things I remembered about this restaurant, and I wanted to bring my husband to experience it. I was thrilled that the place hadn't changed one bit.
We were greeted warmly at the door (in Spanish- thank you high school!) upon entering and were promptly seated. Right away, we were brought water and some delicious, warm toasted bread to get us started. We had plenty of time to look over the drink menus before our server came over, which I always appreciate. I hate when they come over as soon as you're seated, as if you magically know their wine list/drink menu by heart. But I digress. So we ordered some margaritas (when in Rome, right?) and they were HUGE! The flavor was very authentic and they definitely did not skimp on the tequila. 
We ordered a few empanadas to share as an appetizer: beef, shrimp and crab. Each had it's own unique flavor and was really great. I especially liked the beef empanada. It had a great cumin scent and the shell to filling ratio was spot-on.
I'd read many reviews suggesting the seafood paella for two, so that was what we tried. I loved how much seafood you really got, especially for only $34. 2 small lobster tails, 2 legs, 2 claws, and a slew of mussels, clams, squid and shrimp. It was a little salty for my husband's taste, and I found it to be slightly salty too- not enough to make it inedible. I actually found it to be quite delicious. I would guess that it isn't like this all the time, because I'm sure it's hard to judge how salty the seafood itself will be, as this varies (especially with clams). The portion was huge too. We were both stuffed and still had plenty to take home. 
For dessert, we ordered 2 slices of tres leches cake to take home. It was very good, but slightly too sweet for me. I'm not sure if it was because of the icing or the overuse of condensed milk, but it was still pretty darn good as tres leches in Philadelphia goes.
The service here is incredible. Servers make sure you have drinks and hot food, while bussers run all over the place refilling your water glasses, pre-bussing, and generally making sure you're having a great time. This place isn't in one of the best neighborhoods, but after 5 minutes inside the restaurant you completely forget about what's outside. It's definitely worth the trip. One more thing- the safest parking is in the Rite Aid parking lot across the street.Come here all the time. I'm Puerto Rican and this is one of the places that you can come to still get authentic Spanish food.Passion fruit Margarita wasn't that good flavor wise but it was strong. The garlic shrimp and mofongo was my FAVE. And the fried chicken and yellow rice and red beans were OK. I loved the environment and I went to the nightclub after. The music was great. I want to go back for lunchtime.You might be shocked at how scary this neighborhood is, but you have an oasis in the Rite-Aid. You are allowed to park there to eat at Tierra Colombiana and it's well-lit and safe. Just try not to appear too frightened as you cross from the parking lot into the restaurant.
The place is huge, in the evenings it is a night club and you can hear the thumping music through the walls. It is always latin music however, so it fits. If you don't want that eat an earlier dinner.
The Mojitos are AMAZING and the Cuban black beans are probably one of the most delicious foods I have ever had in my life. The chef has a secret recipe from Cuba that he supervises for those beans, and my God does it show.
Skip the overly-fancy Alma de Cuba in downtown Philly and go here instead for real Cuban and Colombian food. The only negative mark I give the place is their Colombian Empanadas were not that great, everything else was amazing.
Don't forget the real Colombian coffee before you go! They import the beans directly and grind them on the spot.Get the Calentado....just do it. No need to second guess.  Start the day off right with some Colombian home food.
Skirt steak, 2 eggs, rice and beans, arepa, and a tad of hot sauce, how can you go wrong?  Clean out the couch because all you need is 32 quarters plus a great tip.
Get out of center city or the suburbs, this is one of the hidden gems of the city.I've been coming here for about 10 years, since I first went with my high school Spanish club.  The food is rustic and artery-clogging, the drinks--well, actually, not just the drinks, everything--are large.  I typically get the bandeja tipica or the masas de cerdo, although everything, with two exceptions, I've tried has been good.  I ordered the paella once, and it was decent, but it lacked the crispy socorrat I love.  I also went for breakfast once, and it wasn't bad, but it wasn't worth the trip since there are similar options that aren't as far from me.  The restaurant is loud and I've suffered through crying babies more than once, but I go here for the cheap, huge portions of delicious food, and not ambiance.this is one of my favorite places in philly.  i've been here several times and the food is consistently delicious.  it's very reasonably priced, considering the huge portions.  everything i've ordered there is perfect and they make the best mojitos i've ever had.  my mouth is watering as i type.  
service is efficient and friendly, and it helps if you speak spanish.  i love this restaurant!!!Have been a fan for years.  So much to love here from the arepas to the carna asada.  If you are in the mood for good, really good Latin food you can not go wrong with Tierra Colombiana.  It is even worth the parking dilemma one encounters with on street options.  Well worth the trip.love love love their camarones al ajillo (shrimp in garlic sauce) been a fan of this past for the past ten years deff a must tryI've been to this restaurant so many times and every time we enjoy a fine meal that's not ridiculously expensive - the neighborhood is a bit sketchy but its all part of the experience - its nice inside and the servers are attentive - and order a pitcher of sangria!THE BEST FOOD IN PHILLY!!!! The food isn't the only thing though, the whole atmosphere and staff are amazing!!! There is never a wait and they have bar seating. My husband always gets the skirt steak, he's obsessed. I love the lemon butter chicken! it's great for fate night or with the family. I've never been the night club they have upstairs but I heard it's a good time with great music.I've been here for dinner - very good. Came back later that night for some Latin dancing which was absolutely fun being the only one that doesn's speak Spanish there. Want to see how the locals have fun? You gotta stop by!So legit. The food & drink here is incredible, the atmosphere is so vibrant & fun & the staff really knows their stuff.This place is okay the food was good nothing to kill over. The peolper are nice and stuff the thing I dont like about this place is the dishes seem to be all the same and very small portions and very expensive.Wonderful service! Excellent food!! Will definitely be back. Henderson was a wonderful waiter!This place will do! Im from new york surrounded by spots like this that are way  better but this place comes close. This is my go to when im crav8ng that rice and beans or chiccharones. Their Argentinean steak was meh. Their real fruit juices are sooo good and filling in such big glasses. Atmosphere is popping even during the day on a week day so uuu ou can jist imagine what its like at night on a weekend, ive heard stories! Theres always big parties dinning in, everyone in the family wants to go here, tia tio abuela abuelo etc. I have to say everytime ive been there there never really was much a wait the most mb 10mins foe them to clean uo a table. Staff is good.I was hopeful about this place after a friend recommended it but it didn't live up to my expectations.  Here are the good, the bad, and the ugly:
Good:  
- awesome homemade salsa on the table with very good garlic bread 
- attentive waitstaff
- rice was excellent
Bad:
- paella was terrible.  The lobster meat was stuck to the shells due to it being overcooked for hours, shrimp was just past rubbery heading towards hard due to same overcooking and the clams and mussels faced the same horrible death.  Would stay away from this dish at all costs.  
Ugly:
- the neighborhood.  Unless equipped with a small arsenal, I wouldn't come back again.Great Spanish food, great service..best time to come is on Friday or Saturday and don't forget your dancing shoes..nightclub on the second floor. Good fishing for either gender..It was OK.  Had the bandeja paisa.  The area was dry.  The meat was a little over cooked.  The tostones and chicharrn were really good.  Not the best columbian I've had but not bad.  The waiter was a bit slow and forgetful.  I had to keep reminding him to bring me stuff.This place is exceptional !!!!!! I have no complaints on anything what so ever from the drinks, to the food to the service overall I was blown away. Being Hispanic I'm extremely picky with my food and how it's cooked as far as seasoning and taste. I had the Pernil with black beans white rice and tostones all of it extremely tastey I also had the shrimp enchilados which is like in a tomato base as an appetizer very good as well. You have to try there signature drinks there just right. The atmosphere of these place is amazing and uplifting they have there club in the top I didn't  have time to experience but the restaurant left me speechless. My friends had the steak and the other the shrimp with chicken all of it was simply amazing. The service was very attentive and rapid. I can say this place I would definitely go back to when ever I'm in philly it left me speechless.After hearing positive reviews from several people I knew about this place, I felt that this was a restaurant worth visiting. Seven friends and I made our way through all the snow and ice to Tierra Colombiana last night. The atmosphere was pleasant and cozy, but the service was slooooowwwwww. It took over 20 min to get our drinks and an eternity for appetizers, entrees, the bill, and our change. The waiter was very friendly but too slow for our liking. The food was tasty and plentiful for the price. I would go again just not on a Friday night if you want your food in a reasonable time.First time getting food from there. Waited an hour for food that I called in and ordered. When I got to restaurant it was somewhat empty. To make matters work, my food was cold and my steak had no sauce..... a container full of onions and dry steak. Totally disappointed. Will stick to Freddy and Tony's.TC was recommended to us by the staff at Taller Puertorriqueno for lunch after our field trip visit and I couldn't be more pleased with this recommendation. Prior to our arrival the management worked with the lead chaperone to help plan our visit since we would be bringing a group of 15 people for lunch. After several positive conversations it was decided to have lunch served family style to the group, with the students choosing the entres and food prior.  
Upon arrival at the restaurant our table was ready and as soon as we sat down the servers were very prompt with soda and coffee selections, followed by the prompt serving of the appetizers. The main course followed in a timely manner and ended with a delicious piece of tres leches cake.   The food was very flavorful/delicious! We were able to sample empanadas, Caesar salad, ropa vieja beef, lemon butter chicken, cuban black beans/rice, and plantains. The food was hot, delicious and plentiful.  The servers regularly offered to fill the plates if we wanted more to eat.  
I always fret about taking a large group out to eat because guaranteed something will occur that will cause disappointment.  Tierra Columbiana proved me wrong because the entire lunch went off without a single issue! This is a reflection on the professionalism of the management, servers, and kitchen staff! Nice Job!Great food all the time. My wife and i go there all the time I practically tried everything on there menu. They never let me down.This place has changed for the worse.  The food and the alcoholic beverages are no longer exceptional.  Menu items have changed - food is over cooked and seems to be overly seasoned.  
No longer offer their signature El Coqui - Cuban Rum Punch that was a staple especially among more mature audiences and would knock anyone's socks off.  In fact, the waitresses and bartenders behave as if they've never heard of the drink before.  The mango margarita now has a horrible taste and now served with an orange garnish instead of their signature slice of mango.  What happened to Santiago - one of if not the best bartenders in Philadelphia! 
All of my years patronizing this establishment,  I could never fathom that a time would come in which the authenticity of this restaurant would become  compromised.
Nevertheless, I don't believe that I will ever set foot in this place again!I usually enjoy this restaurant, and come every so often to get the regular picada dish to go. Today, I was sorely disappointed with it, however. I picked my meal up and when I got home I immediately noticed it was plated differently than usual. Carelessly. Everything was just thrown onto the to go dish. The sweet plantains were at the bottom, soaked in so much runny oil (mixed with water?) and so soggy that I couldn't pick them up without them falling apart. They looked regurgitated. There was a large bone of some sort in my cornmeal patty, strange. And there was an extremely long piece of black hair laced through the pieces of meat toward the bottom. When I noticed it, I started yanking at it, and it reminded me of pulling an endlessly long piece of fabric from the sleeves of a magicians tuxedo, except it was someone's disgusting hair in my food. Horrid. The beef was chewy and unseasoned, as well as the pork that was fried so hard I could barely eat it. It was like gnawing at a piece of tree bark. 
This was really terrible. Abhorrent. I spent 40 dollars all together on the meal, (the picada was 18 dollars, which is relatively expensive) and I tipped 10 dollars, well over the suggest 15% tip for take out, as a courtesy. With that being said, I'm salty because this establishment could care less about taking care of the food you're ordering from them. I do not recommend this place anymore, because it is possible you'll end up with food that seems to be leftovers from two days before that were retrieved from the garbage and left to sit out in the open air overnight. I will never take my chances and return here again. I'm scarred.For my anniversary decide to take the wife for a different ambiance. We drove 1 1/3 hours.. The restaurant is located in no so nice neighborhood but If you follow the directions to park at the pharmacy in front there should be not problems.. The restaurant looks nice from the outside and the inside is nice as well.. Good for couples.. If you go on Saturday expect the wait.. But once seated the service is pretty prompt. We got our order taken right away and drinks and appetizer came in not time.. The drinks are strong and big size..
I will come back if I m ever in the areaThis is the original restaurant that inspired Mixto down in center city. Even if it is out in North/Northeast Philly, it is worth the trip! So much better and more affordable than Mixto with food that is fresh and authentic (enforced by the many Colombians who visit the restaurant). 
Go for lunch when the service is quicker and the crowds are smaller (and it is light outside... bc the neighborhood is not the best). The Bandeja Tipica comes with a chicharones (deep fried fatty short ribs - 4 pieces) with an arepa (corn cake with cheese) and a huge platter with a steak topped with 2 eggs, rice, beans, plantains, and avocado. Top it off with the home-made salsa and you have a meal for two that costs $11.For the quick overview, food is good no complaints on portion or taste, service is mediocre and hit or miss, drinks were overly sweet, and location kind of terrible. Don't get me wrong I've eaten here many times at night by myself and with friends, however the one night I came with my girlfriend we were bothered from the moment we left the door to when we arrived at our vehicle. The day time and weekend nights are much better then the weekday nights, as there is much more activity going on outside. 
   Now to the food, after all that's why we make this trek to get here. We started with a few empanades with varying fillings. They were tasty and cooked well, however they were not outstanding  and have had way better in NY,and Miami. That said order them and use their homemade hot sauce. The sauce is thick and nicely flavored with a medium spice. 
    We then split a mango avocado salad with mixed greens, the ingredients were fresh and nicely prepared. Moving on to the main dishes. We ordered the ropa vieja, cooked well served with yellow or white rice, black or red beans, sweet plantains, tostones,  fries or avocado slices. I went with the yellow rice, red beans and sweet plantains. The lady got churrasco Argentino, overcooked in my opinion to medium well, but that is not the restaurants fault as they only did as she asked. It was served with the same sides, all prepared well. We skipped dessert as we were full, but I can recommend the flan, tries leches and cafe con leche from previous trips. Overall its a nice place to go with good food, and hit or miss service, but its got a monopoly in Philly for that type of food, unless you want a hipsters creation of it somewhere in South Philly or Center City.I usually love the food here but the last 3 visits have been horrible. Today my dish had absolutely no taste, our waiter never came back to check on us after our food was brought to our table and took forever to bring us the check.LAST AND FINAL TIME. I'll start by saying that YES the food is VERY good. This review ISN'T about the food it's the overall experience of dining out and looking for a great atmosphere. I have been to this restaurant at least 10 times but the last 5 times were the worse. Last night July 8th 2016 was my last and FINAL. Because their service has been EXTREMELY lacking as of late, the last two times including last night I purposely timed the bartenders and Waiters and it's out of control. Long story short? Last night 23 minutes waiting to order a drink for the  2 us? Only 8 people were at the bar. The others at the bar were also complaining. We walked out. The previous Time 1 hour and 5 minutes from the time we placed our order  until the time we received our food. Totally unacceptable for a non holiday / special service day. YES the food is VERY good. But being Spanish we can make these dishes at home. We're here for the service and atmosphere. Good luck 2u.Love this place! My entree of choice is their tuna (well), yellow rice, red beans with sides of sweet plantains and avocado.  Don't forget their house Piqu (aka hot sauce) and a fozen Pina colada to complete your meal!  Thank me laterI've been here quite a few times and every time it's been great. The margaritas and mojitos are delicious. The waiters can sometimes be a little slow because it's always crowded (hence 4 stars rather then 5). Overall a great place to check out for good food.The decor Is warm and friendly.
The food is very tasty and well, presented.
The Colombian dishes are genuine and has a
True Colombian flare. The Cuban dishes are
Also very good.  The service is pretty fast.
The price is adequate.  I love the Mojitos!
An excellent Cuban drink!  The presentation Is
Appealing.  The Margaritas are great!
The parking is safe and free!I always get Bandeja Typica which has sausage, egg over rice, beans, chucharron, ground pork, bistek, avocado, and platanos.  Toasted cuban buttery bread for your breath was awesome.  Cheap and filling!  I spent $15 for dinner.  WOWZERS!  I couldn't try for dessert.  No wonder latinas have BIG bootys cuz of the food like this.  I would like to try their nightclub one of these days when I have learned salsa.  Dancing with big booty latinas sound fun!I read that Tierra Colombiana makes the best paella in Philadelphia.  It is close and not terribly expensive, so it was worth a trip.  The experience was memorable.  It is located in a lower middle class to poor neighborhood, so the people with whom we dined were a very interesting mix of locals to people from New Jersey who came here as a destination restaurant, to families celebrating birthdays,  to my wife and I, a couple of gastronomic snobs from the suburbs.
The experience was mixed.  The decor is elaborate and eclectic, with brick walls, arches, wooden ceilings and pleasant, low lighting.   But it didn't all fit together comfortably.  The noise level is a little high.  There are TV's.  So there was an underlying sense that we weren't really at a high end place.  Which, to be fair given the prices, we weren't.  In that context, the quality of the food was remarkably good.  Shockingly and wonderfully good.  We started with an excellent bottle of wine from a short, but complete wine list (they also margaritas and sangria by the pitcher as well as a great selection of beer).  Other reviews have dinged the service.  We found it to be unobtrusive, but timely and courteous, if not refined.  No complaints, given the cost of the meal.
But the food!  Two different spinach salads, served on plates and presented like it was a mediocre chain restaurant, but tasting like it was a five star center city destination.  The paella was even better.  In fact, its presentation was also quite good.  There was no shortage of sea food nor was there any hint that they held back on the saffron.  Delicious.  It was the best paella I ever had.
This is definitely going to be on our short list of restaurants from now on.  There is a great deal to explore on this menu, from all areas of the Latin world.  I suspect you would need reservations for Friday and Saturday nights.  Sunday night, when we visited, there were tables to be had.  This place is definitely worth an evening.I went there for the first time and I was very impressed. The service was nice, the atmosphere was calming and the food was the best I ever had. The portion you get is well worth the money. They weren't cheap with the drinks or the food. I would highly recommend this restaurant to everyone.  I had pinchos, steak with garlic shrimp. The steak was cooked perfect and so was the shrimps. Can't wait to go back for more. Tamara and Manuel Cruz .I was really excited about eating here. In fact, I waited all day! Unfortunately, we had a large group of 25 people that were gathering for dinner after a long day convention and the service was incredibly slow. We had worked with the restaurant ahead of time, so they knew we were coming with a large group. We even ordered appetizers and worked out a special menu ahead of time so that we could expedite the process. The took about an hour to get the appetizers out and get our orders taken. By the time we got our food we were all tired and full from bread and apps. I ordered the Dominican Mofongo. I'm from MN and we don't have this dish anywhere, but I had heard so much about it I absolutely couldn't wait! I have never tasted anything quite like it before. It had a nice savory flavor. I think under different circumstances, I would have enjoyed it more. Oh! Their hot sauce was THE BEST!My experience was not so great. It took a long time to get serviced and I felt like I was being looked over because of my appearance. Although I am a 32 year old Hispanic female I tend to look younger. However, after placing my order with my nephew it took almost 40 minutes to get our food. The place was not crowded so I was uncertain of what could have been taken so long. There was lack of communication from the waiter and I was ready to leave. Upon arrival of the food it was ok. As I attempted to pay my bill my with card I was told AFTER the waitress swiped my card for payment that they needed to see my ID. I was VERY disturbed. I explained to the waitress that I've never had to show ID for paying my bill. Not to mention I DID NOT order any alcoholic beverages so I was very disturbed to why they would need to see my ID AFTER the swiped my card. I asked to speak with the manager. And she seemed to be fumbling over her words. I felt like again, I was being stereotyped and looked over. The manager had the nerve to say "it's for your own protection" that we asking for ID. This entire experience bothered all of me. I signed my bill and left. I will NEVER go back to that un-warming place again. Then the waitress had the nerve to say, "miss I had nothing to do with this." She stated that as I was signing the check because she wanted a tip. Just unbelievable. 
Would never go again. This place is horrible and they stereotype you as soon as you walk in.Nice place for food. It used to be good for clubbing as well but I heard not so much anymore. As far as food it's a great place to attend with family or friends or for a date. They have a huge selection for Spanish food and everything is pretty good. Parking is difficult as its on the street. The staff is friendly. I have been coming here even when I was younger. The food is always yummy. I recommend.excellent food and atmosphere. the only problem is the slow service.My family and I came in for dinner (party of 5) on a Wednesday. It wasn't busy at all and we ended up waiting in the "lobby" for about 5 minutes. During this time, people who worked there came to the front and didn't acknowledge us, the hostess finally came to seat us.
The bus boy came to give us our water and bread, shortly after the waiter came to take our order. A glass was missing from the table for my niece, I asked for one, and it came 15 minutes later. 
Needless to say, our orders were missing some sides and when we asked for it, they never came. 
Long story short, food was OK, service sucked. Would not recommend to anyone. 
The highlight of our evening was the busboy who gave us our water and bread, and actually made some conversation with us. He even got us our hot sauce, even though he wasn't our waiter. Thanks!Good food! Great prices but slow service!!! And usually jammed packed.
They also bring you warm bread and water before every order.Grate place Romantic low key ,waiters where very nice and for birthday my friend they sing with maracas and a flashing candle with the best flan ever for a birthday cake . 
The food was grate with the best home fried potatoes with onion , green peppers and red pepper..... DeliciousAbsolutely awesome place! Passionate waiters and waitresses, best mojito I had in town, and huge portion of food, with very reasonable price. We went on fri night. At least six tables were celebrating birthday. The atmosphere was relaxed, merry and cosy. Sat night would be salsa dance night. Guess would be even better.Been here many times...and always leaving the restaurant feeling VERY CONTENT...best Paella and Sangria in town...friendly staff...I hear that this is the exact same restaurant as Mixto (center city) except lower prices...works for me!
The food is great-the bread, avocado, rice and beans they bring as sides are fresh and tasty. My favorite dish is "ensalada de pulpo" or octopus salad. yummm i definitely recommendA bunch of friends and I recently threw a large birthday party here (15+ people), and they were super accommodating and attentive. It was my first meal here and will definitely not be my last. 
Food here was awesome. We tried several salads, the paella, several steak and chicken entrees, and we were all raving about it at the end of the night. I didn't have one thing that wasn't delicious. The best part of the meal was the tres leches cake. They brought out a whole pan for our party. I'd go back just for that cake alone.This place is the bomb. Every dish they have ever served me is excellent. My favorite hands down is the Mofongo. They provide generous and good quality servings. The food is consistently excellent.
My only complaint the neighborhood at night is not a good area.  I prefer to come during day light hours. I love the food but safety first.Wait! We were charged a tip before we were given the bill. What the hell! Who said we wanted to pay this tip and or how much for two people. What a racket. Inspect ur bill! When I questioned the manager he asked why didn't we look at the bill? We did man after u gave it to us with the gratuities already on it. I was so mad especially since the chicken with shrimp and  mozzarella  was dry as a bone! One star for decor minus one for check and waitress.The BEST place to eat. I've been going here for years now and never had a bad experience. Amazing food, great service, perfect for all occasions! Highly recommend the tres leches cake, both chocolate and regular are wonderful.First off I was weary of the neighborhood or that there isn't designated parking for the building except in the RiteAid across the street since it closes around 9pm. I have to say the building is gorgeous and huge from the outside, certainly raised my spirits.
Since it was Saturday night and I arrived too early for the club section on the 2nd floor I sat in the bar section of the restaurant. Service is a pinch slow, but myself or my friend weren't in a rush since we were killing time. We tried their $9 margaritas (Raspberry & Mango type) which it was decent and strong.
Now... to move on to the club section.
First off you have to pass through a metal detector, then get funneled down a roped off section for coat check and pay a $10 cover (men & women which I guess is great for not playing into favorites -.-) to then be given a ticket which I then pas that off to a ticker-master on the steps. Phew, after all of that the upstairs is HUGE with a small hip-hop section, large Latin music section, 3 bars on both sides, hookah is available at tables and there is a decent sized VIP section. This place is possibly much larger than I was expecting. I must say I dropped $30 for 6 beers which is possibly a pinch steep. Must say it was a first to leave the bartender my ID & credit card to open a tab. Either way I danced through both sections, had a big mixture of age ranges and the dance floor on the Latin section was always filled. It's safe to say I will come back to visit this place.Long wait with justification ;(!! Don't come. You will have the worst customer service of ur life!!!!!!I really enjoyed everything from the atmosphere,  to the drinks, & food was slamming.  My server was very friendly,  one of them couldn't speak English.  But we managed... 
I definitely would visit again,  and reccomend to anyone on the curious side.  I know I was.The food was delicious but the service can be better. We had the paella valencia which is rice with lobster, clams, mussels, squid, chicken breast, sausage and peas. We had arepa with chicharron.So, my lovely coworkers told me about this place. All they could do to describe it was close their eyes, smile and shake their heads with pleasure just thinking about how good the food is. 
I had the red snapper. Fresh and delicious. 
I'm planning to return for the grilled chicken and shrimp. 
Oh, don't forget to get a giant margaritaLove love love!!!! Everytime I go here, I never have a bad experience and always leave completely full and satisfied. Service is amazing. Water is always constantly full and someone is always around checking up on you and seeing if you need anything. Parking is amazing bc you can park at the RiteAid lot right across the street.
My husband and I always tend to order the same thing when we come. I love sweet plaintains, so to start, I order sweet plaintains stuffed with ground beef and cheese. Mmmm, it's heaven. It's sweet and salty combined into one. Definately give it a try. Then for dinner, I get Masas de Cerdo off of the cuban specialties section. It comes with rice, cassava, cuban tamales, sweet plantains, beans, and roasted pork chunks. So full of flavor and tons of stuff on the plate so you never get tired of eating it! And I also add on a skirt steak. I never ever finish my meal, but I order it bc I like to bring it to lunch the next day. Make sure you get the hot sauce that they have (I believe it's homemade). My husband and I basically live by this hot sauce when we come here.
Check this place out!!! You will not be dissapointed. :-)We found this place on Yelp, during my last stay in Philly. We were staying at the Marriot Courtyard in the Navy Yard and wanted somewhere off the beaten path to dine outside of the more known latin cuisine restaurants. 
Didn't realize how far out of the city this place was (North Philly) and the neighborhood got sketchier and more frightening the closer we got to the restaurant, but being a veteran traveler of 'off the beaten path' eateries, did not abort the mission, stayed the course and am so glad I did. 
The food was just DEEELISH! Portion sizes are insane and they jam a whole lot of nationalities on one menu (Colombian, Cuban, Dominican) but not of the dishes suffer for it. 
I had an appetizer of chicarrones con arepas ( Fried pig skin and corn cakes), hands down the best I every had anywhere and that's saying a lot coming from a New Yorker, surrounded by a strong latin presence. Again it was an insane amount of food for an appetizer and I really couldnt eat my meal after i devoured it but it was sooo good. My husband had the shrimp mofongo and let me tell you, these people know how to do Mofongo, if you go order it, you will be glad you did. 
I vaguely remember my main course since the I was so full after the appetizer, but not because it wasnt good, just food coma by then. 
If you dont mind braving the less glossy side of Philly, I say go, your belly will thank you for it.Empanadas are to die for! Good atmosphere. Yes the neighborhood looks sketchy but I have been here many times day or night and never a problem. Service can be slow but if you want authenticity-this is the place. HUGE portions,Awesome authentic columbian food!!!
We shared the calamari to share between 4 people- would recommend getting! Most calamari is just average but this was crispier so I would recommend it. 
They give a basket of buttered bread for you to snack on!
I ordered the BANDEJA TPICA
Top round steak, corn meal patty, fried pork, Colombian sausage, avocado, one egg, white rice ($16.50)
-If you are a meat lover GET THIS!!!! It is a lot of food though so it was perfect considering I am pretty greedy. The meat is kinda lean so not much fat. I got yellow rice and no beans inside of the white beans and beans. Def get this!!!
The total came out to 22 a person..not bad at all for the amount of food you get. Most of my friends had leftovers to take home. 
This place is kind of deep from center city- 20-25min drive.I give this place a 5 Star-rating because other than the food, the service is spectacular! And the staff is very friendly. I love their happy hour overall but unfortunately I can't be there from 5-7 as often as I would like because I, myself, am a Server too. So I either get the fresh toast for breakfast or try to get there an hour before they close for dinner! I usually sit at the bar because I often go by myself to eat there but I also love it because I can relate to the bartenders who are around my age, fun, silly and very attentive staff! I appreciate their work and I am more than glad to hand them a 20% tip as a Minimum because although they add it on your bill, they deserve it! Being a Server makes all the difference because we live off tips Before we do our hourly pay rate. And not to mention the neighborhood isn't that great so I wouldn't be surprised if people there don't tip great and so they had to add that gratuity for their services for that major purpose. So if anyone is looking for a variety of delicious Latin-American food.. This is your spot!!! And don't forget to ask for Henry if you've decided to sit at the bar for a nice chat and entertainment along with your meal! EnjoyFood is really good but area is really sketchy! I will not go there at night.Horrible customer service!!! first of all the hostess was very slow to get us seated. Once we got seated we got the water they serve and asked the lady to get our waitress. Then we asked another waiter to pls get our waitress in total we asked 3 times NOTHING! So waited 40 min and didn't get serve! We didn't even get to see what she looked like! So we left the place!!! After 40 minutes of wait we ended up leaving with no food at all! Don't waste your time time going to this place it's horrible. Very loud people & they charge a mandatory 15% tip on your check! Like if they actually earned it. If it was for me I would give them 5% tip. Not to mention I would give them half a start if I could!!!We come here about once a month just for the food.  This Latin food eatery has consistently delighted us with authentic fare including the difficult to get Ecuadorian dish of Hornado.   Or my favorite Colombian patter is: Bandeja tipica.One of the best place to eat churrasco skirt steak, it's really good. Will be back, love this place!LOVE the skirt steak with chimi churrey sauce here. I've also tried the arroz con pollo and whole fish and empanadas.
I would never venture out of here if it wasn't for my puerto rican friend. Now I come whenever I'm craving hispanic food. It's the same owner as Mixto, but Tierra is much cheaper with bigger proportions. Also, you know it's a good restaurant when latin people come here!!!!Simply put, no other Hispanic-themed restaurant compares to Tierra Columbiana!  This is real food from people who are actually from the countries whose food they feature - which is mainly Cuba and Columbia.
The food is not microwaved, as many restaurants in the city are guilty of, it's fresh - every single time.
I adore the sopa frijoles de negro, arroz con pollo Columbian-style, and finish off with the chocolate cake and cafe con leches.
The only bad part is the neighborhood.  It's a hellhole, but hardly anything happens at or near the restaurant.  But do avoid going on a Friday or Saturday as you'll be "treated" to the LOUD thumping of the club located directly above from the restaurant.  And it's just plain crazy on those nights (as any restaurant would be, anyway).
The staff is bi-lingual, but it would be a good idea to practice your Spanish here.  The prices are reasonable and the portions just right.
Tierra Columbiana is certainly as good as it gets when it comes to authentic Hispanic food and atmosphere.To add to my previous review...still my favorite restaurant!  I'd go here just for chicken soup, its unbelievable!  The pernil is out of this world!   For the best Spanish food, this is your place!This place has a cool vibe, great food and drinks. If you're in the mood for some good Cuban food, this is the place to go.My paella was overcooked and dry. The mofongo & creole sauce was pretty good. The rice and beans were good. If you want to eat go earlier. Club upstairs was pretty swanky.So I have been to this Latin restaurant before but not for awhile. However, it was my sister's favorite restaurant and her choice for her family Birthday dinner. We had 15 people. We went at 5pm on a Sunday night with reservations and were promptly seated. I agree with others that the restaurant is loud and this makes it difficult to converse. We were able to take advantage of the happy hour drink specials and the mojito was delicious.  We ordered our food and it was served in a timely manner. I ordered the salmon with shrimp in a garlic sauce. The salmon was good but the shrimp were tough and chewy.  The entree comes with a choice of sides. I had the yellow rice, tostones and black beans. I did not eat the rice or beans. The tostones were dry and tasteless. I make them better myself. The salmon was good but not worth the $33 price tag. Others at the table said their food was cold, probably because there were 15 of us and they could not keep it all warm before serving. I ordered chocolate cake for dessert and again it was dry and tasteless. But probably the straw that broke the Camel's back was when the waitress came over and announced if we used a credit card to pay the bill there would be a 4% surcharge! I think this practice is tasteless in this day and age, especially given that the prices here are not inexpensive. It almost makes me wonder that the owners are urging you to pay cash so they can "launder" some of the money. At the very least, add an extra dollar onto the entrees to compensate. My sister even thought the prices had increased significantly since she was last there.  I won't return any time soon.