Unfortunately have to update my review.... The first few times I had this, it was was really good - and I was starved for great Indian food.  After several more times, I became more and more disappointed.  The chicken tikka masala was several times excessively greasy (pools of oil floating.... not the normal way, I understand it's not a diet dish, but I eat this all time).  Twice with delivery times over an hour and a half (quoted, and then longer to arrive).  
Sorry, Tiffin, I had to find a new love.We got delivery from this place over the weekend. Great food! I had the saag paneer, and it was excellent. The servings were huge, and the dishes were tasty. The naan was good as well. I ordered my dish 'spicy,' and it wasn't. The food was still really good, though. I would definitely go back.amazing delivery.  it really does rival Ekta, where I've been ordering all this time.  now I think I'll mix it up between the two.
again, delivery to center city is a MAJOR plus since I don't know of any good Indian joints downtown.  The chicken tikka masala has just as great tender and flavorful pieces of chicken as Ekta's, but I have to say it's more onion-y and the curry is not as thick.
The saag paneer seems to have less butter than Ekta's but the spinach flavor is much more prominent.  The food was delivered promptly in a nice white paper bag with tiffin's logo on it.  delicious!Went here on a Wednesday night and wasn't sure what to expect. I'd heard it had good Indian food so 3 of us decided to share garlic naan, butter chicken, and chicken biryani. The food was absolutely delicious and I definitely didn't see that coming. All the portions were pretty generous and we left feeling full and content. A bit out of the way in terms of location but would definitely order take-out from here in the future!Tiffin delivery used to be great, despite the lengthy deliver process.  The one day my coworkers and I placed an order online at 10:30 for a noon delivery and when 1:30 came and went, they said they didn't think it'd be there before two.  Angry, we canceled the order, and ignore my heart's desire for Indian for a few months.
Today, I decided to give Tiffin one last chance.  Placed an order at 11:30 for a 12:00-12:30 delivery.  1:30 I called, they promised he'd be here in 5 minutes.  He shows up 10 minutes ago, and normally Tiffin's portions are so large they last two meals (how I justify the price) - but the bag is extraordinarily light.
My Chicken Tikka trio (July special) had 6 small pieces of chicken, sitting on top of wilted lettuce.  That's $15?! The unidentified accompaniment tasted like flavorless smashed lentils. Naan was burnt in spots.  Overall it just wasn't very good and I won't be ordering again.Tiffin you are still my favorite! Your selections are lighter and seem healthier than the competition and the complimentary dal just really makes my day. If you add Aloo Tikki to your menu my roommate and I will love you forever (slash give you all of our Indian food funds), but for now, sadly, we must resort to Lovash when we have a potato cake craving. Opening a location around 23rd and South wouldn't be too bad either!
Also, please hurry and open up your new place on Broad so we can love that too!Great food, quick service. Comparable to Ekta.Worst Indian food I have had.  Completely lacking in depth of flavor.  Do yourself a favor and go to Ekta, which isnt the best but is so soo sooo much better than this.  Heck even Trader Joe's freezer meals are better than this.We had ordered from Tiffin several times in the past, and enjoyed their selections and on-line ordering.  Last night we ordered take out from them and had the worst take-out dinner I have had in years.  The appetizer special was a fried and it arrived ice cold.  Furthermore, it  was sweet.  I  had the chili paneer and it tasted just like Chinese food( which is OK if I wanted Chinese).  It was also cold.  My mango lassi tasted like chai tea.  My husband had the lamb dish and said it was OK tasting, but his stomach hurt this AM.  Never again!  Minar Palace is SOOO much better!Really delicious food that made me realize my love for Indian food. Unfortunately, I no longer live super close to any of the locations, but it's definitely a place I will have to make a trip to soon. The chicken tikka masala is my absolute favorite, and for about $10 you DEFINITELY will have enough for dinner and lunch the next day. Also, once while waiting about 45 minutes for people to meet me here, the manager gave me a free mango smoothie, so the service is good and the employees are courteous.I love Indian food and Tiffin delivers to fishtown, so it has become my default.  A big downside to ordering from them is delivery usually takes over an hour - so remember to think ahead, or eat at the restaurant for an expedited experience. 
I recommend the Lamb Saag or Chicken Vindaloo, but suggest avoiding the Kheer.  
PS- If you eat at the restaurant, I also recommend you try and get seating upstairs.  The hardwood floors and exposed brick are a lot more pleasant to dwell within than the IKEA décor below.Dear Tiffin, 
I love you (your food).  Im excited to hear about your restaurant on Broad, can't wait.This one earns the 5th star as the most delicious Indian food I've had in Philadelphia.  Congratulations, Tiffin.
1.  I live in Wash West near Pine street.... and they deliver to me.  
2.  I have dined-in once, and the place is cute.  Very austere and not very traditional Indian looking, but cute.  Good service.  Though the area is a little sketchy.....
3.  When you order they deliver a little "accompaniement" and a dessert.  I don't know what to do with the "accompaniement" yet, but it tastes delicious.  
4.  The food is great.  The best in my quest - and that's what really earns it the 5 stars.unfortunately, the last 2 times I've ordered from Tiffin, the curries have really lacked in spice and overall flavor.  Even though I indicated medium spice, both curries each time were delivered mild.  the chicken is still very flavorful in the tikka masala but both times, the curry was very watered down.  the vegetables in cashew curry was also very disappointing--the veggies seemed frozen and then thrown in (which you could tell from how much water they retained and the unpleasant texture).  definitely gonna go back to ekta even tho i think they use a lot more butter than tiffin does!Firstly please note that this is my first review EVER on yelp because it is THAT important for me to share my experience regarding the decline in quality of this particular Tiffin restaurant - specifically their Curry Sauces. I have been ordering regularly from this branch for over 5 years and had been extremely satisfied until about a year ago when a supposed Chicken Tikka Masala was delivered with the consistency of water. I called my dear Tiffin restaurant to ask if there was a change in kitchen staff to which he responded "no". I dictated my issue and that this has never happened before to which he responded "what do you want us to do about it now?". I was in a bit of shock but because this was my first terrible experience I let them slide. 
Then a few months later I had friends visit from out of town so i hoped that my last experience was a one time thing and decided to go ahead and order the same food - AGAIN the same problem. I was mortified. It was as though they neglected quality all together. 
For the last time I ordered the same food this past weekend and again I received a sauce (not curry) that I could have easily prepared myself. It was as thin as water and plain in taste. I WILL NEVER EVER ORDER FROM THIS BRANCH AGAIN. You lost a loyal customer as a result of apparent decline in the quality of food you serve your customers coupled with your low quality customer service!This was the absolute slowest delivery in the world. It took over an hour and a half for me to get my food, it didn't taste as good because I was so agitated.Delivery service is awful! It took over 2 hours !  No communication or call back after multiple follow ups. Was told driver was stuck in traffic on a Sunday night, still haven't received delivery and it's 9:17pm at night.I rarely give super negative reviews but guys COME ON. I got the Chicken Tikka Marsala (not what I ordered but it happen np) and the portion was sized for a five year old! I mean I've had appetizers with more of the actual meat I ordered, and for fifteen bucks, not cool guys, not cool. There is definitely loads of rice and sauce though.
Perhaps they just weren't having a very good Monday, but I doubt I'll be coming back.I used to be ALL about Tiffin. I'm not totally sure what happened, but it's not the same anymore. I remember the food being so much more AUTHENTIC, now it just tastes Americanized and it's not good to me. It's also way pricier than it deserves to be. I don't plan on going here again.Tiffin was a wonderful restaurant in which to have Indian food. It's location in Northern Liberties surprised me due to the fact that I had no clue that there were any good restaurants in that area. However, Tiffin is quite the exception to this belief, and it really does seem to have its own niche in the neighborhood. The upstairs dining room is very quaint, making for a very personal and home-style dining experience.
Decor: (4/5)
Service: (3.5/5)
Plates:
Vegetable Samosa (5/5): Basically, they're mixed veggies made into a ball and thrown together in a frier. These tasty little apps were out of this world; I could eat these for days.
Lasooni Tikka (5/5): This app is also made from God's hands. It's essentially a piece of chicken marinated in garlic. It's delicious and very flavorful. 
Chicken Tikka Marsala (4/5): This plate is a very classic Indian dish and needless to say, I was more than delighted to try it out. This one is a staple for any first-time Indian foodies.
Lamb Chettinad (5/5): This plate was easily the highlight of the night. The lamb was cooked very well, and the sauce was phenomenal.
Overall, I give this place a 4/5 because the price of the entire meal is incredibly worth it. I've never eaten such good food for such a low price; I almost felt like a joke was being played on me. I'd be more than happy to eat here again, and I hope everyone gives this place a chance to shine.We did delivery from Tiffin a couple weeks ago, and I wasn't expecting much.  The meal was huge, reasonably priced, and quite delicious.  Loved the fried fish roll app, the butter chicken was outstanding, the naan was on point, and the lamb vindaloo was just spicy enough and tender.  No complaints here, and we'll do another in-home Indian meal soon.Sigh...It is with a heavy heart that I do what needs to be done. Pan Tiffin. 
Tiffin has been a staple in our lives. But the last few times we ordered have been horrendous (I think four times counts as a representative sample, no?). Tonight we waited over 2 hours for our food. Mirroring our last delivery time frame. And when the rice is the best part of the meal, it is time to move on. The chana masala needed SALT. And the aloo gobi was just greasy and tasteless. And despite calling back and making sure that we requested "hot," our food was neither hot nor really seasoned. Again, sigh. I can't write anymore. The pain is just to great. 
It is time to move on...
No, don't try and stop me, Tiffin. It's you not me.I've been looking for an Indian place that would blow my face off in Philly, but I have yet to find one. (Any suggestions, please let me know.)
Tiffin is ok.  The food is really good if you're super hungry in the middle of the night, and the ingredients are decent.  
With that said, the portion sizes are teeny for the price they ask for, and the dishes are mainly sauce with a small sprinkling of whatever main thing you order- chicken, cheese, lamb, etc.
I do really like their dal, which hits the spot everytime.  
I've also yet to be pleased with their costumer service.  For some reason, they are a grumpy bunch.  Not overtly mean, just grumpy.Today's experience was horrendous. Each and every dish tasted like it was made by a 5 year old!! This place was really authentic few years back but not anymore!
Lets see, the appetizers: Spinach Chat: disgusting!! What was described on the menu and what was served was totally different. It was soaked in oil and worse of all, did not have any taste (not even salt). The server did not provide salt/pepper/sweet/spicy chutneys to go with this! 
Manchurian was completely off the normal yummy manchurian you generally get at other indian places. They literally served raw cauliflower fried in oil (without the batter mind you), in water like soup!! WTF!! seriously... It completely spoiled our date as me and hubby got in argument over whether we should just eat this overpriced and greasy food or whether we should send it back and walk out of this place!! In the end although I was super hungry (I am pregnant) I still could not eat the food and after paying for this overpriced food I left the place upset and hungry!! 
I am NEVER going to any other Tiffin places in city again.Awesome!  We got there late in their service one night and wound up having an incredible meal.  The setting was nice, clean rustic, not so Indian I guess but the food came through with authenticity and freshness.
I'm used to hating Chicken Tikka.  It's always dry, far overdone and utterly bland.  I was reading the descriptions on the menu and didn't even realize what I was ordering, it sounded so good.  When the dishes arrived and I realized I'd gotten the damn Chicken Tikka, my heart sunk.  I dug in with no anticipation but was immediately blown away - nothing like having low expectations and getting great stuff.  It was perfectly done and ever so succulent.  Just about everything else was also excellent, only my Lassi was a little overly yogurt-y.
I will be back for sure.I can't give this place the five stars that it's good deserves because it's service is dragging it down. Tiffin is definitely the best Indian food in torn. Unfortunately, it's a restaurant that believes its food product it the only thing that matters. Customer service, timeliness of delivery and overall approach to experience are clearly not priorities for this business. I would encourage anyone to eat their food because it's delicious, but manage your expectations. When they tell you delivery will be an hour it will be two - and they will tel you their delivery car broke down (they've used this excuse three times now). So just know they value great food and they value your money. They just don't value your time or your experience with them.Even the best food leaves a bitter taste when it's delivered more than 1 hour after its promised. My order was called in at 6:15 pm the food was promised for one hour. We called at 7:20 and were told that it would be delivered in 15 minutes.....when it arrived at 8:15 the delivery driver defensively  blamed  the kitchen. I called the restaurant. No apology, no excuse, no aknowagement that they erred, no offer of some future perk. This is NOT ACCEPTABLE !Tiffin used to be pretty great in spite of the fact that they don't do buffet.  Now, not so much.  The food is ok considering what the neighborhood has to offer but they're always closing whenever they feel like closing.  They're rarely open till 9:30 as it says on their website/ menu and if you work late and try to catch a meal after 9, it's the luck of the draw.  For making such a big deal about the owner being a Wharton grad, I'm surprised he's so cavalier about the way he does business.  He really must be raking it in not to care about such a simple thing as being open when you say you're going to be open.  And, PS, Ekta isn't any better about keeping hours.  New Delhi really needs to open a Northern Liberties location and raise the bar across the board for Indian food in this neighborhood.Tiffin has officially gone off the deep end.  Chicken Tikka Masala with naan. $18?  Before tip.  It's peasant food / delivery.  Combined with the fact delivery is almost always a disaster.  2+ hour waits.  Wrong items over half the time.  Drivers who sit in their cars and want you to run to them?   No thanks.  We have other choices.The butter chicken is to die for. My boyfriend and i get it delivered quite often along with the veggie samosas. We have lived in Philly for a year and a half and have yet to replace butter chicken as our favorite delivery food here. 
We dined in once. Service was okay, parking was rough, and the dining room was freezing. We actually ate with our coats on along with a handful of other guests. Also, the nan is a little rubbery. BUT the butter chicken always delivers, therefore, why they get the 4 stars.Amazing! I love the butter chicken. The atmosphere is pleasant as well. It's a byob, so you can bring whatever. The service was really quick. It usually seems to take longer but this was the first time I went during the week and it took about 15-20 mins to get the entrees after an appetizer.We ate at Tiffins last night after reading such good reviews. 
We ordered the Butter Chicken and the Chicken Tikka Masala (which by the way are pretty much the same thing), and an order of naan. I've had chicken tikka masala at a number of places, as it's my favorite dish, and Tiffin's version definitely lived up to my expectations. The portions were plentiful - we couldn't finish our dishes, but got it to-go. Everything was fresh and delicious. Food: 5/5
Service was perfect. There is no corking fee, as Tiffin is BYOB. Service: 5/5
The dining room is clean and bright. It does not have air conditioning, just ceiling fans. It's not bad unless it's a hot day. We were a little warm when we first walked upstairs, but quickly acclimated and were fairly comfortable.  It looked like they were in the process of expanding or renovating part of the downstairs. Decor: 4/5
As for the area, it is very run-down and dirty. I would not feel safe walking around there at night. Thank goodness they deliver! We went around 7pm and had no trouble finding a parking spot in front. Location: 3/5
Most dishes were between 10-15 dollars. But with the large portions, it can easily serve as two meals. Price: 4/5
We will definitely be back to their dining room, and I plan on tryingout their delivery service soon!First let me say, they are no longer accepting Restaurant.com gift certificates. They had signs posted saying they no longer accepted certificates purchased after 12/13/2011. This was the only reason I came to the place so it was disappointing. It was also a little frustrating when I asked the manager about this and he failed to give any explanation but rather said we just don't take them.
That being said, the food was ok. This was my first time with Indian food so I had a lot of questions about the food, nearly none of which the waiter could answer. So we randomly chose a few things off the menu. They weren't bad, but not really that great. I dined with my gf, who loves Indian, and she felt the food wasn't as good as most other Indian places she's visited. Perhaps the gift certificate incident soured my experience, but I don't think I would go there again.Any vegan person should be done w tiffin. 
I went today with my mom after not having been in a long time. The server straight up told me there is butter in everything, chicken stock in the rice - and my "vegan" go to dish the bharta was taken off the menu. 
This isn't even a vegan beware anymore - this is a completely non vegan establishment.
the reason for the downgrade is that they used to accommodate and they would make dishes without butter. apparently they do not do that anymore.
the place also smelled like the AC was broken and it was stuffy as anything. it was hard to even sit inside there.I used to think best in city but recent quality has decreased. Thought it was a fluke but last few times I was disappointed.baingan bhartha is put through a food processor, that's how its made always. so no that is not strange. anyways i think for non-indians this is a great place as its flavorful and not too spicy. I ate dinner at the restaurant many months ago so  I can't remember my entire meal, I remember the shrimp tikka being too salty but being fresh large pieces of shrimp. And the dessert was lovely, mango flan, which is a great concept, something I'd like to learn to make. Wish it had been around when I was in philly, I'm sure I would've ended up ordering delivery A Lot.Loved the saag paneer. Went to the one in Ardmore.  It was absolutely delicious!Fantastic food. Not the best Indian food I have had (that belongs to India House in Chicago), but it's definetly a close second. The delivery service is fantastic as is the online ordering.I dig Tiffin. It links up with Ekta as my favorite Indian food in the city. It doesn't blow my mind or anything like that, but they do have some dishes that you don't see so often from time to time.Not sure why the mainstream main course is so sweet. Sugar added to accommodate American tastes?I gave it 4 stars for the food - the atmosphere is not bad but hardly a deterrent.  I don't want Le Bec Fin when I am eating Indian.  Great menu, very friendly staff - not a great area but never a problem parking there.  Don't let your paneer saag! (sorry, lame)Absolutely delicious Indian food. I've tried various entrees & everything they had is simply delicious. My favorite dish is shrimp briyani. It's so flavorful. My other favorites include lamb saag and chicken tikka masala. When it comes to appetizers, onion bhaji is the one to pick. The samosas are good, but I've had better.There's not much to say, empty restaurant on a Saturday early evening. If you want real and authentic unassuming, not wash down Indian food, please do yourself a favor and leave this place behind. Flavor profile: sweet and zero spice or heat! How insulting! We order lamb they gave us chicken. I never would go out for chicken, but I would for lamb! By the way I knew it would be below expectation since it was a chain/franchise meaning it can be own and set up by any one, so stay away from chain!I ate in at Tiffin for the first time with a bunch of people. We sat upstairs, which is a spare but nice space with its exposed brick walls and photos of India. It was quiet enough to talk to everyone at the table, which I appreciated.
Eager and hungry, we started off with two orders of all the vegetarian appetizers and then some - samosas (excellent, but how can you go wrong with a samosa), chat (just one variety here, but it's tasty) and onion bhaji. My fish eating friends said the kali mirch was bangin (end quote).
Main course was a big old paneerfest. I think Tiffin's paneer is the best in the city - creamy, chewy, with just the right amount of firmness. Saag paneer was smooth and spinacious (I made that one up), if a little underspiced. Paneer tikka masala was just right, and the malai kofta was dense and rich with a subtly flavored cashew sauce. I also enjoyed the sweet, layered peshawari naan. 
So, after all of us had gorged ourselves, the time came to look at the bill. A friend took Price Is Right-style bids - how much for an unreasonable number of appetizers and main dishes for everyone? The lowball $1 bet won by a lot, and we all left full and happy with leftovers and more money than we expected.They deliver pretty far from my place, gulab jamin was perfect, and an usual  selection of Indian sodas, ordered a few things, but really enjoyed the tikka masala. But a little overpriced.This weekend has been rough for me. My very identity has been shaken to the core.....this is all because I am ready to abandon tiffin. 
I have spent years preaching the gospel of tiffin....I lived around the corner from their girard location and would get either takeout or eat-in almost weekly. i've had basically everything on the menu and would even splurge for the specials: they never let me down! 
then....something sad happened about six months ago. Our takeout just wasn't so flavorful. It lacked the depth of flavor and WOW-factor that drew me to tiffin week after week. We thought it was a fluke and tried again, with the same results. 
I started ordering from their competitor, ekta and was pleasantly surprised...I kept ordering from them and have not been let down. 
But on Friday, my first night back after a month away from Philly, I wanted to revisit my old bff, Tiffin. I did, and was disappointed yet again. The tikka masala was good, don't get me wrong.....but it didn't light up the room the way it used to. 
It is time for me and tiffin to finally break up.  Tiffin: we had a good couple years together but I am leaving you for ekta. You've just let me down too many times and I gotta move on.Best Indian food west of Bombay. Delivery is killer too, but ya gotta order WAY in advance...Put on that Bollywood record, grab a sari and get your groove on...Although I felt like I was in a Subway hoagie joint or a Delicatessan, the food was surprisingly good. We often go to Saffron in ambler which is also a similar Indian neighborhood gem. In contrast to Saffron which is a dining experience with An extensive menu but always trying to market their bottled water, this is much less of a dining experience with a smaller menu but with just slightly better quality food. We enjoyed the appetizers, as well as one fish, one lamb, and one vegetarian dish. If you don't mind having a somewhat constant flow of people walking through the front dining area to get back to the cash register towards the back of the restaurant , Tiffin uwould be a very good choice for an informal restaurant with quality Indian food.I love their food! 
I've only had their food delivered so I have no idea what the restaurant looks or smells like but everything I had there was great!! Its definitely the best Indian food I have had in Philly.For my first go of Indian food I had their chicken pizza and the flat wheat bread with spiced mashed potatoes. It was good but its not my go to for fast food.As far as Tiffin goes, its the best indian food that I've had in Philadelphia.  Everything that I ordered from here is delicious.  Although it can be a little pricey I would highly recommend splurging if you like spicey indian food.5 stars for the first visit, 1 for the second = 3 stars for an average. My boyfriend and I went here for dinner with a Groupon on a Thursday night, food was DELICIOUS! (I don't remember the exact names of everything we got - chili chicken, eggplant, chicken tikka masala, shrimp, pesharawi naan, little donut balls.) Service was great too, and there was plenty of seating. We liked it so much we went back a few days later...the food was a bit different this time (we ordered almost the same things we did on Thursday), but still tasty. We got a table like 10 minutes before a party of 15 came in, so the place was packed; the people who came in after us had to do takeout, apparently there is upstairs seating but renovations or something was happening so they couldn't seat anyone there. Anyway, about three quarters of the way through dinner, my stomach told me it was full and to stop eating. I of course didn't listen, since I knew I could devour everything, and was super hungry before we arrived. But then my boyfriend, who for real chows down, said he felt weird, too. By the time dessert came along, we sadly had to stop eating due to discomfort, and when we left, we sat in the car for about ten minutes, debating whether or not it was the food we just ate that made our bellies feel so bad...painful, almost, like our stomachs told us to stop eating by putting us in pain. Lesson: always listen to your body. I'm not sure what was different in the preparation of our food the second time we went...but maybe it was a fluke. If we had just the first experience here, I would recommend Tiffin to anyone, but the second really put a bad taste in our mouths literally. I will definitely go back, but not for a while, I think, or maybe I'll visit one of their other locations, because undeniably, the food is yummy!! And using a Groupon makes it very affordable.Solid Indian food.  I can order anything from here and assume it is going to taste good.  Minus one incident I had with the chicken being a little dry ... but overall... probably the most reliably good indian in the city.  The only reason it isn't the place I order from all the time is because Minar Palace is significantly cheaper ($5/meal)... but when I feel like treating myself, I order the lamb saag and chicken tikka masala from here :)This place does Indian food right. Quality meat is used and the flavor is AMAZING. I have only ever had delivery but the tikka masala and vindaloo are phenom. I order them every time. The only complaint is a personal one. The chicken tikka is on the bone and I prefer boneless. But still not enough to deduct a star. love love... give it a shot for indian food!great food and delivery!! lamb saag is the bestOK, so not having a lot of experience with Indian food I don't have much to compare Tiffin to. Other then that, they are amazing! I went there for the first time this week, and ordered again the next day. I thought about what I ate and could've be eating all day after ordering too. I don't care if some say this is a watered down version of Indian, its F'ING delicious anyway. This place is affordable and generous with their portions (1 meal is good for 2 people). Highly recommend for anyone who wants amazing take out it NoLibs.[Delivery to University City] We placed a delivery order at 5:30p on a Saturday night.  They seemed very busy and after being on hold was quickly asked for the order and said it would be there in 1hr and 15 minutes.  The food came 15 minutes late.  That said, it was delicious.  The portions were very generous, and came with complementary half portion seasoned, pickled yellow peppers, onions bhaji, and mango chutney.  We will definitely order from here again---we'll just allot for more time :-)Pricey and mediocre.  I'm lucky to be closer to West Philly joints that are cheap and soooo good they make me crave Indian food daily.  
I feel like it's a starter restaurant for people scared of Indian food.  So if you're a beginner, go for it, it's not bad.  It's just not that good.I'm not sure why this considered one of the 50 best restaurants in Philly. The food was okay. I wonder why it seems impossible to get good Indian food in Philly.i have a love / hate with tiffin.  sometimes they tell me there is butter in the rice, then i call back and ask someone else and they say no... when i call in a baingan bharta i always say no dairy .... i feel like the food is ok but i am so hesitant to order from them.Hands down my favorite Indian food in the city so far. I've only gotten delivery so I can't speak to the in store experience, but everything was so nicely packaged in its little plastic containers that it was almost worth it just for that. The meal came with a few different kinds of chutneys and condiments, and lovely basmati rice.
The samosas were crunchy on the outside, soft, tender and spicy on the inside, and the chicken vindaloo was fabulous. ACTUALLY spicy, not just "spicy." My mouth was a little hot after ripping apart the tender chunks of chicken, stewed with (red peppers?) The whole meal was highly satisfying, and one serving was enough for two people, with the appetizers.
A bit pricey but totally worth it. I'm just waiting for an excuse to order again!Honestly they must be overrated in some of the sites in social media. I can confirm badly booked lamb roganjosh with uncooked lamb, uncooked veggies in the veg biryani, onion naan bad taste. Frankly their cooks and chef need to be fired. Service bad.When it first opened, I was obsessed with Tiffin. But the quality of the food is just okay, you definitely get what you pay for here. 
Although I am grateful they deliver to my hood, it usually takes forever to get my food. As in, we need to order before we actually get hungry or else we'll be starving by the time it comes. The delivery people are always nice and apologize if the food is late.
The Chicken Vindaloo is nice and spicy, this is probably my favorite entree. The runny Baingan Bharta looks like it has been put through a food processor, which is strange. Saag Paneer, usually my favorite dish, is just okay. Tiffin's doesn't have as much cheese as I like and it isn't very smooth. 
I love that they include a side dish, it is always a pleasant surprise to try something new. Once they sent chicken soup that almost put my mother's to shame (almost, mom, just almost). But the condiments leave something to be desired, especially the mango chutney.
I recommend not ordering nan if you're getting delivery because it tends to be a bit soggy by the time you get it. Instead I keep some in my freezer, it takes only a minute or two to heat up in the oven.The servers are all very nice.  The pace is a bit slow considering we were one of two tables.  I had fond memories of past meals at Tiffin; that was years ago.  Recently, when I went back, the food wasn't the same.  It wasn't as flavorful as I remembered.  The malai kofta was hard; sauce was okay.  The lamb dish was bland.  The rice was sticky and clumpy.  I'll have to find another Indian restaurant in the city...I'm writing this from the perspective of a take-out customer since I have never actually been to the restaurant(s).
My name is Pat and I am a Tiffinaholic.  I admit it.  I just can't stay away.
I started ordering from Tiffin for lunch almost as soon as word was out that they did this cool lunch thing called "tiffins".  Modeled after a lunch-time practice in India, It's a set meal consisting of 3 dishes plus basmati rice and a few accompaniments (relishes).  Each day they offer 3 different tiffins:  there is a common vegetable dish, a common dahl and a main dish that is different -- you can select from one of 2 vegetarian dishes or one meat dish.  The cost is $7.50 for veg and $8.50 for meat.
You used to be able to order just a single tiffin, but I think the high price of gas, plus the fact that many people weren't even tipping the delivery people, made them put a $15 minimum on delivery.  That means you either need to order with someone else & get 2 tiffins, or increase your order by adding a side dish, a bread, an app or even just by ordering a regular meal instead of a tiffin.  You can order by phone, or you can order on their website.  I find it really convenient to order on the web site.  I even pay for it (including the tip, if I wish), via PayPal.  That way, when the food is delivered, all I have to to is meet the delivery person, smile, and begin drooling -- no wasted time fumbling for cash.
I work in center city (west), between Suburban and 30th Street Stations.  You can pick your lunch delivery "window" as 11-12 or 12-1.  No matter which I choose, it usually gets there noonish.  Since I work in a high-rise, the driver calls me about 2 minutes out so I can just pop on down to the lobby to fetch my lunch.  I have even ordered for later in the day, and ordered a "feast" to take home on the train for dinner.  My husband likes Indian food, but my daughter will KILL for it, so it's usually a party when I bring it home.  The down side is that I need to put up with stares on the train because the aroma tends to waft through the car and cause spontaneous IFFs (Indian Food Fits) amongst the other passengers.  I find it's also wise to have another bag I can put the Tiffin bag into just to avoid leakage.
The food is awesome.  It is spicy, so be forewarned  (my tolerance for spicy food is not as great as it used to be).  They will not adjust the spice on the tiffin meals, probably because they are making them in bulk and Indian food has layered spices -- you can't just add a dash of hot sauce at the end to take it up a notch.  Be careful to check your order.  They are a lot better than they used to be, but sometimes an item is missing, sometimes they forget to give you a plate or plasticware.  If you do find a glitch, just call them and they will do their best to make it right.
Whether you just want a treat at lunch that will drive your coworkers crazy with the smell, or want to make an event of it by getting a bunch of people to order at the same time, give Tiffin a try.  They post their new weekly menu on Sunday, so you can check out the website on Sunday night to get your juices flowing for the week to come.  They also have monthly app and main dish specials.  I have found that they are branching out more and more lately with different dishes, probably as the result of input from a new chef, therefore they repeat old favorites, but also have some very interesting new things.  Now they've added a "Tiffin card" that you can sign up for, promising deals like "a Tiffin and a movie", a free meal on your birthday, and other stuff.  You can be the first in your neighbor hood or cube farm to have one!
If you see the Mango Chicken or Butter Chicken, jump on it!  You won't be sorry!
www.tiffin.comI was a big fan of Tashan, and was very disappointed when it was closed. But Tiffin, its more casual and affordable sibling, is doing a good job. My review is for the Girard Avenue location, which in my opinion has the best kitchen of all Indian restaurants in the region, including all other branches of Tiffin.
This location is nothing fancy. It is more of a takeout and delivery place, although there are a couple of tables to dine in. But if you are a food lover, and only interested in the flavour and authenticity of the food, then this is the place to be!
The prices may seem a little dear for take out Indian food, but the quality would give you no complains. All entrées come with a complementary serving of white rice, daal (lentils), and 2 pickles (one is red onion and the other is their absolutely delicious mango chutney). This place currently serves the most genuine Indian food in the Greater Philadelphia region!
I can't comment on their delivery practices as I stay out of the city limits, but I am sure their logistics would be fine as they are really huge on delivering.
I would have given them 5 stars, if I was not born and raised in India, and I were not cooking Indian food for myself regularly. Let's be real, very few restaurants can actually recreate the magic of home cooked food! So for all practical purposes, consider this review as a 5 star!Food is great, and service on the phone is good...there is my 3 stars. Let's talk delivery. My review for speed, 0. And the review for the delivery guy, 000. I don't know about how other people tip, but I will not tip more than 5.00 for delivery. I mean, the delivery guy did not make the food and he sure didn't get it here fast...in fact, after we last ordered, my husband gave the amount owed and gave him a five dollar bill as a tip. The "gentleman" then asked, yes ASKED, for 10% the bill as his tip. My hubby simple told him to have a nice night with his $5.00. Not sure if this is a thing implemented my the shop, but if not, this guy and anyone doing similar should be fired! Poor form Tiffin.I've had better Indian food and for a cheaper price. 
paneer tikka: cheese cubes were dry, not enough sauce
Vegetable jalfrezi: it seemed like it was just peppers and maybe a few green beans. 
Onion and lasooni naan were pretty good
There wasn't enough food for the amount I paid.This has been our "go to" Indian for over 5 years, but we will now look elsewhere.  Quality down, prices up, and last night's delivery order took 3 hours and 20 minutes to come.  They would not answer their phone, so we gave up and made spaghetti.  When we called to see why it was so ridiculously late, they said they had "been busy."  Too many customers, they clearly don't need our business anymore.Philly has a particular dearth of decent Indian places. Tiffin has indeed filled that void for me, I can't believe it took this long to discover it. While yet to venture to the restaurant, I've enjoyed take-out several times since discovery and while not the best Indian I've had, I have been more than impressed each time.
Avoiding their website is probably a good idea but I guess necessary if you're checking out the menu. It'll take a while to figure it out but don't be deterred. A couple of ordering attempts have resulted in server errors so I've given up. Also keep in mind that delivery may take a while so give yourself plenty of time (up to 1.5 hours) but again, well worth it.This is my favorite Indian restaurant thus far.  I have sampled the vegetarian and non-vegetarian diet and they are equally as tasty.  I'm always weary of vegetarian dishes because I really like to eat meat but I am never disappointed with the malai kofta or the palak paneer.  The portions are good enough to share.  Usually, I will go with a friend and we each order an entree and then split it.  I have nothing negative to say about the food.  It's divine.  The sauces are creamy and thick instead of like watery and bland.  The food is perfectly spiced and you can ask for it to be more spicy if you want.  
The service, however, is iffy and can be annoyingly slow or they won't come back for a while and your mouth is burning without water.  Without that I'd give this place a 5 based on food easily.I go to the Elkins park and Girard locations. The butter chicken is the best in the city, the fish appetizer is to die for. I love the lamb vindaloo it's not on the menu but I have been ordering it for years. I have been going here since there was just one location. I watched this place grow. It use to be cheaper but every year they raise the price which takes away from the original appeal which was good food for an incredible price, now the price has changed. It is by far not expensive it's maybe $30 a person if you order an appetizer and soda- which is still affordable but it use to be a lot cheaper. However Tiffin has the best Indian in Philly.We celebrated my daughter's birthday in the upstairs party room and everything was perfect! From assisting with set up for the party to resetting the room for our family dinner that followed, the service was incredible. The food was well prepared and perfectly spiced - exceeding our high expectations from past excellence. Don't let the neighborhood fool you into thinking this is just a take out joint - make the trip! (Although I do suggest you make a reservation as they can get quite busy with only a few tables and a tremendous take out/delivery business.)I can prepare better Indian fare in my sleep.  Not only that, but it took them two hours to deliver our food, even though I only live a few blocks away, and they even brought some wrong items.  It took them another 90 minutes to pick up the wrong food and bring back the correct ones that were missing, and they tasted like vomit.
To be fair, I have spent a considerable amount of time in the U.K., where a good curry can be found in any town or city there, so I am spoiled when it comes to Indian.Having just paned Bindi downtown, I have to give a little respect to my neighborhood spot. 
 Tiffin is good, homestyle Indian cuisine. The main dishes are all good. The pakoras are the same my mother-in-law makes (Assamese style). 
 It's a little pricey, but not bad considering. Especially good for delivery on these cold winter nights. 
 Coming from someone that lived in India for a while, this is the only place in the city (minus the International Foods in west philly) i will consider for Indian food. 
 they get a 4 in my book only because the 5's go to Udupi Dosa house in Bensalem and Devi in Exton. Can't get better without going to Edison, NJ.My girlfriend and I went to Tiffin for lunch on Sunday around 3 PM.  We were the only people there but they had plenty of take out calls coming in.  The food was tasty with plenty of flavor.  The naan was fresh and warm.  The sauces and main dishes were not very spicy.  I will probably ask them to make it more spicy for me in the future.
I've had plenty of Indian cuisine in the past from buffet style to fancy restaurants.  Tiffin stacks up pretty well on the cost to tastyness scale but might be a little bit overpriced.Tiffin is awesome.
At my office, we order from them about once a week. The food is always delicious.
A few weeks ago, we went to their new dining room. It's small and kind of cramped, but who cares when the service is friendly and the food is outstanding?Indian food that is actually spicy when you ask for it spicy??!? (& its still flavorful!) I am surprised by how good it is for being a chain- very impressive for Indian food.Blech.. the delivery wasn't that good and for the price, you can hit up Sitar in University City for lunch and get the AYCE buffet. The curries are too thin for my taste, and I don't like that weird lentil soup that comes with the food.Quick delivery. Nice long grained rice, I find the tika masala a little too creamy tho.Great food, quick and fun.  Haven't eaten in, just call for pickup.  Love it.We've gotten delivery from Tiffin restaurants for a while.  The peak from our perspective was around the opening of Tiffin Bistro, the pork belly was unexpected and awesome.
Tonight we had a truly awful meal from start to finish.  Everything was not only under seasoned but actually tasted like tap water.  The two least terrible dishes were the shrimp tandoori and the lamb kebabs.  The worst were rogan josh and aloo papri chat.  
Sad to see a good restaurant totally implode.  Will never return.the best thing about tiffin: when the wind is blowing just right, i can smell them from my front door.  it is so comforting to know that good food is this close.
i recently returned from india and london (best indian food outside of india allegedly) and tiffin stacks up pretty well against any food i had in either place.  nothing else in philadelphia does.  (the western suburbs have two places i'd recommend, but that's about it for the greater phila area)  now if someone could only come up with a local place that does southern indian as well.
things i could not live without: 
aloo papri chaat
paneer tikka masala
south indian shrimp curry
honorable mention: 
veg samosas
malai koftaVery disappointing. Service was substandard, food did not taste authentic
Indian cuisine, delivery service was clearly a priority over in house customers. Heard so many good things, but none were apparent during this experience. I would not go again. Food was over done and very salty too:(I ordered a Chicken Korma via the Caviar delivery service. I've never had an indian meal with less flavor and less spice in my life. Very, very disappointing.The quality at the Mt. Airy one has gone down, way down. The food is watered down (Lipti Subzi an old favorite was served without tomatoes in the base making for a weak and insipid curry), the service ... are they talking about customers in Hindi/Nepali?! It used to be my favorite and I would go or order from there all the time and recommend to friends but now its Saffron in Bala Cynwyd for me even with the extra driving time.Ordered takeout from Tiffin so i can't really comment on much except for what I actually ate. So far i've only had the lamb saag which i thought was terrific.
I wish I could say more but since i'm only a novice with indian food i can only state whether i thought it was good or bad. For now I will say that it was good, I will have to update when I have expanded my palate and knowledge for indian foods.i love indian food. the following were ordered by my table:
(apps)
- vegetable samosas: delicious
- onion bhaji: awesome, and i am not such a fan of crunchy onion
- lasooni tikka: tasty, but not my personal favorite
(main dish)
- butter chicken: soooo flipping good. rich
- tandoori chicken: good, but not my personal favorite
- chicken biryani, with raita: LOVEEEE
- tandoori roti: perfect texture, soft but slightly chewy
i haven't tried ekta yet, but maybe i dont have to!Great food, lousy location and service.
I ordered the Chicken Tikka Masala and a side of Naan. Both were amazing. I saved the Naan to dip in the remainder of the Tikka Masala sauce and it is a recipe to die for. I couldn't get enough of the chicken and ordered an extra plate to go. Take all the tikka masala you can get and save it for just about everything. It spreads great on english muffins for an excellent midnight snack!
The location is not too pretty, but would not be a big deal if the establishment itself was nice. The decor was cozy and cute but when you first enter, it takes a while to be seated. My date and I were unsure whether it was even an eat-in at all. Finally we were seated and the service ran a lot better, but the place just does not seem like a typical restaurant. I would not recommend for a date. It feels more like you are eating in someone's office space. 
So, overall, GREAT food, but better off ordering take-out than ordering in.Holy shit this place is incredible. The absolute best Indian food around. They have impeccable hospitality and are super gracious. If you don't go here, your loss!The best. try every dish. wow.
my fave  paneer tikka marsala!
great prices and they deliver allover the city
inhouse dining is great also!Granted, I haven't eaten much Indian food in my life, but from the restaurants I have tried, Tiffin's is by far my favorite.  I will agree with other reviewers that the service is slow, but its well worth it.  My suggestions are the Kaju Mattar Paneer (homemade cheese in cashew cream sauce - yum!) and the mango lassi, which is definitely worth the $3.I really like the food here. I've had several things on the menu now and I'm always impressed with how spicy everything is. I recently took a friend to tiffin who had never eaten Indian food before and he loved it. So kudos to tiffin. However, I am withholding one star because I have noticed some strange behavior on behalf of the staff. It seems like they just don't stress much on the importance of being polite and smiling. Maybe it's not a big deal and I am just spoiled by the American customs and traditions here. But I found it a tiny bit uncomfortable. There is some kind of culture barrier I guess to be expected. I think more people would be regulars here if they just brightened up the attitude a little bit more and made an effort to be chit chatty at the table.It's nice to know there is ethnic food that is not in West Philadelphia.  
The food?  Delicious and reasonably priced. 
Word to the wise, though.  It seems as though they can not handle their recent surge in popularity.  As a result, do not expect to get your food quickly or when they say it will be ready.  There are times that I'll have to wait 35 minutes for a take-out order, only to stand around for 10 more when I arrive to pick up my food because they are just too busy to make good on their estimate.
Also, service is not high on their priority list.  In combination of consistently being late with food when I come to pick up my take-out order, they are usually running around, ignoring me as they are constantly playing catch-up with all the orders they are trying to fulfill.  When they do acknowledge me, they are short and rude as if I were an inconvenience. Bad form, tiffin, bad form.  
They have 5 star food but 1 star service.  
Still, what a welcome contrast to pizza, cheesesteak, burger.It's been 2 hours and I am still waiting for my delivery order that they said would take 15 minutes. I have called to check in 4 times and each time they said that it should be here "soon". I am hungry and angry.The best Indian food I've had in the US. The only drawback is the location. Also, as with all places, you are better off to order a la carte. Enjoy!Ordered take out from here. The food was good but not mind blowing and the prices were reasonable."Curried Pigskin" is the name for my newest tradition. Watching playoff football while enjoying Indian delivery! weird maybe, but what could be better than watching competitive football, on a cold winters night, with spicy flavorful food delivered to your door. 
I have been thinking about ordering from Tiffin for a while now. I was a little worried about the distance to SWCC, but heard they do indeed deliver that far. 
Tiffin has a well organized web site for ordering, and it tells you exactly when to expect your food. You can pay on credit card or cash on delivery. 
I enjoyed the chicken vindaloo and saag paneer entrees with raita on the side. The nan was a bit chewy, and I am not sure if it just didn't travel well. Ordered the food medium spicy, but could have gone a notch higher. 
The order came with a taste of dal, chutney and pickles, a nice touch. 
If you are on the other side of the city, I suggest ordering before you are starving, delivery could take up to an hour. 
Quality Indian food delivered to your door was such a treat, I am considering a new tradition "Tandoori Puck" anyone?still have yet to receive any outreach from anyone at the restaurant, apologizing or attempting to make it up to me. I really wish I could leave them another bad review, but thats like flushing money down the drain..... Which is what you might as well do with their foodI have no reason not to give this spot 5 stars. Every single dish was superb. The portion were just right, I was full and still couldn't put down my fork. 
We were a party of 5, we ordered 4 entrees and an appetizer, andniynwas plenty. I'd a great lunch spot, and quick dinner joint. Not a "romantic" spot as far as ambiance is concerned. But if your date is a foodie and then it's a must! I think gruops are best, family style of course.
We had the chick peas(best ever)
The spinach/cheese-incredible.
The tikka chicken, delicious, rich, flavor for days.
Shrimp curry yummy goodness.
Get your grub on!My middle name is Currie. No kidding. Relative to Indian cuisine, though the spelling is askew, I have always embraced the food synonymous with my middle name. I am a major fan of Indian food. Northern and southern. But especially spicy curries. After moving to Philadelphia from NYC a few years back, I was utterly stoked to find Tiffin, which consistently produced the best curries this side of 6th Street in the East Village. It was hot. It was prepared well. The hot spiciness never compromised the robust and complex flavors. I was smitten. 
So it is with great sadness that, I too must join the chorus of reluctant, former devotees to change my "likes" to "yikes." Two years later, over the past five or six months, the only thing consistently produced in the Tiffin kitchen has been greasy and bland gruel. I always request a "hot" spice level. The last four times I ordered, my food has been so under-spiced that the channa could have been unsugared baked beans, and the aloo gobi came off as a boiled stew of water that Oliver Twist would push away. Tiffin, wha' happen'?!?! It was soooo good before. But you've lost that spicy feelin'. 
An intervention is in order. Help us, Robert Irvine. You're our only hope.This Indian restaurant is NOT good. not authenticI ordered 3 dishes and an appetizer. All of it were very disappointing.
1st fish chicken tikka masala-the sauce is supposed to be think and creamy it was  watery.. just bland..
2nd dish-a lamb fish. Seems like they use the same sauce as a basis then add additional herbs and spices to augment it a bit... same thing watery and bland..
3rd dish-vegetables samosa ingredients were fine but it was super oily and were friend is old oil,
Ekta restaurant the best of all of these other Indian restaurants here in fishtown and northern libs.My husband and I were extremely unsatisfied with our experience at Tiffin tonight.  The eat in atmosphere was awful made worse by Jeff, the obnoxious, crude employee working the counter.  It was one of the most unprofessional things I've ever seen.  
Our appetizers were great, but both entrees were extremely bland.  I've never been more disappointed with Indian food and will not be venturing back to this establishment.Very good, simple indian food.  No frills, but I do enjoy coming here.  Yum!Had lunch at Tiffin today - veggie samosas, saag paneer, chicken korma and lamb chops - which were perfectly seasoned - so flavorful I stopped mid-bite and gave a thumbs-up to the chef.  
My real reason for posting is exciting news - the owner said that they are opening the upstairs for dinner as of next week.  I got a chance to see the space - its really nice, a huge improvement over the downstairs.  Apparently the 1st floor is going to be dedicated to the take-out and delivery business and some grocery retail (for example spices imported from India).  Anyway, exciting news for one of my new favorite places in Philly!Whoever let this baby grace the streets of Philadelphia deserves a hand job, and a good one. It really has kicked everything else out of the water (where the hell did I get that expression). In any case, I ordered the Sagg Paneer which featured a smooth densely flavorful spinach curry and buttery paneer. My friend got a chickpea dish which wasn't quite as good, but it's hard to beat Sagg Paneer. The atmosphere was also nice, not a hole in the wall feel, the nann was floury, and the service was attentive.
So hopefully that person has gotten a hand job by now because I certainly got enough foodgasms while eating at his/her restaurant. Congrats!Yeah !!! Indian food delivered right to your door (by a cute guy) right in fishtown..... wow- times have changed. Tiffin is awesome, you can order online or call (duh) and pay for it by credit card you know sometimes you just don't have the cash but you need yourself some chicken tikka. Great food, if my daughter had her way, we would get it every damn day. Our favorite Chicken Tikka Masala is so rich creamy savory and just the right spiciness. Save the sauce for naan dipping - pure heaven!Let me preface with saying I have eaten here and enjoyed the food.  There is nothing I love more from here than the butter chicken or so I thought....  I have been eating at plenty of tiffins around the Philadelphia area to know how their different dishes are supposed to taste.  I have tried both the chicken tikka masala and the butter chicken enough to know they are not the same dish chicken or sauce.  Today I received three dishes all chicken tikka masala with two of them labeled as butter chicken.  When I called to figure out the problem because I knew this was not the butter chicken I had in the past I was told they are the same sauce just different cuts of chicken.  I know this to be untrue and the man that answered the phone continued to argue with me on this matter.  I will not be ordering from here ever again and the lack of customer service I received was atrocious.Good Indian food, and delivery!  It might only be on the Tiffin Etc menu, but I love the Lamb Kati Roll.  Its basically the Lamb Seekh Kabob (also awesome) wrapped in a tasty flatbread.  Lipti Subzi is good for an all veggie dish, although the amount of paneer in each serving seems to really vary each time we order.  Aloo Papa Chaat (sp?) is also wonderful.  It has chickpeas, and yogurt, and some kind of crispy layer.. yum.  Served cold and very fresh tasting.  The Butter chicken and Shrimp Curry are good, and pretty much as you would expect.  All of the naan is good/fine, but you should definitely get a piece of peshawari naan for dessert.  (a nut & honey filled naan).  Things that could be a litttttle better at Tiffin:  Delivery time.  Sometimes were talking an hour and a half, conservatively.  Secondly, it'd be nice if they labeled the accompaniments they serve.  We often have no idea what the accompaniment is.  Other than that, this place is pretty consistently awesome...Hey, Yelp, you let me down. I'd been wanting to try Tiffin thanks to all the glowing reviews I'd heard. One night after another long day of work, I called Tiffin instead of my usual mainstay-- Ekta. 
I was sadly disappointed. First, not only was the food over half an hour late, they got my order wrong. No, I didn't report it. It was past 9pm when I finally got my food and I was so famished I barely made it outside to find the driver. I got the lamb rogan josh and samosas. I also ordered naan but that was left off my order and replaced by onion baji, which i didn't want. The flavors didn't pop like I expected them to. Hey, I admit I'm not an Indian food guru, but after other food I've had elsewhere it wasn't the same.
Back to Ekta I go. For good.I went there with my boyfriend with a voucher for a three course meal for two. No one in the restaurant knew how to deal with it and the manager was very rude and unprofessional about it. We were the only ones in the restaurant for an hour until another couple came in with the same voucher. The rude male manager was very pissed about it and used crude language as if we weren't within earshot of the tiny establishment. He still tried to overcharge us on our dinner even though the waitress understood the voucher. It took a lot of explaining to get our rightful deal. We ended up OK but was highly disturbed by the lack of professionalism displayed by the manager. It's a shame because we enjoyed the food a lot but the whole experience was not worth saving my money.The five star rating says it all! This is as good as it gets! 
After living in the city for over 4 years, I had serious doubts as to whether there was decent Indian food in this city. My friends introduced me to Tiffin and there will no longer be terrible Indian food eaten in my home! They deliver, which is excellent. No matter what we order, I am never disappointed. Each and every experience with Tiffin is fun adventure. 
You will be equally as impressed - try the butter chicken or the saag. Their monthly specials are a real treat as well.delicious butter chicken..check
tasty chicken tikka... check
the best lamb saaag ..check
I would skip the onion bhaji (too greasy and fried a bit too hard for my taste) and i have had better naan, but it does not matter as long as you can dip it in the lovely sauces. I can not handle  the hot stuff cuz I am soft, but everything I have had still has plenty of flavor. It is a BYOB w/ a small and simple dining room, but they deliver all over philadelphia so why bother. They also have the best dressed delivery people I have ever seen if that matters to u. I have been scolded by some of my indian colleagues claiming tiffin does not serve true indian food. Indian shmidian it still makes a fine meal.Tiffin is the joint.  My little slice of heartburn heaven floating on a piece of Na'an.
I really wish them well with their success, their purchase and rehab of their building - it is really totally deserved.Used to be good. Not anymore. I've had numerous bad experiences including both dishes ordered tasting like they forgot to salt and asking for medium spice (twice!) and getting mild...and when you are getting delivery you can't really send it back without a big hassle. I'm done. Also very disappointed they got rid of their extended bread menu and Lipti Subzi. Oh well. In my opinion all the best Indian is in West Philly.We really enjoyed Tiffin. Two of us are in our mid-twenties took my younger sister here when she came out to Philly to visit. Waiters are very nice and helpful (props to anyone who can keep my water glass full), and the bill was not hard on the wallet. But even with out those two points the food we ate was very good, not to heavy but didn't feel like they were leaving anything out! We got the tikki masala chicken, the butter chicken and the vegetarian chic pea entrees (all good but thought the tikki masala was the best). The naan comes to your table so warm and doughy it makes the trip worth it itself. Overall we were very impressed and plan on going back againThis is definitely  the best Indian Food we have had in Philadelphia so far!
We ordered  take out and they had it ready to go within 20 Minutes. The Rice and Cheese dumplings were tasty, but I would try something else from the menu next time as far as appetizers go. 
We ordered Chicken Korma and the Chicken Tikka Masala which both were absolutely amazing...we found them to be tastier than Ekta. If you like spicy I would ask them to kick it up a notch. 
Overall, Tiffin was a great experience and we will definitely be going back soon!Since first ordering from Tiffin in April 2008, each experience gets more disappointing. Yes, some items are really delicious, but many are not--too watered down, too cold, etc.  Today, my order was completely wrong--the main tiffin item and a side was completely missing, on top of being delivered 40 min after my 11-12pm window. And, again, everything was cold. So, I had a bland lunch of cold rice, beans, and 2 packages of spicy pickles. Great.....................
They just lost a customer, and they can keep my $7.50 credit--anyone want it?I came here for the first time with some friends.  If you want some yummy Indian curry, come here.  I havent had any Indian food before so I didnt know what to expect.  However, I was very satisfied with all the different curry selections that they had.  My only complaint was that the service was slow....even the talking turtle from the Comcast commercials would think they're slow!  Our waiter kept on attending to the other tables and forgetting about us (hard to believe since there was approximately 10 of us).  I may try the location in Bryn Mawr as it is much closer than having to drive into Philly.So good, it makes you say "tiffy-tiff, magiff-magiff" after you eat it. Saag Paneer amazing.Had tiffin on one of the day's me and bf were moving into our apartment. Great Indian cuisine and service. We ate in and were catered to. Great food and great drinks. The nan was cooked perfectly and the vegetarian dishes we had were good and flavorful. 
The waiter was always there when we needed water or plates or anything really.
Good pricing too! 
I recommend trying it at least once if you're looking for good portions of Indian food for good prices. 
Nice atmosphere and nice people!their take-out service is great!
i can't get enough of their papri chaat. it's so refreshing, and it serves as an amazing contrast with their hot curries & toasty naan.
their samosas are a bit on the unimpressive side, rather weak in flavor and much too soft. but they serve their purpose! their mango chutney does wonders to their samosas.
will definitely order from tiffin for a family dinner soon.Gotten take-out from here twice now with good results both times -- tasty with decently sized portions. Food was ready when I got there and I was literally in-and-out. Spice levels were perfect. Atmosphere, shmatmosphere. If I can get consistently good food with a variety of menu items, I'm all in.My boyfriend and I ordered delivery from Tiffin for dinner last night, and it was really, really good.  It's hard to find good Indian food.  It arrived fresh, hot, labeled (so we knew whose dish was whose), and on time.  They don't have the best Indian food I've ever eaten, but it was pretty darn good - probably the best I've had in Philly.
My boyfriend got a spicy lamb dish, and I got chicken korma.  We also got these really yummy appetizers - fried dumplings stuffed with raisins and such.  Good stuff.  My chicken korma was good, but it was not what I was expecting.  It was more like spicy tikka masala than the usual korma - it was spicy and orange rather than the tan color that korma usually is.  It was good nonetheless, though.  The onion naan was also delicious.  I'll definitely order food from Tiffin again.
You can also order online, which is cool.
UPDATE: This is the best Indian restaurant in Philadelphia, and they have branches now in Mt. Airy, Elkins Park, and Wynnewood, in addition to their initial restaurant on Girard Ave.  I would eat this every day if I could, especially the butter chicken!Fantastic Indian for delivery.  The gents are always well dressed when they deliver, which really isn't a big deal, but they are always prompt which is.  Their online ordering is simple and concise and their menu is awesome with some extra special specials thrown in for good measure.
Try the Chicken Vindaloo if you like it spicy and the Butter Chicken if you don't.  The Samosas are great and the Lasooni Naan is the best.To quote Veronica Corningstone from Anchorman, "God no, it smells like, like a used diaper... filled with... Indian food."  If Indian food were any grosser looking, I'd still love it - especially if it's from Tiffin.
I recently took a trip to London which to my surprise was the Curry Capital of England.  I was shocked at how many Indian restaurants there were - literally two or three to a city block... maybe that's an exaggeration - but a lot.  We tried a few out there and none compared to Tiffin.
I've never ordered and had it delivered, but apparently it's so ridiculously busy that the man on the phone will tell you, "Ok, give it about an hour and a half."  If I'm craving it, I need it faster, so I always pick it up.
The pricing is fair, maybe a little on the high end for ordering take out but everything is so delicious that it's worth it.  My suggestion - Lamb Saag.  If you're worried about the price or have been to Tiffin a few times and want to try other Indian food, go to New Dehli.  It's at 40th and Walnut, 10% student discount, $11 per person buffet and the deserts are like none I've ever had.  We usually get the honey balls... probably because I think it's funny that I ask for balls for desert.  Man... I'll never grow up.5 stars for the food itself, but 0 stars for the delivery. What's going on with Tiffin? It was my go-to, then they stopped answering the phone, and won't accept online orders. It's too bad because the food is so good!We just got delivery tonight (we live in Bella Vista). It was on time and still piping hot when it arrived. Everything was delicious; chana saag, lasooni naan, dhaba chicken. Also came with a huge container of rice, a free bean soup, mango chutney and spicy sauce.my absolutely favorite place in Philadelphia to get Indian food. Their service can be a bit slow for the dining room on certain days, but overall a great experience with absolutely delicious food and hopefully, if you're smart, you'll leave some to take home with you to enjoy later :)I've had Indian food once before, at Palace at the Ben, and I felt that it was meh. Not terrible, but not something worth going back for.
Tiffin changed this for me. I'm pretty sure this is what Indian is supposed to taste like. Butter Chicken, Saag Paneer, Fresh Naan. 
Half what we paid at Palace at the Ben, and 1000 times more delicious.Finally I have experienced Tiffin. It wasn't bad, it wasn't fabulous, but it was pretty good. 
I did the online ordering (which was very easy) and a very friendly, nicely dressed gentleman dropped it off at my work.
I had the malai kofta lunch special (my indian obsession) and naan. The malai kofta was alot different then the others I have had - it had whole cashew nuts in it-and the sauce was awesome.  We got all kinds of rice, vegetables, beans and sauces too. Tons of food!!
Prices were reasonable and overall I was happy with the whole experience. If they delivered to the roxborough area I'd probably be getting take out all the time :)After all the hype about Tiffin- it was the highest rated indian restaurant in Zagat, and the opinion on Yelp seems to be more of the same, I was THOROUGHLY DISAPPOINTED.  I've been to many indian restaurants and eat indian food about twice a week and I must say I don't quite understand why people think this place is so great.  
We started out with an appetizer- Aloo Papri Chat.  The chutneys were extremely watered down, and it was totally overgarnished with cilantro.  I couldn't even finish this food.  
Next up was the main dish- I had ordered Saag Paneer- medium spicy, it showed up mild and bland with the spinach not shredded enough and only about 5 cubes of paneer.  My boyfriend ordered the Malai Kofta spicy and it was just average.  
Overall, very subpar compared to other indian restaurants we've been to.  I don't think we'll be returning.
Go to Karma instead.holy crap.  this is probably the only reason i would ever want to live in philly.  hands down the best curry i've had in the east coast.  can't wait to devour another one of their curries next time i'm in town!  also, it's freaking BYOB!  totally awesome...yeah...you should go there.Just went to Tiffin after hearing great things about it. Pretty glad that I did. After some of the good Indian restaurants closed in Center City, Indian left my diet a bit. I thought it best to not eat it, then eat bad Indian. However, the tables have turned again. Tiffin brings what I consider to be a moderately priced menu (40 for two? w/ App & Drinks) to a relatively accessible location. The environment is nice for an Indian restaurant. (It's interesting how often I'll allow small ethnic places to have shit decor, where a BYO laden in IKEA would just not do) and the food was fresh. Check it out!I've been to countless Indian restaurants and because this wasn't the best I have been too, unfortunately a 3 is the best it can be. To other people this might be a 5 as the meat is very flavorful (but eventually gets flat) and the biryani is light and equally flavorful. Its probably a bit spicy for some who don't like spicy food but its worth the flavor. This place might have been better before but its not so bad right now.I ordered some takeout from Tiffin last week with a couple of friends.  Delivery was pretty quick considering it was coming to Fitler Square.  This was an evening meal and was from the full menu, it wasn't the tiffin option.  I really want to try this though, it looks great value and hopefully I can convince a few people at the office to come in and get above the $10 delivery minimum.
Anyway, less noodling and back to the review.  This is without doubt the best Indian food that I've had in Philadelphia.  Sure, it isn't the cheapest but a couple of dollars more for food of this quality is definitely worth it.  It is the only Indian I have yet to try that is in anyway authentic.
I had the Lamb Rogan Josh which was just the right side of spicy.  A friend had the Lamb Korma.  Without doubt, it was the best Korma I have ever had.  No disgusting colour, just a beautifully creamy sauce and great chunks of lamb.
We also got the daily accompaniment.  This was a little strange, as there was nothing telling us what it was and it wasn't immediately obvious.  It was very nice though but unfortunately I won't be able to order it again!
All in all, I'm going for 4 stars at the moment as I need at least one more go to check for consistency of quality.  Expect an upgrade to 5* fairly soon.Very good Indian food most of the time, but there have been a couple of times we have been very disappointed - the food quality is a little inconsistent. Overall solid Indian food as long as you pick the right items on the menu. (i.e. the veggie appetizers are not very good, neither is their lassi; the chicken appetizers and entrees are usually quite good).
Prices are reasonable, and its BYO which is always a plus.Tiffin is helped in the ratings by the fact that there are not a lot of Indian delivery options available in Philadelphia.  
Their menu is pretty standard Indian delivery fare, and our orders usually rotate around the chicken versions of vindaloo, tikka masala, korma, and tandoori preps.  All of these have been OK, but I find most of their food to be quite bland.  Even their highest spice level doesn't actually register as spicy on my palate.  I often find myself ordering everything at the highest spice level just to get it to taste like something.  Dishes that are intended to be mild tend to taste like nothing.  "Mild" should not, by definition, mean "flavorless".  Additionally, the portions are on the small side for prices that are not exactly cheap.
While not outstanding, the food itself would probably have Tiffin at an adequate 3 stars in my book.  A star is lost for delivery and service issues.  Delivery usually takes over an hour, which I could plan for and forgive if the food did not suffer for it.  Our last two orders have arrived cold, as in "had to microwave the food" cold.  Our last delivery order took over two hours.  The delivery guy could not find our house and, instead of calling, just drove around aimlessly until we called the restaurant.  The guy (whom we had already tipped on credit card) then suggested my husband go meet him at his car instead of actually bringing the food the last three blocks to our house.  A rejection of this offer did get the food delivered to our door, but without much of an apology.  Our poor naan had steamed in its foil and then cooled into an irrevocably inedible rubber disk.After reading the reviews on Tiffin I was anxious to give the place a try.  I ordered chicken tandoori, vegetable samosa(comes as 2 per order) and garlic naan for takeout. The smells wafting in as I entered the building were enough to convince me I was in for a potential treat. The service staff was swamped with orders when I came, so it did take a couple of minutes to pick up my order. 
 Once home I began to devour the vegetable samosas. Both were tasty and of decent size. The fillings had some spice, though not quite as much as I"m used to. I suppose maybe I should have asked for more, but after an experience with a Korean restaurant and some spicy squid that left me singing Johnny Cash's "Ring of Fire" while I was in the bathroom for the next day, i figured that restraint was in order.  The garlic naan had some good taste to it, but seemed a little chewy. I think it had been sitting around for a little while. 
The chicken tandoori was very tender and yet very flavorful.  The portion size was just about right.  I don't think it was too spicy, though right now my sinuses are running, which is usually a good sign as far as spice goes. Overall  I had a very nice dinner from Tiffin. I'll probably stop by again on another rainy Saturday night and try the chicken tikka masala.
Post trip note: I've been back twice now and the chicken tikka masala and the chicken tandoori are both excellent choices. Also I really liked the Garlic Bhadji.It wasn't the food that was the problem for me, it was the service. The food was delicious. When I walked in the restaurant, it was three men looking at me like they saw a ghost. I said hello, they said hi back. They asked me was I ordering to-go,  I told them I was eating in. I told when they have me the menu, they asked me what would I like. That's when I told them that I'm new to Indian cuisine. Except for telling me about the food, he just said let me know when you're ready. I ordered the chili chicken to start with, which was delicious. He never asked how was my appetizer or anything. He just sat down with his co worker and rolled silverware. When I was almost done my appetizer I had to say excuse, so I could get his attention. He came over and didn't say anything so I asked for the curry lamb. He walk away without saying anything and put in the order about 10 minutes later he comes back with my entrée, placed it on the table and walked away with out say anything. While I ate my food he never checked on me or asked how was my food. I asked him for a to-go box. He took my food and put and to-go ware, along with the check. Once again he didn't say anything. So I payed for. My food and left. Oh! He did manage to say thank you when I left. Im really big and customer service, especially since I'm a customer representative, and Im former waitress. And the service was horrible, they will not get my money again.Woohoo! This definitely fulfilled my craving for Indian food. While the place isn't located in the best location, don't be fooled by rough exterior. I came here for lunch and found the restaurant to be quite empty (yes! faster food!). Well, I thought I'd get faster food but the service here was actually really slow (esp if there was only one other table being served besides ours).
Besides that fact, the food was great! I love the butter chicken and aloo golbi (sp?) here. The flavors were good and it was plentiful. Prices were okay... about  $10 per plate. I don't recommend getting the skewers appetizer though because it's not worth the price.The food is mostly good however I do have some issues about their consistency. Atleast with me, it seems to be a hit or a miss depending on who is working. Also, some of their business practices are not too much fun to deal with. I was very disappointed when I went to buy some because the gift cards are set to expire in 3 months! They used to have a 6 month expiration. I asked to talk a manager and I was told there was not a manager then and I would need to come back. Given that I eat there 3-4 times a month, they really are not rewarding customer loyalty.
They lost more than half my order on gift cards due to the policy change. It is their business to lose I guess.I ordered the Dhaba Chicken and Naan Bread. 
Let me first just say that, I wish I could take back the $5 tip I gave the delivery driver, He called me "babe" about three times when I answered the door. Precursor for disappointment? Maybe.
I've had every kind of curry there is, some good and some bad. This definitely isn't the worst, but definitely nowhere close to the best. 
The chicken is dry, probably due to them cutting it into chunks and over cooking it, and THEN adding the curry sauce to it right before it was packaged for delivery. BIG NO NO. I like my curry chicken to marinate in the curry, resulting in fully flavorful, moist chicken. The curry itself isn't spicy enough for me, but thats no biggie, it is pretty delicious, maybe lacking in in the texture department, but I wont tear it apart for that. The naan bread however, is amazingly delicious, moist and warm. 
Oh well... 
Maybe some single girl out there will blush when the delivery guy calls her "babe" multiple times someday...Stopped by Tiffin on the way home from work last night to pick up some dinner. The food was organized very well and even labeled. (Even came with condiments in their own small containers). My boneless lamb was excellent and just spicy enough. 
Their website is VERY informative and you can even place your order on there.
Will definitely be getting this in the future and hopefully turning some people onto it.When tiffin opened up a few years ago you could tell that the cook was trying his best to impress you and get you to come back.  Now like every other successful business its watered down, expensive and does not tantalize your taste buds.  The pizza is either a hit or a miss but you should try it because its made fresh when you order it  and its cheap as well.  This place is popular with non Indians but rarely do i ever see any Indians in here.  Think about that for a few.     The saag is more tomato paste than spices and it just tastes bland.  Delivery is great but I would rather just spend the the same amount of money and go somewhere where I am satisfied.  
Bottom Line-  It's getting expensive,  the pizza is worth the try , delivery is great if you are desperate for over inflated food,  not the best but deff not the worst place.i have not dined inside, but it has to speak volumes that their delivery food is some of the best indian food i have ever had. A must try for Indian food loversMost Indian restaurants don't serve fresh ingredients.  Tiffin is the only one that comes close. I order it all the time.  The guy who picks up the phone doesn't speak English all that well. Ordering is pain in the ass. He asks for your info over and over.   They don't pay attention to loyal customers. Bit oblivious about making special requests like ... "I love the complimentary soup, can I order that as main dish"... The guy will simply say .. No. We don't have it... Wake up! Here is your chance to add items to menu that taste great.  PS.  This is the only Indian place where tandoori chicken is da bomb.  And yes I'm Indian.it is with great sadness i remove one star.  i don't know if they are overworked with the opening of the new location or just got too busy and are pandering to the average eater now, but my food was not spicy and rather bland compared to tiffin orders of the past.
i am going to give them the benefit of the doubt, and try them one more time to see if they were having an 'off' week - however that was really a three-star meal i had. 
tiffin, get it together!  remember what made you so popular, and i hope you can get back to that.  indian food across philly, at least everything i've tried, has ranged from bland to terrible.  the western suburbs (wayne, paoli) have MUCH better indian food options, and i work in that area so i won't hesitate to satisfy my indian food cravings elsewhere if need be!The food was pretty good. I'll give them that. But it was a Friday night, and first of all, the place was full, and incredibly noisy. Second, since it was June, it was murderously hot, and there is no A/C. It had to be at least eighty degrees in the dining area. Third, the service was mediocre. It took forever for our order to arrive at our table. And finally, since they do a take-out business. in addition to the people seated at tables, there was also a crowd of about fifteen people just standing there in the middle of the floor waiting to pick up their orders. It was like eating in the middle of a mob. No, thanks.Tiffin is delicious! The space is simple and clean looking, the kitchen is open and always buzzing with activity.
The food is as beautiful as it is tasty each dish arriving in a small gold colored bowl perfect for passing around the table so that you can share with friends.
The 5th star is missing because every time I've walked into Tiffin the staff at the counter looks as if they've never seen a customer before. 
How did they get here? What do they want? Why do they look so hungry??
Last time I was there I had to ask for a table that could seat 7, admittedly; we should have called earlier in the day but it was a last minute choice for a birthday dinner. I asked politely and apologized for not giving notice. There was little response and then almost all of the employees stood there with me by the counter surveying their restaurant as if it was the first time any of us had seen it. 
In the end they had to ask a seated diner if he'd be willing to switch to another table, I apologized to man for the inconvenience but, that said, Tiffin had seated the man at a 6-top instead of the 2-top that was right next to it. After all was said and done our meal was wonderful and the price can't be beat either! When the food is as good as it is at Tiffin you would think the staff would be used to seeing actual paying customers.Based on its reviews (and raves from friends), I expected a great meal at Tiffin.  Sadly the food was only average.  The rice was kind of dry, the sauces were a bit watery and the flavor was pretty mediocre.  I have eaten at several Indian restaurants in the city that are far superior, albeit more pricey. It's worth trying once - but not more than that. Next time I have a hankering for Indian, I'll hit the Palace at the Ben, which never lets me down!Decent takeout Indian, but a little pricey given the location and portion sizes. We've liked just about everything we tried, but the prices drop this from 4 to 3 stars.I have always loved the food there. So full of flavor and you can tell its fresh made. I ordered online and it was ready on time for pick up.Given how many reviews are already up, I'll share what I think are the basics of Tiffin's zeal.
1) Great to eat-in there. It's byob. The atmosphere is quiet and Philly-Pretty with exposed brick in the top floor of an old (sort-of) row house on Girard Ave.
2) Malai Kofta. Veg dish with okra in it. Both really good.
3) They deliver. 
I've only had their veg dishes. All of them have been excellent. The Malai Kofta, Saag Paneer are always good classics. They sometimes have really good monthly specials as well.I originally wrote a review of the horrible service I had, but the new manager contacted me after reading my review, and asked if I would give it another try if he offered a gift card. I was dubious, but he assured me that the restaurant was under new management, etc., etc.  
I finally ordered today--delivery again, which took 1 hour and 15 minutes, which seems completely reasonable given how far from the restaurant we were. The food was really good (as it was last time too). There were no problems with the delivery/ordering. I didn't tell the restaurant why I had the gift card nor did I order from the same phone number, but I suppose they could have given me "special" treatment.
**original review**
This is concerning delivery: I kept hearing great things about Tiffin, so we had a large order for a lunch meeting. However, the service was horrible. 
I called in the order in the morning, and the guy who took it seemed both annoyed that he was taking an order and also like he didn't care. 
We were meeting at 2 pm, and so we asked for it to be delivered by 1:50. I had to repeat this several times as he kept repeating 1:30, so I just gave up. So, I received a call at 12:45 from the delivery driver saying he was here. I called to talk to Tiffin, and the guy was unapologetic. I said that the food would be cold by the time of our meeting as well as that it might not be safe to eat if the food was made well in advance of it being delivered. He kept asking us to just take the food. I was so outraged. When I said, "So we're paying full price for cold food?" He simply replied, "Yes." When I asked him to remake it, he said the delivery driver would have to come back, they'd reheat it, and then drive again and it'd be delivered by 2:20.  So, the food is here an hour ahead of time. While it's tasty now, it'll be cold by  the time others eat it.I (finally) signed up just so that I could write a glowing review for this restaurant. It is seriously good stuff. I am mostly disappointed that no one has yet mentioned the Malai Kofta. These dumplings in sauce made with cashew cream are divinely delicious. I could wax poetic for some time, but  will leave it at that. The Saag Paneer is also fantastic and a beautiful green color with a very fresh flavor.
I can also highly recommend Dal Makhani (I think my next-door neighbor eats this at least once a week) and Aloo Gobhi, but stay away from the Aloo Vindaloo unless you can tolerate incredibly spicy foods.
One odd thing- I swear the Fish Kail Mirch (an appetizer) was completely different the two times I ordered it. The first time it was whole pieces of fish, nicely spiced; the second it was disappointingly flavored mushy fried patties.
I agree with the other comments about decor- it's not got the nicest ambiance. But hey, delivery is fast, the food is still hot, and you don't even have to leave your living room. Highly recommended.My girlfriend and I ordered take out from Tiffin for the first time last night. We got Paneer Makhani and some naan (one garlic order and one cheese order). The main dish was certainly good enough but no where near the best I've had. Interestingly, I haven't really had a GREAT Paneer Makhani dish in Philadelphia yet. Tiffin and Ekta are both good but no where close to Cafe Bombay in Bristol and Indian Garden in Yardley. 
The naan was also pretty good, especially when dipped into the makhani sauce. 
Overall, I would say it definitely suffices if you have a craving for Indian.Acceptable. Good ingredients, nice presentation, reasonable prices and nice dining room for BYOB nights. The servers seem to mess up my order half the time, I mean they actually bring me the wrong dish. The cooks never make my food spicy enough. 
Nice for a first date or hanging out with a friend who wants to go out somewhere. If you've got the option to stay at home, get your takeout from Sahara. It's only two blocks up Girard.the food was awesome! 
this was my first time at an Indian Restaurant, and i ordered something that sounded safe, but it was amazing (cashew chicken curry). i even ran out of rice and they gave us extra  to take home with the leftovers.  Ka-ching! 
our appetizers were really flavorful and they brought out multiple sauces, all of which were amazing with anything we dipped in them.  dont underestimate the toxic green sauce, its worth taking that risk. 
there's also a Tiffin near my house and i will be making my way back when i need a break from boring.My consumption of butter chicken, naan, and cauliflower is but a blur of hand over fist shoveling into mouth.  It is the best Indian food I've ever eaten.  Five stars is almost an insult.
High quality food, large portions, low prices, and occasional "extras" thrown in with your order (I received a side order of lentils which are out of this world).  
They will deliver in the traditional "tiffin" style for lunch or dinner, or you can order take out or dine in.  It's worth the hike to Northern Liberties.
I ordered one meat dish, one vegetarian dish, rice and naan.  There was enough food for 2-3 meals.  Everything is nicely labeled in the containers.  And did I mention the delicious blend of savory goodness?
I can't wait to go back.  Maybe tomorrow.
Edit: I did go back within a week and had the chicken tikka masala (I know I know not a real Indian dish like chop suey is to Chinese)-- IT WAS DELISH.  GO NOW.Awesome Indian! Fantastic tikka masala, tandoori, samosas, etc. The place is pretty small, so you may not get at table right away, but it's worth the wait.It took forever to get the food. This is the second time this happened to me. They are absolutely not helpful on the phone either. 
If you want to wait for an hour and 30 minutes for your order go ahead and also the food was cold!Good food but very bad service. I called to complain about how they mess up the deliveries almost every time and got yelled at my the manager Surinder Singh. He was rude and almost abusive. I had to complain to the manager at Tashan (same owner). I hope they take action against this person.Sitting at tiffin eating their unbelievable lamb chops...you must eat these. So most and flavorful. Sadly though their tikka masala is watery and lacks flavor and they don't give you those awesome cracker things when you sit down. Oh and also its freezing in here! Well be back for lamb chops only!I don't care if the food is great or not...waiting 2hrs for delivery is just ridiculous.I finally went to Tiffin on 12/25, breaking with the tradition of my people, who usually celebrate the birth of Jesus with Chinese food.  So at least one person was taken in by the subtle "Hey, Jew, we're open on Christmas" email.  Marketing genius.
Anyway, on to the food, which was really spot on.  All the dishes were flavorful and nicely prepared.  Actually going all the way to Girard---which seems like half way to Princeton, even if it isn't---means the food is also hot and takes less than 45 minutes to get there.
The bottom line is that Tiffin's food is great, even against the standard of India House in Northampton, MA.  If they opened a branch in Center City, I'd go way more often.A++ for food as always, BUT delivery is ALWAYS 1 1/4 HOURS!!! Tiffin has lost so much business from us because of this. We order a few times every year in hopes the delivery time will improve but it NEVER does!! We would order more often if the delivery was better. food is amazing though.What a disappointment . What happened to Tiffin? We have been going to Tiffin bistro recently because we can walk there but always preferred the choice and atmosphere at the original location....so we decided to drive over and were really shocked by the reduced sized dining room and a reduced sized menu missing the classic staples we came for and instead things like " sloppy joes" and "chocolate lava cake and creme brule". An enthusiatic waitress and a decent birayani couldn't counteract the feeling of a dying depressing business.....that is sliding into mediocre americanized pap.
Sad....is this change at all locations?My first experience with Indian food was in college. It was in a "foods of the world" class that my friend had snuck me into. An owner of a local Indian restaurant had brought in a buffet for the class to taste, along with coupons for all the students. I was hooked on the spices, rich sauces and the rice! Everything was so flavorful! The Indian buffet at the restaurant we went to was an incredible deal and allowed us to taste almost everything on the menu. 
Since then, I always have had a love of Indian cuisine, but have had a hard time finding others who share this passion with me. When the option is Indian or something else, the something else always seems to win. I also find when dining at an Indian restaurant, the decor and service always seems very formal. There are white tablecloths, servers wearing white button up shirts, etc. 
Tiffin is one of the first places I ate when first moving to the city. The decor is simple with brightly colored walls, simple furniture, and great food. This was in direct contrast to the darkly lit, dark wood, white tablecloth Indian places I'm used to. The food was also a little different (the butter chicken is the reddest I've ever seen), but so very good. We just stopped in for lunch on a rainy day so we kept it simple with an onion fried appetizer and the never disappointing butter chicken.not very impressed. i tried their equivalent of chicken curry (forgot what they labeled it as)...not good. mom makes it much better. my friends got different chicken dishes, all were just ok. also, the food took a very long time to come out.The chicken tikka pizza and lamb pizzas are amazing!! Way better than other pizza joints. The pricing is excellent. Expedient delivery and customer satisfaction are very important to this establishment. Highly recommend this one if you're craving Indian/Pakistani cuisine!Ordered delivery while very very ill. Waited over an hour and received a call that "the car broke." You couldn't have told me that ASAP and or stopped accepting deliveries/find a way to get the last one out??? Posting this as I'm starving and developed a headache from being so hungry. Everywhere around me has since closed because it's too late now. NOT COOL. better be refunded ASAP.My Tiffin habit is getting to be an addiction. We haven't had any issues with the food or the service, so I'm surprised to see some of the negative reviews. We do both delivery and takeout and the food is always hot and freshly prepared, and the employees are always very polite. Our go to orders include the chili chicken appetizer, the malai kofta, saag paneer or butter masala.Order delivery, 1st the delivery guy went to a completely different address took the food almost 2 hours to arrive. Then when it gets here the mango lassi drink is spilled over the entire order and half the order is wrong. Call the restaurant they say I can't eat any of the food and have to wait (that's fine I get that) takes another hour for the food to get here at this point my girlfriends already finished and getting ready for bed finally it gets here wrong again. I call them apparently, and they'll send it out again another hour goes. Y and the food gets here.... Wrong again are you kidding me? I call them apparently they don't even what I order..... If the food was at least good i wouldn't have minded but this place would not even pace for mediocre. They didn't refund me any of the money apologize or anything. Don't noot ever order take out. I don't know about eat in but delivery  the 2nd worst delivery experience ever .We have been to Tiffin several times.  If we had written this review before our most recent visit, we probably would have given them 5 stars.  The food was always delicious and authentic, providing enough heat and flavour.
However, during our last visit we found our dishes to be bland and lacking in the signature heat that Indian cuisine is known for.  This lack of heat was also missing from an order we specifically ordered to be extra-spicy.
Hopefully this experience was an one-off.  We will most likely return for another visit.Tiffin is our go-to Indian take-out and delivery place.  It is conveniently located at 7th and Girard and there is always parking available on the block so you can run in to pick up your food.  Everything we have tried has been delicious so you really can't go wrong.   I love their eggplant dish. They provide you with a lot of chutneys and condiments as a bonus.  They are very gluten-free conscious if you tell them in advance, they will make sure that everything you order is gluten free.  Everything is delicious!!Chicken vindaloo. It's pretty damn delicious. I forget how large their portions are, and had to take a majority of it home when I ordered it with an order of samosas and naan. For someone with a healthy appetite, I could feed two of myself for less than $20 with tip? Fantastic.
So not only was everything good when it came to the table [some friends got the tikki masala], but it tasted even better days later when I was looking for something to grub on. The spices got to settle a bit into the chicken and potatoes, and HOTDAMN, it was amazing. I mean, I was licking the bowl when I was finished to keep the high going. [sigh] Until we meet again, Tiffin, I'll just have to make my own.Tiffin is a very good indian food restaurant for takeout. It's fairly well priced and does the indian essentials very well (Chicken marsala, etc. etc. etc.). Try the shrimp curry, it's fantastic. 
Forget about getting the food delivered though. It's always taken about an hour to get my food, or more, and I live fairly close by. Great for takeout though. It looks like they have a nice little dining area too, but I've never eaten in. 
I've never tried the online ordering, but I have a feeling it's sketchy.Good food, ample, free street parking. Very nice decor and the food was good as well. Their roti was fresh and tasty, and chicken tika massala was very good and tasty as well - very tender chicken. We'll definitely be back.Not good. I ordered aloo gobhi (potatoes and cauliflower), samosas, and some naan bread to be delivered and was underwhelmed by all of it. The Indian food truck on campus tastes better and the prices are much better also. 
The gobhi tasted like oil, there's no other way to put it. It was flavorless and cold when it arrived. I know Indian food is often made with ghee, and I've never tasted that by itself, but what I had comes close if I were to imagine it. 
The samosa filling was mushy and any vegetables were indistinguishable. The naan was burned and steamed at the same time, an impressive feat. I ended up throwing my whole $20 meal out after a few bites. 
Delivery man didn't bother coming to the door. Had to walk a block in the pouring rain with the flu... won't be ordering again. 
Not giving a bad review to hurt the business, only as a warning to others and with the hope that they can do better.Honestly this place is borderline terrible.  This is what happens when they take an authentic Indian restaurant and turn it into a chain restaurant and put them on every street corner, then hire people that are not even Indian to cook the food.  And $3 for one Naan?!  Hahaha I ordered this and I looked at it and I was like wow one piece for $3 are you kidding me.Dear Tiffin:  You blew it.  I came to redeem my Groupon for spices mid afternoon hoping to get some advice on Indian cooking.  The young attendant pointed me to array of spices.  He was unsmiling, offered no help and spoke few words when I asked for pungent suggestions.
I even asked about your new location and got a simple "yeah".  
I was ready to buy more, learn more and be a future diner. Shame,  I read rave reviews.  But i left with a bad taste.Great&fresh indian food.  Delivery is always perfect and fast.  Love this place.  I've eaten everything on the menu. Never had a bad dish!I've been here once for dinner and once for take out.  Both times the food quality was excellent.  It takes some effort to get there since I'm in South Philly, but was worth it both times.  For the dine-in experience, we forgot to bring a libation, and there really aren't any nearby places to buy beer or wine.  We ended up buying a full case of beer at a beer store up the street.  We arrived pretty early on a "school" night.  I think we were the first table for dinner, so it felt a little strange...not knowing if the restaurant was empty because of the off-the-beaten-path location, or the food quality, or the time of day.  But the staff was very friendly and welcoming.  The decor was pleasant, well above average for a medium-priced Indian Restaurant.  We got a table by the window and ordered mango lassees, Chicken Tikka Masala and Butter Chicken.  The portions were large and very tasty!!  More recently, we enjoyed our take order of Chicken Tikka Masala (it's a favorite) and were equally satisfied.  You can tell the owner/manager really care.  My only wish is that Tiffin were in a more convenient location.  Will definitely be back!!Dear Tiffin:
You used to be my favorite Indian restaurant in Philadelphia until I ordered the lamb vindaloo, which was rather bland (I'm exercising selective memory and forgiving you for the time I tried the pizza at Tiffin Etc). Or maybe it was chicken vindaloo (see, it was so immemorable that I don't even remember what I ordered). Seriously, Tiffin, the saag paneer that my girlfriend ordered had more kick to it than my vindaloo. I know I'm a white guy, but c'mon. You still might be my favorite Indian restaurant in town (which admittedly doesn't mean much since there's not a great Indian restaurant in town). I'll just remember to not order the vindaloo from now on.Great take out! Don't dine in!! It is meant to be primarily take out and based on that it lives up to its expectation. But compared to its fine dining sister Tashan, she's the redheaded stepchild!Tiffin how I love thee. Your filling servings and random "accompaniment" that hasn't changed in a while. None the less on a day when you want something with a different kinda spice you always answer. You even deliver for a $15/min order. The butter chicken is one of my stomachs favorite pre-nap time foods. I am no Indian food expert but I know good food when it enters my mouth. I have never ventured off the Butter Chicken / Chicken Tikka Masala  "shhhhh I think their the same thing" I would highly recommend tiffin... It doesn't get 5 stars...because, well let's face it I don't just throw out 5 stars like new jersey throws out un-employment checks.LOVE the food at Tiffin.  Definitely my favorite reasonably priced Indian Restaurant in Philly.  No problems there.
Couple things they could improve on:
Delivery speed - They have a larger delivery radius than most other places that deliver, but it usually takes at least an hour.  At least they are honest about it.
Decor - looks a bit sparse in there
Price - well, I doubt they'll lower the prices. But one can always hope.Has anyone got a poppadom the size of Lake Michigan? This stuff is really good. In some nerdy circles I may be known as the Vinadaloo Beast (half psychotic woman, half Indian vindaloo). 
I often fancy a spicy vindaloo and Tiffin delivers to my South Philly hood. It's a nice little deal we have worked out. Well, this is how I came to try Tiffin. 
As I repeat constantly, I request that our dishes be made extra, extra hot and spicy. I dug my chicken vindaloo, though next time I may hafta to add some additional pleas for EXTRA hot. Supper tasty in any case. Juicy chunks of chicken seemed screamingly white in contrast to the bright red vinegary vindaloo. Mmmm. I also appreciated some tastes of my pal's tikka masala and lamb saag as well. Tasty, tasty as well.
Order extra garlic naan so that no sauces are abandoned. 
We just always get samosas too, cause I'm so conditioned that way. Tiffin's are alright. Our dishes came with "an accompaniment of the day." It was a mysteriously mild lentil dish. 
Normally I'm actually more prone to ordering a feast of many Indian vegetarian main courses. I love vegetables and the wonderful ways that they're prepared throughout the different regions of India. (I lived on Indian food during my many vegetarian years!) So, I'll certainly need to try the some of my ole gobhi aloo and baingan bharta style favorites from Tiffin soon. And I will... 
Delivery Indian food is dope.Ever since Passage to India closed (sob) I've been looking for a great new Indian go-to place. Have sampled quite a large percentage of Tiffin's menu and am happy to say I have effectively filled that void in my life. 
The food is great, but more importantly, this place DELIVERS to SOUTH PHILLY from GIRARD AVE! You gotta love that service! 
I have only had one thing on the menu that I didn't really like, which was the Dhaba Chicken. The sauce was kind of lumpy and (I can't believe I'm saying this) was way too hot. Everything else has been fantastic, however, and they usually include a free mystery "side accompaniment" with my delivery items. The samosas and Malai Kofta are my favorites.We finally got around to trying Tiffin and I'm glad we did. I got the chicken tikka masala and the hubby got BBQ chicken. I crave dipping naan in to the masala sauce, so I was very pleased that it was delicious and up to par with others in the area. The BBQ chicken was good, too, but the hubby def. wanted some sauce (thankfully, I'm a sharer!). 
It was okay, but I doubt we'll go back any time soon. The surrounding area is sketch city.Disgusting! That's one word that comes to my mind while describing this place. One tip: Never order "Indian-chinese" from this place. Ordinary Indian food is OK, and may placate the American taste buds, but not Indian. In other words, I don't know who gave good reviews for this third rated eating house. The management is equally rude. A Sikh guy in turban was managing it while we were there to eat, and when we approached him for some sauce for our food, such as some vinegar, his blunt reply was "we don't provide these things here, it's already inside the food. Go eat it". Some rudeness eh? Disgusting. The worst Indian restaurant in North America.Fantastic Indian food. Had the butter-less butter chicken and chana masala. Also had the naan with dried fruit and nuts. So sooo good. Importantly, remarkably, and surprisingly, I actually felt well hydrated,  functional, and generally alive and not bloated, parched, and immobile. Always a huge plus for Indian takeout.Extremely uninviting employees. Each person behind the counter was rude and seemed disgusted having to deal with customers.Ekta ALL the way.  Sorry Tiffin. 2 stars for the Onion Bhaji and the ambiance.Baked lamb amazing. Spicy with depth and super fresh. Pepper shrimp is also fresh and delicious. Chicken tandoori is bone-in which I don't care for. The chicken kabob app is really good and inexpensive. Chicken vindaloo is good and I always ask for it extra spicy. They offer many varieties of naan and we usually go with chili, onion and garlic. Not as good as Ekta but still pretty damn good.This place is pretty small, however, staff is very nice and the taste of their food is GREAT. You can get mild or spicy one since they ask you which one you like. I am not a big fan of spicy food but their mild butter chicken curry is my favorite.I am a huge lover of biriyani and find myself craving the rice pilaf dish quite frequently. It was a personal mission of mine to find the best biryani after moving back to Philly.
Tiffin's dish has a nice balance of flavors with the spice, chicken, and raisins all complementing each other.  I was extremely happy that they provided me with a side of sliced lime and raw onions, which in my opinion, enhance the overall flavors of the dish.
I will be ordering the dish again!Used to be great when they opened, they have deteriorated over the years.  Their food used to be awesome, now I prefer Ekta.I can only rate the delivery service and food as I know some times restaurants do a better job if you eat in. The tandoor shrimp is $14.00 and you only get 6-7 small ones and maybe some potato as they are inconstant with what comes with this. I think in general the "Tandoor" dishers are over priced for what you get. My daughter likes the chicken tikka and onion bhaji so we keep coming back.  They have messed up a few times and since we are all eating dinner we can't make one wait another hour while you send us another dinner, so it's just sorry have a nice day. It would be nice if they would say "next time when you order you get a free appetizer" or something ... anything. Delivery times vary and it can take over an hour to get your food that now is warm at best. Today I ordered then received a call that it will be over 2 hours!  "Do you still want your order?" No I just want to YELP about it. I can't recommend using them for take out at all, so they get 1 star.