I was disappointed by Time. I went on a Saturday night. There was a long line to get in and then a cover charge I was not aware of. Getting inside there is live music downstairs and recorded music upstairs. In theory, this sounds great, but it was more uncomfortable than anything. The music upstairs was hard to dance to, plus it was so crowded that I kept getting elbowed or beer spilled on me throughout the night. It was so packed I couldn't even try making it to the bar to get a drink. This place was more of a buzzkill than anything else.My family and i waited in a long line that moved fairly fast. Once we got it, it was a $5 cover charge. We paid and went upstairs. The music was decent but it was super crowded. The floors were so sticky they were disgusting. I had to leave. 
My fiance, sister and I went downstairs to whiskey bar instead. This too was super crowded but at least it was more toned down and the floors weren't sticky. We got lucky and scored 3 seats at the bar. We sat there the rest of the night. The bartender was very good and nice. She took very good care of us making sure our drinks were filled and made just how we liked it. 
Needless to say this was not our scene but our time in the whiskey bar wasn't horrible. The service was good and the people were very cool.this review is an ode to old Philadelphia and a spit in the face to the yuppie/hipster town that the city is trying to become....
although I fully appreciate a whiskey bar with real whiskey prices, I kind of miss the affordable diveness that was the pinnacle of gayborhood establishments...
the food (please white people consult a person of color before you offer fried chicken tot he masses) was average at best.  the wings were tender large and in charge but the mussels lacked flavor of any kind.  the burger was basic at best and the fried chicken dinner entrée was depressing.  please is cutely perfect for that awkward first date and serves as a great watering hole to wash tears of ended relationships down but otherwise it is just another ode to the changing landscape of Philadelphia....The new incarnation of Ludwigs! I wonder if the waitresses gave their old uniforms to the new German beer hall on South Street...
The main floor offers two bars, one is a low key, cozy bar with tables to eat with space for musicians to play. The other bar has booths and is in a smaller room....and gets more rowdy. There's third floor bar that isn't usually open, but this spot offers something for everyone.
Oh! And it's one of the only spots in the city that offers "absinthye" or as I call it, abstinence. It's served in a cool glass vial with water and sugar cubes. They have an extensive scotch and whiskey selection as well.
Food's hit or miss. I had the mussels and they were awful, but the scallops and risotto balls were good! So, select your food wisely!
But you'll have a good TIME....wacka, wacka!3.5 is what I would really want to give this place, but I'll round up for the variety of things to do in the different rooms. I can't believe I am barely reviewing this place now--it was one of my favorite places to hang out on weekends, as long as you get there before 10pm because then you'll have to pay a cover, which, I would prefer not to do here. 
The first floor usually has a live band with a couple booths available if you're lucky. The bar in this area is the second best place to get drinks. The atmosphere here is a little more romantic than the other rooms. On the other side is the more "sports-bar" feel. This is a pretty chill place to hang out, with seats lined up and available bartenders. If you're coming in a big group and want to talk, this is the best place to be. The top floor is ridiculous in so many ways! I like to call this area the "sweat room" since it's where everyone is dancing and getting down, which adds to the terrible air circulation up there.--it literally feels like it's a sauna up there.  There's also a bar up here, but I find this the most inconvenient of them all. Overall, if this is a fun place to be.TIME offers a great atmosphere and friendly service- heck even the bouncer is nice. However, it is very crowded and there is little space to enjoy they absinthe drink. Also I am not a fan of the cover charge, as the drinks are pricey.Upon walking in there are two sides, a whiskey bar and a jazz bar. The whiskey bar is is very nice and rustic. Great selection of drinks and knowledgeable staff. The jazz bar is awesome too. A bit more classy and "lounge-y." I was there on a Friday night and there was an awesome New Orleans type band.
If you want a change of scenery you can go upstairs. There was a DJ playing music with a good sized dance floor area
Have been quite a few times and definitely will be back when in the areaTome can be a fun place to go out. I like that there is an upstairs and downstairs - breaking out a more chill area with a dance floor. Drinks are decently priced. Kind of college like to meet people on the dance floor - so that is a pro or con depending on what you are looking for. I havent had to deal with a line which is a big positive for me. And it wasn't overly packed so you can actually talk to people.Very nice ambiance! Were just there for drinks. Exhaustive whiskey list. Live music is a bonusWent with a friend who lives in Philly and goes here often.  The bartenders were awesome. So on top of it. The way a professional bartender should be. We had a delish absinthe drink with the entire spectacle- spoons, sugar, everything. And they band playing on the jazz side was unreal. This is a GREAT Philly hang out!Great music. Always a good crowd. Prices are a bit high, but you are paying for the great tunes. There is a second room for the other type of bar music you would expect to hear at a bar, and younger crowd. But why listen to that when you got live tunes right?We were looking for a jazz place in Philly that was family friendly for our 16yo to join us. 'Time' didnt disappoint. Our daughter loved the Jazz Jam Session that evening with us and the food/service was extraordinary!Ate dinner here on a Saturday night.  Had a reservation and they had our table for us as soon as we got there, i know crazy, a restaurant actually not making you wait for you reservation.   The atmosphere in the dining area is great.  Dark room, chill people, nice LIVE jazz music.  Really puts you at ease.  The beer and whiskey selection will satisfy any avid drinker of each adult beverage.   I tried the Thomas Jefferson Strong Ale as well as the Piraat IPA Amber Triple, Belgian IPA.  Both were excellent.  For 10.5% abv IPA, the Piraat was one of the smoothest IPAs I've ever had.
The Food:  Started with the Risotto Balls (wild mushroom truffle sauce) and the Tator Tots.  Both were excellent, the Tots were full of flavor, albeit a bit salty, but that didn't stop me from shoveling them into my mouth. For my entree i went with the burger.  It comes with a side of fries.  The burger was very good, i had it cooked medium, first bite the juices flowed out, a good sign.  I destroyed it.  The fries, well, that's the reason this place didnt get 5 stars.  They give you a lot,  i would say that are in between thick cut and thin.  They were oily and soft.  No crisp at all, unless you ate the small bits.  I couldn't even eat them, MAJOR FAIL.   My wife got the mussels & frites.  Mussels were good but the sauce didn't have enough flavor for my liking.   
Overall i really enjoyed it here and would go back in a heartbeat, now learn how to cook some fries!!Stumbled on this place Sunday night because they had the windows open with live jazz. Live music every night, even Monday's! We had The seafood pasta and a salad with watermelon and feta, both were fantastic!This place was not my cup of tea. My friends and I came here to dance because we heard the upstairs gets pretty packed on the weekends. The problem was that it was TOO packed. You could barely move on the dance floor without getting elbowed or grinded on by a stranger. It was nearly impossible to get a drink at the bar. And the crowd was mixed, but pretty ratchet.. just an odd group of people. The music was weird.. eh, just not a fan. Waste of $5 cover and $3 coat check.I went to Time on a wet summery night this past weekend. Everyone ordered absinthe and I - being the great pragmatist - also ordered some appetizers. 
Absinthe: not a fan, but that's probably just personal - not a huge anise lover. They certainly had a selection and the waitstaff seemed quite knowledgeable. 
Food: definitely a gastro-pub selection of gourmet bar food. Even though we ordered at close to midnight, they were still prompt and the food was quite good but again it was close to midnight or one and after a few drinks, cardboard pizza becomes review-worthy. 
Ambiance: Okay, I'm a sucker for live music - especially when that live music is a band that samples a little jazz, a little funk, and a little reggae. The music wasn't just foot-tapping worthy, it was downright hot - but then again, I'm pretty easy to please.
Overall - not bad, the music certainly helped leave a favorable impression. The people were forgettable, the absinthe and music was not.Weird food items on the menu, but good weird. When I ordered I didn't know waft to expect but everything tasted good and was well done! Excellent cocktails and a good beer selection too.Live music jazz bar- turn left.
Whisky bar- turn right.
I have been there twice so far, both in the whisky bar. I took a peek of the jazz bar, they have live music every night and it's usually packed. The whisky bar is slower but nice and relaxing, they have a big bar so usually it's not a problem to find a spot. They have a wide whisky selection, from under $10 to $68 a glass. The bartender is nice and friendly. I like place for a low key night, watch some sports and listen to music.Food was ok and live music was a nice touch but a little too dark and the service was just ok. Food is priced in the upper medium range but it was really the people around me who made me feel like I needed to get out of there. Save yourself the money and go to the whiskey bar next door and get a burger.This will always be my go-to dance spot if I'm in a group where half want live music and the other half want a DJ.  You get the best of both worlds here.
I'm surprised I haven't reviewed it since I've been coming here for many years now, albeit infrequently.  I actually wish I came here more, but sometimes it does get WAY too packed inside and then if you're stuck in a long line outside in the cold because they're at capacity, you kinda wanna give up and go somewhere a little more lowkey. I can vouch for the bouncer situation people complain about- if you get there early enough before the crowds, you probably won't deal with much bullshit, but if you come at midnight with a large group, it can be a hassle.  I presume they're just done dealing with peoples' drunk nonsense by that point (and truly are at capacity since it's pretty damn full in there), but it can be kinda off-putting.  Cover is only $5 for girls, though, which is nice.
Why 4 stars then?  Well, the music here is just too good and the 3 different rooms, each with its own vibe, really take the cake for me.  
WHISKEY BAR:  Plus side- this is great if you want music only as background noise and are looking to simply drink and talk without shouting over one another.  And even though it looks crowded, always get your drink here first as the wait here really isn't bad at all (next door and upstairs are much longer waits for drinks).  Down side- it has morphed into douchebag central- hoards of men in groups who will grab your tit at the bar (this has happened before, which is why I steer clear of this general area).
UPSTAIRS: Plus side- it's a non-pretentious, fun, dancy, grimy, dark, disco light nightclub- somehow you think you'll never make it through the sea of people but just venture a bit and you'll manage to find a spot to plant yourself and dance.  Most times the music is just right- a perfect blend of throwback hiphop and reggaeton peppered with mainstream rap and the occasional top 40 pop hit. Down side- it's much harder getting drinks up here since it's full of people dancing and sweating and the bar is much tinier.  Sometimes it's so hot, it's unbearable- DON'T wear long pants here if you can avoid it.  The bathroom smell can waft its way through the dance floor also.
JAZZ BAR:  Plus side- this is my favorite part by far.  It's not just that annoying saxophone riff jazz or smooth piano elevator music jazz- it's completely elevated and funky and rock and roll with hints of reggae.  The Living Sample was the band last night (I think they're the resident house band but I'm not positive) and they are just amazing.  I don't know if they plan the music or if it's all improvised like a jam band, but either way, it works.  The combo of drums, keyboard, bass, and electric jazz guitar with no vocals or shitty covers makes for a really great night out if you're craving something other than a generic DJ pressing play.  If you manage to snag a table, a server will come around so you don't need to go to the bar for drinks which is always nice.  Down side- the dining tables along the back wall and by the window PLUS the way too gigantic bar makes for zero room to move and dance.  You kinda have to awkwardly just tap your foot and bump your head and even then, you feel like you're right on top of the people trying to eat dinner who now have absolutely no view of the band.  Not set up in the best way possible, but it's still a fun time.
The crowd here is diverse in age and I love it- I'm in my late 20's and I brought someone in their early 30's here, plus my 68-year-old aunt who had a blast.  I saw gray-haired single men hitting on women my age, old married couples enjoying a glass of wine with their live music, freshly 21-year-olds, well-dressed business types in their 30's, and flannel-clad music aficionados.  This place really has something for everyone.This was the last stop on my restaurant/pub crawl with my husband. We got ID'd at the door, which was the first time that had happened that day- no big deal. When you walk in, you can go to the right which is the bar or the left which is the restaurant. Bar for us! If you like whiskey, this is the place for you. A LOT OF WHISKEY! I personally wanted something lighter, so I went with a glass of Prosecco, but no one judged me. My husband had one of their signature cocktails, #Selfie. He said it was great an ordered another, but I wouldn't even try it since I hate that song. 
We ordered food and it was actually pretty good. I had a fried chicken sandwich. It came with amazing fries! The chicken was very crispy. There was chipotle may and slaw in the sandwich also, which I was hoping would give a little moisture to it, but I think the massive amount of bread soaked it all up. Don't get me wrong, the bun was very good, I just think there was too much of it. My husband had the shrimp and grits. The gits were actually cubes of fried grits, which was pretty cool. He loved it, but I just think it was a very small portion. Good thing he had my fries to eat!
They also do Absinthe here. And what I mean by "do" is that water drips out of a large standing vessel through a spout onto a sugar cube that sits atop a special absinthe spoon, laid over your glass of absinthe. It's like a show! Will definitely get it next time, just so I can have the experience. 
Overall- I'LL BE BACK!i like this place because you can do a little bit of everything. i love to dance and this is one of the best places that i've been where you can just go and dance without having to worry about people around you/ do whatever you want. It's dark, can get sweaty adn sticky, but they have a great music selection and vey down to earth, non pretentious ambiance where you can just go and have fun. if it gets too hot upstairs, u can always come down to take a break in the whiskey bar or the jazz bar area, or fancy it out with a glass of wine.I first went here on a date, and I went again to see a friend perform with a live jazz band during New Year's Eve. Time always features talented musicians. I had a great time on both occasions. 
I love the dimly lit decor; the big chandelier and clocks are also really nice touches.
This place is definitely a bit more upscale than the average bar. Everyone there is well dressed and for the most part, well behaved ;)
I never had food here, but I was impressed with their beer selection. I'm a huge fan of dark beers and stouts, and Time a had a good representation of those, whereas other places just seem to focus more on IPA's. The imperial stout I had was awesome.
I also had a cocktail made with gin and brut champagne that was quite tasty. 
Prices are pretty standard for a center city joint. 
I'm planning on bringing more of my friends here at some point!The shrimp and grits is delicious!!!  Can't attest for the music. We went during happy hour and at at the bar.   Couldn't hear the music in the other room.This is definitely one of those places that you think is going to be some hole in the wall, but when you walk in you have this "woah" moment when you notice the decor is actually nice and you feel like you should have dressed up a little more.  I sat near the jazz band with a friend, so while it was great to enjoy the music, it was a challenge to talk.  The drink selection was decent and the food looked good enough that I'll come back to try it (and possibly add another star!)
Invite your friends and laugh when one of them says "i wonder why there are so many clocks on the wall."Looking for a unique bar to visit when in Philadelphia, this is the place! Had the pleasure of visiting this place during its lively weekend with live music, great drinks, and wonderful service. I recommend going for something different like the 'Absinthe', the taste is very different but the way it is served  is a part of the experience. The staff was very knowledgeable, kind, and checked in regularly.We had an after work function on the second floor and it was perfect!  The bartender was super attentive for our rowdy corporate bunch thirsty for open bar cocktails (the champagne cocktail was definitely my fav - the grapefruit was perfection in this. I opted to have the bartender not do a whole sugar lump in my next several drinks because it was so sweet for me - but very good. 
We ordered several types of heavy apps that were all wonderful. The best thing I had was either the fried chicken slider (it was almost like a small chickfila sandwich cooked to perfection), beef tenderloin of some sort on baguette slices and truffle mushroom bites with some sort of cheese - the combination was magical.
I would love to come back here for a proper dinner after trying these things!!I stop by this place occasionally to enjoy a night out in a very relaxed atmosphere.  They do have live music most of the time and it's pretty chill to just watch a little, listen to the music, and chat with your friends sipping your beer or wine.  The layout is tiny but i find it somewhat romantic under the dim lights with the decor of a wine cabinet/ wall.
Tip: if you plan on eating dinner or have a hangout session... make sure you make a reservation b/c each time i go, the tables are always taken.We arrived at Time and were given an amazing table in the live jazz bar area.  Our waiter was really great, gave us the time we wanted and made some great recommendations for whiskeys to try...Which were delicious.  When we were ready for dinner we had the oysters which were clean and sweet.  We also had the kale salad with gorgeous morsels of autumn squash that was presented so beautifully.  For our entrees, we had shrimp and grits with just the right kick to it, and a really decadent mac and cheese. Normally I hate restaurant mac and cheese, but the fontina cheese was light and not salty at all.  There were chunks of bacon in it that felt like a prize when you got one. Not at all overdone.  The music was great, the room was lively, and the overall vibe was great.  I'm sad to be leaving Philly but I will definitely come back when I return.Best place ever! Great music, food, staff and the drinks are phenomenal. Can't miss joint that serves a full menu until 1am Sun-Thurs. Packed house and a dance club upstairs on Friday and Saturday. If you have friends from out of town or you just want to have a great time this is THE place to come in Philadelphia.Review of UPSTAIRS:
I am 32 and went to Time to celebrate a friend's 30th birthday. We did not have trouble at the door. And there is a line to get in - you're lucky the cover is only $5 if it were more then there would be less people.
As every review states it gets packed upstairs. Hot, sweaty, and very difficult to get to the bar for a drink. I left without closing my tab because I did not want to push my way through the sea of sweaty bodies. Plus, I was unaware of the coat check and my jacket was stolen containing car & house keys. A ghetto move by a Time patron. The clientele is overall non impressive.The best burgers - cheese & bacon with a side of fabulous fries enough for 4 people. I have them swap it for caesar salad, equally as delicious but fewer calories. 
Not only do I think the food rates 5 stars but most of the attendees of my Erotic Literary Salon (meeting there for over 7 years) feel the same. We meet upstairs at TIME's Bohemian Absinthe Lounge, third Tuesday of every month. www.theEroticliterarysalon.comI am not sure if I ever reviewed this place.   I go here every New Year's day.  If you like great whiskey, this is the place to go.   Great atmosphere too.  It might get a little pricy for some people, but you know what, for me, it is worth it.Incredible tap and whiskey selection. Cool location. Surly but funny bartender. Horrible band.
Check it out, pretty cool if you are in the area or are staying at a downtown hotel and dont want to go to an out of towner bar.I felt a little underdressed when I went here, even though I was wearing a nice summer dress and cute flats. It was just a slightly fancier atmosphere than I was expecting--the decor is really nice, all dark woods and exposed stone, and the upstairs at night definitely has a swanky club feel. 
Still, I had a really great time at Time. The gin and tonic I had was serviceable, the absinthe was nasty, but really, where else was I going to be able to have the opportunity to even try it? I danced, watched a bachelorette party making idiots out of themselves, laughed, and stayed later than I was expecting to.
Next time I'll have to try the food, but for a night of drinks and dancing, Time was a pleasant surprise.Went to the bar side for a quick drink and a bite to eat with some friends. They had some great beers on tap and the wings were quite tasty. I thought the food was a bit pricy but I'd def go back.Ludwig's Garten.  How I miss you so.  You were dusty, dark and dreary, you always had much German beer to share.   Time took you over, and though it took me some time (eh, sorry) to get over the loss, I started to come to terms with your departure and made some effort to get to know your new occupant a little better.
This what I learned:
New place isn't so bad, in fact, it's rather grown on me.  I avoid the upstairs club (or Absinthe lounge or the 3rd concept in a 3 concept bar - oh brother!) room at all costs and you'll never find me waiting in line to get in to the establishment - but both the more casual whiskey and wine bar are places I've started to frequent more often than I give you credit for.
My very favorite are Friday Jazz nights that start at happy hour and go late. (big improvement from the Bavarian Beer Hall's greatest hits) - There is always a lot of talent and good tunes.  Beer (not as good as you Ludwig, I swear), wine (lots of them by the glass) and whiskey options a plenty - with a few great signature cocktails - Great, thorough, good drinking menu all around - 
Also not to be missed is my green fairy, ma chère Absinthe.  They offer 5 delicious (knock-you-on-your-ass) options and these are best enjoyed with others. 
Menu options each time, have yet to impress me.   Though I haven't tried everything on the menu, nothing I've had so far has hit out of the park (like your bratwurst, Ludwig, those were the bomb) Even hard to mess-up risotto balls, were flavorless (the sauce redeemed it, a bit) and desperately needed salt.
Service is pleasant, helpful, albeit always a little busy.  (and Ludwig, no lederhosen to be seen here, I can assure you)
All in all - it's a fine place to catch some live jazz and booze it up, whichever side of Time you should choose.Had selections from bar menu.  Deviled eggs and fried chicken sandwich. Great music! Great food! Great for before or after a show.Charge for the entry and give less change than it supposed to be. 
Upstairs is crowded and sweaty.I went to Time with my boyfriend on Valentines day and had an excellent time. 
I read the reviews and was admittedly a bit disappointed by their ratings - I feel on yelp that sometimes people go into a bar or restaurant and give a low rating because it didn't match their expectations. Why would you go to a place like this an not order whisky or absinthe and then get hung up on a $5 cover and complain about something fickle like the fries when this place has so much more to offer??? Its doing a unique place like this a disservice.
So I wanted to clarify a few things on the restaurant side, we did not go upstairs: We were not charged a cover. There were no lines. We arrived at 8 and there was live music and it was lovely and the perfect pitch. The bar wasn't crowded and we were able to sit and chat comfortably for over 2 hours without feeling rushed.
Our server was super nice. He recommended adding ice cream with our  Remy Martin to the effect of Amaretto over vanilla. I got the mussels which had awesomesauce pool at the bottom and we got the fanciest bacon-dusted tator tot presentation I had ever seen.
The drink selection is amazing. My boyfriend and I are trying to get into different scotches, whiskeys and bourbons and this was a fantastic way to sample an extensive variety that we wouldn't ordinarily come across. We got Laphroaig Quarter Cask and Macallan Oak Aged 15 years ordered neat and the waiter brought over a glass of cubes 'just in case'. They even had Philadelphia Brewing Company Kilty Pleasure on draft! For me, that is libation selection heaven.
So, I wholeheartedly recommend this place, if you come for dinner on a  weekday and you're a beer and whisky snob with a predilection for novel gastropub fare.I felt like I was in NOLA! I stood at the opened window and listened and watched great music and bad ass musicians gig! No cover baby. Philadelphia representedTime has 3 personalities - as you enter the front door and hang a right, there is a dark, comfy whiskey room. Always a great tap selection and shelves full of great liquors. They are also purveyors of absinthe. If you hang a left when you come in, there's a more formal dining area where live jazz plays about every night. The bartenders and waitresses are very, very attentive and helpful if you are undecided about a meal or drink and they are all really cool people. (It's kind of a mandate with the hiring manager)
I've been going here for years, onacounta, it's practically across the street from our offices. The menu is pretty extensive and offers plenty of options to the carnivore and vegmasters alike. The burgers have received the accolades of all of my friends, so they must be great. (I'm a veg) I had the mac-n-cheese which is really tasty. Their pub grub is great as well, their fries and roasted beets are good starters if you're just hanging at the bar. Other raves from friends include the salmon and duck.
Great atmosphere. Great people. The staff have great nicknames that fit their personalities like Biscuit, Butters, Dynamite, etc.
Oh, the third personality shows up on the weekends. Go straight up the stairs after a substantial wait in line for some hot, sweaty dancing and drinking. Debauchery abounds.
Enjoy.Time is hit or miss. I usually go for dancing (usually a girls night or a birthday) and most of the time I've left feeling slightly buzzed but not overly impressed. The DJ is odd and plays some unique music which I enjoy to an extent but sometimes I just want some current or old school top 40 hits played. The crowd is usually a great mix although I've been there once at 11:30pm on a Friday during April and it was DEAD (as in 6 people were there and no one was dancing).
Try it out but don't expect to be blown away or have the time of your life.Me and my wife came here for Valentine's day and I must say we were both so impressed by not only the delicious food, but the service was excellent and the atmosphere was perfect. Romantic, candle lite, live music that set the mood just right. I can't wait to go back, deff a must experience. Oh and not to mention their crazy whiskey menu and awesome absinthe experience.I've been to Time twice in recent times now -- first for Erin C.'s UYE in September, and then last night. For both visits, I had the gin cocktail, which is really-really potent. Also tried some whiskey during the first visit, since it's a whiskey bar and what-not. 
In terms of food, I probably wouldn't recommend the fried chicken sandwich. There wasn't much in way of flavor. The fries were good, though, and what you'd expect from a bar.
An hour after arriving, we headed out since it was becoming a sardine-land. I really, really do not enjoy feeling like it's hard to breathe in a bar. When we exited, there was a line down the street!
I'd recommend for drinks and earlier stops in the night; not so much for food or late nights.A friend and I popped in here for a random Friday happy hour, and I have to say I was pleasantly surprised. While I understand the appeal of Time, it really is not my favorite place for going out, but they have a great happy hour. Cheap drinks (Champagne Martini!) and a nice selection of snacks made the two of us very happy. While I would not frequent Time outside of Happy Hour, I definitely would not mind returning.We came here for drinks/dinner. Food was AMAZING! I had the short ribs and he had the duck. Both were great, the bread pudding was to die for. Our server Omar, was fantastic, very attentive, knowledgeable and friendly.  Would definitely recommend Time.Came to Philly on a business trip.  Coincidentally during restaurant week... tried to find a good bar/restaurant to eat dinner... walked a few blocks on 13th, stumbled across Time so we decided to pop in... walked in and was surprised they had ONE open table and omg how pretty it was inside!... started with a mimosa and the house bread with chive butter....AMAZING! Ordered a bar burger with cheese fries... ABSOLUTELY FREAKIN DELICIOUS.... simply delicious... great burger flavor... cheese fries were on damn point!!! Loved every bite of everything!!! If I lived here I would frequent! There was live jazz band doing their thang in the corner. Super ambiance!!!! This place has a super staff with wonderful attitudes! Come to Cali...please!!!!Interesting ambiance, laid back vibe and plenty of personal space. Good selection of beers, wines and whiskeys. We only came in for drinks but whatever was cooking smelled really good so we'll be coming back for a proper meal.really love this place. I fell in love with the decor the first time that I came. The bartender was awesome. I had  calamari which was very good. The band that was playing was great nobody  wanted  them to end, so we just kept saying "come on one more" and they did one more which turned into three songs. If  you are the type of person who is into a laid back, cool, jazz and jazzy, stylish type of place then this is the place for you. This is an great place if you are going out solo or with a few friendsTime is essentially three different bars in one. When you enter, go to the left for a classy atmosphere with live Jazz on the weekends; go to the right for a casual bar feeling, and go upstairs to get ratchet.You can have great music, great booze, great food, great service....but if you have an a@@hole at the door then your place turns to shit. It is clear from my experience and the reviews the past few days that the new bouncer at Time is a grade A a@@hole who thrives harassing people. Please make are you carry a Pennsylvania state id or your passport. The dimwit will not accept out of state ids too. He is just doing his job so make sure you don't spoil your night because of stupid things. Don't laugh in line, don't make jokes. Be dead serious when you walk up to him, show your id, don't smile. You may be allowed to enter. Unfortunate...really liked this place...never again!The upstairs bar is one of our go-to spots for late night dancing for those nights you really just need to let loose with ya girls. Expect some sticky floors, cheap drinks mixed with some griminess but bumpin music-especially is you go on hip hop and rap throwback nights! 
The downstairs bars are delightful. One side is a cozy area where you can listen to live music and snack on apps and the other is more of a whiskey. Drinks are pretty good on either side.I've been here twice specifically to drink; $6 wells. I come here for the variety of different atmospheres. Left hand side when you walk in has live music, food, and is a bit more quiet. Tonight was the first time I went to this side, the band played some pretty random acoustic versions of Big Poppa and Footloose. 
Right hand side is a whisky bar that gets a little bit more packed and sweaty around 10:00pm. The stairwell opens up around 9:00pm and there is a huge dance floor on the 2nd floor. Make sure you come here before 9pm to avoid the cover charge.Really awesome bar in Philly. There are two rooms, one is more casual with TVs and the other is a little trendier and usually has a band. I would recommend the room with the band. So many drinks to choose from and lots of different types of whiskey and scotch. There's always live music and the people who play are wonderful. The fries and mac and cheese are amazing.Romantic place with great live music and good food. Had duck confit and it was great! We were here last year and loved it; so searched for it and came back for this year's visit to Philly.I am a touring musician and I find myself in different cities regularly. I had some down time in Philly last month and wanted to check out the local music scene. I heard a lot of positive things about Time, so I grabbed a guitar and headed down. I got there early to order a drink and take in my surroundings. The bartenders were attentive and friendly. The host of the open mic however, was a pompous entitled art school drop out ass hole. I am not the type of guy to drop the "do you know who I am" line, and this situation was no different. I asked the guy about a list and he basically mocked me. To say that this place let me down is an understatement. The point of an open mic is to allow payers of all calibers the opportunity to log some stag time, and my intention was to jam with some local talent. The guy with the pony tail is the rudest most entitled open mic host I have ever come across, and I made it a point to spread the word amongst the good players I know in the area. Never again.I really dig this place but find it unbearably packed with douchey guys and dumb girls on the weekends, so I prefer to hit up he Whiskey Bar or the other side with live music during the week when it isn't so busy. Problem is, Time is s awesome that even the weekdays are filling up. There is something for everyone there and I like the atmosphere. I have yet to eat there, but that will be my next venture. The bartenders are friendly and knowledgable for the most part. It's definitely a good timeI've made a few visits here at different times of day. The live music in the evening added quite a bit of charm. Definitely big points for the atmosphere. The drinks were well prepared but felt a little overpriced compared to what else is available in the area.Dynamite spot to check-out.  Not much of a place to eat, but looking for a spot to have a drink or two and listen to some live music, this is the place. The band that was playing on April 23rd was funky, gave a great performance
So if u are Visiting Philly, got to take time to go to the Time.Visited a buddy in Philly for his birthday and we all went out to Time.  This place was where it's at.  The bottom level was a jazz bar.  Live jazz in a somewhat chaotic but fun dining room.  Dark wood lined the walls and there was a really cool chandelier that covered almost the whole room.  On the second floor a DJ was playing top 40 beats and the crowd was dancing wildly.  Younger crowd upstairs and a mixed crowded downstairs.  Only complaint is this place got packkked.... but that's something to expect from a good place... especially one that serves $3 beers all night on a Friday... maybe it's because I'm from New York, but damn, that's CHEAP!The restaurant side offers a trendy but peaceful atmosphere with a tasteful wine & beer list. The menu is delicate and tasty although I'm not getting the "Vegetarian Bouillabaisse" (total incoherence for the French person I am).
I, actually don't think Time should be listed as a Lounge only, there are 3 concepts in one and the West side got its stars as a restaurant.FUN place. Fabulous whisky selection. Can sit in main dining room and her nice live jazz. Can order from dinner menu or more reasonably priced bar menu. GREAT French fries. Delicious La Colombe coffee. Great homemade ice cream. Especially the coconut. Tyler (server) was knowledgeable about whiskies and made great recommendations to my husband. Casual dress on a SAT nite.Great burger and frilled octopus. Will definitely return!!I have mixed reviews about the food.  I had the duck breast with chick peas. My duck was amazing, but the chick pea nuggets were slighly revolting.  The serving size of my very pricey dish was tiny.  I found myself stealing the fries of my neighbors due to my abject hunger.  
Bottom line: The jazz was refreshing and  I had a great time sitting near the window while watching and being watched. I would return and stick to the huge portioned inexpensive bar food and whiskey drinks. Did I say the drinks were amazing?Cool Times!!! Great bartender. Bar area was packed on a Saturday night was approached as soon we squeezed in a space. Only stopped in for a quick one but will return. Food that was passing by looked delicious!Great beer bar in downtown Philly. We came here for drinks before dinner. Plenty of craft ales from Philadelphia, the mid-Atlantic, and Belgium. Prices were about par with NYC. The Victory Bell Ringer IPA was pretty righteous.
Bartender was friendly. Jazz band was cool, even if we weren't paying too much attention. Get yours sudz on here.I love this place.  The shots of Jameson are huge.  Both upstairs and downstairs, while completely different, are so fun and always with diverse and plentiful crowds.  The upstairs DJ is always awesome to listen to.  Your best bet on a Friday/Saturday night on a budget is a $3.25 Miller High Life.
I will keep going back as it's truly one of Philadelphia's hottest night spots.Friendly staff and good food. We arrived late to Philly and they were about to close the kitchen until we told them about our travel there. They were glad to help us get a meal and a drink. 
If they have the seared duck breast, you must get this. It is the best I have ever had!  Needless to say we went back almost every night we were in PhillyI really enjoyed my Time experience.  We got there around 6 to get the happy hour deals and I was a bit disappointed that the dining room was so completely empty.  A few more tables were filled while we were there, but it was still empty by the time we left.  I guess people come for the club upstairs.
That said, the happy hour deals are awesome!  The most delicious $5 mac and cheese with perfect BBQ pulled pork on top.  We also got the happy hour onion rings, champagne cocktails, and moscow mules.  All delicious.
We shared the mussels for our entree.  They were good, but it was an odd way to do mussels - WAY too much parsley.  They came with a huge plate of fries and the best hollandaise sauce EVER.
A quite talented (the singer's voice was perfect for jazz) 3-piece jazz band started playing at 6.  Combined with the candlelight, it made for some lovely ambiance.This place was completely empty when my bf and I came in on a Sunday evening around 6 ish but it was really cold out so maybe thats why. The bar is really large with an upstairs and downstairs so I hope they usually haev more customers to utilize the space.
The beer selection was fine. We also had oysters and fries. Everything was good, but nothing really special in my opinion.I was in Philly for a site visit and met up with one of our vendors at this place.  Great live music, fun atmosphere and supposedly they have an absinthe bar which one of my other vendors said is suppose to be amazing... i'll check it out next year when i'm hear for my meeting.  Also went the next night and it was "open mic" with a bunch of very talented bands and singers.  I recommend it for sure. (good drinks and friendly wait staff)The jazz side is perfect for the 35 and upwards crowd.  Deviled eggs and cheese plate were fantastic!  The service impeccable.  The beer and wine list are eclectic and interesting.  Try this place.I really enjoyed this restaurant.  We stopped in for a late dinner while I was in town on business.  The setting was lovely, and the music was great.  It was loud, but not so loud you couldn't talk.  We got the mac and cheese as an appetizer, and let me tell you, I could have eaten about a pound of that stuff.  Mac and cheese with pulled pork?  Recipe for success. For dinner I got the Arctic Char.  It was delicious.  Tender, flavorful, and was served with some sort of pastrami glaze and lattkes, which was definitely an interesting combination.  My fiance got the bouillabaisse which he devoured.  He was also impressed by the whiskey selection.  We both did wish the portions were a bit larger, but overall were very pleased with our meal.  The atmosphere was great and romantic, the music was perfect, and the food and alcohol were all top notch.  We would definitely go back!Stopped in for a late night drink with a friend. The beer selection is respectable, as is the cocktail menu. The standout here is the live jazz music. There was no cover on the night I went, and the band played 2 or 3 sets. 
For those not into jazz, there's a second bar that quieter and an upstairs with a dj. I didn't order food during this visit, but have had some good snacks here in the past. Not a place for a fancy dinner, but definitely solid upscale bar food.Went to Time for New Years Eve. Had a great time. The room to the right had a bar with TVs showing some sports; the room to the left had a live band. Upstairs was a DJ, some couches, a dance floor & some cocktail tables. So there seemed to be something for everyone. Drinks were reasonably priced and were good. I wish I was able to get my bartender's name; the bar staff was great. Very attentive and on top of their game for it being such a busy night. I would def go back for a night out.Do not come here with a big party! 
My friend and I planned a get together here to celebrate our birthdays. We called ahead to make sure we could do it and they said they don't take reservations but we could show up and cover doesn't start til 11.  We got there early to stake out a spot upstairs but there was a fundraiser going on. We didn't mind sharing the space but then the $5 suggested donation became a $5 cover. The 40 people we invited were accosted at the door and told to pay or to leave. I complained to someone because we were not warned about this and I couldn't tell 40 people that we were changing the  venue. About 15 minutes later 2 men came upstairs. One was a big burly guy who tried to use scare tactics and told us that we had to leave. Then he pointed to the other guy and said he was the owner. The owner said he had booked the space for this charity and we would have to pay or leave. When we explained that we had called weeks in advance and that we checked the internet site that day he still told us to leave. We argued for quite a while before the owner finally gave up. I told them to just tell my friends that the charity was trying to raise money but don't tell them there is a cover. They still did charge some of my friends but I couldn't really do anything about it. 
DO NOT BRING A LARGE PARTY HERE. You never know when the owner will decide to book his friend's party and kick you out of one of the spaces in the restaurant.Haven't been for food, but a great dance bar upstairs, albeit a little crowded.  It's everything that Ladder aspires to be!  No cover last night and a good crowd...I have been here a few times and have been impressed with the layout and the music but never by the food.  There were very few vegetarian things on the old menu and even less on the new one. 
On this most recent trip, I ordered the acorn squash and my boyfriend ordered a beer, deviled eggs and the rabbit. 
The service:  The waiter repeated my order back and then my boyfriend ordered, they had a long discussion about the rabbit and then he repeated his order. Why am I telling you this? Well, because when it came time for the meal to come out, mine was nowhere to be found. The waiter told me this was my fault because clearly I should have made sure he repeated my order. Oh wait, he did. He said it would be out in five minutes, thirty minutes later my plate came out. When he realized his mistake, the waiter told us he would take a percentage off. Then he came back and said they would take off half my meal. Oh wow! Half!  Seriously?! In the end it wasn't even half and I left a shitty tip for the shit service. 
The food:  I couldn't tell if the whipped tofu was even in the dish because all I could taste was the squash.  The squash also had a tough skin still on it so boo on that. The anise stars were delish. The rabbit was greasy and there were only a few tiny pieces of it but my boyfriend said it was good for what it was. 
Atmosphere: great bar, great jazz
Verdict:  I won't go back here to eat. Ever. Drinks and jazz yes.As someone who craves variety and stimulation, Time really made me fall in love. There was jazz, top 40, and hip hop all in one place! It was super fun and extremely crowded but I had a wonderful time. I wish there was more than one bartender at the upstairs bar but you can't win them all. If you're in town visiting and looking for a place to go, stop through Time!I've been to Time on a couple occasions and it's quickly becoming one of my favorite spots to go! I've only eaten here once but the food is pretty good and there are some great food options on their happy hour menu in addition to drink specials.
I've also enjoyed the live music they've had when I was there.
The rest of this is more of a venting session about some people here:
My last trip was some what ruined by the annoying group of hipsters next to our table, though. Really it was just one specific girl with her big glasses, weird hat, and strange sweater who raved and raved about different food choices she was looking forward to then realizing it wasn't even the right place she was thinking of (only after complaining to the waiter who insisted none of that was ever here and he's been working there for 5 years). There was also a group of guys who joined them and one talked about how he was in med school and this and that and completely failed at getting it in with hipster girl's friend while hipster girl was totally lookin' for a boning.
Thank you for reading if you made it this far!start the night off classy, then end it ratchet if you like HAHA cover charge at the door. there is three rooms which are completely different vibes from one another. downstairs has classy live jazz band, a bar, and seating for dinner. other room is like a regular sports bar. upstairs is like a college frat party. big huge open room with huge crowd of people dancing their butts off. the DJ played great mix of today's hits and hip hop . I had a great time with friends here!This review is strictly on the service my group of 4 received while at Time.
Both the manager and the servers at this place are extremely rude, we left this place (almost forced out) by the discriminating management and staff at this location.
If you're looking for a place with live music, better staff, and an overall better atmosphere check out Sutton's Parlor or anywhere but here.
The story- I had 3 friends visiting from Germany, we walked in at about 8:50pm. 
We walked in and immediately liked the live music atmosphere. When we sat down, the waiter was quick to come and take our order. We ordered what we wanted to drink and showed our ID's (my friends have German ID's and I have a WA state enhanced ID). The waiter seemed to be okay with this and walked away with the order. 
This is where my fairy tale ends.. This quickly turned into THE worst experience I've had in a restaurant. I will tell tales of this for awhile. 
The waiter came back and told us "Your ID's are foreign so we cannot serve you alcohol" hmm last time i checked WA state isn't a foreign country. But okay. One of my friends hadn't eat since morning, I felt bad for her so i didn't press the waiter on the subject. We spent the next 5 minutes looking at what we wanted to eat. Then we spent 25 minutes waiting for our waiter to come back. 
I actually had to get up out of me seat and ask for service.. to which he replied "Oh I was waiting for you to leave actually" I said "excuse me?" He replied back and said "it is 9:10pm we will have to ask you to leave at 10pm because it gets crowded and we cant keep track of the alcohol". I'm sorry, did you just make up a rule? This man was basically telling us to eat fast or GTFO. 
I composed myself and politely asked him to bring out his manager hoping someone had better reasoning skill then this guerrilla speaking to me.
The manager came out, who I think prides himself on being a ... never mind.
I told the manager what was happening, and that we didn't really care about the alcohol because we could just go somewhere else. But my friend was hungry and all we wanted to do was order food. He mirrored what the waiter had said to me. 
I asked him if this was an actual law he was quoting.. he dodged the question and stated "you would have 30 minutes to eat, that's it." I replied back with "wow, this is probably the worst experience I've ever had in my life at a restaurant". To which he replied "i'm sorry you feel that way" which can be translated to "I don't agree with you, GTFO". 
Okay fine, at this point we happily left, and resumed our journey 1 block down the road to spice 28 (which btw has AMAZING service). Alcohol also wasn't an issue there either. Time used to be a pretty cool place, but their management staff is a clog in a toilet bowl that needs to be flushed out. Sorry Yelper's but go elsewhere for a good night, there are plenty of options in Philly :)This is one of my favorite places. Great food, ambience, phenomenal musician and attentive staffPhiladelphians, listen up! Deep in the heart of downtown you can find the restaurant Time, served by the exquisite Chief Mackenzie Hilton, who's mastery and innovation of the culinary arts is present in every tantalizing bite. I've often passed this jam-packed restaurant hearing their nightly live jazz music flowing out into the bustling streets. This week I decided to make a special reservation for my fiancé's birthday and sample what Chef Hilton had to offer.   First off, the staff, especially our waiter Mike, were all incredible. Kind and knowledgeable they made our night very special.  But more to the point, the food! We went for the gusto in ordering the "Chef's Tasting Menu." Our adventure started with Sun-choke Soup with Asparagus and house cured/smoke bacon. A creamy and smokey prelude to our dining procession. House smoked Atlantic Salmon Tartar Deviled Eggs followed. This was a unique and delightful spin blending salty salmon flavor with traditional deviled egg. Next, frisée & radicchio salad with duck 3 ways (truffled duck liver mousse, pulled duck confit, house cured duck breast), we were absolutely blown away by this dish, the mousse base was outstanding with duck confit and cured duck breast cooked to perfection amidst a beautiful bed of frisée & radicchio. Next was perhaps my favorite, steamed mussels & clams with house-made Italian sausage, stewed tomatoes, lemon, garlic, and white wine broth with grilled sourdough.  
My fiancé and I are from the Northwest and we have eaten countless clams and mussels prepared in a multitude of ways but this was one of the best of these dishes I have ever tasted.   Now for the entrees, mouthwatering and unique, the house ricotta gnocchi in lemon mint brown butter with English peans, shiitake mushrooms, & fiddlehead ferns topped with parmesan foam (yes, foam) was flawlessly executed and tantalizing to the very last bite. The last of the entrees was the Kalbi marinated 48 Hour sous vide short rib with pickled vegetables with mint & Thai basil. Succulent and tender the short ribs melted in your mouth as the mint and basil flavors permeated elegantly on the palate. Finally, the dessert/cheese plate, La Tur drizzled with pear Infused honey and local fennel pollen next to bruléed figs and toasted brioche.
Needless to say this was a spectacular dinner.  Not only was the food exquisite and the staff warm and friendly but chef Hilton herself came out and chatted with us and informed us that every night the chef menu changes.  If this was an off-the-cuff night then sign me up again! If you want a fantastic experience Time is where you should go!Saturday night... had reservations with my family. The hostess was very nice and kind. The atmosphere was very romantic, dim lights and a live band. Oh the live band was awesome. I mean AWESOOOOOOME!!!! I wish they hadn't taken a break because the vibe was so right.
PLUS they played me happy birthday (since it was my birthday). a sweet and pleasant surpise.
The food was tastey. i had a salad and scallops i think. very good. the waitress forgot a lot of small requests but besides that she did ok. the drinks were delish! and we even got to sample the chef's new meatball thing which was yummy. everyone had an good meal.
then we made our way upstairs to dance. the DJ played a very diverse music selection. the only thing that made is dreadful was his sidekick wouldnt take a simple request for michael jackson. he acted like he was too good to even hear the request which rubbed me the wrong way. so if you go on a saturday night and you see the sidekick brownskinned dj, tell him to suck a fat one for me!
other than thay we had a great time dancing and lounging and drinking. this is a great saturday night hidden treasure.Chill place. Be careful though: absinthe is for real.Time is a really neat bar. Came here with a friend who was visiting from out of town and we were both impressed. It's not your average, run-of-the-mill bar in Philadelphia --or anywhere, for that matter. There are candles on every table, and everything is laid out with a very turn-of-the-century feel. I almost felt like I was on a set from Woody Allen's Midnight in Paris.
There was a live band playing jazz music, and we sat close to them at the bar so the music was a nice touch. Drinks are generously sized as well.Great place anytime of day. We came in pretty late in the evening on during a weeknight for drinks and it was quite the experience. They have two sides, one with a classy, jazzy setting and other with a casual, fun setting. We had the absinthe which I recommend (for those that know, it tastes just like variyali). The service was very quick and they very responsive! I will definitely be making trips back!I went to Time this past Friday with a few friends. I have been before during the week and enjoyed the beer selection and atmosphere of the downstairs pub area.
I have been upstairs on the weekend prior so I knew what I was getting into; 5$ cover, plastic cups,packed with the 21 year old crowd. I get it.  And it's fine if that's what your looking to do. 
The thing that upset me is a fight broke out between a few girls (upstairs in the packed dance area) and NO ONE was there to break it up. Not a bouncer in sight. The fight brought attention to the full dance floor and began backing up. I have worked in a club atmosphere before and this is not something rare, it sucks but it happens. But there absolutely should be a bouncer posted up to over view the floor to prevent these altercations. I grabbed the bartender and asked him "is there a bouncer? People are fighting ". He promptly stopped what he was doing to find/alert one (thumbs up bartender). 
My biggest issue with all of this was when the bouncer came HE DIDNT KICK THEM OUT. Although they stopped fighting there was clear tension between the two groups. It made me feel unsafe like a time bomb could have gone off any moment. 
For the future-- people fighting should always be kicked out. It's not worth it keeping the trouble inside. It endangers everyone else and is a liability on the bar. My one star review isn't necessarily for Time overall, but just to bring awareness for better security protocol.I love the upscale pub/bistro atmosphere.  I was a HUGE fan of Ludvigs (even with the dust/web-covered animal heads on the wall) but am reluctantly just as in love with Time.  The bartenders are friendly, chatty (but not overly) and informative.  The food has been spot-on for me every time, and I really like the fact that they have live music.  
The absinthe bar (upstairs) opens at 9 or 10 on weekends (I can't remember) and we recently took advantage of that by having a big 30-40 person birthday dinner up there before the lounge opened.  They didn't even charge us for the room.  Great selection of scotch and they even let me taste some.  Definitely one of my go-to's when I'm feeling "pubby."Went last night and had a great time. The atmosphere was very laid back and the live music was no joke.  Ordered the 7-course Chefs sampler and it was very good.  Loved the oyster soup, foie gras, and sardines.
Around midnight the crowd totally changed almost like the 3pm bell rang and school let out.  
Bonus: Cupcake truck was outside when we left, slamming chocolate and peanut butter cupcake.I can't even begin to tell you how wonderful this restaurant is. At the recommendation of friends we took a day trip from new york (yes, we went from ny to philly for food and was exquisitely worth every penny and minute it took to get here) just to eat at this restaurant and try out their tasting menu. We intended to do just 5 courses but at course 3 we couldn't believe that it would be over soon so we asked to do the 7 instead. Every dish was well crafted, well thought out, was perfectly in sync with what had come before, was all home made (from scratch), was perfectly cooked and seasoned and left us licking our plates clean. The waiter knew everything about our dishes, wines and beers and was just as excited to tell us about our food as we were to eat it. The waiter was also kind enough to relay our request to meet this genious chef who did come out for us to endlessly complement. We were never rushed and always well attended to but not overly. There was a live band who played beautifully and not so loud that we couldnt have great conversation over great food. In fact, i went in with a migraine and i left happy and pain free. I would travel from florida to eat here again. If you have something to celebrate or just got your paycheck, go here!! You will not regret it and neither will your pallate.We were visiting Philadelphia on a Monday and wanted a place to go out that wouldn't be dead. We found this on Yelp and they had live music so we decided to give it a go. There is a $5 cover, which I thought was weird for a Monday, but then they give you a card for a free drink (beer, wine or mixed drink), so it doesn't really make a difference. My boyfriend thought this might be so they didn't have people just going in to listen to music-- everybody has to buy at least one drink.
Music was great, open mic & awesome backup band, it was super lively and crowded especially for a Monday! The waiter was nice and friendly. We got 2 drinks each and the fried vegetables- a little pricey for food but all in all good. Get there around 10-10:30 for a table, because it gets crowded when the music starts.Time is one of the coolest venues I've found in Philly.  It's so cool I don't want to tell you about it.  But here it is:
Ground Zero: You've got a trippy clock-themed absinthe lounge with epic jazz musicians who set the perfect mood as you drink delicious cocktails any night of the week.
Second Floor: there's a chill whiskey lounge.  Whiskey's my drink of choice (being from TN and everything), but I can hardly seem to tear myself away from the first floor!
Third Floor: Rock music, more of a dive... Still cool though!  
Conclusion: It's got something for everyone, and some good appetizers too!  
It gets crowded, but not too crowded, and is even fun on an off night.
It's kinda too good to be true.I slid in here last Friday to listen to the jazz band that was playing. My experience was with the bar part. I ordered a Franziskaner Hefeweizen, which is about as close to heaven as you can get in a glass. Unfortunately they had tappus interruptus(a horrible condition only matched by the other well known interruptus), which resulted in much foaming and bad pours. So I ended up seguing into a Paulaner dopplebock called Paulaner Salvatore. Sweet sweet double bock. Then the bartender got the Franziskaner going so he gave me a .5L on the house. And  of course that one was so good I had another. 
The decor was really nice. I did feel a little out of place since it appeared that several business people were there snorting cabernet sauvignon and such. The band was pretty good. I wish I'd stayed around for another set, but I probably wouldn't have made it home if I'd drank anymore there. Not to mention I had to fulfill my weekly visit to Long In The Tooth.
All in all the bar wasn't bad. I can't speak for the food, the absinthe or the whiskey bar. Though now that I know about the whiskey bar, I may go back for that.The bar is beautiful with dark wood and comfortable chairs it was cozy and comfortable. It had a homey "whisky bar" masculine kind of vibe...something my husband and I really enjoy (yes, I'm a woman and I love man-caves and whiskey). 
Some points: 
All signs pointed to this place being a great cocktail bar. Unfortunately, our cocktails were sub-par. My husband and I both got scotch based cocktails, and mine tasted like mostly lemon juice with a hint of scotch.  My drink was shaken way too vigorously, leaving ice chips in my "up" drink. My husbands drink was served on the rocks..with the melted ice used to shake his drink. I realize this makes me sound pretentious..but when you spend $13 on a cocktail, you want it to be top quality. 
Minor complaints: 1. the bathrooms were freezing, and they had no hand soap. 2. The bartender was not very attentive, and the place was not crowded. 3. The water tasted like the glasses had not been properly washed. 
My husband and I admired the scotch list and may come back for a scotch...but unlikely.Went there on a Friday Night. There was a jazz singer and a keyboardist and they really set the mood!  ( Someone give them a recording contract!) Happy hour drink and food specials were great! A Must-Go-To if you are in Philadelphia.Girls night out? Yes please! We had a great time at Time.
Our server was a total gem. We sent back two drinks because one was the wrong wine (not his fault) and I would NOT recommend the Dark and Stormy. But, the service was stellar! We paid our check and it started raining so we ran back in.... Then, we opened yet another tab and our bartender was nothing but smiles. He was so nice.
Food was ok, liked the fries a lot! Nice sauces. Risotto balls were kinda salty. 
But, all in all, super fun!
Pro's:
- Fast service
- Friendly
- Easy going
- Nice looking bar
- Cute dudes for my single girls :)
Cons:
- I am not sure where parking is - but it didn't matter to us because we walked
- Not so great happy hour prices but that's just how it is these days I guess!
:)
Thanks for fun!!Best burger I have had in Philadelphia. Destroys Village Whiskey in my opinion.  Just absolutely fantastic. Though I was drunk. Take this with a grain of salt, but not a huge vat that they put the burgers at ShakeShack in.
The fries accompanying it were very good as well, with good dipping sauce.  I enjoyed this experience very much.  
Conscientious staff: asked me how the burger was (before I had even taken a bite), and then followed up and actually asked the question later. Great service, and it was busy too.  
The beer selection is very strong too, but pricey for what some of them are.I stopped by on a Saturday night for one of PaperStreet's parties upstairs in the Absinthe Lounge (totally worth it to check out DJ's Brendan Bring'em & The Rub's DJ Ayres). On the upside: I liked the decor a lot; I especially appreciated the stark white exposed brick wall that displayed projections. The dance floor was energetic but not "I'm gonna get crabs from this guy next to me" packed, and I always appreciate that. The woman at the door was quite nice (those PaperStreet kids always are) and the crowd was diverse, stylish and in good spirits. So that's cool. But the bar was crazy and I heard a few folks TIME-ing how long they had been waiting for their drinks (one dude said 30 minutes but who knows. Maybe he had absinthe, which makes seconds feel like an eternity, and only thought he had waited 30 minutes, when in reality he hadn't even placed his order yet).
The only other negative was the couple who decided to go for it in plain sight of everyone in attendance. Seriously, they might have made a baby like, 3 feet away from me. That's kinda gross. Amusing, but also gross.Got flagged cause i dropped my martini glass. No i didn't get kicked out but my friends couldn't even replace my $14 martini. and to think i tipped d guy $2 on top of the outrageous price.
Pro: My friend Shane does an open mic night here on Tuesday nights. Shane is a wonderful guitar player and singer. Check it out. But don't drop your drink!To start this, I should be clear.  I came here to the little jazz room, and had no food.  
That being said, it was a solid 4 store establishment.  They gave my friend and I a table and were pretty quick to serve us drinks.  They had some nice jazz playing.  
The ambiance was great - the drinks a little pricey, but given the nice music and fancier establishment - I didn't think it was overpriced.I don't write these reviews lightly but feel pretty strongly about this one. Came here for after work drinks and it will certainly be my last time after multiple visits over the years. I can say with confidence that each experience has been worse than the last. This place started off as a hidden gem but the service is well below average for the area now and the staff has a tendency to pretend not to hear you, walk away for 5 minutes at a time leaving nobody at the bar, and then be condescending when you dare ask for anything upon their return. This bartender definitely found time to put cream in his own drink though. It was nice knowing you when you were good Time, but let's just say you didn't pass the test of "time"... Or perhaps the staff just doesn't have "time" to care.Time offers a great ambiance for live jazz music lovers. This is a great spot that makes you feel like your in Europe. My suggestion is to come on a weekday night because on the weekend it can get very crowded due to the popular upstairs dancing room. So unless your looking for a crowded atmosphere weekdays are the way to go!
Beer and food prices are reasonable, not to mention they serve Absinthe in really cool fashion at this place.
Overall I love this place because I love myself some live music, and the intimate lighting and rustic feel makes this place a great venue to bring a date.If I could give Time one diagnosis it would be "multiple-personality". It wants to be casual and bar centric and yet the menu contains fois gras and soup is poured out of tea pots. The maitre d' is attractive and yet her effort to dress down only leaves her looking stocky in black uggs. The specialty is whiskey and absinthe but one bar serves only two cocktails containing any of those two ingredients and the other bar has abandoned the concept all together and serves beer and sports on TV. The lights are dimmed for that quaint feel  yet the live music is a new-age Jazz.  As for the food, while I liked the idea behind them (celery root soup sounds great), they were all super salty and the place was packed with men who could easily be on blood pressure medicines. Our waitress was really knowledgeable (always a refreshing surprise) and I really want this place to succeed. We need more "casual places" in that little corner of the city. But if you asked me I would say pick on theme and do it well. Otherwise, the effect is one of incongruency.Nice atmosphere, Open until late.  Dressy spot and one of the better places in Philly.Unlike our prior hosts at Moriarty's, Time was more than accommodating for our large party plus infant. We sat in the room to the left where there is a stage for live entertainment, although there was none on this night. I could've taken a nap along the banquette. It was super plush. 
Stellar fries. They were thick cut, fried until a chestnut brown and salted generously. They went deliciously with Stone Sublimely Self Righteous ale. I heard the risotto balls were must try, but I would take fries over balls any day.
I didn't check out the other two rooms at Time.  I'll reserve the whiskey bar and the Absinthe lounge for a future visit and update accordingly.I loved my first visit to Time. The upstairs bar is my favorite for the intimate atmosphere. The lighting is dim and mostly helped by candlelight. Specials are on a blackboard and couches and love seats are the options for seating. Downstairs there is a whiskey room and a jazz bar, which has live music and a deep absinthe menu. All in all, a fun place for a night out.One of my favorite happy hour spots!!! I freaking love this place. The drinks specials & happy hour food specials are amazing! What more can a woman ask for! Great drinks, good food & really hot bartenders to engage with while you drink. 
This neo soul timeless & classic bar is really amazing. One side there's live jazz & tables for dinner then on another side there's a bar area with such mellow music. It's not expensive at all here & there's something for everyone to try. I love the mixed crowd & during happy hour you get to meet & mingle. 
My rating below : Best out of 5...5 being the best! 
Vegetarian/ Vegan Food options: 4 
Parking availability: 2
Business Energy Cleanliness : 5 
Bathrooms: yes, 5 
Staff friendliness : 5 
Seating Space: 5
Service: 5 
Although it's on a sketchy side street, it just adds to the character of time. This will forever be a great place to start my happy hour bar hopping. Don't hesitate to check it out if you're in the city. You won't be disappointed. 
P.s. Ask for the speciality flatbread during happy hour, it's different every week. You'll thank me later!I have been here several times in the past and always have a good time.  The three bars make it helpful to pick a different spot for you mood.  The Jazz bar is always a great atmosphere, the whiskey bar can be a little bit more low key, and then the upstairs bar is fun for dancing on the weekends.Best place in Piladelphia to eat and listen to great music. Food was outstanding while the staff was knowledgeable and attentive. I will be coming back very soon. Time easily gets 5 stars from this tough critic.3 bars in one - live music room, tavern side with TV's & upstairs dance lounge.  The music room is a personal fav...hipster vibe with great jazz bands.  Recently experienced a Led Zeppelin set which was Awesome!  vocalist was amazing.  Good service, bar & dinner menu options.  The dinner menu changes but can be odd & challenging. Food used to be exceptional but has changed depending what you get it can still be really good or just mediocre.  Reservations required.TIME actually drew a pretty decent crowd for a Thursday Night; average age was around 25...Good Music! 'The Burger' was very good, though the salmon was just okay... and overpriced.My review is only for the Jazz bar side of it.  I have never been on the "pub" side and didn't really know that there was an upstairs until recently...and have never gone up there.
Great date place.  I have always sat at the bar here for drinks and dinner, and have always had a good time.  Usually have arrived around 8pm and get to enjoy some quieter jazz bands, and by the time I am done a couple hours later, it always seems like the band playing is louder and alot more people jammed in there....dancing, etc.
I always like to interact with bartenders as much as possible, and they do not disappoint here.  Knowledgeable and friendly.
Friday night I decided that I wanted to get on with Scotch...and my bartender was with it.  Making several recommendations and giving us sample of all sorts.
The food is nothing too crazy, but everything I have ever ordered has been pretty good.  The scallops are excellent, even though you get just two of them.  Mussels are A OK.  Salmon is excellent even though is mostly drenched in butter.  My friends have always like their mac and cheese.Live jazz and great whiskey drinks....cant really beat it. It was hard not to have fun here. My friends and I were lucky enough to get a table, the service was great and the atmosphere was better. We sat there talking all night, listening to great music, and surrounded by great people. I cant wait to go back. I hear there are different sections in time, and different bars all with different vibes. I am stoked to check all the sections out. Keep the whiskey coming!Walked in to a crowded dark bar on a Friday night (the room on the right), the bartender flew over to us reached over the people at the bar to hand us a menu, I don't even know how he saw us, but he made us feel welcome instantly.  We shouted two beers from the pretty impressive draught list (20 taps!) I have no clue how he even heard us. We went to try and find a seat and by the time we made our round a seat had opened up at the bar. I put my half drank beer on the bar and while I was taking my coat off the bartender swooped in and dumped my beer (he was too efficient for his own good!) he immediately realized what he had done and poured me a new full beer on the house, he even remembered what I was drinking. We asked a few questions about some other beers and he let us sample his recommendations and my boyfriend found a new favorite beer (and bartender man crush). We settled our tab and it appeared the beers were around $5/6 each which is pretty good for center city. As we were leaving I realized I had forgotten my scarf and ran back to the stools, again over comes super bartender with his LED flashlight to light up the area so I could find it! 
Now you may think that this is normal bartender behavior, but after a pretty bad experience of being ignored all night at sampan, I'll praise it!My first dance with the green fairy.  Obviously not the true green fairy, with paint thinner and asbestos in it, but hey, it was green.
A friend and I arrived full but soon grew hungry from the promising smells wafting out of the kitchen.  We ordered burgers, which we couldn't help but marvel at before devouring.  Impossibly crisp, thick-cut fries, and a fatty burger prepared perfectly medium-rare.  It was time for the green stuff.
Our server was very knowledgeable, guiding us through the different absinthes and absinthe-based cocktails.  We settled on several of both, and none disappointed.
Overall, their prices were a bit exorbitant, but you can't argue with the results.  And, frankly, I can't remember many of them.I am probably sticking to beer next time I come here.  Tired the happy hour champagne cocktail and I love champagne and champagne cocktails normally but this was disgusting.  My sister couldn't even finish hers a she usually a no drop left behind type chick.  I managed to down mine but it was rough.  Other than the one bad drink the bar area was nice, not too crowded not dead.I love Time - always have. Where else can you listen to live jazz or dance to house and pop music? The three rooms at time offer three distinctly different experiences for whatever peaks your mood.  Time for me is all about the atmosphere but it's food, beer and cocktail menus are all very good.
There is often a $5 cover but it's worth it for jazz in a lively center city atmosphere. There can be a line on weekends later in the night.The fried chicken and pumpkin pasta were delicious! The chicken was crispy with just the right amount of batter while being very tender. The pasta was definitely hand made and the sauce was light but fresh.We popped in on a whim seeing two musicians playing through the window. We got great advice on which adult beverages to try and the waiter/chef even let us -with ease - modify our orders because we have food allergies. Everything we had was delicious! Well prepared, fresh, even sinful! We had shrimp/grits, kale, quail and macaroni. Perfection!Great food, great drinks.  Kitsch it up a bit and pretend to like absinthe.  You know you want to.
My only gripe is the Friday/Saturday night crowd.  Not because of the people, but because what's usually a really great band during the week can't help but pander to people who think the height of Philly jazz and soul is covers of Hey Jude and Smells Like Teen Spirit.  But if my only gripe is an elitist comment about jazz music, then that's a pretty good sign.
Sunday and most days during the week, after 10PM, are good for solid, Philly soul.WOW this place was amazing. I will definitely be back next time I am in Philly. One of the best restaurant experiences I have had in a long time!Love the atmosphere here at time great for a date jazz music and the shrimp and grits are amazing swell. Weekends all 3 areas of the bar are open you can experience every vine they have to offer. Stop in anyway tho you'll be satisfiedTime is actually split into two bars - a jazz bar and a whiskey bar.  I scoped out their whiskey bar after a recommendation from a friend. Newbie to whiskey or not -- this is an excellent bar regardless.
You can hear jazz music playing in the background which makes for a more subdued atmosphere if you're looking to catch the game or just snag a couple drinks.
Ask for Tim. He's quite the expert on their whiskey selection and will give you the low-down on each and every whiskey you may want to try on any given night. He can also whip up a specialty cocktail based on your personal preferences.
Time also offers food items such as burgers, shrimp and grits, mac and cheese, etc. They even offer whiskey flights which I highly recommend.Popped in last night on the final leg of a bar crawl.  We sat at the bar and I was lucky enough to try the rum cocktail.  They have a cocktail for each spirit ... Rum, gin, bourbon, vodka...you get the idea.  Finally my hunger got the best of me and I ordered the Shrimp & Grits appetizer.  I've been seeing it pop up on menus lately, but it was the first time I've tried it.  I asked the bartender how hot it was, and he described it well as more of a creole spice.  It was really flavorful, beautifully presented and each element of the dish was cooked to perfection!  Plus it was a very generous portion for an app, and actually served as my dinner.  The bartender was great, friendly and skilled.  When we thanked him he even invoked the name of the place by saying a sincere "Any Time".  I'll be back, some Time soon :)The inside bar area had a cool vibe for sure, and they have an amazing selection of drinks! I want to go back and experience it not on a weekend night (and update this review with a second time possibly). I was slightly disappointed at the number of items on the menu....a few apps and some higher priced entrees. I think that it would be great for a sit down dinner but no so great for hanging and drinking. The bar area is pretty small, there are tv screens so I guess it would be nice place to watch a game. The bartenders are ver very nice and talkative which was great.Beer lovers, these guys know their stuff...  Great list.  Nice dinner, food music, good atmosphere.Loved our time at Time! (Sorry, couldn't help myself). We ditched our restaurant week menu in favor of the regular menu. We split the Mac & cheese. She had the ribs (unusual but good) and I had the excellent hangar steak. Very good happy hour wine (til 7). We'll be back!I really like it here! The atmosphere is really cool. The cover fee is $5, but they're usually playing live music in the first room to the left (really nice looking room, too), so I understand the reasonable pricing. The live music is never too loud and it's usually a really great band or performer. The upstairs is also lots of fun. I love how there are multiple rooms/levels in this place so you can have pretty much any bar/club experience you desire. I have not had the food here, so I can't comment on that, but they do have lots of good drink options.Really interesting whiskey and absinthe selection. It was cool watching the bartender prepare the absinthe with the water drops and sugar cube.Always my favorite place to venture out to for a night of stiff drinks and nice live music. The food here is DELICIOUS! The fries are OMG. The burgers, wings and seafood are just great. The decor is cute and nice. The musicians that they have play there are always very talented and entertaining. It's always crowded so I would suggest making a reservation if you want dinner. The bartenders are very nice, it's just takes awhile sometimes to get service since it's always so busy but that's really understandable!One of my favorite spots in Philadelphia.
Good drinks/beers, always live music, and a great overall vibe and decor. I used to be a regular at the Monday night open mics (purely as a spectator!!!) and every week it reminded me again of why I fell in love with Philadelphia.  I heard that they got rid of these nights, which would make me drop a star or two.  The crowd on Mondays was diverse, not bro-ish, and chill - just lovers of jazz, neosoul, r&b, etc, with a bunch of really talented people getting up to perform and jam. 
The food is also pretty good - only eaten there a couple times, but definitely enjoyed what I got!I look forward to winding down a long Monday work night with Trombo Piccolo's jazzy tunes (Wish they played here more often!) 
Love the vibes at this place. 
Wonderful staff, drinks, music, and company.
I've also hung out on the 2nd floor, which is the opposite of the 1st floor - a crazy dance floor filled with out of control college students...if that's your scene.
And the pub section adjacent to jazz section - not my fav.This place is fantastic. The outside doesn't do the inside justice. Inside there is a bar area and then a main dining area where they have live music. The atmosphere is cool and chic without being overbearing or snot-nosed if that makes any sense.
They also have a fantastic selection of Scotchs and Bourbons. Angel's Envy for me....yum. As for food the fried chicken sandwich with jalapeño slaw (i think), was amazing. It reminded me of the Honor Bar's (Beverly Hills, CA) chicken sandwich. The chicken was a generous portion and fried perfectly, the tender and sweet flavor mixed really well with the spicy slaw that accompanied it. I really don't remember much about the dinner except my Bourbon and my sammy, but I know I will be back for more, much more.This review is for the downstairs Jazz Bar at TIME. Let me start by saying that I tried to start my night at Chris's cafe. I held on to some great memories of Chris's cafe before TIME was around. But since this review is about TIME and not Chris's Cafe, I will let others read my Chris's cafe review under them.  
For a Wednesday night at 10pm TIME was busy and lots of great energy going.   We walked in and saw that the place was pretty much full. There were only two tables available in the whole place and they were reserved, I told the girl I would wait and she happily took us to one of the side booths along the wall, sat us right away and gave us menus for free (free you ask, yes, because at the other place it will cost you to get a table to eat!  At Time, we had great food, great mixed drinks and most importantly a great experience with the staff.Nice place. The lady bartender offered us great service. The live music is nice too.Food and drinks were good but service was meh. Nice whiskey selection. We sat at a bar table for food and drinks. Started with the crostini and wings, both were delicious. I then was debating between getting a burger or the fried chicken sandwich. When I saw the chicken sandwich had an apple slaw on it, I was sold immediately. The chicken was cooked to perfection, nice and crispy. Slaw was the perfect compliment. The bun was thick and not warm which I thought worked well, allowed the sandwich to not turn into a hot soggy mess! I had the He Said She Said drink which was very good.
Ok the service. Our bar server was nice, but she kept trying to take things from the table  before we were finished with them. We were sharing the apps and still had stuff on both the plates and more than once she reached her hand onto the table and grabbed the plates to clear, which we had to stop her from doing. At one point she was getting me another drink but I wasn't totally finished the drink I had. It was in my hand on the table and she tried to yank it from me. I was all "uhhh I'm not done with this yet." Not sure if she was trying to rush us or just wasn't paying attention. But we commented on it to each other several times.
Also, what's with the bathrooms being freezing cold? I needed to wear a coat just to go pee. Odd.A lot going on here. 
First floor has two sides, a whiskey bar and a jazz bar. The whiskey bar is very cool. Tons of whiskeys to choose. Very rustic feel that lends to the whiskey bar theme. The jazz bar is cool too. A bit more classy and "lounge-y." I was there on a Friday night and there was a live band, pretty cool and added to the vibe for sure. Upstairs was more of a bar/club scene. There was a DJ playing pop music with a big open dance-floor area. 
All in all, it was a cooler place than I thought it would be.Incredibly nice, thoughtful and easygoing bartender Josh is worth going for all by himself. And you must try the goat cheese flatbread: delicious crust, nice goat cheese and a lot of kale which must have been sauteed in garlic and a lot of lemon. Delicious. Can't wait to go back.Barely a 1. I had some Canadian friends visiting. They were so excited to experience a good whiskey bar. I brought them to Time only to get turned down by the bartender for them being "too intoxicated." They had a few margaritas at El Vez. That's it. And then we were looking for an after hours bar. They took my order, starting making it, yet when it came to my friends they turned them down. It was embarrassing especially because all they asked was for the bartender to recommend his favorite draft. Horrible service, horrible representation of Philly. I will never, ever recommend this place to any of my whisky loving friends. Or anyone at all for that matter. I thought we could have a great time there but the bartenders were too miserable on this random Sunday night. Lots of money lost for this bar. Don't bother with this establishment.Great bands---the Mac and cheese is amazzzZinggggg and so are the ricotta balls, oh and the beer and whiskey selection...Message for management: Your Saturday night doormen are crooks. We were leaving and my friend lost his coat check ticket. We described our jackets perfectly, even what's in the pockets and once we convinced them they were ours they said we had to pay them $50 to get them back. We ended up giving him $20 just because we wanted to leave and saw him promptly shove the bill in his pocket. You need to fire those cheats. I won't and no one I know will go back there until you do.If you're over 24 stay away.  I've been here a few times hoping I would have a better experience, but it's consistently been mostly an extremely drunk college crowd.  The prices are high, but not crazy for the area.This place is for people who like live music! 
The design made in old-time fashion and really match with music! 
Some people coming there just to get a glass of wine and listen to this inspirational sounds of piano ... or guitar....or smt else. They switching instruments what doesn't make you tired of one style music.
One more thing they have really good choice of draft beer!
One minus is food. Not about quality - about amount! We got 16$ cheese platter and it was not even for one person platter...as in other places for this price you can gett meat and cheese board!
So i will definitely come back for great live music and atmosphere .Restaurant week beef short ribs all bone no meat for the 35$ #gaggrub shameful for the rib cut !A while ago I took someone special here for a celebratory dinner on a Friday night & it was packed, so it's a good thing I made a reservation.  There are a few different rooms to Time, we were in the room with the main bar and a trio of loud musicians in the corner.  It's super dark in here, so don't worry if you didn't have a chance to touch up your make-up - your date won't be able to tell.  
We started with some fancy cocktails and the mac & cheese - so delicious.  My date got the steak, which he reported as "good," and I went with the sausage platter (keep your snickering to yourself!), which was awesome and a ton of food - we took half of mine home and had it for breakfast the next morning.  I also made us order the truffle balls, but these sounded better than they tasted - bland and fried.  
Overall a good experience, but for a little over $100, I'll try one of the other dozens of fantastic restaurants that Philly has to offer before I dine here again.  
Drinks, however, are certain to be had here soon.I feel that Time has to be analyzed on two levels: as a regular bar, and then as an absinthe bar.
As a regular bar, it's pretty good! During Center City Sips (that's Wednesday cocktail hours during the summer, if you didn't know), Time offers a very nice German Whitbier for $2. I'm a pretty happy camper whenever I'm drinking a $2 beer that isn't PBR! The servers are efficient and friendly, and there's not too much of a crowd, but it's not deadly silent either. (Plus, if you were ever there when it was Ludwig's, you'll be amazed at the remodel.) 
Now, Time's schtick these days is that there's an "absinthe bar" upstairs. It's just a simple open dance space with a little bar at the end. And house music. House music and house dancing have nothing to do with my "From Hell"-inspired rococo absinthe bar fantasies. If I can't pretend I'm drinking absinthe with Jack the Ripper in seedy old London, then I'm not going to bother drinking absinthe! (which is usually pretty foul stuff, my friends)
So, to conclude: Time the bar, a decent place to get a drink.
Time the absinthe bar? Skippable.Planned a great get a way to Philadelphia for my husband's birthday to include dining and enjoying jazz at Time. The ambiance of this place exudes intimacy. As I looked around everyone was engaging each other in heartfelt conversations while sweet melodies tickled our ears. The lighting is low and the live music is continuous. Totally everything I could have wished for within the evening. We ordered the shrimp and grits along with cocktails. The dish was delectable. The shrimp were a great size to compliment the dish. I booked our reservation through open table and requested for my husband's birthday to be acknowledged in some way. The restaurant executed this request beautifully. Great spot within walking distance of our hotel. Thank you Time!!!We headed here after finding its Foobooz Top 50 restaurant, and weren't disappointed.
Without a doubt the best thing on that menu is the bone marrow. Oh my WORD the bone marrow! First of all it's covered in bacon jam. What!? My chicken sandwich was good, but my date's burger was insane. Oh boy, that thing was amazing.
The beer list was alright, but in Philadelphia every bar's beer list has something amazing on it. I appreciated that Happy Hour ran on Saturday too, saved me some money. My date loved their drink lists, especially the Presbyterian, and their whiskey selections. I heard live music somewhere, but it wasn't on the main bar which was kind of a drag.
Definitely a great place to try for dinner. I'm not sure how it would do as far as a night out for drinks, but the food is fantastic.Was here for a date night. Luckily we made a reservation because this place is packed. Dinner was yummy! I had the fried chicken; the brussel sprouts were the best I've had. My boyfriend had the duck which was well prepared and tasty! 
My negative is the seating in the dining room and the noise level. There isn't much seating in the dining room area near the bar, so you have to make a reservation. Around 9:00 pm the bar was so crowded we could barely get out and it was hard for our server to get to us. It took almost 45 minutes to get the check. My only other negative is that the drinks are a little overpriced compared to nearby restaurants we've visited; they're also really small drinks. 
The jazz is superb!! We only saw one band, but we enjoyed them!! We wanted to stay for the second one, but it was just too crowded. 
If you want to try some premium liquor, this is the place because they have 3 whole pages of just whiskey!! 
Overall we liked the night full of good music and yummy food. If you want it a little quieter I would go in between 5 and 8, so you miss the bar folks.Went here for the first time over the weekend and would definitely come back.  The ambiance downstairs (whiskey bar) was right up my alley with a small band playing and a dimly-lit room with an amazingly over-sized chandelier.  A very chill vibe.  We got there early enough where we didn't have to pay a cover and were able to get seats at the bar.  While I didn't order food, the drinks were up to par.  It has somewhat of a romantic atmosphere to it too which was useless to me at the time being there with a friend :p
While I didn't venture upstairs my friend has on numerous occasions and said it's pretty fun but can get very packed very quickly.  Looking forward to going back and checking out upstairs.I forget how much I love this place (sans the weird upstairs raver party).  Jazz night, great happy hour, delicious fries.  The regular bartenders at both downstairs bars are fabulous and on point with the service and friendliness.
Last night, I learned about the 5 Josh's that work there, while sipping on my favorite, a champagne cocktail.  One day, I will recreate the amber beer bottle wall in my own house.I live in philly a few blocks away and have never been treated more unfairly at a restaurant in my entire life than I was last night and the management could care less. I have also never left a negative yelp review so this is my first one. The bartender was completely out of line and she is a liability to this establishment - avoid the bartender with large hoop earrings (not sure what her name was) at all costs if you go here; she needs a serious attitude adjustment or a different industry to work in. After I told her I would pay for my drink because it was a misunderstanding (she walked away immediately after giving me the beer, no mention of the price, so I thought my friend had a tab open that she was going to charge it to) she immediately went to the bouncers to have me physically escorted. This all took place within 10 minutes of entering the restaurant (great way to make 10+ people leave, too). I will never be back (this was my first time coming to Time). I called the restaurant after I was removed and the manager last night condescendingly asked me what he should do about the situation (really?) it was apparent he was not going to listen to anything I actually had to say or come remotely close to an apology. Regardless, I simply asked him why I was kicked out and he told me the bartender said I was swearing at her and that was grounds for removal. Unfortunately, this confrontational bartender who came out onto the floor in front of the group I was with to tell me she wasn't running an exchange program was in fact lying (or the manager was lying who said she said this). I was in no way shape or form swearing at her or being hostile and you can ask anyone who was around the situation or pull up their video to support this. This all stared because I ordered a st boniface libation, which is an ipa, but she gave me a stout (the manager thought it was a stout, too) I told the bartender she gave me the wrong drink but she refused to believe the libation was not a stout (my friend referenced above paid for this stout).Therefore, I ordered another ipa and left the stout at the bar (her reference to not running an exchange program). The bartender should have handled this completely differently - same goes for the management. This was a bizarre experience that I will have for life and will be sure to pass on to others. Anyone considering going here would have a much better time (and service) at McGillins or Opa which are right next door. Enter at your own risk!Had a great foie gras here a while back. This place has been a great meeting place, casual with an elegant touch, friendly service and nice snacks.The bar service is absolutely horrific (on the restaurant side). It only took fifteen minutes to flag down the bartender to order the one beer they were out of. Then when I throw down a ten and a twenty for a nineteen dollar tab, don't give me the ten and a single back. Break the ten for me. I don't want to wait another fifteen minutes trying to get change to give you a tip for the terrible service.Great food, relaxed atmosphere, and love the live music.  Skip the cheese plate - better other places, but other than that, amazing find.Just back from a wonderful birthday celebration a dear friend with some great music, food n a very attentive n amazing server Zac. The reason for giving this one star is the racial discrimination by the security personnel outside. A friend of ours forgot his phone inside which he realized after coming out that too after spending over 3 hours inside. All he requested was to go in and check at our table it the over smart discriminating bouncer refused to even let him go in there why cause his skin was brown, but when another white friend of ours went in to check he was not even stopped or asked any questions.... Does this sound fair, shame on you Times, that even in this day n age you have employees like that discriminating bouncer n then there are the amazing servers like Zac who need to teach these arrogant bouncers that they are there thanks to all the customers. Hope Time takes this seriously and solves this racial discrimination that is happening on their premises.By far one of my favorite bars in the city. It's on a strip with a bunch of other bar/club-esque places, and while it doesn't really stand out, it's the best place to go. The bar has three "sections:" to the left is the dining room that has live music; upstairs is club-like and gets extremely crowded on the weekends; and the right is the main bar, which is my go-to spot.
The bar has a great selection, which includes my favorite bourbon, so that's a win in my book. The drinks are also moderately priced as well as the food. I've only had a few dishes there, but each one was great. The bartenders are extremely friendly and help to keep the vibe very upbeat and fun, even when it's super crowded. There is also a juke box that my friend and I abuse, so that's always a good time.
Overall, every night I end up at Time, I have so much fun that they literally have to push me out the door at closing.I love this place so, so much.
Having been here several times before to dance (drunk) upstairs, I decided it was finally time to check out the menu during non-drunken hours.  Let me tell you, I am impressed.
For an appetizer, we ordered the mac & cheese which came with a not-so-heaping scoop of pulled pork.  The mac & cheese was delicious and creamy, but the pasta was a little awkward (it was like long, thick ziti) to maneuver - don't worry, I somehow found the strength and courage to get it in my mouth.  I didn't care much for the pulled pork and thought it a tad on the sweet side, but my friend thought it was delicious.  For entrees, I got the mussels and he got the burger.  The mussels were absolutely fantastic and came in a delicious safflower broth (I have no idea what safflower is, but I liked it).  My dish also came with a large helping of fries, but I was so full from the mussels and appetizer, I didn't really eat any of them.  My friend thought the burger was pretty good, moist, and tasty.  I have no other comments on that, unfortunately, because he devoured it before I got a chance to check it out.  
A comment on the drinks:  I read some comments on the dark and stormy and to avoid it - DON'T LISTEN TO THEM.  They are really good and priced at $5 for happy hour.  What more could a girl need?
If you haven't been to Time for dinner before, then I highly suggest it.  Food and drinks are awesome, wait staff is friendly and quick, and the happy hour jazz is soothing.Great place to sit and enjoy good craft beers. Plus if you like whiskey they have three pages of whiskies!I went here during Beer Week to sample some beers and enjoy a quiet dinner. We were the only people in the restaurant section, which would normally bother me, but it was actually pretty relaxing. We got the $30 dinner special which includes an app, entree, and dessert. For the price you do get a good amount of food. The service was great and the food came out in perfect increments. Everything was delicious and we cleaned our plates. I would recommend this for a week day dinner location.This place was awful. So overly crowded and expensive. Charged me $11 for two miller lite drafts. When I asked if they made a mistake the bartender hastily replied "no." Then I saw on the specials list (an hour later) that miller lite bottles were 4.50. They absolutely ripped me off. Felt like the crowd was really rude, definitely a lot of stuck up guys trying to hit on you and talk about their careers. Will never go back.Just not that impressive...with so many places in the city literally a block away or in the area...why even stop here...
$5 cover ruins it...and drinks are NOT cheap....
Upstairs was mobbed and downstairs looked like everybody was on acid and were just bobbing their heads to the pretty bad jazz band....again i'm not trying to be mean but this place makes it hard to be nice.5*** this place was amazing. Went late for munchies and drinks and there was really bad ass jazz band playing and we were able to sit right next to stage. The pei mussels, broccolini and spinach dip are great sides and the service and staff were very friendly!TIME is one of my favorite spots in Center City. They have excellent LIVE jazz downstairs every evening. The atmosphere is dark and lit by candlelight. It's a great place to bring a date, or a group looking to have some cocktails and dinner. The crowd here is well dressed and I would say late 20's and older. The bar menu is always a winner, with dishes around $10. The dinner menu is a little pricier, with entrees about $18. In another room downstairs you find yourself in a completely different environment.  This is a more casual crowd. Having drinks and sitting around listening to music. Finally, you make your way upstairs. Where you find a dance party happening. Everyone is dancing and having a great time. I like to start downstairs and have a light bite (the mussels are excellent) and than head upstairs for another drink and some dancing. I always have an amazing TIME at TIME!Cozy and laid back atmosphere and great mix of crowd.They usually have a great live  jazz band playing at night on the left side. right side is a sports bar an upstairs is wild dancing. i would recommend and come back in the futureI had a great time until what I thought was a bouncer came and grabbed my hand and started to drag me out. I was terrified, this large black man did not explain himself and was just dragging me out of the dance floor. He was acting as if he was a  bouncer, but I'm still not sure because he was not wearing any identification and did not introduce himself at all. I pulled my hand away because I was scared for my life, and he grabbed at it and then pulled me down to the ground and started to drag me across the floor as everyone watched but did nothing to help. My friend ran over and tried to stop him and he shoved her down to the ground as well. I was being dragged down the stairs, he was grabbing at my neck and eventually broke my bra in half at the front because of how fiercely he was pulling me down. My knees are bleeding and I took pictures of them, as well as my ripped clothing. Once outside, the other bouncers were telling me that I was crazy and that I was at fault because I was hitting the guy on the head with a beer bottle. Of course I was hitting him, he was choking my air supply off by grabbing my neck and I seriously thought that I was going to die at that moment. I was doing anything I could to stop him from dragging me across the floor. I started to hit him in the crotch so that he could let go of me and let me breathe for a moment. Another friend of mine was crying because of the way that I was being treated. I did nothing. I filed a police report and I am hiring a lawyer to represent me and access the video tapes. I did nothing wrong and was treated like a savage animal. I am suing this club and my goal is to shut them down.This was my first time here and I loved it! There is a $5 cover fee when you walk in, but it is honestly worth it. When you walk in you can either go to the Whiskey Bar on your right, or go to the bar to your left. They also have a bar upstairs! While I was there, I went to the bar on the left hand side. It was a big room, and they had a band playing as well. The bartenders were very attentive, and you did not have to wait long for a drink. They have a drink menu that you can look at if you are unsure what you want, but their prices are not that expensive compared to other bars in Philadelphia. 
When I first walked in, I was amazed because I felt that the set up was nice. They had seats at the bar, and tables that you could sit at. When I arrived the band was getting everything set up. The band was amazing! They sounded great and had everyone dancing. 
You may have to wait in a long line to get in, but it is worth it. This is my new favorite place to go to on a Saturday night! You definitely have to check Time out!Went to Time last night and the service was amazing. We had a server name Braheem who remembered everyone's name and addressed them as such each time he interacted with us. It was a party of 11 and he gladly separated the checks, made adjustments, and kept up with our orders. If you ever have a large party happy hour ask for Braheem as your serve you won't be disappointed and make sure to give him a nice tip.There are three distinct parts of Time that everyone should know about. Right when you walk in, you must pick a direction:
Right (Whiskey Room): has an old pub feel, the bar is cornered off and takes up a decent bit of space but there are multiple tables and chairs. This room can probably hold 50 people comfortably. There are TVs in here if you want to watch a game, but the real attraction is the whiskey menu. While unassuming, it is one of the better places in the city to find whiskeys of all types. Of all of the whiskey menus I've ever laid eyes on, this is in the top tier of offerings. 
Left (live music): this room is significantly larger than the whiskey room and has the majority of seating/tables at Time. There is a grand rectangular bar upon entry and once you shuffle to your seat you get served pretty quickly. It's not the best in the Gayborhood, but I think the food here is pretty good. This room has giant windows that open when it's warm out and adds a very nice touch to the room. There is typically live music here (jazz, band, etc.) and both this room and the whiskey room get really busy for happy hour so make sure and get here early!
Straight/upstairs (the club): I believe the upstairs is only open at night, but there is yet another bar upstairs in the back of the room which is usually pretty crowded. There will be a DJ up here spinning a good mix of rap/hip-hop/top 40/EDM. The room is dark and they have a great laser machine which makes it unique compared to its next door neighbors. This room is a lot of fun if you have a good group of people to go with who enjoy drinking and dancing.
All in all, Time is a good place to drop by or go hang out for a night. The drink prices are average, though they are pretty cheap during happy hour. The food is solid. There is almost always a crowd in one of the three (if not all three) rooms. They do charge a cover later at night on the weekends so be aware (I think it's just $5).Love this place! Great bar, awesome bartenders and the food was to die for. I recommend the ricotta gnochi.Time Sunday night is a must visit in Philly! Fantastic Jazz sessions for FREE!Great live jazz and a plethora of awesome whiskey to choose from is my ideal night to just breathe and relax. And if you ever want to try a Yamazaki - 12 yr, yes they have it.So many ways that one could interpret the name of this restaurant (/whiskey bar/music venue/taproom). 
I could spend a lot of TIME there around happy hour, when the drinks are slightly cheaper and the mini mac and cheese flows like water (it is... so good.)
I've spent far too much TIME waiting in the enormous lines on the weekend, trying to get inside so that I can climb around my fellow patrons and spend some serious TIME waiting for drinks.
TIME is money. Namely, $5 cover. And that.... well that generally sucks.
I must admit, the first TIME I visited Time, it was early evening and the drafts were $1 off for happy hour. The draft list was impressive, the bartenders knowledgeable and friendly, and the patrons all respectable, either enjoying some quiet conversation or sharing a small plate or two. My buddy and I enjoyed the mini mac and cheese, and I probably could've physically eaten at least two more (though, in my mind, I just went ahead and assumed I could eat the whole pot.) I saw one man reading the newspaper, another woman working on her iPad, and I thought "wow, what a nice, dark, intimate spot for chit chat and drinkies."
Fast forward a few weeks later, when it was a friends birthday and she chose Time as the hot-spot du soir. She wanted to bring ALL of her friends, and that was a lot of people. We gradually drifted over to Time around midnight, and I was blown away by the din of the crowd. And that was just the line outside. IDs were checked slowly but surely, and there was a steady circulation of customers, but it definitely took a while to wait it out. She wanted to dance, so I followed her upstairs and IMMEDIATELY scampered back down. The crowd was overwhelming, the heat hitting me like a wall, and not a mini-mac & cheese in sight...  I imagine that, had I been several drinks deep and looking to get hot and sweaty with some strangers, Time would've been the place to be. But I was not, and (for me) it was not.The bouncer was extremely rude and inconsiderate. He also disrespected my heritage. I'd give 0 stars if the was an option.This place was eh, average.
Visiting Philly for a few days - wanted to get some food and listen to live music. Their website boasts live JAZZ music nightly. Don't get me wrong, the music was lovely, but it was definitely not jazz. Overheard the couple next to us complaining about the music not being jazz either.
The whiskey menu is EXTENSIVE, however, the food menu is not. Would've liked to see more of a selection on their food menu.
Decor was cool, with clocks and a beautiful chandelier hanging over the center bar.
Best part? staff was SUPER friendly and efficient.Happen to stumble on this place. Wanted to go to El Vez but the wait was too long for the company. Was with so we found this place within a block. 
Half of it is a jazz bar
Half of it is a whiskey bar with TVs
There was 8 and we were seated right away. Waiter was cool ,attentive and knowledgable about the menu
There is a dinner menu and there is a bar food menu 
Cocktails- I tried the "regrettable text"- sweet drink with vodka, lemon, sugar and passion fruit.  It was very good
Bar food- my favorite was the shrimp and grits. SO GOOD- has hot sauce with you can taste a lil old bay
Also had the mussels in wine juice. The sourdough bread that came with it was good!  Also tried the Mac and cheese- it is with fontina cheese topped with two small pieces of pork belly. It was good but not my Fave . I tried someone's deviled eggs and it was good.  I saw the chicken sandwich and the burgers someone had and it looked goodFun place.. good drinks. We had a blast on a Friday night.. casual and not pretentious .. I would go back again.Love the jazz side of this bar. Great atmosphere and fantastic music on a regular basis!For my first restaurant week try of 2016, Time was a fun experience. I loved the ambiance, decor, and live music. There were times when the music got a bit loud, but it was really enjoyable ( such as a little jazz rendition of "Fools Rush In")
We stuck with the restaurant week menu, although many items on the regular menu were jumping out at us (duck confit, chicken & waffles..)
We both got to start out with a deviled egg, pickled veg, and a smoked salmon mousse canape. Every bite was packed full of flavor.
For the second course, we shared the caramelized onion & mushroom soup and pork rillette. The soup was beyond delicious, especially with the fried shallots. The pork rillette could have packed more of a punch as the flavor was a bit subtle. The grilled bread was a nice vehicle and although the pickled onions were great, they overpowered the pork. 
Next was a risotto course. Loved every bite!! It was perfectly cooked with a creamy texture and the butternut squash bites added nice texture to the dish. 
For the main dish, he went with the Bucatini with mushroom ragu and I was all about the Salmon with brussel sprouts, bacon and a rutabaga puree. Both dishes were hits and plates were cleared!!
Onto dessert..this got a little more interesting. He dove into his bread pudding and I always love Chocolate Pot de Creme. First bite, SALTY. Hmm, maybe they were putting sea salt on which would have been fun, but no.. I went for a second bite to just make sure..SALTY! So I looked at him and said taste and let me know your thoughts. He got excited as he scooped this really smooth and creamy dessert onto his spoon and as soon as he tasted it, we both started laughing. Salty desserts are an inside joke for us. He said, it's salty. I said no, it's a salt lick. LOL
The server was walking by and I think he noticed I wasn't touching the Pot de Creme. As he cleared the other empty plate he asked, was that by chance salty? Extremely. The server admitted that one other table said the same thing and they think the pastry chef grabbed the salt instead of sugar..which would make sense. He insisted on bringing out a new one and I caved. This one, although the flavor was great, it was pretty damn thick. 
All in all, it was a good time at Time :)Time was a great place to enjoy drinks and food! You walk in and you are given a choice to go left, where there is live music being played to the right where it's more of a bar feel with a juke box or upstairs with a dj and more for dancing. I thought that was awesome! We came across Time just looking for a late night bite to eat but I'm glad we found it.  
We first chose to go right which was the room with the juke box and sat at a booth. Our server was Sebastian and he was awesome. I ordered the chicken sandwich and my friend ordered the chicken Caesar salad. The food was amazing! As something as simple as those two dishes it truly was very good. We also got an order of French fries for the table and those were also delicious. The quality of the food was spectacular. Sebastian was on top of it with our drinks as well. After that we went upstairs to dance. 
The thing that I thought I was cool was each room had a different vibe to it but it all still worked at the same time. Next time I'm in Philly I will definitely be back. I highly recommend this place.My first time here last weekend for Halloween weekend! $5 cover which is nothing compared to the city
Drinks were amazingly cheap.. for 12th and Sansom area .  $4 yuenglings and $5 cran&vodka. Can't complain about that.
It does get super crowded upstairs, but it's a lot of fun! Really reminds me of L'Etage with the dance floor and vibes from the people. Music was a good mix to keep people moving and dancing. I'd come back to check out their happy hour and nomsssThe place was a bit pricey, but what can you expect from a wine bar/restaurant, whiskey bar, and absinthe lounge. I'm not a big whiskey drinker, so my draw was the absinthe. The Absinthe lounge upstairs is only open on weekends + thurs night. We were there on a Tuesday (after the Elite party at Mexican Post), so we sat at the whiskey bar. It was a simple and dark atmosphere, with clean lines and somewhat empty walls. This in totally stark contrast to the wild plant life I remember at the old Ludwigs establishment. If you haven't had the absinthe, I recommend that you try it at least once. No one in our group really cared for it, but I'll probably try to make my way back to at least check out the upstairs.I didn't eat here so I can't comment on the food, but my review is for the upstairs club area.  We came here for a bachelorette party on a weekend and needless to say, it was disgusting.  A bunch of sweaty, drunk, touchy-feely early 20 something's crammed into a dimly lit room is what you get here.  There was one bar, three-people deep to get a drink, oh yea, and throw up on the one side of the 2 sided bar.  Seriously so gross!This is one of our favorite spots.  Good selection of whiskey and the food is always good. Love those fries. We always come early evening and sit in the bar to listen to jazz. Always good musicians.Good food, good crowd, and a solid bar with good rotating draft beer.  I really like the ambiance of this place and the location is fantastic.  They get some great live music on the weekends that keeps it fun and exciting.  Large place with multiple bars!One of my favourite places to go out in Philly.  The first floor is a whiskey bar filled with live music, a great romantic setting with an old-fashioned feel.  Meanwhile upstairs is great for dancing, a small venue that can get crowded at times, but intimate enough that the dance floor is not overwhelming.  Perfect for someone like me who enjoys dancing, but not necessarily hard core clubbing.What a cute place for good jazz and decent food, even late on a Sunday night!  We had the best seat in the house...the crescent table in the corner with some good wings!  The apple martini needed some work, but the service was great!We were spending the weekend in Philly doing fun touristy things, and found Time on the NY Times 36-hours tour.
Overall, we had a good time... long list of whiskeys, good beer selection and music was great (only if you let the bartenders choose the music...felt schizophrenic when the drunk customers picked out the music)
Our bartender was great, cute and friendly...can't ask for more than that.
Looking forward to going back to Philly and Time again, next time for the Absinthe  ;)I have only been here to drink so I don't know anything about the restaurant part.  I was here on an idle sunday funday afternoon. My group of 3 friends and myself were the only few people at the bar.  We all enjoyed the absinth "experience."  The bartender was very knowledgeable and friendly.  He knew everything there was to know about cocktails, alcohols and their history.  It was a great time!Good whiskey choices
Just slightly overwhelming
Avoid the upstairs
Time purports to be three concepts in one address; true, but there's so much going on it's almost overwhelming. There's a room with live music (restaurant) and a happening upstairs (absinthe lounge), but more importantly there's a downstairs bar (whiskey bar & tap room) to which I'd be happy to sidle up on any given evening. 
The selection at the whiskey bar is impressive, with plenty of highlands and islands scotches, bourbons and irish whiskey to choose from. Equally impressive is the knowledge of the bartenders. Not only are they personable, but also able to make recommendations based on your tastes of the moment. They really do a good job of not only getting you exactly what you want, but also moving the crowd through the bar on busy nights. It definitely gets crowded here, but there's a decent amount of room to stand around at the pillars or tables along the window.
The biggest complaint I have about Time is the cover charge. I'm not going to enjoy the band I'm going to drink some whiskey, and am almost offended. Time is a good option if you're in the immediate area, but there are a few other places in the city at which you'll be just as satisfied dropping the same amount of cash.Time is a nice place and we had fun here. We went on a Monday night. On one side there was live music and on the other side it looked like a normal bar. I think there was a third area as well, but I didn't get a chance to check it out. We went on the quieter side (I think that's the whiskey lounge part) so that we could order food and be able to have conversation. They had good cocktails and the service was excellent. If you like absinthe or whiskey, you will definitely love this place. In fact, there was something for everyone here. I was also pleased with the service. Our server didn't skip a beat, he took care of all of our food orders and drinks. We were a fairly large group and there were no complaints. I will definitely go back to this place next time I am in Philadelphia.I've been a longtime fan of Time for their live jazz bar, chill whiskey bar, and vibrant upstairs dance floor. Unfortunately, I can't say I'll every bring my friends back after my experience tonight. As someone who has remained sober my whole life, I was baffled as to why the bouncer tonight, who wasn't the one who I usually see working the door, refused me entry because I was "too drunk" or "on something." I can easily forgive him for this inaccurate assessment; I had jogged up the ramp to the door and showed him my ID with a big old smile on my face for no reason other than I was in a great mood. However, what shocked me was that he refused to let me in after subsequent conversations in which he clearly could have deduced that, contrary to his initial assessment, I was sober, level-headed, polite, respectful, and did not raise my voice, get physical or act threatening. I explained that I was the Designated Driver for a large group of friends who were out celebrating a birthday, and was trying to regroup with them in Time.
I'm not calling for this possibly new bouncer to be fired. I'm merely pointing out that if I'm the owner/manager of a popular nighttime bar, it would be in my best interest to hire a more reasonable and competent staff with an emphasis on intellect and common sense.Went late night, but was very crowded and honestly kind of smelled. $5 cover and $3 coat check. Upstairs had a cool dance floor but we had to keep going downstairs for drinks. 
Decent for a late night hang out in center city. Big college crowd if that's your scene.I've only been twice, both on Monday nights.  There was not much of a crowd, the service was fast at the bar, but really the bar was only half full.  
Ordered two apps off the menu just to try their food and it was ok, nothing I would come back and order again.  I've been told that they get pretty crowded on the weekends with the drinking crowd and I've definatley seen a crowd outside and heard the music from time to time, so I believe this is more of a local drinking spot than a place to grab food.Great place to head on a weekend night. TIme gets crowded, but overall it's with a pretty decent crowd. The bartenders are attentive and the drinks are well made.Time is one of my favorite bar in Philadelphia. I never spend much time in the jazz bar but the whiskey bar is great. I always get a drink called "Green Tea." I think it's meant to be a shot but I love it as a drink. The whiskey bar is great when you get a table and you want to sit and drink with some friends but if you want to dance to some 2 Chainz or Beyonce go right on up stairs to the dance floor. It is quite dark up there but that's what DFMO friendly places are for. 
The bar upstairs gets quite crowded be sure to grab a drink downstairs. I've also had a valentines day dinner here at the jazz bar. it was quite loud and we had to yell to have a conversation. i wouldn't recommend that they continue dining seating in the jazz bar if they have loud music playersTime is a great cozy spot, and a worthy successor to Ludwig's Garden. With an amazing beer selection, dimly lit ambience,  and live music,  it is a great place to drop in for a few hours. Drinks are a bit pricey, so not easy as an everyday place, but certainly weekly.  Bartenders are friendly, and VERY knowledgeable and helpful with the drink menu.  Last night, a great Jazz combo called Bayou Blues was playing. It made for a great night. If you have the money, go all the Time (pun intended) , but, if you don't,  make it a guilt-free splurge.Stopped in during a bar crawl Saturday night and was really impressed. I still consider it brown liquor season so was very excited to enter the bars right side where whiskey of all types could be found in abundance. Bartender made us some spectacular drinks and we had another round of straight whiskey from a huge list of options. Didn't visit other side but it looked cool as well. Will definitely stop by again.