If you haven't been here yet, there is some TING WONG with you. Ok, I promise that's the last cheap Asian joke I'll make in this review. Speaking of cheap - this place! 4 of us had dinner with leftovers for $14 each!
When I'm sick I get super Asian and all I want is jook (aka congee)- a rice porridge. It's Asia's chicken noodle soup and Ting Wong does it well, with big flavorful chicken pieces. You can tell it's good because almost everyone (Asian) was eating this (and most people looked healthy). I'll have to come back for breakfast when they have the fried dough to dip in it (yep, Chinese people eat rice for breakfast).
We also really enjoyed the roast duck and roast pork and spare ribs. Clearly they do meat well here (just look at all the delicious looking meat hanging in the window). They even have Peking duck! (They have the pillowy mini taco type, not the crepe kind).
Service is not their strong suit, but the food comes out super fast and I appreciate our waitress talking us out of getting the wet chow fun and recommending the dry. What I don't appreciate is having to hunt our waiter down for water and having them offer us forks (what an insult!). They take credit card and are BYOB.'
Ting Wong, you'll be seeing me again, hopefully in full health next time, but definitely also when I'm sick again.They got shut down by health department before. But hey I still come here and it's busy as ever soooo what does that say about the food LOLBest and most reliable food in Chinatown. Perfect roast pork, great wonton soup and amazing ribs. My favorite meal here is breakfast. Can't wait to come back and try the lobster and duck buns.Good food and friendly restaurant. You have to try the BBQ duck. Fried noodles also tasty.Some friends and I went to Ting Wong for a quick bite to eat. I was a little hesitant at first, but now I'm glad we went. 
I ordered beef with string beans, which is also served with white rice. For the price ($5), it was certainly a lot of food! The meat was flavorful and the string beans were crisp. The sauce was yummy. I'll be back to try more dishes!CASH ONLY!!!!! I did pick up. The food was okay. It was all fairly bland, to be honest. It was so cheap though. The best things I had were the duck and roast pork. They actually had GREAT flavor, but the portion was tiny. The rest of the dishes were forgettable and I won't order them again (beef chow fun, lo mein noodles, and sesame chicken)This is my favorite Chinese restaurant in Chinatown, where I now live, but I have been coming there way before that... It is no frills, but the food is great, as are the prices! The duck and the soy chicken are my favorites (I order the appetizers without the rice). Their won tons are nice and thin and very good. Great fried rice too. They are also very efficient. Highly recommended.Ting Wong is my go to place if I want something filling yet affordable. When I go here, I would usually order the duck and wonton noodle soup but I've had other items on the menu like the pork blood congee and the seafood pan fried noodle. If its your first time here, I would recommend one of the noodle soup. The broth is very light with a little hint of flavor but its recommended that you eat the noodles with a little piece of meat and broth. The saltiness from the meat will balance out the broth.The food was so good..  the dumpling were the best .. general Tso chicken so yummyyyy!!!  Friendly staff!Quick and simple place to grab a bite, the service there is straight to the point. The food is always good. I usually order the rice with meat options or one of their delicious soups.LOVED IT!  Food was excellent and plentiful.  Staff was courteous and helpful.  Prices were just right.  Would definitely go back!!Pretty good Chinese food. The prices were very reasonable. I tried the congee with duck and the chicken lo mien. The chicken lo mien had a nice smoky flavor, which takes me back to Texas. The congee was okay, I'd never had it before so I didn't know what to expect.Mon endroit préféré pour manger du porc rôti quand j'ai fini mes courses dans ChinaTown.
Le restaurant étant aussi une rôtisserie, c'est l'endroit idéal pour avoir un canard, poulet, ou porc rôti à la perfection. Les prix défient toute concurrence, le service est très efficace et le thé est offert par la maison.
à tester !!!Not fancy, however, genuine food, was amazing. Waiter told us what was good and what go stay away from. Was a great vending with friends and a ton of amazing food! Highly recommend!!Takeaway dumpling soup I had two weeks ago was really good (reason for raising ranking). Dumplings had shrimp (case anyone's wondering. Menu doesn't note that).One of mine & my family's favorite place to eat in Chinatown & in Philly.
The service is great & food comes out cook & hot. The price is good too.
We recently tried their HOT & SOUR soup anew as pretty happy with it. My mom has been trying to find a place with good hot & sour soup considering the only places we've gotten it for a while is at buffets.
We also always get a Tofu & Fish pot dish (man I wish I knew the English names for it), a soy sauce fried noodle (literally translated) & salty fish fried rice (literally translated).
My dad also likes the congee.
And ... I will be sure to get the English names for those dishes next time.Had the duck over noodles...yummy. Highly recommend. It is a little hole in the wall, but great food.Love their food! Usually get the roast duck or soy chicken with greens and steamed rice. Yummy, and be sure to add for a fried egg on top ;) :PI seldom give out 5 ESTRELLAS but this unsuspecting Chinese eatery in Philly's Chinatown beat those trendy restos - with massive lines of non Asians. I happened upon this place even after passing it 3 times and was hesitant to go in at first. There was one waitress who was literally juggling 8 tables at once with a regular stream of customers; large and small groups. I usually stick with what I know when it comes to Chinese food so I ordered the "beefu" although called something different in Philly and their home made steamed dumplings; both of which were DAMN GOOD. 
A lovely patron told me a little History about the resto and that it is as traditional as you can get. And oh my
gosh, the prices are unbelievable!!! Apparently they have a sister restaurant in NYC Chinatown! I must find it!!Ting Wong has got everything I need from a Chinese restaurant. Tasty, cheap, quick food. I don't know how "authentic" it is since I've never really been to China, but I do know it's much better than the greasy, bland food at my local "Chinese" restaurant. Ting Wong is a great place to stop in Chinatown when you want a hot meal. It's not fantastic, but the won ton soup is really tasty, the prices are very reasonable, and the some of the tables are big so you can bring all your friends. The waiters are helpful and fast. Every person I've gone here with has left satisfied. Did I mention it's cheap? It's cheap.I was just reminded about Ting Wong today when i read Craig Labann's review for the Inquirer. 
Ting Wong used to be my go-to spot for tasty meat over rice with a little veggie. It was the best day-after-the-party fix in my college years because the food was tasty and filling. And cheap, which helps after you spent too much on drinks the night before. 
There is a weird smell which i didn't notice until i took a couple of coworkers this past summer. But it doesn't keep me away, it just inspires me to get my food to-go.Excellent roast meats. On Sunday afternoon we saw a tray of freshly roasted pork come out and within an hour another fresh tray came out.
Service is a bit lacking, so I deducted a star for that. But that's not unexpected in this type of restaurant. You go there for good comfort food, not for service.  The place looks clean, and you don't often see that in Chinatown restaurants. 
I would definitely come back.Cheap breakfast. It's pretty standard tastin for eat coast Chinese food. The rice noodle with BBQ pork - noodles were way too think and squishy. Porridge was ok. The place is pretty grimy looking - hole in the wall place.
Our waitor had a permanent grease stain all on the back side of his red vest. Gross!Traditional and typical Hong Kong food. I love love their breakfast section. 肠粉好吃！It is not a good place to sit down and eat though, because there are so many people and they are always loud. However, the waiter was so rude!The service was very quick! The waiters don't understand English too well, but the manager is phenomenal at being multi-lingual.  Great service!! The barbecue pork over rice was alright, just a bit dry.  The black pepper beef, though, was phenomenal. It really was was sizzling in front of you and it was very tender! It was a bit hard to get it off of the bone, but overall, it was delicious.We love this place. We have come here more than any other restaurant in Philly. We are partial to their soups, duck, chicken or  congee soup my wife enjoys. We are never disappointed and the soup is a filling lunch. I am sure there are many other items to order, but we love their soup.You don't go to Ting Wong for the ambiance or the service, but if you want real, honest, traditional Chinese food, this is the place. We go here for breakfast all of the time. Their Ho Fun noodles are really fresh and their congee is addictive. Cheap, fast, delicious and satisfying. Cash Only!You can end up with bad Chinese food in Chinatown if you don't know where to go.
My bf and I ended up at Ting wong the first time we drove into Philly and we were very happy. 
The food here is solid home-style Cantonese food. The noodle-soups here are very popular, I like the noodles with roast pork. The wonton here is clean tasting and light. 
Remember, it's not fancy Chinese, just simply noodle soups and meats over rice.
The roast pork (char siu) is on the leaner side and thinly sliced, but are generous portions that come with your order.
A little pricer than NY chinatown, but average for Philly (aoubt $1 more for everything).Old fashioned Cantonese food.  4 or 5 cooks working up front.  Great looking duck, ribs and pork.  Large bowls of congee.  Had a large plate of Singapore Chow fun filled with shrimp, meats and veggies.  Only $7.75 including tax.  A tasty deal.  Will return.Oh wow I had not been here for years but decided to come here for a quick lunch with a friend.  I had a shrimp with bok choy lunch plate and he had the shrimp with egg sauce plate.  Both were good albeit a bit salty, but made with plenty of jumbo shrimp - all for less than $6 each.  We also split a shrimp rice noodle app.  Inclusive of tax and tip, it was about $16.  The portions were very generous and we had leftovers.  They also have barbeque chicken wings, which I was very glad to take home a lb. of ($7/lb).  Still a Chinatown classic after more than a decade!YUMYUMYUMYUM
Just got back from my first Ting Wong visit (with more to come).  
I thought for sure I had found the bastion of cheap, fresh, yummy soups in the Nan Zhou Handrawn Noodle House, but I'm pretty sure that Ting Wong blows them away.  
I got the roasted duck noodle soup with egg noodles for $5 (!).  The duck in the soup is truly succulent, I'm probably going to dream about it tonight.  The portion of duck is generous and they give you all the good pieces. In addition, they make the soup a well balanced meal by throwing in some chinese greens.  My friend who got the duck with wontons in his soup said the wontons were second only to his moms.
The atmosphere like everything in chinatown is utilitarian, but contrary to other reviewers on here, I found it to be pretty clean, definitely clean enough to be non-repulsive.  
Free hot tea.
I will definitely be back here many more times now that soup season is in full force.On a suggestion from a coworker we came here. The  recommended Roasted Pork Noodle Soup with thin egg noodle was fantastic. Highly recommend getting it!It was very busy when we came and I was a bit uncomfortable when I saw servers carrying heavy dishes that were dripping with water across the restaurant. Someone could slip on the wet floor! 
The restaurant also appears to be more group oriented than for two people. We felt rushed as we were eating as we were the only Americans in the restaurant. However, we did wind up ordering typical American- Chinese dishes. My friend and I ordered the beef and broccoli and chicken lo mein. They tasted average at best. I probably should have ordered the noodle soups because they looked really good and definitely more authentic. 
  One of the servers also mixed up our orders with another table. She gave our lo mein to another table. We saw that the family who got our lo mein started eating a few bites in my dish!!!! The server then grabbed the lo mein after people had started eating off of it to correct the mistake and gave it to me. I know the family only took a few bites, and I know that in China everyone shares food, but seriously, that is unacceptable to give a customer food that has already been eaten!!! It's like giving someone burger that's already been bitten into.First time dining in this restaurant because I'm a bloody tourist visiting Philly for the 1st time, and as a proud Chinese FOB, I just had to visit Chinatown.  My girlfriend already knows this about me when we are traveling so she includes the outing in the itinerary.  And I must say, I am impressed with this Chinatown.  I feel it is certainly better than ours in LA.  The LA Chinatown has become a damn joke.  Anyway, back to Ting Wong, I ordered the basic peasant comfort food of Bbq pork & char sui over a bed of steamed rice.  That is my go-to item in any Chinese deli because even though it looks simple it is hardly so.  You can really tell how good the deli is by how they prepare the char sui and sui yuk.This place is quite all right. Ting Wong offers many dishes! I've been here two times. I remember getting a rice and fish dish! It was quite good! The decor of the restaurant is okay. The service is okay. The food is quite cheap. Overall it's an okay restaurant.Great fresh food, got the shrimp qiang fun , wonton noodle soup, and the seafood poridge. Fast service and great experience. Definitely would recommend this place to other.Came here for an early lunch before heading back to Virginia.  We are still trying to find roast duck that is better Siu Kee.
Service was quick but menu was lacking anything specialThey've changed the management as well as the chefs. Every time I go to buy a dish, the quality gets poorer. Recently, I ordered two dishes to go, and one order got left out. I was left sitting on the chairs by the cashier for at least 20 minutes... No one bothered to check on my order until I asked. I had ordered the Singaporean noodles and chicken and salty fish fried rice.
When I got home, I was thoroughly disappointed. Though the Singaporean noodles were good, the fried rice barely had any salty fish, and in fact, the rice didn't even seemed to have been fried at all. It tasted like they literally took white rice and added pieces of chicken and a tiny pinch of salty fish to it. Looks like I'm going to have to find another staple place to get my fill of authentic HK style food...Fish fillet buddda delight rice platter is the best!This place used to be the best roast duck, roast pig, roast whatever they hang behind the windows place. At around $6 for lunch its a decent price. But ever since they changed owners and staff the food has gone downhill. Everything seems to be lacking in taste and service. Like seriously who serves a dish with money in the same hand as my food!! Money is dirty! I know she had takeout in the other hand but I don't want money touching my food when I'm Gona eat it. Gotta find me a better roast duck place.Best Chinese restaurant in Chinatown. I just go for the Peking duck. Half duck runs for $16. Also try the won ton soup with roast duck.Soooo good! Me and my one year old had the fried rice and roast pork with rice noodles Hong Kong style. Very good!! My son made a big mess with the rice and the staff was friendly and cleaned it up no problem. Would Def go backThis place is always a great quick pit stop for an authentic Chinese lunch before heading back to Harrisburg, the land of rare culture.
Good choices off the menu are anything with roast duck, soy chicken, or their congee. My personal favorite is the broad rice noodle soup with roast duck. Yum!I wouldn't say this was a great chinese restaurant, but it's ok in Philadelphia. I had the seafood congee and it was a bit thick and bland tasting. The Chinese crueller or donut was very greasy and stale. I had the soy sauce chicken and duck ove rice. The vegetable was cold and the duck and chicken were all bones and no meat. I may have got the chef that was trying to get rid of these boney bird parts like the tip of the chicken wing. This restaurant is basically a no frills service and fast food noodle rice place.  I am not sure why it won the best of philly award for best restaurants.I've been going to Philadelphia's chinatown since I was a child, and have tried countless of restaurants in this area with my family. Though new ones continually open up, this one is possibly the best place to get cheap, authentic, and delicious Cantonese style food. This has become my comfort food. My family and I go here every time we come to chinatown, no matter what.
Yesterday, my family drove from NJ just to go to this restaurant (and run some errands). When we walked in around 4:00 pm, it was actually quite busy. What was more shocking was the renovations done and the new waiting staff...they had sold the business to someone else? I was nervous about if the food would change.
We ordered what we always get (not sure the english is perfect since we order in chinese):
1 sliced beef noodle soup
1 beef stew noodle soup
1 anchovy fried rice
1 deep fried tofu with shrimp dish that isn't on the menu, but my family magically found this dish by talking to management or something
The food is always amazing and I've never had a problem with it. Yesterday though, the fried tofu dish was different from how it was originally made. Instead of the dipping sauce on the side, it was smothered with some oyster, black bean sauce. Definitely weird just seeing the subtle changes that occurred after reopening of Ting Wang.
It's also weird since the waiters used to know our orders and recognized our faces. Hell, my mother even told the waiters where my sister and I currently study. They were like some odd family, we would see once in a while.
Nevertheless, Ting Wang even after it's reopening (much nicer bathrooms and more sanitary eating area), is the place to go in Chinatown if you don't want to spend a lot of money and eat great food. Be sure to pick up some duck on the way out.Perfectly glorious meal served with professional deadpan efficiency w/out obsequious prattle. Just great food. Be prepared to be impressed.I live next door to this place and hv made it my go to quick cheap dinner fix. Positives: the lo mien, the combination congee, the fried tofu, the cut meat rice plates. This place had a lovely shrimp noodle domain which I absolutely fancy.
Negatives: the service, the roughness, the duck was not great. 
All in all, this place is authentic. Service and all. Non Asians may seem a bit frazzled, but just know it's an in and out place. 
I was jumping between three and four stars, I gave it four in the end because of the taste and value for which you pay. It should get a three for how dam rough the staff is at times.I have no idea why I don't live in a state with a proper Chinatown. I could live and eat in Chinatown Philly (and NYC) forever especially with great places like Ting Wong.
The space is small but we were seated quickly even though there was a small line for lunch on a Thursday. I ordered the duck noodle soup (my favorite) and my aunt ordered the pork with rice platter, wonton soup, and some fried bread (my 2nd favorite).
The flavors were rich and they were good portions for the affordable cost. I loved the wonton soup especially since the wontons were stuffed with lots of meat that was marinated well. Her crispy pork was delicious as well. Service was quick and attentive. We were in and out in no time. Facilities were moderately clean, much better than many Chinatown restaurants I've frequented. The menu was expansive and I could definitely eat here every day with the variety they offered for such a small place.Great spot for congee but the best dish for my money is the soy sauce chicken.  Reasonable prices. Cash only.  The decor is lacking but the food is fantastic.They've got the best BBQ Pork, Roasted Duck and chicken in town.  I love getting to go here and making some veggies at home for dinner.  The restaurant itself is a little dirtier than to my liking, but the food is good.Basically a cheaper version of Sang Kee but very good still.  Would definately come back.Roasted duck was my favorite. Porridge was flavorful and had a lot of fresh ingredients in it. Fried dumpling was not authentic, to be honest.Great place for a delicious and inexpensive meal. Place has no decor but fast service and good food. Wonton soup is great here.Ordered for pickup on New Years Day. Every dish was delicious. Would recommend their duck and pork combo with noodles highly!Tonight was our first night in philly China town and my husband googled best food in China town and this place was on top of list. We had duck and rib appetizer and fried rice. It was outstanding! I will go back tomorrow!A quick update...recent visits for lunch have made it clear that the kitchen has woken up from its past malaise and has reestablished itself as one of the better Hong Kong styled eateries.  Gone is the heavy-handed soy sauce douse that drowned the dry stir fried beef chow fun  and the smooth egg with beef over rice. Some of the subtleties of the ginger and scallions come through better.  As requested by my carnivore son, we started getting the Beijing Style Pork Chops which can easily be too sticky and sweet.  Happily, it was neither and while not the best we've ever had, it was enjoyable.First off, this place is like Sang Kee where they don't take credit cards....CASH ONLY!!
I hate that...so annoying. But I would definitely say that Ting Wong is like a fast food Asian restaurant that is being run by these 2 brothers...they are quick, efficient, and they mean business when it comes to food! This time, we decided to order a combination BBQ plate (ordered off the menu of course) that consisted of Peking duck, barbecue pork, and soy sauce chicken as an appetizer. And then the food just kept coming on! We also ordered a bowl of dumpling soup, congee soup for my auntie, and then beef chow fun noodles with gravy sauce. While there barbecue meats may not be as good as Sang Kee, it is pretty close....I just wish that they would serve it hotter. The dumpling soup was pretty tasty....I think 8 dumpling pieces for like $4. The best part of the meal though was the beef chow fun....so tasty!! Lots of gravy sauce, tons of beef, and lots of veggies like bok choy. 
Pros:
- Pretty inexpensive food that comes out super fast!
- Barbecued meats are tasty, but just walk 1.5 blocks down the street to Sang Kee for the good stuff
- Beef chow fun is great!
Cons:
- Wish this place took credit card!
- One thing with the beef, it's really tasty, but I feel like there is some kind of coating on top of it......
Why I gave it a 3.....
While the food is super fast and pretty tasty, I've eaten at better restaurants in Chinatown. This place needs to start accepting credit cards because I don't carry $100 in my wallet all the time. Barbecue meats are good, but Sang Kee is better.Oi!?!  what's with the bashing of Ting Wong's customer service or lack there off?  Seriously the food here is great and hands down they have the best prices in town.  This review is not about about waxing lyrics about the succulent food and the jaw dropping basement prices but rather a defense of Ting Wong's customer service.  I have only started going to this establishment and within my 2nd or 3th visit there I was treated like a regular customer.  They knew my go-to-order, was always greeted with a smile and our water glasses were always promptly refilled when it was near empty.  Our waiter was never too busy to check on us even during peak lunch and dinner time.  Hands and feet down, the service we received  at Ting Wong is way better than that other restaurant "San...ke.." whose name we shall not mention in full here :)I used to come here all the time before the ownership change recently, and they always had really cheap comfort breakfast food like congee or wonton soup. never tried the rice dishes but they looked great as well. the only complaint I had before was that their service was a tad bit on the slow side for a quick place for food and the sanitary standards weren't too high. but now with the new owner, the place looks nice and renovated (although now it's busier), and so many more staff members as well. food quality doesn't seem to have changed so that's the good news. I will definitely come back again soon for my congee (who says no for a 4 bucks a bowl with roast pork or duck?)Stopped in here with my little girls on Monday. Terrific from start to finish. Had the roast pork and duck noodle soup. Fish congee, Young Chow Fried Rice, pan fried dumplings and Peeking Duck. Everything was off the charts good. They use only the egg yoke in the fried rice which is great the duck is just perfect inside and out. My 6 year old girls loved everything too. The service was outstanding we felt pampered and this place is far from gourmet. This will be my go to place in Philly Chinatown. Prices are VERY reasonable we paid $10 for half a Peeking Duck?? Total bill was only $42 gave them $60 and felt great about the whole experience.We stumbled upon this gem while wandering Chinatown on a Saturday afternoon. It can be somewhat overwhelming to figure out which restaurant to choose, but the "Best of Philly 2016" sign on the front door signaled that we were on to something special. The first time we visited Dining Partner and I were seated at a table with another couple we didn't know. Kind of odd, but worth it. I had the roast pork noodle soup. The second time I had the roast pork lo mein.  The roast pork is the juiciest, most flavorful I've ever had. The most awesome thing is you can get a heaping plate of it as an appetizer for just $8. Dining Partner had the brisket and wonton noodle soup both times we visited. It's a no frills restaurant and the plates and floors are kind of sticky. The servers are friendly no matter how busy they are. Cheap, delicious food.I order take from here once a week. I usually get the chicken congee and a quarter of white meat scallion chicken. Sooo good and cheap! Also it's fast. I do takeout vs. sit down, bc it's not a very conform able sit down restaurant.
Also, the roasted duck and pig here is too good and much better then sang kee. The is a legit duck house very similar to Hong Kong!Average, serviceable Chinese food. Not that great not that bad. Trying new places #yolo, #shouldhavegonetodimsumgardenIf you're not in the mood to read a long review, skip to the summary paragraph at the end.
Whenever I went to Siu Kee, I'd see Ting Wong out of the corner of my eye and wonder if I should give this place a try. It wasn't until I saw the construction going on inside that I finally decided to make plans. There's something about a closed storefront and a notice of construction that really gets me interested. It's like a promise of something good to come.
Entering for the first time, I was a bit perplexed. Ting Wong seems to be in the midst of transitioning from a casual Cantonese barbecue joint into a trendy Chinese restaurant. Whether or not Ting Wong will ever make it to the destination...I have no idea. The walls were a little too white and the lighting a little too neon. Then again, this is Chinatown. There are no rules here.
Onward to food, the only portion of the review that really matters. My friend and I tried the roast duck congee, roast duck-barbecue pork combo over rice, and chicken anchovies fried rice. While none of these dishes disappointed us, I would probably only order the chicken anchovies fried rice again.
The roast duck congee was prepared differently than I'm accustomed to. Instead of placing the sliced duck on top of the congee, the cook deboned, shredded, and incorporated the duck into the rice. Although deboning the duck encourages good table manners, it also completely separates the fat from the meat, leading to bites of only fat and rice. Not pleasant, I promise you.
I discovered from trying my friend's roast duck-barbecue pork combo that the roast duck is actually very good. The meat is tender and flavorful. The skin is satisfyingly greasy and springy. I would say that it's the second best roast duck I've had in Philly's Chinatown. The barbecue pork was unfortunately dry and flavorless.
For those who aren't familiar, chicken anchovies fried rice is essentially chicken fried rice cooked with little pieces of dried, salted fish. This is one of those dishes that restaurants tend to get wrong by either putting too little or too much fish, thereby throwing off the balance of flavor. Ting Wong puts just the right amount of salted fish -- Goldilocks would definitely approve. ;)
In conclusion (cheers to fifth grade sentence starters), Ting Wong is a typical, reliable Cantonese barbecue joint. Come here for good roast duck and chicken anchovies fried rice. If you get the roast duck congee, ask for the roast duck on the side. Avoid the barbecue pork. That's all you need to know!Went there on Jan 12, 2018 at around 2 pm. I was waiting for my friend and so I didn't order first. I felt that the waiter was very rude, they were walking around as if to say that I should order. In the end, I paid them and gave them little tip for their bad service. When they saw that I gave a little tip, they insisted to ask me to give them 15 percent tip. Food is okay but service is horrible. Won't come back anymoreLike for almost everything in Chinatown, bring cash to pay. They do take credit cards but there is a minimum and an extra percentage charged to your bill. The duck ($7) was moist and a great pairing with the thousand year old congee. The salt from the duck was well balanced with the more toned down flavors from congee. I ordered for to go and I think you get your money's worth for the congee ($6). For those who don't know, congee is a type of Chinese porridge. Really, you're supposed to eat duck with rice or steamed bun, but it was cold in philly so that's what I ordered.New owners, food is tastier here than other duck houses... And the price is great! 
I eat breakfast here a lot and love my preserved shrimp with scallions cheung fun.  Service is ok, but typically chinatown joint.Well this place is closing on 10-15-2014,  the old guard is being replace with new faces.  Ting Wong will stand and be opened up in the same spot but will the food be the same?  Time will tell.  As for my last meal at this place, wonton soup with roast pig was freaking awesome!  Hope the old guard will reopen somewhere else in Chinatown.This review is strictly about their noodle bowls. I came here for lunch because I read some good reviews about their noodles (how it's better than Nanzhou).
It ain't better.
Their noodles aren't hand-drawn (or hand-made). The style of soup is similar to Sang Kee or David's Mai Lai Wah, and Ting Won's soup is inferior to both. I like Mai Lai Wah's noodle soup the best because their wontons are the best. Sang Kee, not as good as Mai Lai Wah's wontons, but their soup and meat are delicious. Ting Wong, their soup is bland, their wontons wrapping is hard, their wontons flavor is off, their meat isn't as delicious as Sang Kee.
One minor note, the place smells like old oil. It reminded me of hole-in-the-wall places in Hong Kong. But my wife was a bit grossed out by it.Nice spot to have a authentic canton cuisine. Be aware not to order roast pork. It's not a place for this. And remember bring cash if you are not planning to spend over 15 dollars.Great everything even for the less adventurous eater. We had the chicken and corn soup, chicken and Chinese veggies and sweet and sour. All delish.For the Hong Kong style BBQ house, Ting Wong is the best in Philly. Sure you have your Mai Lai Wah, Sang Kee, Wong Wong and the nearby Rising Tide, but none of them get the taste as authentic as Ting Wong. Tong Wong just gets it right. Sure, Sang Kee's BBQ is pretty good but they have been more Americanized, it's OK if you're into the style but it's not truly authentic and their wontons have thicker skins to be called superb.
I can recommend any barbecue items. Everyone likes the BBQ Pork (Cha Shiu), the roast duck is also delicious, I personally like the scallion chicken as well. For noodle soup, order the wonton, BBQ pork combo. If you want a rice dish, get the BBQ pork and duck combo. They also have a great beef stew noodle soup. They also have great congee here and nothing beats a bowl of pork with preserved congee on a cold day. 
The prices are great unless other tourist traps, the guys behind the counter are friendly, but the store can use a detailed scrub down. Also they don't open on Tuesdays but for authentic Hong Kong style BBQ house experience, Ting Wong is where it's at.I'm glad to see that Ting Wong has such great reviews because it deserves them. I've never had a bad meal here, and the food is always a good price. I could write a long review, but all I really think I need to say is:
Breakfast: cheung fun + congee
Lunch/dinner: assorted meats
Yes.Having been to Hk many times and have had roasted delights in USA countless times. I think this is the best restaurant I've been so far.decent pickings are strangely slim in philly when it comes to chinese food but this place makes me so happy. simple, consistent, and delicious porridge and roast duck. my favorite porridge and recommendation would definitely be the pork with preserved egg porridge. if you're feeling adventurous the stomach porridge is really good, too. add a small side of half duck/pork and you're set! 
they have your orders ready for pick up within ten minutes, too! the workers are always pleasant and working hard. this restaurant is definitely one of philly chinatown's best in value and qualityThis is a must-come place in Philly, with very traditional Cantonese food served. They've been recently refurbished with everything inside and everywhere looks clean and nice. Loved it!This place is a hidden gem in Philly's Chinatown.  The duck noodle soup is to die for and the spare ribs the same.  Peking Pork Chops over rice is awesome.  Really, everything we've ever had here (we've been here many many times) was super tasty, fresh and well prepared.  The only thing I'll say is that if you're looking for atmosphere, this place isn't for you.  It's a simple and ordinary looking little restaurant that's all about the food.  The servers, btw, are always very pleasant and efficient., too.Food itself probably earns 3 stars, but the food you get at the price you get it for? I'll bump you to 4 stars, Ting Wong. Everything was simple but not greasy. We got the roast pork because it sounded delicious, and while it was fine, it was the least impressive dish, which is saying something. The star of the show for me was the chicken congee. Jam packed with flavor, the chicken was cooked just right, fantastic. We also got a wonton soup, the wantons were more like shumai, tasty but I'll be returning for the congee.GOT TO GET THE ROASTED PORK AND DUCK RICE DISH HERE. It's cheap, it's good and it's fast. The place is a bit small but it goes pretty fast on a good day. I also am a fan of the pan fried seafood noodles here as well. But the pork and duck rice dish is definitely their best.I love the roast duck, barbecue pork (char siu) and roast pork at Ting Wong.  Their congee is very authentic as well.  Highly recommended!Ting Wong is one of very very few good restaurant in Chinatown. Their congee oh so yummy. Their roast pork oh em gee. Their price unbelievably cheap. But still.. it's in Chinatown. So if I wanted to eat here, I have to go either early morning or Sunday.. since parking can be ridiculously painful around here.
There's not much contact with the waiter and they aren't rude. Maybe it was early in the morning. I don't know. Not a problem to me at all so yeah.
I'll try their meats on white rice combos next time.. or maybe their hong kong style noodle.. or.. gahhhh!! I can't decide.. A lot of yummy and cheap but filling food over there! Seriously!!What's not to love! Roast duck noodle soup is chock full of flavor, rich broth and the duck.... Not one hipster in sight!Outside certain core areas in the US, good Chinese food is slim pickings. And let's face it, Philadelphia is not exactly known for its Chinese food. Truth be told, I didn't even realize there was a Chinatown there until I started visiting the city. So, I was pleasantly surprised when I found myself having a satisfying meal at Ting Wong!
Ting Wong serves legit Chinese food - Hong Kong style to be precise. I had a nice variety of dishes: roast duck, soy sauce chicken, won ton noodle soup, seafood congee, and pork and thousand year old egg congee. Good flavors; while it wasn't the best I've ever had, it was decently on point and if I lived in Philly, Ting Wong would be a go to place for me. 
The decor is nothing to write home about, but the food's cheap, comes out quick and with good portions. Great for take out too.
The verdict: 3 stars + 1 star for being a diamond in the rough = 4 stars overall.The meal was very good but the staff was overbearing. We had to ask several times to give us a little room to make our choices. Then when we were almost done the one woman was going to refill my sons water and the man told her not too. I felt very uncomfortable and rushed to leave. We were visiting a friend that we had not seen in a long time and just wished to chat a little while longer. They were not busy and there was not anyone waiting to be seated.Came here based on Craig Laban's review and got one of the noodle soups.  Although tasty, it was not so superior to others I have had in the area.  The restaurant had many others for lunch so a lot of people do think it's good.
I also got some dumplings which I have the same opinion about; nice, but not so superior to make this a go-to place each time I'm in Chinatown.
I'll be eating around to find something I like all the time.I love going to Chinatown restaurants. Doesn't really matter what big city I'm in. The environment is pretty much the same. This place is no exception. The staff was friendly and very attentive. The dishes we ordered were very good and the portions were large. We had to take the rest in boxes. I would go back here when I'm back in the area.If you see my photo, the portions can be very large. I got the chicken lo mein. Service was very quick, although that can be attributed to a relaxed day - there were about 6 other customers with me in the restaurant. It's really nice to see that they have tables of all difference sizes, for 2, for 4, for 8. I didn't feel bad about eating alone (although it was a bit sad, to be honest).
The layout of the restaurant is exactly that of M Kee. As in, the location of the kitchen, seating, etc. Quite eerie, but I think it works well. There is enough walking room so that the waiters don't have to play tetris to reach their respective tables.
The meal was fine. I was served with water as soon as I came in. As mentioned, the portion was large. Was not expecting that, especially for $6. A bit salty, and I'm sure more than enough sodium for a day's worth. Regardless, good bang-for-my-buck. Came out satisfied.
They also don't charge tax, and their payment system wasn't conducive for smooth tipping (when you're done with the meal they give you a receipt and you go to the front near the entrance to pay.
P.S. very cheap congee!Come here for the chicken anchovie fried rice.  A single sensation in umami... yum. For some veggies, order something with "Buddha delight" in the name of the dish.  We had Buddha delight chow mein.  
Decor is definitely spartan.  Service is basic no nonsense.  
Hot tea is served in glasses here.
Prices, a very reasonable $5-9 dollars per entree.So you want Chinese food. Not that Mall food court Chinese food, not the take out from the corner because it's close Chinese food, but Chinese food that is what it should be...well, then get downtown and sit yourself down at Ting Wong. Then, what to order. Won Ton Soup to start and as you wonder how they get such light, delicious and non-doughy won tons in that soup, order the duck, the fish and ask them for what they just finished in the kitchen...you will never go wrong. Now that you're happy, full and know what real Chinese food is supposed to be, pay your bill, which is WAY lower than you ever expected, and tip generously. Take a look around at the full tables no matter what time you are there, and know you are as close to great food China style than you'll be anywhere else but NYC's China Town, where the owner was trained. Enjoy!my fav spot for soup during cold months. the wonton has shrimp in it and the wraps are very light! (if you expect the same wonton you get in your neighborhood spots...you'll be disappointed.)
soup with a side of roast doak and rice yum
parking lot across the street next to fire house.Cheap cheap cheap. 
Everything is $6-8 ish. At most $10. 
There's a dish where they put seafood and veggie in a deep fried noodle bowl, and everyone was ordering it as an app. 
Roast duck is a must. Crispy skin, soft juicy meat. 
Spare ribs aren't as good as roast duck, but still quite good.
Portions are huge! $7 got me enough noodles and meat for 2 meals. Hong kong noodles are like stir fried curly thin ramen-like noodles in soy-sauce-based sauce. 
Rice dishes tend to give disproportionately large amount of rice for the amount of meat on the plate.
Oh and their congee is cure for cold. Congee is savory rice porridge, and they flavor it really well. I love the preserved eggs! Looks disgusting but the taste is like chewier eggs. And the yolk become very jelly-like. Idk, try it to see for yourself. Only $5 for a quart! I think plain is  $1.50. And it comes out super fast.After reading LaBan's Chinatown restaurant run-down, Ting Wong struck me a the first establishment I needed to visit. A simple, inexpensive, low-décor, duck house--how could this not be first on the list?
My girlfriend and I visited on a Monday evening and left smiling. 
Upon entering we were greeted by our server and seated in one of the restaurant's small pick of tables. We shared the Duck Wonton Soup, Roast Pig, and Beef Chow Fun with Black Bean Sauce. All classic and delicious.
The Roast Pig, in particular, was the pick of the lot. Succulent, boneless pork surrounded by a skin crispier and more flavorful than a plate of cracklins. 
Their menu is expansive but Ting Wong seems to do soup, duck, and pork the best. A simple glance at their front-of-house kitchen (lined with roast ducks, pork belly, vats of meat broth, ribs, and more) quickly confirms this hypothesis. 
One interesting note from the LaBan article--the Chicken Wonton Soup is supposed to be excellent. Apparently Ting Wong, everyday, gets fresh, live chickens from the local poultry shop to make their soup. And while the Duck Soup was great, the prospect of FRESH chicken (as in living that same day) is too good to pass up. It will be the first thing I order on my next visit.
All that said, at Ting Wong, if you stick to the basics I don't think you can go wrong. Highly recommended for the unpretentious.The prices of the food is really good compared to other places in Chinatown. I really like this place because I feel it is one of the more 'authentic' Chinese restaurants around Philly. I come here regularly for the beef chow fun!What kind of service do they have there ? Rude and keep rushing us every second, and the fact that they didn't even give us water! When I ask for it, he has to give me that attitude that would fk your mood up.for the food,  The duck was really good. One star for that.Good Chinese style cuisine, worst integrity. Charged us 15% tax (which is $4 for a $28 meal) on a handwritten receipt. The waitress there told us the Tax IS 15% in Philadelphia when we asked her:/My friend raved about their congee. I'm honestly not a huge fan of their congee. Well it's not like I can do their congee justice because I have not eaten enough. 
I will say that service is kind of meh but what do you expect from a authentic Chinese place. I think the waitress was upset that we were being indecisive. 
One of the best things about this place is the price. Everything is super cheap. Great small eats for super cheap is always good in my book.
It looks like they also serve chinese breakfast here. (dou jiang & You tiao) I'll be back :DSOME Ting-Wong please. Please is there SOME Ting-Wong? Does any one know if SOME Ting is Wong? I think there is some Ting-Wong here.Enjoyed our early Friday Chinatown dinner after driving in from NYC and finding this 4 star restaurant on Yelp.  We're always eating in Chinatown at home but the food here definitely met our expectations including for value, quick and friendly service. While our cliche order comprised of seafood pan fried noodles and pork/duck over rice, the meal definitely hit the spot plus they accept credit cards, which I consider worth mentioning since many chinatown restaurants in NYC are cash only.One of my favorite restaurants in Philly's Chinatown. The food is so authentic and tasty and definitely more affordable pricing compared to other restaurants. I haven't been in awhile but when I went back, they had renovated the place so that it looks more lit and open.Very efficient and fast service! Food tastes great and come in good proportions. A must try!I was in Philly on a business trip. It was super cold so I was craving for something hit. The Congee is so good. Have to come back the second timeThese people are completely disrespectful towards customers. I ordered the pork over rice, what came out was duck. I asked for change, the waitress completely disregarded what I said. A couple minutes of arguing and I finally got my dish that I ordered. She said I ordered the duck, but when I came up to pay, guess what the receipt said...PORK!! Never got an apology, got nothing but attitude. But I will say the food is alright but personally I don't want to go to a restaurant and have horrible service.You want a clean restaurant? Don't go in. But if you want the absolute, hands-down, best Chinese, RUN into Ting Wong. As we watched the waiter push the remnants of the last diners' meal onto the floor, he sat us quickly and wanted to take our order stat. I had the pepper steak chow fun in black bean sauce, the boyfriend had duck and pork over rice, along with BBQ spare ribs with noodles and broth, very similar to a pho. The amount of food that came out will feed us into next week. Every bite was hot fresh, and delicious. My beef was so tender it melted in my mouth, and the boyfriend's duck was deemed fantastic. A heads up- the duck has bones in it. With all of this food, take-out would have been $40-$50. The bill was only $26! After this, I Dan never order take-out again....it couldn't compare to Ting Wong.My only time here, to date, was breakfast. (Unfortunately this place, it seems, is one of only a handful of "traditional" style Asian restaurants, in America, that serve "breakfast food.) Along that same track I ordered an old-style Asian morning meal -- congee -- specifically, pork & preserved egg congee. I really liked it except the fact I didn't see or taste any egg. I didn't question my waitresses about this because both had VERYBROKEN ENGLISH. (Yeah I had two attend to me due to this. Not to be rude but the second one came to my rescue as she made it seem id stand a better chance communicating with her but it turned out she didn't help much.) Onlyother complaint about the breakfast: my tea was quite lukewarm. (It was free, though, so I don't have a leg to stand on, about this.)
St one point, I decided I wanted to order something to go. I decided on a "breakfast special" called Chiang Fun with Ground Beef after the more "fluent" waitress assured me it was good. (I'd never heard of it before.) Unfortunately I thought it was quite bland (even after adding soy sauce) so I'd NEVER order that again. 
I found this restaurant quite authentic, ironically... I'd recommend it, hence, & love to return. (Wasn't my morning. I don't know...?)This place offers horrendous service. I frequent this place quite often but today was my first dine in experience. But I will never ever return again.
My husband and I came in for lunch today we ordered a bunch of food. The food was decent for the price. But about half way into our meal, I discovered that my husband water glass had a visible pink lipstick stain on it. I waved a waitress over and pointed to the glass, she just glanced at it and said she will bring us another one. I was so appalled at her attitude. I know sometimes these mistakes happens but I think in this kind of scenario she should at least show remorse or apologize on behalf of the restaurant. But no, she just took it like it didn't matter. When she came back I asked her why didn't she apologize or say anything. And omg, she freakin start saying "sorry" in a mocking tone. I am so disgusted in her behavior, it really left me speechless. I lost my appetite and ask for my stuff to go. I also let a manager (maybe manager) person know what happened and that he should have a serious talk with her.
The lady with the attitude is a mid 30's with bang and hair in a pony tail with black frame glasses. I really hope the owner see my review and fire this woman. Not only does she think it's okay to treat customer this way, even if she needs to earn our tip to make a living. But after this, obviously she doesn't care or need her job if this is the way she behaves.Quick service and solid food.
This place reminds me of wing wong in NYC which is go to spot for Chinese people. Ting wong is offers the type of Chinese food that is no frills. It is cheap, comes in large portions and has solid flavors. We came here for a quick brunch and got the beef steamed rice noodles, wonton with ho fun and soup dumplings with noodles. The rice noodles were very clearly freshly made and so soft and chewy just the way I like it. The only thing that lacked in flavor was the beef which was ground up and came apart when you tried to pick it up. The wontons were OK but needed a bit more pork to balance out the shrimp flavor. The dumplings were OK as well. The noodles were al dente and chewy. The whole meal plus tip was only $15. Not bad since we couldn't even finish everything.Quick, delicious, & fresh business lunch @ Ting Wong for 4 people.
We went family style and ordered:
Boneless soy chicken & pork appetizers
Chicken & Anchovy fried rice
Chicken Lo Mein
The portions are huge! So definetely plan on ordering a couple of dishes and sharing!
I would absolutely recommend the chicken & anchovy fried rice as well as the soy chicken. The fried rice was very fresh and not greasy as fried rice has a tendency to be. The anchovy gave it a nice salty flavor and it wasn't fishy at all which I was initially afraid of. The soy chicken is so flavorful and the crushed ginger sauce on top (and ask for more on the side) makes it a delicious dish.
Great spot to check out in Chinatown! :)Tried their roast duck, char Siu, roast pork, over rice, I think roast duck over rice is the best.  Good value, food come very quickly, good price and taste good,  definitely will be back to try other dishes.  Cons:  parking is a problem.oh yum!  Really delicious noodle soups.  Dare I say, I found the broth to be more flavorful than that at the Sang Kee stand in Reading Terminal?  Blasphemous, but true.  Also, the Chinese broccoli in oyster sauce was an excellent side.  New lunch spot to add to the rotation!We were restaurant hopping in Philly and this was one of the small restaurants in Chinatown that we "hopped" into.  We ordered their $5 Beef and String Beans.  The restaurant itself was small, but very cozy feeling. They served us tea at no extra charge (which was perfect since it was frigid cold outside).  The beef was cooked very well.  It was soft and very flavorful.  The string beans were fresh and crispy.  The black bean sauce that I think they used to stir fry it together was excellent.  It had a VERY light flavor and no saltiness.  Loved it!  I will give this place another try if i'm ever in Philly again.Some Ting Wrong today.   Food was cold. Witnessed another customer with same problem send food back and leave without eating after talking with every employee on the floor.  I ate my roast pork and duck on white rice cold rather than have is shoved in a microwave.   Next lunch in Chinatown will be elsewhere.   Too bad, so sad.  Revised down to one star after attempting to speak with person appearing to be in charge after paying my check.   He waved me off as I told him my food was cold also.   F Ting Wong now.  There are other meat n rice places within a block.  Lost my business for good now!My all time favorite Chinese restaruant in Philly. I started going to Ting Wong 7 years ago. Their Wonton noodle soup, duck, hot and sour soup and lo mein are all so fantastic. As a warning it is cash only, not open tuesdays, and it is no frills but it is amazing! Highly recommend!!absolute fast lunch! I like it Sea bass with tofu and rice, also roasted duck  with rice
PS. the people works there look like robot.This is easily the best Chinese restaurant in Philly!
If you went a few months ago and the quality was lacking, visit again! The new owners, who are the original owners, have revived what was the best Chinese restaurant Philadelphia according to Philly magazine in 2012.
This is real Chinese food, people. Not the kind of dreck that is normally served up in most of America.
My dad owned Chinese restaurants in NYC. I feared I wouldn't find much like it again. Fear gone!
It's fresh, delicious, and authentic. Who could for anything more?
Start with the wonton soup. This is delicious pork and shrimp wrapped in rice flour.
Make sure you get the fish with chives or the steamed fish with scallions.
The lobster Cantonese? You betcha!
And of course any of their famous roasted meats.
This is good eats!!!Food is ok, service sucks,  waitress whispering and walking behind my table I don't know what is she looking for on our table, which is rude, we want to pack the food to go, she just hand over the conditioner let us do it, not deserves the tips! Sucks...........I've only done take outs here, so can't say too much about the done-in experience. Their price is crazily cheap, once I got combos (choose two meat) for three of us, and it only costs 22 dollars. You get two kinds of delicious meat (and they never give you the bad, fatty part of the duck!), some vegetables and chicken broth marinated rice. It is just amazing, for the price you pay, you can't get better food anywhere else! A cash-only place also, as most of the Chinatown restaurants, prepare cash or the ATM would drain 3 dollars straight from your account!I went to this restaurant for the first time mid-Dec 2015 and a week later, because it was so good. Each time the food was very good and served very hot; important that food be hot when brought to the table;  with fresh veggies. The wait staff is very polite and helpful. Great Cantonese food. Our new favorite restaurant in Chinatown Philly and also Nom Wah Dim Sum on South13th St.Not too far from the Welcome Archway on 10th Street is this small restaurant that serves delicious and satisfying noodle soups. They are reasonably priced and you get a good portion of toppings. The place is bright and clean. I will definitely make this place my go to for a hot and satisfying bowl of noodle soup in Chinatown. They only take CASH!This review is ONLY for the roast duck.  I haven't tried anything else.
Ting Wong's roast duck is okay.  It tastes like duck, but is not as flavourful or tender as I'd want.  Roast duck should be tender and succulent when properly prepared.  The duck is served with a sweet soy sauce, which is a little disappointing (I'd prefer gravy).  It's not bad, but I think there's better to be had in Philly.
2.5 starsWith so many choices in Chinatown how do you know which one is the right one? Listen to me this is the one. Don't let the prices fool you the portions are Incredible and the flavor unbeatable.Definite setback since previous order.  In a nutshell I didn't/don't appreciate FAT RIDDEN duck in my roast duck Congreve (see picture, if you don't believe me).Always makes delicious food! I usually get congee or the fish dishes. Best time to go is in the mornings and early afternoons.Great comfort food, especially in the winter. I go for the wonton soups with the bbq pork or roast duck. Prices can't be beat, and the wontons are amazing. There's sesame oil inside the wontons, pretty unique!Came in the other day with my friends before work. 
When we came in, the waiters seemed confused on where to put us as I saw them look around at each other but then we finally got to our seats and looked through the menu. 
My friends got chicken lo mein and shrimp congee while I got roast pork noodle soup. Giving this place a 4star because the food is great and came out fast.
Why I didn't give this place a five star is because I would expect that in all restaurants, they would at least start you off with water, but we have to ask for water at one point. 
This place wouldn't be a great place to go on a date but would be great to just go with friends as I did.
Probably would be back to this place with friends because it's convenient but hopefully the service is better is a little better to change my rating.http://www.philly.com/philly/blogs/the-insider/Ting-Wong-to-close.html
We hope you open again soon. We miss you.Maybe I just haven't looked hard enough, but I'm thrilled beyond belief that I've finally found a place for Hong Kong style fried crispy noodles -- if you haven't had this dish before, it's comprised of wok-fried vegetables, meat, and a thick sauce ladled over a serving of not-yet-hydrated noodles that were fried in oil.
Because I was ordering it for takeout, they were thoughtful enough to package the noodles and the sauce in two separate containers, ensuring that I didn't come home to a soggy sad mess. Mmm!
The folks manning the counter are a bit abrupt but nice enough, and it's cash only. While I was there waiting for my takeout, I noticed that they also serve a bunch of roasted meats, congee, and the ubiquitous fried oily stick. Seeing lots of my childhood favourites means I'm definitely coming back to explore more of their menu!This is probably my favorite Chinese restaurant in Philly!
I was there a several times and was never disappointed 
Authentic, quick service and cheap,
Worth a visit!Definitely go here. I was looking for a good quality Chinese place for lunch with my mom (who is very picky) and this place came up on yelp. Holy cannoli I am glad it did.
Probably the freshest most beautifully made Chinese/Cantonese food I've had in my life. I mean. Spectacular. I couldn't believe the quality and that we had that kind of thing available in the states after growing up on Panda Express my whole life. Needless to say I was back with my boyfriend two days later.
With my mom, we got:
-Buddha Delight: huge portion. Beautiful delicate flavor, no weird Chinese food reflux later.
-Soy Chicken and Wonton Soup: the chicken will fall apart in your mouth, the wonton is one of the most delicious I've ever eaten, the noodles are perfect and on the firmer side, and the broth is beautiful.
-Sweet & Sour Soup: strong flavor 
-Roast Pork appetizer: comes out not hot which I didn't expect, but the flavor is out of this world.
With my boyfriend we got:
-Chiang Fun with Roast Pork: um amazing. Omg. Never getting dim sum again, just coming here.
-Roast Duck and BBQ Spare Ribs over Hong Kong Noodle: incredibly awesomely amazing. Flavorful meat and noodles
-Fried dough: not much to report. Just a nice filler but you don't need it 
It was amazing !!!!!!!!!! The service is weird but it's probably just language or cultural barrier and the food is so good that I don't even care. Every other table seemed to be speaking Chinese with the waiters ... #authenticGood location
Good food
Service is ok 
Only parking ( parking in the lot is $15 on weekend )I am going to be honest, this review is going to be bias. This place is reminiscent of the diners that I go to growing up in Hong Kong. The barbeque, the entrees, they are all done in the classic style. 
It is not a classy place, but if you want a taste of authentic HK style food, eat like a local, this is the place to be. 
Try their noodles, the wanton and beef brisket are good too!My go-to for Chinese comfort food in Philly! Love the roast pork and duck, but the best part is the congee--it really reminds me of home. I've been here for breakfast, lunch, and dinner, and Ting Wong hasn't disappointed me yet. 
The servers are all really nice, though they come off (rightfully so) quite harried during peak hours. 
Something I've ordered that doesn't seem to be mentioned much: the chicken corn soup is great. Looking forward to trying more of their soups!Fast, cheap, friendly service! Its my go to place for lunch anytime I'm around Chinatown area! Does get crowded around lunch time.My friends invited me along to dinner at Ting Wong before a show at the Troc last weekend. I had never heard of it before but apparently it's earned accolades for its food. I now see why! It was really delicious.
The restaurant is small, BYO, and they don't accept reservations. We waited for a few minutes but were quickly given a table. We ordered a few dishes to share. My choice was the chicken fried rice, which turned out to be excellent! I know it's basic, but theirs was really nice and well-balanced. I'd return for that dish!
Servers were very friendly and the food came out promptly and hot. A definite gem in Chinatown.I ordered the roast pig as an appetizer (pork with the crispy skin). It arrived cold. I asked them to warm it up; they took it to the back and brought it back cold saying something about not being able to warm it up. As I was desperately craving crispy pork, I ask can't they just microwave it? The waiter responds, "if we microwave it, then it's not crispy." So I have to choose between cold & crispy vs. warm & soggy??? I looked confused and asked, it this normally served cold? (Of course, I knew the answer was no). He says it's late in the day so everything's cold. (Umm, it's 6pm on a Sunday.) I gave up and just sent it back to the kitchen, unable to satisfy my roast pig cravings :(
The seafood chow fun was seriously lacking seafood. However, prices are dirt cheap. My friend and I's two entrees came to a total of $13! (They didn't charge for the roast pig). I guess you get what you pay for? Though I rather pay extra if it gets me warm food.We found this restaurant from Yelp and decided to give it a go. I got the 叉燒炒飯 (fried rice) and was not disappointed at all.
The fried rice was really good and there was a lot of it. It was flavorful and the meat was barbecued very well. Sometimes, restaurants have an overbearing amount of oil in fried rice, but this was not so. I also had my friend's roast duck and it was amazing - the skin was crispy and juicy.
I would come here again. The service is fine and the price is really cheap!DON'T EAT HERE. I've never eaten in China Town and as my first experience being here, I don't think I'll be back. I read the reviews and should have listened. We walked up and it didn't look like the scary gross place that I read about, but as our food came out, I saw what the reviews were talking about. First of all our food was microwaved! I know it was close to closing time, but really! The food didn't look bad, but I wouldn't say it was good. My chicken came out cold in the middle and my noodles just had a funky smell to them. I drank the broth that was brought out and some of the cold chicken. Tea had no flavor....might as well have been called brown warm water. As we walked out we saw them hosing down the kitchen with pleasant brown water pouring out onto the floor. Cheap, but not worth it!This place was so delicious the first night we returned the next night for dinner and it did not disappoint! We had the wonton noodle soup with roast pork. Positively delicious and so inexpensive!If you are trying to impress your friend with your money, this isn't the place to do that.  But if you are looking for fast delicious Chinese food.  This place is it.  So far, I had roast pork, roast pig, and roast duck.  They are all good.  None of my friends have anything bad to say about this place either.  It's nothing fancy here, just good food at a really good price.The roast pig over rice is very tender and juicy with a crispy skin!  Beauty is in the eye of the beholder when you enter this place, don't judge by the looks of it. Its one of those places that serves good food!A great place to go with a group.  The more ppl that goes, the more dishes you can try. 
We ordered two congee dishes.  One being Shrimp which was good but not as flavorful as the other one we had gotten (unfortunately, i can't remember which one).  We also ordered roast pork, roast chicken, scallion and noodle dish, beef chow fun.  All were really delicious. 
The one negative was that the waitress got a bit snippy when we questioned whether she gave us the wrong dish.  She walked away and eventually came back to the realization that we did get the wrong dish.  It was fine since the one she gave us was just as good anyway.I seriously hate to rate this restaurant so low, but after my experience at the last place, I have no choice. In the past, this was one of my favorite places in all of China Town, it was tasty, cheap, and fast.
It started like a normal trip to the restaurant, we go in and we're sat down. Usually this is where we would the staff would give us the menu, but this didn't happen. We waited 5 minutes, meanwhile there's no water or tea, and there's plenty of staff walking around (also there were open tables so they weren't really busy). So my mom ended up getting the menu for us. You would think after getting the menu that it would be a sign to the staff to be a little more attentive, sadly it didn't happen. We had to wait another 5 minute before we got the attention of the staff for them to take our order. The food itself was tasty, that was perhaps the saving grace of the experience, but again, that was it. Not really something that terrible, but a bit angering, the prices ended up going up considerably, more fuel to the fire.
My family and I have been coming to this place for years, and we've always been treated well, but under the new management, their customer service has gone down the drain. My family and I just felt really disrespected, this isn't the way you're suppose to treat customers. And the worst part is that I spoke to other relatives of mine and they told me they had experienced similar things in regards to the customer service. This experience was pretty mortifying and I don't think I'll be back.
Tldr: Great food, but terrible customer servicePoor service. The waiter would not even answer you when there were only 3 customers in the restaurant. waited 20 minutes for the check.Good service and I always get the made to order Chiang fun with shrimp! Great lunch spot with ample portions and very fair pricing. 7 to 8 dollars for a huge meal.Quick and convenient regardless of whether you're getting take-out or dining in. They have a variety of dishes that they make in the kitchen that I think are all mediocre or better. The prices are also very attractive and cheap compared to some other Chinese restaurants. 
I have a dilemma though. I like to come to these restaurants to enjoy the roast meats like duck and pork. Right across the street from Ting Wong is a  place called Siu Kee Duck House, which I feel has far superior tasting meats, but the issue is that Siu Kee is take-out only and there are no tables to sit in. I find it difficult to go to Ting Wong, when I know there is a superior product across the street, but that has to be consumed in my home, which is both a convenience and inconvenience. This is why I am giving it 3 stars.BE CAREFUL EATING HERE!!! My dad got food poisoning eating the braised beef with egg noodle!! I had to put 1 star to write this review... PLEASE BE CAREFUL!Ting Wong has been a family favorite ever since I could remember. It's yummy, cheap, quick, and easy Chinese food.
More recently, they have had a lot of renovations and I think they may have even switched managements. I always went to get take out but today, I was able to go and eat in with my grandpa. They have more of a restaurant feel with the new tables, chairs, and plates. Even with the new management, the service was still rushed. It was pack today and every time a table emptied, another one was filled. We waited in line for a bit and eventually go to sit down. I watched one of the waitresses NOT clean our tables and put our plates down on the dirty table. I had to remind her to clean our table. 
Eventually, we gave them our order. We got the roast duck app, beef chow ho fun, and crab and dried scalloped friend rice. My grandpa really loved the fried rice. I thought that the beef chow fun was bland. The roasted duck was okay. It was very oily and filled with fat. Not a fan of that.
Overall, I think it's still a nice place to go to.The Fish Buddha Delight should have been called Fish Buddha Disappointment. Not because of the lack of flavor, but for the lack of vegetables. I've had Buddha Delights at other Chinese restaurants before, and they are usually packed with carrots, broccoli stems, water chestnuts, broccoli florets, baby carrots and other veggies, but this one wasn't. The tofu that was in it was also soft, and not the crispy kind. Needless to say,  I was not satisfied.  Buddha would not approve.This is my favorite Chinese restaurant every time I come into Philly Chinatown. The food here is always fresh hot, tasty. The price are very reasonable, perhaps cheap. The service is very quick. My friends and I Are very satisfied and happy after each visit.We have been here a few times and for inexpensive quick Chinese "fast food" you can hardly beat this place.   It's simple food done well.    I even like the hot tea they serve in glasses; it's usually very fresh and good, not too strong - not too weak.
We've mostly only gotten the rice dishes and congee, both are brilliant.  My favorite is the chicken congee; it has small chucks of white meat swimming in creamy hot rice porridge with the subtle surprise of nearly invisible slices of ginger and who knows what else that elevate it from just good to delicious.   Hubby prefers the pork congee; the larger chunks of tasty meat are more to his liking.  For $4 there is enough for two people.  
We've tried almost all the "Meats on White Rice" combos and all were delish - lovely hot, sticky, silky rice with tasty sliced meat and a small side of a green vegetable (bok choy?), what's not to like?  We've seen steaming huge plates of various yummy looking noodle types of dishes go past on their way to other customers but we are so into the congee and rice dishes we've haven't tried one yet.
I love the waiters here - they are rather taciturn, silently yet efficiently refilling glasses of water and tea almost as soon as they become empty.  There is something faintly sinister about them, their eyes never quite meet yours as they glide confidently around the room - I think this job is just a fill in between their real jobs elsewhere, I somehow imagine them as extras in a Chinese gangster movie?  
We sometimes finish off the night by slipping across the street to the equally inexpensive Mong Kok Station bakery for some delicious strong coffee and a slice of tiramisu cake.  These days it's nice there is somewhere to have a night out with your honey for $20 or so !REOPENED!! http://www.philly.com/philly/blogs/the-insider/Duck-Ting-Wong-has-reopened.html#KeLQXpldrSxFYZI1.03Still the same great food and even better prices. Just a tip: ask for less salt on the rice dishes and you have yourself a very tasty and healthy meal!My go-to dish is Budda Delight / Fish with Fried Noodle.  Indeed, some of the waitresses remember me and the order.  I would usually also get one whole duck takeout and also some barbecue - and use the portion (bone) to make congee at home.
One thing that I like about the place is that while good and busy, one never really needs to wait for a table.  
As some have already mentioned, the place did change owner a one/two years ago.  So far, the changes seemed to be positive, nicer seating/table and open seven days a week (versus six before).  In the past, sometimes I would be in Chinatown and cursed when the place was closed that day.Great food and cheap price! we ordered congee with duck, garlic and scallion noodle and roast pork which was delicious! the Conner was flavorful and roast pork was cooked perfect! With three dishes, it was $12 per person! Can't beat the price!Ting Wong has always been my place for Congee and roast pork. The place has recently remodeled  so it looks a lot better and the quality of the food remains constant, which is delicious! I usually get #4 for Congee which is congee with shredded roast pork and thousand years old eggs. The salty savory of the roast pork along with the chewy salty of the tousand years old eggs blend well with the plain congee. It is pretty addicting! The flavor of the congee is something I will not easily forget. You should also get the fried dough to eat with the congee as well or get the rice cake covered fried dough as a side dish (it is also my favorite item here). The price of the food here is so cheap but the portion is so generous; your tummy will be very happy by the end of the meal! If you are in the area or in the mood for congee, roast pork, or homey decent chinese food, go here and you will not disappointed!Always quick easy and tasty. Simple, no frills authentic Chinese food. Rock bottom prices and big portions always satisfy. 
I have had several dishes here over various visits and all have been fine. 
I had the beef with orange flavor this time and it was very good.  Not overly sweet or heavy, tender and plentiful.   
Very good and very inexpensive    Good service as well.
Updated my stars to 5. I have been so craving that orange beef ever since i had it!!!Came here the first time for some duck on rice. The duck was reallly moist and quite flavorful. The second time we went for some congee with fried bread. My friend got the fish congee while I got the beef congee. The fried bread was bigger than we thought, so maybe sharing one would be ideal. The congee was flavorful, the service was just fine. A good place for a little snack after school.Did takeout so can't speak to service, but what a disappointing, bland meal. Hot and sour soup was very sour, but not spicy. The Kung PO chicken, advertised as very spicy, was not and had little in the way of flavor. The beef and broccoli was okay, but you could get better at most Chinatown restaurants. The dumplings were alarmingly large with a thick wrapper, not worth finishing. We ended up very sorry we had selected this restaurant for our meal.Came here for a first time to china town and stopped in here for lunch was great had sweet fried bread for an app my boyfriend had seafood pan fried noodles he loved it and I had shrimp fried rice. It was awesome. Service was great. Very fast!This little restaurant can get quite busy at times and it can get quite hectic. It is a typical "noodle shop" that also sells Pork, Chicken, and Duck towards the front of the restaurant. I typically order only one thing from here: Minced Beef Congee with Fried Batons for dipping. To be honest, you'd be best getting your food takeout. For some odd reason, their portions are bigger when you get it takeout (Congee, Noodle Soups). 
Many people claim that this restaurant has "better tasting" food. Are you ready for the surprise!? They load their food with MSG!!! Ahh, the magic of MSG. Congee is a simple comfort food for me, so I know how its supposed to taste WITHOUT MSG. I've sampled congee from all over Philly, New York City, Flushing, Boston, Hong Kong, and China. And I can definitely tell you that Ting Wong loads their congee along with their other foods with excess MSG. I know, I know...majority of Chinese restaurants use MSG in their cooking. However, if you are health conscious, I wouldn't suggest eating here too often. If you don't believe MSG is too much of a factor in their foods, I suggest you eat something simple from the restaurant and compare it to home-made...let's say...the classic Wonton Soup. 
As for their staff, I've never encountered an entire restaurant with only men. The people at the front counter can be quite rude at times. You don't know whether or not they are shouting or just simply talking. There is this one guy at the front counter...I think he mainly takes your order and handles the register...to this day, I have yet to understand a word the guy says.Not a bad place for a quick order to go, hot noodle soups and rice dishes here are pretty good and topped with a variety of Chinese roast meats, and the vegetable of the day (usually choi sum, sometimes bok choy).
Eating in there results in sitting on some rather old and dingy furniture, but don't mind that, you're here for a hot bite and little else. I'd stay away from the cold food, but it's a great, fast meal.Had high expectations for the wonton noodles due to the reviews but was not impressed. The noodles were good but the wontons lacked in flavor, and I questioned what type of meat I was eating. I also ordered the duck and pork with rice to go. I absolutely hate it when restaurants cheat customers with bad cuts of meat on take outs, and the pork we got was crap. The duck was also mediocre. I will probably try the restaurant again because my husband thought the pork/duck was ok. My first impression though, not good.Awesome! My wife and I wanted a nice relaxed and fun anniversary dinner and Ting Wong came up. To start Chinatown is an underrated part of Philadelphia and needs to be explored more. In no way is it New York or San Fransisco,  but still a great section of the city.
As for Ting Wong, there is nothing bad to say. The service cane with smiles and polite and our waiter even offered advice to other places to go for ice cream or shopping. The Peking duck and buns are the best I have ever had and I have had it around the world. Please note though that a full duck could easily feed a family of 4. My wife had shrimp lo mein and said it was terrific. However, if neither or these are your go to dishes they have a huge menu that has the typical Chinese food but than some things that many people wouldn't think of. Diversity is good!
One other small note of you are going on a Friday or Saturday and want to eat in I would get there before 6 because wit does start to get crowded.*Fair price + Great food 
If u looking for $6-7
Crispy pork skin 
Rosted duck 
Rosted pork
Noodle soup or over rice 
Or 
Snow pea tip with garlic 
Oyster with scallians
*great service
My water glass never get empty
They changed me a new plate when it got dirty and cheeked on us to make sure if we need or miss anything :) wonderful serviceThis the best Chinese foods my family always came here for lunch and dinner
The foods price is very reasonable and the when you order it fast service and taste real goo too. My kids love to eat here. I recommend.Stopped by here on a weekday to finally try this place out, but what I had come for (chiang fun) was sold out. So, I asked for the roast duck and roast pork with rice and a sweet fried dough.
The sweet fried dough was pretty good, greasy (because it's well, deep fried) but good. The roast duck and pork was okay. The pork was not very tender and the duck was mostly fat. The soup that came with it didn't taste good (it was very bland and watery), and I had what looked like cabbage with mold on it??? (Idk what it is, but I posted a pic)
Service was not very friendly, but for decent food, for all only $7.25 total, it was average. I will be back to try the congee and chiang fun though.Hands down the best congee in Philadelphia. The roast pork congee is absolutely delicious. Make sure you get the fried dough to dip in the hot congee! I always come to Ting Wong to get the roast pork congee, fried dough, & an order of the roast pork appetizer. The wonderful thing about this place is that all this yummy food ends up being under $12 dollars. A great place to grab a bowl of delicious hot congee on a cold day.LOVE the congee here its sooo good and Cheap too!! The oyster in x.o sauce here is also amazing for the price. I went to other restaurants in Chinatown, all charges $6+ each, here it's 3.50$ definnite be back. My new spot in chinatown:)Ting Wong is an authentic Chinese restaurant that serves no-nonsense and familiar dishes. I come here when the homesickness becomes unbearable and the hanging ducks in the window are instantly comforting. 
I normally order the roast duck/ bbq pork combo over rice. It's drenched in sauce and absolutely scrumdiddlyumptious.
I wish they would include just a little more of the boiled veggies on the plate to counterbalance the enormous serving of meat (and to lessen the guilt of ingesting half a duck in one meal!).This restaurant is really good if you want highly quality fresh meat at a cheap place. Obviously, they're located in Chinatown where there are a lot of other Asian restaurants. Outside their window and to the left as you enter the restaurant, you can see the meat that you get when you order. I went here with my dad back in December because it was highly recommended to us by my aunt. 
We ordered two of the Teriyaki Pork Noodles with Vegetable. The food came out fairly quick and was a huge portion! There was like 10 large pieces of their delcious Cha Shu and lots of noodles for less than $10! 
My only complaint with this place is that the service we got was terrible. We came after lunch rush hour so around 2:30 in the afternoon and they weren't packed at all. We were seated and got our food order placed pretty quick. Everything after that, the service fell apart. I had to ask 3 different servers to refill my water as the last one would say OK, walk away, and then proceed to do something else. I was so thankful when one of the ladies at the front finally got me my water. Next, it took us a while to get our check. I know that you can't expect good service as most traditional Chinese restaurants, but it's not nice to ignore your customers multiple times.
Overall, the food was good, but the service left something to be desired.Came here for lunch on Thursday and our party of six was seated immediately.  The restaurant was packed once we were seated.  We ordered several dishes to share including the vegetarian fried rice, kung pao chicken, beef with broccoli, duck with noodles, and roast pork.  I personally do not eat pork but my friends who had this dish said it was the best roast pork they've ever had.  I really enjoyed the kung pao chicken and beef with broccoli.  Service was quick and our server was friendly.  We spent less than $60 for all of this food which I considered a steal.  Definitely a great deal and I would go back again for sure.Cantonese style Chinese food located in a nice modern space in Chinatown. They seem to specialize in pork and chicken. Pretty standard fair with really fresh and well-prepared ingredients. They have amazing oysters- large, fresh and delicious. The hong King fried noodles are good and the portions are huge. Best part- the prices are dirt cheap. Will be back soon.Great BBq dishes and rice dishes. Fast and friendly service. Price is not bad- roast pork over rice, beef and broccoli over rice, roast duck over rice, complimentary house soup- $21,not including tip.Food is as good as any NYC bbq house.I've been wanting to explore Chinatown in Philly and began here.  The pork rolls were amazing but really big!!! Also, the dinner portions are really big and can be shared unless you are REALLY hungry.  I followed the pork roll with the bbq spare ribs and roasted duck Hong Kong Style noodle dish.  The noodles were skinny which is not my favorite, and they lacked flavor.  The meat was AMAZING! 
I would go back for sure but I would try something different.I took a visited to this Resturant on weekend !
I found out they changed the ownership ,but they use the same name .
I order the same foods I usually ordered ,the food came out in a different way ,BBQ pork and the soy sauce chicken are the same taste ,but the congee is watery (not enough time to cook) and the pan fried egg is terrible ! Sorry this time I can give you two stars only !Dined here about 5 times & never had a bad meal. They do a fabulous job with roasted meat (pork, duck, etc). Consistently best place I've tried in Chinatown.Went there on a Saturday afternoon.
I order dry stir fried beef noodle.  My favorite.
Although the noodles were a bit bigger than I expected, the taste was good.  They definitely didn't disappoint me there.
I also got their plain porridge, which was so so and wasn't as good as I am used to having in LA.
Overall, I would definitely come back again, good food and cheap!  What better combination?Congee is the best and only under $5.  Only one thing I don't like is dirty floor, and chairs .
That all add up to uncomfortable to order more to eat.I've really been wanting to try one of these places in Chinatown. We came across this one and it had good reviews, so we decided to check it out. It's definitely not fancy. But it has an authentic feel to it. I liked seeing the meats hanging in the front window along with the cooks in the kitchen preparing the food. My kids had the roast pork, which was pretty good. I had the duck, which was amazing although I wish they didn't leave so many bones in it. I tried the cuttlefish appetizer, but was not a fan. I think I was expecting something different; more along the lines of calamari. It's nothing like that. You've been warned. Lastly, we tried the beef noodle soup. Not good at all. It had an off-putting flavor to it. Not unlike dirty dishwater. And the meat tasted strangely gamey, which isn't typical of beef. The hot tea tasted watered down. I mean, it barely tasted like tea at all. The drink selection is limited. No ice tea, and no diet options. Just the basics, coke, sprite, water etc. So, all in all, this place isn't horrible, but I wasn't wowed by it either. It has its pros and cons. Good for some things, not so much for others. The prices are quite reasonable. Cheap even. I wouldn't necessarily be apposed to eating there again. I would just try my luck with one of their other dishes. Most likely though, if I find myself in that neck of the woods again, I'd try a different place entirely.I love this place. They never ever fail to satisfy me. They have these amazing spring rolls, I really don't know what is in them but they're my favorite thing in Chinatown. I love the fried rice here, with a fried egg, it's great.
I did eat here years ago when I was a vegetarian and had the buddahs delight, it was too die for. 
I can't wait to be back in Chinatown for more amazing food and really great staff. I absolutely love Sam, very spot on and polite.Ok, you are hungry and craving something cheap and delicious.  You could try a burger place but something says to try Chinese. You are by yourself.  Here is the perfect place, Ting Wong!  For $4, less than a burger at a fast food place, you get a heaping bowl of hot, won ton noodle soup with vegetables. Roast duck noodle soup is only $5!  Is this place great or what? Decor is very spartan. Service is fast and delivered in 5 minutes. I gave a top rating because it is one of the best values for the money in Chinatown and the place deserves your business. Previous reviews have loved the soy sauce chicken.  Everything is under $10.  Go and enjoy this deal!I went there really quick just before a concert at the BB&T. I made my mom go in and get general Tso and she also got some shimp dish. I don't even know if they have general Tso on the menu, but they gave us something. The general Tso was OK and the shrimp dish was good, but they did not give a lot of shrimp. I have had their pork chop and rice before, and it was much better than both of the dishes that I had the night of the concert. I can speak nothing of the service, because I have only had take out. I will come again, because their prices are decent, and they have a large variety in their menu.Our go to place for congee, lots of good options. Their youtiao (fried dough) is one of better ones we had in Philly, although still pales to ones we had in NYC in terms of crispness. Tend to come here for take out roast duck and pork, although that's more of a toss up in terms of quality compared to the take out only place across the street and a block south.Ting Wong made Philly top 50 list this year, but honestly, as a regular of Chinatown, I can confidently say this place is not any noticeably better than any of your other Chinatown restaurants.... Your standard run of the mill Chinatown food - not great, but not bad. 
But, service is quick, and food is cheap. I would recommend this place not necessarily for the food, but to those who want to play it "safe"Love this place! It's my go-to for lunch. My two favorites dishes are the Wonton noodle soup and Bittermelon and beef over rice. Ting Wong is fast when placing an order and food is delicious.The last couple times I have been the quality has dropped. Smaller portions, worse cuts of meat, varying temperatures etc. Still good, but probably more like a 3.5 star since they reopened.We were there tonight for a small birthday celebration and the food and service were excellent. Everyone was friendly and extremely accommodating. We will definitely be back!This place is the best.  The roast pig, roast duck and road pork are the best.  Yes roast pork is different from roast pig.  You will see.海鮮粥料多實在，有大蝦子干貝魚丸及魚板，粥煮得十分綿密入口即化，下次來這裡一定會再點它的粥
炒大豆苗炒得很香，而且份量十足
叉燒飯味道還不錯，但是肉是冷的有點可惜I can't compare this to other Chinatown restaurants bc this is one of the few I've been to, being an out-of-towner. However, my parents and I do know Cantonese cuisine and we thoroughly enjoyed the food here.
All prices on the menu were around $4-6.50, depending on what you order. An absolute steal. My dad got the wontons with fishballs in wonton soup, my mom the roast pork in wonton soup, and I the pickled vegetables with beef.  Portion size was fabulous.  Even with my mom and my combined efforts, we could not could finish the pickled vegetable with beef dish.  My dad got 4-5 full size fishballs (as opposed to when they slice the fishballs in half, probably so as to give you less) along with a good number of wontons. My pickled vegetable and beef dish was piping hot with just the right amount of salt, and flavorful.
As we ate, we saw an employee bringing out 8 roast ducks to hang up.  Chinese people would never prepare so many ducks if they didn't think they'd sell that same day bc no smart Chinese shopper wants to buy day-old duck.  We took this to mean that the turnover for food is high and that the roast meat is pretty fresh as a result.
This is a no-frills kind of place - once you get your food, no one's going to keep checking up on you - and the decorations are spartan.  However, rest assured that you'll leave with your belly full of piping hot and authentically cooked food and your wallet unscathed.  4.5 stars if Yelp would allow half stars.Living in Chinatown, I had the opportunity to try all the Cantonese meat shops and compare Ting Wong to the competitors. Considering the market here, I can confidently say that Ting Wong deserves 5 stars, specifically for 2 dishes: Wonton Noodle Soup with Roast Duck and Salt and Pepper Pork Chop over Rice. I will not comment on the other dishes because for a year straight this is all I ordered, and I did so with confidence that it would be solid each time. 
Another thing I want to mention is that their waiters work extremely hard. I once visited Ting Wong twice in one day, in the morning and then again very late at night, and it was the same staff. Service and food were good each time.This is a hidden gem in Chinatown with some of the best entree dishes around.  Some of the must-try dishes and highlights:
1. shrimp and pork wonton noodle soup: fresh, overstuffed and savory wontons with egg noodles in a flavorful broth.  This is the best version in Chinatown, no lie.
2. stir-fried lobster with egg and ground, fried pork: The flavor is fantastic and right on target; this is a tough dish to make but the chef here does a great job without making it greasy at all.
3. seafood and beancurd sheet hot pot: plenty of scallops, jumbo shrimp, krab, calamari, and squid, along with thin sheets of beancurd.  The broth is very savory and there is very little oil, unlike the same dish at any other Chinatown restaurant.  We get this for takeout every time.
4. fried pork chops with sauteed peppers and onions:  Oh goodness, these are so so delicious!  The pork chops are tender and the batter is the most delightfully fattening thing in the world with a great seasoning.  I literally have to stop myself from finishing the entire plate.
5. giner and scallion stir-fried frog legs:  They literally walked next door to the seafood market to get the frogs, which definitely earns them points for customer service.  The frog legs were carefully chopped into bite-sized pieces so that all of the flavor was cooked in.  The dish wasn't oily at all but still very flavorful.  
6.  singapore rice noodles: This was good but pretty much on par with the same dish at any other place on the block; still, we did enjoy it immensely
7. roast squid:  The squid here is very tender and more flavorful than Wong Wong's.  The only downside is that they only roast 2-3 per day so be sure to either pre-order or get here before 11 am or there will be no squid for you (happened to me numerous times)!
8. roast bbq pork:  pretty good, but not as amazing as Siu Chee's or Sangkee's.  More flavorful than Wong Wong's, and less fatty, too.
Service is always great and the owner is very sweet and always goes the extra mile.  Prices are cheaper than the restaurants' and the food is better.  We usually get takeout for the entrees and share the signapore noodles and wonton noodle soups while we wait.  3 stars for the roast pork but 5 stars for the netrees and squid so a very very solid 4 stars overall.I come here for fast service and take out. My list of safe food choices are roast duck, soy sauce chicken, spare ribs, and congee. Usually everything is on the saltier side, but if have it with rice, it's fine. Just don't soak your rice in soy sauce!!!!
Also, I really like their noodle soups! They have so many noodle choices too. You can order it with any toppings you want, all for less than $6.Best roast duck for the price. Salt and pepper squid is delicious. Everything is incredibly affordable.Great service! Our waiter was extremely helpful and accommodating and overall amazing. The service itself was more then 5 stars. Chinese New Year was pretty packed but our waiter was still very attentive and helpful. Food came very quickly and was delicious, and prices were very reasonable. We ordered dumplings, Hong Kong style duck over noodles, and a Char Siu appetizer. Dumplings were 6 but we couldn't resist and ate 2 first!Solid casual dining spot in the Chinatown area. I walked in on a Sunday evening around 6:00pm and the place was already at 95% capacity. Luckily I was able to snag one of the remaining tables left to enjoy a solo meal while in town for business. I had already looked up their menu online and knew what I wanted (I like to be prepared, especially when on the brink of starvation so my food comes out quicker, ha!).
As soon as a I sat down, a teapot was left at my table and I ordered. Since it was just me, I wanted to get the most bang and variety for my buck. I ordered their roast duck and roast pork over rice dish and I asked for extra veggies just because I felt like I needed more of a balanced meal. The extra veggies cost $1.50 more, but I'm not complaining since my whole meal came out to just $9.00. 
When my food arrived, I was actually surprised at how large the portion was. My inner fat kid squealed with joy as I began to tackle my plate. The duck was cooked to perfection - the skin was crisp, the fat rendered out (but not completely so there was plenty of flavor and depth). The roast pork was tender, slightly sweet, and had the slightest char on the sides. This mea was what I had a hankering for for a while. There aren't too many places in South Florida that offer Chinese BBQ and I made sure to enjoy every morsel of my meal.
Overall I was very satisfied with my food. I took off one star, however, because the servers never came  back to check on me after my food was served.Found this place walking down the street - so glad we tried it.  Excellent Peking duck.  Friendly service.  Will definitely be back to try more dishes.Easily the worst experience I've ever had at any restaurant on Earth.  I trusted these yelp people.. I should have known people that live in New York city have no fucking clue.. The only chinese they've eaten before living in New York was probably in Ohio.. Onto this review and I'll keep this as short as possible.  I heard about the smell from yelp, it's really bad but figured it would be worth it because the food is "so amazing."  The waiter was an asshole, there was a giant dead pig lying on the table next to ours, my little bit of food i ate ( pork on white rice ) gave me food poisoning and my woman's food looked horrible. She had a few bites, luckily didn't get sick.  There were flies and small strange  bugs in the place.  I was going to lie and add that a rat ran out of the kitchen but i'll keep this legit.  If you're sick and twisted you'll eat here.  If you have a sense of humor you'll send an enemy here.  Otherwise I really advise everyone to stay away, there are plenty of other great places very close by.Very bad service. I paid 5 dollars tip and the waiter chased out draged me questioning me whether i left without paying, on the street with so many people around. Seriously? Definitely never go there again.We used to patron this spot almost every week as the food is cheap and tasty, even though the workers are surly and the place is dirty as hell.
We always order the wanton noodle soup, beef pan fried noodles, and a rice plate.  However, ever since we found grubs in the beef pan fried noodles and pubic hair in the wantons (on two separate occasions) we have stopped visiting this nasty joint, because in my book two strikes you are out.  I've been to dirty places and even heard about ubran legends of Chinese restaurants (some told by my restaurant owning relatives) but this place takes the cake.  YUCK!We stopped by here for lunch last Saturday. The food is so good and affordable.. The place is clean. They have fast service and people are very pleasant..
Will come here again..