2 to 2.5 stars Jose.
With all due respect Jose to your empire this was a.....Big rip off. ...come on now(said in annoyed Baltimore accent). Laughably nothing to eat.
Pretentious. Pretending to be a molecular gastro uber supper club. Bomb! Pretend pretend pretend wait wait then just meh.........
Yes yes I know we're supposed to go to the tasting menu and yes all the good places now or soon will be chef tastings only....It's just a little too much Chef Nazi for me. Fine I guess we're just applebees after all.
Food a meh at best. Decor nice though. Bar ferdinand far better at half the price. 
Pitcher of sangria all ice for  4   1/4 glasses  30bucks. Third tier spanish wines at 1St tier per glass price. 
Wait forever for service. Nasty and condescending.....strongly insist how to order. 
The food.........................
Onion soup luke warm quarter of a bowl mush crouton
Arugula salad ok nothing special
Cheese mixto guinea pig size slices 4 stale 2" old baguette slices
Poor quality cheeses
Moule frites spicy delish preshelled moules great frites best dish
Turbot looked good but bland flavorless not good at all
Kobe slider cold old same stale baguette round terrible
Short rib sandwhich just ok
Octopus with lemon powder and foam flavorless old fishy octo
Olives good for 4 bucks
String beans tasy for 8
Tater tubes silly for  8
Chicken tasty pigeon tiny tasteless mashed
scallop plate just ok for 18
We left bloated and angry for the experience......
Really our worst restaraunt so far in philadelphia and very rare bad experience among all the great phily restaraunts. But we had fun with our friends despite.
ldavidfine@gmail.comYou should always order the Jamon Iberico De Bellota.  It's stupidly expensive, but there is a reason that you pay for this melt in you mouth pork.  Razor thin slices of fatty, acorn fed pork are to die for.  If I was filthy rich, you bet your ass that I have a trained staff member slicing this stuff off for me on the daily.  
The Paella was very good.  A nice crunch on the bottom of the rice, very flavorful.  One of the better paellas that I've had.
Diver Scallops were cooked perfectly.  They were light and tasty.  
The wine was as terrific as expected.  Spanish wine is some of my absolute favorite.  They gave us complimentary champagne for our anniversary.  That was nice of them.
There needs to be a casual tapas restaurant in Philly.  The food here is great, but it's too expensive and too stuffy to really be tapas.  That being said, I'd absolutely recommend it.I have been here several times and still enjoy my meal each time I eat here. The food is great and you can almost always get a table with little to no waiting time. It is really hard to make a bad order from their menu and there is plenty to choose from. It can get pricey, I have done the chef's tasting once but once you know the menu it can actually be a somewhat affordable and delicious meal!a really great place and atmosphere in Philadelphia. there are a lot of great food places in NYC and this place although is in philly, its up to par compared to places with NYC. all the tapas were great and so was the sangria. great place. will definitely come back againThis is a great place with excellent wines and very high-end tapas.  The anchovies dish in particular was so carefully executed and special, we loved it.  Some might say its a little dark inside but very masculine, warm and intimate which is clearly the ambiance they're going for.  
I can't help but feel like the place was just a smeck overpriced, hence the 4 stars, but we will very likely be back here when next in Philly.Great food, great wine, great atmosphere! Perfect spot for a date.
4-5 dishes are more than enough for a party of two, some of my favorites are:
chicken brochetas
meatballs
duckWhat an experience! An excellent selection of tapas, that provided one of the finest evenings of dining I have had in a while. Started with cocktails, and a mixto charcuterie and added in beets, Brussels sprouts, pork belly, smoked octopus, and finished with a mixto cheese plate as well. A fine red wine recommended by our waiter made the evening very enjoyable. Highly recommended and will be on the list for future visits.Great creative food, good drinks.  Great service.  One of my regular stops.Very classy. Each and every tapa looks and tastes like a work of [culinary] art. Obviously portions are tiny and the place is on the expensive side, but very nice overall, especially for a date or a special occasion.I love this place! For anyone trying out this type of cuisine for the first time, I strongly recommend it. I feel like the restaurant strikes a perfect balance between purely Spanish food and "regular" food. The restaurant is beautiful and romantic even though some of the tables have pretty stiff and high up chairs that may be uncomfortable for some. The waiters are incredibly friendly, and they make wonderful suggestions for first-timers.
Definitely get the:
Chestnut soup
Duck confit
Scottish salmon
Kobe beef
Bomba rice
Definitely a must! It has become one of my favorite restaurants in Philadelphia. I would suggest not going during Restaurant Week because the menu doesn't always include some of Tinto's best then.I just love Tapas. 
We went here last night for dinner with some friends. We all came hungry, which was good- cause damn is this a lot of food! We ordered the chefs selection at $55 per person. The food kept coming, and although we spent a shitload of money for 4 people to eat, it was well worth it. Some of the best food I have had in awhile. The wine and desert were both also good.
Also love the decor. Dark, rich and sensual-- is a very good match for the food.I'm a Jose Garces lover to the bone!  I had dinner here for the first time recently and my friend and I just ordered the kitchen sink.  Its amazing how something can come out of the kitchen and you look at it and say "that's it?" but then you eat it and it's delicious and then the next thing comes out and so on until you need to open your pants button!  Favorites: Pork Belly, Scallops, Wild mushrooms... and everything else!
It's expensivo but i did not feel cheated! worth every penny and we had a great, if not overly attentive waiter on a crowded Thursday night!My girlfriend and I happened to make a dinner reservation here 3 years ago... it was hands-down the best dining experience I've ever had in Philadelphia. We go back to Tinto's as often as we can. 
Our server was extremely helpful, and that's really what guided the experience. We held on to the menu and ordered dish after dish as we looked through it. He let us take our time and made suggestions, guiding us through the menu. 
The each dish arrived just as we were finishing the past. It was perfect. And delicious. Everything we tasted was unbelievable. (One of my favorites was the Sopa De Castano - truffled chestnut soup with quail egg - again, unbelievable). Great presentation, great service. 
WORD OF WARNING: lots of little dishes are great, but don't fall into the trap of ordering too much. The second time we visited, our server convinced us to order 7 or 8 dishes for two of us - FAR too many - and we left feeling overstuffed. My advice would be to order a couple of dishes at a time, and hold on to the menu. 
MAKE RESERVATIONS EARLY!Incredible place. Great atmosphere and ambience. The lighting was perfect. Not too bright. We say by the kitchen and watched chefs prep food! Wine cellar look. High tables. Easy Tapas menu and wonderful flavors! DeliciousTinto has your typical fare of Spanish tapas with an excellent selection of wine to boat... the Tempranillo is stellar.  The food is always top notch, fresh, and delivered in practical plating, unlike a lot of tapas restaurants that try to overcompensate for their small dishes by making them look like LegoLand attractions.  The staff should be the standard to compare for all restaurants in the city.  Much like Fish, Meme, and Ants Pants, sometimes I'll go here for the service alone when not craving a certain type of food.  They are all very professional while also being down-to-earth and hilariously witty... just take a look behind the bar at the wine bottles with labels drawn by the staff to see for yourself.
The only negative comment I have for Tinto is an easy fix... those barstool covers.  They're white and heavily stained.  For such a nice place, you would think they would notice such an eyesore and correct it right away.  Nobody wants to sit on a dirty chair, and if they did, they wouldn't pay so much for oddly spoiled pleasure.  You can get that type of service at McGlinchey's all night for the price of the taxes on your bill at Tinto's.
The reason I have four stars instead of five is mainly because it's hard for me to give a tapas place the full spectrum of stars without the full spectrum of food.  I mean, the food here is great, but not shocking.I was in Philly overnight on biz and had a dinner mtg cancel..so headed here for dinner.  Decided to "do it right" and ordered the $75 tasting and must say that o was not as impressed as I was hoping to be.  One of the courses was an octopus dish that was very good.  Others were also very good, but nothing jumped out at me as being exceptional.  My biggest tasting was their steak.  They told my it was a sirloin steak, I believe.  Kind of lacked flavor.  Additionally, 7 minutes prior to that course arriving, I received a bowl of shiitake mushrooms.  Nobody informed me that they were for the steal that was to immediately follow until the bartender stopped over.
Additionally, there really didn't seem to be any type of manager working.  Nobody came by to ask how everything was, except for the bartender.  Would have expected more from a place as highly regarded as Tinto.
All in all...a fair meal.  Not as "memorable" an experience nor as memorable as my meals at Amada.  And more pricey.  I'll probably come back...but won't be running back!Great place for date night. The portions are small but you will leave full but not stuffed. Pricey but you get what you pay for. Service was top notch.Tinto is simply fabulous.  Just be prepared to drop some bucks.
I was a little overwhelmed by the wine list, and the bartender allowed me to sample a dark red Spanish wine before committing to a $12 glass of it.  Thanks, bartender!  
My friend and I split the mixto cheese and mixtro charcuterie plates.  All I ever really want is some wine and cheese anyway, and maybe a little cured jamon, you know?  This was actually plenty of food, but they are a little stingy with the accompanying bread crisps.  I asked for more and out they came.  Thanks, waiter!
Lastly, we decided to order two of the little tapas plates - the montadito de pato (sort of an open-faced duck sammie with a little bit of ham and a roasted cherry) and patatas asturianas (the most expensive fancy tater tots I ever ate at 10 for $7).  Both were delicious.  See my photo of the potatoes linked to this review : http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/gnpyyeWQ53WlDMJEq-YA_w?select=yJtruRWwqicz46LVCjMZmg
Our waiter really kept pushing us to order more food, or a bottle of wine, but we were there really just to nibble and drink, and actually ordered more that we should have.
I give four stars for the experience (slightly pushy waiter) and a million stars for the ambiance and decor.  I loved the shadow-boxed corkscrews everywhere....so cute.So I actually ended up eating here accidentally, I must admit. You see, my wife and I had planned to go to Village Whiskey, the adjoining restaurant known for its burgers, but we walked through the wrong door! We didn't figure out that we were in the wrong place until we were seated and saw the menu. I asked my wife, "would it be rude for us to leave, explaining that we came through the wrong door?" Before I could finish my sentence, the waitress came over and asked if we would prefer bottled or ice water. "Ice water, please," my wife replied, and so we were locked it: tapas it was!
Other than being at a restaurant with a different price point than I had anticipated, it was a serendipitous bungle. The interior decor was chic and pastoral all at the same time, like eating over your favorite Spanish vintner's house. In fact, I believe "tinto" actually means "red wine" in Spanish (loosely translated), if I'm remembering correctly. 
Because of the wine theme, I decided that this would be a good place to order a sangria, which turned out to be a great move. It was one of the best sangrias I've ever had -- they actually chop some of the fruit into a fine dice so that you can easily drink it along with the wine. Definitely don't miss the tinto sangria!
The chef actually sent out a little amuse bouche before our food came out, which was pretty awesome. For our meal, we ordered the following from the tapas-style menu: 1) the mixto cheese board, 2) olives, 3) cured-ham wrapped figs, 4) roast pork sandwich with manchego, 5) chicken and grape skewers (I forget the proper name for them). The cheese board was very tasty, but felt a touch overpriced at $15. The olives were pretty endless and delicious, and the figs were spectacular. I think the highlight of the show was the prok sandwich, though. I think I could have eaten like 3 by myself, perhaps the best pork sandwich ever. 
All in all, we had a delicious meal in a beautiful atmosphere. The price was a little high at $70+ for a meal where I was just barely full, but that's OK. The service was professional, and I would definitely come back.Began a wonderful evening with drinks by Nick at the bar. Moved on to a delicious meal tastefully prepared and beautifully presented! Sat downstairs which was quiet and intimate, loved it! Food was great, some of best tasting dishes we ever had, service was incredible!! Thank you!I went here with my family.  My sons kept telling me it would be a great experience, but I was skeptical, small plates for dinner?  I have to say I was blown away.  The food is amazing and so many flavors through the course of the evening.  Not only did I come away completely satisfied, I was elated with the variation of flavors I was able to enjoy.
This place is really awesome and I highly recommend for an evening out.one of the best meals i have had in philly and that's saying a lot! the food was to die for... creative and delicious! the service was also top-notch.. felt very welcome and pampered. their timing was also perfection, though with the amount of food we ordered, i felt like someone was constantly at our table (which kept interrupting our conversation, but how can i hold a grudge when everything they brought was more delicious than the previous dish?!) standout dishes: marinated olives (simple, but plentiful and satisfying), braised shortribs (tender and flavorful), and the beef tenderloin (mouth-wateringly good!). we also had a bottle of spanish cab sav, possibly the best wine i've ever tasted. it ruined me though since every glass of wine i've had since has paled in comparison. the atmosphere was cozy (almost too cozy in some spots... they tried to put us at a very small table sandwiched in between two other couples, but my date asked if they wouldn't mind moving us to another spot, which they did, happily) it was very romantic. a perfect date spot or even for catching up with a great friend.Giving fives stars because we loved everything. The dishes we had Sea Bass, Abondigas, Shrimp, Brussel Sprouts( fantastic) String beans, rice. Great Spanish wine list. Great service. Enjoyed sitting downstairs in the more quiet area. Upstairs was very crowed and loud.Okay, so I am a tapas fan. So I was really excited to eat at Tinto. My first impression was Tinto was a bit up tight for my liking (see and be seen type of joint)...and that was my impression when we left. Anyways first we ordered a pitcher of Tinto Sangria, it was not overly sweet but not a great value for 30 bucks a pop. Then we ordered several tapas: 
Chestnut, mushroom, and duck soup: PERFECT, my favorite dish all night, awesome presentation, complex, and yummy. 
The Arugula Salad with fried goat cheese, Serrano ham, figs, and toasted pine nuts: Delish and pretty. 
The Mussels 
Bacon and apple scallops: came with a random foam on top, which was really cool. And the scallops were perfectly cooked. 
Kobe Beef 
Crab Canape 
Roasted mushrooms and potatoes: we were way to full to have more then a few bites...would have been really nice with the Kobe beef canapes. 
All in all Tinto has well balanced, beautifully presented tapas, and a very professional feel.I am thrilled to finally be able to write a stellar review of Tinto.  
I live in LA now, but when I used to live in Center City Philly I would take my girlfriend at the time every few months.  It was and still is her favorite restaurant, so when I found out years ago that Tinto had a private dining room upstairs, I kept it to myself and decided that someday it might be a good place to propose.  Sure enough, last month I did just that during our visit to Philly, and the Garces Events staff spent the prior 6 months helping me to plan the perfect proposal and celebration there.  The food was delicious, the wine was wonderful, and it was truly a night to remember.  Special thanks to Stephanie at Garces Events and the whole Tinto staff for helping me pull it off as a complete surprise to my fiancee!  They even through in a free round of bubbly for all 22 of us in the room.  
Tinto is unquestionably one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia, but most people don't know about their ability to host events/parties upstairs.  No matter the occasion, Tinto is the right place to go.LOVE this place!!!
Everything is always presented so beautifully. 
Everything always tastes fantastic. 
Definitely up to the Garces standards, if you're familiar with his restaurants you are definitely aware you are in one when you're in TInto. 
Fabulous staff-- our waiter during restaurant week, Anthony, was amazing. SO knowledgable on the food, language, wine, and even culture of the Basque region. He took the time to write down the different grape varieties I would like based off of the restaurant week wine tasting white wine. Above and beyond. 
Cannot wait to go back  for Valentines day. We go every year, and are BLOWN away by the caliber, presentation, uniqueness, and most of all, the FLAVOR of their valentines day menu!Service was good. Food was very good as well. One of my favorite places for tapas in the city. Highly recommend. Will be visiting again.Pretty disappointing restaurant week experience here. Had high hopes but was instead treated to a night of mediocrity once again reaffirming the over-hyping of restaurant. Here's the course by course breakdown.
For appetizer I had the chicken brochettes (boring with minimal flavor), the chorizo (lived up to the hype, a can't miss). the mussels (only about two in the bland broth), and the arugula (loved the fried goat cheese and orange vinaigrette was the perfect dressing). 
For entrees I tried the bomba rice (not much different than a simple dish I make at home), the sea bass (cooked nicely with delicious salsa), the chicken (also a winner, tons of flavor), and the pork belly (was not impressed, too salty for even me). 
Both desserts offered were average, nothing memorable but nice to have something sweet at the end. The biggest disappointment was I was not even full at the end of the meal. Also we were on the rushed side by the army of waiters patrolling the dining room. We had a pitcher of sangria too which made a final bill over $130 with tip, a lot for leaving without a satisfied stomach. I'll stick to Amada next time.Good food, not the best value. I know that's not really the point if you are eating at a nice tapas place like this anyway, but I think I am becoming much less judicious with what I consider to be a good value now since things have changed economically. The dining room is very modern, a bit cold I might say, except for the wood tones. The bar area, where I was eating, has a much warmer feel with plenty of wood accents. Great selection of Spanish wines, which I am a fan of. Particularly Garanchas and Tempranillos. However, since I know a good bottle of either of those will run you somewhere in the vicinity of 8$, I am not about to purchase one glass for 8$! And that was the cheapest. I was there for lunch and ordered some kind of hard, smokey, Spanish cheese (you would have to be a serious foodie to know what it was) and also asparagus with lemon aioli, which was cooked perfectly. With tip it came to 19$, not a cheap lunch, but I still wanted to try the place while I was in the area. It might be cheaper if you went with a group and split everything, but I can't see it being cheap even then. Good food for what it is though.My cousins and I did restaurant week here and I really love the ambiance! It's a dimly lit restaurant, but it's enough light to see what you're eating and give that relaxing feel. Our waiter was very clear and detailed about the menu especially since it's our first time. The duck is pretty good, but I really thought the paella was the highlight, along with the scallops dish! I also liked the beef on the first course. It's all small portions, and you're possibly going to think it's going to not fill you up.... but that's the wrong idea. You do get full in the end. Our dessert was shared and we had the chocolate mousse-like pudding. There's a bit of orange that I removed, as it isn't really my thing, but it was great! The olive oil ice cream was also great, you don't taste the olive oil much, just a hint to point it adds a delicate and delicious taste. Would return again. It has exceeded my expectations.Went to Tinto while in Philly for a quick weekend trip and it was one of the best meals I or my boyfriend have had in ages. On a busy Saturday night the service was attentive and helpful without being over the top. We were seated downstairs and while the tables are close together, it feels cozy without seeming like you are sitting on top of the other tables. 
The food. They recommend 3-4 per person and this actually seems like a good estimate, though it obviously depends on the size of the dishes you choose. We started with the mixed cheese plate that contained one goat cheese, one blue cheese and one hard cheese. All were very good, and the goat, which I'm usually not a huge fan of, especially pleased me. We had the ham wrapped figs as well, which were also a tasty start to the meal as well as chorizo that had great very slightly spicy flavor. We were debating between two sandwiches and settled on the braised short ribs which was one of the best things I've ever eaten. We also had the duck canape which definitely was neck and neck with the short ribs sandwich. The sea bass and cockles were super tasty and had the perfect texture, though they were on the salty side so be warned. The organic chicken was very good with crispy skin and amazing truffle mashed potatoes on the side. We finished off the meal with the chocolate y cafe for dessert, just because everything else had been so good I couldn't leave without at least trying a dessert. It lived up to the high expectations that had been set by that point. 
All in all, I highly recommend Tinto and think it will be hard for you to go wrong in whatever you order!Some of the dishes were overcooked and only slightly warm by the time they reached the table. Cheese selection was excellent. Wine selection was excellent. Artichokes were very good, even though the noodles that came with were so overcooked they didn't even stay together. Sat downstairs - next to the bathroom.... so that was disturbing. Overall a good experience. I think sitting at the bar eating cheese would have trumped my dinner experience.I was in town for a conference and tried Tinto on a recommendation, and literally everything we tried was fabulous! The crab canapes, bomba rice, organic chicken, were my favorites. And the  artichokes! The sauce was amazing! 
Service was great and our waiter gave great recommendations. 
Highly recommend! Apparently Garacas also works with Mercat in Chicago, which I've been wanting to try...can't wait!The food and cocktails were pretty bad. We tried a selection of the tapas including Aged Manchego, Serrano Ham Wrapped Figs, Mussels, Meatballs (Albondigas - Brochetas), Duck Confit Montaditos, & Paella (Gatxuxa). The manchego was good, but all they really had to do was slice it and plate it. Same with the ham wrapped figs - simple and good. However, all of the other dishes fell below our expectations. The meatballs, mussels, and paella were all very tomato-sauce based and did not have much flavor complexity. The duck was not cooked well and was dry.
As for the cocktails, the margarita was all sour mix.. and I believe we tried another staple that came out pretty bad. I decided to stick with cava - they have a nice wine and cava selection - which was solid. The place was also a bit weird as there was no bar which raises the question of who is making the cocktails... perhaps someone who shouldn't be bartending.
The ambiance was solid and service was fine, but not enough to make up for the lackluster food. Perhaps Tinto does better with some of the other seafood options? I know a couple nearby us was enjoying their octopus.Went for our anniversary, so good!  We got the tasting menu with the wine pairings, and it was the perfect amount of food.  Everything was delicious.  We loved the cheese plate, the jumbo shrimp were delicious, the duck confit was lovely, and the lamb was magnificent.  Of the 3 desserts, only one was very good, but after all that food, one was plenty!  I'll overlook the other desserts since everything else was so delicious!This place is truley AMAZING! I was there saturday night for the first time and I'll be back for sure! 
Our table had the "Chef's Tasting" because we had no clue what to order. It has so many options on the menu and they did not disappoint us. The cheese platter with olives was so good to start with, then the fish melted in my mouth. Even their string beans were fab. with almonds and mouth watering seasonings! And of course dessert great too!
Yes, it is pricey but go for a special occasion or save up and you will really enjoy it!Great food and ambiance! Loved the creativeness of the menu!Ended up at Tinto accidentally.  My husband and I had planned to go to Village Whiskey (located right next store) for about a week and a half. Finally, my highly anticipated night of frivolity in the city had come!  We parked the car and made a mad dash for the corner of 20th and Sansom streets.  We walked through the door in a flurry of excitement  and were greeted very kindly by numerous hostesses.  Immediately, we were whisked away into a dark and seductively lit room...our table was a tad too close to the adjacent tables  for my own comfort, however they were both empty so all was well for this claustrophobic. It wasn't until we simultaneously opened the menu, ordered our water, and became acquainted with our waitress that we finally realized we were in Tinto and not at Village Whiskey. No backing out now!  Some couples are known as the "power couple", some are know as "green couples", on this particular day my husband and I were known as the "idiot couple".   Doh!
Oh well.....if you are going to make a mistake this was the perfect mistake to make! Tinto takes on the world of  Spanish tapas.  I LOVE tapas.....even when going to a "normal" eatery I tend to order multiple appetizers for my main meal....I get the most interesting looks.   I HIGHLY recommend the roast pork sandwich, hands down this was the best plate of the night.  My second favorite dish was the Chicken Brochettes-  rich and creamy with a dash a sweetness.
A mistake that turned out to be a wonderful experience ( wish that would happen more throughout everyday life).  Don't expect a big burger here (go next door to Whiskey Village), the food at Tinto is delicate, scrumptious, and beautiful.  Can't wait to return!We went to Tinto for wine week and it was a very enjoyable experience. We sat at the bar, and admired the wall behind the counter which essentially was an entire wall of wine corks displayed in a simple yet artistic way. 
I got the flight of three wines (Xarmant, Gorrondoa and Ametzoi 'Rubentis). The flight consisted of two white ones and one rosé. Their special involved recommended pairings of oysters with the wines. We chose to get the Cape May Salts with white pepper mignonette and the Bullseye oysters with apple ginger gelée and Asian pear. The wines complemented the oysters well and we found ourselves wanting more of the Cape May Salts. 
I found their happy hour to be very reasonably priced with $5 tapas, and even $5 sangria cocktails. I got the Albondigas (meatballs served with piperade and manchego) and they were very tasty. 
I certainly recommend this place for happy hour and I hope to return for dinner as well!I came to Tinto for restaurant week last week.  As I"m sure restaurant week offers limited options and smaller portions, I am still giving 5 stars because this was my favorite restaurant week experience of the week, service was excellent, and every dish we ate was absolutely delicious. 
We had: 
1st Course: All 3 kinds of cheese; our favorite was the Boucheron, by far amazing, then the La Peral which was like a bleu cheese but way better.  The Idiazábal was good, but not as great as the others.  The Verdosa salad was good, although lacking some veggies or other content, and the Figs were one of my favorites.  Yumm!
2nd Course: Duck Montadito blew us away, was duck confit on toast with ham and dark cherry, so delicous!  One of their best sellers, I can see why!  The Pulpo (octopus) was also amzing, perfectly cooked and seasoned, and the green olive aioli made the dish!  The Merluza Verde (Sea Bass) was another phenomenal dish, the fish was so tender it melted in your mouth.  Yumm!  For our vegetarian, we got the Bomba Rice with white asparagus and manchgo, and the green breans haricots verts with almonds, dates, and oranges.  Both were delicious, the rice was creamy and filling, and the dates on the green beans was a nice treat. 
3rd Course: Dessert:  I loved the chocolate tart with almonds and hazelnut ice cream.  The ice cream was the best!  My friends ordered the Cuajada, which is like a whipped pudding.  They seemed to love it, although I didn't try it.
We had a very delicious bottle of wine, a cabernet from the 1st page of the menu.  All their wines are from Spain, although pricey, I loved this wine so much.  ($55 bottle was one of the cheapest red wines on the menu).  I highly recommend Tinto to anyone.  The restaurant is so cozy and inviting, the service is great, the food is out of this world!  I wish I could afford this every week!  Bravo.This place is great for a date night.  We decided to get a hoge poge and share everything and how could you not...there are so many great options on the menu.One of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. You can even sit by the kitchen and watch them cook your food through the glass. The testing menu is always different and inspires you to try foods you ordinarily wouldn't. Everything was delicious and perfectly prepared.Funny, the first time I went to Philadelphia (as a visit) we went here for brunch. GREAT meal! 
I never knew I would later move here 6 years later. So we kept coming back. Awesome each time. It's expensive but I think it's worth it. 
I took off 1 star because for the last restaurant week, not all of our small plates came out. I guess it's not a big deal since we were both full, but it was just the principal of it. 
We would still come back though.I love this place! The food and service here is amazing! We let the chef pick out our meals for us.
Ajo blanco (soup): is tasty and yummy, definitely an acquire taste. If you like creamy almond soup, then I would order this. The best part for me was the melon.
Revuelto de bacalao: i hate eggs, but this is DELICIOUS!!! I loved the scrambled egg, with black cod, goat cheese, & spinach!!! So So good!!
Lamb chops: the sweet breads warpped around the lamb is delicious!! The artichoke puree was so creamy! Loved every single bits of it!
Bomba rice: growing up as a rice eater, this did not taste like rice at all, which was great! It was really yummy! I am actually not a rice eater, but I keep putting a spoonful into my mouth without knowing it. Delicious!!
There were so many more dishes and all were delicious, but these were the most outstanding ones!It's been awhile since I've visited this Basque tapas bar and I am so glad I returned.  But if you are looking for mass quantities of food on the plate and do not understand the concept of small plates and sharing, this ain't the place for you.  I don't need you nor your ilk around me, get lost.  ;-)
Let me first compliment the bartenders, Dan and the other guy, who made the experience delightful, from reco'ing which wine by the glass we would thoroughly enjoy to expert suggestions and explanations of the menu choices...1st class, 5 star guys.
The presentation of every plate was fantastic, creative, and forcing the conversation to take a quick turn to oooo's and ahhhh's.  
The lamb skewers in a shot glass with bacon eggplant sherry jus was a little awkward to handle but the lamb was tender and the flavor distinct.   The figs in a wrap of Serrano ham were my fave along with the anchovies draped around some diced pickled veggies and finished off with pine nuts.  The Prawns were very fresh and presented well, just not something I would order again as it was a step above ordinary in flavor.
Garces has it going on here.Not as good as it used to be but I love the Basque region wines that aren't easy to find in PA. The reason I'm giving the restaurant 3 stars (average) is that they have started passing off regular almonds for marcona almonds. I can see the conversation when their ordering them to save a buck, "these people will never know." Wondering what else isn't quite as it seems.BRUNCH Review.  After several dinners at Tinto I was really excited to try the brunch.  It wasn't the food that set me back on the experience but the fact that the menu wasn't what was posted on the website and the price has increased $10 to a $35 prix fix.  Once I sat down I questioned whether the site said $25 or $35 and just decided I had read wrong, although I was pretty sure.  After we ordered another couple got up and left after inquiring if there was a new menu and about the price increase.
$35 is a lot for brunch, especially when coffee is on top of that and is about $4 each.  It's not about the money so much as the fact the website is misleading.  
The food however, as always, was spectacular.  I've never had a bad meal at any Garces restaurant and this brunch will not disappoint.  Three courses with there also being a side on top of the main.  Definitely plan with your table so you can mix & match and get a good cross-section of the menu.  The shrimp & cured salmon appetizers were both fantastic and we had the eggs benedict and garlic sausage & egg sandwich for our main.  We opted for chorizo & pork belly as our sides which were both out of this world - especially the chorizo.  
So food - five stars - never an issue, but the price is up there and the fact its not accurately represented on the website is a bummer.  Definitely a special occasion brunch spot.Love it!! Much like Amada, the food is excellent!!One of my best Philly experiences to date.  Had a great, great dinner and a pretty good buzz as I left-good wine list.  Had a duck confit, Pistachio and truffle cream soup which was perfect.  Atmosphere was cozy and not irritating in  the size space it took up.   Hope my next trip is a similar one, I am sure it will be.Foods not bad.  Make sure u dont sit downstairs.  Dont order the crab but the octupus is good. Brussels and msuhrooms are the best thing on the menu.I recently attended the Jose Garces Foundation Benefit "Think Local Give Local" at the Lowes Hotel in Philadelphia. All of Garces restaurants participated with various food offerings and there was participation from many of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. It was a great benefit to help support immigration and immigrants that are located in Philadelphia. Tinto, one of Garces' older restaurants in the city really delivered with one of the best offerings of the night - shrimp on skewers. The shrimp were perfectly prepared and generously sized and served on a visually beautiful plate prepared with a sauce. Each skewer had three shrimp some vegetables and a delicious piece of chorizo. Tinto is such a great restaurant. I have been there several times in the past for happy hour so I am surprised that this is the first time that I am reviewing it,Love this place. 4.75 stars. Solid food and wine list. Chestnut soup is a must. Excellent for brunch too! I am not a big repeater of restaurants for dinner and this is one of the exceptions.Had a fabulous brunch for a friend's birthday! A three course prix fixe menu: lots of amazing food for $25 pp. Started with delicious granola, yogurt, and fruit. Followed with eggs, maplewood smoked bacon, and "Tinto hash ", added yummy grilled asparagus, and finished with delicious gâteau we were way too full for! Excellent service and a beautiful setting!I've liked all of the restaurants we've tried from the Garces Group (and I've tried pretty much all of them, I think), but Tinto is probably my favorite. Good selection of Spanish Tapas inspired upscale dishes, with some great, professional service to go along with it. Can't think of a dish I've tried and haven't liked. Even the seafood dishes are at least eadible, and I'm not a fan of seafood. This place is also where I discovered Tempranillo Rioja wine, which is probably my favorite wine.
For upscale Tapas in Philly, it doesn't get any better than Tinto.Went to Tinto with a good friend who was visiting from out of town and her brother.  She arrived early on a Tuesday night and had a glass of wine at the bar, where she discovered their Tuesday night happy hour specials - a selection of tapas for $2 each!!!  Amazing.  Totally going back for that... 
When I arrived we moved to a table.  We ended up ordering the foie gras, crispy potatoes, kobe beef and crab montaditos (2 dishes), octopus (pulpo), and green beans.  Food was AMAZING...  seriously.  The seasonal garnish of the foie gras was a "PB&J" approach - SO good, I would go back for just that.  The pulpo was also incredible, probably overall my favorite dish.  The crab toast was my least favorite - still good, but perhaps overly lemony?  Something didn't feel balanced there...  Having said that, I cannot WAIT to come back and try more things on the menu!  
Why only four starts?  First, the cost.  Tinto is pricey, no other way to state it.  Second, the service was inconsistent.  It took us forever to order and receive drinks (glasses of wine and a scotch).  Our waiter kept walking past the table and not asking if we were ready to order food.  We felt slightly ignored at the beginning of the meal.  Once we ordered, dishes came out quickly - TOO quickly, and all together.  We felt rushed to finish!  C'mon, Tinto, you've got great food, get the service up to par!Yowza, that was some good eating.  We went for restaurant week, which actually wasn't our ideal time to go since the menu is more limited.  However, with a anniversary to celebrate, I couldn't think of a better place to dine.
We had an early reseveration with only a 5:30pm time slot available on a Tuesday evening.  But I figured it was good to beat the crowds.  But for some reason with all the empty tables on the main level the hostess took us down to the basement level.  It was dim and cozy and intimate, but I did find it odd that she didn't ask where we preferred.  
As this was some weeks ago now, I can't recall exactly what each dish was but I do remember starting with a goat cheese that was quite good, and an heirloom tomato gazpacho that was delectable, yet a touch on the salty side.  Our second course tasting followed up with prosciutto with a mashed egg spread that paired really well together and  glazed chicken and cherry or grape skewers that was also delicious.  Our main courses consisted of the duck dish and the cod dish which was out of this world! We had their red wine sangrias flowing all night too - great experience i love Basque-ing :)Last night was my third time at Tinto and likely my last.  The two stars both go toward the food.  It was good, but not great.  This review, however, will focus on the restaurant's two weakest assets - the service and cleanliness.
The service:  We had reservations for 9, got there at 9, got seated at 9:15.  Typically, I would not have a problem with waiting at the bar for 15 minutes while the table was prepared.  The hostess sat us in some quasi-basement with couches and dark corners (more on those later).  This basement was almost completely empty, leaving us baffled as to the 15 minute wait.  I will tell you this:  They did not spend that 15 minutes cleaning up before we were seated.  There were crumbs covering my seat.  Not a huge deal; I'm not snob, but that was simply the tip of the proverbial iceberg.  Once seated, our waiter, Nathan, approached us and immediately turned on the charm.  By "turned on the charm" I mean condescendingly explained the tapas menu to my girlfriend, who had yet to experience the pleasure of dining at Tinto.  Nathan did not take drink orders.  Nathan darted away and back again in two minutes or so and asked "Have you decided on your meal?"  We had yet to even pick up the expansive menu, attempting instead to enjoy each other's company for a moment or two on our Valentine's Day date.  Shame on us.  So Nathan gave us some time, and I coerced him into taking my drink order.  He was clearly so excited that I reminded him about the whole drinks thing that he later brought me an extra beer without me even asking!  Don't worry, Nathan charged us for that.  So, we ordered our food, received some dishes twice, some not at all, but for the most part we enjoyed the food.  We mistakenly ordered dessert, only to wait nearly 20 minutes for it to arrive at the table.  By this point, it was after 11pm and the restaurant was nearly empty.  Had we known the ordering of dessert would extend our experience by 30 minutes, we certainly would have passed.  It wasn't even that good.  On our way out, Nathan walked right by us without a "thank you" or even an acknowledgment of our presence or that we just dropped 132 bones at his restaurant.  You're welcome, Nathan.  
Cleanliness:  Well, really lack thereof.  Like I said, crumbs on the seat, etc.  As you know, when you do the whole tapas thing, you do a lot of sharing and plates need to be changed a lot.  Nathan changed my plate after the first course but failed to extend the same courtesy to my girlfriend.  Not really sure what that was all about but it was kind of gross.  The silverware was spotted.  Again, I'm not a snob, or a germaphobe, so if I notice these shortcomings, I'm sure a more refined guest would be disgusted; I was merely annoyed.  
Dark Corners:  We were seated in a fairly empty quasi-basement on couches that sunk so low that my chin was near table-level (I'm not even short).  It was part basement, part sex den.  Our fellow diners were all over each other like horned up middle schoolers at their first school dance.  Problem was, these diners were in their mid-50's.  Well, at least one was.  His date was probably not too far removed from middle school.  I felt like an extra on the set of a filming of Millionaire Matchmaker.  It was all very uncomfortable.  Another set of diners were literally screaming into their cell phone wishing "!Feliz Dia de Los Enamorados!" (happy Valentine's Day) to their entire familia, while another followed each other to the bathroom...entered together, only to exit after the unmistakable sound of puking.  In all fairness to Tinto, the restaurant cannot be expected to screen its guests for class.  The clientele was simply a wonderful reflection of the lack of class the entire place exhibited throughout the night.  
I do not consider myself to be some sort of perfection-seeking foodie elitist  I do, however, expect a bit more from a $132 meal.Tinto is a real treat. I've dined here twice for Restaurant Week and happy hour, both experiences have been superb. From the service, to the ambience, to the tapas, it's 5 stars all around.
This is a great setting for an intimate meal with a small group of friends. You can each order 2-3 small dishes to sample a hearty variety and enjoy a filling meal. If you enjoy charcuterie & cheeses, order the mixto. Of the main dishes, we ordered and loved the pulpo (a small plate of marinated octopus), the pork belly (two succulent slices on bread, absolutely divine), the brussel sprouts (crispy and flavorful), and the albondigas (spiced meatballs served with a runny poached egg on top). Everything was delicious and beautifully plated, and more importantly, our waiter had a good understanding of pacing out when he brought our dishes, so our two hour meal over conversation had a nice cadence. 
Overall: A+ culinary experience, romantic atmosphere, attentive and personal serviceThe most wonderful meal I've had in a while. We were four people and ordered 12dishes. The food was great. Our waitress Rebecca was great. The wines were great all in all a most delightful evening.  The seating at the banquettes was the most uncomfortable ever. Please make sure you get chairs. that was the only reason I didn't give 5 starsAMAZING! Albondigas, Albondigas, Albondigas! But did I mention, the Albondigas!
I have been fortunate enough to go to dine here about 10 times, and the Albondigas get me every time! I first tried this dish at an event catered by Jose Garces and I feel even more in love with them in Tinto accompanied by the poached egg. The charcuterie and cheese plates are absolutely delicious. I would absolutely return for the Kobe Beef, Duck, Lamb and Lobster. The ambiance Chef Garces has created in this restaurant is so cozy and relaxing, in retrospect I completely understand how we always end up ordering another bottle of wine. The service has always been excellent, and the wait staff is extremely well versed in every ingredient of every dish!Terrible experience. Food was average at best and extremely pricey.  The worst part was that we were seated in the dingy basement inches away from the restroom.  
What really set me off was the pork tenderloin dish that was served in the 3rd course as part of the "Chef's Selection." I know it's trendy now to cook pork slighty rare these days but I wasn't expecting Pork Tartar! 
Not worth your time or money.While this isn't my favorite tapas place, it does have a few very delectable items that keep me going for more.  The short ribs are always nicely juicy, tender, and flavorful, and the revuelto de cangrejo is the perfect blend of egg, lump crab, bacon, peas, and herbs on toast.  I have also always had a good experience with the pork belly and duck confit,  The other dishes are good but didn't stand out as much.  If you are getting dessert, I highly recommend the chocolate y cafe, which is a deliciously rich chocolate coffee layer cake with hazelnut ice cream.  They also have coffee from Garces, which can be a good ending, also.  The service is very attentive and helpful.  Overall, a good choice for tapas.This is a nice little tapas place in the heart of Philly's financial center. The prices are surprisingly reasonable for a high-end tapas place in this part of town. The service was really good - the waitress filled my soda (not water mind you) without me asking at all; although she forgot our order of almonds, which we really didn't need because we were all pretty full at the end. We ordered 3 dishes each (that's the minimum per person I'd say) and the highlights were:
Octopus - really tasty, very nice lemon powder and sauce.
Kobe beef - beef was alright (Kobe is held to higher standards than normal) but the sauce was very tasty and interesting.
Mushrooms - how the heck could sauteed mushrooms be on the highlight list? Well, because they rocked. Simple, yet delicious.
Artichoke - really rich and creamy sauce, perfectly cooked noodles and tangy artichoke to cut through it all.
Garlic sausage with lentils - really nice, meaty sausage, hearty portion.
There were others, but nothing that stood out. Overall, it's a really good find, not the best, but definitely worth a try and, if you're in the area often (on work say) worth revisiting.Nice place for a date. The food is exceptional.  A little pricey, but worth it.I don't really remember what we ate here except the cheese tasting, but it mustn't have been too memorable. The food was good, but not amazing. The service was very good. They worked hard to squeeze us into the cramped space, serve us and get us out so we would make the next train. Its not anywhere near the level of Amada or Garces Trading Co. and maybe the same or better than Distrito.Yes, this was a great spot for drinks and dinner?  Fun atmosphere and really nice Spanish wines that I had never had before!Atmosphere is nice and intimate. The music is not overpowering and the service very accurate. The food was good. The mixto was ok, nothing special while the figs were really good. The chestnuts soup was tasty but you want to share it since is very filling. The short ribs were tender and the flavor bold, but there was too much bread. Liked the scallops while the Kobe beef was overpowered by the sauces. Brussels sprouts were good, nothing special. The pulp was real good. 
In general a bit too generous on the sauces (but never the less, tasty).
Was odd to receive the dishes in random order...the veggies came last, alone and the heavier dishes, like the sort ribs, were served before the lighter ones, like the scallops. I'll definitely be backMy boyfriend and I dine out a few times a week and it is so rare to have a perfect dining experience. Last night was our first time at Tinto and it was flawless.
We sat at the bar for a late snack and a few cocktails. The bartender, Josh, was friendly and very helpful with the menu. We decided on the scottish salmon (so delicious!) wild mushrooms, duck confit and the patatas asturianas. We also enjoyed the boquerones, which were the best anchoives I have ever had. We finally tasted the jamon iberico, which was extremely flavorful and the lamb loin, succulent and flavorful. Each dish was carefully considered and executed perfectly.
After such a wonderful meal, I wanted to read Craig Laban's most recent review of Tinto/Amada. While I usually respect his opinion, he and I had very different experiences!! I was incredibly impressed with every aspect of the evening.
We already are planning our next visit! Tinto will for sure become one of our regular spots.God I want to give this place 5 stars, but holy christ it was expensive. 
We were advised to order 4 tapas per person, and really we should have done 3, both due to expense and being ridiculously full by the end. The best things were by far the artichokes (with fresh pasta in some sort of beurre blanc sauce that was absolutely to. die. for.), the duck (though the cherry seemed unnecessary) and the lamb skewers (shots of love). 
Our waitress was incredible. She was totally helpful in explaining the menu, very attentive, knows the wine and was super friendly and generally awesome. I kind of have a little girl crush on her. I wish I could remember her name because you all should request her when you go. 
I loved the atmosphere, and they had a guy playing spanish guitar in the corner as well. It really was fantastic, save for the ridiculous expense.Great Spanish Tapas at reasonable prices.  Try the amazing Chestnut Soup!I called a head to make and received poor reservation service. I came here with a friend to meet up for dinner. We tried a variety of items and still felt hungry when we left. I recommend getting the octopus and lamb pops.
Our waiter was amazing and so helpful when selecting dishes.had a mid level tequila on the rocks the other day. a very short pour for $15. 2 or 3 small sips-GONE. I hate that!! our octopus tapas was pretty good but IMO over priced as well. my advice - pour a real drink or lower your price.  I guess I'm done with this place.My wife and I visited Philly for the first time and just walked in on a Saturday night at 530.  They were very welcoming even though we were a walk-in with our 5 month old daughter.  Having said that.....  The food was incredible.
We ordered many dishes because they all sounded amazing........ And they were.  The octopus (pulpo) was the most perfectly cooked octopus I ever had (and I work in a professional kitchen.)    It was delicious and tender yet crispy and just amazingly awesome.  The simple arugula salad was seasoned and dressed perfectly and garnished with beautiful figs.  The short ribs were great, as well as the duck rillettes.  The anchovy dish made me want to do a back flip.  They were amazing and deliciously paired with a melon gelee (i think)
The dessert was goo also but portions were a little to small.
I dont think I will ever try a different restaurant when in Philly because this one was THAT good.One of the best meals I've had in awhile. Wish they opened one in NYC. We were in our glory with chixole in hand as well as pulpo, bogadillo, shrimp and patatus (they pour the cheese over the potatoes - amazing) to eat. All of which were fantastic.  Got a cheese platter with aged manchego and quince jam (first time I had it - wonderful compliment to the cheese). Going back again when I'm in Philadelphia.What an amazing culinary experience. We went to Tinto for my birthday and were NOT disappointed. Each dish was more delicious than the last. Because the food is served tapas style, it is meant to be shared and each dish compliments the other. Our favorite dishes were the sausages, the arugula salad, goat cheese plate, and the duck. We dined in the restaurant's lower level dining room. The atmosphere was sensual and intimate. Best of all, I felt very appreciated on my special day. Mission accomplished, honey!My favorite restaurant in the city!
I've been here a couple times, and each time has been amazing. Walked in on Thursday evening here one time, and no wait. Came in on a Wednesday with reservations and had to wait another 20 minutes. 
The food is spectacular. My favorite dish here is the Tuna Tartare - it's served over a croissant and the tuna is in very small pieces that just melts in your mouth.  Other memorable dishes are the duck, the pork belly and the kobe beef. Most of the dishes I've had here come as a pair. Both times I've been here was with one other person, and somewhere between 6-8 plates/tapas are enough. I've tried the red and white sangria here, and the red one is delicious! It has a lot of flavor. Go here and experience it for yourselfAbsolutely perfect for large groups! Made reservations for five people and they sat us in a private dining room. We had our own waiter that was soo knowledgeable and soo passionate about the food and drinks at Tinto and other places he frequents.We made reservations at Tinto so we could bring relatives from out of town somewhere nice, and it did not disappoint. The atmosphere was awesome, with wine bottles lining the walls and an exposed brick interior, and the food was incredible. I loved the duck confit and the pork belly in particular, but noted that all of the meat was tender and flavorful. Other favorites were the brussel sprouts, the patatas riojanas, and the marcona almonds. The charcuterie was a delight, too, and my parents seemed to enjoy the sangria greatly. I will definitely be coming back here--I love a good tapas restaurant, and Tinto's Basque influence really sets it apart from the rest.I came on a Friday for happy hour and was really expecting a lot from chef Jose Garces, having been an Iron Chef winner. I ordered red and white sangria which were both excellent and several appetizers which were all underwhelming and very small. The potatoes were well seasoned, but lacked any punch. The beet, goat cheese app and the Serrano ham, griere cheese  bocadillo were both very small and straight forward. For $5 for 2 bites each I exited a little more taste.
The decor was nice, I really liked the corks that made up the wall by the bar.Delicious tapas food, great service, and unique hospitality unstintingly offered by Anthony of TintoThank you very much AnthonyUpdate -- Sadly I will not be returning to Tinto. A friend of mine had a rat scurry over her foot during a visit to the restaurant. And from the Philadelphia Inquirer:
"[Jose Garces' Tinto Restaurant] had more risk factors for foodborne illness than 99 percent of establishments inspected in 2014. [...] Seven inspections in a row at [Tinto] found multiple serious violations, such as a food-prep employee's working with a cut finger, raw meat stored over produce, and egg salad held at temperatures hospitable to microbes."
---------------------------------------------
Contemporary, urban tapas-style bistro in the Rittenhouse district.
A friend and I came in early on a Friday evening. The place was still pretty empty. Tinto's dimly-lit environment is enhanced by generous wood trim and candlelight, which lends the place an upscale vibe. If I had one complaint here, it would be that we were basically seated elbow-to-elbow with our neighbors. Definitely not the best setting for a private conversation. We quickly picked several random items off the menu. While we were waiting for the food, our waiter brought out a plate of fresh-baked bread. Each bite-sized bun was buttery and warm, reminiscent of a soft croissant. The accompanying dip was a smoky, creamy chipotle sauce that really shined! Needless to say, this really got our appetites going.
Our first dish was boquerones, marinated sliced anchovies wrapped around a mixture of pickled vegetables and pine nuts. The fish was tender and didn't have a fishy smell. But the pickled vegetables overpowered any subtlety the dish might've had -- I couldn't taste the pine nuts at all, only feel them crunch in my mouth. The entire dish was only three small bites, but I didn't want to eat more of it anyways. Next up was a seared pork belly canapé, thick slabs of seasoned and pan-seared pork on crisp bread topped with sliced green apples. Yum! The dish's sweet-savory flavors and crisp-soft textures contrasted nicely, and each bite came together perfectly.
For our third dish, we chose patatas riojanas, crispy fried potatoes dusted with savory chorizo powder and decorated with caramelized onions and smoked paprika aioli. Think of it like french fries' rich Spanish uncle -- exotic at first glance, but the secondary flavors were too mild. Potatoes are pretty bland on their own and these definitely needed to present some stronger flavors to really stand out. Next, we sampled the green beans topped with dates, almonds, and orange. Everything was delicious in both texture and flavor... except for the beans themselves! They were tough and undercooked. Paprika sherry vinaigrette might have been a nice finishing touch, but these beans were practically drowning in the stuff. My friend and I forced them down so we could move on to the next dish.
For our main dishes, we selected the braised short rib sandwich and organic herb roasted chicken. The sandwich came topped with tender slices of beef, chopped bacon, asparagus, and celery root aioli. Each flavor was distinct and the rich steak came through flawlessly. Everything was wrapped up nicely in a fresh-baked baguette. The chicken was tender and flavorful, but nothing special -- I've had equally good chicken many other places and wouldn't justify ordering this tapas-style again. We opted to skip dessert since the menu options are rather limited -- but fortunately, both Capogiro and Yogorino can satisfy your sweet tooth just a block away.
I usually love Garces, but Tinto fell just a bit short. Each dish was paced perfectly and presented beautifully. The waitstaff was friendly and attentive. But the food was hit-or-miss. In particular, the overwhelming use of pickled ingredients and vinegar tended to overpower some of the more subtle dishes. I won't be in any rush to go back to Tinto, but might be willing to give them a second chance.We came here for a wonderful dinner and we weren't disappointed.  It was the best meal of our visit to Philly.  Loved the pork belly the best (which I nicknamed Party in the Mouth and we ordered extra) and everything we ordered was absolutely wonderful, a total treat!  The drinks tasted great too.  The bartenders seemed a little grumpy but the rest of the service was incredible.  I loved the atmosphere too.  We took our time to enjoy our meal and glad we did!My kind of restaurant. From concept to layout to decor to, most importantly, the FOOD, I loved everything. I highly, highly recommend. Excellent service as well (especially when my bf spilled red wine on himself, the waitress immediately came over with a glass of club soda). 
We weren't super hungry, and tried to stay on the light side (rather unsuccessfully), so we didn't order any of the heavy meat dishes - but the meat items are probably delicious, and I think what he's known for. 
Highlights:
SERRANO HAM WRAPPED FIGS. Can't go wrong. Start out with these, for sure.
PRAWNS. Shrimp, chorizo, tomato, chile - light but flavor packed. Huge fan.
ARTICHOKES. Fresh papardelle with artichokes and meyer lemon zest. One of the best dishes I've had in awhile - I really, really loved it, and can still taste it (weeks later). The lemon zest with the fresh artichoke was out of this world - it was a dish that seemed simple, but was probably really complicated. The best kind. GET THIS
REVUELTO DE BACALAO. Really interesting. Not your average cod, that's for sure. It was almost just like scrambled eggs with pieces of cod - totally out there, and totally worked. However, it's definitely on the heavy side - extremely filling. You have to really like the fishiness of cod to enjoy this dish. 
Had the tinto del verano to start out the night, which was a supreme version of the summer drink, for sure. We sat at one of the hightops by the bar, which was really romantic and added to the experience. 
Bottom line - loved it. Will definitely go back soon.We made an early reservation (5pm) on a Friday night as we had theater tickets at 7pm. The place was absolutely empty when we arrived, but had filled up some by they time we left at 6:30. 
We ordered a pitcher of white sangria to start. It was good, but not $32 good. I think we would have been better off ordering a bottle. 
For food, we ordered the cheese mixto, the duck canape, the crab canape, the octopus, the green beans, and the scallops. The cheese was great. We didn't specify which we wanted, I just asked for one soft, one medium, and one hard. We enjoyed every bite, and appreciated the accompaniments, too. I wasn't too impressed with the canapes. My husband really liked the duck. The crab didn't really taste like crab. I could tell it was seafood, but if I hadn't known it was crab, I wouldn't have thought it was crab. The octopus was very tasty and so were the green beans (though they did have a bit too much dressing on them). The scallops: YUM! If I hadn't been so full by the time we finished the scallops, I would've ordered another plate. They were that good. 
For dessert we decided to share the custard, based on the many positive reviews I'd read. Neither of us was too impressed. It was good, but I wish we'd gotten the apple gateaux instead. 
The service was very good. Attentive, but not overly present. The decor is a little spare. Especially the bathroom--it could really use some. 
Bottom line. Very good dinner.After Distrito, this was was my second visit to a Jose Garces restaurant, and I could not have been more impressed with Tinto! My friend and I ordered five dishes to share, and all except one were exceptional.
We ordered the monte enebro cheese, pulpo, chicken brochettes, wild mushrooms, and a soft-shell crab special. I didn't enjoy the special, but I'm still developing a taste for seafood (my friend thought it was the best course). The photos don't do the food justice. The mushrooms and octopus were by far my favorite.
I highly recommend this place and also it's very important to make a reservation if you plan on sitting at the tables. The happy hour specials are only available at the bar.This Basque-influenced tapas restaurant has a great atmosphere, amazing service but only average food. After reading rave reviews about this restaurant and knowing that it was owned by Iron Chef Winner Jose Garces, I thought this was definitely going to impress. I was surprised that making a reservation was so easy here given its popularity. I was able to get a table Friday night on Thursday... of the same week believe it or not. 
-Boucheron cheese ($7): this goat cheese was alright. It was a bit chalky and was kind of dry with the bread. Those slices of apples helped though!
-Pork belly ($10): I prefer my belly very fatty and taking 3 years off my life so this pork belly on a piece of bread was too unfatty for me
-Paella ($25): decent size. It was okay-tasting. I prefer a bit more spices and seafood on my paella which this does not come with. Don't think they have a seafood paella here 
-Scallops ($18): my fave dish that I tried here. Melt in your mouth and great sauce embedded in a bed of tasty veggies that I cannot name
-Brussel sprouts ($13): pretty good amount of sprouts with nuts and truffle
-Service: this is where the establishment shined. Our server was very accommodating and knowledgable. We originally had seats downstairs which was very warm (do not go down there!) and our server was able to accommodate us upstairs. She also was patient with first timers and made great suggestions vs the typical whole menu is good. 
Overall, okay food but amazing service and atmosphere. Will I be back? Maybe for a glass of wine or two with friends.Tinto prides itself on its take on the flavors and tastes of the Basque country (the small region located between Spain and France along the Atlantic coast) and does it well.  Behind the unassuming brick exterior walls, you'll find a beautifully designed and intimate setting complete with dim lighting, geometric wooden grids, reclaimed lumber and comfortable seating.  All great elements for a cozy dining experience.
The meal itself was just as fantastic as the appearance.  Well seasoned, flavorful pintxos (aka tapas) are definitely the [only] way to go.  The ever popular shortrib lives up to its famed reputation as does the juicy, juicy chicken and delicious Basque onion soup.  But my favorite was by far the duck confit montadito.  My gawd, pass me a wipe, please.  However, I felt the other dishes weren't quite as successful as the aforementioned ones, particularly the pulpo (a little boring) and arugula (something was missing).  Drinks were decent but nothing really to brag about.  My Iraty was a bit too heavy on the bourbon (shocking to say, I know). 
Regardless, Tinto has a good thing going on here: nice ambiance, efficient service and solid food.  The individual dishes can be a hit or slight miss, but isn't any pintxos/tapas restaurant for that matter?  Prices run rather steep but nothing near absurd.  Overall, Tinto is a great place to dine.Great place! The food was really good. My friend and I shared tapas. We got the sopa de castana (truffled chestnut soup), octopus, lamb brochette, duck, and pork belly. Everything was really good. My favorite items were the soup and octopus! Would definitely recommend trying those two dishes. The lamb came wrapped with bacon in 3 shooter glasses. There were two pieces for the duck and pork belly dishes. We also got a pitcher of the white sangria. Our bill came out to ~$130. Pricey dinner, but very good.I went here for happy hour on a Tuesday with a friend, and I enjoyed the goat cheese with fig and pickled tomato dishes I got. They were tasty and fresh. However, I felt that the service was very nearly terrible. The bartender was unhelpful and very inattentive. When my friend asked for a recommendation, he simply said it all depended on your own personal taste and walked away. I liked the ambiance at this place, but the poor service was simply inexcusable. I wouldn't go back here again, despite the affordable happy hour menu. It doesn't help that there were only two options available on the happy hour menu for vegetarians.Had never been here before.  The atmosphere itself is very cool but a little tight.  I went with a party of 4 and we decided to get the chefs delux tasting.  This is where the Chef picks the food for you- they have a delux and a regular chefs tasting.   Apparently the delux is higher end.  And it was.  It was $75.00 a person for the delux, but I have to say it was well worth it.  We loved everything the Chef prepared for us.  Each one better then the last.  The service was wonderful and our waitress was spot on.  Our food came out just at the right times.  I can't say anything bad about this restaurant as we enjoyed everything.  Just plan on bringing some money with you as our bill with tip was over $500.00 for the four of us.  Well worth the experience.  Couldn't do it every week or every month for that matter, but once in a blue moon I will come back to enjoy a supurb dinner.I sent my client a list of Philly's top restaurants to choose from as we were both going to be in this unfamiliar city together. She selected Tinto after printing out and reviewing menus with her tastes in mind. She could not have picked a better place. We had the tasting menu and eat serving got better than the last. The service was friendly, informative and fun. If you are not sure where to eat in Philadelphia, dine at Tinto and and enjoy a wonderful experience.I rarely rave about restaurants' food, but Tinto sold me. Every single thing I ate was amazing. Service was okay, not great, and the tables were REALLY close together, but the food trumped everything. Strongly recommend!You won't be disappointed.  Definitely $$$$$ but worth it. Best wine by the glass selection i've seen.  Food is a sensory delight.  Staff is professional and knowledgeable.I have always loved Jose Garces' knack for unique and delicious cuisines throughout the city and I was recently able to experience Tinto. I made reservations for a friend and I on a rainy Wednesday and when we got there (around 8:30) we were seated almost immediately and greeted by our server. He was more then helpful - since it was our first time - and answered our questions in a professional (yet not rehearsed) manner. 
The food, while yes it's pricey, is ABSOLUTELY worth it. Small tapas plates come out however you want to order or course it for yourself. The mushrooms were spectacular as were the artichoke hearts - and I'm not even a big fan of artichokes. I STRONGLY recommend the organic chicken because the sauce it's served with is out of this world and the chicken literally melts in your mouth - that's how good it is. I don't know a whole about wine, but they do have quite an extensive list of wines - we had a nice Spanish Rioja. Definitely good with a group of people.Food: 4.5 stars
Service: 4.5 stars
Price: 4.0 stars
Ambiance: 5.0 stars
Location: 4.5 stars
Recommendations: If you are planning on dining at Tinto, I would highly recommend the Chef's Selection with Wine Pairings.  You really cant go wrong with this selection.  The best from the Premium Chef's Selection includes the Lamb Loin, Prawns, Pork Belly, and New York Strip.  Our experience at the restaurant was excellent and we will definitely be back for another wonderful dining restaurant at Tinto.  I highly recommend this restaurant
Overall: 5 starsOn a recent trip to Philly, I finally had the chance to eat at Tinto - somewhere that I'd heard about and wanted to go for a while but never made it to (even if I have been to the Capo Giro across the street many a time). We were able to score a last-minute reservation on a Friday night, potentially due to it being right after Thanksgiving, and when we got ourselves seated, the restaurant was probably a bit over half-full at best...certainly not what I would expect for an ordinary Friday night. Nonetheless, our server was very friendly, with each plate being brought out as soon as it was done, and I really dug the ambiance - a hint of exposed ceiling and industrial fixtures, but generally a low-lit, very modern spot to eat. I particularly liked the latticed separation between the lower and upper dining areas that doubles as a wine rack - a unique way to store a lot of drinks in a fashionable and eye-catching manner. While wines certainly take the attention here - and I really enjoyed the complex Spanish red my wife had - the cocktails and beers are also alright, albeit with a more limited selection than you will find from the vineyards around the world.
The food overall at Tinto is excellent, with it really less being about super-traditional Spanish preparation of the dishes and more about the inspirations that are used to meld the dishes into something more interesting. This works in some instances better than others; most memorably, the truffled chestnut soup was probably one of the best soups I've had anywhere. The slight sweetness from the nuts actually works really well with the fragrant, pungent aroma of the truffles (along with the slightly gamier flavor of a poached quail egg), and each spoonful of soup was like ambrosia from the heavens. The foie gras was delicious (albeit a little too chilled - wasn't really at room temperature), and I really enjoyed the early appearance of chocolate on the plate combined with a citrus sauce - an excellent pairing that certainly made it feel like we were eating dessert first. The octopus was cooked just right, and I really liked how light it was - drizzled with oil and having an olive aioli that was rightly on the side of being less heavy. The vegetables we ordered as sides -
 brussel sprouts and lightly fried potatoes - were well-done (and larger than we thought); in particular, I really liked the dash of paprika that the potatoes were served with, as it added more of a kick to the spicy mayo you could dip them in.
Other dishes were good but not as memorable, though. My wife really loved the duck when she first came here, but I was a tad underwhelmed - it was juicy but not distinctively smoky like duck meat is; the ham was much more prominent in the dish, and the black cherry added a bit of a discordant sour note. I also found the meatballs to be tasty but very generic in preparation - they were definitely overcooked, and the sauce and onions were very hearty and covered up any real flavor that the meatballs had left in them. The paella was pretty moist and flavorful, but it ate much more like a rice dish - it didn't have the crispiness or the charred bottoms that the best paellas I have eaten have.
Nonetheless, the food at Tinto, on balance, is very good, and it's hard to beat the slightly rustic post-industrial feel and smartly casual ambiance that the restaurant has. I haven't been to Amada in a very long time, so I can't say for sure that this is better, but Tinto in its own right is worth a visit.i like tinto quite a bit although the menu is awfully reminiscent of amada. i like the menu and find everything to be very consistent. i love the meat and cheese boards, the sea bass, and albondigas. i recommend making reservations. i will take continue to go back.I sent the following message to Tinto on 2/11 and have not received a response. I am lowering from a 5 star rating to a 1 star rating. A friend and I were talking this past weekend about how the quality and service has declined recently, and I'll take the lack of a response as proof of that fact. I'd appreciate a response to the following message:
Tinto has always been not just my favorite Garces restaurant but my favorite Philadelphia one. We have been to Garces restaurants at least 30 times in just the past few years. We just had (on 2/7) the worse service experience ever and would like to give you a chance to respond. Our waiter, forgot to place one of our ordered items and after we waited for nearly 30 mins, we had to ask him about it (he never checked on us in that time). After we asked he didn't apologize and we waited another 15 mins. 45 for a dish of scallops. After we ate that dish, he took away our plates, and silverware and said 'I trust you've had enough'. We only had 5 plates, we hadn't!  But we certainly weren't going to order more from him. We moved to the bar so that we could finish eating.   All in all we spent $300 and we should have left but we were hungry!  The manager never approached our table. All very second rate service and less than should be expected at your restaurant.I gave one star only because yelp doesn't have the option to give 0 star. This is the worst Spanish restaurant in town. We went there on New Year's Eve since it was one of the few restaurants that opened on that day. We were told that they only have tasting menu on New Year's Eve, which was fine. They put us upstairs, it was a small room that fits roughly 8 tables with NO space between each table. That was not the worst part. The waiter came over threw the menu to us without saying anything or introducing their tasting menu, it forced us to pick the same courses to share. During the entire dining, we did not receive the service we supposed to receive(I still paid 20% tips given that he had to work on New Year's Eve). He didn't even ask us how's doing or refilled water for us while he did for other tables (maybe the restaurant should hire some happy workers). Those were not biggies if the food were good. However the food really disappointed us, the bread was cold and rough, lamb chops were not well cooked, it was full of fat and the meat was rough to the point that you cannot even chew it, Jamon taste like one of those hams you got from Wegmans. Overall, it was a very disappointing experience. If you are into Spanish food, Amada is the place to go, don't waste your money on this ghetto place.Great tapas and drinks menu. The tapas are prepared quickly, drink combinations were mixed well and the space is great for romantic dinner or night out with friends. The service is above par. The only negative would be the saltiness of some of the dishes and the dessert portions were very tiny.Great place for small plates, drink and conversation.  We ordered and sampled about 12 menu items including our dessert and enjoyed every single one of them!  Great place to go when you have time to relax and preferably with good company.I went here for restaurant week as I have not gone to a Garces restaurant yet and wanted to try it at a more affordable price. It was $35 for two starters, two more entree type dishes and a dessert. This is a tapas restaurant though so they were all small plates, but the whole meal was the perfect amount. We also got the wine pairing which came with two glasses for $15, one to go with the starters and one to go with the second course. It was supposed to be a light white for the starters and a more medium bodied red with the second course but everyone in my group opted for two reds. The food was phenomenal. If you go you have to try the duck mantadito, the duck with the cherry was a great combination I have never had before. Over all the atmosphere was relaxing and the service was spot on. I would go here again.Here is my advice: 
Go here on your birthday. Tell everyone it is your birthday. Have the Chef's Tasting Menu with Wine Pairing. You will have a happy birthday! 
Seriously, make reservations. Show up about 30-60 minutes early and have a drink or two next door at Village Whiskey, maybe something pickled, too. The service at Tinto was so attentive- you can't go wrong taking their menu recommendations. We had a party of two and both ordered the Chef's Tasting Menu. They made one vegetarian and one not, upon request. Be prepared- portions are slightly larger than any tasting menus I've had. Food was nicely seasoned and well prepared.  Nothing underdone, nothing overdone and no meat appeared on my plate. 
They even brought my dessert with a candle. 
Pricey, but worth every penny!I think I like Tinto better than Amada. Great food but not a fan of the beer selection.Tinto, conceptually, is a great place.  Tapas is and should forever be a part of our culinary landscape in Philadelphia.  Garces has done a lot for the dining scene here and I respect that.  So don't see this as Tinto being a poor or even mediocre restaurant.  It's a very nice restaurant.  As such should be reviewed at a higher level.
I've eaten here a couple times, had drinks one more.  The bar area on the second level is gorgeous.  Great spot that usually has open seats and friendly service.  This extends to the dining area.  Cool, comfortable all around.
I've tried a number of dishes here, it being tapas and my having friends who know how to share.  So no need to list every one.
Things I liked: Weird, but they actually have really good olives in my opinion.  Very loose flesh, if that makes sense to you.  Probably not unless you've had really good olives before.  "Obligatory pulpo mention".  Any of the canapes.  Spiced meatballs.  Go nuts on these.  The fries with the moules basquaise are also really freakin good, order these on their own as they allowed us to do after mine were being consumed by the rest of the table a bit too quickly.
Things I took issue with:  The moules of the moules basquaise.  They were sandy.  Very sandy.  Unacceptable.  If I wasn't with my girlfriends friends who I'd met for the first time that night and wanted to not look like a dick I would've sent them back to the kitchen.  So I'm taking it out in a public forum instead, which I guess is even more dick but whatever I don't feel as bad.  Lots of moules in there though, but half were crunchy and hard to eat.  And the red sauce it's in was boring.  Of course I'm sure this was an exception to the norm, but warrants mentioning.  Also the gatxuxa (paella) was way too salty.  It was still pretty good, but in a "I know this is bad for my heart but I do not care" way.
So, great spot, just be wary of what you choose to eat.Tinto is definitely an expensive meal out, but perfect for a celebration. My favorite dish here is the pork belly - it's crunchy, it's just fatty enough, it's sweet, it's everything you want in a piece of pork belly. As a side note, I also suggest trying the cocktails here as well. They don't disappoint either.Went for the first time last weekend with friends and it was excellent. This place won't disappoint if you are looking to get a good taste of many different foods (as long as you bring the right friends!). As it is tapas, you share the dishes - ordering about 3 per person. I was with a group of 3 which I thought was perfect - able to try 9 things but also thought I got a good sized portion of everything.
My two favorites were probably the duck and the tuna tartar. They come out well paces which is nice. Only thing I thought was weird is that both of our veggies (mushrooms and green beans - recommend both) came out last. Thought they would be cooked quicker/see one in the middle somewhere.
Our waiter was really friendly and helpful. Not sure if this is true of all of the waiters but he had extensive knowledge of the wines and the regions. So instead of having 1 or 2 wines to recommend, he could actually tell you about the season any wine was grown in - that region/year and the types of grapes etc. 
I can't pinpoint why, but I do still think I like Amada slightly more. Just overall ambiance maybe - but Tinto's was great too and I prefer the Rittenhouse location. Either way - this place is a must try for those in Philadelphia.I went to this place mainly because I was a loyal follower of Jose Garces from my Amada experiences in the past. But it was a uniquely different and amazing experience in comparison to Amada (like comparing two children).  It was definitely more of a lounge with excellent drinks and tapas but the food is good enough to go for it alone (unusual). Jose can do no wrong.
I especially appreciated its proximity to Rittenhouse when I lived there. Go over to Capogiro afterwards for a night cap!My favorite restaurant in Philly! Fantastic for restaurant week especially with a larger group of people because you get to literally try everything. But it is exceptional on any day. The food is fantastic. I wish they have the quail still which wowed me when I first went in 2010. Another favorite is the truffle risottoBeen here twice. A fun place to hang out, but I've never been blown away by the food (so much so I don't even remember what I had to eat). I do very much like the Guernica cocktail. In the future I'll go here only if someone else is picking up the tab, or else I'll go just to drink the Guernicas until I'm completely smashed.Had high expectations, was disappointed.  
Made a note that it's for hubby's bday- requested for quiet corner table.  They acknowledged bday but had us at a small middle table.  There were others available and the restaurant was never full, two regular men got a booth without requesting - what gives?
Service friendly but slow.We had a reservation for six people, but had to wait for more than an hour to be seated in the restaurant. We had the prawns, risotto, mushrooms, artichoke, pork belly, lamb, organic chicken, fried potatoes and the cheeses. They were all very good except the artichoke and mushrooms. These were'nt fresh tasting, they may have used canned. The fried potatoes were amazing! The desserts were ver good as well. Overall, great tasting food and pricey. I would'nt recommend for groups larger than four. Seating can be a hassle. The waiters were friendly, but were always on the run.Been here twice and ti keeps getting better everytime.
Jose Garces places are always killer.  INCREDIBLE wine selection and great for groups since it is Tapas style.
Go in expecting to spend a bit more than normal but you will not regret it.I have never had a bad meal at a Garces Restuarant, so I am glad that my high expectations were met whilst dining here.
I went here with my girlfriend this month for her birthday, so we elected to try the tasting menu (They have 2 options, a regular one for 55, and a more upscale menu options one for 75. We opted for the regular one.)
With the very dim lighting in the restaurant, it was much easier to just go with the chef's tasting, than to try and figure out what all the different menu options are. Plus, if you choose it for tapas, you know you won't go home hungry. With 16 different items that followed, my intuition was correct.
Things that came that were wonderful:
Charcuterie and Cheese Plate. - Probably some of the best charcuterie I've ever 
had. I don't love ham, but the Jamon was chewy and delicious, Lomo (like a thin-cut beef teriyaki) was superb, and the Chorizo matched perfectly with several of the cheeses we were served.
Chicken on skewers in garbanzo bean puree. These came served in tall shot-glasses (neat-touch), and the puree was good enough that I drank the sauce (not sure if I was supposed to or not, but I didn't care).
Green Bean Salad, w. almonds, and sherry vinaigrette - Warm green beans tasted much better than the canned stuff I ate growing up.
Prawns with shrimp and chorizo - Very large. Nice touch adding chorizo to the shrimp. Whats not to like.
Patatas asturianas - Very similar to patatas bravas served at most tapas restaurants, but delicious all the same.
crispy potato, tomato compote, la peral cream
Pork Belly open faced mini sandwich - who doesn't love a good pork belly.
And for dessert: a chocolate mousse, flourless chocolate cake. I could have ate many of these had there been any room left.
Things that were good, not great:
Smoked almonds. Olives. -Both regular tasting, but nothing special.
Bomba rice with mushrooms in them. - I don't really like mushrooms. Others in my party liked this very much.
Moules Basquaise - Mussels with chorizo and fries. Mussels tasted kind of sandy. Not the taste I want in my mouth.
Lamb chops - One of the seasonings they used (rosemary I believe) coated it, and made it difficult to eat without choking on it.
For dessert there was also a toasted brioche, that didn't do anything for me, and couldn't stand up to the chocolate cake.
Things that I didn't like:
Turbot and Sea Bass - Both fish were too salty, and salt was the only flavor you could taste. I would not order either of these again.
To eat 16 things, and 14 of them good or delicious is a winner and my books. I would soon come back to grab a glass of wine and another tapas or two that we didn't get to try last time.Ordered 6 plates. Got 5. Bit into a bone in 2. That being said, the tuna tartare was spot-on. The walnut, mushroom & and quail egg soup was also delicious, as were the figs salados.
The paella was flavorful, but drowned in salt - inedible. That's a major blunder in a Spanish restaurant.
That being said, the wine list is a veritable how-to of Spanish wines. Go for that. Now. Skip the food.
Also, I have never seen plates come and go that cleanly - seamless. Bien hecho, wait staff!I definitely liked it. The decor was pleasant, the service very good and the food pretty good. It's not quite Amada but I definitely a fan.Good sangria and OK sized portion tapas for sharing for 2 people. It was good but wasn't memorable enough for me to say I want to return. However, I tend to be picky w/ tapas only bc I've been to Spain to experience real tapas and eaten a good amount at my Spanish friend's homes. There was something about these tapas that didn't feel authentic. Chef Garces' other tapas restaurant - Amada, is much better!I'm not kidding. But seriously, my stomach hurts after eating Wagyu. I didn't even wrap it up to give it to a homeless. Yes. IT IS THAT BAD. The server was intense which is kinda rude. I gave him 0 dollars cause he deserved it. I won't recommend it to anyone.I came to Tinto after the Iron Chef episode aired to try his dishes from the show.  While I was watching the show, I was a little disappointed that the secret ingredient was melon.  It's not that I don't like melon, I just prefer meat.  But I swear, the secret ingredient could have been bubbles and Garces would've made it wonderful.
They only had one of the episode's dishes available when I was there, the breakfast dish.  Pork belly, quail egg sunny side over melon, and a frozen espresso granita.  Fantastic.  The melon was superb and the dish in general was simple and creative.  I also had a slew of other dishes including the beef short rib sandwich, kobe beef tapa (melts in your mouth), duck confit, cheese mixto platter, and the list goes on.  I loved them all.  Like Amada, I don't think I could go wrong with any order.  
The service was good, and our waiter was very personable.  The place is dark and cozy, like Amada but I honestly only saw the place from the door to my table.  So i can't speak for the rest of the place and have no idea how spacious or not it is.  
Amada is still my favorite, like the straight A's, good looking, plays 4 instruments, 5 sports, speaks 3 languages, and ivy league bound child.  While Tinto is like the reliable middle child who's destined for good things but a little overshadowed.Mixed bag during our visit to Tinto.  10 of us went for dinner and we (not all of us at once) showed up early for a drink or two at the bar. Big disappointment.  Bar area poorly designed and can only handle 10-12 folks somewhat comfortably.  Wine was good, cocktails were flat out horrible!  Most of all, the bartenders were slow and not even slightly engaging. Should have started off the evening somewhere else.
However, the dinner quickly made me forget the hour or so I wasted at the bar. All 10 of us got the deluxe chef tasting and wine pairings (yes, a small fortune was spent that night). Although an item or two may have been a bit over cooked, everything was outstanding!! Particularly liked the cheese tray, scallops, duck, baby artichokes, lamb, & sirloin steak.  The dessert tray provided was interesting as the items all had a smokey taste but I thought that it worked.
All in all, I would definitely go back for dinner but start somewhere else for drinks beforehand.Amazing food, friendly service, good vibes.I think I understand the whole point of tapas way better now. Before, I figured it was more or less a fashionable thing that people who make too much money enjoy doing: paying fancy to get several tiny plates of food. Tinto showed me the beauty - it's about savoring the precious flavors - everything is so carefully selected to pair with another thing. Not the most eloquent girl here, but the food was so pretty and it delivered the goods. Too often pretty food doesn't "kiss you back" once it's on your tongue, an example of this would be wedding cakes. Like all the creative energy goes into making a wedding cake pretty, but not a lot of them really seriously taste good, and it's not reallly supposed to matter all that much. 
We had the brunch, there were four sections of the menu and within each section four or five options. You know when you get Indian food with a bunch of people and you try to order to assemble a grande table of sharable delights? That's the approach you want to take here. Go in with a team of 2 or more people and you can divide and conquer the sweet nectar of the menu. And the waiter - our guy was Thomas, and you'd have to search at least a couple of weeks to find his equal - he was knowledgeable and friendly, relaxing to be around and a straight-talker  - will enthusiastically share his personal favorites and help architect you up a delight for eyes, soul and palate. I think they have a super fancy pants wine of the month beauty pageant or something, that's nice for the Rittenhouse crowd - but what makes it so nice is they also have french toast or yogurt and granola for that person who needs that to be on the menu. I think Tinto really cares about giving you a pretty, relaxing time in addition to knocking your socks off, culinarily. It's not an easy balance to strike, and you simply can't go wrong with the $25 Sunday brunch.Great place for tapas and drinks! It's almost always busy but if you can get a seat at the bar, it's a great spot to grab a bite and enjoy a beverage. My wife and I also enjoy the people watching because there's almost always an awkward date or two going on.Came here on a Friday right at 5pm, but only for the happy hour, so keep that in mind.  Not bad, started off slow, then the people started piling in.  The maitre d' said the reservation list was full so we weren't able to have dinner, but the bar tapas were notably superb.  We weren't dressed up as we should be but the bartenders were all extremely friendly and made some kickass white sangria, which I found better than the red.  Not a bad experience!  Next time I'll be sure to make a res for dinner.I really enjoy the atmosphere Tinto was able to deliver.  I joined a few associates of mine there last evening to grab a few drinks and appetizers before we caught a show at Helium.  First the drink.  The ladies seemed quite pleased with the vast selection of wines available.  Also, I seemed to hear nothing but praise for the gin drink and bubs they were also throwing back.  Beer selection was modest, but seemed to cover all the basic areas; stout, ipa, pilsner, etc.  The apps or small plates were all very fantastic and I would go back, order any of them and be thrilled about it.  Charcuterie, risotto, cheese plate, lemony mushrooms, crab salad, the ribeye open face mini sandwiches, the lamb skewers.  It was apparent rather quickly the pride in which the staff presents each dish, and not soon thereafter the skills and dedication that the chef and his team put into making each selection taste exquisite.  I would go back there again and plan on doing so.  Soon!Tinto's menu is creative and the food is delicious. No question there. The lobster claw is some of the best we've ever had. However, we left Tinto feeling disappointed, despite enjoying everything we ordered. The service the night we went  was awful - despite being a table of 4 that ordered generously and ordered drinks throughout the meal, we were essentially ignored by our server and didn't even get an apology when 2 of the small plates we ordered never arrived by the end of the meal. Turns out our server forgot to enter them. While the sangria is tasty and appropriately priced, the wine list is shockingly overpriced (even by restaurant mark-up standards). We recognized more than a few bottles by name and were surprised at the prices Tinto was asking.I was here on Wednesday night for dinner with friends. It was freezing when we got in and thought it may have just been the shock from it being so hot outside; however, it never seemed to even out. All 3 of us that came to dinner were shivering throughout the meal.
The menu was easy to read and provided a variety of choices without being overwhelming. Staff was friendly and didn't keep us waiting long. The décor was perfect for the setting.
As far as food goes, I was not overly impressed. I usually really enjoy the tapas style and getting to try a variety of different foods; however, nothing we ordered had that "Wow" factor. 
- Brussel sprouts- pretty good
- Octopus- okay
- Kobe Beef- exceptional (one thing I truly enjoyed)
- Cheeses- nothing you can't find at Wegman's (thought the portions were very small)
- Figs- decent
It wasn't a "bad" experience just not worth the price in my opinion. I suggest the turn the air down as well.I came here for date night and actually tried the wine pairing menu. Everything on the menu tasted fantastic and went very well with the chosen wine from red to white.  I would remember what was on the menu if I chose it myself, since it was picked by the chef, I definitely can't remember anything the waiter said (sorry).Technically, we had already celebrated my birthday on the actual day while vacationing in Costa Rica with his family, but my bf and I just took that as an excuse to have yet ANOTHER celebration back in Philly for just the two of us. Last year the location was Amada, and we had such an incredible dinner that I had to try another of Jose Garces' restaurants. Tinto reservations completed, we excitedly made our way over to 20th and Sansom.
The interior is wonderful - dark and warm, which gives it an intimate feel. I barely even noticed the other diners around us. We were seated immediately along the wall in the front room and our waitress quickly gave a run through of how to dine tapas style (which we already knew, but no matter). We immediately ordered a pitcher of their red wine sangria - alot for two people, but its my birthday party and I'll drink if I want to! - and boy was it good. It was like drinking fruit juice, only better because its the adult version. 
After the drinks task was complete (and we had put away a full glass each), we began our journey through Garces' culinary adventure into Basque cuisine. We shared/gorged on the following:
Serrano ham wrapped figs: Technically my bf ate this, but I had a bite of the figs themselves and it was a morsel of caramelized goodness. My bf had to restrain himself from inhaling them to fully enjoy the flavors.
Chicken brochettes with garbanzo puree and truffle jus: What was technically a "why not?" choice became a surprising stand out. The chicken brochettes were tender and moist, and paired with the puree and truffle jus was just fantastic.
Heirloom tomato gazpacho with avocado and fried padron peppers: Not the chunky gazpacho style I enjoy, but delicious nonetheless. The fried peppers were a lovely addition to a basic dish.
Sea bass with cockles in salsa verde: Absolutely incredible, the sea bass was cooked to flaky perfection. Both it and the cockles were enhanced by the salsa verde.
Asparagus with smoked tomato compote and majon espuma: When it came out, it was NOT what I expected. Half is asparagus, the other half is the tomato compote and majon espuma, which had surprising tastes. The compote is quite smoky, and the espuma very light, airy and somewhat sweet to my taste. I didn't care for the compote too much, but the asparagus tasted great with the espuma.
Wild Mushroom with roasted potato, shallot and parsley: Wow. This reminded me immediately of traditional Basque tapas, the mushrooms were incredibly delicious and woody-flavored. A must.
Chocolate coffee layer cake (almond meringue, chocolate ganache, coffee buttercream layers) with hazelnut ice cream: Chosen by our waitress' recommendation, and such a good choice it was. We were so full at this point we couldn't choose something TOO rich. This cake was light yet satisfying, and the hazelnut ice cream made it taste even better! I have a craving for hazelnut gelato now.
Overall, our dinner was fantastic. The food was delicious, our waitress was attentive, friendly, and funny, and the atmosphere was perfect for what we wanted. This is a perfect place for a special occasion - or every night if you can afford it! I definitely plan on returning soon; Garces has me hooked.My wife and I were here for Restaurant Week in January 2016 just a few nights ago. It was hard to secure a reservation but ultimately we managed to find a spot for 9:45 p.m. We were quite pleased with our overall experience but the experience wasn't flawless.
As soon as we arrived at the restaurant, we were seated by the hostess who also helped me with my winter coat. Tinto being a tapas-styled place, each of us had a choice of two dishes for the first course, two dishes for the next one, and finally a choice of dessert. Between my wife and I, we went for the Boucheron Cheese (goat cheese), the Chorizo Pamplona, the Jamón Serrano (ham), and the Chicken Brochette for the first course. Then for our next course, we went for Duck Confit, Spanish Octopus, Shrimp Gambas, and Sea Bass. (The official names were far more involved but I am choosing to refer to them in ways that the average human being might recognize!) Finally, for the desserts, we went with the two different options that there were - the first being a chocolate tart and the second, an ice cream.Our waitresses also suggested the wine pairing ($15 for two glasses - one white and one red) and I decided to give that a try.
Our impression of the food it that it was creatively done and bore the hallmarks of a master chef. We were glad to have gone with our waitresses' recommendation on the cheese. Based on the kinds of cheeses we normally like, she recommended the boucheron and it was one of the most wonderful pieces of cheese I have had. The duck confit also had a nice richness to it - perhaps to be expected but still good. The sea bass is my wife's go-to dish when eating out and she enjoyed it as well. However, something which stuck out as we went on with the dinner were the uneven portion sizes across dishes. While the sea bass had a decent portion size, the shrimp gambas were much smaller in comparison, with only two short skewers of shrimp. In fact, they were about the same portion size as the chicken brochette, which had been a part of our earlier course. The desserts were also far too small and in perhaps what was a theme through the evening - I was left wanting more, in the last instance literally! 
Our service was acceptable, but not as stellar as the food. Our server did not refill our glasses as often as we would have liked her to do. When we expressed a liking for the white wine, she commented that she would bring out the bottle out so that we could have a look and make a note for ourselves but she never followed through. Towards the very end of our meal, even though I requested her for another helping of the ice cream, she chose not to humor me. And finally, the restaurant did not provide us with a voucher that would have given us a discount for parking at the nearby garage. Granted we didn't ask for it as we were leaving, but for places that want to stand out as the best in class, it surely wouldn't have hurt them to check with us if we needed a voucher for parking. In other words, nothing that I would go up to the manager and complain about, but small irritants which combined to leave the feeling that the service was just about OK - certainly a few shades lower than the food.
Would I go back? Sure I would consider it. Tinto's small physical space and average service notwithstanding, it has one of the most creative menus I have come across and we found most, if not all, dishes expertly crafted. Therefore, if I am thinking of a fancy dinner, this will certainly be among the places I consider.We had dinner this past weekend at Tinto. We both love Spanish and tapas, so this was a good fit. When you walk into Tinto you feel like you're in some kind of wine cellar. It's cozy and interesting. I saw they had my favorite wine on the menu which was a treat.
To start, we had the Arugula salad with serrano ham, mission fig, fried goat cheese, spiced almonds, seville orange vinaigrette. It sounded like all of my favorite things in one dish. But it was salt OVERLOAD! We both agreed and had to send it back. They brought us a new one, which was definitely less salty, but I wasn't impressed. The fried goat cheese was dry and crumbly and overall the salad was just lacking flavor. Next came the Pork Belly montadito. It was served on bread with shaved apples on top. The bread was super fresh, and the apples gave a nice crunch. But still, not as flavorful as it could have been. The next two dishes were my favorite, Patatas Asturianas- crispy potato, tomato compote, la peral cream and Diver Scallops with cider demi-glace, benton's bacon, shaved apple. The sauce for the potatoes was amazing. I would eat it plain any day. The scallops were also perfectly cooked and delicious. Our last course was the paella with rabbit. It was my boyfriend's favorite, reminding him of the flavors of New Orleans. The rabbit was great, as was the prawn on top. But the overall dish was a bit too salty for me.
For dessert we had Cuajada- toffee & black pepper custards, fig, pistachio. It was alright. We chose this because it was the lightest option. The flavors didn't go together so great, and the pepper was overwhelming.
Overall, it was a nice dinner. Similar price point to other restaurants in the area. However, the scallop dish was $18 making each scallop a wopping $9. Well worth it. But still. The food was average to good. Nothing spectacular.I finally had the opportunity to make it over to Tinto this past weekend for my boyfriend's 27th. Absolutely delicious! Our waiter was very knowledgeable, recommended an excellent Tempranillo, and was extremely accommodating to my Gluten free diet! 
Garces trumps Starr yet again.Ok.... I'm not sure if it was because it was raining... Or because it was a Monday... Or because I was dining solo... Or maybe I didn't get the right dishes.... But c'mon!  Except for the dessert (sheep cheese with apple and mint which was great), I didn't like anything.  The bread they first brought was soggy.  Then the octopus.... No, I don't like it.  Artichoke pappardelle... Don't get it pls for $12.   Lamb wrapped in bacon... Fine was pretty good, but nothing special.  Finally to give them another shot, as a non dessert person (because that takes away my drink quota), I got the dessert thank god.  I'm sorry... But this is not even close to Amada.Last night in Philadelphia and the girlfriend and I decided to have dinner at Tinto, a restaurant owned by Iron Chef Jose Garces. Stepping into the restaurant, it was very cozy and very modern. Service was great. The staff was very attentive. We decided to get the tasting menu along with foie gras since its banned in California. All dishes were very delicious and seasoned beautifully. We loved the foie gras dish and would definitely recommend this place to anyone.This is one of the best restaurants in the city. I recommend this restaurant as a great place to go on a date or catch up with a colleague. The staff is very helpful and friendly.  I'd definitely go back for the atmosphere! Try the tasting menu if you do go and be prepared to eat.I went to Tinto last night, and all I can say is wow!  This restaurant is one of the top restaurants that I have ever dined at.  I enjoy tapas and feel they had a flawless execution of service and food.Delicious food, good drinks, great service.
We came here to celebrate my fiancés birthday. From the moment we walked through the door out service was excellent. The mixed drinks were delicious and they have a great selection of wines. We really enjoyed the brisket sliders- definitely recommend.Very cool decor and great dinner spot. The food is very rich and filling. The 3 plates per person is more than enough. Highly recommend the sea bass.Great tapas restaurant. It is a bit pricey, but you definitely pay for the quality and craftsmanship of the food. I would recommend this to people who enjoy a good variety of food and/or want a nice place to take a date.Went for lunch, and it was terrific. A welcome departure from the usual lunchtime fare in the area, and while it was a tad more expensive, I usually don't take time to sit down to table service at lunch. It was well worth it, the service was excellent and friendly and the food was good. I had the arugula salad, which i really enjoyed and the serrano ham panini which was good, although a tad oily. I probably would order something else next time - but the frites were delicious. I will be here regularly!I came to Tinto over the weekend just to check it out, have an app or two and try some vino. 
The restaurant is actually right next door to another Garces establishment, Village Whiskey. I enjoy both of them!
The decor is typical wine bar with ceiling high wine storage stocked full, dark lighting and chic furnishings. 
I had two glasses of the Tinto Fino, and loved it. I do not know much about Spanish wines, but after my sampling, I would like to learn more! My friend had a few glasses of the Blanca Sangria, which she informed me was also quite tasty, light and refreshing. 
The restaurant is tapas, and we were not starving so it worked for us, but plan on having a few plates to share and feeling satisfied but definitely not stuffed. Typical for tapas though in my opinion. 
We had the "mixto" cheese plate, with three different cheeses along with some apples, honey and some sort of jellied-fruit (not sure exactly)! I was away from the table when the waiter brought it over, so I did not catch the exact names of the cheeses, but we had a blue, a brie-like one, as well as a smoky hard cheese that had a similar consistency of a parmigiano. All were great! We finished dinner off with the meatball or "Albondigas" on the menu. Spicy meatballs in a red sauce with a poached egg in the middle and some bread to dip. Yes please!
A pleasant experience. I will definitely return.Went for restaurant week. I can't remember the specifics of what we had but the problem was that there was so much pork!! I have to admit there was plenty more to fill you up and everything was great. The ambiance is really nice too.Went there with one of my favorite girls. Love this place. The waiter has a great sense of humor.Tough to decide between 3 or 4 stars although I went with 3 stars due to that fact that the sangria (both white and red) were really disappointing.  That's a huge black mark for a tapas place in my book.    
Some of the tapas range between delectable to disappointing.  One downside going to a tapas place for the first time.  You can order a dozen dishes for a party of 4 and their will almost inevitably be one of two you wish you could do a 'redo' on.  
Let's start off with the good:
Highly recommend the sea bass and the Kobe beef.  They were great.  Figs were also quite nice as were the short ribs. Artichokes were also quite good with a nice sauce that complemented the fresh pappardelle and artichokes well.  Bread that came out too with our various tapas was good too.   Bambo rice was also a hit although the one person in our party passed because of the asparagus.  I loved it though especially since the asparagus didn't overpower the dish which can easily happen.
The service also during the meal was really good.  Never had to wait for dishes to be cleared, water glasses were constantly filled, and our server was great. 
Love the ambiance and the interior.  Really nice restaurant inside.  
The so-so:
Diver scallops weren't bad either but they were a bit overcooked and too chewy.  Usually one thing I almost never order out in a restaurant because they are so damn hard to cook properly especially when the kitchen is slammed on a busy Friday/Sat night.  Pork belly was cooked great but it was a bit on the fatty side for pork belly.  
The bad:  
Tuna tartare was just a conceptual fail.  Why take a beautiful piece of raw tuna and chop it up into pieces so fine?  Texture is a huge part of eating tuna tartare and this dish just didn't have it.  Ditto the cold jumbo lump crab.  It was like eating crab salad without the mayo and no so fresh avocado.  Both dishes I would definitely avoid.  Same with the mushrooms.  Way too much salt and no real variety in the types of mushrooms.  Boring dish that should be avoided.
Sangria was the real letdown though.  It stunk.  I understand they aren't going to use a higher-end bottle of wine to make the sangria but for $32 for a small pitcher it better be better than a '$2 buck chuck.'  Also it needs a lot less ice and a bit more fruit.  I understand it needs to be chilled but I felt like I was at a fast food place trying to improve their margin by overflowing your glass with ice.  
If you are going to go with the sangria though, go with the white.  It was slightly better than the red.  Still, I was really looking to some sangria after a brutal week at work & it simply wasn't that good.  Certainly not worth the inflated price for a poor quality of wine and enough ice to make a small igloo with.  Better off going with a glass of wine even though most of their 'wine by the glass' selections are pretty overwhelming Spanish wines.  
Sitting on the booth seat shouldn't be an exercise in torture.  I am only 6' feet tall and felt uncomfortable with no leg room & hunched over a bit.  My friend at 6'2'' simply couldn't sit in the booth without being uncomfortable.  He had to take a chair.  Pity anyone over say 6' who has to sit in one of the booth seats because there simply isn't enough room.
Also it took a ridiculous amount of time to get the check.  Shouldn't take 20 minutes. 
Verdict:
I know that some people love to come to a tapas place on a date but I have always much rather preferred to come with a group of 4 or 6 people who I love to converse & drink with instead.  Tapas really are a social thing.  Plus, it also means you order a ton of tapas and get to try a broad selection of the menu.
Poor quality of the sangria was really disappointing.  Also thought it was a bit pricey for a tapas place given the quality of the food we got.  It was good but not great.  I expect something pretty good or even great when our bill comes out to over $100/person with gratuity.  
Given that I like Amada more, I don't think I will be back to Tinto unless there really is a good reason to come.  If you are going to come, look thorough of the writeups here to try to get a better idea of what tapa to order and which ones to avoid.Beautiful environment... Very sexy n chic' type of vibe. Food is amazing! Great place to go to for a date to create great conversation over food you can share. Gourmet Spanish Style. Service is 110%. Clean. Prices are reasonable for the quality of food.The truffle chestnut soup with duck confit and quail egg was OUT OF THIS WORLD!!! Our lamb bruchetta, Brussels, duck and octopus were also incredible! Wonderful atmosphere, lovely staff. Will definitely come back !I want to like this place better...I've gone back 2 times to try to like it better, but I think it's a poor wannabe Amada (even though they are both Jose Garces restaurants).  The decor is cool and different from Amada--wine bottles everywhere and the restaurant has 2 different levels.  The bar is a cool place to drink.  But the food is expensive and not that tasty.  I've tried the shortrib bocadillo, moules basquaise, prawn brochettes, duck canape, butifarra, etc. and they were all just ok.
They accommodate big groups though but for some reason, the place just always feels dead.  It's not quiet and lowkey in a good way, it just feels empty and about to close down or something.  I'd rather make the trek to Amada and eat much tastier food.I came here with clients and absolutely loved it.  We had the chef's tasting menu, which was a great way to sample across the menu, and everything was great.  They even worked with us to find gluten free items for one of our guests without changing the menu too much.  
In addition to the food, the space was really nice.  Dark and warm.  
Next time I'm in Philadelphia for longer than a meeting, I'm going to insist on coming back.While on a business trip I visited Tinto in October '12. My party of 5 were seated upstairs in a "dining room" and it was nice to be away from the hustle and bustle of the downstairs dining area. Since it was Restaurant Week the menu was limited but everything was delicious. Some dishes that stood out were the duck, diver scallops, figs, and albondigas. The sangrias and dessert were also very good.So my friend and I were hanging out in the city over the winter, and she was excited we were near Tinto. Since I had kids, I don't get into the city nearly as much. But she was like: they have the BEST soup ever. And because at the time I had some gastro issues I was all "MEH" but I want going to not try it. 
I tried it and was immediately transformed into Banya from Seinfeld. Telling everyone you have to try the sopa de castaña. IT'S THE BEST JERRY, THE BEST! 
So yeah, it's a great place. Food is delicious, but if you don't try the soup, Banya might show up. :) And by Banya, I mean me.Had an excellent dinner here. The food was was fantastic and the service was excellent. We did the Chefs tasting menu and enjoyed every dish.  I would definitely not miss this restaurant and would go when I am in Philly next. 
I guess the only complaint would be the slight feeling of being upcharged if you want higher end dishes or wine. They should have it stated on the menu so it takes pressure off of the dinner party I decide as u order from the waiter.Lamb Shooters....delicious! Cheese platter....delicious! Pulled pork sandwich....delicious! Thats just a portion of the tapas we stuff ourselves with....nothing let us down! Such a beautiful restaurant from top to bottom. You get what you pay for....prepare to pay alot but also prepare to be blown away.Amazing. Tinto is a great restaurant to get an assortment of amazing dishes (at a cost though). 
Here's what we ordered: 
Mushrooms: Amazing
Scallops: Amazing
Short Rib: Amazing
Fries: Very Good
Meatballs; Good
Octopus: OK
Mussels: Meh
(i forgot what else......)
If you are going to tinto, it's great to go with a group of people (4-6). This way you can order a good amount of tapas and enjoy all the different tastes and flavors. The service is incredible. The servers do a great job to get out all of your food in avery timely matter without wait. 
Happy hour specials at the bar, have a pretty decent drink menu. It's a good idea to come here for some happy hour drinks before your meal.Great food, lively atmosphere. Been a few times for dinner, but haven't been able to make it to the happy hour (5-7pm, $5 tapas). Tinto also participates in restaurant week, and I thought it was one of the few places worth going to for RW.
The Jamon iberico, pork belly, and duck were great. I'd recommend the brussel sprouts or the mushrooms over the patatas. I thought the pulpo was okay.
Good choice for a solid dinner. They are pretty good at accommodating groups.Some co workers and I had dinner at Tinto recently and I must say, I loved it!  Kind of a crappy day outside but dinner here was worth the soaking rain.  I like to try new, different things so going here with like minded people is kind of important.  Let's see, we had the Duck brochettes (Bangin!) Kobe beef, awesome. Mussels were very good, loved the smoky chorizo, scallops were out of this world.  The wild mushrooms were OK, the pork loin was fantastic, could have had all of that!  The organic chicken was simply put, plain.
All in all a great dinner, will have to bring my wife for this one!If you've read any of my other reviews, you know that I work for a non-profit and don't have a ton of expendable income: enter, my friends who make tons more money than me! One such friend was in town for the weekend and I decided to make him take me to Tinto, a place I've been wanting to try for a long time but haven't been able to because, well, I have to pay bills and a girl needs running water...right? Anyway, neither of us were disappointed. Here's why (duh.). 
Great decor and ambiance - I wasn't on a date, but this is clearly a restaurant that would help you make a good impression on a significant other. We had a reservation but did have to wait for a bit, which was fine because it gave us a chance to have a drink at the bar. Nice bar, good drinks, no complaints. We were seated soon enough, and I have to say, our table was my only negative of the night. We were down in the  basement, which depending on how you look at it, is either really romantic and cozy, or kind of feels like the place where you put the social rejects or red-headed stepchildren guests. You definitely miss out on some of the ambiance and vibe, which sucks when you're at a nice place. We were also literally right next to the storage closet and were basically sharing a table with the couple next to us. Luckily  we were four nice people so it was okay, but it really could have taken a turn for the "incredibly awkward" at points if we were mean and/or socially inept. 
Okay, on to the food. Clearly, when I'm at a restaurant, I eat a lot, and when I'm not paying, I eat even more. So, here's what we had (no exaggeration, and don't judge me): Manchego cheese, arugala salad, olives, black cod, lamb skewers, Kobe beef, crispy potatoes, wild mushrooms. I think that's it. Tinto is small plates, so I swear, it wasn't as bad as it sounds right there. Anyway, everything was pretty incredible. The potatoes and mushrooms were insane, and my friend, who's actually in the meat business (no, really), said the beef and lamb were both delicious. As a vegetarian, I really didn't feel limited by the menu, which is also always a plus. Sadly for my taste buds, we didn't get dessert, but I'm sure my BMI appreciated that gesture. 
The service was on-point and our waiter patiently answered all of my friend's questions about meat without punching him in the face. I would absolutely go back but would request to sit on the main floor. Jose Garces, I'd like to buy you a shot. Or four. You win this round.Tinto
114 S 20th St, Philadelphia, PA 19103 (215) 665-9150
While it is normally my want to display a photo of the outside of the building, this photo says everything I want to say about Tinto: sophisticated, intimate, Basque, cozy and sultry. Basque of course refers to the region of North Central Spain that straddles the area between north central Spain and south western France.  This tapas restaurant serves to reflect this fusion and Chef Jose Garces certainly does a marvelous job fusing all the best of France and Spain.  Coincidentally, Tinto is Spanish for "stained" and "red" as in red wine, so the hundreds of bottles of wine throughout the restaurant is of course no surprise.
The restaurant is an intimate setting with an open style kitchen (see back of this photo) with a luxurious bar with small rectangular wooden shelves lined with hundreds of wine bottles. It is lit with gorgeous incandescent lighting which casts a golden glow over everything--the perfect date spot.
Without further adieu, allow me to present the culinary masterpiece that is Tinto.
Since this blog is titled, Fine Food, Good Drinks, I can't help but mention the sangria I chose to accompany my meal. Sangria is a typical beverage from Spain and Portugal. It normally consists of wine, chopped fruit, a sweetener, and a small amount of added brandy. Chopped fruit can include orange, lemon, lime, apple, peach, melon, berries, pineapple, grape, kiwifruit and mango. A sweetener such as honey, sugar, syrup, or orange juice is added.
Pintxos: OLIVES House Marinated Mixed Olives.  Pintxos appears at the top of the Tinto menu, and I learned it was the Spanish word for "tapas".  The marinated olives were delicious and arguably one of the best dishes of the evening.  With so many to choose from there was not a clear winner in my book, however.
ALMONDS: House Smoked Marcona Almonds. Someone call the fire department because these almonds were smokin'. Well, not literally, but they were smoked and the flavorful sea salt, almonds and wooden smokey taste made this appetizer a delight to the palate. Marcona almonds, the "Queen of Almonds," are imported from Spain. Marcona almonds are prized for being more tender, sweet, and delicate than regular almonds, with a nice buttery flavor that is due to their high oil and moisture content.
GAZPACHO Goat Cheese Mousse, Strawberry, Rhubarb, Crispy Serrano. Jamón serrano is a type of jamón (dry-cured Spanish ham), which is generally served in thin slices, or occasionally diced.  Gazpacho is a chilled soup and this particular variety was fruity, summery tasting, sweet and creamy due to the goat cheese.  The Serrano ham was a nice accouterment with the salty cured meat balancing the sweetness of the fruit and cheese.  The rhubarb was an interesting addition to the dish, as I have never had a gazpacho served with it before. Rhubarb is a perennial vegetable, though it is generally used as a fruit in desserts and jams. You only eat the stalks, which have a rich tart flavor.
ARUGULA Serrano Ham, Mission Figs, Fried Goat Cheese, Spiced Almonds, Sevilla Orange Vinaigrette.  Probably the most interesting addition to the arugula salad here was the addition of the balls of fried goat cheese.  Absolutely delicious.  The Orange vinaigrette wasn't half bad either. Certainly cleaned the plate here.
DIVER SCALLOPS Quince, Uni Emulsion, Parsnip, Crispy Serrano.  You can see the little chunks of serrano ham mixed in with the greens.  The little yellow chunks are the quince, a yellow fruit similar to the apple. Quince is a small deciduous tree that bears a pome fruit, similar in appearance to a pear, and bright golden-yellow when mature.  The scallops can be dipped in the vanilla parsnip puree- which was amazingly creamy and sweet. 
ORGANIC CHICKEN Brussels Sprouts, Chorizo, Fingerling Potatoes, Herb Jus.  The chicken was fantastic, tender, sweet, loved the brussel sprouts.  The herb jus was rich and sweet. 
Postre (Dessert): Gateau Basque. Almond Cake, Vanilla Cream, Cherry Fig Jam, Pedro Ximenez Ice Cream.  The most interesting part of this delicious dessert was the Pedro Ximenez (sherry) flavored ice cream.  I would attest, the entire dessert could have been a giant bowel of the ice cream because that was by far the best portion of this dessert.Regarding the food:  husband loved this place and I really liked it. Regarding the service it was amazing! Our server was fantastic. We had several different food restrictions and our server accommodated us and did so without a whiff of judgement. I really appreciated it. For vegans there are options - the mushroom dish was fantastic and my husband loved the bean dish. He also loved all the seafood dishes and has already suggested to go there again. My brother agreed and said all the meat dishes were great (even better than Vernik, and I consider saying that sacrilege). I would go again if suggested but wouldn't pick it myself. Again, that waiter was fantastic, if I can find his name I'll post it, he deserves some props!Excellent atmosphere and service.  Each plate was outstanding.  Try the lobster dish it burst with flavor but not overbearing.  Also the rice dish is soooo good.  
Great for a romantic night with your favorite person or cool place for friends.Went last night after working brunch and shopping. Had the arugula salad and then the mussels and had the picos (fruit forward red) all were absolutely delightful. Service was just right and of course, the atmosphere is beautiful.Its a Tapas place. Their plates might be small, but the food tastes amazing. The lamb is a must try. I love the Duck, Sea Bass, figs as well.To echo many other reviewers here, the food is fantastic, yet pricey. 
However, I was disappointed in three things: the wine list, wine service and the atmosphere.
Wine list: While there are some great bottles here (with triple-digit prices) there is hardly any depth in the lower price range ($35-60). The wines offered in this range were not only light in number but also in flavor and authenticity. This is unacceptable - especially at a Spanish wine bar. Not only do values abound from lesser known wine regions (Montsant, La Mancha, Priorat...), but simple, modestly-priced wine should be the cornerstone of any authentic Spanish wine bar. It's absence makes diners feel like donors to a Philadelphia revitalization fund - the fancy new restaurant may be good for business, but it is not faithful to it's culinary roots
Wine service: If a restaurant aims to maintain a top-flight wine list (with top-flight prices) the knowledge of the wait staff must keep pace. We were confidently informed that a fruit-forward wine matured exclusively in stainless-steel represented traditional Spanish wine-making. Figuring we'd go along with it, we ended up with a juicy red a la Australian Shiraz. Basic wine-fundamentals should be a key piece of the training for wait-staff at any type of wine bar.
Atmosphere: My beef with the atmosphere mirrors the above description of the wine list. I felt a bit like I was at the Cheesecake Factory when the waitress "upsold" us. It's really not necessary to tell guests how many tapas they are supposed to order - our stomachs can do the math.
All in all - the food is fantastic, but the overall experience served the heighten my longing for the tapas bars of Madrid.Very disappointing menu, food way below average! I've been to tapas bars in Madrid, Barcelona, malaga and Marbella, as well as othe locations in the US and overseas. This has to be the worst. Lamb is tasteless, duck tastes terrible, complimentary air holes, as well as watered down sangria. Wouldn't recommend it to my worst ennemy! Stay away, save yourself a few bucks!!!Went for brunch today and was shocked over the incredible value to only be further knocked over by the amazing food!   I kept thinking we were misunderstanding the deal until the bill came and it really was $25.00/per person and included a drink, coffee, amazing bread for the table, a smaller plate and larger plate option.      We will be back every Sunday until we run through all the food options.  Yummy!The thing that many people don't realize is that Tinto is really vegetarian-friendly. If you're a meat eater and reading, fear not. There is much meaty goodness to be had.
If you're not then you will still eat well. We found the cheese platter and arugula salad great places to start, and patatas riojanas are a must have, as are the wild mushrooms. Don't forget the green beans, which are a totally different experience.
The price, given the food, is a little high, and you will struggle to dine for less than $50/person including a glass of wine. But this is Rittenhouse, so you have to suck it up.
There is also a chef's menu, available in meat or vegetarian forms which I would love to try some time. It's priced at $55 or $75, presumably depending on how many courses you would like.Spanish wines are delicious, but the mark up is preposterous.  Food is worthy, but pricey, and i feel as though Garces is trying to be Starr, and i don't want them to be so samey.  Tinto has great atmosphere, much like its brother next door.  Also, the staff is commendable.  Our waitress picked an *amazing wine* when given a pricepoint (moderately generous for the menu prices), and a flavor preference.  She was also patient and attentive as people arrived at various times.  
The gazpacho was divine.  The meat and cheese plates were nice (though expensive for the portion sizes and types).  While i want to love it, in a climate like today, i feel taken advantage of.  While Garces certainly has beaten out Starr by moving away from "Appleby's" to something a more sophisticated palate can appreciate, i wish he would remain conscious of the mainstream Philly budget so we all could enjoy.To celebrate the wife's completion of her doctoral program, we took a bunch of our friends out to dinner at Tinto. Because of our party's size, we booked the private room, which comfortably seats 20 away from the hustle and bustle of the main seating area, upstairs on the restaurants second floor. 
We had to pre-order our food from a few different prix fixe meal options. We chose a four-stage meal, with each stage consisting of multiple courses served family-style; our particular menu option was called "Bilbao". The food was uniformly delicious, with ample (but not ridiculous) portions. The two highlights for me were the patatas riojanas (a kind of spicy potato dish) and the paella bellota, the latter of which is worthy of a few words. The paella contained braised pork, pork belly, and chorizo--for anyone who likes pork, it was the perfect main course. There was a bit leftover, which I took home and pounded for lunch the next week. 
The service was attentive, efficient, friendly, and unobtrusive. Mike was our head server, and he made sure that our pitchers of sangria were always full and fresh, and that bottles of house wine were always available. The price is a bit high, but the ambience, the food quality, and the level of service all are worth it. We hope to return, perhaps with a smaller group to have the normal restaurant experience sometime soon.I had a good first impression of Tinto. The restaurant is beautiful and has a modern décor. The walls are all lined with bottles of wine and the restaurant is dimly lit to create a romantic atmosphere. However, I came with a party of 10 and the dinning area didn't have a table large enough. They have a private room upstairs where we ate, but it greatly lacked the ambience. 
We didn't indulge in any bottles of wines, instead opted for Sangria. It was fine. I think I would have enjoyed a glass of red with Spanish tapas. The food was hit or miss. I really enjoyed the Lamb which is a MUST GET. The Crab Montadito and Short Rib were also very good. 
However, Kobe Beef and Muscles I could have done without. The worst part of our experience was the service. Our waiter was an A$$. Literally had an attitude about everything. We had a couple of simple request and for each one he seemed annoyed. For a party of 10 and a guaranteed good tip be accommodating!!  
I would definitely come back to give it another try. Probably next time with a date so I can eat in the main room and enjoy some red. Hopefully we don't get the same waiter.This tappas bar is pretty nice, but a little over priced.  The food is probably the best I've had at a tappas bar.  I'd try it again, but now that I expect the prices to be higher than a typical tappas place, I might be able to enjoy it more.I've been to Tinto about once a year for the last three years. The first time I came for a business Christmas party downstairs in the private dining room. I drank about 8 bourbon and gingerales (at about $10 a pop) on the company tab so I was ready to eat!
The vendor got the tasting menu for about 30 people and it was excellent. The food kept coming and I left the restuarant very pleased. 
I didn't enjoy Tinto nearly as much the second time. I came by myself on a weeknight and got the tasting menu again. I think it was in the fall like my first visit, but the chef's selections did not please me as much. Maybe I didn't drink enough bourbon this go round?? I left very full but not completely satisfied having spent about $85.
The third time I came with my girlfriend, her dad and his wife. He is very into "European" style tapas restuarants so I figured Tinto had to be top of the list. He was very out of the loop with the Philly restuarant scene and hasn't experienced Philly food in about 15 years. When I told him where we were going he said  something about an old restuarant he went to 20 years ago and how he was dissapointed. I told him that those days were over and Philly is making a name for itself now.
We started with a few pitchers of Sangria (Garces' makes the best) and he ordered the tasting menu for all of us. The food was excellent and it kept coming. I left very full, drunk, and satisfied. I think everyone at the table was feeling the same way as me. 
I like Tinto alot., but not as much as Amada. Check it out and decide for yourself. You wont regret it!I got the tasting menu which offered a salami plate, green beans and toasted almonds in an olive oil base, cheese plate, spicy fries with mussels, pork belly pintxo (probably the best I tried that night), homemade sausage, seabass (I think it was seabass) with clams, a yummy chocoate mousse dessert and also a cream tart dessert. Very good overall, and the cocktails were delicious as well - there was a grapefruit drink that was refreshing. Riojas were great as well.I tried this place 3 years ago for Philly restaurant week. It was a lovely experience. 
Decided to come here again for my birthday dinner and Tinto didn't disappoint me as me and my friends had a great time here - nice ambience, great service, incredible food with wide selection of wines. 
It is a tapa place and with a group of 6, we tried pretty much everything that's on the menu. I couldn't really decide which dish is my favorite - the overall quality is very consistent. As a whole, nothing overpowers the other yet each has their own unique flavor.In town for business and went to Tinto during Restaurant Week because of Yelp reviews and an intriguing pre fixe menu for the week. Three people, one from NYC, one from Boston and another who has lived in LA and Boston. By the end of the meal, the question was "Top 10 meal of Top 5?" 
As a table, we sampled 13 different dishes and sent every plate back cleaner than when it came out of the dishwasher.
Standouts included spiced meatballs with a perfectly poached egg that turned the sauce into a silky masterpiece, patatas asturnianas that were Spain's answer to fine dining tater tots, and little discs of octopus that were soft and luscious with one side seared to perfection. 
The wine pairing was astute as well, and our server, Geoffrey, couldn't have been more pleasant or present at just the right times.
I've been a Yelp user for years. This was the place that got me signed up to review. I don't know the next time I'll be back in Philly, but it will include a trip to Tinto.Great food! I Really enjoy small plates.  The charcuterie and cheese were incredibly tasty. The chef chose a combination that worked well together. I particularly enjoied the quince jam/ paste with the bleu cheese.  The egg salad served with the mixto plate was a great and unexpected accompaniment.  It paired quite well with the meats and cheeses.  
The pulpo, or Spanish octopus, with confit potatoes was stellar.  It came with a foam on top and lemon powder.  The powder was in place of a traditional lemon.  I liked the creativeness and felt that it served as the perfect citrus ingredient to balance pout the dish.
The seabass and cockles with salsa Verde was outstanding.
For one who doesn't enjoy pork loin this dish was a most fabulous surprise. The pork was tender and juicy and the Pedro Ximenez sauce complimented it well.
Our final savory dish was the garlic sausage over lentils. This was just fantastic, especially before the glorious dessert. 
The only dish that I would not order again was the serano ham wrapped figs, they were mediocre. 
The dessert, a flourless chocolate cake with caramelized bananas, was not only the perfect ending, but a mouthwatering dessert I'm still salivating for. I can't wait for my next visit.Had a dinner for my wife's birthday at Tinto after a recommendation from friends. The restaurant was super accommodating since we were over an hour late for our reservation. We had a meat and cheese plate, seared scallops, octopus, Brussell sprouts and the waygu New York strip steak. All of the food was top notch, the wine (virtually all Spanish) was very good, and the service good.  It is very small (difficult if not impossible to stand at the bar), a little noisy, and not inexpensive.My wife and I went to Tinto to celebrate our 10 year anniversary.  We ordered the chef's tasting with the wine pairing and everything was great.  My wife mentioned we were coming for our anniversary when she made the reservation and we were greeted with champagne upon being seated.  It was a nice touch.
Our waiter was attentive and seemed to time everything just right.  It was a great meal and a great experience!Disappointed. 
I had been waiting to dine here for a very long time. And when I did, I left dissatisfied and disappointed. 
Dishes are tiny, over-developed and overly-complex, especially for something that is usually delicious because of its simplicity. 
Decor and service were good, but the food was simply not very good, especially at the prices being charged for them. Will not be coming back.I was disappointed by my visit, since I really like the other Jose Garces restaurants.  
My friend and I were seated downstairs, which I think is supposed to be cozy, but was actually too close for comfort.   I was literally 2 feet from the person at the next table, and my friend was facing my neighbor's friend.  It was if all 4 of us were eating at the same table.
That aside, the food wasn't all that either.  I think the concept of the dishes were great, but the execution was lacking.  Out of 4-5 dishes, I think I only truly liked one.  Also, everything was a bit on the salty side.
The one consolation is that they had good cocktails, so I might return to just the bar since it seemed pretty cool to hang out there.One of the best meals we've had in the city. We went with our server's recommendations and were very happy: pulpo, albondigas, short rib, pork belly. We'll be back.It is famous restaurant with good food. If you come to Philly, this is kind of must. Great placeI was disappointed. I had wanted to go to Tinto for awhile because of the wine bar feel and (of course) because of Jose Garces.  It just did not impress me.  I wouldn't put it in the top 10 restaurants in the city. I prefer Chifa and Distrito over Tinto.nice place, but always busy..good experience, if you don't mind the waitTraveling through Philadelphia, I met up with several friends for dinner at Tinto.
I had no expectations but was informed that the eclectic menu was memorable. 
Upon entry from the very cold to the interior, I anticipated a good dining experience.
We were immediately greeted by a young and exceptionally personable and courteous hostess.
Despite the fact she is situated to get blasted by the cold every time the door opened, she was all smiles.
As a party of 5, waiting on a reservation would not have been unusual. 
However, we were led without delay to our table, a large high top viewing the open kitchen.
Seating is comfortable in a simple but elegant decor of gently lighted brick and wood lattice.
Our server was fabulous.
Intent on being present when needed and maintaining a very professional but friendly demeanor.
The food is a melange of tapas dishes, each showcasing culinary style, finesse and cleverness paired with variously featured proteins and delicacies. 
As a party of 5, Tapas is a bit complicated because dishes are tailored more to the individual patron instead of family- style sharing.
But, we were accommodated by increased serving sizes.
Food ranged from good to exceptional.
Cheese bread was ok, the dipping sauce punched it up a notch.
Platter of sliced meats was nothing above ordinary, but tasty. 
Then the more exotic plates arrived: lamb sausage lollipops, prawns, mussels, tuna tartare. 
The food flavors and preparations escalated.
And, presentation was dramatic. 
Summarizing the meal, it was a vertical crescendo that peaked at dessert with a phenomenal hazelnut napoleon-style tart with sliced pears.
I don't drink, but my friends found the wine list to be exceptional and enjoyed a bottle (or 2). 
The check was not cheap.
In defense of the restaurant, we ordered a lot of food.
However, the reason we ordered 2-3 x each dish is that plates are sized for 1-2 people, not 5.
But, there are numerous large tables.
My only criticism of the dining experience is that it must be costly unless each person orders only for themselves individually.
We exited as the restaurant was preparing to shut the kitchen.
Notably, the hostess was still at the front door and remained as cheerfully cordial on the way out as when we came in.
Overall, great food; terrific service; pleasant decor. 
Could only be improved if the menu had large-party options.
There's no 1/2 stars on Yelp.
Four stars is insufficient, five stars are just a bit too much. I award 4 1/2 stars for this wonderful establishment.Is it really a battle between Amada and Tinto for the best tapas in Philly when both restaurants are owned by Jose Garces?  Interestingly enough, my experience at Tinto was quite different from that at Amada and Chifa.  Not only did I appreciate the chef's lack of obsession with salt, I thoroughly enjoyed the wine selection and its location (gelato shop is right across the street if you still have room for dessert).  Among the best I've tried on the menu: the bocadillos (especially the short ribs), the chicken with garbanzon puree (served in a shot glass), the pork belly with shaved apples, truffled chestnut soup (although can be a tad creamy), and its seasonal gazpacho (with just a right amount of spicyness and 'kick').   [TIP: if you make a reservation, try to request one of their booths/tables with regular-height seats.  It can get quite inconvenient to sit and eat at a bar-level.]
-pinkposyWOW WOW WOW! I was taken to Tinto for my birthday and it was a fab experience. Our waiter was knowledgable and informed us about everything on the menu. At first, I thought he was going to pressure us into trying everything on the menu but he gave us great suggestions and did not steer us wrong. We had the Arugula salad, duck, lamb, crab, short rib, prawns... probably more. We also tried a bottle of white wine ($60) recommended by our waiter. SO GOOD! The bottle gave the four of us about 2 glasses which was great! The waiter gave me a free white sangria for my birthday as well as 2 glasses of champagne (as it was a mixup for another table), nonetheless, we drank everything! 
Had a fabulous time, however we sat RIGHT next to the kitchen which changed the ambiance a bit. Love this place!Was here for Restaurant Week and it was a lot of fun to share a bunch of dishes with a few friends.  I enjoyed some dishes more than others, but that's more about what suits my palate -- the execution was consistently very good to great.  Chicken was flavourful and succulent. 
Can be rather pricey off the normal menu, but it's definitely worth a try if you can afford it / you can splurge / it's RW.Since everyone had been telling me what a great restaurant Tinto was, I decided to bring my family who were visiting from Asia, and what better than Tapas since it is quite similiar to Asian dining.
At first, the atmosphere was great, and then the hostess took us to the dodgy end, down the stairs where there was no music playing and we had the view of the bathroom.
Then, the food slowly came in... and to my dismay, the food was atrocious, way too salty and drizzled with too much sauce for my taste.  Though it was only after dinner that my family decided to tell me that they paid too much for food that was not that great.
We all agreed that the only thing that was good on the menu was the wine list and the duck.Meh. After dining at Amada (owned by the same people) tapas anywhere else are just mediocre. Cool atmosphere nice place for small groups or just one other dining partner - not the place for groups. Though the downstairs was kinda cool and maybe nice for a few people. Everything was OK, not worth the hefty price. If you want to do the luxury-tapas-awesomeness-treat-extravaganza pass this place for Amada.Thank you Jose!  My first foray into tapas was a delicious one, and I will be back.  When I'm at eating at lesser establishments, I think back to several of these small plates.
Good(s): 
Shortrib Bocadillo - Very very good shortrib (my favorite protein so I always get it).  Not quite perfect but satisfying nonetheless.
Duck Canape - A+.  The cherry lingers on your palate and makes the dish work.
Truffled chestnut soup - Leaving the runny egg yolk for the last bite was a wise choice on my part.  The unique flavor and porridge-y texture were wonderful.
Arugula salad - The favorite of the Mrs.  An ideal pairing of ingredients.
Bad(s):
Grilled Octopus - Rolled in salt before being grilled.  Lemon powder didn't work for me either.
Organic Chicken - Brussel sprouts were great, the mashed potatoes were fine, but the chicken wasn't anything special.It was awesome to enjoy happy hour and then shift over to dining area. Top of my lists to revisit!Really really good. Came here with a large group for a delicious tapas meal. Food came out hard and fast and the private room in which we were in was perfect for allowing us privacy to be as boisterous as we wanted! I would definitely recommend for a private event. Everything was quite good, but believe it or not, the Bomba Rice was seriously da bomba. Definitely recommended!Run don't walk here! I say that because you will need the workout . I had the tasting menu fit to my vegetarian needs along with the wine pairing and It was one of the best dinners I have ever had in Philadelphila. I believe the tasting menu was $55 a person (you can tweak it for any dietary needs), wine pairing was $ 33 a person which included 4 four oz pours. They kept bringing out plate after plate .....I wasn't sure when it would end but grateful it went on till I was so full I basically fell asleep at the table.When can I get back to Philly?!? This place is great. Try the chef's selection with the wine pairings, but come hungry because it is a lot of food. It's one of the best pairings I've had and you actually leave feeling full, instead of wanting to go through the drive-through on the way home.Be prepared to leave hungry unless you spend your entire rent check for the month.
The atmosphere was nice and food tasted good but nothing to write home about.  Service was a bit on the slower side and our waiter seemed to know each dish but did not offer any recommendations.  Usually when we ask our waiter for recommendations, especially on first visits, they will tell us a dish that will bring us back.  All he said was "People seem to like this and this and this..."  At the end of the meal our bill was approximately $150 for 3 of us and we all left extremely hungry.  The pork entre consisted of about 10 one inch by one inch pieces with a sauce on it and green onion underneath.  This was $18.  My girlfriend ordered some bocadillos that came on a slice of bread and a small (1 inch by 3 inch) piece of pork.  She got 2 of these for $12.  We ordered other items as well, but at the end of the meal I felt insulted at the price to food quantity.  When I read "entre" I think it is large enough for a meal.  We were told this is "family style" where you all share the food from each plate...sure...  After we left, we went to dunkin donuts across the street and spent 5 dollars and got 10 times the food.  
Like I said, the food was good but beware if you decide to go here.  Your plates will be MUCH smaller than you anticipate.  Eat before going.Wife and I went here for our Anniversary last night. We were a bit overwhelmed by the menu, in a good way, so we decided to leave it up to the chef and went for the deluxe tasting and wine menu. The charcuterie and cheeses to start were fantastic, the house-made chips and paprika cream were light and delectable, and the white wine pairing was good. The shortrib mini sandwiches were also incredible - a true testament to good texture and flavor combinations. The lamb loin skewers were a bit greasy though, and from there on the tapas went a bit downhill. The wines switched to reds that were waaayyyy to dry for my tastes. I liked the turbot, but only the parts that were browned well - other areas of the fish that weren't didn't hold up well enough to the citrus sauce. There may have been another dish in there, but the desserts served to us were the basque cake (light and tasty) and the chocolate cake (dense and rich, good in an only-in-small bites way). I'm never one for dessert, but it was a better way to finish the meal.
With the start being so good and the ending kinda meh, with the super dry wines, I can only offer a 3-star review. I liked the atmosphere, though we were seated upstairs near the open kitchen in raised seats and somewhat small tables; I would have prefered the regular dining room. And the service was incredibly nice, and attentive. Even when my knife and fork were clean, they were still replaced for every course.
I would go back, but next time I'd pick the courses I know I'll like.Came here for restaurant week! Reasonable wait for the normal RW crowd. We got the chorizo, idiabazal cheese, shrimp, pork belly, duck, and octopus. Everything was awesome except the pork belly was 99% fat.My partner and I were really excited to try Tinto as we had heard nothing but amazing reviews about their wine selection and tapas. We arrived at happy hour and were interested in perusing the menu unsure if we would stay for dinner. Within 15 minutes, it was obvious that not only were we not staying for dinner, we would never be returning.
We sat waiting for service for 15 minutes. There were only three other people at the bar and they had already been served. There were two bartenders behind the bar doing nothing except ignoring us as we sat directly in front of them. They left the bar and stood next to each other talking, people watching as the rain fell down outside the big front pane window. Waiters walked past our table without a glance. I quite loudly asked if I could borrow a menu from one of the three patrons to see if we would receive any recognition. We were still ignored for another 10 minutes. Eventually, a man came to us, greeted us, and asked if he could bring us a drink.
As the evening continued and patrons began to fill the bar, I noticed that out of all the staff and patrons, we were the only people of color in the entire restaurant. While I would never go insofar as to ever accuse an establishment of racism without having heard it directly from the owner/manager themselves, I definitely felt out of place after being ignored for so long.
While the bocadillos were tasty, I can get bite-sized snacks elsewhere with much better service. For such a celebrated chef, I really expected more. To be completely ignored for such an extended amount of time is reprehensible of a restaurant especially of this caliber. I will never return again.I went with a girlfriend of mine for Friday night dinner and we had such a great experience! David was our server and he took great care of us! 
I had asked for a wine suggestion that was more cost effective and he suggested a fantastic red wine for us that we both loved. 
The highlights to our tapas were the duck canapes - so tender and delicious! The crab with avocado, they load up the crab meat on this one! And for desert we had olive oil icecream with this cream cheese cake which was delicious! I would go back just to have the dessert lol
Overall our server David was fantastic and the food and wine was amazing!Absolutely delicious! Beautiful restaurant with an amazing staff, interesting food and great (fancy) vibe. Emilia our waiter was awesome. 
Had the chestnut soup. Get it. It's the best soup I've  ever had.I'm really torn on how many stars to give this one.  On one hand, some of the dishes we had were AMAZING (black cod!) while others fell a bit short on my expectations.  There was nothing particularly bad, but I've come to expect a lot from Jose and several dishes were just a bit too subtle for my taste.
The stars of the meal for me?  The bottle of wine (moderately priced at $38), the black cod - worthy of a second mention, the artichokes, the beef/lobster skewers and the shortrib sandwich were all delightful.  We also tried the duck confit and pork belly, but I think the fact that they were served as canapes (aka on a piece of crusty bread) kind of killed it for me.  The flavors were too muted, but that may be because I was several drinks in at that point.  I was really looking forward to the revuelto de congrejo, crab with bacon, but again it didn't change my life.  The dish was loaded with peas, which kind of reminded me of tuna noodle casserole.  I hate tuna noodle casserole.  Sorry Jose, but you let me down on that one.
Overall it was a good meal, which may have been improved if the more subtle dishes came out first.  The more dynamic/bold flavors of the dishes I loved overshadowed the other simpler ones.  Amada is still my first love, so next time I want Spanish tapas I'll head there instead.  Tinto is worthy of a visit though if you're looking for more of an emphasis on the wine.