This place is new, and quaint. 
The coffee is superb, and well-made. Each cup is make from it's own grind and french press.
Don't go here full, the food is equally good.. I got the poached eggs on toast (YUM).
This location is near everything, and a short walk to Midtown Village or the Gayborhood for shopping after.
Very cool vibe here, quick, friendly service. This place deserves your attention.Very slow service. Took about 50 minutes to get our toast . Food was ok .not worth the aaitI am in love with this gem! If you are craving a healthy and colorful eggs Benedict this is the place to go. The plate was just beautifully set up with fresh food. The staff is also very friendly and happy which is always so nice at a restaurant. A+This is my boyfriend's favorite brunch spot. We've gone now quite a few times and it's fantastic each time. Basic foods, nothing too fancy, but everything is SO fresh. The cappuccino is perfect, and I highly recommend the hummus wrap. It's also a great place to get some work done. The staff doesn't rush you out, it has a very lounge-y feel. They also do pick up orders, which seems popular with neighborhood residents.Stopped in prior to a noon meeting for semi-breakfast.  I had poached eggs on English with salad and mushrooms, my wife had sausage on English.  I also had coffee.  My coffee was cool, not sure about refills so I didn't ask for and wasn't offered one.  Meal took longer than expected, but I think the tiny kitchen had only one worker and there was a 2-top order just before ours went in.  However, we got done in time to make our meeting.
People, plates and cups need to be warmed in the winter prior to having food loaded onto or in them.  Stuff got cold quickly.  My eggs were very good, although they didn't taste much like eggs.  Rest of the plate was also pretty good, except that the salad was cut in a way that it was hard to eat neatly.  Mushrooms were also very good, but likely canned.
My big gripe is that I like to mop up soft-cooked eggs so I don't waste any yolk, which to me is the reason to eat eggs.  However, no toast.  I suppose I might have ordered some, but didn't want to wait until it was done to start eating.  OK, so next time I will know.Replacing YOLO Cafe, Toast has an eclectic blend of loose leaf teas & coffee, delicious "egg toasts" (poached eggs on top of homemade english muffins), sandwiches and other homemade goodies. *Try the egg toast with warm apples, white cheddar cheese, sausage and dijonnaise! AMAZING.
I'm so impressed by their revamping of this place, the interior is cozy, clean and perfect for brunch with friends or studying on a Thursday afternoon. The baristas are helpful, friendly and warm. I will be coming here on a weekly basis. 
Cheers to Toast!Went here for breakfast and coffee. The breakfast looked better than it tasted but the cappuccino was a great one. The service was a little slow and there was only 2 people working. I would try again!I absolutely LOVE this place. The food is always so light & fresh, I feel like I'm eating cleaner foods. The menu is quite customizable and easy to navigate. If/when I return to PA I will be visiting here again. Cute, simple breakfast joint.Went there for the first time today. Nice location, nothing special. We ordered and while waiting for the food the employee came to us and told us they were out of couple things so we had to change the order. Bathroom was scary and no toilet paper.I had really high hopes for this place as a good study spot. When I arrived, the staff was friendly, the music was the perfect volume, and I found a cozy seat. I was impressed when the staff made the effort to bring drinks to the tables instead of just calling out names to pick up drinks at the counter.  Everything was great until the manager arrived. I can only imagine that years before her giant hipster glasses, she was the last picked for the kickball team at recess, and now she is compensating for that with her power as manager at Toast.
 She gathered her staff to berate them in front of all of the customers because of a bad Yelp review. Apparently, two people on Yelp found the staff to be less than par, which was completely different than my experience and most others that I've read. God forbid the cups aren't stacked in a perfect line, the tongs are not placed at a 37 degree angle from the muffins, a single coffee grind makes its way onto counter. Toast is a casual coffee shop, not a michelin star restaurant. Not only should this manager never speak to her staff the way that she did, but these conversations are not appropriate to have during working hours in front of customers. 
My experience with the staff and the food at Toast was great. The manager, on the other hand, should consider who is really at fault for driving out customers. In my case, it was her.Two words... Awful service! I walked in naturally there was someone in front of me ordering her food/ drinks so I was patient and obviously waited. 15-20 minutes passes still waiting... (Mind you they are not only ordering for the amount of time they were standing there however they were also laughing and giggling.)The women infront of me is now done with her order. Oh great finally now it's my turn so as I proceed to tell the girl behind the counter what I want she cuts me off to show the previous women something on her phone!? Service is everything to me and I was so frazzled I just walked out without anything. Needless to say I will never return. 
I also want to add that I've been here a handful of times each time I got bad service. Ive tried giving this place the benefit of the doubt before judging it.This is our go to for breakfast while visiting from out of town. The house coffee is delightful and I love the poached eggs with salmon. It's a filling breakfast without the guilt and good hours.this place upon walking in smelled like a pan of burnt bacon. it was overpowering. no exhaust? the staff was not so welcoming and seemed as though the couch area was their break room. eating, hanging out. there was even a mop bucket stored out in the open where customers could sit next to and eat by, if the couch wasn't taken up by employees that is. the cup of coffee was good. hours later my garments still smell like a 4 day old burnt cast iron skillet. blah.A perfectly pleasant coffee shop if you are getting off the Patco 12th and Locust stop. Inside it's very welcoming, with lots of pillows and tables.  I ordered a simple coffee and a sesame bagel with cream cheese. The bagel was perfectly toasted, the cream cheese serving generously slathered, and the coffee hot and flavorful.  Total cost was around $5 or $6, I think. Service was very friendly and helpful with some questions about the local area.
Give yourself permission to sit down and relax for a few minutes. Being on the corner, the big wide windows are perfect for people watching.One thing straight. The food is VERY good! Aside from that, this place has a few things to take care of. When you advertise as a brunch spot, you know that you are going to get crowds. In fact, expect crowds on a Saturday morning. We live a few doors down from Toast and we've been excited to go for some time now. We arrived around 10:50am and placed our orders. We received our food around 11:35am. That is quite long for some breakfast, just saying. We watched not ONE but THREE tables get up and leave because their food took an immense amount of time. It seemed that two were locals and the other 4 people were tourists and on a schedule. It was very awkward to see every table looking around to see why the food takes so long. I find it incredible that THREE tables left and a manager or someone pulls aside the waitress, reprimanding her. I feel that management is the issue here, not the waitresses. How would they control the time that the food takes? 
Anywho, food is great but service SUCKS! If you are looking for a quick brunch, stay away. If you have time to kill, definitely try this place out!Really yummy and fresh food! It was my first time there and I was not disappointed.  I got the veggie chili, hummus plate, and a side of fruit. My boyfriend ordered the classic grilled cheese and the creamy tomato soup that happened to be the soup of the day. I'm vegan and they had many vegan friendly options. 
While we were there eating, I overheard the waitress telling another table everything that they ran out of since they had and busy morning. Even though it sucks when a restaurant is out of what you want, you at least know everything is fresh and frequently ordered or made. Will definitely be returning here. Our waitress was a little slow... and forgot my water and fruit. Only negative!I feel bad leaving a bad review, but these reviews are so important when I'm looking to try somewhere new. Anyway, I got a bagel with hummus and avocado. Pretty basic order. I originally requested a bagel with Tofutti (non-dairy cream cheese) but they were out. So I went with hummus. The hummus had no flavor whatsoever. Like literally just chick peas in a food processor with olive oil. So salt, no spice, nothing. The bagel was terrible, too. Tasted like a frozen packaged bagel. Either that, or it was just old. In a city with sooo many great fresh bagels I don't get it. I would expect that in like a mall in Des Moines, maybe. Either way...I ended up tossing most of it. 
I will add, the woman at the counter was very nice and friendly!I've come here now a couple of times and I love this place. Coffee is good, service is quick and food is good. I got the lox Benedict before and it was delicious. Cute little place to go to on the weekends. We also didn't have much of a wait for coming on a Sunday which is kind of unheard of in Philly. I will definitely come back!Worst dining experience in Philadelphia.  Summary: Wait for table was double as advised, waited for food for over 45 minutes after ordering, food was below average - cold, stale bread, poor taste, when feedback was given about the service/wait time the staff was unreceptive and dismissive. 
Was in for brunch Sunday 2/21/16 at 11:15am - table of 4.  We were told 15 minute wait (even called ahead and was told the same - it's why we chose to eat here); we waited over 30 minutes to get seated.  The hostess was pleasant, but it was obvious she was not managing seatings/wait times appropriately. 
Once seated, we were informed of 5+ things on the menu of which the kitchen was 'out', and could not be ordered - for ex. home fries and chai tea.  As a breakfast place, I was particularly surprised about the home fries.  
We ordered as soon as we sat given we had ample time to look at the menu while waiting for a table. The server, Diana, was very pleasant.  She repeatedly had to deal with disgruntled patrons (after waiting longer than originally informed), informing them of a lack of items remaining on the menu, and watching as tables got up and left after an unacceptable amount of time waiting for their food.  We waited for over 45 minutes before receiving our food during which time multiple tables got up and walked out.  We only observed 7 plates of food being served during the 45+ minutes we waited for food.  We also observed a woman be seated and no one approached the table or requested her drink over for over 15 minutes; she also left after waiting without service. 
We were approached a few times while waiting for our food to refresh beverages, one of the times we were informed the kitchen is small, they do no 'prep' work prior to cooking orders as they are received, and the food would be 'worth it'. We would have left, but with so much time invested, thought many times our wait couldn't be much longer - had we known it would be over 45 minutes for food, we would have left. 
The food arrived and it was cold.  I don't even understand how this is possible give everyone was staring at the food window in hunger.  I ordered a mushroom benedict (think it's called mushroom toast there), and the 'homemade English Muffins' were stale.  The others in my party had pork toast, salmon sandwich (I think), and French toast.  I also tried the French toast which was tasteless...it was like eating chewy bread; no egg or spice flavor.  It was bad. 
After informing of the poor food, we got an 'I'm so sorry' and the plates were taken away. 
After the meal, we were offered 10% discount for our wait.  The restaurant also gives 10% off to students, so it wasn't much of a 'deal' given a student ID would have gotten us the same discount.  
At no time during our experience was there a sign of anyone assisting the kitchen or urgency to try and get customers served.  We recognize things go wrong, but when none of the employees seem to care about the inconvenience and lack of service to the customers, it's disappointing, at the least. 
Our party provided feedback after the meal.  3 out of 4 of us have extensive experience in restaurant service.  We explained the wait, asked why there was never any sense of urgency on behalf of the wait staff, poor food quality...  The response we received was 'we're a small kitchen'.  That's it.  They had nothing further.  It was apparent the staff (and I presume management) has no regard for the needs or expectations of customers.  
Worst dining experience I've ever had.  I would have felt horrible leaving the table without eating, but every table had every right to go.  Everything was unacceptable.HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE service!!!! (If you can even call it that) 
I had the misfortune of choosing this place for brunch  with a group of 5 friends on the October 19th. The experience started well enough. We were greeted politely at the door and shown to our seats. We placed our order of drinks and when they arrived (mostly coffee and tea) they arrive sans tea spoons. We asked or server for some and  she rolled her eyes at our request. 
We were kept waiting and had to get our spoons from another server. 
When the food arrived we were without any cutlery yet again! We asked two different servers for cutlery and it took over 5minutes for them to arrive. Needless to say the food was cold so I can't speak to the quality of it. One of my party was so upset he asked for the order to be cancelled. When asked how our meal was we informed the server we were unhappy. She bolted not interested in anything we had to say. When the bill came they failed to remove the canceled order, couldn't even get that right. We asked to speak to a manger and we were told there was not one on duty! We again expressed our unhappiness with the lady at the register as we paid for bill, she too could not care less. I would give this place ZERO stars if I could. TERRIBLE SERVICE!!!! DO NOT EAT HERE!!!!Toast is a comfortable and artistic environment with good food and very affordable prices. You can spend under $5 on a home made English muffin and coffee or go for a larger plate for under $15. My chia tea was brewed on site instead of from a mix (hooray!) and exceptionally creamy. My truffled egg sandwich was just the right portion and had fresh salad on the side with strawberries. They have huge windows that flood the space with light. The decor is cosy meets sculptural with mismatched pillows and modern artistic lighting. Our check came delightfully attached to a giant clothespin. It was early when I went, so there was not a crowd, but the staff was friendly, and fast.Toast has the potential to be amazing - the food was excellent as was the coffee, but the service is lacking.
Came here with two of my friends for brunch on a Sunday. We were seated immediately and though our host wasn't friendly, he wasn't rude either. I'm a hostess though and he could've done A LOT better. Anyway, my friends ordered lattes and I ordered a double shot of espresso. 
It took 20 minutes to receive our coffee..For food, sure, 20 minutes is fast, but just to receive our drinks?! Did I miss something? It wasn't even crowded, so I have no idea why it took that long. If it were crowded, I'd understand a little more. When we did get our food and drinks, everything was good, so no complaints there!
Friendlier wait-staff and better service would make this place 5-stars. Toast is cute and has great food, but don't be in a rush when you go!We came here with a groupon. Often places will put tons of limitations on what you can order with a groupon but the friendly waitress at Toast told us we could get anything on the menu, no constraints! Ive lived in Philly for a year and never had such great customer service from walking in till the time I left. The food was presented beautifully and was quite tasty(hamburger and the mushroom poached egg dishes are both great). The only downsides are that the AC didnt seem to be working and the service is a tad slow but I still highly recommend Toast.Went here on New Year's Day. Clearly understaffed as it took about 30 minutes to order and over an hour for our lukewarm food to arrive. No staff available, so I re-filled my own coffee, which was also lukewarm. As a result of inadequate ventilation, eyeglasses and windows started fogging. Then kitchen smoke permeated the room. They were oblivious to this and I urged them to open the door. I got very sweaty and dizzy, a sign of carbon monoxide. Hastily paid my bill and left.After visiting Toast 3 times now, I feel comfortable giving this review. The very first time I went I had delicious food- oatmeal with fruit, tea, and a breakfast sandwich bagel. It was all awesome and the service was good, and the place is pretty cute. That is the reason for the 1 star. However the next 2 times I visited were absolutely horrible. Both times we were served by the same teen girl is clearly clueless when it comes to service. She expected us to order immediately, and when we asked for a little time to decide, it took her over 15min to return. Not to mention that she was NEVER around when we needed a refill, condiment, etc. I had to get up and get my own things.
They were out of the things we wanted both times- the second time they were out of oatmeal, avocado, bacon, English muffins. literally everything I would want. I don't understand why they were even open if they were out of so many ingredients! I literally had to order a piece of dry toast. My boyfriend got a dry toast with an egg- the egg was extremely rubbery and dry and totally unseasoned. To top it off, the tea I was served was cold and they were out of cream to put in my boyfriend's coffee. It was laughable. 
However, the absolute worst thing about this place is you leave smelling strongly like burnt toast EVERY time. It's disgusting. How they are managing to burn the very thing that their restaurant is named after is beyond me. Needless to say I won't be returning.The new food items for dinner are amazing. I came here to study at the end of the day and watched it smoothly transition to a BYOB. Unique and healthy dinner choices in a laid back atmosphere. I'll definitely come back.The avocado chicken wrap was incredibly savory and at the right price point.  I hope to come back for a toast burger. The staff were all very friendly. Decor was welcoming and what you'd expect of a great brunch place. 5 stars :)I want to give this place more stars but it's so slow! The food is great but waiting more then one hour is not good. So if you go here for breakfast plan on being there till lunch. The good thing is you will save money on lunch.Batista's aren't very well informed about different coffee styles. Their coffee is okay. Didn't try the food.Not a big breakfast person but this place has changed my mind. Wasn't pleased with their coffee but had the poached eggs and smoked salmon and have decided breakfast is my new favorite meal after dessert. Hollandaise sauce? Perfection. Greens and fruits? Fresh and succulent. I never give my son juice because of added sugar, but at Toast, fresh squeeze ripe orange juice it is.  The only reason this didn't get 5 from me was because the latte tasted watered down and the service was a bit snotty. But barring that, Toast it is for any brunch occasion... I wonder if they do take out...I live close by and stopped into this place once--now I can't stop going! The atmosphere is cozy, the coffee is reasonably priced, and the food is tasty. What's not to love?
I especially like the poached egg plates and can't wait to bring some champagne and try out the fresh squeezed orange juice.I just happened to be walking down the street when I stumbled upon this little bistro. Upon entering and checking out the board, I was intrigued when I saw homemade chai. I love chai, but everyone can't get it right...hem, hem Starbucks. Anyhoo, my eye also caught on the spinach salad and the option to add smoked salmon...yum! Unfortunately, there was nothing "yum" about my order. First off, I requested my chai hot, but when the barista gave it to me, it was lukewarm. It also tasted less creamy and more spicy than I like. I then requested it over ice, hoping that would cut down on some of the spice; no such luck, so after about 6 sips, I threw it away....that was a waste of $4. Again I had high hopes for the salad, but I forgot cardinal rule #1 when ordering food to go: always check the food before you leave. My salad was FILLED with mounds of spinach, about 2 tomatoes, too salty salmon, barely any cheese, and noticeably absent were my red onions and apples. I think I'll keep walking the next time I am in town.The egg on an English muffin (their take on eggs Benedict) was fantastic. Service was quick and pleasant. They have multiple roasters providing their coffee and the barista knew how to make a good cup. They have a La Marzocco Strada for espresso and then you can choose between a Chemex, French Press, or Fetco for filter coffee. There was plenty of seating, it's well lot, and comfortable. Free wifi available.
Good stuff.I've been to Toast a few times and come across this problem: they don't let you modify items. They must have a prima donna cook who throws a fit and won't allow customers to make special orders, even when they have no one in the restaurant. I personally have dietary restrictions but they won't work with you at all. That's just bad customer service and I won't be going here anymore.Been here a few times and it's quickly becoming my favorite cafe in Philly. The truffled mushroom egg toast is phenomenal and home fries are top notch. The staff is friendly and accommodating, as well. Overall, it's an excellent addition to the gayborhood.Cluster. Complete and utter cluster. While we were waiting, no less than three other tables walked out in anger.
After a wait of almost an hour from point of order, our food arrived, and it was not hot at all. Sausage was warm, the kitchen staff couldn't be bothered to melt the cheese slice they placed on the muffin.First it was Odd Fellows and the only memorable quality was its name. 
Then it was YOLO (You Only Live Once) and it was just as bad and tasteless as its name. 
Now it's simply Toast. This time someone got it just right. 
That someone is V., who owns Chhaya on East Passyunk  avenue. V brings the same high qualityingredients and superb cooking  to Center City. With a distinctly uncomplicated flare you can choose from sandwiches, salads, pastries and a list of sides. You can mix and match or just stick with a classic "bacon , egg and cheese" and, voila, you're done. 
There's a fussiness to Center City dining that gets on my nerves. I hate it when a server can't pronounce menu items or when a foreign word or phrase is used when English would suffice. Toast chucks the fussiness for breakfast and lunch fare. This streamlined method is all I want when I am still slightly drunk from the night before and my stomach is on "carb-cheese-MEAT" mode. 
Great for  morning and midday meals, toast is a win for Center City.Great Location, Love the vibe, food and love the service, highly recommended!!!We were looking forward to trying this place and heard some good things. We came in and sat down and looked over the menu. The waitress told us that they were out of half of the items which we actually wanted. We ordered one small plate (literally one poached egg with toast and jam) just to try it out and told the waitress we were in a time crunch. As we waited for our order, we see the entire staff just standing around and talking. We sat there for almost 40 minutes and the server did not stop by once to even fill up our water. 
We ended up having to walk over to find our waitress to tell her we couldn't wait any more and we had to leave. 
That was our attempt at Toast and we won't be going back. Thumbs down.I had ordered an egg sandwich and had gotten the saddest looking sandwich I have ever consumed. My money would have been much better spent at the food truck down the street. 
PRO: decent coffee, promptly seated, low prices
CON: both mine and my boyfriend's food was dry and not very tasty (maybe that's where the allusion to toast comes from), slowwwww service, the place had a weird smell the day we came in (but that might have been an isolated incident)Okay brunch and lunch food but the wait for the food is ridiculous. The ventilation system also barely functions so it's usually smoky. Waitstaff doesn't check in on you or refill water. (She's currently sitting with her friend and has been on her phone for the last half hour).  Finally, they're almost always out of a number of things on the menu. Time for someone else to come in and run this place. Chaya cafe please open a second location.This place has great ideas, but very poorly executed. even the grilled cheese was boring and tasteless.  i went with three friends, everyone got something different, and everyone was disappointed.AMAZING!!! the cafe is quaint and charming and the food is amazing! I went there for brunch and surely did not leave disappointed. I got the smoked salmon Benedict and my friend got the omelette special, which had sauteed onion, spinach, and goat cheese.I came here a couple times for breakfast sandwiches. I thought the homemade English muffins were good, but everything else is just average or below. Both times, especially once when I was in a rush, it took way too long to make a simple ham, egg, and cheese on an English muffin. At least they don't skimp on the meat like the bagel place over on Walnut. 
 The coffee clearly tastes cheap, but they charge more than Starbucks. 
This city has much more to offer in brunch options (Sabrina's, Little Spoon, the Hungry Pigeon, or even Green Eggs).Came here on a groupon and was super impressed! Atmosphere was cozy and cute, coffee was strong, almond milk chai was amazing, salad and veggie burger were yummy and big.Stumbled upon this great cafe when looking for brunch one day. Great "egg toasts" - their version of eggs benedict, in a variety of ways. Excellent coffee and espresso beverages, and everyone is really friendly!I'm relatively new to PHL, however this place has changed name +/- management about 3-4 times so far.
One would imagine that such abysmal business would learn as it attempts to reinvent itself.
This new edition, or Toast, is clearly not doing well again, judging from its persistent lack of clientele. 
The other day I walked in, and hardly anything was done to the decor. It remains bland and unoriginal, despite the prime geo location.
A mere Earl Grey cost more than any other CC café by an astonishing dollar! My surprise meant that I discussed the issue with my partner and we both wondered what the management of this place are thinking.
Today, I decided to go into this place again, to give it another assessment. Like before, a mere couple of customers and a bored looking barista.
The toll, $2.95 for a 16 oz coffee! Extortionate and the worst transaction of my AMEX in a long time. When you consider that a good coffee somewhere else in the Center City is around $1.75 you realise how absurd Toast is. Justification? Coffee beans grown in extraterrestrial soil fertilised by the manure produced by the last unicorn?
Won't be returning here.Came here for brunch and it was very good. Friendly staff, food arrived in a timely manner. I love how Toast supports the local art community by featuring work from local artists.My family and I found this hidden gem while we were looking for a place to park and get some breakfast after traveling all day. We loved everything! The space is cute. The food was amazing! The juice and coffee were nice and fresh! We were impressed with Alex, the guy who took our order at the counter, delivered our food to our table, he also cleared other tables and seem to keep the line at the counter moving pretty fast!!! He manage all of these different jobs very efficiently and with a smile and a great personality! When we are in the area again, we will be sure to visit again!!!I was pleasently surprised when my boyfriend brought me here for a spontaneous dinner. It doesn't look like a place you would get a great dinner from, but the food was great. Casual place. I had a burge on sourdough toast (the bread was phenominal). It doesn kinda feel like it was run by a younger crowd, but that youger crowd made my food to perfection, so I'm not too picky about that. And I am also in my early twenties. My boyfriend had the prosciutto and asparagus-stuffed chicken and I tried some, it was delicious. The asparagus wasn't mushy like a lot of places cook it. They were out of some things, but it didn't matter because everything probably would have been delicious. It was pretty quiet for friday but I suspect it is more of a breakfast place, but do not fear, if you are looking for a great dinner, this is a good place to get casual and eat great food. The food was plated beautifully. I will come back the next time I am in Philly.Breakfast on a rainy Saturday with my Mom and two sisters. Large windows, comfortable bench seating, delicious coffee, and excellent food. Servers were friendly, but not very attentive- coffee was slow coming to table and refill never offered, but I think they were understaffed for the crowd, and I had the impression that one of the two may have been new. My sisters had the featured omelet and poached eggs with mushrooms; my mom, French toast with sliced apples; I had the granola/ fruit/ yogurt parfait and a perfectly cooked over easy egg on a house made English muffin. Everything was excellent, and I'd definitely go back.I really wanted to like this place since I live down the street from it and the two previous tenants didn't do so well. I ordered an egg sandwich on a bagel to go. Pretty simple order, but when done right can be super tasty. Can also be extremely mediocre as it was in this case. Basically I couldn't find the cheese that was supposed to be on there and the bagel was barely toasted or crisp - almost tasted microwaved. For a place called Toast with limited menu items, I'd think they would make a really kick ass egg sandwich. 
The decor is really nice inside and it looks like they would serve better food. I might try it again because I don't want to judge based on one bagel sandwich, but this was very disappointing.Coffee ok. Food ok. 
But the place isn't run well at all. 
The menu that's up on the wall isn't always what they are serving. They gave me the wrong thing. 
Turned out they weren't even serving the soup that's written up on the chalkboard. When I didn't want what they gave me instead, I asked for something else. The cashier said it was no problem and apologized... But then I heard the cook getting mad about my changing my order when she went back there to tell him I wanted something else. 
1) it's your fault your menu is incorrect and you brought me something I didn't want
2) It's not ok that you yell about it and I have to hear it out on the floor 
3) I shouldn't have to eat and pay for something I never ordered 
Won't be coming back. 
Could be a cute place if they did their jobs.Update: I understand toast has made significant changes in staffing and management. The last time I was there, my experience was disappointing. 
The wait staff were mainly people I did not recognize from previous visits (I live very close to Toast and have been there a number of times). They seemed  like high school kids trying out their first jobs. 
There were errors on the menu, when I inquired about them there was no apology or even any feeling that this was misleading or negative. My waitress was very nonchalant about it which I found odd. 
I ordered a breakfast sandwich and it was beyond disappointing. It came out not even cut in half. It was on sourdough bread which is an awkward size to hold without being cut. Of course I am capable of cutting it myself, but presentation should held in a higher regard. Also, the waitress threw it down on the table so fast that the top piece of bread flew woff of the plate. Bad. It was extremely dry. 
I had to ask for more water a couple of times which is an issue I have had here in the past. In my opinion, toast is going downhill. It's a shame because they do have some really good choices (smoked salmon). 
Their new additions, including the flat screen tv awkwardly smattered over the mural, is just another reason why Toast seems less like a quaint cafe and more like a random / misguided spot run by teenagers. Monday night football? Really? This place majorly lacks a theme and has devalued itself with recent changes.What a pleasant surprise! I stopped by for late lunch the other day and tried an egg toast with spinach, goat cheese, and tomato, and it was absolutely delicious. It was a cozy environment, and perfect for a mid-afternoon refuel. We'll be back!Went here for brunch on a weekend afternoon around 1:30 (so I know it's late) but they basically ran out of an ingredient for every dish on their menu. It was pretty sad. We had to get creative with what options we had left and even then our dishes were missing some things requested. The servers were nice and whatever food came out was decent but not worth the price or how long it took to get our food. It seemed promising but wasn't great.It shouldn't take 45 minutes to make toast. And it's also not very good. Ordered salmon toast. The asparagus was cold and not fully cooked. The greens were overdressed. The English muffin was untoasted and stale. The kitchen is small and not running efficiently. Disappointing. The concept is nice. But if your have one main thing, you must do it well.Came in for a late coffee with a friend and ended up getting a free dinner (they were promoting their new dinner menu)! I got the veggie chili, which was quite good, and my friend got a seafood gumbo, which she liked, as well. Server was very pleasant and friendly, as was the chef who talked to us from the kitchen. It's a nice, spacious coffee shop with lots of seating. Only down sides were that it was extremely quiet and no music was playing so we felt like we had to whisper in order to have any privacy and it was very cold (we weren't even sitting by the Windows!)--like wear-your-jacket-inside cold. Turn up the heat and the music and this place will be a great coffee and small meal place!I've been in once. The coffee is fine. The hot line is a nice change from most of the Philly cafes, but I didn't like their basic egg sandwich---it was quite dry. Service was slow, but their was only one barista working. (At 9am on a weekday... ouch! I didn't envy him.)While this cafe appears to be a quaint place , don't be fooled . They are way in over their heads . There appears to be one person in the tiny kitchen cooking ... Our two eggs sandwiches took about 40 mins and others were also looking for their food for a very long time ! It's also very warm inside - not sure if AC was broken or if it was all the glass or what ??
The house brew coffee was good though .
Skip this place , unless it's a quite weekday .I found myself walking by Toast while I was in the area to do a photo shoot.  It was a cold day and a corner coffee joint was just what I needed.  I liked the vibe as soon as I walked in.  It has a good look, it was bustling with people drinking coffee and eating.  The staff was friendly and the menu offered what I was looking for.  
While I waited for my coffee to be made, I grabbed a seat on the little sofa.  A great spot to relax, people watch and consume caffeine.  The prices were totally fair, nothing crazy.  My drink was good and served up with that added touch of Barista art.  I'd visit here again if I find myself in the area again.Having been less than impressed with the previous two tenants that occupied this space, I was happy when I found out that the folks from Chhaya would be running Toast when it oppened. I'm a fan of Chhaya, and my only real complaint about it is that it isn't closer to me. Toast is, so my wife and I went to check it out. We've been twice now and were not disappointed. Toast seems to have finally come up with the right formula to make this space work: an emphasis on good coffee/tea, along with a simple menu based mostly around one common theme (toasted English muffins and poached eggs) that makes it possible to effectively utilize the small, cramped kitchen. We've tried several of the options on their menu, including the traditional ham/eggs/hollandaise, the apples and white cheddar, truffled mushroom, and wilted greens, all of which were very good. The warm apple and white cheddar was probably the standout for me.
While the food menu is different and simpler than the food menu at Chhaya, Toast has a similarly good selection of coffee and tea, making this a great new coffee shop in Center City, even if you aren't into variations on Eggs Benedict. Which isn't to say that Eggs Benedict is the only option. The menu has a number of other items on it, including some salads and simple dishes like yogurt parfait and oatmeal, all at fairly reasonable prices. Overall, I'd say this place is a winner.YOLO, I'm kind of glad you only live once, and I hope your successor does not also follow it's namesake, because Toast, I like you, and I don't want you to be toast. 
PROS
For a studying spot this gets 5 stars: it's quiet, (aside from some pleasant background music), there are usually study spots near outlets, an abundance of pillows for comfort, reliable wifi, high ceilings, good people watching when you zone out, and last but not least... there is never anyone here (although this doesn't bode well for the future of the place, I selfishly love the emptiness).
They take credit cards and I found their food reasonably priced (although I can't vouch for the quality). They actually have an extensive menu with salads and eggs benedict (around $10) as well as cheaper toast/bagel options. 
The one barrista is super sweet, the first time I came in when she was working, she was so friendly I had to stop and figure out if I knew her and she was actually a best friend I'd forgotten I had, or just super awesome. It was the latter. She also took pity on us and brought us water after we'd been miserably staring at our screens/books for a few hours.
CONS
Drinks are a bit overpriced (2.75 for a tea?) and they don't have a huge selection of teas. 
The AC was spotty last week, but they've resolved the issue I think.
Highly recommend as a study spot, or a place for weekday/all day quiet breakfast/brunch/snack/solo dining. So let's raise a toast to Toast, and hope this one sticks.Extremely slow kitchen. I went with an hour to eat before my shift and told the server that information as well. I got canned fruit and an omelette over 45 minutes later. I boxed it and left.
About 2 weeks later I was waiting for quick hem and asked for the fastest thing they could make, bagel and cream cheese was the answer. That took over 15 minutes.
Don't come here with any time constraints.Beautiful little restaurant with friendly service and decent food. Things were a little mixed up with the serving staff, but I'm getting the impression that's par for the course here in Philly.We stopped in for brunch. We ordered an iced latte & hot coffee (both good). I ordered the smoked salmon poached eggs, and my friend ordered the wilted greens poached eggs. The plated looked like works of art!! The vibrant colors made the dish almost too pretty to eat! But glad we did because everything was on point. The strawberries on the side salad made the salad refreshing. There was a good salmon to benedict ratio. The sauce was delicious~ Even the roasted asparagus was cooked just right!! The only complaint I would have is the bread. It didnt come on an English muffin. Or if that was an English muffin, it was a bad one. But everything else made up for the underwhelming bread. 5 stars because our meal was so satisfying to our eyes & our tummies!!I have no idea why the big difference between the excellent reviews and the poor ones.  We had a wonderful time here.  The cappuccino was the best I've ever had and my wife agreed.  I had the pocahed eggs with smoked salmon, Hollandaise sauce, and asparagus.  My wife had french toast.  Both were fine and portions were enormous.  Service was top notch and food came out quickly.Pleasant atmosphere and good food. friendly staff that did well to accommodate us since we had a train to catch. we ended up taking food to go.The salmon eggs Benedict was delicious. They were very generous with the smoked salmon portions. Not to mention the entree itself is already really reasonably priced. 
The homemade chai latte was also very good!
If I could amend one thing it would be less dressing on the salad that came with the entree.
I will definitely be coming back.My experiences at Toast have been pretty solid, but a little underwhelming. I moved in down the street a few months ago and thought this would be my go to place, but the service is so slow that I couldn't rationalize waiting 25-30 minutes for a breakfast sandwich to-go. While their food is great, the kitchen is too small to keep up with the volume of customers. The staff is very friendly, but I really think they need to expand the kitchen.We were sat immediately but then it took 30 min to get our coffee and almost an hour to get our food which was just mediocre. They seem to be under staffed for there was only one waitress on a Sunday morning.Stopped in for breakfast one morning before heading to a conference. The coffee was fresh and the food was tasty - I had the egg sandwich will all the add-ons. Service was friendly and the environment was nice. Would go back!The food here is AMAZING! This Sunday I had the special, $12 which included Eggs Benedict on english muffins, bacon, crab meat, fresh avocado, and mixed greens. I am a returning customer and have never been let down. They atmosphere is friendly and quaint.I visited Toast 4:30ish (pm) on a Wednesday. Very non-busy, so my sister and I had comfortable seating with plenty of room for both eating and working on netbooks/tablets (free wifi is very decent for that). The guy who waited on us was friendly and efficient, and the food arrived quickly. We were both happy - my sister had a "real meal" (pot roast, mashed potatoes, bread, and side salad) and was happy with everything (the side salad was even good with true greens and the main meal definitely satisfied her comfort food craving), while I went for a grilled cheese w/ tomato and ham, with chips on the side. I don't often find a grilled cheese that truly says "grilled cheese" to me (and not just cheese melted on toast, which is a different beast altogether), but theirs is a very adequate version. The cheese was just right and the ham was a tasty touch. I'm not sure if they make their own desserts, but my sister said the carrot cake was one of the best she's had.
Short version? Comfortable seating and a nice place to work, free wifi, friendly staff w/ more than adequate food delivered quickly, and relatively inexpensive. I'll be back.I had a very pleasing experience here and possibly the best grilled cheese/tomato soup combo I've ever had in my life.  The atmosphere is very welcoming and simple; great spot for a lunch break!Place Was filled with smoke presumably from the grill and food took an entire hour to arrive :(Great sandwiches, go for the sourdough bread! So affordable - brunch of two sandwiches with sides and two coffees for $18. Very friendly staff, fast service tooI never write Yelp reviews, I generally use it to find bars and restaurants when traveling, but I had an awful experience I need to tell about. I arrived at a little past six in the evening I immediately saw a young blondish woman behind the counter holding court with about five other UoA students. After listening to them prattle on for about two minutes about house parties and hangovers, and receiving no attention. I left. If your going to hire people, make sure they are mature enough for the job.They seems to have a very bad planning. I only ordered an egg sandwich and it took them almost an hour. Looks like most reviewers mentioned waiting time.Went to this little cafe for brunch to redeem a groupon I had gotten. I ordered the mushroom poached eggs with a side of home fries. Mine was pretty okay, but the eggs were not seasoned and were more over easy than poached. The mushrooms and potatoes were fine, but cold when I got them. The english muffin was kind of hard and not so warm either. Also, got a french press coffee which was pretty tasty. I would say this spot is more of a coffee and pastry type of place rather than somewhere to go for brunch. Service was fine, but it took quite a bit seeing as we were one of two couples in theFinally a cafe in this spot that I like. Ever since Oddfellows closed down, I haven't set foot in the place. (For some reason I couldn't bring myself to frequent a restaurant called YOLO) 
I haven't tried the food yet, as I was just there to have coffee and study, but the ambience was friendly, the iced coffee tasty, and the server's British accent quite charming. See you soon, Toast!My friend and I decided to try this cute restaurant for lunch, and we were disappointed by the food and service.
I ordered the chicken avocado wrap.  The food looked very presentable, but the taste of the food does not reflect the presentation.  The staff was friendly but forgetful.
This place still has room to improve on its food and service.I would've gave them 1 star but their fresh squeezed orange juice was superrrrr good. I'm pretty sure every cup is made to order. But anyway , the girls working were nice when they actually came to our table. We waited 45 minutes for breakfast food. I'm talking eggs and things like that . No one gave us any updates or apologized for the wait. The people who arrived about 15 min after us got their food 15 min before us. Then when the food arrived it was just ok. Not terrible by any means but seriously just ok. I think this place is ok to hang if your having coffee and a pastry to work on your laptop during slow hours, other than that. They need to work on a new system or at least take accountability for the lack of urgency on their part.Ok, I'm going to give this 4 stars because, yes I am a fan.  I do however want anyone reading this to note that the review is for the FOOD.  It's excellent.  Honestly it is one of my absolute favorite breakfast spots in the city.  Delicious avocado over eggs on a fresh biscut?  To die for.  And fair prices which is sometimes hard to find in Washington Square.  If you are going to eat on the fly, avoid this place at all costs.  
I live so close that I've been here a bunch of times.  Once they brought me out the complete wrong order.  Then after the bill came they charged me extra.  The server wasn't really that friendly about it.  I didn't think much of it until I made the fatal mistake of coming here on a Saturday.  These are the most awkward, strange servers I've ever seen.  Honestly I almost feel bad for them.  They look like fish out of water.  
I'm going to keep enjoying the delicious food, but only at times when this spot isn't busy.  If they got the service right, this would be TOP NOTCH.Toast has a really nice and relaxed ambiance.  I stopped in on the go with a friend and was impressed. They had a nice variety of teas and coffee.  I tried their chai tea latte, and it was delicious.  My friend tried one of their more exciting tea blends, and she loved it.  We also had bagels, which were a little pricey, but great for our on-the-go breakfast.  I'd love to come back for a more sit-down experience because I loved their space with lots of windows, comfortable-looking seats with pillows, and the open space.Great concept, decent food. Healthy options. I just didn't care for their signature bread; a bit too dense for me. I'd give it a another go before making a final conclusion.Just wanted a quick and simple breakfast, and that's exactly what we didn't get. We had a party of 4 and we were sat down by the hosts, and then 5 minutes later told to stand up and leave the table because apparently somebody reserved the table. Even though we were told you can't make reservations for tables. When we were finally sat after 45 minutes of waiting, we ordered and waited another 1 hour for our food to be served to us. It wasn't run well, and it is all over the place. The food was subpar, and the home fries were undercooked. they really need to get their act together.9:30. Came for tea & toast. 1. Out of most of their teas. 2. Out of fresh fruit. 3. Served hard, thin toast. With a name like Toast, I was hoping for fabulous, thick slices of fresh bread for toast with a selection of house made or artisanal jams/spreads. It's Eh...didn't include 2 of our meals on the check and then blamed us for this mistake. will not be going backToast has expanded their  menu offerings since my original review. The daily specials they've added make for more interesting options. I also like that the food is generally healthy, with right sized portions and fair prices to go with them. They've been able to make the most of the small kitchen space, earning themselves another star from me.There must be a billion places in Philadelphia to get a chai latte. This one was weak, lukewarm, and overpriced. My server was lovely (the second star is for her), but the cashier was brusque and acted like I was putting her out by coming up to pay. I didn't try the food, but I won't be back to do so.First brunch experience here in Philly (actually in my entire life), and oh man, I can see why now brunch is such a thing.
My friends and I initially planned on Green Eggs Café, but because we would have had to wait 45 minutes for a table, we came here instead. Not only did the waitress seat us quickly, but the place also provided a very toasty ambience. (No pun intended.) I ordered a plate of their special egg toast: two poached eggs served atop a homemade split English muffin, with smoked salmon and asaparagus on the side. (I opted out of the Hollandaise sauce.) O-M-G.
While I didn't get that runny yolk porn experience, each bite was a delicious sensation of salty and savory. Also, that English muffin was on point - so chewy and carb-y. 
I definitely recommend this place for a nice brunch minus the the terribly long line.Coffee is good and so is the food. So why 2 stars? This place is as slow as molasses. I can't stand waiting for a cup of drip coffee.  I think it was 25 minutes. They need to staff up in the mornings.Loved it. Great quality fresh breakfast treats. The service is okay. Asking to refill coffee would have helped the experience. Checking on the guests is an asset for servers if they would like a nice tip. I enjoyed the low noise level. Would recommend over some of the more trendy brunch spots. Would recommend and visit when in the area.Great cafe in my neighborhood. Casual setting where you can get work done. Nice and open and bright. Free wifi. Great coffee and tea. They support the neighborhood tea shop! :). I would recommend the iced "rouge" tea especially on a hot day. The food is awesome too & at a reasonable price. I've only gotten the chicken club with avocado, but I've gotten it twice bc it's delicious! It comes with a bright side salad w. balsamic which is a great accompaniment to the sandwich. Nothing is lacking at this place. Yelp states they close at 6, but they actually close at 8. Definitely making this a regular spot!Stopped in to get a quick to-go lunch. I asked if the daily soup was vegetarian, but it wasn't, so  the server suggested the veggie chili, which came with a baguette. I took him up on it, but wish I hadn't! It was just an assortment of beans with some diced tomato and under cooked onions & celery; no sauce to speak of. How can you call this chili? An utter disappointment, probably 75 cents worth of veggies for $5. And the baguette? Please. What I got was essentially a hoagie roll. 
Then, to top it all off, as the server was packing up my order, I saw him drop a plastic spoon on the floor and then put it back in the cabinet to give to another future customer. Yuck.
I won't be back.This is a mixed review. Service was slow to take our order but good once they tended to us. Fresh squeezed orange juice was delicious. The sausage poached egg with apple and Dijon was quite tasty.  However, the avocado poached was dry and bland. Eggs were small and one had shells in it which ruined the while meal.By far the worst experience I've had in the city of Philadelphia. I've gone here 3 times and each time was worse than the time prior.
We walked in for coffee and sandwiches to go stating that we would love to sit but we were in a rush to get going.
The coffee took 30 minutes and it took 45 minutes to be served the wrong food.The staff was friendly, atmosphere was nice, food was alright. Wanted to get iced coffee but they didn't have it that day (??) so I got an iced latte instead but it just tasted like cream (even though I asked for soy.) the food was good, not great. I wish there was more on the plate (but that might just be my gluttony coming out). Worth a try if you're in the area!Service was ok, place was smokey due to poor ventilation and the owner ignored it till all our eyes were burning! Plus we left smelling like burned TOAST!  Plus side the fresh OJ was great and the poached eggs were good except I had to go to kitchen to request dressing for salad dressing.Food was good.. but we waited almost an hour for the food by the time we got it we weren't even hungry anymore. The servers were nice but the kitchen needs to work faster..Super convenient considering I live on top of the coffee shop! I love the coffee and free mimosa during the weekends for brunch. You heard me free mimosa!!! It doesn't get better than having a hearty but healthy breakfast with a mimosa. This place is still new so I would assume the brunch menu will continually evolve and become much more expansive over time. Right now you won't get the traditional brunch stuff like eggs and bacon or omelates but they do have a very interesting menu! 
Did I mention the free mimosa? 
I also like the vibe when this place goes back to its coffee shop roots, if I was a student I would most definitely hang out at toast and study and consume coffee!Toast is ok.
My goat cheese, tomato and spinach omelet was actually pretty good and the coffee was pretty good too.
I had the hummus plate and the hummus was pretty good.
But it's kind of expensive and although it's pretty good it's not great.
Which is the whole thing.
It's fine.
There's nothing wrong with it but it's just not exciting in any way.
I was kind of pissed that they wouldn't make my kid a plain omelette though when clearly they are capable of doing so.
Weird.
Nice space.Companionable place with great coffee and healthy fresh food. The guys who run the place are VERY welcoming! Like the sleek decor.NOISE!
Good food, OK coffee, moderate price but much too noisy from a terrible heating/AC system to enjoy a peaceful meal.Great but expensive coffee. Their large is only a 16oz for $3. Not much variety with the to-go food. 
When you walk in, you don't know whether to seat yourself or have a hostess seat you. This is awkward if you don't want waiter service and are coming in for a quick bite or to catch up on some work.
English muffins are amazing along with the homemade jam.Had roughly 10 extra minutes to spare this morning on my morning commute, and was craving an egg & cheese in the worst way. With each step I took, I pondered my options. There's a lunch truck outside of my office that does really good breakfast sandwiches, but the line is usually massive and #Ain'tNobodyGotTimeForThat. Starbucks is on the way, but ehhh. Just as I was starting to panic, I look up and Toast is staring me in the face. Somehow I've avoided trying this spot despite spending so much time in this hood, since the reviews I've heard have been pretty mixed. But it wasn't crowded, and the Hanger was approaching, so I decided to try my luck.
My bacon, egg, cheese & avocado on wheat toast was quick, tasty and didn't break the bank. I have a feeling I'll be back sooner than later.I. Love. Toast.
My favorite Café to study in...also my favorite green tea and eggs benny toast.I tried this restaurant after purchasing a Groupon and that same day, I purchased another. Everything was exceptional, from the service to the food. I ordered the "Bacon" which was bacon, an organic poached egg, smoked gouda, avocado, and plum tomato. They make their own english muffins from scratch and they are amazing! Fluffy yet dense enough to be the perfect base for the poached eggs placed on top. The open faced sandwich was accompanied with a salad (which I personally really appreciate with egg dishes - maybe I'm strange like that) with a wonderful vinaigrette that I actually poured on everything. In addition to the food, I also got a mocha latte which was good but my only other reference for mocha's is Starbucks so I'm not the a good judge of who makes the best one. I've been to all of the top brunch spots in Philly and this was my favorite poached egg dish by far. Can't wait to go back and try them for dinner.Overall, a good cappuccino.  Strong coffee flavor, with a smoky aftertaste.  I normally prefer a more creamy consistency, with a sour tinge at the end, but I didn't much mind the taste of Toast's cappuccino.  Verging on $4 territory, it's a pricey drink.  Although I didn't sample, the fold menu looked intriguing.  Also, went on a cold day and the seating area was the opposite of toasty.  Worth the visit though.Had brunch here with a friend on a Saturday morning. I love that they offer brunch on Saturday too (no alcohol though sadly). I had the mushroom egg toast and my friend had the avocado egg toast. It's basically eggs Benedict with your choice on the side. It was good but I thought it was missing something. There was a slice of white cheddar cheese under each poached egg that I thought should have been melted to tie the dish together. I added some hot sauce to give it some kick but would have preferred more flavor in the dish itself. The mushrooms on the side were cooked well and were very tasty. 
The staff was very friendly and attentive. I liked the booth seating around the window which made it feel like you were eating outside but still in air conditioning which was nice after a long walk.There is good news and bad news. The good news, they do make a good cup of coffee. 
Now the bad. I was looking for a place to stop by and have a cup of coffee. First, I passed right by the place. It looked like a regular restaurant to me, but it isn't, it's a coffee shop. I was confused by a coffee shop called "toast".  As to they really don't sell anything toasted. It looks like a typo, I think they meant to call it "roast". As that would have made sense.
The places looks great, if they were selling Caribbean food. It looks very light and tropical looking  with floor to ceiling windows. 
The menu was confusing. You need to be a wine expert to understand that the "hint" of a favor is a note. Meaning, not favored coffee. They had drawings of a french press and another one that I couldn't really know what it was. I guess you have to ask? 
On the counter they had laminated papers moving around all over the place with the real menu.
All in all it's a very confusing place.Very cute coffee shop. Quick and nice service. A group of us were about to head out for some afternoon fun. Since Mother Nature is angry and is giving us heat waves, we ordered iced drinks. All were tasty and did the caffeine trick.Nice cozy study spot with free wifi, good seating, good coffee, and good food. Only sad thing is that is closes early (6pm).How are they still open!? The employees act like it is hugely inconvenient to prepare you food whenever you order and It is literally NEVER open when their signs and website says they are supposed to be and even when they are open 9 times out of ten they have closed the grill for the day so you can't order any food. Like during normal "open" times, the signs posted on their website and doors, they say there is no one there to make food. Then why even have a menu? Why pretend to be a restaurant when all they can ever get it together to serve you is coffee. The employees are condescending and make it seem like you are asking for ridiculous things when you order something that has to be prepared and not simply poured. Terrible service as wellI've been there for breakfast a few times. They are open earlier than a lot of places and have always had a seat.
Decent food but they always seem to be out of a lot of stuff.Honestly I'm only giving it two stars because the last time I got Toast, it was terrible. I just ordered it for delivery and I expected it to be way worse but it wasn't as bad as the first time I took it to go. Although, I don't think the kitchen staff knows how to poach an egg.....that's probably my biggest complaint. The bacon was really good the second time when I asked for it well done. The potatoes taste like they came out of a can. Which is disappointing.FInally a place where I can relax and enjoy the atmosphere without it costing a fortune. It is very clean and cozy. Staff is personable. Great place for a lazy day or informal date.Service is terrible. Only 2 tables occupied, including ours, and we've been waiting over 30 mins for our orders. If you are crunch for time, do not come here!Super-cute, very comfy, and everyone there has been nothing but friendly and helpful.  
The reason for the missing star is that things are a bit on the expensive side here. I probably wouldn't stop in for a coffee to go... but then if you're planning on camping out to use the wifi or read, it makes more sense to invest in a nice comfortable setting.Was quite excited about this new place, but have to say was rather disappointed.  The service was lacklustre, like everything was a bit too much trouble.  And sadly the food, while beautifully presented, didn't live up to its promise.  The place is selling itself on "toast", so really it should be serving perfectly toasted English muffins.  Ours weren't soft enough in the middle and were under toasted.  Coffee was fine but nothing to write home about.
Overall, there was nothing offensive about the place.  It was just underwhelming enough to not bother going back, in a city packed with great brunch places.I mean, I just had coffee and a muffin.  Can I rate this place?  I guess so.
My redeye was fine, though the barista had to be told by another staff member what that was.  Dude, it's just espresso and coffee...
My lemon and blueberry muffin was good.  Very sponge cakey, nicely flavored, and not overloaded with sugar.
Not too busy early in the am, but packed in the afternoon on the weekends so be warned.
The "egg toasts" looked good, but I'm calling them out on stealing Tria's egg toast name.  They're right across the street, guys!The "English Muffins" served with most eggs in the style of Eggs Benedict may be home made but they tasted old, dry and tasted like stale biscuits.The grilled cheese sandwich (with tomatoes added) is my JAM. 
The cheese took me to another world. It was wild.
Veggie chili was yum, though a tad too spicy/hot for my liking. Had to take it slow.
Will definitely return for more!I just wanted an egg sandwich to go, but I added things on to it and there was a miscommunication.  My order ended up being remade twice.  The first time because she asked about poached egg order and I was confused because I didn't realize the eggs on the egg sandwich were poached.  I can't have undercooked egg yolk at the moment, so I said you don't have to scramble them just break the yolk and cook it.  But then I realized the root of the miscommunication was she missed me saying egg sandwich and thought I wanted the poached egg platter.  I needed something I could shove in my face on the go so I had to get it remade (which I hated to do), but despite the mixup and wait - the girl helping me remained pleasant and took care of both issues no problem.   I bring up the mix up because it was handled as well as it could have been.  And the sandwich I ended up with was amazing.  Love, love, love the homemade English muffin and the roasted tomatoes were incredible.  Just be clear when ordering or not in a huge hurry.  It's not a dunkin - they are making the food to order, but is delish and worth the time if you have it.  
I also ate in with my toddler and the same girl was very kind and helpful- food was also great then!Had to ask for coffee 4 times only to never receive it, but still be charged for it. Didn't help the brunch was cold & late, either.I was not thrilled with my Toast experience. Came here for brunch yesterday and the food was about as thrilling as...well... toast.  
I ordered the truffled mushroom eggs benedict, two poached eggs served atop a homemade split English muffin, with chives, truffled mushrooms and Hollandaise.  The two eggs that were supposed to have soft centers were not even close.  One completely well done yolk and the other, well it was half dippy.  No biggie. There were no scallions just two overdone eggs, on top of unmelted cheese sitting atop a homemade english muffin that was super dense and dry.  The hollandaise was nice though. This was served with a side salad with a drop (literally) of dressing.   Meh.
I also got a cappuccino which was actually delicious, however it was super small and for $3.50, I was a bit disappointed since it was gone in 5 sips. 
The service was a bit awkward but our server was attentive. 
The interior is super cute and cozy but unless its for an overpriced small cappuccino, I wont be back.AWFUL! Had half an hour to kill this a.m. so bypassed Capogiro to go here as had read good things about it. What a mistake!! 
First the girl working at the counter barely acknowledged me. When she did -made no eye contact, made me wait as was on the phone. When she finally waited on me whispered and was impossible to hear over the god awful fan racket coming from the kitchen. I then waited almost 10 mins to get my capp - I was the ONLY one waiting.  When i finally did get it was not very hot. 
The fan noise from the kitchen was deafening and the whole place reeked of old sandwiches and curry, I think. Couldn't leave fast enough. SO not the relaxing cup of coffee i was hoping for. 
When I left my clothes smelled of curry or something. It was just awful. 
Angry at myself for going out of my way for such an unpleasant experience. 
Only good thing was the croissant (which am sure came from elsewhere).Came here for lunch with some coworkers and the ambiance was quite comfy and unique! I liked the quite atmosphere as well. Ordered the avocado toast and was definitely satisfied with the portion size! Want to try the French toast next time!
Would definitely recommend!Edit to this post: we ended up walking out after almost an hour of not receiving our food. Very disappointing.
I really wanted to like this place - its very close to my house and super cute! We tried this place out a few months ago, shortly after it opened. There was only one waiter and he was super slow and the kitchen was running very behind. It took over 45 minutes to get our food, which was average brunch food. We tried this place again today and I'm sitting writing this after a 45 minute wait for my omelette and my fiancé's poached eggs. The place is only 25% filled and there is adequate and attentive wait staff, it just appears that the kitchen is under-staffed, or that Grubhub and Eat24 take precedence over in-person customers, which is what our waitress blamed the long wait on. To top it off, two single people have been seated and fed since we ordered. Moral of the story is, if you come here, expect to spend a large portion of your morning waiting for average food.I am currently sitting in the cafe. I spent 1 hour waiting in line for an incompetent but friendly individual to take down orders by hand. The system is incredibly flawed. Subsequent to dictating the order by hand, he needs to again submit the order electronically in order for electronic payments to be made. Once the order is sent to the kitchen, it returns on numerous occasions because the chef can't read the handwriting on the written receipt. 
Other members of our party received cold food even after telling the staff we see our meal in the delivery window. They refused to serve it until after it had already turned cold. 
About an hour and a half into the wait for our meal, we asked the kitchen how long the food would take. They asked us what we order. It was then we realized they lost the handwritten receipt that they spent twenty minutes dictating to send to the kitchen. So as we waited an hour and a half for our meal to arrive, they weren't even preparing it.
We waited an hour to order
We waited ten minutes for a straw. 
We waited another hour and a half for our food which never arrived due to incompetency!
We left after refunding our order.
Save yourself the wait. Do not come here. Go to green eggs cafe or somewhere else down the road. Honestly, anywhere else but here. Unless you want to leave angry, three hours wasted, and unsatisfied, do not go to this cafe.I haven't been previously for anything except coffee so when we saw open tables last weekend and that the menu pretty much consisted of eggs and things on toast we assumed it would be a pretty quick meal.... We were wrong . Almost an hour to make an "open faced" egg sandwich unacceptable .
Service was nice and friendly and it's not their fault that the kitchen was having issues.
I wouldn't sit down and eat again but they offer a coffee and breakfast sandwich combo to go during the week for 4.00 seems like a good deal as long as the wait isn't 45 minI've been going there since September. It's my favorite hangout whenever I come into town. The food is always fresh and delicious. When I've been there for breakfast on weekends, it's usually crowded. During those times I've experienced some delays in getting our order. I think it's a kitchen issue. Other than that, the service has been prompt, courteous, and caring. The wait staff, mostly young ladies, seem willing to go the extra mile. It's definitely worth a visit if you're in the area.Okay...I used to love Toast. The last time I went here it was right before the kitchen was closing. Awful meal. Okay..I thought maybe ok I shouldn't have come so close to kitchen closing.
Went again ...awful! Ordered poached eggs..The english muffin was not toasted, dry and cold. Who does that?
The waitress is mean..the energy is really negative. That's it. I suggest they go on a vacation and get a new attitude. The food sucks and its depressing in there. 
Bye Toast..no more chances.I'm not one to wrote reviews however, my boyfriend and I were looking for somewhere for breakfast on a Sunday morning. Place looked great from the outside. 
There was one waitress running around taking orders, seating people, busing tables. Service was horrible and it took FOREVER for the food to come. There was a table of 4 that was there before us and we got our food before them. Yes there is more of them but there food should have been done first.  Lady behind the counter makes all the coffees, teas, lattes, ext.  She had a major attitude problem and looked miserable. There was no food coming out of the kitchen for atleast 20min when there to go orders placed and customers waiting.Cute, calm, quiet, great menu, hugeeee (and delicious) cappuccinos, organic ingredients, very friendly accomodating staff, a+ fresh squeezed oj, outlets, table service.
All for it, everything I could ask for in a brunch spot, 5 stars from me :)Unstable tables, spoons are across the room if you are fixing coffee, when your coffee spills the barista could bring some to you because they are nowhere in sight. I thought a dollar tip was good for a cup of coffee, it doesn't guarantee the wifi will work .Absolute joke of a establishment. Entered at 12.30 ordered 2 iced coffees OJ and a water 10mins later no OJ sorry. No issue so far. 5 mins later waitress returns to take food order. 10mins later we have no bacon and all your orders have bacon. What would you like instead... coffees eventually come after 25min wait. 5mins later we have no homefries. Just give us the mains so we can leave. Apologies will comp you a main.. 45mins later food arrives.. 
We can see the cooks all the time while we're waiting and they are not even flustered.. literally don't care. waitress is apologetic but also doesn't care decides to comp us the coffees instead of a main. Shocking!I love this place for its coffeeshop feel without being a coffee shop. It's a great place to study with high ceilings and giant windows so it feels spacious without having that much square footage. Their internet is fast and they have a little bar for those of us who like to occasionally stand and study. 
While the service is a little slow, it's not ridiculous and most of the baristas are very friendly. I haven't had a negative experience here yet. 
The food is delicious. They have omelettes and toast related things, and soups along with their coffees and teas so I can literally be here all day as long as it's not too busy and never have to leave. I'm a fan of the veggie chili and their occasional wrap, but still have to try more off the menu.I won't rate the coffee itself since my company roasts some but they brew it right, they really know how to pull a great shot of espresso! The food is exemplary, and the service is always with a smile. Great shop, i always stop in when I am in the neighborhood.I generally don't review places but I came in this morning after a workout and was greeted by a very unfriendly barista who barely greeted me when I waked in. While I understand you might hate your hourly coffee shop job, generally if you're a coffee shop you should be a little more friendly to customers.Good food but THE WORST service I have ever received. Took 55 minutes to get water (after asking  4 times). Such a production to even pay. Horrible horrible horrible.Even though my side of home fries were delicious, they were NOT worth the $4 price tag- it was so small! The place is clean, offers a variety of loose teas, but overpriced. The service was a bit slow, my friend and I were standing there for some time before being acknowledged with a,"hello."Toast is a shockingly good breakfast place.  Their sandwich board outside always seems to be advertising tea or desserts, but breakfast or brunch is really where it's at.
On the low end, they do restaurant-quality egg sandwiches at food truck prices.
The rest of the menu is quite small, but I think it was designed by some sort of restaurant-managing genius, because every item I've tried is basically the best I've ever eaten.
Wilted greens egg toast?  The plate is beautifully and deliciously covered with greens and mushrooms, the homemade muffins are crispy and perfect, and the hollandaise is excellent.  Hummus plate?  I didn't expect much, but it was actually amazing -- the highlight is their salted bagel chips, which are somehow both crunchy and chewy.  And I've never had a better yogurt parfait anywhere: the chewy honey granola is perfect, they use plain Pequea Valley yogurt which is already my favorite, and the thing is just loaded with berries.Really didn't see any vegan items on the menu. Soy milk wasn't even listed as an option on the board. 
I got a decent soy cappuccino but I have had better. I don't need to go here again.Pretty good breakfast. We may have gone when they were a bit busier. They were out of hollandaise with their eggs Benedict but the food was tasty regardless.I have lived and brunched in Philly for the past 4 years and have gone a handful of times to Toast so I feel comfortable posting this.
My experiences have overall been very mediocre. I usually go here if I want something a step up from Starbucks but not as expensive as the nicer places near by. My food is certainly tasty but the service is dismal. The expensive coffee is nothing special.
My last experience two days ago is what prompted the review....
On a moderately busy Sunday (nothing unmanageable), my family and I entered looking for a bite. From past experience I knew that during the week you can seat yourself but on the weekend they prefer to seat you. I stood there awkwardly for almost 5 min waiting to be seated with all the waitresses buzzing about without being approached. When I asked the girl behind the counter if I could sit down she said a waitress would help me...that never happened. Meanwhile a table of 4 had been open this whole time so I helped myself to it (there was no one waiting and there were many vacant seats inside) It was un-bused so I had to take care of that as well. I also had to go get my own menus for my family since we were left on our own for 15 min.
Our orders were finally taken. When I requested my eggs be scrambled for my egg sandwich (which I had done during a Wed there a week prior) I was told they could not since the cook will only make fried and poached gags that day. Nothing else. Seriously?
Meanwhile the special of the day is a steak & egg breakfast burrito, in which clearly the eggs are scrambled.....so I decided to order that instead. But I requested no cheese given a personal intolerance. The waitress clearly took note of this since she asked if it was all dairy or not. However, my burrito came back filled with cheese.
After sending it back, a new waitress came over and told me it would be 15 min to get my fixed order. Really? For the special of the day? Which no one else was even ordering in the restaurant so there should have been plenty. Almost a dozen people got their food served to them before my new order came out, so clearly the chef had no urge to fix his previous mistake and give me an expedited order....like every other restaurant on earth does.
It definitely took 15 min. Tasted good, nothing special. Especially with the residual bitterness I was experiencing give that my entire family had finished eating by the time I was served.
I don't think I will be heading back here any time soon. Go to Mixto around the corner on Pine or to Green Eggs on 13th. Better service and better food.I absolutely love Toast.  I live by a ton of coffee shops/brunch places and Toast is my favorite.  Very friendly staff, best cup of coffee in the area, and incredible bacon, egg, and cheese croissants.  A little on the pricey side, but you get what you pay for.Terrible service, many menu options not available, very long wait time when we eventually found food we could order.Horrendous. We went for brunch on a Saturday. Something had caught on fire in the kitchen when we arrived and you could still see and smell the smoke by the time we left. It took them an hour and a half to deliver our two dishes- an over easy egg sandwich, and a portobello mushroom eggs benedict. The egg in the sandwich was so hard it was chalky, and the English muffin was untoasted and the portobello mushroom was substituted with sliced white sautéed mushrooms. Save yourself the misery.My husband and I came in over the weekend and were in a hurry for a quick breakfast. They were accommodating and got our food out quickly. The fresh orange juice is a great way to start the morning. We each had the poached egg platter. The perfectly poached eggs were placed on English muffin and surrounded by a lightly dressed salad and in my case avocado and roasted tomato. It was an absolutely delicious and nutritious way to start our morning. I highly recommend this restaurant.Love to support the little guys if I can instead of the franchise places. Stopped in, ordered small regular coffee and a mocha for my girlfriend. Coffee was burned or something and tasted like was from the day before, mocha also tasted totally burned with barely any taste of chocolate or milk. We both threw them away a block later with half left. Hate to say, but should've gone to Starbucks like we started too instead of drinking this crap.5 stars for the avocado toast! Seriously, all of the breakfast dishes (which you can eat all day) are phenomenal. Their bread and toast (duh) is always on point.
However for coffee drinks, they're pretty hit or miss. 80% of the time, the wait staff and baristas just seem very confused.It was a beautiful afternoon to grab lunch on a Friday. 
It was 94F outside so the Homemade Iced Chai Latte felt so delicious!
The food came at a timely matter and it was artistically placed on the dish.
It has a tint of herbal and caffeine was mixed well.
The Smoked Salmon Poached Eggs on english muffin with side salad was light and refreshing in taste. The english muffin tasted very yummy.
It didn't feel greasy or oily. 
Just call before coming here because they do close early sometimes.Very weird atmosphere - huge TV on in the background, no music, some people doing work some eating brunch. One guy working the coffee bar and brunch rush. Food was bland and cold. No non dairy "milk" options for coffee. Would never come back.never again
i wanted to like this place but the service was awkward. they took a while to even acknowledge that i was there.  i got the omlette of the day NOT worth the price. i cant believe it didnt come with TOAST given that the name of the place is toast.  
such a shame since its so close to my jobI really liked the vibe when we first arrived, and then reality set in. After seating ourselves we had the pleasure of waiting fifteen minutes for two cups of coffee (it wasn't wildly busy). We placed our breakfast orders and awaited their arrival by watching one of the servers play on his phone. Our food was brought to us in to-go containers, and we made the mistake of asking for our meals to be placed on plates. Ten minutes later our waitress returned with cold food. I returned mine and decided I didn't want to bother with anything else, and my friend had hers remade. The waitress was very unapologetic and didn't seem overly concerned about the situation.Yum! Really great food and great service! Came quickly and we were only there for 45 minutes at most! 100% recommend it, especially in the morning when it's sunny, bright and no ones there!I'm giving these guys 4 stars, but really it's a 3.5.  Ate brunch with my boyfriend yesterday and was overall super happy with everything, although there were some blips they could work out to be full 5-star material.  First, I was served my delicious hot coffee in a cute mug - with no milk or sugar or even a spoon.  I had to carefully carry the hot mug over to the milk/sugar station across the room (it is a small room, so that's good), and then hunt for a clean spoon since there were none available at the station.  If you're serving sit-down brunch, your patrons should be able to remain sitting while prepping their coffee.
The food was also really good, but also not consistently awesome across the board.  My boyfriend had the smoked salmon with poached eggs and hollandaise on their homemade English muffins.  It was amazing 0 the hollandaise was just the right amount of lemony and thin to feel refreshing, not gloopy and fatty.  His English muffin was also tender and delicious.
My dish, on the other hand, had a very hard English muffin, on which some slices of a less-than-good avocado were perched atop sprouts and then topped with poached eggs and a side of roasted tomatoes.  The tomatoes were bomb and the eggs and sprouts were fine, but the avocado sucked.  They even had the black strings in them - that's just not a good avocado. This whole dish would have been 10 times more delicious with pesto, so hopefully they read this and add it :)
It seems like some of the staff were new and there's definitely potential to improve the little inconsistencies at Toast.  I'll definitely go back next time I'm in Philly.This is a really nice place to get hot chocolate if you are near 12th and spruce. It's fast and convenient and affordable. I come here a lot since my brother apartment is close to it, it's the next building to it. So far I've tried their hot chocolate which nine times out of ten I would get instead of coffee, I've seen their food menu but haven't tried anything yet the only i tried was a small macaroon which is very good so airy and very tasty.Toast, you're killing me. I've tried many times to like this place since I live so close to it, but its just one disappointment after another. The prices are just oddly absurd. I got a small coffee and a tiny muffin (about 1-2 inches in diameter) and it came out to almost $6! Not to mention the muffin had absolutely no flavor to it and was kind of stale. I hate to feel such regret after making a purchase but it's happened a few times at Toast now. They only get my business out of convenience when the weather is too gross to go somewhere farther.Cute little neighborhood spot for catching up with a friend or doing some work/people-watch/read. It's pretty quiet so it's a nice little spot for studying. They gave a heap of smashed avocado on my avocado toast - that alone is worth 5 stars. 4 stars because it used to be a chill cafe where I could study all day with good food and coffee. Now it's something that's not exactly a restaurant, not exactly a cafe, kind of confusing place during the weekend. The staff are super nice and their tea selection goes beyond just black and green tea. Their coffee is pretty good, and food in general is pretty good. The portion pretty substantial for the low price - I mean low compared to other brunch spots and even starbucks! 
Recommend: avocado toast! If you like spicy, ask for extra red chili flakes! Also it's very lightly salted, which I prefer but if you are the kind of person who throws in extra salt on fries, you should ask for more seasoning.Literally NEVER open when their signs and website says they are supposed to be and even when they are open 9 times out of ten they have closed the grill for the day so you can't order any food. Terrible service as wellWhat a cute little brunch place! We had outdoor seating on a not-so-crowded street and the poached eggs were super yummy. Minus one star only because we substituted the side salad with fruit and was charged $5 with no prior warning. It was a large and fresh fruit platter though. Will definitely come again!Walked over from Jefferson with a friend one afternoon. Located on an historic food corner (previously Yolo, Odd fellows,  Duck Soup,  Hasty Tasty,  Neli Deli,  etc.) Upon entering there were dirty dishes and buzzing flies left on the side counter where napkins,  milk and cream etc is provided. It wasn't clear if they take orders at front counter or table.  We were the only unseated customers at that point.  When we asked, we were instructed to sit down. Twenty minutes later no one took our order and we noticed other people that came in after us,  ordered at counter and some already received their food.  So we got up and lined up at the counter.  Lots of enticing items listed on the chalkboard - - many either "out" or only offered for dinner.  We both ordered Toast burger lunch special ($9 each) and I ordered a green tea ($2.75 for large).  Special came with a poorly dressed side salad consisting solely of lettuce and spinach leaves. 
I didn't receive my tea until after burgers were cooked and delivered,  despite a reminder while waiting.  I used the handle of my knife to stir sugar in the tea because my request for a teaspoon went nowhere.  We asked for burgers to be cooked medium but both were well done and a bit dry.  Very little evidence of cheese on burgers and of course they were prepared on sourdough toast which made them even drier.  The food was just ok,  but the service was truly substandard.  I doubt I'll go back anytime soon.  Maybe they are still learning?really awesome neighborhood cafe. staff is very friendly and helpful. my waiter put me in the best corner spot to do work for a few hours. coffee and food are pretty decent and so are their prices. i will be incorporating this spot into my brunch cycle. really love the soundtrack too--belle & sebastian, modest mouse, lots of shins.Been here a few times. First few times were excellent, however, this past time was so bad that I will probably not go back.  We order the soup, a salad, and the hummus platter to go.  Not only did it take long (we ordered these because we assumed it would be done fast) but the hummus platter is completely different than a previous time I been here, the salad came with no dressing, and the soup barely had any broth.  Not a great experience to say the least.So many great things to say about this place . They are open early!! That's the first draw if you need to get some work done before your day starts. They have great drinks and the food is really good too. Plenty of space sit with huge windows so you can look outside as you work. Perfect ambience with light music that is soothing and not distracting. The staff was incredibly friendly and responsive. Absolutely nothing to complain about I hope this place sticks around for a long time. Oh also they bring your food and drinks to you! So you can order and sit down and set up your work or chat with a friend without having to stand in a line (not that there would be a line because they are so quick).Tasty, quick, kind. Heck, if you're hungry, grab two egg sandwiches for 5 bucks. Nothing in them unless you pay more, but super tasty none the lessI stopped into Toast on my way to work to use my pc  and decided to try  the eggs benedict  as i was hungry and had some time to kill....What a surprise !This was by far the very best EB"'s  I've had in this city so far. They use real baked  ham and have a wonderful salad rather than the usual home fries as the side..  Ive been back many times since then and have not been disappointed yet.  A+
ps - the  english muffins are home made too boot!Excellent food. As with most center city eateries, it can be pretty cramped but they did pretty well in not making it feel not so bad. Unfortunately we were there during a heat wave so it was still a little warm in there, not sure if it's typically warm or not.
Salmon poached eggs were delicious, i only wish there were a tiny bit more hollandaise. Overall was not disappointed.
Avocado poached eggs also amazing. The tomatotoes that come as a side were so deliciously marinated.The coffee is just better hear than all of the options in the area, I now actually walk out of my way to just get my iced lattes here. The food is pretty darn tasty too.Great decor and vibe. Secured wifi. Excellent freshly-queezed OJ. Fantastic eggs Benedict with lox and asparagus. Service could be friendlier. But overall it's still an excellent option for brunch or lunch.
Too bad their air ventilation is poor: every time we went (i.e. dozens) after 45 minutes in the café, our eyes would start itching. And after 60 mins we would have to leave, at which point we would both be smelling like we cooked in their kitchen for a couple of hours. So for this only reason, we've stopped going. Too bad.Great food, lousy service. We had corned beef hash (crispy and tasty, lots of beef) and a build your own omelette. Yum yum yum! Coffee was delicious. Tables are small. Our waitress was clueless, not attuned to people at all. More coffee please. Please. Please. PLEASE!!! She spilled our coffee on us, didn't take our empty plates, took three trips to bring napkins, cream, and ketchup. If you had better waitstaff, you'd be a FIVE STAR place. Fire that young woman!!Do not -- under any circumstances-- come here for brunch. We came in on a Saturday around 11:30am, plenty of open tables, which I suppose should have been enough warning. Anyway, food took a solid hour to arrive, after we finally got to order. And this was for a very standard brunch order. 
Food itself was far below mediocre. Avocado toast was basically store-bought industrial guacamole on cold toast. Fried egg was $2 extra (!). Poached eggs came on un-toasted English muffins right out of a plastic bag, and smoked salmon straight from the plastic package. 
I don't think the bad service and bizarrely long wait was really the wait staff's fault. They were clearly stressed and embarrassed at how slowly the kitchen was working and how nothing seemed to be right. 
As a cafe Toast is OK, but for brunch you're better off staying home, basically no matter what you happen to have in the fridge.So, the food at toast is really good. My favorite on the menu is the chicken avocado wrap. Really fresh and delicious. However, this place is run terribly!! The service sucks and it's a shame because the food was really good. I had more than one bad experience, so I will not be returningCoffee is great and I live close so it's convenient! I've been here a handful of times but only eaten there twice. Their homemade English muffins are delish! I had mine with some jam. I've also had their avocado toast. It's poached eggs on homemade bread and alfalfa sprouts with plenty of avocado on the side. It comes with a side salad as well. It's really good but heavy on the alfalfa sprouts, I took most of them off and it was just fine after that! Their setup is nice, but windows, plenty of seating and even a handful of plugs if you want to do some work, which I appreciate. 
Their service leaves something to be desired though. Weekdays they only have counter service, which is understandable because most people are there to work while they have coffee and probably don't want to be bothered but still, some attention would be nice. I had to find my own utensils etc and the girl at the counter completely forgot that I was the one that was waiting for food, after only a few minutes. 
I'm all for good customer service so that was a little disappointing but I will still go for coffee and pastries. For a neighborhood that has tons of coffee shops this one is pretty good!Solid little tea selection here, plus they carry sip n' glo juices (they are expensive, but good)!  The hours are very convenient, too (Monday to Friday 7-7 and Saturday/Sunday 8-6).  The hummus wrap looked delightful, but sadly, I wasn't hungry enough when I stopped in.  I will definitely be back to try it and will update accordingly!After several attempts at getting my bagel and lox order correct, I've given up. I have a Friday routine, workout, grab a bagel and lox and conquer the world. Since I HAVE to walk past this place everyday, I've tried several times at getting my breakfast just as I like it. This past Friday was the last straw. Stale Everything Bagel, WAY too much cream cheese (who eats that much), it was NOT toasted and the tomatoes has seen better days. Now, I have to walk out of my way on Friday's because after several tries, this place fails me.I've walked past this place a million times. Finally tried it today with my boyfriend. He got a chicken cheesesteak and I got the chicken avocado wrap and loaded potato soup. All delicious! Also got the cafe mocha. The staff was super friendly and polite. Will come here again and again!Excellent coffee and nice sandwiches. Really good for a quick breakfast and relaxing cup of coffee.The bagels are really decent and I'm a New Yorker!The staff at the front desk could be friendlier. Service is bad here but the food is good and the chai tea latte is delicious! They also need better ventilation because I walked out smelling like food.I've never given bad reviews for any restaurant because I like to give them them the benefit of doubt but my experience here has been beyond horrible . 
We came for a nice breakfast and the waitress was condescending when we asked what the specials were for the second time . 
We waited for 55min for our food to be prepared . 
There were multiple tables who came after us and got   their food before us .
After one hour our food still wasn't begun to be prepared . 
We left the restaurant and the waitress apologized but the chefs in the back were saying 'whatever ". 
It's unhighly unprofessional of this establishment.  Hopefully people see this review and have second thoughts before they think of going hereGreat place to grab a breakfast sandwich. Not somewhere I would pick to entertain out-of-town guests for breakfast but has become somewhere I go by myself to grab a quick bite to eat. Gives me more of a cafe/coffee shop vibe than restaurant vibe. However the food is wonderful and very modest in price. They specialize in an assortment of loose teas as well. Last time I was there I had the French toast topped with mixed berries and caramelized bananas- it was so yummy!!!  Inside is very cozy and the staff is friendly and considerate. 
CAUTION: 
if you go here for brunch on the weekend disregard what I said above. Your experience will likely be disappointing. This cafe turns into a "restaurant" (with a waiter/table service) on the weekends. But it doesn't appear management has done a good job preparing staff or organizing for more staff support. It's disorganized, food that's usually great is now brunt or under cooked, and service is painfully slow. the staff also appear stressed and rushed. It's a shame but I still recommend this place during the weekdaysExcellent breakfast spot, with very good coffee, and of course, wonderful toast!In town for a convention. My wife was a little pressed for time, so we were a bit worried about being able to get in and out during the brunch rush. The servers were exceptionally accommodating. The food was delicious. I love the poached egg sandwich with turkey sausage. Normally I'm a strict pork sausage eater, but I let my server talk me into the turkey. I have to admit it was a much more balanced flavor profile, so kudos to her for the suggestion. I will definitely recommend this spot and hope we can come back again while we're in town.Toast was very good for breakfast when you want something hearty but not to filling. There egg toast (pretty much eggs Benedict) is very good and they have it in many different forms. I had the egg toast with avocado and my wife had the one with salmon. I'm not a huge fish guy but she said it was very good.I had a very poor experience here today due to service. I went here for lunch and despite being only half-full it took 20 minutes for anyone to clear our plates and give us a check. The waitress was on her phone messing around for at least 10-15 minutes and didn't even come over to check on the food or refill our empty water glasses. I had to signal over one of the other people working there. 
The hummus wrap I ordered was not well wrapped and was difficult to eat. The veggie chili was ok, but heavy on the tomato. I'd stick to just the coffee here.I never write posts, but this was terrible. They had run out of so much food, there were flies everywhere, it took us an hour to get our food and the orders were wrong and cold. The food had been sitting out and wasn't cooked properly, so we both got sick.This place was extremely unprofessional. We came with a baby on a weekend and made us wait for 45 min only to inform as that out order wasn't even being prepped. Thry refused to tell us when our food was being ready and we finally had to leave as our baby was miserable! On our way out they made us pay for our drinks and were not even apologetic. Furthermore their toilets were disgusting and clogged. 
I definitely don't recommend this place. The chefs clearly weren't intrested in serving us and weren't seem least bothered to making their costumers wait. It ruins your whole day when going out for a weekend break.Good breakfast of poached eggs, bacon,avacado with a small salad. Enjoyable service by funny, smart, pretty,modest, and humble Nicole. We had a good time.I guess the food might've been good. Hard to focus on when you've been waiting an hour and a half for your food. It also wasn't even that busy, almost as if they purposefully made the food slow. I have no idea how else it could've taken this ridiculously long.Was seated right away outside and given a nice view of a garbage can.  We waited 45 minutes and it became very apparent that we were forgotten about. I gave them the benefit of the doubt that we had messed up and we were supposed to order at the counter. When I approached the counter we assured that they had made a mistake and they would be with us very shortly. We waited another 20 minutes and left. We were never even given the chance to look a menu. Food looked ok and prices are reasonable.Finally got to try Toast after passing by many times. It didnt quite live up to my expectations hence the 4 star rating, but it was still nice!
Came for brunch around noon and the place was almost full. The ambience is great - it has a clean yet rustic feel between the white floors/metallic light fixtures contrasting to the wooden tables/chairs. 
We got the hot chocolate and the blue lady black tea. The cups are quite big, hot choc was delicious not overly chocolatey and the was fruity and refreshing. 
We both got the "egg toasts" - avocado and truffled mushroom. I agree with another yelper that the avocado could have been fresher and the dishes could have used a little flavor (garlic, salt, onions etc) - adding a little hot sauce helped. My boyfriend's poached egg turned out to be a fully cooked egg which was dissapointing because we waited awhile for our order (5-10 minutes to get our drink order in and another 20 for our food). But the salad was surprisingly good - lightly dressed with a good balance of veggies and fruits. Our server was friendly and apologized for the wait a few times.
Overall - the service was a bit slow and the food a bit bland (for my personal taste) but the staff were friendly and the ambience was great. Probably will come back for a drink sometime instead!!This place has a different taste on breakfast and brunch, and I'm a fan. You won't find some of the basics: eggs your way, pancakes... you know what I mean. BUT! you will find a fresh perspective with a fresh ambience, fresh service, fresh food, and a fresh view of the street corner from any seat in the house.
The quirky highlight - the toast theme. Toast takes eggs benedict to different level. It's not that dish smothered in hollandaise. Instead, there are seven varieties called "egg toasts," all $10.50 or less. Still poached eggs sitting on top of english muffin (they're fresh baked on premise), but the toppings vary. 
We ordered the "warm apples" egg toast that came with baked apple, sausage, and white cheddar. Delicious, appropriate and "responsible" portion (read: not so big that you'll feel like junk after), and served with a side salad. Perfect size for E-money.
I had the egg sandwich. Starts at $2.50 and then you pay extra for things like tomato, avocado, cheese, bacon/sausage, etc. Bacon ($1.75), avocado ($2), and smoked gouda ($1) were my choices with their delicious english muffin (couldn't tell you which cheeses are available - smoked gouda was the first i heard and i stopped our server there). Other "toast" choices include white, wheat, baguette, bagel, croissant. 
The sandwich didn't disappoint. Cheese wasn't melted, which let the taste of the smoked gouda really come through. Egg is fried. Add some ketchup and Tapatio hot sauce and you can't go wrong.
Our side of turkey sausage was a-ok, but nothing to get excited about. Curious as to whether they make the sausage or bring it in.
Coffee drinkers can expect a good cup of joe - E-money is super picky about coffee but she gave Toast's warm cup a ringing endorsement. If you prefer tea, like me, then you'll be pleased with the variety. I had ginger mint!
Really enjoyed our breakfast at Toast. Showed up a little after 10am  on a Saturday and we didn't have to wait, a tough thing to come by these days with the brunch craze. I bought their dark chocolate, sea salt brownie when I paid for the bill up at the counter - looks awesome.
Expect to see me back at Toast in a hurry - you should probably follow suit.I want to like this place but the food I got wasn't the best. It's got a great location and laid back environment.Waited an hour and a half for our food to come out but it wasn't even being made yet so we left. The kitchen had so many orders from uber eats/grubhub/caviar that no one in the actual restaurant was getting their food, our waitress was really nice but seem stressed from the whole situation, the manager needs to take a second look at how they're conducting business and figure it outI have been here three times for breakfast & love it.  The poached eggs with sausage, cheddar cheese & dijonnaise is great!  Only downside is it gets hot in there when it is sunny & they do not have shades to keep the sun out of your eyes.I did not eat there, but needed quarters badky to feed my parking meter.  They said that they usually did not do that because they get so many requests.  Well, I appreciate it and told them  that their graciousness would not go unnoticed.  I love win and noticed it's a BYOB.  I got a card and intend to go back with my wife to eat.I am sooo pleased to have Toast in my neighborhood.  After this space went from empty to restaurant to coffeeshop/restaurant to coffeeshop, it is time that a solid cafe took root.  The decor is simple and airy, given the large glass windows facing 12th and Spruce Streets.  I love sitting in on the cushioned window seats lounging on the pillows as I pretend to work and really people watch.  The space is ideal for study, brunch with friends or grab-and-go coffee. 
The coffee itself is quite tasty and they offer multiple varieties.  They have seasonal drinks and now offer juices and smoothies.  Yum!  Have a coffee and a juice and breakfast is complete.  But if you want something more substantial, choose from their croissants, bagels, brownies or salads and sandwiches.  I personally like the hummus wrap which is full of nutrients and fresh flavors.  Good for morning or evening work sessions.
Lastly, I have to comment that the owners and staff are so friendly and accommodating.  I always have pleasant chats with the baristas, and on my most recent visit noticed the cup holding everyone's loyalty cards (so you don't have to remember to bring it with you)!  Best neighborhood coffee spot!