Very authentic and prices are reasonable. Naomi tofu is made with silken tofu and extra spicy. Soup dumplings are fresh and delicious. Don't be fooled by the location next to the Chinatown bus station, it's amazing food. We get it here every time we visitsFried pork soup dumpling is the best, and the pork pocket is also delicious. Good rendition of mapo tofu and pork with sauce noodles. Bok choy is also really good. Not as refined as some other dim sum gardens but really who cares. The taste is what counts.fast and efficient. the hot and sour soup was spicy and flavorful but too loaded with bamboo shoots (I don't know, maybe that's the authentic version). the Shanghai pork steamed dumplings were incredibly tasty. when you bite into one it literally explodes with juicy flavor in your mouth.We went to eat here after going to Reading Terminal Market.  We ordered the dumplings which was very good and warm.  It was nice and juicy.  I kind of forgot what else we ordered :(  But it was good.  I would definitely recommend.I don't like to write negative reviews but Philadelphia Magazine recently named Tom's soup dumplings Best of Philly, and I think a retort is needed. These XLB are different from the ones previously served at this location,  and have a thin, biteless broth that cannot rival the savory pouches at Dim Sum Garden. The dumpling sauce does nothing to improve the taste, and probably makes it worse. I eat soup dumplings at least once weekly, and cannot in good conscience eat here when DSG is around the corner.A few years ago I found a tiny dim sum shop here while in Philly for work. Back in Philly again and went to go back to the tiny hole in the wall under the bridge and it wasn't there. But in its place was Tom's and this was worth the stop. Pork soup dumplings are a good gauge for a place I haven't been yet and these were great.  Add in the crispy scallion pancake and I had way too much food for just $10. Will have make sure this is on my list when I come back.It was ok.  Its right next to the Wawa and Greyhound bus station.  They had a variety of juicy buns and they had bubble tea.  It actually wasn't cheap.  Each dish was $5-7 for the dim sum.  And they didn't have shumai or beef noodles.  They noted that they were Shanghai style only, no Cantonese.Was in the mood for some Ramen in Philly but i could not find anything. I walked by this place and was like hey let me try. I can say food was excellent. I had the for appertizer shrimp dumpling...perfect. The food came out quick, shrimp fried rice and scallion pancakes. I recommend trying.  The staff was great.Wow - when you first get in there is a huge line, but it moves very quickly. The food was AMAZING though the resturant is load and crowded. Was such a fun night out. I would recomend bringing friends to share the food with.
Reminder: this place does not have carts - you do arder of the menu.
Best items: bok choy, soup dumplings, moon cakesWe ordered takeout dim sum this week. It's great! The prices were very reasonable and the dim sum was pretty good for those prices. It's not the most flavorful we've had, but definitely better than your average chinese food, and the prices/selection put it as a must try.
I recommend any noodle or noodle soup dish with their handmade noodles (so good) and the scallion pancakes as must gets.Service was excellent.  Dumplings with soup inside?  Try them...you will love them.  We also had shrimp dim sum and scallion pancakes.  We each had a bowl of soup, one beef and one chicken.  We were stuffed and couldn't finish all the soup.  The broth was just right.  Didn't need to add a thing.  Added the ginger sauce to the scallion pancakes and then went from excellent to brilliant.   We will definitely eat here again if we return to Philly.This is a little place tucked underneath the hotel and is often overlooked. I find their soup dumplings so, so good. My girlfriend and I usually share two orders of dumplings and a scallion pancake for a quick lunch before walking around. This place is a bit cheaper than Dim Sum Garden, and no quality is lost.
The decor is really nice as it is still relatively new and definitely clean. It is really comfortable in their, but it doesn't get much natural light because of its location - not that it matters much. They aren't usually busy, but I hope they will because the quality of the food and decor deserves it.As much as I wanted to love this place, the food I got tasted pretty average. Shrimp and broccoli was just ok. Though to be fair, that dish isn't too inspired and there's probably only so much you can do with it. Shanghai pan-fried buns were ok too, but the meat was a bit too saucy for my preferences. It's one of my favorite foods, so I'm familiar with how they're traditionally made. I would definitely come back sometime, but try out their other menu items, like the soup dumplings.First impressions were a little unnerving: the seating area consists of about 7-8 tables with an unusual fro-yo section in front of the counter. I ordered a bubble tea to start off and I have to say, not good. While I got a traditional milk bubble tea with pearls, I saw the man behind the counter putting the powdered base into the plastic container. The taste was similar: chalky and unappealing. So sad because milk bubble tea is one of my most favorite beverages and it is so easy to make.
I ordered the sesame seed chicken for dinner. My friends gushed on the soup but the chicks was quite sweet. The rice tasted like minute rice, right out of the microwave. 
Not a bad experience. I was filled up and took respite from the cold. But it could be better.- TIP:  Soup dumplings. Scallion Pancakes.  
- CON:  Everything else is fine; I wish they didn't have so much other dishes on the menu and instead would be focused on more dim sum.  Would love to see BBQ Pork Buns or Egg Tarts.
- BOTTOM LINE:   Great Dim Sum, although limited selection.  Too much everything else.  But absolutely excellent value (we were all stuffed for less than $10/pp)This was an ok dim sum place. Can't compare to Dim sum garden tho. The service was good, although they should hire somebody with better English. This "blonde" hair kid couldn't explain to us what is the beef pancakes is. The place do have a nice decor. Bathroom was very clean. Might come back to try other dishes, but def not dim sum. Their crystal shrimp, chicken dumplings n Pork n chives dumplings are small size(I don't know why). Their price is affordable. If you're looking for a good soup dumplings, then Dim sum garden is your place. If you're already in love w/ that place, I'd say stay thereThought I try something new while in philly and stumbled into this restaurant.  It appeared to be authentic and from my lack of knowledge, I believe it was.  And if so, I'm not a fan of authentic Chinese food :-( 
the portions were big but no flavor in the seafood rice noodle bowl.  The dish dumplings were good.  The price is very good for what I got.  Two items in good portions for $15.  
Service was good even with the language barrier.  I would try again, but I would ask for their opinion on a dish to try.  It was a good experience.I always walk by this restaurant so I decided to try them out last night. I ordered shrimp in garlic sauce with white rice along with an order of spring rolls. The food was just ok..nothing special about it. The shrimps were big but all of the vegetables took away from the dish. The spring rolls were bland and very small for the price. I may give them another shot and try a different dish. Hopefully the food is more flavorful next time.The resto is pretty new and cozy but not the food
Portion are too small 
The people who work there are nice
But it won't make me comeback again
Taste so so...sorry
Usually if I'm hungry everything taste better but when you know how to cook 
You know which good food good cooked
I spent $30 bucks 
I can get good food on other Chinese resto around Chinatown 
Once again Yelp and the picture manipulated me made me want to try!
Tom's and Dim sum garden are no different not a fan.
Lots of white peoples eating in meaning the place is good(new,clean,decorations),about the taste well..not so much.
But if you want to know good asian food,you must see the place full of asian eating in it means Asian approved and the food taste good lol...Talk about turning your stomach, literally. I almost barfed because the mystery meat puffs were greasy as all get out. The shrimp fried rice seemed to be already cooked rice and eggs and they just added shrimp that they cooked for two seconds. None of my party (even the ones who are a part of the culture) enjoyed this restaurant. I would never return.We looked for a good place to eat while we were at the Liberty bell. This was a bit of a walk in hot weather, but well worth it! The Dim Sum was delicious! I didn't write down what we had, but one was chicken dumplings, one was Shanghai Shumai, and I think the other was a vegetable dumpling. They were all delicious!. The food came out quickly, and our servers were very attentive. When the check came, I was quite surprised at how small the check was! I wish we lived close to here, so I could eat here often!What I got was gross. "Handmade" vegetable stir fried noodles, added fried tofu. The portion was small but plenty filling. But overall the dish was soggy, oily, and salty. The fried tofu was thin and dark brown. I wouldn't go back.After leaving a 2-star review for Tom's. I am constantly being attacked by one Yelp's user named Jiawei. I am making an assumption that he is related to Tom's because he has only left one Yelp review so far from his account and It was for Tom's. All the comments he left for me were offensive (profanity, etc.) This kind of customer service is absolutely unacceptable. Never again.This place is horrible. The dim sum tastes like gum. I have been to Dim Sum Garden so many times and decided since this place had good reviews, I would try it. Horrible mistake. The scallion pancakes were covered in grease, the vegetable dumplings fell apart, the shrimp dumplings had a texture of rubber...need I say more. Never coming here again.The pork soup dumpling is AWESOME!!!! you have to try it here. It is the best that I have ever had. The spicy chicken however was not ok. It was too dry and not spicy at all. We asked for extra spicy but it was not at all spicy. The service was good and the food came fast too.Silly me. I thought I was ordering delivery from Dim Sum Garden, but apparently I ordered delivery from the Original Dim Sum Garden. With all the hype about Dim Sum Garden, I was super excited to try it. Luckily, I've never eaten at either location before so therefore no comparisons or disappointment was needed. 
I ended up with some pretty yummy Chinese food. My hubby and I went to town and ordered the hot & spicy soup, chili cabbage shredded pork soup, Pork with Sauce Noodle, the chives & pork dumplings and finally the scallion pancake. 
I didn't love the soups. This was my first foray into both hot & spicy and chili cabbage shredded pork so it was probably more a personal preference thing. The hot & spicy soup was thick with egg, tofu and noticeable peppers. I found it hard to eat after a while. The shredded pork soup was a broth that just got boring to eat after a while. You live, you learn.
On the other hand, the rest of the order rocked! This was hands down the best scallion pancake I've ever had. It was kind of greasy, but in a good way. It was soft and full of scallion with each bite. The pepper dipping sauce was a killer edition. The chive and pork dumplings were also really great. There was an option for steamed or fried so we went with steamed. While they were still technically small dumplings, they were pretty stuffed and not tiny. There were 10 to an order for about $6.00 which I thought was a good deal. 
The star of the show was the Pork with Sauce Noodle. We opted for the hand-made noodles and declined the option soup. I've had similar dishes but nothing exactly like it. It was really flavorful and tasty. 
Next time I'd probably give them a try in person though. The $5.99 Grubhub delivery fee was a little steep. The food was pretty inexpensive so that could have gone to an entire extra item. 
So I didn't eat from the restaurant I wanted, but I ended up with another good option in ChinatownThis place was nearby the Philadelphia convention center. This place was mostly cash only, unless you spend at least $15, then you can use a credit card.
The service was nice and quick. I came here with a large group one night. The next day, I came here for lunch and the owner recognized me from the group in the previous evening.
I've had better dim sum, but for the price and location, you cannot go wrong with them. I'm glad they were open late!Delicious food 
Affordable specially for a college student living on a budget 
Great service !!!!!!!!! very attentiveI struggled to decide between 4-5 stars but went with 4 and I will say that's only because I wish the soup dumplings were better. On the other hand, the pork fried rice was something amazing and my mouth salivates even thinking about it. However they cook it, it baffles me. Truly exceptional. 
We also ordered the fried chicken dumplings (delicious) and pork buns (little dough-y but tasty). 
Highly recommend!The food was great. It was so cold in the place that we had to eat with heavy coats onThis place was sadly overrated. The scallion pancake was the best thing we had but everything else was just too full of meat and wasn't cooked properly. Things were either overdone or goopy.My girlfriend and I ate here because it was across from our hotel. We were very glad we did. Great food, including soup dumplings. Efficient and friendly service. Really good price. Would definitely come back.Oh yeah! Let me say it again, Oh yeah!!!! I finally found the place that I've been looking for. I ordered to have delivered, loved the food SO much. Fresh, hand made, not that frozen stuff that is "eh, okay" but this is made with TLC, and it shows. The dumplings are incredible, all kinds of them, but even the noodle dishes are made by hand and even the staple/standard items like kung pao chicken are delightfully textured and sauced with care. AND THE SOUP, OMG... I've been looking for a place this good for such a long time and it is inexpensive too. Next time I will go there in person. I am so happy to have found this place.We love coming here for a delicious dinner! I'm not crazy about dim sum myself, but if you are, this is definitely the place to get it. They have so many options that you're bound to find at least one if not several that you want to try. We recommend the soup dumplings for sure. I usually get the general tso's chicken. It's really good and fills me up. Other things on the menu taste great too-- appetizers and entrées alike. The service is excellent. We've had big groups several times and we're always well taken care of. We were even given the back room once for a birthday party, and they played a happy birthday song for us. It was so sweet! Side note, the bathrooms are also super clean. 
Overall I love the food at Tom's and have yet to be disappointed after coming here many times. If you're in the area, check it out!I almost don't want to give five stars because I don't want the place to become over crowded, but it would be a betrayal to give anything less. It's probably my favorite restaurant in the city. I enjoy coming at odd hours, between meals, and sitting with hot tea and enjoying some delicious dim sum, offered during their entire open hours, not just lunch time. Of course, the dumplings are amazing (and not just the pork soup ones, ALL the dumplings), but I love the cold noodles and the garlic Chinese broccoli even more.  I try to order one new dish and some old stand-bye every time I go, but my problem has been choosing from so many good options. I also highly recommend the soups on a cold day, take your pick from the noodle soups.I only ate the soup dumplings, so I can only vouch for those. They're about 6 bucks for 8 and super tasty. Probably as good as Din Tai Fung (but I haven't had those in awhile). They steam them fresh for you, so I would probably recommend calling about 5 minutes ahead so they're ready when you get there. The restaurant itself is kinda dingy, so you might want to take out.We've ordered from here now a few times. It took a little while to figure out what our favorite order was. So far, our favorites are the: pan seared beef dumplings, friend pork chive dumplings, and chicken fried rice. The general tsos was so pretty good too!Even with the new look/ remodel of this place. They never disappoint. Their fried rice is so light and never greasy. I ordered pork friend dumplings and they were so good, warm and a lot came with a single order. Drift leg enough for two people or leftovers!!this place has the best soup dumplings! Portion sizes are perfect and flavors are awesome!A guy who works at the Hungry Dumpling place in Queen Village told me he loves Philly's Chinatown and I told him I needed a good place for lunchtoday. Even though he makes (really good) dumplings at HD, he said his fav place is Tom's. So I went today with a friend. I'll definitely be back Tom! We tried the dumplings and an order of stir fried noodles with chicken. Both were great and - shoot - lunch was just $12 for the two of us and we were pretty full. (Finished up with a pastry from KC Pastries a block away and the lunch trip was wonderful.This place looks pretty shady. But if there was ever a spot that played into the whole "looks can be deceiving" thing, this would be the place. This is my go to spot for a quick dumpling meal when I'm either in Philly or traveling - the Greyhound bus station is right around the corner. It's a very simple spot with some tables and chairs set up. No frills. However the food here is amazing and it's so cheap! The soup dumplings are so yummy and come out hot. I tried a few of the other dumplings and shumai here. All worth getting! I think honestly every time I come here whether by myself or with a group I've never really spent more than $15 and I always leave very full and happy.Cannot say enough good things about this place. I have lived in Philly for a year searching for passable General Tso's Chicken. I'm not even that picky, like I'll totally pound Panda Express at the mall. But for whatever reason Philly seems to struggle. NOT AT TOM'S. The general tso's were great, the pork soup dumplings were INCREDIBLE, along with the Beef Chow Fun dish. SUPER cheap too!! The owner is extremely nice and hilarious as well. He asked how we liked the food and when we told him how awesome everything was, he kept thanking us. Because "if you didn't like it, I'd go out of business and my wife would kill me. You saved my life!" He repeated the joke often, and I laughed every single time. GREAT place.Tom's DimSum gets 3.5 stars. The food is good, not great. I'm from Hawaii and my husband is from Northern Virginia so we're used to great dim sum and Chinese Restaurants and waiting in line before the doors open.
- no cart service, everything is made to order. They should consider cart service 
- no line before they opened 
- only a couple of other tables filled after us
- they charged us for a 2nd bowl of rice (2 of us has to share 1 bowl??)
- Fried Shanghai Pork Soup Buns (no real soup, just in the name) and Scallion Pancakes have overrated reviews 
The good stuff!
- Beef with Hot Peppers and Bok Choy is good 
- clean bathrooms 
- real Chinese people 
- TVs so we could watch the OlympicsAfter writing the below, I decided to give Tom's another try. The dumplings were better than i remembered,  and the table sauce sweeter. It's still not Dim Sum Garden, but deserves a better grade.Vegetable Buns!! Should be on an episode of "Best thing I ever ate!". I will return to get these again definitely. Next time I'm ordering more. The place has very friendly staff. Go!Now that's a nice plate of 小笼包 (steamed soup buns). Haven't had anything good for a while but Tom's really saved the day. Although...the vegetable buns are actually stuffed with 韭菜炒蛋 (Chinese chives and eggs) so if you're not a fan...We were a party of ten with kids on a busy Saturday night. Service was good as our plates were served hot and quickly, timed perfectly as the dish before was finished. Highlights were the Scallion Pancakes, Crystal Shrimp dumplings, HK shumai, pan fried noodles with chicken, and the won ton soup broth was so tasty! Everyone left satisfied. Will return and definitely recommend to others.Overall: 5
Service: 5
Food: 5
Restaurant ambiance: non-existent & don't care.
Price: 5
Authentic dim sum. Good rice plates. Great pricing. 2 of us loaded the table with food for $30 total. Can't beat that!Pork Soup Dumplings are way on point. This is the best dim sum we have had in Chinatown. I don't know what happened to dim sum garden, but it's all crae over there right now. Tom's is my go to for dim sum. I roll in on my dolo sometimes too, no awkwardness.Awesome Dim Sum! Hesitant at first bc of location but am so happy I tried this amazing little place! Great Pork Soup dumpling, cucumber salad was banging!My mom and I went late in the evening and was expecting food to be somewhat "old" and just reheated but we were WRONG! As soon as we walked in, we were greeted with a smile and a menu. I told the owner(?) that I wanted food to go and he smiled and said that's fine (small language barrier but not bad). The food, we just got chicken and friend rice to be on the safe side but now I wish we got more food!!! Clean restaurant, clean kitchen and food tastes and is freshly made. Wonderful service and great tasting food. Definitely a hidden gem!Went put to lunch here with a coworker. Nothing to write home about. Just your standard Chinese restaurant. There are quite a number of established dim sum places in the area such as dim sum garden that you should try before coming here.We ordered this through Postmates, hungry on a Friday night. A group of out of towners at a hotel. It took some time to arrive, but it was sooo perfect! Everything was hot and fresh. My favorites were the vegetable dumpling (fried), chicken dumpling (fried), and scallion pancake. The soy sauce had a sweetness to it, that was awesome.
Our group also ordered the Shanghai pork pan fried buns, and veggie bun, which everyone else seemed to enjoy. It was 5 dishes for about $24! Really good and pretty cheap. Highly recommend, especially when you're hungry late at night!Tastes like regular takeout. Portions are okay. Didnt really enjoy it. Also gave us a stomach ache.The first time I went to this place I was skeptical because it is under an overpass and not quite inside of Chinatown; however, the moment I tried the food I was immediately converted into a believer. I have returned countless times and have always found the food to be delicious, the service to be speedy and friendly, and the location to be clean. The scallion pancake is the best scallion pancake you will ever have. The pork soup dumplings are also delicious. The bill is always crazy cheap and I always leave completely satisfied with my dim sum experience.I heard a lot of good things about Tom's, but was underwhelmed with the food here overall. At 9pm on a Friday, there was a line to sit down so be prepared to wait. There are a lot of 4 top tables and not a lot of 2 top ones, so a lot of table space goes to waste with one couple sitting at a table that could fit 4. They would be better off having smaller but more tables. The wait wasn't too bad though. It's byo so make sure you do.
The menu is large and a little overwhelming. We ended up getting pork soup dumplings, scallion pancakes, cucumber salad, pork bun, and shrimp fried rice. The soup dumplings were good, but I wasn't blown away. I've had similar if not better ones at other local dim sum places. The scallion pancakes were crispy and probably the best thing we ate. The pork bun was fine, nothing special but cheap for 1.75/one. The cucumber salad was my least favorite dish. It was gloppy and mushy, full of cucumber seeds. The texture overall was off putting and I was disappointed since I love the cucumber salad at Dim Sum garden and was in the mood for something light and refreshing to go with all the other heavy oily food. The shrimp fried rice was so salty it was almost inedible. 
The place is cheap but the quality just isn't there. I would get the soup dumplings again, but most likely wouldn't come back just for that.Went here just for the xiao long bao! I have to say its pretty good. They have hands down the best sauce to dip it in..its slightly sweet and very delicious. I wish more places offered this sauce. 
Scallion pancakes were also yummy!
Oo also the prices are super cheap. We got two orders of the soup dumplings and a scallion pancake for 16 dollars!I am so happy to see this place reviewed well!  I have eaten the Soup Dumplings on so many occasions, but recently sat down for the full monty.  I LOVE THIS PLACE EVEN MORE!  Super friendly atmosphere, food comes out as it is cooked, incredibly reasonably priced, and absolutely delicious.  Five Stars.We come here quite often to have soup dumplings. And so far loved the place until today. We ordered our regular soup dumplings, and we realized half of it were broken. And when we told them, they said we didn't show them that it was broken prior to eating the dumplings and refused to listen to what we had to say. They made a very big deal if the fact that we didn't show it to them before eating one of the dumplings. The lady and gent who were working were extremely rude and tried to tell us that we were wrong. The lady walked away as I was speaking. 
The manager was kind enough to come and apologize. But we will not be visiting this place again.The food was very good. Highly recommend trying the various dumpling options they have and the shrimp with broccoli was the best I've ever had. Will be going there again while in Philadelphia.We've been here 4 times since they reopened in this location. The food and service was always 5 star. Tonight the food was as good as always. However, the service tonight and public behavior of the owners was bad. 
The man/woman owners were sitting in dining room appearing to be doing bookkeeping. They were oblivious to how disruptive they were to customers nearby from their loud bickering and taking several family phone calls on the LOUD computer speakers.    
The servers were unusually inept. They seemed distracted, lots of whispering and paranoid looks. They left our table dirty after clearing plates.Mediocre dim sum to say the least. Anybody who rates this place well has obviously never come across real dim sum.It's fast and convenient. Takes credit card. The restaurant is very conveniently located next to Reading Terminal, and it's clean and modern-looking. The service is very fast and friendly, and probably the best aspect of this place. Dim sum all the time. 
Scallion pancake: crunchy and you get plenty for the price. I think there were 10 pieces?
Xiaolongbao (pork soup dumplings): very rich and flavorful, but a bit overwhelming too. Whatever the pork broth is, it is tasty the first bite but gets thick and tastes too strong. 
Xiajiao (crystal shrimp dumplings): small and bite-sized. Wasn't super flavorful but wasn't bad either.
Hong Kong-style shumai: solid and very flavorful. 
Overall, solid and affordable experience, but wouldn't go out of my way to come here. Will probably come back in the future if craving dim sum.Very good service, everyone was attentive and pleasant. Had Dim Sun and it was lacking flavor a bit but the shrimp fried rice was pretty good and light.  Family also had sesame chicken wasn't too bad but wasn't great either, little dry. Their steamed pork buns was just a meat pie turned into a bun. No flavor, they should include a sweet pork bun, that would probably do much better. We ordered 4, but only finished 1.Glad I made the stop here. Had several dim sum dishes which were all delicious and flavorful - however the dumpling skims were a little too thick for my personal liking, a hot and sour soup which I typically dislike but it was great here, the seaweed salad was tasty. Would definitely return and encourage anyone to give it a tryI got it to go, should have eaten there, but it was fresh and hot! I will probably go back later this week. Good clean welcoming vibe and good food very reasonably priced, what more could you want at the end of a long travel day?!I've lived in the Philly area for 4.5 years and after having soup dumplings at Din Tai Fung in LA, I was surprised to find that we had soup dumplings in Philly as well!  Back a few years ago when we started going, this location was called "Dim Sum Garden" and the other one on Race Street was called "Dim Sum Garden 2".  We went to DSG2 and I felt the soup dumplings were yummy, but the dumpling skins were a little too thick. Then we went here and found that the soup dumplings were so good, with dumpling skins that were thin and absolutely tasty.  Anytime we're in the area, (as we live in the burbs), we always stop by to pick up some soup dumplings to enjoy.  To the folks that have posted tips from late 2014 til now, this location is not an imposter.  They have changed the name of the Race St location from Dim Sum Garden 2 to Dim Sum Garden, and they have changed the name of this location from Dim Sum Garden to Originial DIm Sum Garden.  My understanding is that they both owned by the same folks. And the food at both locations are soooo yummy.  The Race Street location has the more hip ambience while this location is more basic, but food is excellent.Tom's offers both good and not so good.  The flavor was right on with the pork soup buns, but they were obviously pre-assembled hours before, the skins being dried. These were also served lukewarm.  Great flavor with disappointing execution. 
Shanghai noodles had a nice subtle curry but lacked seasoning.  Another disappointment in execution. 
Scallion pancakes were everything you would want in this item. Decent flavor, cooked through, and not greasy.
Cucumber salad was the best thing we ordered - refreshing subtle flavors, good for a hot day. 
The menu overall (for dim sum) does not offer as many choices as other area dim sum places.  Drink options are pretty limited.
Our table could have been cleaned better before being seated - it was slightly sticky. 
The price point is good. 
Bathrooms were clean.
Given the quality of other dim sum restaurants available in Chinatown, Tom's was a disappointment, mostly due to a lack of seasoning in the food.  It wasn't bad, there are just other, better options nearby for dim sum.Quick cheap eats. We come here at least once a month. Would rather go here for soup dumplings than wait for a seat at a busier restaurant. Also the only soup dumplings that don't rip during delivery. 
Service is great.Go to Tom's! I always go to Dim Sum Garden and felt like trying something different so we headed to Tom's. Ambience is casual and the service is really fast. 
Get the soup dumplings. We ordered the crab and pork ones and they were so good we got another order. I never thought I'd say this, but I prefer Tom's over Dim Sum Garden. They're sooo juicy, flavorful and addictive. 
The crystal shrimp dumplings were packed with shrimp and delicious. The spring rolls were tasty and not greasy at all. The shanghai noodles with pork were delicious, wish we had more. 
Don't let their location under the overpass fool you. We ordered so much food for 3 people and it was only $33. So affordable. Tom's is a must eat!I really don't know enough about dim sum, but the pork dumplings were like a fantastic mcgriddle sandwich.Surprisingly satisfied! As a vegetarian dim sum places are tricky to find truly vegetarian options or even decent vegetarian options. This place exceeded my expectations! There are extensive options that are super delicious! Went for lunch and got the vegetarian bun, vegetarian dumplings and scallion pancakes which I definitely recommend! The complimentary tea they brought was great too! We were too full to try dessert but will try next I come back. The staff is very attentive and quick. Decor is gorgeous and great date spot.The pork soup dumplings were large but very greasy that after two or three I would drain the inside out first before eating them. Also had noodle soup and it was alright. Tasted pretty bland but their noodles are handmade which was nice.
It takes credit card with $15 min, and it's a BYOBMy partner and I had intense MSG reaction from the XLB shanghai soup dumplings right after. We walked out feeling like we were having a heart attack. Tight chests and heart palpitations. I knew it was laden with the heaviness of MSG in the first bite but felt like we should give it a try. I'm used to orange county and san gabriel valley, CA chinese food. I didnt expect Din Tai Fung status dumplings but these were unusually heavy. I've never had XLBs with such thick wraps that I had to leave some of the wrapping dough on the plate.
 They're usually paper thin and I personally prefer the lighter clean broth. The broth was brown and heavy. We also had to ask for ginger and mustard separately. Every dim sum spot I've been to sets them on the table automatically. Also the Har Gow aka shrimp dumplings had hardly any shrimp in it and was all heavy dough. The fried chive and pork dumplings were not crispy and one of the dumplings had a gaping hole (an absolute no no in the dim sum world). Despite all these culinary differences (let's just say this place is just influenced by the overall deep fried heavy philly food culture) the excessive use of MSG is what will make me never go eat at this place again. Flavor shouldnt come from chemical flavor enhancers that is known to give you cancer when used in excess but from quality ingredients and the sazon and skill of the chef.  Obviously the food was dumped with MSG when a few soup dumplings can trigger a reaction that intense. I usually get intense MSG reaction when I've had bad vietnamese Pho which involves eating an entire giant bowl of MSG laden broth not a couple of dumplings. Even if this restaurant serves a more americanized clientele who doesnt know any better about authentic and good asian flavors there are savvy asian clientele that demands higher standards. I hope the restaurant tries to aim to meet the standards of more savvy palates in the community because what you serve represents a part of our ethnic culture that is full of amazing culinary arts that shouldnt be misrepresented or badly represented.Staff were very attentive to us as we entered for a table to accomodate our pram. Seated beautifully. 
Provided Chinese tea and iced water for free, both winners. Tea was perfect  
Tonight we had roast duck on rice, 10 Porto and chive fried dumplings, Chinese broccoli  with no garlic and 4 chicken on sticks. 
Everything was very nice, standout was definitely the dumplings, fresh and delicious. 
This place is cheap but serviced with friendly and courteous staff, highly recommend it. 
Not 5 stars only due to needing to try more food. It's a five now after our second night hereNote: this was formerly called "Original Dim Sum Garden" - and NOT related to the excellent placed called Dim Sum Garden on Race street. Note that "TDS" just opened a week ago (March 2016) so all the other reviews here  are for the old restaurant.
Apparently there was some complicated drama with the owners/partners/proprietors of the two places, and now "Tom" has renovated and expanded and finally gotten rid of the confusing duplicate name issue.
The place looks nicer than it was - let's be honest in the past it was a real sh*thole dump.
The wait staff was confused (bringing the wrong dishes to the wrong tables several times) and it seemed there was some issue with the table behind ours, I saw them dissecting a dumpling/bun and pointing to the menu - it was missing an ingredient perhaps?
A table of Chinese people left quite a bit on their plates and didn't seem overjoyed, but I can't say for sure if there was an issue.
Now to the most important thing - the SOUP DUMPLINGS. Yes, since "Dim Sum Garden" is famous for them, they serve them here too.
My verdict? Ehhh. Maybe 3 out of 5 points. I give DSG a full 5 stars (see my reviews I love that place) and not one place on the East coast has better dumplings, so Tom's were nothing special. The broth was very heavy and dark - it seems they put some soy sauce and even perhaps black vinegar in the broth, which makes them more potent and strong than other places.
We had some steamed shrimp dumplings which were nothing special, and the soups were pretty good. They only have canned sodas, no bubble teas or anything, a giant cooler was empty.
Overall, nothing special in my opinion.I like Tom's a lot, and this review is based on 5+ visits. 
Their veggie-based dishes are consistently above average to excellent. Ask about the seasonal vegetable. Last time I went I got a plate of water spinach stir-fried with garlic, and it was vibrantly green, pungent ,and tender. The eggplant with garlic sauce is a favorite of mine because they manage to get the eggplant silky without being oily. I also love the stir-fried string beans-- they're snappy and toothsome and hot, not the lukewarm, overcooked mush you get at many other places. 
Soup dumplings are, unfortunately, their weak link. They're no more than OK. Usually at least one to an order will have split open... Last time I went there were three bursted dumplings. The titular soup is a bit fatty and rarely makes it to the table fully liquefied.  I'll still eat them happily ('cause, whatever, they're soup dumplings), but they're not as good as the ones at many other places in town. 
Overall, despite their name, Tom's isn't best for dim sum. However, it's delicious and cheap for improved versions of American-Chinese stand-bys like Kung Pao chicken or beef with broccoli, fresh and flavorful vegetable entrees, and generously-portioned noodle soups.What a great place!  I was with family at Philly Auto Show. Usually, walk to Chinatown to eat but kinda cold. Saw Tom's Dim Sum on 11th street. There is another one in Media, Delaware County and figured if this was a good experience would try Media since I'm there frequently.
   Well anyway, sorry didn't take photos but very modern, clean(spotless) place. Tables and a counter facing a large window-though view is city street and people boarding the bus to NYC Chinatown.
  Staff was fast and friendly.  Four of us ordered different things all good, shout out to Crab pork soup dumplings-outstanding!! Prices were very reasonable.
   I got a paper menu when leaving and asked if they were affiliated with Tom's in media, PA and they are.Get the steamed pork dumplings! Delish! Also our friend who doesn't like Chinese food got Sweet and Sour chicken and it was so wonderful!!!!I never actually ate here but I got UberEats from here. They delivered to Saks, amazing! 
Anyways, my colleague & I ordered the regular soup dumplings, pan dried dumoljngs, scallion pancake & the crystal shrimp dumplings. 
Absolutely love the scallion pancake, even after the drive from Chinatown to Saks on City Ave, it was still crispy! 
The soup dumplings & the pan fried dumplings were delicious & there was still plenty of soup in the dumplings! 
As for the crystal shrimp dumplings, not a fan. I'll stick to traditional dim sum for those.I was staying a few blocks away at the Marriott. The food was fresh and delicious! I will definitely be back the next time I'm in Philly.Yes - the soup dumplings rock! When I told our server we had never had them and I wasn't sure what all to order, she encouraged us and helped pick some delicious choices! (AND told us HOW to eat the soup dumplings!). The scallion pancake was to die for and she advised us to use the dumpling sauce which was just yummy! So much food  and so inexpensive! We paid more to park in the garage than our bill!Accidentally came here instead of dim sum garden but pleasantly surprised. They're best item, soup dumplings!! Other stuff is only okWe enjoyed a variety of delicious dumplings.  Service was great, and our waiter was very friendly and helpful to dim sum noobs like us.  We would definitely go here again!Soup dumplings were amazing! The broth was super rich.  Scallion pancake was really good too.  Staff was polite and fast.  Only disappointment was the pork and chive dumplings...they had an off putting fibrous texture to the filling and an overly green vegetable taste that overpowered the pork.Quieter, more attentive service than the new one but...NO TURNIP CAKE!!! Blasphemy.I am so sorry to write a mediocre review but I have to share my experience.
My experience is not so good. My pet peeve is cleanliness
Cockroach was coming from the roof and crawling down the wall. The manager explained is was from the next store that used to be a Wawa.
Still, the table we choose was beside the wall that was dirty and we decided to move to the center table.
I used the restroom which also needs a good wash down. The wooden tables holding cleaning fluids was dirty and the overall cleanliness is poor. I could see the drainage outlet that was greasy. The door had graffiti from the inside that looks like a dirty truck stops.
Sorry guys. The food was not to rave about. I ordered Beef fried rice and for $7.75 was not a bargain in quality and quantity.
They server was nice and the manager was nice too. But that does not make up for the restaurant short comings.
They need a major renovation.Phenomenal food. I was attracted by the many Yelp reviews and the fact that Tom himself replies to many of them. As he has said, not everything is for everyone, but we tried about 8 different dishes and all were fantastic. Soup dumplings in particular. I had the opportunity to chat with Tom - you can always tell an owner by the care he takes, and example he sets. Obviously takes lot of pride in the food.I really wanted to love this place-- authentic Shanghainese food, really friendly owners, and very reasonable prices, but unfortunately I was not very impressed with the flavor of the pan-fried pork buns (sheng jian bao) or steamed pork buns (bao zi). 
The bao zi were actually frozen, which was very disappointing that they don't make it fresh, but the pan fried buns were made fresh (it took roughly fifteen minutes, which was fine with me). That being said, there wasn't too much pork or soup within to really stand out, so I ended up tasting more dough than anything else. The bottoms of the buns were very crisp like you'd want, but it was very oily as well. 
Maybe I should have just gone with the XLB, but it's so hard to find anyone who sells pan fried pork buns with soup, so I couldn't resist. It's worth the visit to chat with the owners and enjoy authentic shanghai cuisine, but I suppose you should try the XLB or other dim sum items.YUM. Soup dumplings are fantastic. Shrimp skewers...so good. Really enjoyed this place and will be back.Their soup dumpling is quite good both the pork and the crab pork ones. 
Pan fried dumpling didn't taste good. Too much soy sauce in the pork.
However, their service is below average. They mixed up my order and let me waited more than 30 minutes for my soup dumpling.The noodles soup was good, not great. The pork bun and sea food dish tasted old. Sad. I wanted to like this place.I love this place. I go here for the soup dumplings, of course, but their other dishes are great! It doesn't matter if you get a traditional dish like their mappa tofu or an Americanized dish like General Tso's, it's always so well made.Overall: 4.00
Food (flavor, presentation, portion) : 3
Service (the frequency of waiter/waitress, the speed of the delivery for food, the treatment of guests) : 5
Ambience (the view, the location, the interior atmosphere and relevance to food, any theme etc) : 3
Price (the portion size and price comparison, comparison of prices compared to other similar restaurant, the total of dishes and overall price etc) : 5
I went on a business trips with my seniors and are staying in the Hilton Garden across the street from the place. We loved the convenience of the location.
Food: The food that we ordered were as followed
-chingong(I'm sorry I butchered the spelling) chicken is supposed to spicy and then sauteed in spicy chili peppercorn, Szechwan peppers and garlic. The dish was not spicy compared to others I have tried. 
-steamed chicken dumpling: meaty and flavorful!
-roasted duck noodle soup with handmade soup. The duck was flavourful and gamy, the noodle was fresh, tendered and chewy and the broth was okay.
-chicken in chili oil: this is a cold dish and it was okay. My least favorite of what I had ordered. 
-scallion pancake: crispy and delicious
-  Edamame: not applicable because its cooked like other places I've been at
-braised spareribs: my senior ordered this and said it was juicy and tendered
-shrimp fried rice: my senior ordered this and said it was too oily even though we had requested it to be cooked in less oil
-Chicken on a stick: delicious and would recommend
-pork soup dumpling: my senior ordered this and said it was juicy and best they've had (I don't eat pork or beef) 
-singapore noodles or Shanghai noodles: delicious! As mentioned by other eater :)
Overall for food: I gave a 4 because the food was good in totality and each dish was hit or miss, portion size were good, presentation okay. 
Service: the waitress explained the food and was very accommodating with our orders, she was quick to bring the food out and came around quicklt for refills.
Ambience: the restaurant is located across the street from the Hilton garden, the interior is okay. It is dimly lit and would benefit with some lighting and upgrade in colors . The place reminds me of a karaoke lounge. I recommend add more lights and adjusting the light according to the light outside of the restaurant. 
Price: I ordered 4 dishes and my bill was under 40 plus tip. Price is good for the portion. Similar domain places for the same size pool late will be more expensive. 
Overall, it is a good place to go to for some Chinese food but I don't know if I'd come back to this place. 
Location is convenient and service was fast.I came for the first time with some friends in town who wanted dim sum for dinner. Keeping it short because I don't have too much to elaborate on...
I liked the marinated sliced pork the most, the Shanghai soup dumplings were not bad for Philly, and HK shumai was interesting but is basically sticky rice. I'd probably go somewhere else for dim sum since I've had better.
The rest of the meal I didn't really care for and could have gone without...fried pork & chives dumplings, peking style minced pork noodles ("zhajiangmian", which did not seem authentic to me), beef pancake (the filling felt like it was stuffed in a hard shell), eggplant with garlic sauce (way too oily and heavy), and seaweed salad (kind of plain and boring). 
Not too much to say about the customer service either except for that they were too aggressive with refilling of water...This was the site of my second go at soup dumplings, and I have to say I was disappointed. The little pouches did not deliver the delicate, brothy magic I anticipated. Luckily the spring rolls, scallion pancakes, and seaweed salad salvaged the meal. They were all decent--hard to mess up seaweed salad and the rolls were tiny but tasty. Not the best pancakes I've had, but also not the worst. I was not a fan of the shanghai noodles, which is my friend's default. She reported that most places don't use ginger like Tom's did. I couldn't tell you what set my mouth aflame, but that was the overwhelming sensation I got rather than any particular flavor. 
The staff were very gracious, especially when it came to a couple who just did not seem to give a darn that their toddler was screeching and repeatedly breaking and spilling things. They literally sat there like nothing happened each time, no apology, only moving for someone to clean. The staff handled it without even a hint of grimace. Good job, guys.Went to Tom's Dim Sum with my son and we had a good meal and a nice time. It has just been expanded and remodeled, and they really did a great job with it. We really love the new look. The owners and staff were very friendly and the food was delicious. Tom's is on our restaurant list when we are in town.When Dim Sum Garden had a line out the door, we decided to try the place we've walked by a million times near the convention center. The area can be kind of shady, but Tom's is a diamond in the rough. Our party of 7 was seated with no problem at 6:30 on a Saturday. We shared an assortment of dishes: beef on a stick, fried chicken dumplings, steamed pork soup dumplings, string beans, shrimp dumplings, mix vegetables and pork buns. Everything was delicious. You must use the dumpling sauce it is excellent and enhances the flavor of everything. Staff was efficient and kept our waters filled. BYOB. Great place for groups. This is my new go-to spot for dim sum.Not my favorite,hurts my Chinese tongue.
The food is one level lower than being mediocre.
I am not sure if it's americanized or it's just not authentic at all.
The dumplings tasted like the macrowave one form Chinese supermarket.
The dressing for the cucumber salad tasted wrong as well, like solid vinegar.
And the crystal shrimp one is the one I dislike the most, the wrapping is so thick I just didn't enjoy.
You should just go to a real dim sum place in Chinatown.I ordered delivery from Tom's Dim Sum and was so disappointed.  Their soup dumplings were ok but the shrimp dumplings were inedible.  I tried to force a couple but they had terrible flavor and the flavor they did have was bland.  We also got the beef skewers, which were really good.  I've dined in a couple times in the past and the food wasn't that bad, but stay away from the shumai.  I remember not liking them at all.  Some of their noodle dishes are good though.  There was another time I booked their back room for a large group to come here and they were accommodating except for when it was time to pay the bill.  They were demanding at least a 20% gratuity from everyone.  First, this should have been communicated upon booking the reservation.  Second, I pretty much always tip 20% or more depending on the service, but to demand it from everyone, when the service wasn't even that great is not appropriate.  There are lots of other places in and near Chinatown to go to so I don't think I'll be back.I eat here every time I visit Philadelphia. The food is so delicious. Really it's comfort food. The family/staff are professional and friendly. They make you feel like a welcomed guest in their home.Despite the name, this is definitely NOT the original Dim Sum Garden, but they don't want you to know that. The *real* Dim Sum Garden, the one that earned all the 5-star reviews, used to be in this location, but they moved to Race Street and have a different page on Yelp. This place, the old location, reopened one day under different ownership and continued doing business under the same name as if nothing happened. Can you say copycat? The food isn't terrible... but it's no match for the real place. Until I figured out the switch, I was left wondering why the quality at one of my favorites in town dropped so noticeably. It's a shame, because they're banking on the good name of a completely different place. Do yourself a favor: look up the real Dim Sum Garden and go there instead.I actually accidentally left this review for the other dim sum garden.
My visit was last year in February.
I don't get the hype around this place. I've heard so many friends talk about how great this place is and it's only subpar at best. Food was kinda gross and cold and the dumplings weren't really that good. While their prices were great, the food was not.
I won't ever return. Would rate zero stars if I could!
Not only that but it also made me incredibly sick! I threw up all night and felt rather horrible. Definitely never grabbing food here again...I hate to leave bad reviews. If every aspect of the delivery order wasn't so, serously horrible, I wouldn't do so now. Can't fathom the good (and misleading in my experience,) reviews this place has received. Apart from the unsealed styrofoam containers, both half emptied at the bottom of the bag... the General T chicken tasted mostly like fish paste, the other flavors, apart from the sugar were baffling and off-putting. Garlic chicken, was, well un-garlicky at best. All the vegetables appeared pale sick and desperately overcooked... I'll avoid E24 in future, and remain hugely skeptical of Yelp reviewers in future. I fully get that this is also a Yelp review, so take it as you may...I've been here a couple of times before and after it became Tom's Dimsum. Previously it was known as the original Dimsum Garden and it was a shabby chinese restaurant. The renovations they did to this place are incredible. It makes the place a whole lot cleaner, and even the new staff here are friendlier. I might be a little biased towards this place since I remember the old place just being so dirty (and the workers' attitudes being kind of whatever every time I walked in) but everyone should definitely check this place out. Their soup dumplings are some of the best in the Philadelphia area.Delicious - let's see...we ordered pork soup dumplings, crab pork soup dumplings,  shrimp dumplings, springrolls, beef sticks, and scallion pancakes.  We were a party of three.  I can't say which dish was the best - loved them all.  Plus...place was very clean (we were there at 11:00 when they opened). Fair prices.  Nice and attentive servers.  I'll be back.If you are looking for a traditional dim sum experience, go somewhere else. While the name of the restaurant suggests that you are getting dim sum, such as dumplings and other "dim sum" goodness, the experience I had couldn't have been further from it. We visited the restaurant today after reading Yelp reviews and seeing the Best brunch write-up from Eater. We were instantly disappointed after seeing the menu but decided to try it anyway. The soup dumplings were decent but all other traditional dim sum items fell flat. Shrimp dumplings were the worst I had ever had...not sure if I am too critical but shouldn't shrimp dumplings have shrimps? We likely won't go back again, not for dim sum anyway.I tried this place for the first time with a few friends for dim sum Saturday at noon and was somewhat disappointed. It wasn't too busy as only the tables in the front were occupied but service was fairly slow as it took a waiter 15 minutes after we were seated to bring us water and to ask if we wanted anything to drink. We then ordered the pork soup dumplings, har gao, HK style shumai, and the chicken and corn soup. The food came out in a timely manner, but only to find that the har gao and shumai were cold in the center. We sent them back to kitchen to get them warmed up. When they came back, it wasn't any warmer than when we sent them back the first time. The pork soup dumplings and the chicken and corn soup were good, but it wasn't anything exceptional. At the end of our meal, we stacked our plates and made it quite obvious that we're finished but none of the waiters were in sight. It took us another 20 minutes just to flag someone down to get our check. Overall, the food was only okay and the service could've been better.We loved this accidental find that we made on our way into the Philadelphia Flower Show.
We were very hungry when we were done with the show, and it became apparent quickly that we over-ordered, but the upside was that we had a chance to try several items, all of which I liked.
Our menu for the evening included 
1. Sliced pork. Very tasty, although we were unaware ahead of time that it would be served chilled, so just know that if you order it.
2. Pork soup dumplings. Delicious and there were 8, which would have been plenty for 4 people. I'm still not sure how to eat these properly! These are pretty salty, but good.
3. Steamed pork bun. I will definitely get this again. The outside was soft and the inside was savory. It and another steamed bun arrived much later than the other food, so that might be something to know if it matters to you.
4. Chicken skewers. The indicated portion is 4 pieces. They were massive and meaty and coating on them was delicious.
5. Scallion pancakes. I'd not tried these anywhere else and didn't know what to expect. They were great here and I would order them again. The portion was big and could easily be shared by 4 people as a starter.
6. Steamed vegetable bun. Sadly, I ran out of room to try this, but it looked great.
I'm already looking forward to an excuse to get back to Tom's Dim Sum!Dim Sum all day, but there are also lots of entree options. Highly recommend the scallion pancakes, and sesame ball with red bean filling. Also ordered soup dumplings, green beans, and fried tofu. Everything, especially dim sum items, were reasonably priced.I had no idea my hotel was in Chinatown. Once I found out I was on a mission to find good Dim Sum. Well, the mission was successful. What this restaurant misses in atmosphere it amply makes up for with really tasty food (Shanghai Soup Dumplings to die for)! Add a very friendly staff and really reasonable prices and this is with the gem. Heartily recommended!Placed an order maybe 15 minutes after they opened, and the delivery took over an hour to arrive.  When I tried to call to see about the status of my delivery, I was met with confusion and a lack of any real help or clarification.  This all seems especially inexcusable when I only live a few blocks away.Hallelujah for a delicious soup dumpling joint in Philly.  I love love love this place.  I've even ordered 3 orders of their pork and chive dumplings (frozen) before to cook up at home when I felt the urge for delicious and flavorful dumplings.  I've been here several times and although it's in a sketchy location (let's say, under a highway-type feel with people pissing on the corner), the food is great.  There is no ambience and the tables and chairs are nothin' fancy but the service is extremely fast and they are consistently good.  I'm a big fan of Shanghai Cafe's soup dumplings in Manhattan versus Joe's Shanghai which I find a bit too greasy and I think this place is almost as good as Shanghai Cafe.  There is a large serving of steaming soup in the xiao long bao (pork or crab) and the meat has lots of flavor.  There are no strips of ginger for your dipping sauce here though but that's ok.  A girl can't have everything.  
I've tried other dishes here and they are good as well but I just stick to the dumplings.  I think I may have had the mapo tofu before but it wasn't memorable enough for me to remember it now!  I ordered one of their soups and it was decent (it reminded me of dduk gook for anyone out there familiar with Korean cuisine).  All in all, if you ever take the Chinatown bus or have a mean craving for XLBs, definitely hit up this place.  You used to just order at the front and then sit down and they will bring out your dishes for you, but now they have table wait service.I ordered pork xiaolongbao (8 pcs) and chicken/broccoli on rice. Total $13. Both were delicious. The best xiaolongbao i've had. It was takeout but our hotel was across the street. Must eat xiaolongbao in the restaurant if you're staying far.So I don't give away  stars easily, but this place earns a 4.5. I feel like I've never eaten good dim sum before. Every dish we ordered  (and there were 7 of us sharing all kinds) was excellent. Soup dumplings are a must, steamed and pan fried dumplings are sensational alike. Also try the sweet potatoI never dine in this restaurant, so i dont know how it looks like. 
I was too lazy to come out and decided to order food via uber food. I picked Toms by random. Ordered 3 Xiao Lung Bao, beef fried rice, chicken kungbao, and pork fried dumplings. Total was 51 dolars something.
The food came to my house about 45 minutes later, it still warm. It looks tasty, but the fried rice and chicken kungbao were kind a plain. Dumplings was ok. The most i like is xiao lung bao. Like other review, it was tasty. Even i still prefer Dimsum Garden than this one.
The reason why i give 2 stars is because i got egg shell in one of my xiao lung bao. For that price, i will choose Dimsum GardenThis place is amazing! The food comes out so fast and the pork soup dumplings are perfect. We get the same dishes every-time (the dumplings, bok choy, vegetable stir fry noodles) and it's perfect each time.I don't know who has been giving 4 and 5 stars, they must be Tom's friends and families.  This place definitely is the worse dumpling place in Philly.  If you are in a hurry, you might want to consider this place.  You will get your food within 5minutes everything came out cold (not fresh).  Yes, even the soup dumpling you don't have to worry about burning your mouth.  Pan fried dumplings were cold, soup noodles were cold and no taste.  You better off cooking frozen dumplings at home.My boyfriend and I were in the mood for dim sum for dinner, so we decided to give this place a try. We were seated in a corner by the window, and they gave us good tea. The place was small and not as fancy as Dim Sum Garden, but I prefer their atmosphere.
We ordered 涼拌黃瓜 (cucumbers) to start. The presentation was extremely messy. There were seeds all over the plate, and the chunks were way too large. Not enough surface area to volume, so the sauce ratio wasn't right. I didn't like the hint of sweetness in the sauce, either. We also got 蔥油餅 (scallion pancakes) which were a little on the greasy side, but they were crispy and delicious. We also got 小籠包 (pork soup dumplings), which really hit the spot for me. Note that one of their condiments bottles is labeled "Ginger Sauce," but I'm pretty sure it was vinegar, which goes great with the soup dumplings. We also ordered 魚丸湯 (fish ball soup). It was too salty for my taste, but it included lots of good ingredients like seaweed. Finally, we got 燒賣 (shaomai). I'm not a big fan of these in general--they're so big and filling.
All of this came to a total of about $23. All in all, it made for a good night out.Just come here, get the Tom's special dumpling, and put some vinegar on it. I paired this with an outstanding fishball soup...
It also is a great location from the convention center. Good decor, clean, and very friendly staff.
So good it's outrageous.Tom's never disappoints! This is our go to place for soup dumplings and hands down the best in the city. We've tried other places and they have never even came close to Tom's; especially for the price! You can easily fill two people for around $15 and they are BYOB.Excellent and fast service. My wife and I ordered the beef chow fun, pork and cabbage soup and pork / soup dumplings!!! The food was served fast, hot, fresh and delicious!! Very affordable..
We definitely will stop by again when we are in the area..I grabbed lunch here between work meetings due to the decent reviews and I wasn't overly impressed.  The restaurant was nice enough but the food was reminiscent of a typical take out Chinese spot-on not at all as I expected for the description of traditional Asian cuisineThis is a gem of a place. It has tasty  dumplings, noodle soups and other dishes. The waitresses are very kind and efficient. I always end up in this restaurant whenever I am in Chinatown.Soup dumplings were pretty good. Broth was very flavorful, piping hot (which is how it should be!), and filling was tasty. Like other's have commented though, we had 3 orders and 2/3 had soup dumplings that were leaking. Scallion pancakes were awesome! But if you've been reading reviews you probably already know that :PTypical Chinese food. Not bad but not great. Good price. We ordered the soup dumplings and it was sorta dry and not as "soupy" as the rest. Salted calamari and seafood fried rice were also decent. Flavoring was good and staff was efficient. Would come again but not a must have.BEST authentic Shanghainese food~! 
Although it may not be the greatest location or look the bestest, the quality of the food they provide makes up for it. I have tried their food since they first opened and was sad when they decided to close down and followed them till they reopened again and STILL they have NEVER failed to satisfy my cravings. 
They have the best scallion pancakes, shanghai wontons, and xiaolong baos (soup dumplings) that Philly has to offer. Their prices are affordable and their service is great.
 People talk and things happen. All the speculations about who the real owner is does not really matter. What matters is the taste and satisfaction that is guaranteed once you step into their store.Hadn't been here since it was Dim Sum Garden. Glad we made it back for a visit. Tom's soup sumplings were delicious. I highly recommend the pork and crabmeay version. That broth probably curea all that ails you. Greatly enjoyed the scallion pancakes. Didn't love the cold sliced pork, but it didn't matter. Once I began slurping soup dumplings, that was easily forgotten.This gets a two star rating solely for affordability and fast service. Food was bland for the most part except for the spring rolls (which I asked for two orders of and only got one) and the soup dumplings which were surprisingly soupy and delicious. The two orders of dumplings one shrimp and another shanghai shumai were both lacking flavor and would never get again.It was so good
I went 2 times during my 5 day trip
The soup dumplings and shumai ae extra special!Dim Sum Garden is definitely a hidden gem.
The Good: Not your typical dim sum! The food tastes incredibly fresh and most items are handmade in the kitchen, not shipped in frozen bulk packs from dumpling sweatshops in Mexico or whatever. Try the Xiao Long Bao and other dim sum dishes, you'll taste the difference. DSG's service is exceptional as well -- the servers are attentive and staff members are friendly and accommodating! (They only speak Chinese.) If you're looking for the authentic Chinese experience, look no further.
The Bad: They don't have the cute little carts. Boo.
Apparently they are unrelated to the new Dim Sum Garden which just opened on 10th and Race? Regardless, completely worth going!This place was very good. Xiao Long Bao was just as good as another favorite in China Town. The scallion pancake was probably the best I have had. Not soaked in oil like most places. The shumai was excellent and could very well be my favorite. It was unique and different than the standard shumai you get everywhere else. The Chinese broccoli was a tad too salty and the waitress overheard us and asked if she could fix it. The chef returned and made sure it was perfect. Love a chef that cares about their cooking and comes out to check.Excellent food. Everything was really good, particularly the Dim Sum. Every type of dumpling I tried was excellent. Also the mainstream Chinese food was also high quality as well.The dumplings here is the best! I don't usually eat the soup dumplings, but the soup dumplings here is so good. I can't wait to try everything else they have here. This place is a must try, and its newly renovatedI'm from Vancouver... and my hubby and I were staying across the street at the Hilton from dim sum garden on 11th st. It was late and we were craving Chinese food, so we decided to try dim sum garden out. The place is clean, spacious, and we were able to see the kitchen (which is a bonus, so I could assess how they cooked our food). We had ordered, general tso's chicken, beef brisket, wonton soup, and stir fry Bok choy. Omg!!! Everything was so delicious!! I'm usually very picky about my Chinese food, but I couldn't stop eating! The food portions are huge as well! We also found out that the owner is from the same town as my husband's mom (luo-yang) and he threw in a few scallion pancakes and tea for free! Yay!!! Awesome service, amazing food and great location for out of towners like me. 10/10 stars!I ordered four take out dishes and was disappointed. The General Tao Shrimp was surrounded by old broccoli that was turning yellow. This portion was tiny. The Shanghai Pork Meat steam buns were also small compared to those of other Chinatown restaurants. The Shanghai pan fried buns were not juicy.  The beef stir fried noodle was average.  The overall experience was below expectation.My colleague who's a local brought us here for the awesome xiao long bao. It's not a fancy place but really good and juicy xiao long bao  at a reasonable price. Will definitely come here again the next time I'm in town.Left a bad taste in my mouth: literally - lump of MSG on my tongue - yuck!
Order the special (off menu) cumin noodles with choice of seafood, beef, chicken or vegetables.  Traveling alone and light, made it to the hotel at 8:30pm, was really looking forward to a delicious meal and landed at Tom's around 8:45pm. 
The waitress was a young lady (not Asian) who is extremely unhelpful for some reason. I asked what kind of fish was in the "Fish Fillet Schezhuan Style", and she replied, "Fish fillet". Hmmm... 
I decided on the cumin noodles with seafood AND vegetables. She told me I can't order this, I can only select one item. I explained I was willing to pay more (a girl has to try eat healthier on the road by adding vegetables!), she runs off to discuss with a colleague, and then return to stand bright eyed in front of me, silent.  So can I order seafood and vegetables?  Yes, it would be $13. Fine, yay!
The texture of the noodles is actually great. The flavor of the cumin was really unique. What was horrid was when I bit into the shrimp, A hunk of MSG spread all over my tongue and left this "chemical burn" taste. Yuck. 
I traveled light: two credit cards, hotel room key and ID. It's $15 CC minimum & they don't take AE (paid with Visa). The waitress come to tell me there's no way they can accept my payment. I showed her all I have, and she shrugged her shoulder. Obviously, she's not solution oriented. I bypass her to the counter and spoke with the Asian lady. It's 50 cents more to charge on the Visa. Fine!  It turns out the noodles was only $10.75, not $13. 
Oh, and while I was eating, the staff felt a need to start stacking chairs all around me around 9pm. They close at 10:30pm. Listen to the beats of the chairs!
Totally disappointed. Left a bad taste in my mouth, literally. I need a lemon kale juice cleanse to wash my mouth!Just mediocre.  I had high hopes with such good reviews.  I went for lunch and for $7.50 I got a lot of crunchy rice and ok chicken.  I ate it, but I won't be back anytime soon.  There are so many other places around for much better quality.really REALLY great authentic food. Totally recommend it if you're in Philly! Service is nice and the atmosphere is inviting.Don't let the location fools you. How can anything good located right by the bus station. But Dim Sum garden is super authentic!  The soup dumplings were juicy and well seasoned.  Don't forget to also try the beef noodles. The noodles were freshly home made with perfect texture. The beef noodles were tasty and reminded me of home!Had my first Tom's dim sum experience on cinco de mayo night and it was the best decision. We ordered regular pork soup dim sum, the ones with crab, veggie dumplings and beef dumplings. Everything came out fast, and the food was delicious and fresh!Such a hidden gem! Passing by I feel one wouldn't think such delicious delicacies lay inside. I came here for dim sum brunch around noon with my boyfriend. We was seated immediately, no wait, and the service was very fast!
We got the scallion pancakes, shu mai, soup dumplings, and the walnut shrimp (yes for brunch -- don't judge!). Everything was on point, especially the shu mai. The broccoli that came with the walnut shrimp was bitter, however, and it's usually not supposed to be. Not sure what happened there. The shrimp made up for it though -- whereas some places drown the shrimp in cream to compensate for lack of freshness, this place didn't. Really yummy, and I could taste that it was freshly made. 
The soup dumplings were delicious, as expected. However, one difference my boyfriend noticed was that the skin was slightly thicker than Dim Sum Garden's soup dumplings, but the juice inside was more flavorful. 
Overall, definitely good place for dim sum, and great prices. They accept card which is a plus!Okay, I've seen a lot of straight one star "not original DSG, goto 10th and Race" by people, half of them have just one review so I'm going to ignore that.  I've heard another side of the story, where the woman who runs the 10th and Race operation had half the stake in the company and decided to spin off and do her own restaurant.  To be honest it doesn't make a different to me; if you serve me good food I'm happy, restaurant politics aren't factored in my review!
Unfortunately I might still come off as biased when I say I think the "original" Dim Sum Garden makes better xiaolongbaos (soup dumplings) than the new restaurant, at least of late.  The preparation is of higher quality with the skin being nice and thin, the meat tender, and the liquid plentiful.  Scallion pancakes were solid, just the right amount of greasiness and fried doneness.  I also got a cold duck appetizer which was pretty delicious as well.
I also appreciate the effort to spruce up the interior of the restaurant.  Yes, it's still underneath an overpass that is part of the convention center, but they've replaced the cheap, plastic IKEA tables and chairs with less cheap, wooden but probably still IKEA tables and chairs.  They take credit cards whereas the 10th and Race location does not (at least as of a month ago).
Don't count out this location.  I personally don't care if it's old, new, original or a ripoff ... if somebody were to come up to me and ask for the best soup dumplings in Philadelphia I'd say this restaurant takes the cake [for now].  The only downside is I have to eat more soup dumplings to keep the pulse on both restaurants, poor me :)So...wasn't expecting much.. I figured how good can a restaurant be that is under a building crossway..but I have to say.. it's pretty good.. the staff seems untrained and confused with who takes what table and had three different servers asking us for our order..
I ordered the pork chop over rice and thought it was really good.. it was really tender and cover with sauce...my wife ordered the crab dumplings and was also juicy.. here is the pictures of our half eaten orders.. I wasn't expecting it to be good so I didn't bother with taking the picture first before I ate it..The soup dumpling at this place is awesome! I would have given this place a five-stars, but their practice of adding a gratuity of 20% automatically despite of the party size is inappropriate. In my opinion, if the owner wants to charge everyone 20%, they should at least make sure their waiters/waitresses are doing their jobs. We get zero service there, our drinks weren't refilled, and we have to keep asking for the ginger slices to go with our dumplings.I don't get the praises heaped on this place.  It's overpacked and loud on the inside and frankly the food is bland at best.  The chicken dumplings taste similar to the pork dumplings which bear similar taste to the beef dumplings.  Thank god for shrimp and some hot pepper sauce on the table as I was beginning to question if I had begun to question if I had my sense of taste.  
If I'm being honest, I've have 25 cent packs of ramen noodles that had better flavor.  
Add to this a lax wait staff and no serving of the alcohol and I found this place to be a poor experience in general, certainly not one deserving of 4 stars.  
Disappointing experience really as there were much better options in Chinatown a block away....The food is absolutely delicious, and the service is attentive and pleasant. I still can't get over how good the food was for the price - two people can get VERY full off of $20 worth of food. The only reason I can't give this 5 stars is because the restaurant itself was very basic. Ikea furniture, bright florescent lights. It's basically the best hole-in-the-wall.I travel to Philadelphia regularly, and always visited Dim Sum Garden. I was distraught when it had closed. But it's back, and better than ever. Still the same cheap, delicious food, same sweet lady that always remembers me. The inside is so nice, very classy, yet simple. My must haves: pan fried chicken dumplings, pork fried rice, and my new favorite, spicy sliced potatoes. There are so many options, you won't be disappointed!Visited this place with family last Saturday on July 29th for lunch. It was busy and packed. We got table after about 15 minutes wait. The veg dumplings, chicken lomin, and sweet & sour chicken were good, though the service was prompt, but it made you feel like you quickly finish your food and leave so that next customer could get in. I would not visit this place during peak hours.This place has amazing dumplings. You can not go wrong with their steamed soup pork dumplings. They are so juicy and delicious. The food comes out quick and it is always great. Also, the scallion pancakes are my favorite amongst all others that I have had in University City. I know what you're thinking...alright, what's so great about scallion pancakes? The ones at Dim Sum Garden are layered and are not thin, yet still deliver the flaky texture that is a necessity for scallion pancakes. 
The ambience in there isn't the best and its in desperate need of a revamp, but it doesn't seem to matter too much to me because the food is great.My first time coming here and it will also be my last time.  Food is not great at all.  Got pan fried pork soup dumpling but where is the soup?  Sweet and sour ribs over rice but the ribs had no sweet or sour flavor to it. It was just cook ribs over rice.  Came here on recommendations and the reviews and left disappointed.  One star cause of the service was okay and because I can't give no star.Food is good and the owner, Mr. Tom is so friendly and I felt like I was at home:) Wanna come back here again!!Came in from a long trip on the Greyhound on a muggy day- and this place made me so happy!
Waiter was super patient with me, sat me where I wanted to, and my order came fast.
This place is a family-run joint, love their relaxed and calm atmosphere.
An order of pork soup dumplings was the perfect, not too filling amount for lunch for one person. They were flavorful and served at the perfect temperature so I didn't burn my tongue. And at $6 it's a steal, I know plenty of places that charge $10! After the first bite I was happy to have all 8 to myself :)
I wanted to try their scallion pancakes, but I'm just gonna trust them that they're very good. SO glad I found this place!Are here last night with my son. This restaurant is right across the street from our hotel. So short walk. 
Greeted promptly when entered and seated. They brought us hot tea. 
Big Christmas party in their back room. Maybe 12 people in the main room. 
I have one of those winter colds and needed some hot and sour soup. Theirs is excellent. 
We also had a couple of spring rolls, edamame. The star of the night was their Tom Special Dumpling. Four to an order plenty for sharing.  (Was so good forgot the photo.)
Total bill $23. Food and service excellent. Worth a visit.I'm always on the lookout for different restaurants to try in Chinatown -- my favorite area in Philly for restaurants. When I saw the number of great reviews on Yelp for Tom's Dim Sum, I know I had to check it out. So instead of going to my usual haunts like Sakura Mandarin or Dim Sum Garden, I came here. 
To be fair, I only ate things off of the dim sum menu here. Everything I ordered tasted fine, but was a little bit cold for some reason. The pork soup dumplings were good, but room temperature (although not as good as Dim Sum Garden's). Crystal shrimp dumplings were also tasty -- yet not hot. I think my favorite dish was the scallion pancakes, which were pretty delicious and flakey, but cold.  
I'm not quite sure what went wrong with our food. Overall, we walked out thinking that everything would've tasted a lot better if it were warmer. We were one of the three small groups in the restaurant, so it wasn't even very busy. Basically, I'll come back here again if the other dim sum places in Chinatown are too crowded.Food was good I ordered the basics since it was my first visit.Shrimp fried rice well made,seaweed and egg soup was very good,  and the chicken feet in wine sauce tasty,tip request that they warm them up they tasted better. Was not disappointed food came out quite quickly...great price too...One of the best xiao long bao in town. I have ordered it for take out numerous times and eaten in the restaurant as well. Most things we've ordered have been well prepared. Good service, large space, can get busy on weekends.First time coming to philly and tried the dimsum here since it was next to the bus terminal. Appetizers I ordered was soup dumplings, scallion pancakes (surprisingly not greasy at all) and hong kong shumai. Entree i ordered was general tso chicken, perfectly cooked. Service was A1  Can't wait to come back again! Heard there was a new location in Media, PA. I'll be sure to check that out sooner or later :)My husband and I were recently in Philly for a conference at the convention center and were tired of the food offered at the convention and didn't want to deal with the crowd at Reading Terminal so we walked a block to Tom's Dim Sum. 
We are huge fans of Dim Sum and eat it often. My husband handed me the menu and said "have at". So we had spring rolls, soup dumplings, steamed pork buns,  beef dumplings and scallion pancake with beef. 
The portion sizes for a dim sum menu were quite sizeable. I loved the scallion pancake, but my husband couldn't have any as it also has cilantro in it. The soup dumplings were not so much soupy but were still very tasty. 
We were concerned that it was cash only, but they do accept credit cards (except AMEX).
A nice change of pace from the other options and close to the convention center (and very reasonably priced) gets Tom's Dim Sum 5 stars.What a wonderful place we've discovered in the same location where previous Dim Sum Garden was! (Which BTW was quite awful).
But since this place became Tom's Dim Sum everything changed about it. 
Cozy, clean (even bathrooms), modern and beautifully designed ambiance with a relaxing and pleasant music background. 
Nice, attentive and accommodating to your needs service (which is such a rare find in Chinese restaurants).
Most important is that food is amazingly tasty and freshly done. We had two lunches here in two days we've spent in Philly that's how good it was! The highlight of all of the food was XLB - one of the BEST we've ever had. 
And the value for all of the above is very good too.
We can't wait to come back and have some more of this wonderful food.My favorite Dim Sum place in Philly. Always recommend the soup pork dumplings! And you really can't beat the price!!!Very good service, everyone was attentive and pleasant. Had Dim Sun and it was lacking flavor a bit but the shrimp fried rice was pretty good and light.  Family also had sesame chicken wasn't too bad but wasn't great either, little dry. Their steamed pork buns was just a meat pie turned into a bun. No flavor, they should include a sweet pork bun, that would probably do much better. We ordered 4, but only finished 1. 
We were at your restaurant this past Saturday around 12:30 in the afternoon.Particularly good Dim Sum haven located under a bridge next to a bus terminal. It's like that super famous sushi place in japan thats in a subway. You'd think it would be really gnarly. Its actually dope if you like dumplings and soup. Didn't try any entree's but this blows the knockoff Dim Sum Garden that used to be there out of the water. Price was right.Went here for a late meal on Labor Day holiday. 
In summary: good was great, service was deplorable. 
The food was flavorful, quick to arrive and generous for the price paid. Between two hungry people we ordered the pork soup dumplings (large and plump, good but not outstanding broth), stewed chicken over rice (deliciously tender and juicy, served with baby bok choy), ma po tofu noodles in soup (very good) and Chinese broccoli cooked with garlic (standard, but good and fresh). 
However. The service. Rude and belligerent to the point where I actually thought the server was joking. Unfortunately not. We had difficulties asking about the types of noodles they had (apparently the fact that we didn't know the Chinese names for a flat rice noodles vs vermicelli rice noodles was something we had to decipher for ourselves instead of him just indicating which one we could get, this took maybe five minutes to negotiate with him). 
At the end of our meal we asked for the rest to take home, which they gladly complied with, however when we requested a second plastic fork they refused. I mean, what does a plastic fork cost you, a penny!?! I couldn't believe it. 
Anyway. All up our bill was around $32 including a tip the server didn't really deserve. This was for a huge meal with leftovers. Amazing value, shocking service. If you want a quick snack on the go then it's a good location. Just be prepared for service that's ambivalent at best, straight up rude at worst.I used to frequent this place 4 years ago, when they were just a hole in the wall joint under a bridge. I'm very excited, but not the least bit surprised they have succeeded and expanded.
The food here rivals, if not exceeds the quality in NYC. As someone who has tried soup dumplings all over the world, including China, I will definitely vouch for this place. 
Start with the steamed pork soup dumplings, an absolute must here. You can get them pan fried as well, which are also good but after a few, the oil makes me feel sick.
You won't go wrong with the scallion pancakes or noodle soup dishes either. 
Its cash only which is why I docked a star. On the flip side, that's probably why they are so affordable. If you're looking for good shanghai cuisine in Philly, this place is hard to beat.Some of the classics (e.g. Spicy wontons or bbq pork buns) aren't on the menu but everything on the menu is delicious and fresh. I am in love with the pork noodles. I always come to Tom's when I am in Philly!Service like no other the owner makes your experience so amazing and the food is just amazing a must visit if your ever in Philly makes me feel like am back in ThailandLove their soup dumplings and beef/pork packets. Simply delicious, and everything tastes really fresh. It's cheap too!Credit card above $15 now.
Otherwise, a solid choice for quick take out near the convention center. I got an order of chicken dumplings and shrimp dumplings on the fly by googling "dumplings" and they were ready in 10 minutes with a takeout order.
I would order the chicken again - as you can see here are plenty of large dumplings. However the actual shrimp inside the shrimp ones were sort of small and bland. Thus -1 Star. But the price is right and ready to return for more.Been spying on this spot for a while & decided to go in on a whim since I'd been wanting to try soup dumplings and I was blown away! They weren't small at all and they were packed with flavor. Plus they give you a dish to mix up your own cocktail of sauces for them. Also got the general Tso chicken with white rice which was good too.  Totally coming back!!DIM SUM YUM! Delicious food, no doubt about it! Kind of odd location and the ambiance isn't cozy, but the interior is clean and simple.
Obviously you need to try the pork soup dumplings. Incredible flavor. My one complaint is that the dumplings leaked! Unacceptable in my book, but the quality was still there.
The Chinese broccoli was SO flavorful and fresh, give me all the garlic! 
The Scallion pancakes (while on the greasy side) were flaky and delicious. 
Quick service and inexpensive!We arrived too early to check in to our rooms but was able to leave our bags and go looking for food.  I was already tired from the two airports so I wanted something close but I should have made myself walk the block or two to find something better
The spicy beef  Szechuan had so much oil standing in it we had to blot before trying to eat it.  After I did try it I wished I hadn't, it was horrible.  I'm not one for leaving food on the table but I had no desire to eat it
We did try a few of the dumplings and found we like those so we were at least satisfied enough to go wait for our rooms to be readyTom's is a consistently good, sometimes excellent dim sum spot in a very unassuming location. I've been here many times and while there have been a few misses, it's been mostly hits. The soup dumplings and the chinese broccoli with fresh garlic are standout dishes that have been excellent every time I've visited (there's a reason I order them every time!). The scallion pancakes are very, very good most of the time - I've noticed a little inconsistency from visit to visit but they're worth ordering. All in all, a great place to grab a quick affordable meal and they're BYOB to boot. Definitely one of my favorite places to eat in Philly, and easily my favorite spot in Chinatown.Not really noticable at first from the outside, but the atomsphere inside was good. A great place with decent options to choose from. Had their soup dumpling which tasted decent and the staff made sure my glass was always filled and were friendly.We wanted something close and fast to eat so we crossed the street and went to Tom's. I was pleased to see a lot of people there. Only one or two empty tables. I ordered a scallion pancake and crispy crunchy shrimp. Boyfriend ordered beef and broccoli, beef dumplings, and egg rolls. Everything we ordered was tasty and the shrimp was beautiful. The egg rolls were small but good. Meal was inexpensive. Service was fine. We will return.So far, my experiences here have delivered solid results. The food quality and service have not been mind-blowing, but I also haven't experienced any food poisoning or explosive diarrhea after eating here unlike at a certain other dim sum place that moved a few blocks away from this original location a few years ago.  (Sorry, gotta keep it real) 
The pricing is decent and they open pretty late, which makes it a great stop for a quick snack after a late drop off at the train or bus station nearby. 
While you are not going to unravel the very best of dim sum experiences here, it is a reliable place for all the popular options, like soup dumplings, pork dumplings, shrimp dumplings, HK style shumai, etc...The only thing I'll eat from here is the veggie dumplings. It is absolutely delicious. Today I ordered the sea bass over rice and I was very disappointed. The fish was so slimy and bland. I guess I'll stick to what I know best.Three kinds of dumplings--- steamed chicken and shrimp, pan fried vegetable plus a scallion pancake, all hot, fresh and tasty. Excellent attentive service. Not sure why we had to choose between tea and ice water and I prefer carts to ordering off a menu but the dim sum was very good and the restaurant quite pleasant.Tom made me a special dish of Chinese Broad Noodles fresh from scratch. Absolutely fabulous. Do yourself a favor and don't look at the menu. Just ask for Tom and have him cook for you! If you're not a noodle person, an order of soup dumplings and scallion pancakes is the best in the city.When I go to Dim Sum, I'm going for one reason. Soup dumplings fam. 
With that said, Tom's satisfied that craving. I've had better for sure (Dim Sum Garden) but Tom's was still great and inexpensive. Good place to stop for a quick bite if you're near the convention center.being from nyc, i had high expectations for this place... and they exceeded them! 
i almost wish i could move this place to the city! super quick great service and amazing dim sum.... really not much else to say. make sure you tip these guys they really deserve it.These people know what they are doing when it comes to the Pork Dumpling Soup, Pan Fried Pork Dumplings and Chinese Broccoli with Oyster Sauce. Staff, including owner are friendly, nice, kind and willing to do whatever it takes to serve and please your palate. I have been to many places in the USA for Asian Food and I think that this is one of the best when it comes to freshness and quality. Prices are very reasonable and you should be very happy with speed of service!Tom's Dim Sum and its predecessor Dim Sum Garden represent the two go-to places for soup dumplings in the city. I ever-so-slightly prefer DSG's rendition of xia long bao to Tom's. Tom's soup dumplings taste a little fattier and have less delicate skins. They also have the tendency to congeal more during cooling than their counterparts at DSG, which makes eating them in a timely manner an issue. That being said, the xia long bao at Tom's still taste great and are worth a try. While piping hot, the broth in each thick skinned purse of goodness is rich and addictive, and the dumplings taste revelatory with a hit of vinegar and chili oil to cut the richness.
Tom's also tends to have less of a crowd than Dim Sum Garden, and service thus runs a little more pleasantly here. The other food at Tom's additionally tastes slightly better (and costs a couple bucks less) than the non dim sum offerings at DSG. Perfect fried rice, crazy-flaky scallion pancakes, deliciously chewy handmade noodles stir fried with cumin, and crispy pan fried noodle cakes have all satisfied on the cheap. Another perk is that they take credit cards ($10 minimum), which prevents running to an ATM and incurring a withdrawal fee. As such, when in the mood for soup dumplings and soup dumplings alone, DSG remains my first choice. However, when the craving for other food emerges, Tom's Dim Sum is a more than  worthy alternative for a feast on the cheap.It was ok. Service was decent. The hot and sour soup had a little too much vinegar and soy sauce to my liking. The soup dumplings could have been warmer. It was either too fatty or coagulated still inside the soup dumplings. It wasn't bad if you are looking for something to eat.Returned here again and was surprised at the improvements they have made since my previous visit. Service definitely has improved, the food was about the same, they now have wine glasses for byo wine. The place was fairly crowded while I was in there, as well.Dry, overcooked rice. The general tsos chicken was the driest I've ever had. Sauces were all bland and watery. I also got the soup dumplings and didn't finish them because they had no taste . This whole meal was a waste for meI had to wait for a little longer, but I was the first customer of the day, so it was expected. The service was great, and I was so satisfied with the fish ball soup. I ordered the pork soup dumplings and I was slightly disappointed because it was a little to fatty for me. Everything was great! The next time I come back to Philly, I will have to stop by.Probably the greatest dim sum per order place in philly outstanding flavors. Will be a regular. Cost for three for big lunch? $ 25. Excellent.Each soup dumpling bite is like heaven on earth!! Omg, got the pork dumplings one night on a quick downtown overnight trip. Bought these in conjunction with the flat fried chicken from Cheers Cut and had the best feast!! 
These dumplings were warm (and this was December) and delicious!! Fantastic ginger flavor too. We literally couldn't get enough and we ordered take out and carried them back to the hotel!
Desperately searching for the same thing back home in LA!!
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!  Don't miss it!If you go here and only order scallion pancakes and soup dumplings you will leave really happy, full, and not have spent any money at all... it's awesome. However everything else on the menu is gross (tried the roast duck, mapo tofu, chicken & broccoli, and sesame noodles.. safe to say I gave it a chance) so just go for your soup dumpling fix! 8 dumplings for $6!? It's an amazing deal.this placed promised to deliver our food and canceled after an hour of waiting!!! does not take care of their customers. beware!!!!!!!We had a wonderful experience at Tom's! We were not sure what to order and wanted to try some new dishes so the manager was so helpful and made numerous suggestions for us. Everything was so good and fresh! The flavors were amazing but what assured our return to this restaurant was the atmosphere and attitudes of the employees.This is not your authentic cart rolling dim sum. It's served to order. Place it and they'll bring it out fairly quickly. The dishes are not as vast as other dim sum restaurants in the area.
The venue itself is small, fairly clean. Parking is hard as it is in the middle of philly, so public transport is best. 
Service was good although they are very stingy with napkins. We kept asking for some and they kept bring only one or two at a time for a table of 6 people.
The food was decent, because it is served to order it came out warm. The soy sauce used here was delicious though. It's the sweeter sauce, not the typical salty soy sauce. The dumplings were all tender and cooked well. The fried dumplings not as well cooked. Overcooked/seared the bottom but undercooked the actual dumpling. Prices were a little bit more spendy then other places I've been to. 
I would recommend this place if I'm the area, but end of the day would rather go to the other more authentic venues with the carts and dirt cheap prices like how dim sum is suppose to be.
Happy eating!As an international student from China, the dim sum in this restaurant gave me familiar feelings as I am home. Today, I got the homemade board noodle and scallion pancake. Love it!!I'm sorry to say that this is the worst meal I've had in Chinatown Philadelphia in a long time.   On most Mondays I walk into Chinatown for lunch. I stopped in at Tom's dim sum and was seated at a table. I ordered roast duck over rice and clear soup with pork and mustard greens. The soup and the entrée came at the very same time which is regrettable but not unforgivable. The soup was not very flavorful, The meat that was in it was mystery meat, and the pickle mustard greens were pretty sparse. It was a tiny bowl of soup which is not at all what I normally get for around the same price in any of the restaurants in the area.  I've ordered roast duck over rice in many of the restaurants in Chinatown. Most of the time the duck is fresh with the crunchy skin and succulent meat.  The duck that I was served was a gray-ish brown and was rubbery.  I would think with all the competition in Chinatown this place would serve at least competitive fare.  Never once during the time that I ate there did anyone ask me how my meal was or stop at the table to check if I needed anything. When I was done I asked for the check and when I offered my credit card was told that they did not take credit cards under $15.  All in all there are so many places in Chinatown that are so much better that I will never returnLoved it!  We visited Phili last week and went for dinner.  The service, hospitality, food, flavors and price everything was Awesome.  I highly recommend them.  Don't forget to try the dumplings.The wait was sort of long (20 minutes) for one plate of shengjian bao (pan fried soup dumplings buns) but it was definitely worth it. 
Looking forward to trying the other dishes on my next visitGreat food.  Went after lunch time and it was a lite crowd. Customers service was SPOT ON!!!!  The only downfall (and reason for dropping a star) is that there Sesame Chicken tased like it was ketchup-based.Ah, I'm sorry the rating is so low, but I have a few reasons to support my decision. This review is based on only 1 visit, and i hope that next time i come, i will have a better impression of this resturant.
1. We ordered an 8pc tray of shang hai dumplings and an 8pc tray of crab meat dumplings. The skin for both were very tough and thick, which is typical for frozen dumplings that are reheates. Also, out of the 16 pcs, probably 5-6 were stuck on to each other, which caused them to rip when we were trying to separate them. Again, another sign typically of frozen dumplings. The taste was average, nothing too special. But it was the thick dumpling skin that really is a bit of a disappointment. 
2. We alao ordered a favorite of ours: beef in scalllion pancakes. The scallion pancakes were perfect, but the filling consisted of not only beef, but also perserved mustard greens. The taste was just...off. 
3. I was in a mood for sesame chicken for some reason. So as if the food listed above was not enough, i had order this as well. The sauce was a bit more pungent (a more vinegary taste) than sweet. The chicken itself wasn't very tender either, but a bit hard.
Overall, none of the 4 dishes were what i expected. They just didnt taste good unfortunately. 
I think ill come back next time and other other dishes! Im excited thinking that they probably have much better options. But as of now,  im rating this: 2 stars.