From the pulled pork to the hot peppers to the provolone cheese to the rolls, everything is top notch. The slow cooked pork is seasoned and marinated perfectly. This sandwich is worth the wait if there is a line.  Easily the best sandwich in Reading Terminal Market.The best Italian style pulled pork!  Is you are in the Reading Market, you have to have one!Quick tip: While in line, scout for diners finishing up their meals and ask for their seats. We did that, and were fed within ten minutes.I'm in bandwagon-jumping rather than contrarian mode here. You'll want the roast pork, provolone and greens, an incredibly juicy and flavorful concoction. They have earned huge crowds but do a good job of moving the line quickly.Simply the best sandwich that Philadelphia has to offer. The roast pork sandwich is the cheesesteak's cooler, better looking brother and Tommy DiNic's does it better than anyone. I never return home without hitting their counter in the Terminal.It's about a 15 min wait on a busy sat afternoon for take out.  It's worth the wait. Would suggest to go alone or with one other person and wait for a seat.  Just walk around and see who's finishing up. Eat the  pork sandwich with provolone and broccoli.  Throw in some peppers if you like.This should be on your "100 things to do before you die" list. For less than $10 you will have on of the best sandwiches of your life. I recommend the roast pork with sharp provolone and greens. 
It will be sloppy, juicy, garlicky, served without a smile in a brown paper bag, cardiologist-unapproved, and one of the best sandwiches you will ever eat. 
For out-of-towners: the Reading Terminal Market is a great place to visit for lunch. Scout out a spot to eat before getting in line otherwise you'll have a soggy bag full of pork mess by the time you get a seat. Worth the wait!I can't stop telling my friends about how Dinic's makes the best sandwich I've ever tasted in my life.
Roast pork + sharp provo + broccoli rabe
Not a combination you'd expect but wow, do they go well together. So good that I would go back to Philly JUST for this sandwich. The cheesesteaks have nothing on this!Came here on a Sunday morning. We ordered pork /sharp provolone & hot pepper. Very good quality sandwich. No frills. Meat, peppers, cheese, bread. I think they used a garlic Parmesan spread on the bread. The portion was good and the employees served your food and went about their business. When I'm back in Philly it'll be worth trying another meat option. The bread was good and held up without being too hard.Tommy DiNic's is no joke. I've been to this spot a few times and have very much become a creature of habit. They are known for their roast pork with provolone and broccoli rabe, and there is a dam good reason. It is the ish, times time, times a hundred, times a thousand!
First, the bread they use is perfect. But you soon forget, because the contents are so mouth watering. I get like Cujo and salivate every time one of these bad boys gets popped into my belly.
Reading Terminal has a number of good spots, but this is really The Spot. This is where you need to make a bee line to if you want to take in the best of Reading Terminal. Anything else is selling yourself short of a great experience.Tried a simple pulled pork sammich from here.  Plain Jane - no cheese, no peppers, no sauce...those were extra $.  Man, they stack the meats on nicely!  
But really it should come with BBQ sauce, gravy or something to kick it up because it was a little on the bland and frankly, dry side.I've been waiting to try the famous roast pork with broccoli rabe and shape provolone. Like many, I had heard the hype and was excited to finally try it for myself. Maybe because of all that hype, I was expecting more. I think it's highly overrated. I've had the roast pork with broccoli rabe from Primo Hoagies, a chain, and I think it's better than this. I'll go back, but I'll be trying something else.Great service. Got the roast pork sandwich and the pork was so good. Definitely a quality place and will come again.Located inside Reading Terminal Market, DiNic's offers great service and amazing meat sandwiches! We ordered the ~$10 Roast Pork Sandwich and ~12 Brisket Sandwich with sharp provolone (MUST-ADD) and sweet roasted peppers as toppings. I had the brisket sandwich, and the juicy, tender meat contrasted with the truly sharp provolone created a delicious and unique flavor. I suggest adding ketchup if you want an even better range of delicious flavors in every bite!Highest quality pork sandwich you can get in Philadelphia. The line wraps around the restaurant but you can get through it in 10 minutes. Well worth the wait. As is typical of all Philly sandwiches it's the bread that makes the sandwich, Dinics is no different. Staff are efficient so that your sandwiches ready by the time you make it to the register. This is a quintessential Philadelphia experience that should be taken advantage of when ever the opportunity presents itself.Had to try it after my cousin spotted their sandwich on 'Man vs. Food' and then came visiting. We split a pork carved sandwich with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe.  Garlicky, juicy pork deliciousness.Roast Pork with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe 
Yes, there was a line that wrapped around however they have an efficient system and it moves fast.
Yes, they take CC 
Yes, finding seats can be a bit tough and the sandwich isn't necessarily cheap ($10+)
but yes it was worth it. 
The fresh meat with salty cheese and slightly bitter broccoli rabe all housed in bread with the right amount of chewiness worked wonderfully. Simple/top quality ingredients.3.5? thats maybe a fairer assessment. I wasn't blown away what was offered but its still  good sandwich. The bread is decent but its nothing special or super soft. I wish the meat was a little more moist, but it still does a good job. the peppers can creep up on spiciness after a while, but thats fine. It actually does really well as leftovers surprisingly.The pork sandwich with provolone cheese is delish!  I'm not a fan of the veggies since it was a bit bitter for my taste.  The line can get kind of long but it's worth the wait!Worth the wait in line!! Follow yelp's advice and try the Roasted (sliced) pork sandwich with provolone and greens! I preferred the spinach to the spicy broccoli but both are good. We also tried the pulled pork and it was underwhelming compared to the sliced. Stick with the OG and you will not be disappointed!Ohmyyggaawwwddd, this is hands down the best thing I had in Philly.
When we got to Reading Terminal, I was incredibly stuffed and couldn't imagine eating more. So, we walked around and looked at every single shop to try to work up an appetite. By the time we walked the entire market, Tommy DiNic's had no line and I had the case of FOMO (fear of missing out) so my friend and I shared a roast pork sandwich.
And I am sooooo glad we did - it was delicious! We had roast pork w/ broccoli rabe (no cheese) and it was so perfect in taste and flavor. It didn't taste overly salty or saucey. And in turn, didn't taste super heavy either. I nearly ate the whole half sandwich by myself!
I thought it would be hype because of all the reviews it has but their roast pork sandwich is something I'd eat time and again.This place is awesome! The pulled pork sandwich with green peppers (hot) and the sharp provolone was the philly equivalent of  the Big Easy's muffuletta or Ogunquit's Lobster Roll!!! Quick service, dialed in ordering and the Reading Terminal vibe makes this a GREAT place to eat!Finally got around to trying Tommy DiNic's.  Had the pulled pork with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone.  I liked having the option to have pulled pork for something different.
There were a lot of good things about the sandwich;  Clearly quality ingredients including a good, firm roll, not too wet, pork was really tender.  On the downside there just wasn't a lot of flavor (other than a good garlic hit from the rabe on the first bite).  I ended up putting some horseradish and hot peppers on the second half to keep it interesting.
Solid, you could certainly do worse, but not the best in the city.Really friendly service. Food? Completely underwhelming. I had built this up for sometime before finally having the opportunity to visit. And I just don't get the allure. Kinda dry, underseasoned, could use about twice as much cheese... 
Bummer.Maybe I just don't get it, but this was really not impressive to me.  The pork is flavorless as far as I can tell and the broccoli rabe overpowers everything.  It's basically a broccoli rabe sandwich.  Not a fan, I won't get this again.  Too bad, it looked so promising.Stopped in around 5 pm, not realizing Reading Market shuts down at 6 pm.  Staff seemed more interested in closing.  Had to get the pork since the beef was all out.  Ordered it with provolone and peppers, but only got the peppers, which looked like it was thrown on.  Enjoyed the sandwich and would suggest eating immediately, versus takeout, because it will get soggy.Grabbed a sandwich at the reading market while at a convention across the street.  The pork sandwich was amazing!  Much better than any philly cheese I had while in town.My hubs and I shared a roast pork sandwich with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe. It was just okay. Maybe it was hyped up, but the broccoli rabe was kind of bitter, the pork was tender and juicy but not OMG flavorful. I would rather go to Jim's and get a cheesesteak next time.Amazing roast pork and beef sandwiches that are warm, savory and delicious. The provolone cheese is perfect on top. Mmmm...DiNic's: first let's start by saying that TV does not do this sandwich justice.  All the food network shows always talk about this sandwich as one of the best around.  To test the theory I tried both the sliced pork and sliced beef loaded with provolone, peppers, and broccoli rabe.  
Findings: both sandwiches were beautifully constructed. First they take a crisp roll cut partially through, and they expertly slice sharp provolone cheese between the roll and the meat.  The thinly sliced meat comes next, one employee hand slices the meat old school with a knife and folk.  A very nice portion of wet meat is then applied to the creation.  Finally, they add the broccoli rabe and sweet peppers, cut the creation in half and serve it in a red basket lined with serving paper.  
My final thoughts:  One of the best sandwiches I have ever had.  I do however recommend you spend a little time shopping around for parking.  We spent $26.00 to park for less than 4 hours.  Also, when you order you sandwich ask for it "wet" which means double dipped in the juices prior to serving. Enjoygreat people, food and sandwiches.. quick service, very attentive.. will be back again soon. definitely worth a drive to Philly for their sandwiches.This being my first visit to Philly, I can't tell a good cheese-steak sandwich from a bad one. But, this was a damn good sandwich period!!!This place is bonkers. It is located inside the Reading Terminal Market and the lines for the place can be a bit hectic and long. I went here Saturday around 10AM and noticed no line. Great....i come back here around 2:30 PM and see the lines extending throughout the market. IT was that nuts. I come back by 5PM to see no line but they said they ran out of their roast pork. ..AHHHHHH
Sunday at 10:30 AM i come back to see no line and get 2 roast pork sandwiches with broccoli rab and sharp provolone. OMG for the price, it's great. You get a huge sandwich compared to the price and size you get if you order it from Shorty's in NYC. Unfortunately for me, i didn't eat the sandwich right away so the juices tended to evaporate. It was a bit dry for my taste, so i regret not asking for extra au jus. It was still flavorful just a bit dry. I'm sure if i ate it right away i would have been wow'd . Now i know to go again and go during the off hours of lunch time.A sandwich that is as perfect as it is simple. I went with the roast pork (it seemed to be the most popular) and added provolone and hot peppers. The meat was moist and tender, the peppers added just enough heat and the bread and cheese could not have been a better consistency. One of the best sandwiches I've ever tasted.Really enjoyed the pulled pork with hot peppers. They were nice and spicy and made for good flavor with the pork. Also had the famous pork and broccoli rabe, was caught off guard by how bitter the rabe was. Preferred the pulled pork.Always busy no matter what but for good reason. Roast pork with rabe, peppers and cheese is the best sandwich I have ever had! Everything I go to the market I get it as a staple along with trying other things in the area.OMG. The wife and I went to Reading Terminal Market on a Sunday for lunch thinking we'd make a return trip to the Dutch Eating Place (not knowing it was closed on Sundays). Fortunately, there are plenty of alternatives, DiNic's being one of them.
We got the beef brisket sandwich with spinach. I don't think the spinach added any nutritional value, since the beef brisket itself is almost as much of a heart-attack-on-a-plate as a Philly cheesesteak is. 
But my God, this was one of the most delicious sandwiches I've had in a while. The beef was so juicy and flavorful. And it was HUGE--my wife and I split one and we were stuffed.
As one of the other reviewers stated, if you're a tourist, skip the cheesesteak and head to DiNic's instead. You won't regret it.I miss this sandwich. This sandwich makes me want to move to philly so I can eat here anytime I want. The line can be intimidating but it goes quick. If you can find a seat grab it. It's first come first serve at the seats. The sharp provolone is so flavorful and even though the sandwich is so juicy the bread does not get soggy. All though I wouldn't get it and wait to eat it. Eat it immediately. I also love the flavor of the broccoli rabe. This place has the formula for success. Every time I go to philly this is first on my list for must eats. Just a little side recommendation for cheesesteaks ishkabibbles was best I had. I didn't try every other place but there's was best I had. So when at dinics get the roast pork with the broccoli rabe. Then go to bielers bakery. Best donuts ever hadNuts to cheesesteaks - the sandwiches from Tommy DiNic's are what Philadelphia should be known for!
If I had to eat one thing for the rest of my life, I would happily indulge in the glory that is DiNic's Italian Pulled Pork sandwich, with broccoli rabe, sharp provolone, horseradish, and extra gravy... nommmmm!!  The decadent, savory meat and its juices, mixed with the slight bitterness of the rabe and cheese, and the snapping bite of the horseradish, culminate into a flavor explosion that will haunt your dreams.
I'd write more, but if I don't get over there and get one now, my head might explode!Love the Roast Pork and Roast Beef of this place.
They prepared your order right before your eyes. Service is friendly and fast.
If you're in Philadelphia and staying near Reading Terminal Market don't miss this place.This is my top favorite place to get a roast pork sandwich in Philly! The sandwiches are amazing here. The flavor of the pork is delicious they use the Italian pulled pork. I'm not usually a fan of the pulled pork but theirs is so tender and there is absolute no fat in the meat. The sharp provolone and long hots are also amazing. Even the broccoli rabe is good. Anything you get here you can't go wrong. I would recommend definitely going here if you are looking for a great roast pork place. There is usually a long line at the busiest hours but it's totally worth the wait. 
Definitely try Dinics sometime you won't be disappointed!Outstanding sausage and roasted peppers. Great choice for reading terminal.Delicious juicy meat sandwiches it's so good.
Well worth the wait. 
The meat is filled with juicy and it rips easily.
There are no seats but just grab your sandwich and your good to go! 
The workers there are fast so the line doesn't take to long even tho it's long but it goes fast if you visit philly you gotta try it before you head out! 
You won't be disappointed !Had an Italian Roast Pork./B.Rabe.....avg at best. A sandwich like this I could make at home myself. . While it's an ok sandwich to say it's the best around ????? Wow I expected a lot more. Highly disappointed. Tasted like lunch meat sandwich.Load it up with everything, grab some napkins and enjoy one of the greatest sandwiches you will ever eat.  Roast pork is my fav but you cant go wroing with the beef, pulled pork or even the sausage.Once you have a Dinic's roast beef with sharp provolone & hot peppers, you'll realize that it is exactly what the Philly cheeseteak should have been. #truth
But you certainly have a tab be of succulent choices here at Dinic's: roast pork, roast beef, brisket, Italian sausage, and homemade meatballs.
This place is always bustling for good reasons: the sandwiches are always fresh and hot, the food is succulent and flavorful, they have prime real estate in the Terminal Market, and the staff are always happy and ready to serve you. This has always been a generational family business, and it remains as such to this very day.
Be aware that the lunch lines are typically huge, BUT they do move pretty fast.
If you have a choice to go anywhere in Philly for an authentic Philly sandwich, Dinic's should be at the top of your list!when you are voted best sandwich in America there's a reason. For those of us who have been going there for years, glad the food critics finally caught up. The biggest problem s deciding whether to get the roast pork, roast beef or brisket, all of which are amazing. I flip a coin for roast pork or roast beef with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe and savor every bite.I had such high expectations of this place. And I was sadly disappointed.
Husband got the pork with provolone and broccoli rabe. I got the roast beef with
provolone and sweet peppers.
It was lackluster and flavorless. No fireworks here.
The rolls were not the highest quality (again, IMHO) and seeing they are just on the outskirts of South Philly where they have some of the best bakeries, that seems ashame.
It was a disappointment. And we waited longer to get a seat then we did to stand in line. And we were there at lunchtime on a Saturday. So it was an easy hour from the time we got in line till the time we actually sat down to eat.
Disappointed.The best in Philly for sure.  Love the Roast Beef and the Roast Pork with Brocolli Rabe!Honestly I don't know what all the hype is about this place.  I saw it on TV and they have signs all over the Reading Terminal saying how it was rated the best sandwich.  
I ate here twice while in Philadelphia.  With all the hype, I was excited to eat this famous sandwich.  I sat down at the counter and ordered the Italian Style pulled pork sandwich (thinking that was the famous one).  I was wrong.  Every person who sat down (other than me) was met with a "would you like to try our famous roast pork sandwich".  I don't know why the waitress didn't mention the famous sandwich to me but it annoyed me.  The service didn't much imporve with her refilling other people's sodas and not mine and taking a long time to have my left over sandwich wrapped up.
The sandwich itself was huge (over a foot).  I had it with provoline cheese.  I didn't think it was anything special.  Actually I thought the provolone really over powered the meat and I left disappointed.
 Few days later I was determined to get the "famous sandwich" so I went back and this time got the right one, roast pork with provolone and brocollirab.  I'd like to say it was better than the first, but it wasn't.  The meat tastes good on its own but I found the bread too hard, cheese overpowering and greens just unpleasant.  The brocollirab was salty and I thought over powered the meat like the cheese.Our hotel is only like a block away from the RTM so we decided to come here for a late breakfast/early lunch.  We got there at 10 or so and sat at the counter.  Both my buddy and I ordered the roast pork sandwich with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone.  The sandwich was good...not great like I expected, but still good.  The meat was hot and had a nice porky flavor, the rabe was a little bitter and it had a great garlicky punch to it. The sharp provolone was a nice added touch.  One thing about that though....On Man vs Food etc, they show them carving off chunks of cheese from a block of provolone.  They did not do that here.  I saw them pick up sliced cheese and put it on the sandwich.  The flavor was still great but it was different than what I expected.  The bread they use was pretty good too.  It got a little soggy but still held up well.  I'm glad I got to try this place.  If I ever go back I might try something else...I'm more in the cheesesteak/hoagie clan than roast pork clan.  The lady serving us was very friendly.  My buddy liked it a little more than I did.  You cant go wrong though if you stop here and grab something to eat.  Its pretty good but there are way better sandwiches in Philadelphia.Welcome to Philly!!! Tommy Dinic's is a must if in town. The whole place is just crazy and definitely a Philly experience. They even stepped it up by serving us a roast beef, beef and pulled pork Philly Cheese cut 3 ways so we could try them all. That's going over the top and it was affordable. Gotta eat it at the bar, forget he table. True Philly grit!The cheesesteak gets all the pub, but the roast pork sandwich is the true masterpiece of Philadelphia.  And nobody does Italian-style hot sandwiches (including roast pork), better than DiNic's.
Pulled pork, roast pork, roast beef, Italian sausage, brisket . . . they're all excellent.  Despite the fact that nearly any biz in the Terminal can be profitable simply due to Convention Center traffic, the family that owns DiNic's takes pride in its daily cooking, as well as getting good bread, provolone, peppers, and greens (spinach or rabe).
Bring an appetite, as noted by everyone else, this is not a "light lunch" type of sandwich.  The sausage is probably the easiest to finish in one sitting, whereas the pulled pork is a struggle.  Two meals from one sandwich is a reasonable expectation.
Take a seat at the lunch counter, or grab some take out and head over to the beer garden for a cold complement.  You'll end up as one of the legion of regulars.Had to try after seeing this on TV. Tried the roast pork and roast beef with provolone and greens. Tasted great, but are simple sandwiches. Price is fair.Found this place on yelp and the pulled pork sandwich was amazing!  Screw the cheese steak sandwich. When I visit Philly again I am going here.  
If you read this make sure to sit at the bar (ish), much faster then waiting in line.Known for their roasted pork with broccoli rabe and provolone cheese. It wasn't as amazing as it looked, the pork didn't have any flavour which was disappointing. 
Value 4.5/5
Atmosphere 4/5
Service 4/5 long lines but super efficient 
Quality 3/5
15.5/20Adam Richman knows what he's talking about.... 
The roast pork w/ broccoli rabe is AMAZING! I split the sandwich with a friend and it was more than enough. This place definitely lives up to the hype! If you have the choice between a roast pork sandwich and a philly cheesesteak, I'd opt for the roast pork. SO TASTY!This sandwich is so overrated I don't get it. Yes, the bread was soft and fluffy, the roast pork was juicy and tender, but that's really about it. The meat was bland, bland, bland. The provolone added flavor to the sandwich, but since when did savory fatty cheese fail to deliver flavor? Because the sandwich isn't constructed in a way that allowed you to fit the pork, provolone and rabe in one bite, some bites were very mediocre and others were just ok. I threw out the second half of my second sandwich - there's too much good food in Philadelphia to waste my calories on this one!
I would not stand in line to get this sandwich; I was lucky to get there at 9 am and was pretty much their first customer willing to have a roast pork sandwich for breakfast.I can't believe Adam Richman voted this joint as having the #1 sandwich in America..really?!?  I say, don't believe the hype!  I'm actually giving this place 2 stars, but hubby liked it a bit more..so, I'm rounding up.  Our server was great..about the only highlight of our visit to The Reading Market.I enjoyed the beef brisket sandwich.  It's a counter in a food market. It's not fancy.  You wait in line.  They slice the melt in your mouth beef and stuff it in (wonderful) bread roll and douse the beef with the magic sauce/au jus. It was great.Best sandwich in philly hands down! Located around a lot of food spots in the reading terminal...this has to be the top of the top....of course if you never been here you go with what's being talking about and what's been talked about...so...is the pork sandwich with broccoli rabe, with sharp provolone from DiNics worth it you ask??? You bet your money it is.... I went ham on it , so fresh, bun right, pork right, juicy as ever...it's a must try people...I was not a huge fan of the roast pork sandwich here. Although it is huge, the pork was very dry and didn't have much flavor. The bread was not crunchy and overall I didn't enjoy my sandwich. There's so many places in Philly to eat, this is not one of the places I'll be repeating.this was some tasty pork. I had the pork with roasted hot peppers - add on some pepperoncini and I was a happy bunny.   Simple, but delicious.
Be warned, though, these sandwiches are insanely huge (think of a big sandwich, then double the length).  If you can, split one with a friend.Every opportunity I get to travel to Philadelphia from DC, I carve out time for a visit to Dinics. Not satisfied with merely lunch, I always take home at least two sandwiches to enjoy over the next couple of days.  
A pleasant discovery about writing this review (my first review in over a year) is that there are several Dinic's locations. But irrespective of the quality of the other locations (which I trust will be of equally high caliber), the bustling ambience of the Reading Terminal Market makes this location hard to beat.  This location is  quintessential Philadelphia -- raucous yet orderly.  Bacchanalian yet reserved.  Blunt yet polite. Rushed (when taking one's order) but with the warmest hospitality especially once the food arrives. If Cheesesteaks and the Amish are the heart of the market, Dinics is its soul.
Dinic's regulars need no convincing -- just ask anyone waiting in line -- so this review is aimed at newcomers.  First, never let the line deter you. When ordering on your first visit, get the regular roasted pork sandwich.  I find it best with provolone cheese, hot peppers and brown mustard, but have it your way. Mushrooms, sweet peppers and anything else they offer are just as tasty.  That's because this is the most succulent pork you will ever taste.  Juicy, not greasy, and just the right amount of seasoning; along with rolls that are fresh baked make every bite a sublime experience.  
The pulled pork, an added feature about 4 years ago, is equally tender and flavorful, but with more of a southern quality.  Joey Nicolosi (who, by the way, has replaced the late Dick Clarke as the world's oldest 16 year old) recommends the pulled pork with their special sauce and provolone cheese.  He was right, of course.  
Joey's youthful looks belie his experience, but not his passion for carrying on the family business.  This is an efficient operation that consistently serves top quality lunch fare which is why the line is always shorter than it looks, and with a tasty reward at the end to boot.  It's no surprise that Dinic's has become probably the most underrated of all Philadelphia icons.Waited 15-20 mins in line on a Saturday to procure a roast pork sandwich with sharp provolone, greens & roasted peppers. This was so worth the wait. Absolutely divine. I love this sandwich & can't wait to go wait in line for another one! 
If you go to Reading Terminal, you have to stop by DiNic's to try this sandwich! It will change your life.Oh yes, tasty roast beef and roast pork, sharp provelone and fresh greens. This is comfort food from start to finish and never has disappointed me. The servers take your order at lightning speed and you receive your food just as quick. If you like carved meat sandwiches, DiNics is a must. Just be prepared for *massive* lines.I think I can honestly say this was the best sandwich I have ever had. I did the roast pork with spinach and broccoli rabe. It was moist and the roll was soft and the greens were just bitter enough but still just warm and lucious. I wish I lived in Philly but my Weight Watchers leader is glad I don't.
The line was pretty freakin' long and the employees were pretty freakin' surly but who cares? They gave me this sandwich!Can a sandwich get any better? I don't think so and neither will you once you take a bite of any of DiNic's perfect sandwiches.
My favorite and go-to order is the roast beef with provolone and long hots.  I've had others, but this is the one I come back to.  
I wish I could eat these everyday but I'll deal with once a month.  
Most sandwiches are $8.25 + extra for toppings (broccoli rabe, sweet or hot peppers, greens).  Make sure you ask for the "not on the menu" horseradish for some extra kick to your sandwich!  It's no charge!
The long lines should not deter you - they move along nicely, and you'll just savor thinking about how great the sandwich is going to be once you get it.There was a lot of hype for me dropping in on this place. I am just a visitor from DC and went in the market and saw the huge line and thought it was worth a try. Lines do move very fast so don't let the lines discourage you!
When I saw the spot I looked it up and saw other reviews on the Roast pork so I got that with provolone and the broccoli Rabe. 
By the time I ordered at about 1:40 they were already sold out for the day as I was like 5th or so last person to order. I was shocked! The lady at the counter told me this had happened on Saturday too so I imagine it happens pretty frequently.
Anyways the sandwich was indeed really good. The roll was great, the provolone quality was great and the broccoli rabe was awesome too. And it overall wasn't that greasy for me, which I was happy with.
Only reason no 5 star for me is because the pork I tried it by myself and didn't really wow me. It was solid just not game changing.
Overall very solid experience and glad I went. When I come back to philly I will definitely try it again.Friends' recommendations for the roast pork were well noted but I went all renegade and got the pulled pork.  J/k.  I went by headlines on the news articles posted up near the countertop.  When I saw the juicy slab of roast beef on the meat slicing board, I was afraid I'd been led astray but the first bite melted away all second thoughts.  
When making the sandwiches, they dash them off with a dollop of some sort of oil that probably contains butter because even if you unwrap it within the next 5 mins, the bread is a bit soggy but still exclamation-point good.  Provolone is not the seductively melted type but solid, extra sharp, and the broccoli rabe adds a powerful garlic mush on top of this densely packed footlong.  The pulled pork isn't sauced up with BBQ like I'm used to.  So there it was: soggy bread, unmelted cheese, mushy veggies and unsauced pulled pork.  And what do these things spell?  A time-tested, bewilderingly addictive combo that will have your taste buds begging for more.
I finished 3/4 by myself without taking any breaks until I felt the stretch marks on my stomach walls start to boycott my mouth.  If I'd had a friend to share it with, portion size would have been perfect to thoroughly enjoy my brownie from the Flying Monkey afterwards.
Do not flee the scary, long-seeming line.  You shall be duly rewarded within 10-15 mins max and have yourself a delicious Fatty McFatterson moment that you fervently hope to revel in again.Yum! I have been here twice while visiting on business. I am not a huge fan of the pork but I love the brisket and rabe. On my second trip the brisket was sold out, so I now know not to go at the end of the day. Seating is hard to get during normal eating hours but the to go line goes quick and there are always tables in the middle of the market. A must stop for lunch while you are here.Not bad, but not the best in the market.  
I like lots if flavor which I didn't get here even though I paid the extra for the cheese and greens.  It was my first time and a guy in line with me highly recommended the brisket.  I got one with spicy and one with sweet peppers.  I also got one pork with sweet peppers which was the better than the brisket.
I'm here in Philadelphia one more day, I won't be going back.  I would much rather eat at carmen's (see my review for carmen's) 
One thing to note, the line moves much faster than carmen's.Roast pork with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone.
This is a good sandwich, but not the mind blowing variety that many raved about. It's a good combination of ingredients and the the roast pork is certainly juicy, but drenches the bread instantly, making it soggy and difficult to consume. The long lines exist, but aren't unbearable unless you're in a hurry. Seating is limited, so to-go is a good option. Portions are sizable and prices are reasonable.The bf went on a pulled pork spree of late - he does love his pork (which confused me at first since he's Jewish; the whole kosher thing is complicated for non-Jews like me). Since I needed to go grocery shopping at Reading Terminal, I suggested he try out Tommy DiNic's given all the rave reviews fellow Yelpers have made. 
After going to Iovine's by myself, I found him at one of the tables in the center of Reading Terminal. The hoagie was completely gone, not a crumb or scrap of pulled pork, provolone, or broccoli rabe. Merely the paper it was wrapped in remained on the table, a sad testament to an excellent hoagie. The first words he said to me were, "That was the best pulled pork hoagie I've ever had - I have to tell my Dad about this." THAT, my friends, is the best compliment my man can give to any food, and since hoagies are his favorite means of consumption the standards are set pretty gosh darn high. Tommy DiNic's passed his test with flying colors - and some fireworks, a marching band, and a clown that makes balloon animals in the shapes of pigs that then get pulled apart into hoagies.We went on one of the big bus tours of the city. I know, it's a total touristy thing to do, but we only had two days in Philly and wanted to get the most out of our short time there. Anyway, our awesome tour guide recommended we go into DiNic's for the roast pork sandwich. And boy was he right!! It was so delicious! I would rather have the DiNic's Rost pork sandwich with sharp provolone than the go-to Philly Cheesesteak! It was that good!! We even ate them in the car because we had to rush to the airport. Best food we had in Philly though by far!Reading terminal closes at 6pm, so you better hurry and get there before their closing time. I was in Philly 2 full days and I had roast pork sandwich 2 days in a row. Came in on a Saturday evening 5:50pm, I'm glad we found their place before closing time. Roast pork sandwich with broccoli rabe and provolone cheese, delish! Love their sandwich!I'm in Philly for the first time, and stopped by Tommy DiNic's after agonizing over what to eat at Reading Terminal (I vaguely remembered it being featured on some food show).  
The roast pork with spinach greens was amazing!  Every bit as tender, juicy, and flavorful as seen on TV!  My only regret is not getting it with provolone.  After reading other reviews, it seems like I did not get the full Tommy DiNic's experience.  I am now considering not trying a cheesesteak on my last day in Philly and squeezing in another roast pork sandwich instead.  *slobber*First heard of this place on Man vs Food and have since read about how epic the roast pork with provolone and broccoli rabe is. So when we went that was what I ordered. Oh. My. God. It is beyond words. The sandwich lived up to its reputation. It was so yummy, I could eat that everyday. Service at Dinics was fast and very good despite the queues. So worth it for the yummy sandwich.Our first stop when we reached Philly this past weekend!
We were staying at Hilton Garden Inn right next door so we popped into the Market for lunch. I had been doing a little Yelping and saw that this counter was a location worthy of skipping the prerequisite cheesesteak for, so we had to check it out!
The line was really long, but we managed to grab some counter seats! SCORE!  Hubs and I split a roasted pork sandwich with (HOT) peppers and provolone.  It was served up to us super fast and DEFINITELY lived up to the long-line hype!  YUM! Definitely glad we shared too, cos that was a BIG sandwich!Delicious roast pork sandwich! As expected! Definatly lives up to all the hype! The only complaint is that they're always way too packed! But that's only cause of how good they are! Deelish u get 5 stars!Broccoli rabe + provolone = one happy world. Worth the wait and visit. Try to get a seat, will save you queuing in line, and go for ice cream down the hall when you finish!Had the pulled pork with cheese and sweat peppers. Approximately $10.50 
Hadn't been there before and asked the staff who were super helpful and friendly who suggested the pulled pork. The sharpness of the cheddar went really well with the savory meat. 
I picked up the sandwich to take to the airport to eat before my flight. To be honest, definitely did not have take away goodness and would have been much better eaten at Reading Market, but I still enjoyed it!We simply didn't get the hype around this place. The pork sandwich was not anything to write home about. On a positive note the service was outstanding.Mediocre actually. Hyped too much for a beef brisket sandwich that did work with the sharp provolone and soggy greens. Meat was on the bland side that could use more seasoning. Line went fairly quick even though it was daunting seeing it wrapped around the counter and staff were nice.Roast Pork Sandwich, yes please!
Not only is Philly known for their cheesesteaks but also their roast pork sandwiches. DiNic's was definitely one of the spot that needs to be visited for some good sandwich gorging. Nestled almost in the center of Reading Terminal Market, this little spot is always busy.
Ordering was quick and easy since they specialize only in a few items. My boyfriend and I ordered the Roast Pork Sandwich with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe. All those ingredients are literally a match made in heaven. It was so delicious and juicy. The provolone brought out the flavor of the pork while the broccoli rabe toned down the sharp intense flavor of the provolone. What genious thought of this?!
Love DiNic's and it's something different than your cliche Philly Cheesesteak.Man vs. Food guy got it right.  
The Roast Pork/Broccoli Raabe/Sharp provolone sandwich really is the best sandwich in America.
A must do when visiting Philly...oh yeah and of course the Liberty Bell.One lazy Sunday afternoon, while mini-vacationing in Philadelphia, my mom and I decided to get sandwiches for lunch. We had seen this place in Reading Terminal Market the day before, and my mom wanted to try it.
Reading Terminal Market on a Sunday afternoon is a madhouse. The line for this place was looong, and it took us about 20-25 minutes to get our sandwich. We didn't order it with any of the extras, just Italian style pulled pork sandwich to go.
Headed back to the hotel room, put on my comfy eating pants, turned on the Lakers vs Cavs game, and ate our sandwiches. I don't know if it was the sweetness of the Lakers handing the Cavs their first home loss of the season, or just being lazy on vacation, but the sandwich was pretty darn good. I'm not a big meat eater, and I generally don't really like pork, but I couldn't get enough of this sandwich. It wasn't overly greasy, either, and even tasted great a couple hours later when it was cold.One of the best sandwiches around.  The only drawback is the long lines at peak hours, and the fact that they sometimes sell out before closing (this happened to me last weekend).I've always heard that DiNic's had the best roast pork sandwich and I should try one. Despite the 18 years living in the Philly burbs and the 4 years that I've been living in Center City, I never did. Until today. 
My experience with it was so-so and made me wonder if there was something wrong with me. Like maybe I should just become a vegan if I took no amazing pleasure from this glorified sandwich? I got it with broccoli rabe and provolone like everyone suggested. The provolone gave the sandwich the most profile, yet the roast pork still tasted average. It just wasn't very flavorful and moist like I was expecting. I don't know if I should chalk it up as a bad day for DiNic's or just assume the people rating the sandwich 5 stars don't know what seasoning is. But at least I tried it and can die peacefully.OH MY GOD I got the roast pork sandwich with broccoli rabe and provolone yesterday for lunch and I have been thinking about it since. Thank goodness I split it with a friend because it was actually the biggest sandwich I had ever bought. It was a little pricey at $9 but it was so worth it. There was a decent line to order but they were pretty efficient so we got our sandwiches in no time. The provolone cheese is a great addition -- a sharp little surprise in every bite! The bread is warm and soft, the pork perfectly cooked, and the greens to add a little extra flavor to it and make you think you're being health-conscious. Best sandwich in the city.Named one of America's Best Sandwiches so of course I had to try it! The husband and I did a weekend trip to Philly and we arrived at 830am on the Amtrak. Our hotel room was not ready for check-in yet, so we decided to start exploring. Our first stop was the Reading Terminal Market where we had to give Tommy DiNic's a try. Sure it was only 9am but hunger and yummy samiches knows no time. We ordered the famous roast pork with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone to split and breakfast was served. 
This was a super tasty sandwich. Surprisingly our favorite parts of the sandwich were not the roast pork itself. The bread was super tasty and flavorful, the broccoli rabe was cooked perfectly and had just the right amount of bitterness, and the sharp provolone added just the right amount of bite and saltiness. Altogether with the roast pork it was a perfect combination of flavors. 
Definitely worth a visit if you are in Philly at any time of the day! Man cannot live on cheesesteak alone!Shared half of a roast pork sandwich and it was the most succulent ever! Make sure you add Provo and greens (spinach). I want to go back to Reading Terminal, but time is short and I still haven't got my Philly's Cheesesteak yet. The line is long but it goes fast and we were able to sit at the counter. The servers are super efficient and courteous.The roast beef sandwich was fat free gristle free ... moist flavorful thinly sliced ... excellent ... get the sautéed greens and provolone on top.
My friend had the pulled pork sandwich.  He said the hot peppers were HOT.
This stall is very busy but the waitresses do not rush you.  Just know, before the waitresses finish busing your spot ... someone has filled your seat.
The Market is a great place to shop and meander through.  I would definitely come back for another sandwich  ... perhaps the brisket.roast pork is so much better than a cheesesteak---heard good things, and this place did not disappoint...been craving another one all weekIt's not like I have never been here before, but it has been awhile.  The last time I was here the sandwich was so, so. Decided to get the brisket sandwich for lunch.  Now I remember why I haven't been here in awhile.  The sandwich wasn't bad but it was great either.
The first half of the sandwich was very disappointing.  The brisket was moist but had absolutely no flavor. Thankfully I got the provolone which gave it some flavor.  The second half of the sandwich was slightly better, the brisket seemed to be a little juicier with a little more flavor.  
With all the other choices in the Terminal, I don't need to come back here anytime soon.We came here because it was highly recommended as one of the best pork sandwiches place and it was!
We had a pull pork sandwich with hot pepper, cheese and broccoli.  The pork was tender.  The bread was fresh.  It was yum to the last bite.Hm, am I missing something? Roast pork with sharp provolone and spinach was good... but "omg I gotta have it even if I have to wait an hour in line to eat it" good? Eh. Don't get me wrong... it's good quality; meat is juicy (thus, messy), provolone is yumz, bread good spinach good... but eh, just not super special. But then again, I'm not a big fan of Phillipe's in LA either... I'm glad I tried it, but I'd much rather eat more noodles in Chinatown next time. Staff was pretty cool.Best.  Sandwich.  Ever.  I drove 13 hours to Philly and had one.  I will gladly drive 13 hours back.
I had the roast pork with the broccoli rabe and the brisket with sweet papers.  Delicious.We split the pork and beef sandwich and was disappointed that there was no peppers.  They were patient with us tourist as we didnt know what and how to order.Last month when I was on jury duty, I decided to come here during the lunch break . It was nice to know that you get 10% off if you are a juror. My friend had told me to try this place. When I reached there, the line were long and had to wait for 30 minutes before my order was taken. I got the roast beef with spinach. It was the best roast beef I have ever eaten. It was so filling, I did not even have to eat dinner that night.After the whole "we're the best sandwich in the country!" buzz going on some time last year, I decided I needed to give DiNic's yet another try.
And let me tell you, I should have realized this much earlier, but there is a big difference in eating at RTM during the painfully-long-lines-and-excruciating-wait-times lunch rush versus the virtually-no-line-but-just-scraps-of-food-that-have-been-sitting-there-all-day hours after work just before they close.
If you choose the former and not the latter (as I had previously done), DiNic's will gladly reward you (and with the second location they built, the wait actually isn't so bad). Roast pork with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe is a solid sandwich, and I was cruel to have evangelically judged it so poorly prior.
But is it the best sandwich in the country? Or even in Philly??
Anyone who claims this clearly hasn't been to John's Roast Pork or Paesano's.I thought this place was overrated,the sandwiches weren't anything special, and they were actually pretty spendy for what you got. I'm not sure I would try this place again, they were pretty average sandwiches.The roast pork sandwich with broccoli rabe, extra sharp provolone, and hot peppers from Tommy DiNic's was amazing. Life-affirming. Transcendent. It's situated in the middle of Reading Terminal Market chaos, so finding a place inside to eat it is kind of a bitch if you're not solo. But so worth it. I think I could eat this sandwich every single day.I came to Philly for cheesesteaks and left finding a sandwich that is just as good. The roast pork sandwich here is just as good as the cheesesteaks I had at Pats. I was in Reading Terminal Market and saw the line for this place. I figured with a line that long it must be good. I asked the girl at the counter what was their best seller and she said the roast pork. I got one with provolone and spinach. The combo with the cheese, spinach and pork created the perfect balance. The pork was tender and the juices from the pork absorbed into the bread. It was a truly awesome experience.Yes it's great. Best in the USA? Allen Rickman says so. I say Sometimes! Pork with greens and sharp provolone. Side of Long hots. Beef the same way! Cut to order. It's the bomb! The counter guys are funny. The line moves fast. Know what you want before you order. It's the most fun to sit at the counter and watch the guys crank it out!Solid sandwich for a good value, but nothing special. At least the pork with provolone and greens. Service was fast and friendly, and others seemed to be enjoying their sandwich more than us -- maybe we had an off one?who knew that a simple roast pork sandwich with provolone could be such an experience? Waiting in line for the first time I had my doubts. All my doubts were gone when I took that first bit. The meat is so tender and juicy. The provolone is strong and the roll holds up to the juiciness of the meat. I can tell you, since I have waited in line a few time now that it is defiantly worth it.I literally find myself daydreaming about this sandwich.  When I first came, I was told this place was famous for having the best sandwich in America and I am happy to report that I whole heartedly agree and am confident in saying that they made the best sandwich I have ever eaten. I crave this sandwich every time I think about it.
Remember this: roast pork sandwich with provolone and broccoli rabe.  It was incredible. This simple baguette was loaded with layers of juicy, hot and fresh pork. But my favorite parts of the sandwich are, hands down, are the provolone and the broccoli rabe. The provolone was super sharp (not for the faint of heart) and nicely melted from the heat of the meat onto the baguette, creating this flavorful bite that will please the pickiest of provolone lovers.  Equally as amazing is the broccoli rabe: it has a perfect bitterness and crunch, but my dreams will be of the overwhelming aromas and bites of garlic.
I'm saddened because this review and honestly no words in the dictionary will be able to express how much I love this amazing sandwich and my disappointment that I will not have anything like this in the seeable future unless my craving for this sandwich brings me to Philadelphia.  Please try this if you're at Reading Market. If you don't like it, give it to me.Best roast pork. Get with sharp provolone cheese and broccoli rabe greens. Brisket sandwich good as wellI came here cause it was featured on The Food Network for their supposedly incredible pulled pork sandwich. Overall, it was good, but not all it's cracked up to be.
The meat was juicy, tender, and falls apart when you eat it and the bread was fresh.  However, it was lacking flavor.  Maybe I've been misinformed, but I assume all pulled pork sandwiches aren't complete without some sort of barbecue sauce.  So you can imagine my disappointment when I discovered it was just plain meat.  Sure, it was simmering in its own juices, but that's not enough to sell me. I can do that at home for free in my slow cooker.
Overall, the meat was tender and I'd possibly like to try other stuff on the menu, but if you're looking for a weak-in-the-knees pulled pork, this isn't the place.Tommy DiNic's has gotten a ton of hype over the years, including winning the "Best Sandwich in America" according to Adam Richman. With all that hype, it is almost inevitable that one will be disappointed. However, that is not the case here at all! The Roast Pork with Broccoli Rabe and Sharp Provolone is one of the best sandwiches I've ever had, hands down. The simplicity of the sandwich is really what makes it. Each flavor perfectly compliments and contrasts the other. The pork is incredibly juicy and tender. The Broccoli Rabe provides the bitter bite that fits perfectly with some of the best Provolone I've had. The sharpness of the provolone must be tasted to be believed. The sandwich is a perfect melding of flavors and it is a MUST experience at Reading Terminal Market. Enjoy!Wow! I normally hate pork, but I loved this. Roast pork, sharp provolone, and broccoli rabbi. My new favorite. I can't wait to come back to Philly.So I FINALLY came here to experience what everyone, I mean everyone have been raving about this place.  Amazing taste, juicy flavor what even food network raved about.  Here's my fix.
Ordered the original pork, provolone and broccoli rabe.
Verdict?:  Just mediocre, plain and simple (just MEH and not hating).  I have no clue why people were raving about this place???  Was I missing something?  
At first I ate all three items separately to analyze the flavor... and then all at once.  I think the only thing I enjoyed may have been the little portions of bun that was soaked in the pork juices.    Would I come here again??? Probably not since I now experienced the so-so pork sandwich people were so called raving about and honestly, it was just meh.
I think you can probably find something better in that market.  Just saying!
Tip:  If you want to sit and eat there at Dinic's, its first come, first serve for seats so just keep an eye out for someone thats finishing up and stand behind them.  There is a separate line where you order for to-go.If the thought of delicious meat, perhaps with some greens, on a delicious roll makes you salivate, then this is the place for you.  I've only gotten the brisket here, and that's about all I need to get here.  The brisket is delicious without being too fatty, and the roll, which is an afterthought in some places, is a full partner here; mmmm.The roast pork is amazing. The only downfall to this place is the wait, but good stuff is worth waiting for. Just don't go if you have less than an hour for lunch.  I recommend taking the sandwich to the beer hall and washing it down with a yuengling.Roast pork melts in your mouth, the roll is chewy yet gives a good bite and provolone is artisan. Can't go wrong hereOf the sandwich places in Philly I visited this was the best place for sure.  We arrived around 11 AM on Sunday morning and there was no line, We just sat down on the stool and 7 minutes later the roast beef with sweet peppers sandwich was in front of me. . I added some additional banana peppers and horseradish and it was excellent. I really like how the additional "gravy" was put on and the bottom of the bun is soaking in it. 
Staff was friendly and service was prompt. Glad I came here and a must stop for anyone who enjoys a good, hearty sandwich.Bread so soft, meat so lean, broccoli rabe so perfectly cooked.  It melts in your mouth and makes you eat like a ravenous tiger.  This is the only thing you should eat for lunch at Reading Terminal.  All of the other cheesesteak, cajun food, blah blah is tourist crap.  I'm a Philly citizen and I come here often to eat.  Plus, you have some of the best sweets in Philly for dessert: Termini brothers cannoli, Bassetts ice cream, and Beiler's donuts.  Expect to wait in line but oh so worth it!Delicious meal.  We made this the first stop for grub on our vacation and we were extremely pleased.Meh. You get a decent amount of roasted meat for the bucks. But that's pretty much it.Great roast pork sandwich with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone. I wish I had 2 stomach so I could have had 2 of them. Counter seating fills up fast but there is seating elsewhere so you can take it to go.This was our first stop to have lunch in philly. From man vs food to other food shows, I had to try it and all i can say is it's just ok. My friend and I ordered a sub to split and we got the famous pork sandwich with greens and provolone cheese. It looked delicious but it didn't have that spark that my taste buds were expecting.
Meat tasted dried, no flavor at all, bread was kinda hard, greens were ok, bit into a few bitter pieces but I think that's what it's supposed to taste like. It's pricey, 1 sub and two soda ran us about $15. Fountain sodas are free for refills, If i'm ever in the area again, I would come back but try the beef this time.Fat boy from the Travel Channel was both the best and worst thing to ever happen to Dinic's/RTM in general. On one hand, yes, great exposure to a lesser known, awesome sandwich.  I mean, who really eats a cheesesteak and comes away a better person? Yes, the roast pork is just tastier in every way. 
On the other hand, most of the bad reviews have been written by dumb dumbs who are delusional if they think that eating a sandwich that comes after an hour and a half wait will be a life changing experience. I mean, it's meat, bread, cheese, and a little vege you fat retards; you're setting yourself up for disappointment. Yeah, it's good, but it's still a goddamn sandwich.You see how this is going, right? I see a food joint on TV, drool as I watch and have to eat there. Day 4 of our vacation we are still in Philly and I have to go to Tommy DiNic's which is also at the Reading Terminal Market. As we ate our Miller's Twist breakfast on our first morning, we sat at a table next to DiNic's. Everyone working there was very friendly and said we should come back. Now, let me mention that we did walk by on Day 3 for lunch...but we were beyond hungry and could not handle waiting in the line. So on this day, I was prepared to wait as long as possible for my Roast Pork sandwich with Broccoli Rabe and Provolone cheese. I got in line and waited 30 minutes for my scrumptious sandwich. For me, what makes a perfect sandwich is the roll. DiNic's has their Italian rolls delivered fresh daily from a local bakery. It is crusty on the outside and soft on the inside. The pork is dunked in jus then placed in the roll. The broccoli rabe is slightly bitter and cooked in olive oil and garlic. The nuttiness of the sharp provolone was amazing. I love sharp cheese, the sharper the better, so this was perfect for me but too strong for the hubby.Late lunch at Reading Terminal Market and headed to Tommy DiNic's to try their roasted pork sandwich. There were plenty of booths opened and our waitress was friendly and quick. The sandwich was tasty, pork was tender and the provolone added a good amount of saltiness tho not sure how I feel about the broccoli rabe, it tasted too bitter for me so I'd swap with roasted peppers and/or banana peppers if I were to eat here next time - I would definitely come here again and try a different combo.For me this is a Star in the Reading Terminal.  The lines here are at least three times longer than its next most popular stall.  The sandwiches are juicy, large, and awesome.  The roast pork, broccoli rabe and sharp provolone dunked in the Au jus is the best thing to get here. They make their roasts in house and you can see them slicing the meat when they make the subs.
I'm planning a trip back to reading terminal just for this one stall.Now this is my first time coming to philly. I am from Texas so I feel like I have a good grasp on food. I got the roasted pork sandwhich with broccoli rabe. Now it was prettt quick. Decent service not the greatest though. It looked good and I really wanted it to be good but I just couldn't get into it.. the broccoli is maybe what threw everything off because it was so overpowering flavor wise. Maybe if you got it without it might've been a little better. And the roast pork had no flavor to it.. the sharp provolone was probably the best thing about this sandwhich. I will give this place another try without the greens and hopefully be able to update my review with more starsI went back and forth on this one between 4 and 5 stars, but I know that every time I'm there at RTM, I'm looking to see how long the line is at DiNic's.  Their roasted pork is amazing.  The brisket is masterful.  The italian sausage looks and smells tremendous too. 
And whatever you get, top it with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone.  You won't regret it.
Good(s):
Everything on the menu
Bad(s):
Nothing yetI must be missing something here but the famed and much televised Pork, Provolone & Broccoli Rabe sandwich was ordinary and tasteless unless you like the bitter and astringent taste of the green. Pork lacked seasoning. Ditto for Roast Beef Sandwich. Standout was the bread roll, fresh and flavorful. Fountain drink tasted old and flat, post mix lines probably the culprit. All in all, disappointing. Sometimes hype is just that, without the substance.After seeing Adam Richmonds best sandwich in America tv show a few friends and myself decided to head to reading terminal market to see how good the sandwich was for ourselves. We ordered the roast pork with broccoli rob and were pretty underwhelmed by the sandwiches hype. We felt it was a little pricey for such as simple sandwich $10.00. It was a decent to slightly above average sandwich but nothing to write home about. The bread was fresh and soft on inside with a little crunch on outside. However we expected the entire roll to be covered in the au jus of the pork only to find that the roll was completely dry with no extra au jus added to it, extremely disappointed to say the least. The broccoli rob was heavy on the garlic and  was the fore-front of everything you tasted and you couldn't escape the garlic. The pork was tender and good but the overpowering garlic took a lot away from the meat. I'd give them another try but for now they were just another sandwich that was very forgettable.Just ok. Lots of hype, but not quite worth it. Provolone is too sharp and greens are too strong.I first heard of this place on Man vs Food, and was determined to try it the next time I was in Philly. Guess what? I made it to Philly, and I just had the roast pork and broccoli rabe sandwich with provolone. The sandwich its off the chain. The meat was moist and flavorful, the rabe had a nice slightly bitter taste, but it was sharp provolone that took the sandwich to the promised land.This place was great! Service was quick and friendly. The food was portion well, the peppers was topped right and seating was on site. Although, I would have enjoyed dipping my sandwich in something flavorful - AU JUS :)I'm leaning more towards 2.5 stars. I initially went into Reading Terminal looking for a cheesesteak. Didn't have a particular place in mind, but was going to explore the options. I happen to be texting my friend, a Philly-native, while I was there & she recommended Tommy Dinic's and that they had the best pork sandwich in the country. I had no idea since I hardly pay attention to publicized food rankings. Taste varies by the individual in my book. This was definitely one of those times where I was less than impressed. The sandwich was fine, but it didn't "wow" me as I'd expect/hope a hyped up sandwich would. Two things that bothered me about the sandwich were that the meat was underseasoned and the cheese, while a good flavor, wasn't melted (likely won't because it's aged). I might give them another shot primarily because my friend failed to tell me that she personally never tried the pork sandwich, but did have their brisket. They were sold out of the brisket when I ordered my sandwich, so they might have something going there. We'll see the next time I'm up there.I just had a Roasted Pork sandwich here with the Sharp Provolone and Sweet Peppers. Yes, it was good, but I think I could've probably done with the cheese and peppers, especially since it cost $1.25 for these 2 toppings. If you don't like sharp cheese, don't get the Sharp Provolone on your sandwich. The pork itself was alright--I didn't think that it was the best I've had.
I suppose this place is borderline worth trying so only come here if you really want a pork sandwich that's highly rated in Philly.
Otherwise, the Reading Terminal is just an awesome place to get some grub.Come early in the morning, and no waiting in line!  We came, we saw, we ate the roast beef with all the toppings.  Juicy sandwich, tasty peppers, cheese, and fresh brocoli rabe, can't say much more than what everybody already knows.  We haven't tried other comparable sandwiches so can't really say which is best, but Dinic's is definitely tasty and enjoyable.  Better to share with someone since it is a pretty big sandwich.Trying to order when you don't know how to pronounce "rabe" was pretty awkward, but luckily the person understood me. (It's pronounced "rahb" in case you didn't know either)
First of all, this entire market is amazing. so many good places to choose from. 
All my friends recommended this place in Philly so I gave it a go. It was Saturday lunch time, but the line wasn't too long and it went pretty fast. 
I got the roast pork with sharp provolone and broccoli rabe (rahb) and my oh my, it was delicious. The pork was very tender and moist. I wish it had a little more seasoning, but it was still good. What surprised me was the rabe... I am very sensitive to bitter and sour tastes so when the rabe had a slight bitter flavor I thought I wouldn't like it. However, as I kept eating it, the way it mixed with the meat and especially the sharp provolone, it worked really well! Delicious. loved the cheese. The bread was really good too. 
I paid a little around 12 bucks for it which isn't bad, but on the higher side for such a sandwich. But they do give you a lot of meat. 
I recommend one person orders and your friends go find and hold a table, because they are pretty hard to find during the busy hours. 
Also, you can ask for a free cup of water. 
if you are in the terminal... check this place out!!I was in Philly this past weekend and a friend of mine wanted to try Tommy DiNic's because of their roast pork sandwich. The line on Saturday was 20-minutes long but worth every moment for the food. The roast pork with provolone and broccoli rabe was amazing. The pork's juicy and tender and the cheese and rabe gave it character. And all that for about $10--talk about great value! Also: I was back at the Reading Terminal Market on Sunday to get a cheesesteak at another venue but they ran out of bread (!!)...Tommy DiNic's meanwhile kept churning sandwich's out and still had their bread.Here we go; roasted pork with broc rabe and sharp provolone while HE tries the pulled pork =) I have to say the bitterness of the greens create an interesting contrast to the sharpness of the cheese and the sweet umami of the pork.  the bun was fresh and delicious. Can't say i loved it, the flavors were quite complex so it took my mouth a few bites to adjust but I can say I enjoyed it. I enjoyed his sandwich as well, not a traditional pulled pork, but great flavor.Yeah, it's worth the hype. It really truly is. So definitely go ahead and add this spot to your Philly itinerary.
We headed here early on a Sunday afternoon and I was very pleasantly surprised to find that it wasn't crowded, there wasn't some insanely long line or wait, and there were even bar stools available. 
This delicious spot is located inside the Reading Terminal Market. So like most eat spots in similar markets, it's a small square of space with some bar stools and a small counter.
The menu is straightforward. They have sandwiches. And you can get a fountain soda too if you want. But that's it.
And some seriously fabulous sandwiches they are. The Travel Channel and Food Channel told me to go here. And they weren't wrong. I was not aware of the roast pork phenom in Philly. But I'm sure glad I came to check it out (er, eat it). 
The flavors are both unique and delicious. Who knew that broccoli rabe on a sandwich would be so fabulous? The quality was excellent. The flavors were spot on. The prices were reasonable. Make a trip on over here and devour a roast pork.Best!
1) The sandwiches are worth a try if you are in the Reading Terminal Market. 
2) Got the roast beef with spinach. 
3) Price is reasonable.Going to DiNic's was an absolute obvious choice at Reading. My first time I ordered the roast pork sandwich with hot peppers, and it definitely was good. It just didn't quite live up to its hype. Toppings were an additional price, and the pork meat was cooked perfectly but heavily relies on the peppers/cheese/add-ons for a boost of much needed texture & flavor. Hot peppers were disappointingly mild; I wish there was a cherry pepper or hotter option available. The roll was awesome, a little crunchy on the outside but obviously super fresh.This place was supposed to be the best in Philadelphia. I got my sandwich which had a lot of meat in it but it was extremely plains. All the juices made the bread soggy and it was messy to eat. I don't get what everybody likes about this place. The first time we came and they were sold out.The pictures you see on yelp can't really show you the size of these sandwiches.
If you are used to sandwiches (thisbig) imagine one that is (_t_h_i_s_b_i_g_) instead.
...And it's tasty too!  I tried the Roast pork sandwich with provolone and spinach.  However, never have really been the biggest fan of pork.  I would recommend ignoring all the glowing reviews for pulled pork and try whatever meat you're a fan of.  All of them looked amazing.
You'll be stuffed if you finish this by yourself so having a sidekick eater is a good idea as well.Went with the roast beef sandwich with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone and -- it was excellent.
I'm not gonna go the traditional Yelper/wanna-be food critic route and reiterate everything Adam Richman and others have said about the sandwich, I'll just state that it's good.  Very good, actually.
Still, there ARE better sandwiches out there . . . 
I'll give Dinic's a 3.5-3.75 stars.For all the hype, I expected a lot more from the roast pork sandwich. 
The line wrapped around the place, but moved quickly. I waited around 20 minutes from start to sandwich acquisition. I ordered the roast pork with provolone. Maybe it was because I was nursing a cold that day, but there wasn't much flavor to the sandwich. The bread was meh. The pork was almost flavorless but for some of the pork fat that made it into the sandwich (just by looking at the pale color of the meat, you could tell that there wasn't going to be much flavor). The cheese added salt to the sandwich. 
The redeeming thing was that the meat to bread ratio was high and the volume of food was high given the price ~$10.To be honest, with all the hype I was expecting something pretty spectacular... And maybe that's why I'm giving it a 3-star because I had my expectations too high.
First of all I came around mid-afternoon and nearly all the sandwiches except one was sold out, so I didn't really have a choice on what you order. Thankfully a lot of other reviews still spoke highly of the roast pork sandwich so that's what I got. 
However as I saw them put it together I couldn't help but notice how stingy they were with the vegetables... I think I maybe I got a few strands of the hot peppers. But I let it go since I was mostly here to try the meat.
Unfortunately though, the meat was... Meh. It wasn't bad... But I honestly couldn't taste much flavor at all. For comparison, when you bite into a Philly Cheesesteak, you expect a rush of juicy goodness. And I guess that's what I was kind of expecting? But nothing. Not even a little. Had to add different sauces to the sandwich to get flavor. 
So tl;dr don't get lost in all the hype. Sandwich was mehh with minimal flavor. Definitely not worth the stars or price.This is not just one of my favorite sandwiches in Philadelphia, but one of my favorite sandwiches from the entire world...  Well at least the  places I have visited...   I usually only order the roast pork with the hand-sliced sharp provolone and the broccoli rabe.  This combination on the Italian roll is as good as it gets.  I am always willing to wait in the line, which could get lengthy.  
I advise people to go early, because if they sell out, they are sold out until tomorrow.  The only issue I've ever had, was one time they forgot to ring me up.  I could have gotten two free sandwiches, but I was afraid I would be blacklisted if they ever found out.Made the stop here based on several recommendations. Brisket sandwich was quite good but honestly not worth a huge fuss. A bit pricy too. I've had better similar subs elsewhere in Philly. That being said, its not a poor choice if you're in reading terminal and looking for a meaty sandwich.Oh, DiNic's.  You made me cheat on my steady, Tony Luke's.  You're a wicked, yet wickedly good, sandwich stand.
My husband and I were at Reading Terminal Market for the first time and decided to give the place a try.  After waiting 15 minutes, we took our sandwiches (roast pork with spinach for me, beef brisket for him) and sought out our seats.  Then we each took a bite.
O. M. G.
With the first bite, the roast pork blew Tony Luke's out of the water.  It was so juicy, the spinach was fresh and not weighed down by the butter and spices that TL's soaks theirs in, and the bread was perfect.  
I also had a bite of hubby's brisket, and the flavor overload (for a PLAIN brisket) was just awesome.  The stand was VERY generous with the meat; for the first time ever, my husband couldn't finish a sandwich.  I'm sure the quarter that was left over will be this morning's breakfast.
So, Tony, you still have my love when it comes to cheesesteaks, but when it comes to roast pork, I cannot help but stray to DiNic's.  It's not you, it's me.  We cool?Yummmm. that was delicious!! get it with the broccoli rabe please. The staff is great and funny and just super laid back. And get there earlier before the line starts to get crazy....Well, not sure what the buzz is all about.  The pork was cooked well but absolutely tasteless.  Bring some salt with you.as some of the reviewers have already mentioned, the roasted pork was just alright, but nothing that blew my mind in the slightest bit. 
definitely not the best sandwich i have had and definitely not a must-have item.
also the girl working here was not friendly at all.had the brisket with smoked peppers & provolone. needed help from fiancé to finish it. it was mouthwatering good. melt in your mouth brisket so tender in bread that was not soggy. that's a plus in my book. I'm drooling just thinking about it.DiNic's a great place to go for sandwiches if you're ever around Reading Terminal Market. There were so many places to choose from, but I came for one thing, and one the only- the Roast Pork Sandwich. When it was finally my turn to order, they already ran out of Broccoli Rabe! I was a little disappointed, but not worry, I got the roasted peppers instead with provolone cheese, and they were fantastic! It was definitely worth waiting on line.
Next time, I'll remember to come early for the broccoli rabe!Taste the pork sandwich, and I swear to god youll want to go get a room with it !... DELICIOUS.  
I dont even know if they even have any other stuff on the menu.. to me DiNics, is just PORK SANDWICHES...., once you eat the pork I just kind of zone out and wonder if pigs know how friggin delicious they are 
Its got a hold on me, every time I go to center city .. Its like, Pats what??? Genos who???Dont know what DiNics does, or what the hell they put in their roast, but its like an alien abduction.. i lose time and just find myself there (wondering if pigs know how delicious they are etc..) . 
Not just one of the best PORK sandwiches, there is, but one of the best sandwiches, there is PERIOD!
Their fried long hots are the best, and they pack some punch boy, you remember you were at DiNics, the day after ...trust me.  
IMO the best sandwich in Philly... and according to the food network...the US !As a Philly resident for 20 years, I would say that DiNic's roast pork with sharp provolone and horseradish is my favorite sandwich in the city, enough said. Don't be deterred by the long line, it moves incredibly fast.I am scared of meaty sandwiches dripping with gravy yet I am both terrified and in awe of their brisket sandwich. I wanted to taste it in its "pure" form so I didn't add anything else and didn't need to, it was perfectly seasoned and tender. Wish they put a bit more gravy all over the hoagie, but I'll try to remember to ask for it next time. Definitely worth the wait!We were told the roast pork with broccoli rabe was their most popular, we thought it was ok.  I'm not feeling good about my first Philly cheesesteak experience.Yummmy! The best roast beef sandwich I have ever eaten...by far! It makes Subway roast beef sandwich taste like a sissy! hehe
R.V. and I shared one of these big hunks at the Reading Terminal and loved it! (I am not one to usually share food but in this case I wanted to save stomach room for other goodies. Boy what a mistake!) A bite in to the sandwich and I was regretting it BIG time. How can bread, cheese and roast beef taste this wonderful? Ahhh the chili peppers on the side were also extremely tasty! I don't know how I am going to eat any other roast beef sandwich after this one!This place was really good! I went to Philly on a business trip and by the time I got there, this place got the most 5 star reviews. I got the brisket and the meat was so tender that it literally melt in my mouth. I got there around 4 and there were no lines!You can't live up to a Virgo's standards....The sooner you realize that the better off you are...
I got the roast pork with broccoli rabe....It's VERY thinly roasts pork.. cooked on a griddle broccoli rabe topped with provolone or Swiss cheese.... Served on a soft toasted roll...I thought the roll itself was pretty tasty! They put a lot of butter on the roll....But everything inside the sandwich was pretty gross...you would think with all these great reviews and huge lines the sandwiches would be the best sandwiches inside the market...NO...the meat was dry and the veggie tasted weird...very bitter...the roast pork was dry as well..but for some reason my sandwich was wet...i don't know which is messier my life or this sandwich...(ー_ー)Found this place on Yelp while passing through Philadelphia on a road trip. Just wanted an authentic Philly Cheesesteak and although I have nothing to compare it to, I think Tommy DiNic's nailed it. 
Waited in line for a couple of seats for 20 minutes right around lunch time. Got a simple Pork and Hot Pepper with Cheese and it was awesome! Fresh meat and just right spicy hot peppers. You really can't go wrong here.
Also, the location (inside Reading Terminal Market) is really cool and nothing like anything we have here in the South.The Italian style brisket is the best sandwich in Philly.So so. Disappointed with the Philly cheesesteak. Had to ask for salt. I don't know if it is traditional, but they chop the crap out of it and mix all the ingredients together forming a malaise of beef. I would like my onions and pickles whole, please.Solid eats.  I got the roast beef sandwich and it was killer.  You have to pay for peppers or cheese which kind of sucks.  If I were to do it again I would not get cheese, (not a huge provolone fan anyways, and just use the banana peppers provided in front of you to cut the cost a bit.  
Cons:
Great sandwiches
Great quality 
Cons: 
Cost (a bit expensive but not bad)
Finding it can be a tad difficult if you don't know where you're going.After seeing this place on Man vs. Food I couldn't wait to try it. Went to the market the next day and was not impressed with the roast pork sandwich. Don't  get me wrong it was tender and juicy from all the au jus but I just didn't get what he was raving about. Wondering if I ordered it wrong and I definitely should have gotten the long hots and not just the broccoli rabe but I still think it would lack flavor. The best thing about the sandwich was the roll! 
Want a tasty sandwich? Leave it!Awesome sandwich and something a more unique than the traditional cheesesteak.
I came here while visiting Philly with my girlfriend and ordered the pulled pork sandwich while she ordered the roast pork. First of all, these sandwiches are huge and you could easily split one between two people. Also, the pull pork definitely had a more robust flavor than the roast pork, so I'd definitely recommend going with the pulled pork.The Reading Terminal is to foodies what Disneyland is to people who like animated family films, and DiNics is one of the stars. (Read my other reviews for some other ones.)
In 2006, I went to a conference in downtown Philadelphia, during which I went to lunch and my boss Dave (I don't know how he knew about Tommy DiNics) bought me one of the best sandwiches I had ever had. Only thing is, I wasn't Yelping then, so I didn't even think to notate the location of the organization that produced this amazing sandwich.
PSHEEEEWW! (Whizzing through time)
Now it's 2010. I watch a DIners, Drive-Ins, and Dives that features a place called Tommy DiNics in Reading Terminal. BAM! That's the sandwich! Yelpmarked!
PSHEEEZZZZP! (More whizzing through time)
Present Day! I'm in Philly, staying a few blocks from the Reading Terminal.  I GOTTA GET ME ONE A THOSE SANDWICHES!!! I did. Pulled pork with provolone and greens. WOW! Just how I remembered. Savory, juicy meat, with the salty melted cheese and the bitter greens on a delicious fresh roll. In a city known for cheesesteaks, This sandwich was a top dog.Is there a sixth star* option lol It's very hard for me to ever try anything else in the Reading terminal market because I love DiNics So much I can never decide what I want so I always get half roasted pork with broccoli Rabe and a half brisket with long hots and I get extra cheese which is sharp provolone I tell them extra because I don't think they put enough on if you don't get extra thank me later guys and gals. I'm actually going to take the train into Philly today and eat hereEhhhh, was not a big fan at all. 6 of us sat down to eat and the waitress was clueless. All 6 of us agreed the roast prok was bland and needed more seasoning. Broccoli rabe was way too bitter for me. Not sure what the hype  was about.I had one of the best brisket sandwiches today!! It was so tender and juicy with slight heat! Loved it! The only thing is that it was a little too oily that it was hard to even hold the sandwich! Other that that, really damn good!I can go on and on about how amazing the Pulled Pork sandwich is here but why not just see for yourself? This was defiantly the best sandwich in town..A great alternative to the cheesesteak when in Philadelphia, is the Roast Pork Sandwich with broccoli rabe and sharp provolone. Being located in Reading Terminal Market, parking can be a little hard. Whether you get the sandwich to go, or eat it right there at their counter, you will leave very satisfied.I came here because their famous roast pork sandwich was featured on man vs food , so as a foodie I must come and try myself.
My friend and I waited in line for a good 20-25minutes and ordered their roast pork with provolone and broccoli rabe. As excited as i was , i took the first bite and i was disappointed. The roast pork was dry and tasteless, it made me remember how much i hated steak that was cooked more than medium. For a sec, i thought i had ordered the wrong thing , i want the sandwich that was featured on tv , the one where Adam took a big bite and made this "oh so good" face , the one that make me drool over my tv control . Not this flavorless crap.Far from the touristy sandwich shops of Geno's and Pat's, so it had more of a local, blue collar feel. Their Phiily cheese steaks take a bit longer because they don't have endless amounts already cooked on the flat top like the others. I also like that they have sandwiches other than Phillies, for example the roast pork, of which I am a big fan. To me the roast pork is just a better sandwich, sharp provolone hot and sweet peppers, broccoli rabe and roast pork that sits in it's own juices until it's served drenching the bread in porky goodness. Staff is friendly but gives off that "you better know what you want by the time you get to the window" vibe(which I completely love). Parking is a breeze, but finding a table can sometimes be harder.Came due to hype over pork sandwich.  What's the big deal?  Just one wet tasteless sandwich.The pork was tender and moist.  The broccoli rabbe and provolone were nice touches, but the sandwich was lacking strong flavor.  A little too bland for my liking.  My wife had the roast beef sandwich with provolone and felt the same.  More toppings and/or sauces available would go a long way at this place.  I don't see what makes it a destination for foodies.Great roast pork sandwich and is one of the highest rated sandwiches in Philadelphia. The whole Reading Terminal Market is fantastic and is a great destination for anyone visiting or local.I visited Reading Terminal Market to try DiNic's famous roast pork sandwiches after watching that it was ranked as the #1 sandwich in America.  I am a sucker for any sandwich so I wanted to see if it was truly the best sandwich in America.
I ordered the roast pork sandwich with broccoli rabe, peppers, and provolone on a sandwich roll.  I was... not that impressed.  There were a lot of qualities of the sandwich that could have been drastically improved.  The broccoli rabe was severely lacking seasoning; the bread to meat ratio was way off and because of that, it was hard to truly get the taste of sharp provolone all in one sandwich bite.  It would have helped if the cheese was melted a little bit as opposed its standalone slice so it could seep through the meat.  The best part of the meal was the pork itself which was tender and juicy (helped by the au jus they pour on top of the sandwich). 
The service was quick and fast but not quite sold on it being the best sandwich in America.  It's a good sandwich but don't think it matches the level that everyone has been hyping up.Listen to me... The roast pork sandwich here is slamming. I used to walk 2 miles here fri-Sunday between classes to grab one. Add the sharp provolone and the green broccoli ting to really get it poppingRoast Pork Sandwich with Broccoli Rabe and Sharp Provolone was off the hook! Do yourself a favor and order this if your in the area.I went on a day trip to Philly for a concert at night and figured I'd stop by a few places beforehand. When I say a "few" what I really mean is that we stuffed our faces with Philly "staples". We had different types of cheese-steaks, brunch, desserts, and even tapas. 
Of everything I ate, DiNic's roasted pork sandwich was the BEST thing I had. It's so simple- delicious Philly bread (seriously, how is their bread so good?!), sharp provolone cheese, and roasted pork that was sitting in delicious au jus. We opted out of the broccoli rabe so we could taste the flavors of the pork. My fiance and I bought 1 and split it and I regretted it immediately. This is one of the top sandwiches I've ever had. A must eat on a Philly trip!Tried the famous pulled pork with hot peppers, broccoli rabe, and provolone.  Not really that impressed....maybe they were having an off day, but it was not an amazing sandwich.  It was ok, really big, but not so good I'd come back and order again.Of the 3 steak type sandwiches we had on the one day we spent in Philadelphia this was by far the favorite. There are two options for getting food here- grab a seat at the counter and they will take your order from there or stand in line for to-go. Luckily my boyfriend was smart and suggested we split a sandwich, they are huge, 1/2 was more than enough. We had the roast beef with provolone. It was a really good sandwich. I would definitely be interested in trying it with the broccoli rabe. So one advantage to sitting at the counter is that there are banana peppers and horseradish which I thought both were welcome additions. I do wish there was a smaller options, there are so many vendors I'd love to be able to try more options in a single visit.2.5 stars.
Tried here for the first time today with much excitement and expectations. The long line of people waiting to order take out looked promising too.
However, both Italian Style Pulled Pork and Beef Briskets were a disappointment. 
They both seriously needed seasoning or BBQ sauce or something. 
They were over sized, over priced and under seasoned.
A tourists trap, I'm sorry to say.I love this place. Great spot and sandwiches. Pork with BROCOLLI RABE is a must with sharp provolone. The meat is so juicy and tender...brocolli rabe balances out all together.
A must try sandwich if you live here or a tourist. Go here now!@I generally don't like pork and I hate and am terrified of broccoli. BUT I got the roast pork, broccoli rabe and the provolone sandwich and it was amazing. Seriously so amazing I can now die happy.WOW.  Really good.  Had the pork with provolone and broccoli rabe.  Super delicious.  Am going to Philly this weekend, and will probably hit this place up for an encore.  The cheesesteak spots in this town are ok, but this spot is the real deal folks.DO believe the hype! The roast pork, provolone, and broccoli rabe combination is insanely delicious. I would not normally imagine those flavors together but they work so well and with such balance. I am not a huge fan of broccoli rabe but found that its bitterness really worked with the sharp cheese and flavorful meat. Only complaint is that it could have used a bit of heat. DiNic's is a must try in the Reading Market. The sausage looked great - I'll have to try it next time.Visited DiNic's today inside Terminal Market with the boyfriend and ordered the pulled pork sandwhich with broccoli rabe, sharp provolone, and hot peppers. However, since they were out of broccoli rabe we had spinage instead.  It was veryyy good! Plus, we were able to split a whole sandwhich and left feeling full. They also have seating and have banana peppers you can throw on your sandwhich for some extra spiciness.De. Light. FUL. I was in town for a conference and really could not decide what I wanted for dinner and so before the conference I scoped out DiNic's - which is where I had the most yummy roast pork sandwich! It's HUGE - ordered it with provolone cheese, spinach and broccoli which is the specialty. The flavors are awesome! I enjoyed sitting at the counter as well taking in the Terminal and people watching.I took the Italian herb pulled pork and it was okay. The bread was very thick and hard and I wished there were more flavors in the pork. Not worth the hype and wait. Will try other things next time.YES YES YES -- might be the best sandwich in the USA - REALLY, I kid you not.
Get my favorite if you like pork and sharp prov. w/ broc rabe -- WOW....I just salivated all over my keyboard - wait wiping it down. LOL.   Eat at the counter if alone.  The south Philly waitress service is like your mom who is being nice to you cause its your birthday or something or like you just gave her her first grandchild.  
If NO PORK spend the $13 on a brisket sandwich....its well worth it - nothing like it.  
Enjoy.....
PS -- don't forget the long hot peppers if you like peppers to cut through the fat of the meat...I do.Not a bad sandwich place but at $10 I expect a super tasty item and this was not it.  I felt this was more 6-7 dollar range and still only 4 star.  So, not a bad place to grab a bite but I can't help but feel better options exist in the reading terminal.My husband and I had pork sandwiches. Mine with just provolone and his with broccoli rabe and provolone. Line was long but moved incredibly fast. We both had high expectations of our sandwiches. Mine was okay. Bread was good, pork lacked flavor but wasn't dry. My husband could hardly eat it the broccoli rabe was so bad - he had to take it off. Definitely won't be going back for a sandwich there.Everything was great good and service. I would have given it five stars if they had a beer selection.It's on the Travel channel list for one of the greatest and I will say that all the components were excellent, but together it just didn't wow me. Strangely enough, probably just salt and pepper might have been enough. The pork was melt in your mouth and sliced thin, the greens were freshly sauteed, and the bread was crunchy and soft. Peppers were full size, roasted and yummy too. If you do go here, definitely order the works with the greens, peppers, and cheese and it is enough to share.My staple first food stop when in Philly. Love the roast pork but can see where it might not be for everyone. You have to appreciate the raw ingredients, they don't gussy it up with sauces and seasonings. One of my favorite vendors for lunch in the Reading Terminal Market.Too many times, I have tried a restaurant featured on Travel Channel only to be let down. I was hoping that my experience here would not be a similar situation. Unfortunately, it was. 
I got the pork sandwich with provolone and broccoli rabe as everyone recommends. The pork was dry and flavorless and the broccoli rabe was bitter and completely overwhelmed the sandwich. I took off the greens hoping it would be better, but I was just left with a dry pork sandwich. Quite honestly, I couldn't even finish the sandwich it was so blah.  Definitely not worth the hype. Do yourself a favor and try one of the other many delicious places at the market.