Came in here on a Sunday night because Zavino had a long wait. What a find! Food came out quickly, typical tapas style, a plate or two at a time. After ordering about 8 items, nothing we had was bad, but here are our favorites:  lasagna is a must-try!, also the broccoli/avocado, tuna, and ravioli. Nice place, we'll definitely be back.Amazing and tasteful experience! Extraordinary and delightful way to spend time with family and friends. Will certainly be coming back again.I love the ambiance of this place, the hostess is super friendly and welcoming.
We tried the lasagna verde, four cheese ravioli's and chicken meatballs. The ravioli's were so good you get 4 of them and we ate them so fast. The lasagna came second and that was delicious aswell, the chicken meatballs were okay I realize I much prefer beef meatballs but they're not bad. 
Overall it was a really great experience I'd love to go back.
It was about $42 for 2 people and 3 'small' plates that filled us both up.At the corner of 13th and Samson sits a dense population of fun and high-quality restaurants - Tredici Enoteca, run by the same group as Zavino, makes an excellent addition to the area.
We stopped by for a late, light weeknight dinner. The space is modern, open, and simply decorated, and the place had a wait, even at 8:40pm on a Wednesday! Our waiter was knowledgeable and the dishes we ordered, though small, were surprisingly filling. The restaurant does get quite noisy, which made it difficult to hear our waiter at times, but overall, we enjoyed our experience.
The menu is carb-heavy: we ordered the verde lasagna, which might be the best lasagna I've ever had (the ricotta had an incredible half melty, half-fluffy texture), the mushroom toast, which was also delicious, the roasted cauliflower, and the fried goat cheese, which while good, was not anything special. 
Tredici is known for their wide and reasonably-priced wine list, but we were in the mood for cocktails, and they did not disappoint. We both ordered the gin-based mora, which tasted like juice but was very, very strong.
I loved how shareable the dishes were, and was shocked at how full we were at the end of the meal despite ordering what felt like very small dishes. There were many main dishes on the menu that looked awesome as well. It's definitely a solid hangout option, and with their outdoor sidewalk seating, I'm sure it''ll become one of my summer favorites.This is one of my favorite "Italian" restaurants in the city currently. The reason I have Italian in quotes being that this is a Mediterranean/Italian/Raw-bar hybrid in my eyes (or through my taste buds) and offers a wonderfully diverse menu that covers all the bases of what I want in a meal (be it alone, in the corner with my adult coloring books and a glass (or 8) of Caymus or with a group of people who stubbornly accept my company). 
The decor of this place is SPOT ON. The design team and staff REALLY did their homework and brought to life something completely unique, fun and impressive that honestly I didn't know if they were going to be able to pull off using the space that they had. There isn't one person I've taken who hasn't been impressed by this aspect of the place. 
As far as food is concerned, this place does everything delightfully simply yet with flavor that normally accompanies a much more complicated dish. The Mediterranean tasting board is completely incredible and has maybe the best falafel I've ever had in the world on it along with some really tasty hummus and a few other great items (a quinoa tabbouleh and some marinated vegetables with some fresh grilled bread drizzled with olive oil that, rumor has it could have been drizzled and collected off of one of the Victoria's Secret models...its THAT good). The pasta dishes are all simple yet taste great and same goes for their various entree style meats/birds/fishes...the bronzino is definitely one of my favorites. 
The bar is fantastic there and has maybe some of my favorite "stools"/chair/throne things that are at any restaurant. They do half glasses of wines which really rocks if you want to sample various wines and have a really awesome cocktail program. It's also one of the only places I can even get Caymus by the glass...which is a big plus for me. 
Service wise, this is one of the best places in town. The management is stellar, and the staff are equally as amazing. Everyone seems to love what they do and it adds to the positive energy of the place. This is a GREAT place with GREAT people. Do yourself a favor and put it on your "places to eat list" ASAP.I had a fantastic first experience at Tredici. The complimentary olives were some of the best I've ever had - a great way to start a meal. We ordered a number of plates from each section of the menu. The bacon wrapped dates could be one of the best dishes in the city! Broccoli and Avocado with black sesame seeds were an inventive way to dress up a simple combination of vegetables. Can't wait to go back and try it again. The space is warm and inviting for any occasion with any group.I wasn't completely sure what to expect here, but the reviews seemed good and I wanted to give it a try. The feel of Tredici is upscale urban chic. The concept is Italian/Mediterranean tapas. 
As a vegetarian, there were a ton of options to try. The small plates were brought out one at a time and staggered which was great for tasting and not feeling overwhelmed with what was on the table. 
We tried the saffron arancini, mushroom toast, broccoli and avocado , roasted cauliflower, Israeli couscous, and the Mediterranean tasting board. Everything was very good, fresh, and flavorful. The stand outs for me were the arancini, mushroom toast and the cauliflower. 
Service was good. Food was great. The noise levels were a little louder than expected but this place was pretty full for a weekday night.  They don't take reservations so be prepared for a wait or a drink at the bar until a table opens.Outstanding outing in Philadelphia. Excellent selection - best in restaurant row. Plates are meant to share which makes for an engaging night. Excellent wine selection including a decent selection of bubblies.Friends and I tried this new spot.  Although small good ambiance.  Unique cocktails and interesting menu.  We shared several dishes and enjoyed everything.Food was fair for the price. It is not a place I would go back to as there are many better places to eat out within a block of tredici. No reservations made the experience even less enjoyable.We stopped here for a midday snack after doing some exploring in the city.  We received a friendly greeting and were seated at a location of our choice outside.  
I ordered a glass of Sangiovese ($14) and the fried goat cheese small plate ($12), while my boyfriend got a glass of Sauv Blanc ($14).  These were the larger wine pours hence the price tag.  A little bowl of olives was a welcomed complimentary treat!
Both wines were excellent - they'd been opened recently and served at the correct temperature.  The goat cheese snack was awesome!  The little cheesy medallions came out piping hot with a superior crunchy outside and gooey melty inside.  The crostini was thin, crispy, and a perfect instrument to transport the flavorful pesto and goat cheese combo to your face.  I wasn't a fan of the tomato mixture, but my boyfriend liked it.  
Really cute place overall with friendly staff and a great location.  We'll be back for dinner!!Overall, good experience. Gnocchi and Dates are the truth. Chicken leaves a lot to be desired and lasagna meh?? Nonetheless, desserts are a win. I'm  looking forward to my next visit. Great addition to 13th StreetWe stopped in here today for lunch as I was craving the tuna tartine which unfortunately wasn't on the menu today.
I ordered the chicken meatballs and the mushroom toast (yes I'm still very full). The meatballs were moist and delicious in a great red sauce and you get a very large portion, I was only expecting two but I think there were about 5 in that bowl! The mushroom toast was also huge and delicious.
My boyfriend ordered the Moroccan ribs which were dry and terrible we ended up sending them back and got a beet salad instead.
While the food is decent and I absolutely love the space itself the service today was absolutely horrible. We were one of two tables in the entire place and we constantly had to flag down our waitress for water refills, the check, etc. Basically all she did was take our order and bring us water when we asked for it. Another server silently brought us our food one item at a time without saying one single word...it was so weird. Our waitress didn't stop by to make sure we had everything or even ask how everything tasted. Seriously? Her back was turned to us the entire time while she stood at the bar chatting with other employees, glance over once in a while and check the water level please? 
I normally really enjoy tredici for their wines and atmosphere but I was left extremely disappointed today.Our party of 5 ended up here after coming into town without a reservation on the earlier side of a Friday night. We had been to 3 other places (craving Mexican) & couldn't get in anywhere before 7:45 and in some cases, after 9. We needed to be at the Wells Fargo Center by 7:30 and time was running out, fast! The restaurant across the street recommended we try Tredici, and while they needed the table for a reservation at 7:30, the hostess happily and quickly seated us in a great booth in the back corner. 
Our waitress, Cassandra was amazing. As first timers, she made sure we knew how the menu was set up and how we should order. Their specialty cocktails are delicious and EVERYTHING we ordered on the menu was delicious. We are food people - I've worked in the restaurant business for over 20 years while the rest of my group grew up in homes where food and flavor is loved and appreciated. 
The beet salad was perfect and the lemony ricotta paired nicely with the earthy beets and peppery arugula. My sister and niece loved the baby kale Caesar and the cumin carrots were killer! The spinach gnocchi was a standout and was a dish that we continued to pass around. The hanger steaks and crab pasta were also lovely as was the service by their manager, whom went out of her way to print extra concert tickets in their office. We were so impressed that we talked about our experience the next morning and we can't wait to come back to try more. 
Thank you so much for accommodating us and making what could have been a frazzled night a memorable experience!Cool trendy Italian restaurant in Midtown. They prices were very reasonable. I had small plates of the chicken meatballs and the saffron arancini. Both were excellent dishes. Staff was friendly and prompt.Very attractive atmosphere with small plate approach to more northern Italian than Southern Italian.   The chicken meatballs were delicious, but the beet salad knocked my socks off.  These two dishes were enough for a meal, too.  Prices were a bit high which is why o gave this 4 instead of 5 stars.Been eyeing this place for awhile and I finally got to try it! It's in a great location right on the corner. A friend and I dined at the bar on a Sunday night and it wasn't busy at all. I had the Razor cocktail and it was DELICIOUS. So refreshing. I had the roasted baby carrots as a starter and they were delicious as well. For an entree I ordered the sweet pea & truffle ravioli and to this day I'm still craving it.My husband, mother in law, and I went here for dinner with very big appetites, and therefor ended up ordering almost one of everything on the menu. It was all fantastic - everything from presentation to taste to portion size. Yummy cocktails. Great service. Good option for a date night or celebration. Can't wait to go back... and order 2 orders of fried goat cheese balls this time.Love the atmosphere-Windows open to sidewalk seating. Definitely check it out. Enjoyed a glass of wine,spinach gnocchi and done sides. The gnocchi was definitely filling. But a majority of what they serve are small plates. Go for the dates and Brussels. You can skip the broccoli and avocado side-I expected more on that one but it came cold and bland. Other than that-loved it!I try to only write reviews for places I continually visit and that offer consistently good product.  Not that this place does not! Just that I would normally not write a review for somewhere I've visited once. However there is always an exception. Thank you to the Chef for being open to my daughter's dietary needs. We spoke while he was leaving for the night and he went out of his way to ensure his staff was prepared to help us. Small menu, well thought out and very well executed. Great job guys and thanks again!!I would have given it no star if I could. Four of us made a reservation 1.5 hours before we went there and were told the table will be available in 1.5 hours. We showed up on time and then were told we would be the second party to get the table. Groups and groups of people keep coming in and every time we asked why people could get ahead of us they just told us we would be the next group to be sit. They kept telling us the same thing after 5 groups of people already got ahead of us. We stood there for another 1.5 hours and waited for nothing!!! Finally we decided to leave because they were totally lying to us! We would never go back. Don't go there when they are busy.  Seriously they will just keep lying to you and make you wait for nothing!You know, it's really interesting to read some of the reviews of this place. I get the feeling that the critical reviews aren't from people who are true "foodies" or wine lovers but people who go out of their way to be critical of a small business. You don't go to a place like this (or anywhere else for that matter) and bitch about the price of something unless the food is absolutely horrible and there's no way that claim can be made about this place. My experience last night was wonderful. This was my first visit and from the moment I walked in the door (my friend was running late), I was provided with a table. The menu was really inviting especially as we're both vegetarians and the food did not disappoint. We had the mushroom toast, broccoli and avocados, roasted cauliflower and the spinach gnocchi. OMG! What a feast! For the two of us, we were completely stuffed! Jason, the director of operations and also the wine buyer visited our table several times as we wanted to try different wines with each of the foods and the wines didn't disappoint either. He recommended perfect wines for pairing and at the end, when presented with the two options for dessert, we selected the tiramisu which is the pastry chef's own interpretation, it was absolutely delicious and Jason just brought us the Gerwirstziminer (sorry don't know how to spell it! LOL!). The pairing was so wonderful that we ordered another glass just to finish off the night. I was surprised that the total bill wasn't more than it was. The service, the attention to detail, the food and wine, this is my favorite place now and expect to be back several more times so I can finish working my way through the wine! The wine list changes as they go through their limited inventory of each wine so it's worth it to pay a visit just to check out what's new on their wine list. Especially loved the wines in the cruvinet! Overall, five stars without reservation and highly recommend to anyone who's a foodie and wine lover.Delicious. I actually like that they don't take reservations. It filters out the uncommitted. It also gives you a few hours to work up an appetite. The menu was simple but perfectly executed. I loved the pork Milanese although I did feel the apple accompaniment was quite boring and too acidic. The lasagna was great too. I will definitely be back. This is a great romantic option in the area and it won't break you financially.Went here for a few drinks after work last week. Had wine and the mushroom bread appetizer. The location is great for people watching, nice menu to choose from, and friendly service. I have wanted to try it here for awhile but the bar is always full which is not a bad thing. Would go back again.Completely overrated!
Very mediocre food.  Wine was way over priced and small pour based on what they described.  Very disappointed.We happened to stop by on impulse and found a gem! The service was excellent! The fresh oyster, shrimp cocktails and tuna and scallop tartare were fabulous! Our waitress, Kelly was able to help us match up the perfect wine for each dish! We plan to return often!3.5 stars for happy hour. Nice offerings at half price. Shrimp cocktail is fresh and tasty. Chicken meatballs are not bad but I did not like the carrots or crudo. The mushrooms however are really good. Beer and wine selections are nice and the interior is large with a lot of natural light. Professional if not somewhat aloof staff.Great food, but underwhelming service. Beautiful decor and warm atmosphere. I will return.
Green olives that they give you in the beginning of the meal were amazing. I usually don't like green olives, but these were so delicious.
Bacon dates were flavorful and very heavy (of course). It came with a green sauce that you couldn't taste because the bold bacon dates flavor, so there was no point to the sauce.
The spare ribs were amazingly tender. The sauce was almost like a light BBQ sauce. Amazing.
The Mediterranean board was just okay. I've had better hummus and falafel elsewhere. Th quinoa tabuli was nice. The warm vegetables were the best thing on the board. My biggest qualm was that the waitress just set the board down and walked away (this was a trend with our waitress). The tables next to us received a wonderful explanation of what item on the board us.
Scallops were cooked with a beautiful sear. The pineapple salsa was a bit overpowerd by the red onion and the scallops were over-salted.
Spinach gnocchi was nice and smooth, but I think a bit too wet inside (probably because of the spinach).
The service was underwhelming. We actually had tap water and she later (accidentally) refilled us with sparkling. Not to mention how the drop and go with plates.
Overall, definitely some high points and I would return to try more food. The drinks looked great too.Went here to celebrate a birthday.  Everything was fabulous- from the service to the food to the ambiance. 
Food favorites included: fried goat cheese, pearl couscous salad, short ribs over risotto (daily special), spinach gnocchi, and butterscotch pudding dessert. Vegetarian friendly place. Highly recommended. Make a reservation.This place is the reason why I crave and make broccoli avocado at home at the time now! Who would of thought of that combo? My friend took me here for dinner and we both really enjoyed our meals. I do wish they had a little bit of a bigger menu for entrees but I guess that's what makes each item special. I had the branzino which was really light and savory as it should be. My friend had the pork and he absolutely loved it. It comes with an apple sauce spread which apparently is delicious.I've been here twice now and am really liking what they have to offer. I've had a few of the small plates and salads.. so far the chicken meatballs, couscous salad and Mediterranean tasting board are my favorites. The tasting board is almost a meal in itself and perfect for sharing. Similar to Zavino, you have the option of half glasses of wine. I had the Razor cocktail (vodka, basil, lemon and mint) the other night and it was so refreshing. I'll definitely be back.Tredici was our Saturday night dinner this past weekend. We were visiting family in South Jersey and they brought us to Tredici after drinks at Time. 
The restaurant is elegant, modern, and definitely date-worthy, with a serious kitchen. There wasn't a miss all night. We ordered a bunch of smaller dishes family-style and shared (they encourage tapas-style dining). The cumin-roasted carrots with the yogurt-cilantro dip was maybe my favorite dish, but the Mediterranean tasting board, bacon-wrapped dates, saffron aroncini, broccoli/avocado plate, and beet salad were all delectable. The oysters (Prince Edward) were fresh and tasty, if somewhat small.
We also had some mains, which I somehow fit in my gullet: branzino, crab pasta, and big, juicy scallops. Yum. Hits all around.
I took a break from drinking here but there the drink list was solid.I went to the place with friends - cute atmosphere!  The small plates atmosphere was great for us as friends to catch up with one another and nimble at the same time.  I would recommend it more for a happy hour/drinks place versus a romantic dining option.  The noise level gets pretty high and I felt like I was screaming so my friends could hear me.  Our waitress was great and helped us decipher the menu options, how many small plates to order, wine options, etc.  Overall, cute place - great for drinks with friends!Awesome space and wonderful food. By the glass and bottle wine list and fantastic service. Will revisit soonAmazing staff, great menu, excellent chef. This restaurant is all around one of the best in Philly.4.5/5
I had a wonderful dining experience here. When we were seated we got complimentary olives. I don't even like olives and these basil infused olives were amazing. To drink I got a mescal cocktail, anywhere with mescal gets approved in my books. To eat we started with oysters that were fresh and were shucked right in front of our table. For my entree I got the lasagna and my friend got the sage gnocchi-both delectable and perfect portions. My only complaint is that they do not take reservations and when they first opened it was a 2 hour wait after I showed up to the establishment to get a table.I have been coming to Tredici since the beginning of June and have always had an amazing experience. The food, extensive wine list, and amazing staff have always created the best dining experience. The bartender Dan has always made my evenings after work better. He's very knowledgeable about every drink and food item Tredici has, and always is incredibly welcoming when I come in. The GM, Matthew, is also incredibly welcoming and kind every time I visit. The sweet pea and truffle raviolis are one of my favorites, along with the bacon wrapped dates. I highly recommend coming to dine here, or just coming in to sit at the bar for some drinks and good food. I will definitely make this a frequent spot of mine!Sansom Street closed due to water main break. Restaurant was empty but the hostess wouldn't let us sit outside to have a glass of wine in the beautiful weather. We went across the street (where it was much busier) and they let us. Shame on you Tredici. Not only did you lose a sale today while your table set empty but you will lose our sale every time we are in Center City looking for a place to eat or drink which is quite often. I give you a year max to be open for business because nobody seems to be going into your restaurant while the others around are quite busy.After walking past a jam packed Tredici for weeks I have finally had the chance to try it and I was not disappointed. The menu, although very small, had many items that caught my eye. My boyfriend and I went with the mushroom toast, the roasted cauliflower, the lamb lollipops and the lasagna verde. Everything was delicious, but my favorites were definitely the lasagna and the mushroom toast...GET THE MUSHROOM TOAST.. Just trust me.
Stop by and enjoy a glass of wine and some great food. Just remember they don't take reservations!Good first impression.
Found this place while scrolling through Philly Wine Week events online. Among the 3 wines offered for "Women In Wine," I really enjoyed the shiraz/riesling blend. The food was pretty good too, especially enjoyed the mushroom toast. 
What I really like about this place is that you can try different kinds of wine without breaking the bank. With half a glass selling for about $6, I can have wine pairing dinners without getting drunk-how great is that?Tredici was gorgeous inside with a ton of lovely wine options by the glass. My husband and I stopped in on a whim for a glass of champagne and it was as delightful as expected. From the limited amount of time I spent at Tredici, I found the bartender to be attentive and the glass of champagne was perfectly chilled and bubbly. I would definitely like to come back for dinner sometime soon.What a great addition to the center city restaurant scene. From the moment we walked in, we were in love with this new gem. The restaurant buzzed with excited energy and was comfortably full with satisfied patrons. The decor is very modern and we were able to see the chefs hard at work from the open concept kitchen. I went with a group of 6 so it was the perfect time to try and share the many different dishes on the menu. Highlights for me was the spinach gnocchi, fennel and pear salad, fried goat cheese, chicken meatballs and the lasagna verde. The food and the service was top notch and will definitely be returning. Great job Tredici!!I only recently started eating seafood and when I say I eat it I really mean I challenge myself to try a piece off another humans plate. 
However at this restaurant, I will solo order and re-order during the same visit the raw tuna dish. I love it and I love it a lot. 
Second to the tuna is the lasagna verde - really into it. The Mediterranean tasting board is worth a try as well.
The only reason I withheld a star is because there are a handful of plates I wasn't too impressed with - this includes the cumin carrots and the Israeli couscous.I've been here for drinks at the bar before and always wanted to have dinner. My friend and I walked in on a Friday night and the hostess was able to find us a table which was very lucky. The plates are smaller and meant to be shared. I ordered the spinach gnocchi which was delicious and plenty of food for one person. The sauce was delicious. My friend got the sea scallops and risotto which was on the smaller side (only 3 scallops). They were delicious as well. 
The ambience is great. It has very high ceilings and an open floor plan. The waitress was super friendly and very attentive. Our food came out super fast which was nice but they didn't rush you out at all which was also a plus. I will definitely go back again!This was a prelude to dinner at Garces. We kicked it off with some prosecco and mini eats. They have a great variety of cheeses and small apps. Great place for a drink or two or three! Friendly staff and good crowd!Great food and drinks. God awful inattentive service  that makes an otherwise pleasant experience. Won't be back.Awesome! Came for brunch with my two girlfriends and will definitely return! We shared a smorgasbord of bacon wrapped dates (best ones I've had in the city so far), Israeli couscous salad (burrata, need I say more?), the frittata and lemon ricotta pancakes. I know it sounds like a weird mix but we wanted a little of everything and there were certainly no regrets! Their Lambrusco was delicious as well! Also loving the ambiance and decor of the restaurant!Worst customer service experience I've had in a very long time. Do not go!! They intentionally lied to us. Here is the frustrating situation:
Tredici does not take reservations, which is fine. So our party put our name on the wait list and we were told that we will receive a text message in about 1,5 hours when our table is expected to be cleared up. After 1,5 hours no message, but whatever we went back and thought to wait at the bar. No space at the bar. But When we came in again we were told our group is up next for a table. We ordered drinks for about $70 (which we would have not, if we knew we were NEVER gonna get a table). 
A table cleared up, we were happy. Uuuups waitress apologized and said there is actually one party ahead of us, but we are up next. Well fine... 
Then three tables cleared up at the same time (those people have been sitting there a long time even after they paid their bill, so the restaurant probably asked them to leave). 
Then the most ridiculous thing happened. The restaurant manager comes up to us and thanks us for being patient...fills all three tables and says we are next! Seriously? What the heck. He couldn't explain why we were told the same BS over and over again, INTENTIONALLY Lying to us. Mentioned he will make it up to us, but couldn't explain to me how...
A long wait time is fine, would you have told us honestly once we got in, how many groups are actually ahead of us. Knowing that so many people are ahead of us, we wouldnt have stayed and purchased drinks. We were hungry. They knew we wouldn't stay and rather cheated us. BIG NO NO.I recently had lunch here with a friend and had an excellent experience. We had 3 appetizers, a pasta, and an entree between the two of us and the bill was about $50 per person which I thought was a little steep for lunch, but I enjoyed everything immensely. The appetizers we had were the fried goat cheese, arancini, and chicken meatballs. I was surprised and how much I enjoyed the chicken meatballs because in my experience, I have generally found them to be dry, but these were moist and the ginger in them really gave it an extra pop. The pasta course we had was the spinach gnocchi, which I can't recommend enough. They were delicious fried pillows of flavor with a beautiful marinara that tasted very fresh and balanced. The entree we shared was the steak, which was also well seasoned and cooked perfectly. The device was alright... Nothing crazy great and nothing bad. The only reason I docked a star is because while it was great, it wasn't an exceptional experience for a doing establishment in the city. Definitely worth a visit!Great service, perfect part of town, and great pairings with wine during our dinner (scallops and the rabbit) ! The Brussels sprouts were amazing !!!Enjoyed a great lunch with good company, good ambiance, and good food. I've walked past this place plenty of times, yet never walked in. The ambiance has always seemed inviting yet I wasn't sure of the type of cuisine served.
I had the chicken panini for lunch. The chicken was tender and the bread was fresh but all of the components didn't seem to go well together on the sandwich. Unlike the normal way a panini is served, this sandwich wasn't wedged together by melted cheese.  The sandwich was accompanied by a nice arugula salad. 
This place had great service and I will be returning.Very delicious! This is a great date night spot in Philly. I came with my boss and we ordered a bunch of food! I had the fried goat cheese with pesto appetizer and it was so good! Not super goaty and the sun dried tomato pesto was amazing. For dinner, I ordered the vodka gnocchi and it was great! I thought the vodka sauce could have been creamier but none the less I still ate the whole thing. For drinks, I ordered wine and enjoyed how you can order half glasses so you can try a bunch of different ones on the menu. I would highly recommend this spot!Great food and excellent service. I made a mistake and accidentally booked a reservation for a Tredici in NYC (oops). They helped us out and took care of us anyway, even without a reservation on a busy Saturday night. Great place to go, highly recommended, and we will be going back.The mushroom toast. Amazing.   It was like having a great steak without the beef. The Mora was a nice addition   A must have.  Was going to leave   Stayed for the bacon wrap dates and the fried goat cheese.  Yummy.Tried to dine here three times. After the third time of being forced to wait an estimated hour or more, I give up. I don't mind having a drink while my table is being prepared, but I'm not going to play your game of jacking up my bill with an hour's worth of cocktails at your bar because you are too cheap to institute Open Table. I will change my rating when you take reservations.Spacious and bright decor. Clean and modern with space below seating for your bags. Attentive staff. Food served tapas style as it is prepared/ready. Great food & drink selection. Coworker and I shared the fried goat cheese, roasted cauliflower, and raviolis. He also added a baby kale salad. Prices were reasonable for a higher end center city establishment.Every dish we had was excellent! And there was plenty of seating, the space was clean and smart, and the service was top notch.
Get the butterscotch pudding! I usually don't care for butterscotch, but their pudding was outstanding.I had low expectations after the mediocre pizza across the street (same owners), but wow. Everything was incredible. We (3 people) had the Saffron Arancini, Chicken Meatballs, Three Cheese Ravioli, Lollipop Lamb Chops, Scallops, Butterscotch Pudding, and coffee. Of course we had wine, too, but we aren't pretentious enough to tell you all of the flavor notes they had.
The arancini came out first. They were great. I honestly haven't had a lot of saffron dishes, so I can't tell you if the flavor was powerful, but they were tasty, better than some arancini I've had elsewhere. 
The chicken meatballs were next. I'm not going to lie. I probably wouldn't be able to tell the difference between chicken and turkey meatballs, but they were very good. The "ginger tomato sauce" complemented it well.
The "lollipop lamb chops" came with three for $24, which I found reasonable compared to places that charge $50 for four. The mint aioli was odd to me, and I found myself not using it most of the time. It wasn't bad. I just didn't prefer it.
The three cheese ravioli was very good. To be honest, though they were better than most ravioli I've had around here, it wasn't the best ravioli on the planet or anything. The tomato sauce was kind of boring, but the dish was very good nonetheless.
Usually, I eat quite a lot. so I was scared this place wouldn't be filling enough, but it was.
The butterscotch pudding was nothing short of an orgasm. This paired perfectly with french press La Colombe coffee. I'd have to say it was among one of the best desserts I've had at a restaurant with comparable prices.
Being a small plate restaurant, it's a little expensive, but I think it's worth it. Don't make it your life goal to make a reservation here (as it's very popular), but check it out if you can. I'd come back once in a while, but I don't think it was amazing enough to come once a month or something.This is my new fav in Philly. I have had dinner here 3 or 4 times. I always sit at the bar as I am alone on business trips. The service is perfect. Drinks generous. Their wine selections are very good even by the glass. Wide variations on the food here. I have had the half roast chicken twice and it is superb. Chicken, fennel, carrots and onions roared together in a roasting pan with a red wine reduction. This is a really amazing dish. The hanger steak is also very very good. I have not had the fresh seafood from the seafood/oyster bar but will be trying soon!! Don't let the construction out side deter you. Do try this fun energetic and delicious resto on 13th St.I went to Tredici as a surprise for my bachelorette party and was blown away! They arranged a large table, set menu and wine pairing for us. The food was unbelievable, very different and full of flavor! There was NOTHING basic about anything they put on the table. Even the bread with grilled with olive oil!
The atmosphere makes you feel like your in an old Italian restaurant that just got a fresh, modern makeover. There is a huge bar, perfect to stop in for a glass of wine.
The staff was so kind and accommodating, fueling our party with more bread (upon request) and water all night. They did not rush us at all and encouraged us to hang out as long as we liked. I will definitely be returning!Randomly found this for a last second dinner spot before an event. they dont take reservations but i was able to put my name in line over the phone. the wait time was 1.5 hours so make sure you get on it early. the ambiance was great and so was the food. not disappointed and have already recommended people got here. Prices are more than reasonable and the food was interesting and had fresh organic ingredients. give this place a shot.This is probably my favorite new restaurant in Philly. The food is delicious and the atmosphere is great. The only reason I am giving this place this rating is because of the service we had tonight. I called in today and was told there were no reservations, only first come first serve. So we put our names on the waiting list and were told the wait was going to be 45 mins. 45 minutes later we got a message that our table was ready so we walk to the restaurant and instead of being seated in the nice front area we were taken to the back area. I asked the host if we could sit in the front area since there were a couple of tables that were empty. Our host said that these tables were reserved so I asked her how they were reserved when they have a no reservation policy. She ignored my question. Anyways we had dinner and enjoyed our food. On our way out, I saw the host and told her that we were very disappointed in our table and by the fact that although she had tables available in the front of the place she made us sit in the back area. She said these tables belonged to people sitting on the bar who were waiting to be seated. I checked these tables a couple of times during dinner and they were empty until well over 30 minutes from when we were seated. When I asked her if all 3 tables were for people who were paying off their bill at the bar, she ignored my question and said that she's sorry and that next time I should be able to ask for a specific table. ( this clearly doesn't make sense since they don't take reservations) I am very disappointed in how the host randomly chose who sat in the front and who sat in the back and ignored their policy of first come first serve.I don't even know how to articulate the style of Tredici Enoteca, other than to say this is exactly how I want my home to look. And I'll take some of their delicious food too. We were advised to get 2-3 plates per person and 4 plates proved plenty for two of us. We started indulgently with the Fried Goat Cheese, which was very tasty with the two sauce options. I would have liked a little more bacon in the Brussel sprouts (in the dim lighting, I kept spearing what I thought was meat and getting mouthfuls of sundried tomato) and a little less pesto/cheese in the Kale Caesar Salad. But the Branzino was off-the-charts delicious and a surprisingly decent portion - I highly recommend this dish!I've been here a few times for happy hour and always loved the wine selection and appetizers. I just went for dinner for the first time and had the crab pasta. It was really good, but I didn't know there would be red pepper flakes in there because it didn't say it in the description. It was way too spicy for my taste and I wouldn't have ordered it if I had know how spicy it was. I would just suggest to specify things like that on the menu.We were attending a concert, and decided to try Tredici Enoteca for the first time.  We arrived early, in time for Happy Hour, and had two "special" offerings on the Happy Hour menu and a nice glass of wine.  Enjoying everything, we decided to order a shared Mediterranean platter, and that was ample to fill our bellies with great food in a really relaxing and comfortable space.
Dessert is always mandatory for us...and the Butterscotch Pot de Creme was not a typical selection for us, but it was FANTASTIC!  The salted caramel flavor profile made it less sweet than most butterscotch dishes, and it was actually "light" enough to satisfy without the typical heavy dessert.
Loved to learn they are opening another location even closer to our home later this year.  Can't wait to get there too.I have walked by this restaurant over 100 times and overlooked every time. After dining in I realize I overlooked it because it is the least desirable restaurant in the area. Probably why we were able to get a last minute reservation (and the restaurant was empty) on a Saturday night.  
The appetizer portions are extremely small. Ordered the fried goat cheese and arancini balls and received 3 tiny bite size portions of each (for 3 people). 
The lasagna was recommended on Yelp but was actually horrible. It tasted like a microwave dinner. The bill was steep for 3 drinks, 3 entrees, and 2 appetizers; We all left dissatisfied.This place is amazing. We stumbled upon it after a day is sightseeing. The wine is list great. The portions are small so plan on ordering things to try and share. We tried just about half the menu and the highlights were the lamb lollipops and the cannoli.Wow, amazing meal! I understand what all the talk is about! Truly one of the better meals in the past year or so. Had 5 tapas plates and one entree size crab pasta - all sensational! Our server, a lovely young lady was excellent. The design of the place is very cool too.After many months/weeks of anticipation, I finally got the chance to grab a (much needed) drink and a bite at Tredici with a colleague after work. As part of the Penn-Goes-to-Zavino-after-Work set, I was pretty psyched to see what their new sister (brother? are restaurants female like boats?) location had to offer.
First of all, as many have said, the setting is gorgeous. The snow flurries outside the window also helped set the mood, and made me think that this would definitely be a place that you would want to trudge during the next snowmageddon. The decor and lighting is warm and inviting - just sitting at the bar we were charmed, and the view into the dining area at the rear also looked superb.
We tried a bunch of wine and some bites, all of which hit the spot, although they didn't totally hit it out of the park. Bacon-wrapped dates can never go wrong with me, and the blue cheese added a nice tang. The fried goat cheese was kind of bland (I like a goat cheese that has a little more bite), but the pea shoot pesto helped to round the dish off nicely. Being good girls, we decided to get some vegetables into our systems with the broccoli and avocado because "how do you combine broccoli and avocado," and we were pleasantly surprised. The dish wasn't over-dressed, and the sesame brought everything together. 
We let our bartender take us on a small tour of the wine list, and I ended with a glass of the OCHOTA BARRELS "GREEN ROOM" 2014 from the Cruvinet that was really, really off the charts. A whole extra star for that and the rest of the superb wine list. If I lived in the neighborhood, Tredici would be a go-to after work spot, snowmageddon or not!If you walk in and you feel maybe not then you are making a mistake..this place has the most amazing, delicious and delicate selection of food that can be served. Not to mention the hospitality of the staff and the bar. Generous pours and very helpful and pleasing staff. Try before this becomes popular and you cannot get a reservation..thumps up definitely!!We came in a very hot night And we had to convince the hostess to seat us at a table in a cooler section, which she did. Our waitress was excellent, Cat from Belarus.   We each had a salad and a main which was more than enough food, they encourage sharing plates. We had the kale Caesar salad, beet salad , bacon wrapped dates and roasted brussels sprouts. All were very good.  Then one of us had a flatiron chicken which she said was very good, two of us had pasta with crab wish they were more than willing to customize, and one had the fish special, bronzino.   Well they said that food is served as it is prepared, it was only a few minutes between first served and less served.  We have wine by the glass and they even serve half glasses.
The lamb chops looked very good - next time!This place has only been open a week, so I think they're off to a good start, but definitely a ways to go. The food was good, some of it very good (green beans esp.), but we had a hangar steak that was smothered in an overly salty sauce--I don't think hangar steak should ever need that much sauce, particularly if it's not even good sauce. We had a dessert that was described as a "take on a cannoli with filo dough" that was not very much like a cannoli, just okay flavor wise, and messy. Overall, the portions are small for the price. For dinner, we spent $120 (before tip) on meals and 1 drink each for 3 people. I wouldn't have a problem with that if the food was terrific, but it's just not there yet.  
I had to use the bathroom twice and came across two very annoying things. The aisle way through the restaurant is fairly narrow and filled with a million servers going back and forth to the kitchen (not sure why, the restaurant was only half full). I had to dodge them, until one bus girl politely stood out of my way. Also, the original latches on the unisex individual bathrooms no longer work and have been replaced by a sliding bar closure. This wouldn't be a big deal except the original latches turned to read "open" or "occupied" and one is permanently stuck on "open" and the other on "occupied". So I ended up ignoring a stall that was actually open, to repeatedly yank on the handle of one that was actually occupied. It's a good thing the new latches are strong, otherwise there would have been a very awkward intrusion. This really needs to remedied post-haste at a restaurant of this caliber.This place is phenomenal. Unexpectantly stopped by while traveling for work and sat at the raw bar. It was definitely more than I anticipated for a dinner alone. 
The management and waitstaff are incredible (friendly, knowledgeable, upbeat) and sent out dishes to try on top of my order. 
Every dish was delicious and unique. The Broccoli & Avocado and Kale Caesar were flavorful and light twists on traditional staples. The manchego stuffed dates went to another level with their parsley dipping sauce. One of my favorite dishes was the tuna crudo which I was initially reluctant to order since tuna is rarely exciting. My server recommended it and I was so happy she did. This seemingly simple order was new and refreshing with their fresh ingredients.
I would highly recommend Tredici and have already told all of my Philly friends to go check it out. I hope work brings me back to Philly so I can experience some of the dishes I didn't try tonight!A very trendy spot with unique flavored tapas style dishes! We came here on a Sunday night for dinner, so it was very easy to get a table. Our hostess was incredibly helpful and thoughtful.
For example, we had ordered the fried goat cheese very excitedly. However, our hostess knew that we were all vegetarian and she came back immediately when she found out this dish was friend in the same oil used to fry another bacon including dish. We were so thankful for her telling us that and she even helped us decide on another dish that we could be just as excited about ordering!
The gnocchi is to die for!!!!! ABSOLUTELY DELICIOUS and so comforting and filling. It was a really interesting take on gnocchi and we devoured it immediately. We also ordered the broccoli which had an interesting tanginess, the ravioli which was good but nothing too special, the Israeli couscous which was unique, the roasted cauliflower which was very tasty, and a super delectable chocolate cake desert (100% recommended!!)We went to Tredici on a Saturday night in July and were pleasantly surprised we could be seated right away as I had heard this place is popular. The atmosphere was amazing with tables both inside and out with an open air feel due to two large open windows/doors to the outdoor sidewalk seating. 
Food and service was absolutely amazing. Our server took the time to explain several of the most popular dishes on the menu after asking about our preferences and diet restrictions. We opted to share the mushroom toast, Moroccan spare ribs, and the spinach gnocchi. All were very good although the grilled bread in the toast had a bit of a burned taste that was a bit too strong and we didn't care for it. The ribs and gnocchi completely made up for it. Ribs were succulent and well seasoned with spices and a bit of sweetness. The gnocchi had the most fresh tasting and slightly sweet vodka tomato sauce I have ever had. Gorgeous. Drinks and wine were also very good. Overall a wonderful dinner and perfect service. And I felt the price points on the dishes and serving size were right on. We will be back.Been here before with girlfriends for happy hour. The apps and pasta were delicious. I love how cute it is inside here. I want to come back and sit at the bar for drinks next time!Tredici has a lot of potential and is definitely worth checking out but it still has some kinks to work out. Our group of 4 waited about 30 minutes for a table on a Monday which we didn't mind. You can easily grab a drink across the street at El Rey or Vintage while you wait since the bar area/front of Tredici is a bit tight on space. The restaurant itself is beautiful from the tables to the artwork on the wall.
The Good: 
- Wine list is as good as advertised and not overly priced. Each person at our table had only one full glass but we all enjoyed them.
- Service was fine. In terms of the pace the food came out, the restaurant did a great job. We ordered four dishes from the small plates/salad/vegetable sections, finished them, and then ordered four dishes from the meat, fish and pasta section of the menu. All items came out quickly so do not feel like you need to order everything at once.
- Everyone agreed that the meats, fish and pasta items we ordered were the stand outs of the meal. The Hanger steak and scallops were cooked perfectly and layered with flavor. The Lamb Reginetti and Spanish Gnocchi were also flavorful and delicious.
- The space is beautiful and despite being a little tight, the noise level and lighting was just right.
Needs Work:
- The first set of dishes we ordered all lacked the flavor that our second courses had. The Roasted Cauliflower was cooked well but bland. The Baby Kale Caesar was fine but lacked kale. Chicken Meatballs were disappointing, while the table was mixed on the Bacon Wrapped Dates. Certainty none of these items were bad but for a tapas restaurant, you expect better from this part of the menu. 
- Our server was good but could be better. I prefer a little more guidance at a tapas restaurant when it comes to how much to order and our server didn't necessarily provide clear answers to our questions. He was very attentive without hovering though which was good.
Other:
-They had two dessert options, but we opted for Gelato across the street.
-In terms of portions, we had 8 dishes for 4 people. There was definitely enough from the portions to sample a few bites of everything. With 4 people, I would definitely recommend at least 4 items from the Meat, Fish, Pasta section of the menu. With 2 people, 2-3 of those items would be more than enough. We left satisfied but not stuffed which is what you want.
-Expect to spend $50 per person including tip. Give or take depending on how much you are drinking
Overall:
I would give Tredici 3.5 out of 5. It still needs some work before being in the conversation of a top 50 restaurant but overall, it is definitely worth checking out.I signed up to yelp after years of just looking specifically to voice my disappointment with this place.  
The good: Excellent wine selection, especially the premium wines from the cruvinet that one can rarely find sold by the glass (an '87 Rioja Blanco that was funkily fantastic and a '90 JB Becker Riesling that was also very nice).  The food is acceptable and the atmosphere rustic but modern.  On our first visit, when we enjoyed the Rioja Blanco, the manager, Jason, came over to talk to us about the wine and the restaurant and eventually gave us complimentary Moet.  Wonderful!  We thought we'd found our new favorite watering hole. 
The bad: My boyfriend and I came here five times in the first month it was open, four times on weeknights and once on a Saturday.  We were able to be seated twice, the other three times we had to stand around the bar while holding our coats and awkwardly trying not to be in the way.  We noticed other guests came in after us and received a seat despite the fact that we had put our names in for a table before them.  On one occasion there was a clearly unoccupied table visible from where we were standing, but it was never offered to us.  Unfortunately, reservations are not available.  On our most recent visit we stood behind the bar for about an hour, drinking premium glasses of wine, when two supposed first-come-first-serve bar seats finally opened up.  Just as my boyfriend sat down the manager came to say we couldn't sit there, because "an investor" needed those seats.  This "investor" looked at us, said "sorry guys" picked up my boyfriends coat and basically threw it on him.  Mortified, we chugged the remainder of our $16 glasses and went to Tria, where we were greeted by name, seated promptly, and treated to a delightful glass of '89 Riesling Kabinett that made us wonder why we bother going anywhere else for wine.  The only saving grace was that the bartender saw what had happened and didn't charge us for our drinks; a much appreciated gesture. 
My boyfriend and I have been fortunate enough to dine at restaurants around the world.  Vetri in Philadelphia, Angelos in London, and Allard in Paris have been favorites of ours.  This is the first establishment where I felt strongly enough to actually write a review- good or bad.  This place has so much potential, but more often than not, it has disappointed.I really enjoyed my time at this restaurant. My partner and I got a place at the oyster bar in the back, which is lovely, so we avoided the estimated 1 hour wait for a table. It's worth asking about for a small group, especially if some of you don't mind standing. 
We had seafood, mostly: great shrimp, great crab, excellent oysters. We also had the fried goat cheese which was perfect, crisp on the outside and warm inside, without too much crust. We also had dessert which was SO good. I had a chocolate mousse that was amazingly fluffy and flavorful. My partner had a kind of opera cake with almond, white chocolate, and pistachio. It was also great. The only weird thing about dessert is that they don't serve coffee, and they offer to get you a coffee from across the street if you try to order one. It's weird and awkward. Just get a coffee maker.
Our waiter was attentive, but he did rush the check a little. Our cocktails were good. The atmosphere inside is very sophisticated, and the design is beautiful, so that you feel cool just being there. It's definitely worth the trip.Was looking for a late valentine's day dinner place and I came across Tredici on Eaters heat map for Philly. No complaints about the atmosphere or the service & I really like their open kitchen concept. I don't think the prices are ridiculous either we got a good amount of food and for 2 people it wasn't a sky high bill
We ordered the baby kale caesar, Mediterranean board, ravioli, cauliflower, and the chicken. The kale caesar, quinoa tabbouleh and the chicken were outstanding. The pesto in the salad is what made it stand out so much. Not that the Mediterranean board wasn't all good but the quinoa was just my personal favorite & the chicken was incredibly juicy (and had crispy skin so that gets extra points for being cooked well). Unfortunately, I was really looking forward to the cauliflower dish but the honey chili flavor just wasn't there...I kept searching for it every bite and nothing. Lastly, the ravioli was just eh. Sadly, nothing too spectacular.
I would definitely recommend the restaurant though.Tredici has the most amazing food. It is a gem in the Philadelphia restaurant scene. The atmosphere is electric and the drinks are amazing!! They have this amazing tequila called Arta...if you haven't been there and had the oysters your missing out! Everything was delicious and the service was impeccable. So glad to be moving into that area and have it be my new go to spot!!Love this place! Great crowd, friendly staff. Outdoor seating if it's nice out. Great wine by the glass menu. Bartenders are great mixologist and make amazing drinks! If you love craft drinks definitely sit at the bar and watch these guys work their magic! The food is also amazing. Tastes fresh and for the most part clean and healthy! I'm not sure if you need a reservation, I've always walked in and was able to find a place to sit within 10 min. But if you're in a pinch for time, call and make one.I was very pleased with all the experience. The atmosphere and decor were in place. The space is beautiful and attractive. The food came out very quickly, and the service was excellent. Excellent night place.Holy moly this place is Philadelphia perfection. The perfect addition to the already amazing food scene on 13th street! Do yourself a favor and get these plates: broccoli and avocado, crab pasta (the best pasta I've had in a loooong time), scallops, and butterscotch pot de creme for dessert. The drinks are fabulous too! I had the Kentucky honey. It was the perfect combination of sweet and bourbon.The squid ink pasta is so good I ate it for dinner two days in a row while visiting Philadelphia for the DNC. The service is outstanding!Great place with phenomenal cocktails! The bartenders are so sweet, and the staff clearly gets along and is willing to include you in jokes and conversation if you're sitting there alone, as I was. Had two appetizers that were absolutely delicious, and large for their cost. Definitely would recommend - but have a reservation if you plan to go over the weekend.Came across Tredici while walking around looking for a place to eat. They have outdoor seating which is good if it's a nice day out. Ordered from the brunch menu the crab meat frittata and the beet salad. The food was good, nicely presented, decently portioned and a fair price. Just beware of the different wine prices, they offer half size wine glasses which came as a surprise to us at the time we got the bill.What a gem! We ate here for lunch, and it's definitely a "Repeater!"
We started with a small plate of Bacon Wrapped Dates. Delicious. They were stuffed with goat cheese and accompanied by a spinach blue cheese sauce with just a hint of Dijon. I followed with the pan seared scallops on a cauliflower steak. Wonderful. My wife had the shrimp cocktail from the Raw Bar. Big Shrimp. Fantastic. 
The wait staff was top notch and helped to make this such a memorable experience for us. We were so impressed. 
Highly recommended.Great place for drinks and food. It's a bit small (or intimate, however you prefer to see it) and they don't take reservations so if you're hoping for a seat during happy hour or on a weekend you either have to be lucky or patient. Everything was delicious and I especially enjoyed the yellowtail crudo and oysters. The Mediterranean board was very generous. They had a rally easy Viognier and tasty champagne for toasting!  Great place for a date or a girls night.A pleasant lunch outside in late May. The fried goat cheese ($12) was good and the bacon-wrapped dates  ($13) such a hit we tried them at home. Wine was typically over-priced at $14 for either Gruner Vetliner or Pinot Grigio.Everytime I pass, the place is always packed.  Finally last night after an extended happy hour, I stopped with a friend after spotting some empty seats at the bar.   It was about 10pm on a Friday.  The staff and service was impressive.   The waiter offered us the drink of the day, a "frose" which took me a few sips to get used to.  Both he and I think a manager asked us if we liked it, after I said "still deciding" they offered to replace the drink with something else at least three times!!   It was a nice drink, Just my first experience with frozen wine, and not my fave.   We then shared 3 small plates: chicken meatballs, bacon wrapped dates and the arincini.  They were all great, the dates were better than Amada's and the portion much bigger.  The Arincini was also one of the best I have had around and the chicken meatballs came in the deliciously flavored sauce, I think it was curry?
Anyway, I am glad I was able to get in, and can't wait to go back for a proper dinner and try the raw bar!   
Kudos to Tredici for a pleasant waitstaff, friendly bartender, and attentive manager.  The place is also delightfully decorated and very inviting.Was looking for a late night bite and we found the perfect spot! Small plates that were elegantly prepared and delicious! Upscale but friendly! We each had a glass of wine but could have ordered cocktails. Started with arugula and beet salad with ricotta... delicious. Next up fried goat cheese with romesco sauce..,very good. We totally enjoyed the hanger steak that was cooked perfectly. Last but not least was the apricot cream puff. Cream and pastry were both delicious along with the French press coffee.  Will be back again! Oh, almost forgot, the service was sooo good!Absolutely love this place. Great cocktails, great service and great ambience. Perfect place to go with a few girlfriends and share a number of plates. Highly recommend the chicken meatballs, Mediterranean tasting board and Brussels sprouts. Can't wait to go back!The Mediterranean platter was AMAZING!!! The oysters were fresh and smooth, wine options were great and the atmosphere was relaxed with a sophisticated glow! I would recommend this place to anyone looking for a delicious meal.Another gem found in the city of brotherly love. Nice ambiance, great atmosphere, great music, really sets the mood if your here with a spouse or friends for an after work experience. They served a delicious Mediterranean  plate with falafel, quinoa salad, himmus, Tuscan bread, green beans and red peppers. Also was served a cauliflower dish. Had a little bit of a spicy  kick to eat but was still good nonetheless. Ordered a mohito and has now become my favorite cocktail.Meal for two under $100 did not disappoint. Look forward to being a regular.After having drinks and apps at a favorite neighboring restaurant of mine, we popped in for a few more. 
ATMOSPHERE:
The space used to be a pet shop.  Now it's a modern and urban country kitchen that still smells new.  A small bar, booth, and regular tables fill the small space. 
MENU:
American apps, salads, meat, fish, pasta, and a late night menu which is what we ordered off of. 
BEER:
Primator Premium Lager - This Czech brew was mild and good. 
FOOD:
Green Beans - Simply steamed and topped with a seasoned tomato sauce of garlic, basil, and red pepper.  Good but boring at the same time.  
Moroccan Spice Ribs - I am not a rib fan but the other 2 people with me were.  The 4 ribs were tender and seasoned in a sweet sauce with an even sweeter sauce in a ramekin to the side.  Meh. 
SERVICE:
Casandra was our friendly and professional server.  
OVERALL:
Nice regular menu, selections for the late night menu are lackluster.This place was AMAZING! Definitely recommend the chicken meatballs and the ribs; my neighbors at the bar couldn't resist and followed suit and was not disappointed at all!Individual service was exceptional, as we came during after lunch lull.  Ordered several fun delicious small plates. Two thumbs up for presentation and taste.This is a wonderful gem in a city with many splendid offerings! I came with a party of five and we had a terrific dinner. We were pleasantly surprised when every one of our starters was excellent. Our favorites were the bacon-wrapped dates stuffed with Manchego and blue cheeses served with an aioli and the cold broccoli and Avocado starter. We adored the Moroccan inspired ribs that fell off the bone. Also great was the heaping mushroom toast! The service was exemplary; we had pleasant and efficient servers who truly knew the menu and the wines. We were not disappointed with our main dishes either. We had rabbit pappardelle, melt-in-your-mouth scallops, crab pasta, and hangar steak that was quite tender. The option to have half or full glasses of wine was a nice way to try several wines without being overwhelmed. The cocktails were fun, too, with a favorite being The Paduan. Be sure to save room for dessert. Ours were presented on a giant wood platter so that we could share. We had divine chocolate mouse, a butterscotch pot de creme, and a pumpkin pie cheesecake that was light and fluffy. The ambiance is fun and sophisticated, even for the small space. There was fun Motown and R&B music playing in the background. This is not a quiet or romantic place, but it is a great place to share conversations and phenomenal food! We don't often repeat restaurants because we always like to try a new one, but this is one of the few that we would repeat.Loved it and would send my friends here! 
I love the 1/2 glass of wine concept so you can try different wines to go with your meal. The food was all made fresh with seasonal things, the desserts were delicious. Everybody was really kind. 5 stars!!Really delectable cocktail with mescal, great atmosphere and very good food. The oysters were fresh and the spinach gnocchi with the butternut squash was very filling and had a comforting tone to its taste. Will definitely be going back!Really good fresh dishes, my almost 3 year old daughter loves the scallops and corn succotash. The beet salad was also excellent and having veggie side dishes that taste amazing made it easy to eat healthy which is always difficult at a nice restaurant.  The staff was very friendly and offered to put our stroller in the back to keep it out of our way. All in all a great experience.Came in a group of three for dinner and ordered two pastas and two small plates to share: 
+ yellowfin tuna ribbons (this was wonderful! Loved the avocado puree and the tuna melted in my mouth)
+ saffron arancini (came in 3 which was perfect for our group. This was satisfactory, not outstanding) 
+ spinach gnocchi (I saw someone eating this on my way in and absolutely had to order because it looked so delicious BUT I was slightly underwhelmed. The gnocchi is made into very large pieces, and I liked that it wasn't too dense, but it didn't mesh well texture-wise with the tomato sauce. The taste combined was wonderful, but the tomato chunks and sauce kept slipping off the gnocchi)
+ lasagna verde (favorite dish of the night! Tastes better than it looks!! Love that it was not too heavy and had a perfect balance of meat, cheese, and pasta. Would order again if I come back)
I definitely prefer the gnocchi at Zavino but was pretty satisfied here and would probably come back for happy hour!Went here because we were looking for tapas for a foodie day with my best friend after realizing the place I had originally chosen was closed. Expensive for such a small plate, but really good food. Very fast service as well. Paid for an hour of parking and ended up only staying there for less than 30 mins. Had the fried good cheese and oystersSUMMARY: good wine and beer here, but watch out. Our server gave us the MOST EXPENSIVE rose without asking us and only found out after the fact.
We came here to have drinks prior to our reservation at Barbuzzo (which was AWESOME). I enjoyed my beer and my friend ordered their rose. When we looked on their menu, we only scanned the drink menu. She saw a reasonably priced rose and just ordered "the rose." All was fine until I checked my bill a few weeks later. Now I should've checked the bill, but we were in a rush/a little tipsy so I just quickly added a tip and left. When I checked my credit card statement I was a little aghast at the amount. I looked at their menu and the rose + my beer didn't match so I gave them a call concerned. Apparently the waiter decided to give my friend the MOST EXPENSIVE rose, which also had NOT been updated on their menu online. Thanks for clarifying and just assuming. Now it wasn't absurdly expensive - I'll pay it whatever - but I just don't appreciate the UNDERHANDED way the server did this.Fabulous menu. Did the a la carte lunch menu, which is a smart selection of highlights from their full menu. Flavors with everything I tasted were robust and well developed. Service was on point and location is great.Ok idk about this place deserving 5 stars especially seeing all the hype about tredici but I will say I thoroughly enjoyed my dining experiences here. I came here for lunch 3 times in the past 2 months and it is a nice swanky spot to chill n relax on slow friday afternoon!
Food is ok. Pretty solid but it might not be super consistent. I ordered the express lunch 2 times to try some of tredici's signature dishes. I enjoyed the creativity while sticking the to classic American/Italian entrees incorporating spices like ginger to the classic tomato sauce in the chicken meatballs and the moraccan spiced spare ribs were quite good! i also liked the scallops and cauliflower in curry sauce.
when i saw crab pasta on the menu, i knew i had to try it! the dish is superrrr creamy! with lots of crab meat! it's stir fry quite well with strong accent of garlic! but it didn't wow me.. b/c the crab flavor didn't come through. even though that was the main ingredient, i thought it took a back seat in the dish.. unfortunately, i can only compare it to another pasta dish at cheesecake factory.  it's good but i'll forget soon.
my favorite part about dining at tredici for lunch is the dessert that accompanies at the end of the meal! you're in luck if they got cookies that day! they are fantastic! and really, what a treat! 
overall, praise to tredici.  it established a strong presence in the philly food scene and it's holding down the fort quite steady especially with so many competitors in that area! i can't wait to return!Love this place! Impromptu night with my EMBA cohort. We sampled everything thing on the menu. Absolutely Delish! My fave, the spinach gnocchi, the Mediterranean plate, roasted cauliflower and spicy green beans. Will definitely come again.Went on a Thursday- super packed but we luckily snagged the best spot at the bar. We go just to sit at the bar now- Dan is an excellent bartender. 
The drinks and service are impeccable! We ordered the Mediterranean platter and it was perfect!! Food is great for sharing. All the drinks are equally as good- hard to choose.  
Awesome date night spot- always on our list.After spending a day in Philly on a fun family day trip this was the perfect meal to end the day! Kevin, our server was pleasant and excellent and very accommodating to our boys. We happened upon $5 happy hour appetizers, which I highly recommend! The tuna tartar tartin was delicious and my 3 yo loved the jumbo shrimp cocktail. The entrees were lovely, particularly my scallops and lemon infused risotto. Husband had hangar streak which was perfectly medium rare. The venue was hip and eclectic. Overall a wonderful city eatery experience.Great customer service. Food and drinks came out quick. I tried pretty much everything on the menu and everything was absolutely amazing. No complaints! From the raw seafood platter, chicken meatballs, lamb pasta, spiced ribs, and the almond cake dessert. Everything tasted like heaven. It is a small little place but wait is not a problem at all. Very nicely decorated. Feels like you're eating in the comfort of your dining room. Will definitely come back again.I had been dying to try this place after seeing it on Uwishunu's "wine bars to try" list and I'm so glad I finally made it in. I was sad at first that there were no outdoor tables available, but the huge open windows and doors still gave it an alfresco vibe indoors. It's got a cool, upscale lounge vibe and trendy decor that feels very European. Ambiance is big in my book and this place nailed it. 
The wine was good and affordable (a huge plus in center city) but my favorite part by far was the spinach gnocchi. Really enjoyed the beet salad too. The plates are designed to be shared so my friend and I had four plates and left very full. 
The service was notable too. Our waitress was busy but attentive, and when she wasn't around other staff would step in immediately to serve and refill water, etc. We had to return one dish that had nuts on it because my friend was allergic, but they quickly and happily replaced it without fuss.
I will certainly be back to try more wines and plates! Definitely going to be a new summer go-to.Have you ever been to a restaurant where you enjoyed EVERYTHING that was set out in front of you? Well that's what happened at this restaurant. Absolutely everything we had was fantastic and I'd come here again in a heartbeat. The location is nice and clean and the service was great as well. I can't wait to come back and try everything on their menu!! I think the pictures of the food speak for themselves though! Try it!This is my 5th time here and honestly, this is my favorite restaurant in Philly. The preparation is perfect, wines are excellent, there isn't usually a wait.
I was tempted to leave a bad review because I'd rather have it to myself.This venue is beautiful ! We were with a larger group and the attention we received was over the top. Thank you David and Jason! We sampled a large selection on the menu and each one was delish! I especially enjoyed the meatballs and the pork dish. Their hummus was a huge hit at our table as well. Thank you Tredici...we will be back !!I love this place, I come for the Mediterranean platter. All the appetizers here are so good, that is all I eat. The lamb chops, mushroom flatbread, I might have an entree one day but I'm waiting to get bored with the appetizers first.It's so hot and we were looking for a nice place to cool off and eat. We found a gem! Everything was absolutely wonderful! The bacon wrapped dates were amazing. The shrimp are huge. The scallops melt in your mouth. And the playlist was fabulous. We were fortunate enough to be seated near the chefs and everything they were serving looked delicious. A great experience.Had the lasagna and I believe it might be the best I've ever had. Light, thin and very tasty. Portions could be larger but if paired with another dish/app along with the olives it makes a great meal. The atmosphere is very nice as well--open and airy. Will definitely be back.Great tasting food, although it was a bit pricey for the portions. Disappointed that there were no specials for happy hour. Every other restaurant on the block offers a happy hour!Sat outside on a weekday evening. Had wine and some small plates and enjoyed the circus going on around us.
The chicken meatballs were very good, enjoyed the tuna and avocado. Would definitely return.After my graduation, my family and I walked around looking for a nice place to have a celebration lunch. Tredici Enoteca had a very cute interior and no wait for lunch so we chose to eat here. For lunch, there is a tasting menu special to try either 2 or 3 for $14 or $19 dollars respectively. That seemed to be the best deal so we all ordered different variations of the 3 meal option. I ordered the baby kale Caesar salad, Moroccan spice ribs, and the scallops. We also ordered a bottle of sparkling ros. I thought the food and wine was very good but nothing out of this world spectacular. I would definitely recommend this place for a good meal at a nice restaurant. My family enjoyed it and it fit the occasion.Extremely small portion size for the price. Went home hungry. Maybe this is too elitist for the general public, maybe you come here to sample the food but not really have a decent meal. 16 dollars for five ravioli is outrageous.This was my first time at this restaurant so I didn't have any expectations. My party and I ordered a lot of appetizers which were good!
The chicken meatballs were decent-- I wouldn't say my favorite. I probably wouldn't order them again but they weren't bad. 
The Mediterranean board was delicious! The falafel balls were amazing !!! And although I wasn't a fan, my party loved the quinoa that was included. The hummus was bland for my liking but overall the board was good!
The spinach gnocchi was not good...it was bland and flavorless not a fan! But the butternut squash was a favorite. Definitely will get next time !My first visit will most definitely not be my last! I dined tonight with my dad for an impromptu late, light dinner. The gentleman who greeted us brought water for my dog and was very friendly by taking out drink order too. Our server, Kelly, was wonderful! She, too, was very friendly and knowledgable about the menu. She provided us with very good service as well! 
Highly recommend everything we ordered: bacon wrapped dates (the bomb!!), fried goat cheese, baby kale Caesar salad, and spinach gnocchi. The food was delicious, but I'll definitely be returning because of the friendly and courteous staff, especially Kelly!I went in not expecting much, but the food was fantastic and our waitress was so helpful and sweet. It was my friends birthday and she surprised her with a free chocolate mousse cake with a candle for dessert. She even spared us the singing which I thought was the best part.  I want to emphasize the service though, it was really wonderful and quality.
Everything we ate was phenomenal and their happy hour pricing was really reasonable! $5 drinks and small plates. They give you a generous serving of both. The steak was very tender and flavorful, the broccoli and avocado was cool and refreshing, and the ribs were savory and fell off the bone. Everything we had was delicious, I am definitely going back. 
Whoever designed this place did a spectacular job, it's airy and fresh and perfect for warm weather as they can open up all their windows into a patio sort of setting and there's outdoor seating as well. I was impressed. The music was just the right volume to keep conversations private but also add to the ambiance. Over all, a quality place I definitely recommend.My first time here and it's already become a favorite. Being located next to some of the best restaurants in the city, that says a lot.
 Everything was superb: Oysters, hanger steak, ribs and the best crab pasta I've ever had. The service was top notch, had 4 different people taking care of us.
I'll be again and again, for sure.Ridiculously good!!!!  Awesome spot...great service and great people.  You need to order the gnocchi!!!!I now understand the hype.  They have a solid wine, cocktail, beer menu.  they have 1/2 and full portion wines by the glass which allows for trying various glasses throughout your meal.   The decor is a mix of modern and vintage that translates to a very eclectic vibe.   With booth style seating facing the kitchen and bar, every spot is perfect for people watching.  We ordered the Moroccan ribs, chicken meatballs in Ginger tomatoe sauce, tuna crudo, lasagna verde, and kale Cesar salad.   Of those our favorites were the Tuna and lasagna.  The tuna was a standard thin sliced soy drizzled appetizer.  It wasn't anything new or innovative but sometimes a simple perfectly executed preparation is a home run.  The lasagna was out of the world delicious.   Thin layers of tender pasta, with savory bolognese layered in between.   I will be dreaming about this dish.Upon walking in I felt welcomed and was greeted immediately. The restaurant is beautiful! I sat at the raw bar and the food was excellent. The oysters were fresh, the chicken meatballs were delicious.  I wish I had taken pictures but I was too busy enjoying myself.  The service was friendly and professional.  The manager check on me to make sure I was content. I will absolutely return often!Small plates by design - think tapas. All very good though, just a bit pricey for size. Overall fun nightlife atmosphere, good food, a nice time.Tasty food
Decent champagne
Good service
Cute waiters
I shall ask for no moreFood is pretty good but portions are tiny.  Do not trust the pictures you see, they fooled us.  It is an Italian tapas kind of place.  If you are really hungry like we were, find another spot.  Again, food tastes great, but that's what you'll get a little taste.First time visiting with my husband and we were so glad we went. They don't take reservations, but we were seated immediately- I'm sure it helped that it was the night of the blizzard! Food was amazing, wine and service just as good. We had the bacon wrapped dates, ribs, spinach gnocchi with squash, lollipop lamp chops, scallops with lentils and butterscotch pudding with creme fresh, oh and complimentary olives. Very generous portions for tapas and loved the half and full pour options of wine, Caymus half poor for only $12.  
We will be back!This place gets 5 stars for the space that it is in alone...its absolutely gorgeous.  Beautiful inviting bar area and the other seats are an inviting mix of casual and dressed up.  The menu is very exciting and I would say the food was very very good.  Probably not the best I have had in Philly (because I have had some amazing food in this city).  So 5 stars for space and 4 for food.  5 because you have to go here.Had dinner here. The free olives they give you prior to the meal are fantastic, some of the best I've had. We ordered the Moroccan ribs, spinach gnocchi, cauliflower, and string beans.
Surprisingly, the cauliflower and string beans were fantastic, and the other two dishes were not bad - gnocchi were a little overcooked. Probably the best grilled cauliflower I've had - better than Zahav, for contrast. Green beans were in a tomato sauce and delicious. Ribs were well-cooked but the sauce was a little sweet for my tastes.
The interior of the restaurant is very well done, we were in the back dining area and despite being near the kitchen it was quiet and intimate.
Drinks were quite good, had a signature cocktail from the bar and really enjoyed it. Definitely recommend this spot for anyone seeking interesting tapas in center city.This is one of my favorite restaurants in the city! Their happy hour is incredible. The shrimp cocktail are huge and always hit the spot. My other favorites are the bacon wrapped dates and crab pasta. And to wash it all down, try the Mezcal cocktail on the drink menu. The service is amazing and always keeps me coming back. Tredici is a must if you're going to dine out in Center City.Delicious and creative  menu served in a modern, beautiful setting. Extensive wine list with great options from half glass to full bottles. One of our favorite restaurants in town.This neighborhood is the "Eat Street" of Philly. There is no shortage of restaurants to choose from but that also means you're competing with hundreds of other diners for a table.
On this night, without a reservation, we popped into a few hot spots with no luck. Tredici had a spot at an outdoor table so we gave it a shot.
Great food and an overall pleasant experience. The Greek salad is large and flavorful, made in the true peasant style of Greece. I can't recommend the chicken meatballs enough, so flavorful and wonderful.This place is super popular but we went early on a Monday evening and had no problem getting seated. I work close by the Midtown Village corridor of award-winning restaurants and have tried them all - this place had stiff competition in my mind and it did not disappoint!  The service was impeccable (and friendly). Not a fan of overly reserved and stuffy service where you're expected to automatically know every exotic ingredient. My husband and I split 4 dishes and ended with the sublime chocolate mouse hazelnut confection,  Every dish was lovely.  Moroccan spiced ribs amazing and fell right off the bone with an equally amazing side sauce.  Israeli Couscous was a large portion with fresh avocado, tomato and almonds throughout - wonderful flavor!  We had two pastas (they make almost all their pasta in-house) and both were superb but our fave was definitely the special - squid ink pasta ravioli with crab/cream cheese filling.  SO perfect and all the sauces were well rendered.  Small plates - yes - the lasagna and Ravioli (only 5) were not filling but 4 dishes for two were plenty!  The wine selection is serious.  I'd be remiss to not mention the beautiful interior.  It's splendid - modern yet warm and inviting.  An overall great experience - will definitely be back.This it my third time here- the tastes are very surprising ,and now that I tried everything on the menu , I can say this is one of the best in our city ;))
When u get there- try the Melbac!Can I give less than one?
My wife and I both work in food service and we know what to expect (1st time). We called around 1PM to inquire about dinner that evening. We were told no reservations but you could call about 20 minutes before arriving to get on waiting list. We got in cab from our house and headed out and called. They told us 1hr and 15m wait, no problem.  We went to another bar and after 1:15 wait, we headed over. The hostess told us we were the next 2 seat table, and that's when my wife inquired about the empty 4 tops.  They said they had parties of 4 coming, so cool we waited. After one 4 top sat for 30-45 mins and another for 15-20 we inquired again, and another about to become open (my point, they have a lot of 4 tops). At this point the mgr comes over and tries to seat is in their 'private dining area' which is the smallest, shittiest table in the back corner of the restaurant which would require us to almost climb over others; keep in mind there are two and almost a third 4 top table w/ no takers. After much back n forth I tell mgr last we just want to close out tab and leave. (Bar staff was awesome!). Then she comes back with the lame; I talked to my manager and we can seat you at a 4 top. Nope, 1st time, last time. Never even tried the food and it's sad cause I've heard good things. Never will back.Really enjoyed our meal. The fried goat cheese and mushroom toast were amazing. The lamb shank and butterscotch pudding were excellent as well. The only so-so item was the cauliflower. Service was on point.The service is impeccable. The space is beautiful, and the food is delicious. I love sitting at the bar, but bar seats can be hard to come by because each seat is very large and comfy rather than just a typical barstool. So, try and get there early for a bar seat. Happy hour specials are awesome.Had a very interesting dish of linguine, sashito peppers, garlic in a cream sauce. Very nice atmosphere, but was disappointed with the service. Yes it was Friday night and they were busy but so was every other restaurant that was competing with them. My waitress did not come and ask me even once if I enjoyed the food if I need anything else. I finally asked the busboy and he brought me some bread which I needed to sop up the wonderful sauce. Seems like the service here is hit and miss probably due to poor management but the food is excellent I'll be at overpriced relative to the competitionMy boyfriend and I went to Tredici Enoteca on opening night and had an excellent time.  The atmosphere was very clean, crisp, and unique to Philly, and are excited to return to taste more of the menu and experience the atmosphere. 
We were immediately greeted at the door and seated at the raw bar, which gave a great view of the whole restaurant. The bar chairs are totally unique- no other bar has these! 
To start, we were greeted with a small dish of green olives, which was simple and we were so happy it wasn't a basket of bread! 
The wine and champagne selection was great, and reasonably priced. I had a ros champagne, which they offered in a 3oz and 6oz option.
With the small plate concept we were able to order 5 dishes and we left full but not weighed down. 
 We ordered:
 Bacon wrapped dates stuffed with blue cheese. The bacon was rendered well, and good choice of blue cheese because not overly pungent, Chicken meatballs with a light tangy red sauce,
Charred cauliflower with a spicy drizzle and yogurt dipping sauce, Greek salad all ingredients were fresh and lightly dressed, and  last we had the pork Milanese with a fennel, arugula, caper salad. The pork was tender - not dry. 
We ended our night with a few glasses of Dom Perignon toasting to a new vibrant Philly restaurant, which we plan to visit again. Great job Tredici crew! We will be back soon!Food, drinks, and service here were excellent!  Small plates came from the raw bar menu (scallop crudo had the perfect flavor and texture) as well as some Moroccan ribs.  Both were unique and flavorful.  Our seconds were two of the pastas.  The crab pasta and the squid ink pasta with cockles.  I slightly preferred the crab pasta but both were excellent.  I would happily come back for more soon.Located right on the corner of my favorite intersection in the city, Tredici does not disappoint. When you first walk in you can't help but just take in all the beautiful ambiance. From the decor, lighting, and furniture it really is something to be in awe of. I love the chairs they have at the bar. so comfy and chi.
They have plenty of choices for wine and cocktails, however one thing i did notice is when you are given a glass of wine it somewhat not as full as say what you would get at Tra or Vintage. I hope they take notice and fix that in the future. 
Food is delicious here. My friend and I tried their chicken meatballs and the fried goat cheese. OMG it was amazing. The meatballs were not dry and let's be real there is NOTHING wrong with fried cheese  :) Plating it elegant and service is great. I love this place and i love that it's part of my neighborhood! Will be back soon!Stopped by here for dinner tonight. We were seated right away without reservation, but I'm sure you will need one if you are coming here during weekend because this place is just that good! 
Our server was very nice and friendly. My friend and I shared the date wrapped with bacon, the combination of salty and sweet didn't wow me, but I didn't hate it. It was an adventure to try it, probably won't order this appetizer again. My friend ordered salad, it was so delicious and fresh! I ordered the squid ink tonarellie, it was so creamy and flavorful, the fact that they put no/a little salt in this dish takes all the natural flavor out, i loved it! 
It's such a beautiful restaurant, very intimate environment. Good for a date night or couple friends hangout. Will definitely return!This is a review for happy hour. I have not had a full meal here. 
My friends and I (group of three total) split two small plates-- the fried goat cheese and the arancini. Both were absolutely fantastic. I didnt think goat cheese could possibly be more delicious than it is in its natural state--I was mistaken. Fried goat cheese is to die for. The arancini were also great; very flavorful. 
The service was great--our waitress was attentive and helpful. We were actually planning the birthday party of one the people at our table, and the waitress actually chimed in with great restaurant recommendations (after recommending having at Tredici of course). She made sure to stop in and double check if we wanted more drinks before happy hour ended. It was great. 
All in all I would strong recommend giving the happy hour at Tredici a chance. I'm looking forward to a full dinner experience in the near future!I had the mushroom toast and spinach gnocchi. I know a lot of people are saying the portions are small but I rolled out of there I was so stuffed! Both dishes were really good.1st visit for my Fianc and I. We frequent all the local spots but for whatever reason have yet to stop in. After a number of recommendations from friends and a busy Friday in need of a drink we had to stop. She loved her chicken entree and sprouts (late lunch) for her and I just grabbed the crab toast which was a good bit I wasn't hungry couldn't finish it all but did that night along with some of her chicken leftover. But the thing that will definitely have me coming back is the Kentucky Honey drink! Bartenders were great and it was perfectly made!Showed up late on a Sunday night after Eagles home game.  The Moroccan spiced short ribs were amazing!  Followed by the passion fruit panna cotta. Service was fast and friendly.  We will definitely be back!Great chicken meatballs and hangar steak.  Chocolate mousse was to die for and the coffee press had strong, but not bitter, hot coffee. Wine a little pricey - sold by the glass, but that let's one try several types and variety or options always cost.I paid more attention to the wine selection on my second lunch visit. You can order a half glass if you want to try different wines, and my wife and I ordered Muscadet ($7.50). The selection was cold, dry and sharp. Great for the last day of summer (2018) outside.  My wife stayed with the plan and had a rose, the best she'd had this year. 
We shared two small plates, Moroccan spice ribs ($16) and fried goat cheese. That was enough food for both of us. There were four ribs and prepared so that the meat fell off the bone.The cheese included two pestos (basil and red pepper) and the portions were generous, so more toasted bread would have been welcome.A group of us went here on a Saturday night before my brother was going to propose! We wanted a special, cute place. This was a small restaurant with a cool vibe and was beautiful inside. Prices were great in our opinions but servings were tiny, but they tell you it's shared plates. We got 8 drinks three apps and then for meals for under 200$.  Food was good and different. I think the aranchini balls were our favorite. Service was wonderful. The kitchen accidentally missed one of our meals and they compted it right away which they didn't need to do but did. Very professional, welcoming, and tasty environment. I appreciate them making our evening even that much more special. Thanks!Finally made it here, they make great use of their space--feels very airy and modern. Oysters were perfect, lamb chops were well seasoned and the roasted truffle mushrooms came out in a mini crockpot and were SPOT ON. Lots of dates there every night, take your boo but be warned they're perpetually packed, so plan accordinglySuper uninspired food and maybe the worst service I have seen in Philly in two years. Basically they sat us outside and forgot about us. No water. Didn't clear. We asked for bread and it hadn't come by the time we were finished with our meal. Won't be coming back.Very eclectic Mediterranean type food. Atmosphere was very intimate. Drinks were excellent, service excellent, food delicious. The chocolate mousse dessert is one of the best I have ever had!Tredici has a really great staff & atmosphere, plus delicious food & drinks -- all at reasonable prices. Important note: no reservations unless they end up changing their policy, but I like it. The place looks smaller than it actually is. There's a section in the back with 6-8 more tables, so don't be fooled if you see the bar & all front-section tables occupied. There may be seating in the back dining area.
Tredici is small plates. They recommend 2-3 dishes per person. My wife & I ordered 6 dishes + a shared dessert. We probably could've gotten away with 4 dishes + the shared dessert & have been just fine. Food comes out as it's ready, so maybe err on the conservative side & order more if you're feeling you need more food. 
We had the bacon-wrapped dates, chicken meatballs, tuna crudo, moroccan spice ribs, brussels sprouts, and spinach gnocchi. All really tasty. The only thing I would pass on or replace are the brussels sprouts. They were definitely good, but I don't think they were unique in anyway. Probably could've ordered the same thing at another restaurant. Everything was super flavorful, especially the bacon-wrapped dates, which were very rich. The chicken meatballs had a nice, subtle hint of ginger to the sauce. The spinach gnocchi was really fluffy, though I'm not sure how gnocchi is supposed to be, but we really enjoyed it. A nice bonus -- they give you complimentary fresh olives to start your meal. For dessert, we had a deconstructed tiramisu dish that was very good, though I'd probably prefer a traditional tiramisu.
They service wine, sparkling beverages, cocktails, and bottled beer. We went with the wine & prosecco for dinner. The cool thing is they serve their wines in half- or full-glass servings, where a half glass is approximately 1/8 of a bottle & the full glass is approximately 1/4 of the bottle. There isn't weird pricing to get you to go for the bigger glass. The half glass is exactly half the price of the full glass. Let's you try a whole bunch of wines without having to splurge on full glasses.
As I mentioned, the prices weren't bad. A total of 6 savory dishes, 1 dessert, and 4 half glasses of wine came in at just under $100 before adding tip. It's a great value for excellent food.
Service was awesome too. Really friendly & knowledgeable waiter.Such a good decision to have a late lunch. We came in late Sunday afternoon after a lazy morn' at home. Too warm to sit outside but we loved how casual the place was and doors were open almost feeling like we were outside. Ok the food - we ordered a few dishes to share, that's normally how we prefer, and of course first the wine. Our wait staff suggested their Ros and I quite enjoyed it -  an off dry with Sangiovese grapes and complemented our meal.
First was bacon wrapped dates stuffed with cubes of manchego and blue cheese...it was perfectness! Crispy bacon and salty cheese with sweet dates-ooh prob a food O. !
Saffron Arancini (deep fried balls of risotto) was next - great flavors of saffron and actually felt quite light unlike most other places that feel to 'ricey' (no such word but you know what I mean). Loved the sauce too...
The Moroccan spice ribs (pork) was tender and I thought the scallion on top was superb - just wished the sauce was a little drier and more Moroccan spice - a tad bit sweet for me.
Israeli couscous was refreshing-flavors of basil, fresh tomatoes and coriander seeds was interesting. We normally see this dish more lemony but this was refreshing. Really enjoyed it!
Our final was the squid ink tonarelli / tossed in light garlic cream sauce with plenty of cockles & shishito peppers. This was a divine combination of flavor, texture and finesse! 
Compliments to the chef...we'll definitely be back.I stopped in for a quick bite of lunch and barely saw the bar but it seemed open and gorgeous.  Very lively for a week day afternoon, too.   The menu had many temptations, but I settled on the spinach gnocchi, which arrived plump and tender on tomato sauce.  The service could have been better (e.g., the host was on his mobile phone half of the time).  I'll have to stop in soon to taste the rest of the menu and enjoy the rest of the neighborhood scene.Ribs were a must have, but none of the dishes disappointed.  Welcomed addition to an area of the city that's typically difficult to walk into without reservations.Amazing! We ordered the Mediterranean player and the seafood crab pasta and both dishes were fantastic. I will definitely return. We sat at the bar and the drinks and service was also great.I've always been a huge fan of Zavino- both 13th St. & U City, because of their approachable, quality food, delivered with an upscale twist with great service- which is why I had to try this new spot out! 
Tredici is a more upscale, sophisticated, and "grown-up" spot. The restaurant has an unbelievable sexiness to it, from the lighting to the decor, and everything in between- WOW. (I loved the decor so much, that I have been trying to google/track down the mirror that is framed multiple times so that I can purchase one for my apartment!) 
They had a full bar- I wish I would have tried a specialty cocktail, but they made a great dirty martini. But what is extra special is their extensive wine program- with multiple different oz. pours, for sampling or sharing and their champagne offerings (from Veuve to Dom by the glass)! I also enjoyed their raw bar- I tried the oysters and the crab claws and they were extremely fresh and delicious. 
The small plates are all great for tasting and sharing. I went with a larger group and tried a lot of the dishes. Some of my absolute favorites were the Moroccan Spiced Ribs, the Lollipop Lambchops, scallop skewers, and the bacon wrapped dates (such a rare dish- try these!). The greek was my favorite salad and the tuna was my favorite crudo.  
The service was great, & staff was extremely friendly and well educated on the menu.
I can't wait to go back, for date night, or for drinks at the gorgeous marble bar in one of their swivel stool chairs!Great place, new, fairly un-marketed outside.  Kirsten at the bar is amazing and the food was on par with the ambiance which had a busy but classy vibe. I had the lasagna which was better than the lamb pasta.Wow I am floored. Excellent service at the front- she was upfront but also courteous and was seated via text within 30 minutes during a busy time! 
The food was plated beautifully, servers were keen on refilling water and the ambiance was nice. On a busy Friday night it wasn't overly loud and had a nice spot on the corner of a busy street. 
I definitely recommend the cous cous salad it was delicious - dressing on the salad was light and not overbearing. Refreshing portions and beautiful plating :) 
Many of the dishes are in the trend of sharing with everyone at the table. So definitely prepare to have a great social evening with your party!The place is very nice with the decor and the ambience.  Service was wonderful you couldn't complain as the food came out so quickly.  Most likely I wouldn't could back bc the food wasn't that good.  We went for happy hour so ordered off the happy hour menu and only liked 1 of the 5 things we ordered.Wow, top notch food and service. My date and I shared the bacon wrapped dates, ravioli,  Moroccan braised short ribs, and green beans.  I can't say enough; we are both so impressed.Fantastic spot, this review is long overdue.
So I had a few glasses of wine (full pours) all of them excellent and selected by my superb server. Had a bit of the raw bar: stone crab claws, and a shared shrimp cocktail. Both were an expert mix of seasoning, but still allow the premium ingredients' tastes to shine through.
Had the Mediterranean tasting board also, the hummas was very good. Not too salty, or too heavily seasoned. The falafel was the star of that dish, though. As someone who has traveled quite a bit, the dish was second to only a small shop in Isreal.
The entree, fittingly, was the best course. I had a hanger steak, medium well. It was seared (just how I pictured med. Well) and sliced into long strips with a nice color on the outside, and a bit of pink on the inside. This is served with my personal favorite condiment to steak, fried onions. Also, a nice red wine reduction. 
Overall combination of service,  food and ambience is great. Would recommend this as a nice alternative to the usual upscale casual restaurantsGreat place! 
Small and quaint and food is fresh.  
Staff was very attentive.  Look forward to going back.Place was good. Ate late at night so menu was slimmed down. All plates are small, however very delicious. Would be good for a happy hour spotMy, oh my! Have I found my new go-to spot for drinks and nibbles with my friends/colleagues! I could not be more pleased with the opening of Tredici! From the moment you walk in the door you can feel the relaxed, yet sophisticated ambiance that exudes from this bar. 
The already crowded bar (yes, completely full by 5pm the second day it has been open for business...bravo!!) ended up being an unexpected treat for my friend and I! We were seated at a brilliant two-top booth that gave us the feeling of being involved with the bar but the privacy to catch up uninterrupted. These booths run parallel with the wet and raw bars in the front room making it, in my opinion, the perfect spot for after work drinks or the beginning of the night festivities.
Specialty cocktails were all delicious. The bar offers a wide assortment of sparkling drinks as well, a personal favorite. 
The food, fabulous. Highlights for me would have to include: both the tuna and the snapper crudos, hanger steak, broccoli and avocado side dish, green beans, and ALL OF THE PASTAS.  I find myself pretty picky when it comes to pasta eating but each dish was cooked to perfection.
I am one very happy and very full customer! 
See you all again soon!This establishment is a half block from our house.  The staff is always wonderful, but the menu changing has proven to be a dissapointment with us who live in 19107.  The key to success is constancy .  The menu changes so frequently that eating in this place is a gamble.  Hats off to the staff Becuase they are wonderful, but our local groupies have stop patronizing for dinner and only come in for drinks.Incredible venue ! Tried many of the dishes and was not disappointed in any way . The menu is varied enough to please everyone . Service was outstanding . Save room for dessert ... You'll be glad you did ... cannoli was incredible !We've visited several times and, with the exception of brunch, it's always been a knock-your-socks off experience. Beautiful use of space...this restaurant is stunning. The acoustics are nice, the service is exceptional, and the music has me constantly referring to my Sound Hound app to find out what fabulous song is playing. Typically we order 3-4 items and share. I've had the flatbreads (the honey and ricotta is to die for), the bacon wrapped dates (a MUST), the San Daniele Prosciutto, the lamb chops, chicken and a few of the pastas (the spinach gnocchi is highly recommended). The salads (my favorite is the beet), as well, are excellent. Dessert, as well, is amazing. The olive oil cake and the butterscotch pudding are both so outrageously good that we can never decide and usually split both ;)
Brunch was the only disappointment and is not recommended.Amazing food!! Great spot to get dinner with the girls or a cozy date night. The pesto gnocchi is amazing and the crab pasta is my favorite. The decor is unreal!Finally! I'v always wondered why Philly didnt have an upscale, comfortable, place like this and now the Zavino family made it happened. Perfect for any type of night out, I would go with a group of friends, date night, or just a relaxing night to catch up with someone. Its exactly what I've felt was missing and what makes me jealous when I visit other large cities, but Tredici fills the void! You can get anything on the menu and enjoy it. Definitely try a specialty cocktail, they are fresh and well executed. Get in while you can, its definitely Philly's biggest hit on the restaurant scene.No reservations taken! We went on a Saturday afternoon and sat at the bar. We had a couple cocktails off the menu that were very good and crafted quite well by a bartender that knows what he's doing. Well done. We Share two small plates - a Very good tuna dish and a Mediterranean sampler that was hit and miss. Great ambience.Wow!  So this place is more tapas like as you should order several items to complete a meal.  In my case I was solo on biz and opted for a salad, lamb, and a side veg.  Overall food was solid and service was pretty attentive.  Add a couple glasses of wine and I'm at 80.00-  it's what came with it that had me appalled!!! I sat at the oyster bar only to have a front row seat of a cook dig his dirty fingers in the salad items (cucumbers, onions, etc-  as this went on all night) and chomp away while engaged in deep dialogue with the salad gal.  Are you kidding me?  Where is the etiquette?  Do you not know any better?  No shame,  and outrageous in front of all your high paying guests.  Had the manager been off his phone maybe it would've grabbed his attention... #neveragainSmall plates, big on atmosphere and service.   Group of four 9 different dishes EVERY ONE was on point.
Super cozy spot, great addition to the neighborhood, which has an abundance of choices for dining.    Wine pours are healthy and priced to try wine as opposed to committing to a bottle.
DEFINITELY try this spot.  Service was spot on.  Had walked in the week before just to scope it out.  Staff was welcoming.   Add that to the atmosphere and we hit it a week later.  Our server was as good as you can get.
I would give it 5 starts but I would have to go again to commit to that.
I've already been so go.Tredici is gorgeous. I came here with friends on a rainy night while we were waiting for our table at their sister restaurant Zavino across the street. We were just at the bar for a glass of wine, but I immediately knew I needed to come back ASAP. The atmosphere is sophisticated yet casual. I can't wait to come back to try their food!What a fantastic find ! I've been trying to come here for over a month now. Unfortunately they only serve dinner so I had to strategically make plans to eat here.
That aside, it was totally worth the effort!
Came here on Thurs evening at 6:45pm and we were seated right away. Given that they don't allow reservations, they're very fast to greet and seat. As soon as I walked in I noted the bright but simple decor. The lights made everything classy and romantic. A great place for GNO, a date or hang out with coworkers! The customers were dressy and trendy so keep that in mind when you check this place out.
Our waiter and his trainee were very friendly and attentive. They continued to check up on us which was nice. They offered us in house stilled water or sparkling. Now, onto the food.
The winning dish was hands down the spinach gnocchi, which we ordered on a  whim. It was just right on texture and the sauce was delicious. You could actually taste the spinach! 
We also tried the bacon wrapped dates which were yummy - the sweet dates filled with cream cheese (?) Complimented the saltiness of the bacon. I didn't care too much for the dipping sauce, which was a yogurt like sauce, because I felt like it covered the flavor of the bacon and dates. The beets salad was so so good - they used golden beets which are my favorite because they're sweeter.  The salad that was paired with it was fresh. The squid ink tonarelli was good in flavor but a bit too chewy for my preference, but that's my biased opinion. In addition, I was pleasantly surprised by the roasted cauliflower. Most places throw some spice or salt and call it a day, but tredici's version actually has a kick! Since I love spicy food, I really enjoyed this dish.
Our bill came out to $60 for 3 people. Not breaking the bank and you get quality food! It's definitely a place I recommend going with 3-4 people so you can share because the portions are modest - more like tapas style.
Definitely a great place to check out considering they have vegetarian options !I was completely charmed from the externally unassuming treasure that is Tredici Enoteca. My colleagues and I were traveling on business and found ourselves with no plans for dinner at roughly 8pm on a Wednesday. Hopping a car to Tredici was the best decision we made all day.
The restaurant is elegantly casual. The wine list is lovely. And every single plate of food was delicious. The meatballs aren't your standard fare - they're an unusual hybrid of Italian and Indian with a backdrop of ginger that's surprisingly beautiful at every bite. The golden beet salad with ricotta and arugula - while not as original as the meatballs - was a dream. And the spinach gnocchi lives up to the buzz. The lightly seared green little pillows sat atop a tomato-y bed of buttery onions that nearly outshone the gnocchi in sumptuousness. Honorable mention goes to the roasted mushrooms with chickpea mash and truffle oil.  
Other notes: 
We found the serving sizes to be completely appropriate, as they were sizable even to share between three adults. 
The service was lovely. We completely overstayed and were treated very graciously. 
My only wish is that I were in Philadelphia more often, so I could roll around in those meatballs more often.Amazing space and great "express lunch" special - broccoli avocado salad is a must order.My first impression of Tredici Enoteca was that I had stumbled into an upscale hotel bar. Heavy bar stools with brocaded fabric line the marble counter, and the seating recedes deep into the restaurant, past the semi-open kitchen. I snagged the last seat at the bar, excited for a solo dinner.
The first thing I ordered was the Mora cocktail--gin-based, of course. The bartender seemed to like my choice, because he proceeded to sing "That's Amore" to me as he prepared it. I sipped at the drink; it was delicious, not too fruity.
I first partook in Tredici's "Caesar" salad--pumpkin seeds and kale created the first unexpected flavor of the evening. In my woefully limited imagination, I had expected croutons and a creamy dressing; what appeared at my seat was far more subtle. The tastes and textures were there, but they were teased just enough to avoid being labeled boring. The second dish I devoured was the reginetti, which was served with mint ricotta and shreds of lamb. Mint and lamb together aren't uncommon, but melded with pasta and tomato sauce? The thick noodles complemented the slivers of lamb and clouds of cheese. I washed it all down with a glass of shiraz (from their tap selection, believe it or not). 
I was in heaven and I can't wait to go back.Excellent. Well made, thoughtful food. Great decor and ambiance. The kale Caesar salad isn't really caeser, but it's actually better. Duck fettuccine is amazing, and so is the crab pasta. Very reasonably priced for the quality. Highly recommended.The space itself is beautiful - this is a place where I would like to sit at the bar.  The staff was very friendly and our waiter did his best to guide us through the menu and offer suggestions.  We started with the Spiral Zucchini, which had a nice hint of mint.  We followed up with Lasagna Verde and Spinach Gnocchi entrees.  We didn't feel like we had enough to get full, though, so we ordered the Broccoli & Avocado, which I found interesting and delicious.  So, why only 3-stars?  Well, aside from the Broccoli & Avocado, all the plates were small.  And they weren't cheap, either.  While I'm not opposed to spend money for good food, there frankly wasn't enough of it and we left kind of hungry in lieu of spending more.  Lastly, we were in & out of there in less than 30 mins, which felt rushed on a rainy Tuesday night.  I'm not wow-ed enough to go back and I'll gladly choose Zavino if I had to pick between the two.i didn't know what heaven tasted like till now... definitely worth the price everything tastes amazingA really great meal with staff to match.  We went for a quick dinner before a show based on its reviews and it did not disappoint.  I love that you can order a half glass of wine.  Menu is great.  My wife and I shared everything.  The beet salad was wonderful and perfect for sharing.  The ricotta cheese with honey could be eaten alone.  We then shared butternut squash ravioli and the branzino.  Both were excellent, fresh, and perfect for sharing.  Staff was helpful and interactive enough to serve us well.
We already have our reservation for our next pre-show dinner.Saturday evening I strolled into this place with my parents. I swear I also have friends. 
My parents are literally, as my dad would say, "deaf as a door nail". Most fun places, especially on a Saturday and within the confines of walls, are loud. Bc my mom complains frequently, she asked the hostess if we could sit outside bc it was too loud. The hostess was super accomodating and understanding and made a table available in the back where the environmental noise had slightly fewer decibels. Unfortunately the plate of olives that was placed on our table did not travel with us. I knew at the time I should've grabbed that shit. 
They do a few unusual things. For starters, wine comes in 2 sizes, allegedly to allow one to "sample" different wines. That would be fab except the half glass is almost the same price as a full glass elsewhere. Call me crazy but I find it presumptuous to charge $14 for 6.16 oz of vino. 
Secondly, plates are smaller than what I'm used to in 'MURICA. Allegedly again this is meant to encourage sharing but that seems counterproductive to me. Wouldn't you be more inclined to share a slice of pecan pie if you had the whole pie rather than a slice or two? I know I would. If they're trying to facilitate SAMPLING, that's a different story. I would be more apt to sample if the dishes had a smaller price tag. 
Constanza ordered seafood spaghetti and michael lasagne and cauliflower. I ordered a cider and the spinach gnocchi. After being informed by the waitress of the smaller sizes, I impulsively blurted out a side order of broccoli and avocado. 
Gnocchi: I don't usually go for chunks of tomatoes but that fucking sauce was delicious. I suggested constanza try a fork-full and her reaction was a close of the eye lids and a "mmmmmm". Bc of the limited quantity of gnocchi and my intention to fill every square inch of my stomach, I made an exception and shoveled the tomatoes in as well. 
The gnocchi was burnt which really detracted from the flavor, I'm not keen on char. I'm not sure what the purpose of that was. 
Brocc and 'cado: DUH-lish. That sesame sauce was really tasty. I tried to save some cados for constanza bc she LOVES that shit. You should see her with a whole one, sometimes I'm worried she'll unhinge a jaw. 
Cauliflower: miss for me. Even though I have a soft spot for dipping sauces, the sauce just didn't tickle my taste buds. It comes with a side of white stuff though, and I am a sucker for white stuff. 
Seafood pasta: constanza said at first it was just alright and I called her out on her shit when she told the waitress it was "great". She's such a people pleaser. She said it grew on her and she enjoyed it by the end. 
Lasagne: michael said it was good but unusual. I'm running out of steam writing this. 
Anyway, I'm tired of this. Bye.This restaurant is easy to miss due to the other really good options on 13th street. Food wise, the menu has a good number of small plates which make for good, shareable appetizers. The bacon wrapped dates are particularly tasty. I had the Moroccan spice ribs small plate, but I wouldn't really recommend those unless you like your ribs more savory than sweet. Two small plates and a large plate ended up being more than enough food for two and the crab pasta we ordered as the large plate was fantastic.
Because of the location of the restaurant, it can feel a little cramped. The front of the restaurant is very busy and the outdoor seating is a little cramped. The only real downside to this restaurant, though, is the fact that their happy hour only goes from 4-6pm.Food, environment, service all make me wish I lived in Philadelphia.  Even if you only vaguely like Italian food this place is a must!Fantastic happy hour! The $5 small plates and specialty cocktail were great and the bartender was lovely.Had a great dinner at Tredici Enoteca the other night, although it did take about 10-15 minutes to be seated for our reservation. The ambiance was dimly lit but warm and inviting and cozy! I was impressed by the heavy pours of wine we were served and was definitely loving that. For our appetizer we got the Mediterranean board which was amazing! All of the sauces were yummy, as well as the falafel and the couscous. For our entrees, my friend and I both got the crab pasta which was AMAZING! It tasted like summer was here already! So yummy with great portion sizing. Service was a little below average for a Thursday night, I would say - our waiter seemed to be serving a lot of tables so it was often difficult to flag him down at times which led to double orders of drinks when multiple servers would approach our table to help out.... overall, I would definitely go back and would highly recommend otherwise!We had the bacon wrapped dates that were superb along with the fried goat cheese as appetizers. As a second course we ordered the spinach gnocchi that was a little underwhelming. I like the fact that it had a quick sear-like texture but felt they could have done just a bit more as far as their seasoning goes. In addition to the gnocchi as second course we had the morrocan Spiced ribs. All we could say (we actually yelled) was WOW! Exactly how ribs should taste. For our entrees we had the lamb lollipops served with some type of mint sauce that separately was forgettable but together proved to be an amazing pairing. We also enjoyed the lasagna Verde that was small but outstanding.The cocktail list could use a bit of a sprucing up but had an interesting wine list. The pot de creme was spectacular!
 All in all this was an amazing experience. Service was good and quick. Our server was Sophia and she was very knowledgeable about the menu. Keep in mind the food is meant to be shared. We will definitely be back.Quite charming. Grabbed a spot by the bar at around 7:30. Service was great. Drinks are on the sweeter side (at least the spicy jalapeo and the Paduan) I loooove a sweet drink. Food: YES to the oysters(I kept the mignonette sauce....it's so tart and salty, I love that ...it comes in a stainless steel mini cup that looks like a shot, I almost drank it like a shot...I also think super tart sauces are immune boosters...ok, I'm off track back to the food)
Crab cake: YES YES YES, you can get three and make it a meal, else with the one: it's a 3" diameter, 1 3/8" thick hockey puck placed on an orange creamy sauce...again if I was a pug and at home I would have licked the bowl. Greek salad is good but nothing outstanding (this is where I added a little of the mignonette to add some sort of kick), yes to the Branzino: it's two pieces of 4"x4" filets sitting on a really good creamy white sauce (again the pug in me would lick the bowl), skin is crispy but gets soggy as time passes, happy dish that I would get again. The fish is moist, flaky, juicy..it's great. Side of cauliflower was ok...it needs a little more tenderness even though it's charred and cooked...perhaps too crunchy for me and perhaps it needed a quick blanch before it goes to the fire for charring?! Yogurt spicy honey with it is a good sidekick.Fantastic. Great atmosphere (nice spring evening, open windows). All food ordered was great and enjoyed by all: cheesesteak egg rolls, roasted cauliflower, spinach gnocchi, spinach ravioli, and even the special kids pasta.Great food, good service.  The bacon wrapped dates were scrumptious and the pasta was flavorful and cooked perfectly.  Worth a return visit.If we could rate this gem 6 stars, we would. We were visiting Philadelphia from Chicago and were fortunate to choose this little spot for dinner last week. From the decor to the service and food, we were delighted. We ordered a Verde Salad, Gnocchi and Scallops. Our waiter, Bryan P., could not have been nicer, and the manager stopped by to introduce himself and make us feel welcomed. What a pleasant experience for two weary tourists.Talk about service 
Came here after an event at the convention center and had a 6:30 reservation on a Saturday night. My sister and I were a tad early and we were instructed to wait by the bar. We ordered a few glasses of wine and chatted at the beautiful bar. Maybe 5-10 after our reservation time the manager (I think he was the manager) apologized for the wait which was truly nothing and said our drinks were on the house. SO nice! We didn't complain to say anything they just provide great service for their guests. 
From there we were seated and our waiter (Dylan I think) explained the menu. They're smaller portions and meant to share, so we order 5 items between the two of us and were stuffed. However our dessert stomachs still had room and ordered that too. Everything was so delicious, definitely order the crab cakes and butternut squash ravioli. Great food, great service can't beat that. 
TL/DR: awesome food and service. Go.