pretty good food. the house made chips and salsa are excellent.
Im definitely going to consider this spot for my next large group byob type outing.My friends and I have eaten here before and really enjoyed the food.  We've been talking about going to the all-you-can-eat Taco Tuesday for a while, so today we finally had the time.  The advertisements for Taco Tuesday say nothing about the time it begins so we assumed it was an all day event.  Wrong.  It starts at 5pm.  Luckily, our waitress was able to convince the owner to let us start early just this one time.  (We all thought it was really shitty that the owner didn't come out of the office and made the waitress deal with this.)  Hooray for Stephanie, and thank you!
The tacos come with three preparation choices (crunchy, soft, or traditional) and 8 filling choices.  I chose portabella for one plate and black beans for another.  The traditional tacos are the best, in my opinion.  Corn tortillas, cilantro, onions, lime, and a tangy sauce.  I could only get through two plates of tacos....my friends passed me by with 4 plates.
I would defiantly go again.  Next time, we show up at 5 and I won't fill up on chips, guac, and salsa!!I recently visited with a group of friends both because most of us had never been, and also because Tres is a BYO. Head's up - we just made it, but as of this week, Tres is no longer a BYO! I'm not sure what the rationale behind that is because we weren't particularly impressed by the food (we ordered a variety of things from the Tres chicken to burritos to fish tacos). Beware of the online menu (not accurate) and the multiple baskets of chips and salsa they'll bring out - they charge you for anything beyond the first one if you don't cut them off! The restaurant was hardly full but the waiter did manage to mix up some of our orders as well. They do have some specials though, which make the mediocre Mexican food worth it: free margarita mix on Mondays and Taco Tuesdays, for example. Probably won't go back, but decent meal for the price.The hype is real. I came here on Cinco de Mayo, a busy night of course,  and service was on point, minus a couple flaws. The server just forgot to give us our utensils, but besides that, everything was excellent. 
The food was AMAZE BALLS. It has to be one of the best Mexican joint I've been too.  
Don't bother second guessing. Come!My partner and I wanted to go to Superior Pasta Company but was upset when it was closed.  Driving down Christian St, we saw this Mexican place open and decided to try it out. 
It was delicious!  We knew it was great just by the sauce they gave with the chips.  For entree, I got the guacamole burrito with taco sauce.  He got the bean soup and pollo papian.  Everything was so good!  We were really impressed by the prices too, mine was 9.50 for dinner tonight and lunch tomorrow!  
The service is absolutely great and they even gave us 10% off cards for the next time we come.  They also have specials.  Currently, they will make margheritas if you bring in tequila on Mondays, and all you can eat tacos (not fish or shrimp) on Tuesdays.  They also have free delivery over $10 in the area.
DEFINITELY coming back here for authentic food with phenomenal service.I'm going plantain loco now after eating the pork and plantain burrito with guacomole added at this take out/delivery eatery.  
now i'm making tostones left and right just to try to get them out of my head after eating it.   It is sooo good, and really enough for 2 meals (though i just can't stop, and eat it in 1).
It gets 5 stars since I can call an order, walk there, and usually walk in just as my order is ready.  The people are very nice.  You can pick up various mexican foods for any fiesta you might be having, and I'm going to go back to get that burrito again, and again.Actually 3.5 stars. 
Good casual place to go with a group of friends. We were excited about the BYOT, but the watermelon margarita mix we got was kind of bland. I appreciated that it wasn't sickeningly sweet, but we ended up needing to add salt and lime to the mix to make our drinks taste better. 
The food itself is pretty decent - unless you're married to the idea of flour tortillas, get the tacos and quesadillas "traditional style" with the corn tortillas. Both the shrimp and the pork were juicy and flavorful. They have a nice portobello option for your vegetarian friends too.It's just that... it's meh and I've had better.
The ambiance is a bit underwhelming and the food was just OK. 
They do have decent service and food came out relatively fast as a positive footnote.  
Don't see my self returning as this neighborhood has tons of great Mexican places to stop by.Food is ok. Nothing to write home about. 
One star for their terribly rude delivery driver last night. This man gave me major attitude about wanting a dollar back for change. I wanted to give him $14 on a $10.80 order. Since when is a three dollar tip not enough? Anyways, I couldn't believe this man's audacity! To start shaking his head and mumbling under his breath because I wanted a dollar back? Sorry bro, that burrito was not worth $15, not even the $14 I did end up spending. So, thanks to your delivery driver, I will NEVER order from you again! ThanksOrdered delivery. I actually enjoyed the portobello burrito and the massive said of plantains. the food is not great but delivery was quick and what i ordered. Don't think I would ever visit the actual establishment - there are far better mexican restaurants in philly but what with the limited delivery options I would order again if I had a craving.I write this review still full from my dinner last night . . . and I brought half of it home.  If I had to pick my favorite restaurant genre, BYO Mexican would probably be it, so needless to say I was thrilled when Tres Jalapenos opened.  
The decor feels like a fiesta themed backyard party . . . which is totally ok in my book.  We went on Tuesday, which turned about to be Taco Tuesday, unlimited tacos for 12.99.  Take that Distrito.  
We started with their homemade chips and guac.  We got three orders of the chips, they were thin and delightful.  I opted for the burrito - it was massive and flavorful, with just the right amount of kick (but never fear the table is stocked with Cholula if you need a little more).  
Our bill total for two: 27.00.  Can't beat that.Ordered delivery from this place. Food is good and it always arrives on time or early.If i could this place a 0 I would. It is over priced non-authentic mexican food. I went in for 3 carne asada tacos, the total was $11.50! No rice or beans just 3 small tacos. I will never be returning. I highly recommend La Veracruzana.This place is a great addition to all the yummy Mexican food in this area.  Everything is so clean and bright, and there's tons of room.  Our server, Steven, was very attentive and even brought out an ice bucket for us when we realized the beers we brought weren't very cold.  Since it was our first visit, he also gave us a free order of chips and salsa.  My chicken quesadilla was pretty good, and my friend loved her burrito (mango shrimp I think it was).  I'm really hoping they set up some outdoor seating in the summer since there are few things I love more than tacos, coronas, and a gentle evening breeze.Needing dinner one night after deciding its time to be lazy and not cook, did a little Yelping and found this place. On-line menu was rudiemntary but helpful. On-line ordering is nice as well.
Food arrived promptly. Food was good. Nothing to write home about (but enough to write Yelp about [rimshot, please]). 
Decent enough all around to use them again. Nice job.Ok. I confess. I went here TWICE this weekend.
Thursday I had the pork and plantain-mmmmm
Then Saturday I had the guac with added plantain. mmmmm After 6 Magic Hats it tasted like pure heaven.
I don't know what they do but they do it right. The people are nice and honestly, the burritos are crazy good.
I grew up eating burritos and tacos and this place is honestly, my FAVORITE in the whole wide world right now.Super disappointed after tonight. I've been coming to and ordering from Tres Jalapenos for years and have always loved it. Tonight I order an appetizer and a platter at 6:00pm and was told it would be about 45 minutes. After an hour and a half passed by I called and was told it was on its way and it would be right here. Another 15 minutes went by and was told she never gave the kitchen the ticket and they would only offer 30% off the next time around. As if I'm going to order delivery again. It's been an hour and 40 minutes and the food has yet to come.Simple & Delicious
Tres Jalapenos has succeeded in offering an affordable, fresh, healthy option for lunch or dinner. Nothing on the menu is over $14, but everything is fresh and prepared to order. The fajidas and the shrimp burrito are both killer.  They seem to do a variety of attractive specials, like Margarita Monday.  The decor is clean, if not inspiring. Lunch with a date for $20...no brainer.I came to Tres Jalapenos with two co-workers on a Wednesday around 1pm. I've been here once before and both times my table was the only one occupied in the place. It appears they've acquired a liquor license. That's disappointing because in the past you could bring your own tequila and they provided margarita mix. BYOBs are always more fun. 
You'll need to get over the decor. It's tacky and the plastic tablecloths look like they've been on the tables for far too long. It doesn't matter though because the food is pretty good. We were given complimentary chips and salsa as we waited for our food.  I had the jumbo chicken quesadilla for lunch with a $1 side of sour cream. The flour tortilla was grilled just right, the chicken was juicy, and the cheese was well, cheesy. My coworkers had the portobello traditional tacos and the al pastor traditional tacos. It's a pretty cheap place and is probably better suited for take-out or delivery, but if you're in the mood for a no-frills dining experience, this place will do the trick.I really wanted to give this restaurant five stars because the restaurant is very quaint and I truly enjoyed the owner who waited on us.  But likeability and service just don't make up for the unfortunate fact that the food is simply moderate at best.  Philly, and south Philly especially have some of the most formidable Mexican restaurants around.  I will probably not go back to this place again; in this town, you gotta do a better job with your Mexican.  Sorry guys!I order here regularly: guacamole nachos and fried ice cream. I like it a lot and it gets delivered super fast. Nice people.Finally found a delivery place that both my husband and I agree on that isn't cheesesteaks!!  I got a Taco Salad with Skirt Steak and it was AWESOME!  However, my husband got a burrito that he didn't like at all (reason for the three stars).  We will try again, I will get the same thing and he will explore the menu further.This is my go-to hangover place when I'm in the mood for Mexican. The burritos are amazing and the guac nachos are just as good. They always deliver earlier than the actual given delivery time which is a plus for me.This place is solid and seems like it should be more busy.  I think that the lack of crowd when I have walked by this neighborhood spot is what has prevented me from ordering take out from here in the past. Tonight though I looked it up though and went for anyway because I had an enchilada craving that wasn't backing down.  I went for the mole at the recommendation of other reviewers and was not disappointed.  What really impressed me though was that I got a call when I was around the corner letting me know my food was ready as she didn't want my food to get cold. (!)  I don't think a restaurant has ever followed up on a pick up before.  I half expected a call in a half hour to see if I enjoyed it.  I did.  I will be coming back again and again.The food here is delicious.  I'm a fan of the fried plantains and the chorizo tacos.  So nomz.
They have a SUPER BIG delivery area.  I mean they're deep in south Philly and will come up to Center City.The salsa and guacamole are awesome, and come with fresh made chips. I also really like the steak crispy tacos.Really nice people, great customer service.  The food was amazing and they deliver late night!  We ordered from Grubhub, no issues.¿Que pasa? Me gusta Los Jalapeños!   This is some of the best Mexican food I've ever had.  My girlfriend and I order there alot and we love it!  Great guacamole and mole burritos.Cheap, delicious, and always satisfying! I seriously think Los Jalapenos is overlooked as people in the area always laud Taqueria Veracruzana. I usually get the tacos tradicionales pollo and my husband gets a burrito. We are always happy and full! Last Friday, I got the green enchiladas. My goodness....so delicious!I am so sad and disappointed today. Tres Jalapeños used to be one of my favorite Mexican spots here in Philly. I always recommended it to friends and family. Today, I ordered delivery and, after waiting three hours, they told me it would be at least 25 more minutes...and still expected me to pay for it! They didn't even offer me a discount. If this is how they treat a loyal customer, then they just lost one.What can I say? This was the best tasting, most authentic and best value for your money Mexican meal I have had in the city.
One night my boyfriend and I were trying to think of an inexpensive place to eat. He wanted Indonesian - I wanted pizza- we settled on Mexican. Let me tell you - we drove by this place three times before we realized it was the place. It looks like the tiniest hole in the wall bodega store, something that would have been a neighborhood best-kept secret if it weren't for Yelp.
For a total of $20, my boyfriend and I had a delicious meal that left us perfectly full and content. He got a platter with a cheese enchilada that I couldn't stop taking bites of because it was so damn good, a taco, a guacomole filled tostada, beans and rice. I got three tacos - a pork, beef and chicken - each one was filled with goodness and better then the next.
The atmosphere isn't much to get excited about, but that's not why you come here. We sat and ate there at one of the two tables in the place, but saw at least 10 people come in an out for take out in a 30 minute span.
If there weren't so many places we want to try and if it was a little closer (place is in South Philly, I'm in center city) we would go there a lot more. But we will definitely be back!This place is great and usually they are super fast in making the food.  It's bodega-style Mexican food and super delicious at that.  You can eat sit-down in the restaurant but most people seem to take out.  Great to have in the neighborhood!i dont even like mexican food. but this is all kinds of yummy. cheap and delivered to my door, even tho it would only take seconds to walk there. lazy, i know. but if the delivery is free, why not? so fresh and tasty. doesnt even feel bad for ya. i get the mushroom quesadilla. my son gets the jumbo chicken. love, love , love. thanks to my friend and neighbor, jose' for opening my eyes to the goodness!First let me say that I am I white girl from New Jersey. Second let me say that I can make WAY better Mexican food than this and it wouldn't be nearly as expensive!
Suck it Los Jalapenos! Suck it hard because $15 for a chimichanga platter the likes of which you had provided me is unjust! Let's rewind a bit...
I had a crappy day at work, didn't get breakfast or lunch and got rained on. Not fun. So I finally get home and I'm like, "Gee Whiz! I would really like some Mexican food and to watch Hoarders, that will make it all better!" So I  go to GrubHub and see Los Jalapenos allows you to order online. GREAT! I ordered a chimichanga platter and some flan, figuring that I'd have left-overs for lunch tomorrow.I paid online via credit card and tipped online as well.
WELL, it DID come rather quickly and I now know why - when I took the bag from the delivery muchacho it felt like nothing was in it! I looked at the guy and said 'um, this is it?' He said 'Si" and asked me for a tip. I told him I paid online and showed him on the bill he brought with him where there was a tip added. So he asked me again for a tip. I said "Um, I DID tip you and need I point out that your restaurant is hardly 2 blocks away. I can see it right now. Mira, me amigo, mira." He shrugged, I shrugged, we decided our relationship was over and I went inside.
When I opened the Styrofoam package and looked at what $15 had bought me, it was a dismal site. The chimichangas, no lie, could both fit in the palm of my hand. No Lie. I was like "WTF." There wasn't even much to them, bland shredded cheddar and chicken. The rice and beans were bland and they didn't give you very much at all. The flan was not too bad but I've had WAY WAY WAY better for much less (Taco Riendo, mmmm).
So listen, this is B.S. Say NO to Jalapenos! Jalapenos was like going on a blind date, spending a lot of money and then finding out that like...the person has crabs and a personality disorder. Can you tell I'm bitter?Our New Year's brunch was wonderful! The chips were pretty thin and crisp and the salsa was good with a little spice. The salsa had a tomatoey base, I prefer when salsas are more authentic but it was still good. I had tortilla soup and cheese enchiladas...both were super yummy! Loved their rice and the refried beans were flavorful. They do a lot of events - Spanish and Italian classes, poker night and more. The owner Max is sooo nice and passionate about his place. We live in Collingswood but its worth the trip and we will definitely be going back soon!I usually order delivery so when i went in to pick up my order and got snotty ass service from the girl working behind the counter.( i knocked off one star)
The fish tacos are pretty legit , i am concerned that each time i order they get more and more expensive. Its my go too taco place in the city and to avoid the snotty ass chica that works at the counter ill go back to delivery.Best Mexican food in the city.  Great service.  One of the only places you can get fajitas and the guacamole, sour cream and pico actually comes with the dish.  So, you really are spending $11 instead of $15-20 after adding all the things you need to enjoy it.  Delivery is super fast and its always delicious.When I heard that 'Taqueria Los Jalapenos', (one of my favorite center city delivery options) was opening up a restaurant I couldn't wait to visit.  We headed over with a friend one night and brought a few beers along for dinner.  The restaurant is located in the old Paxia space - with the exception of the green, red, and white neon lights, the bales of hay, and the bubbly fountain adding to the casual atmosphere, the space doesn't look all that different.  We were seated immediately and offered chips, salsa, and guacamole.  If you've ever ordered from Taqueria Los Jalapenos, the menu here (and the prices) are pretty much the same.  My boyfriend and I both ordered the fish tacos - three small soft tacos - along with a side of rice and beans.  Service was friendly and casual and we left happy.  Definitely glad to have this place within walking distance of my house! Recommended!Totally a delivery review since I have never been here in person. 
I honestly can't believe how many times I ordered food from here even after always being disappointed with everything they make. I was going through authentic Mexican food withdrawal and this place delivered to where I was living at the time. I remember their food was okay for when I needed a fix but most of the stuff was somewhat bland and the service was absent-minded and unprofessional. No matter how many times you ask for extra sauce they never bring it.
Prices are too high for what they actually give you. I won't order from here again.This place has gone completely downhill in the last year or two. I don't know if they switched management or what, but food is bland, food is ALWAYS cold when delivered and the women answering the phones are suddenly incredibly rude and even combative. I used to order and dine in here an unhealthy amount, but not anymore. There are too many options for Mexican food in South Philadelphia for you guys to completely drop in quality across the board. Two stars only because I used to LOVE this place.I love this place! Super easy to miss, but a must-eat. Food is simple, fast, well priced, and delicious! Its never crowded inside and the service is really prompt. They have different weekly specials. Not a fan of the margarita mix they use, too sugary, but otherwise I have no complaints! They also do takeout, yay!This is the worst place to order from in the city. I wish I could give it negative stars. I ordered a quesadilla and 2 hours later received an empty tortilla. Not even a whole one. Do not order from this place!!!They deliver and take credit cards and the portions are great!This is my go to for delivery. The nachos and fried ice cream are great; the service is nice and fast.I live two blocks away.  This is the corner of death - there have been three restaurants in this space since I've lived here. 
   I went once. It was empty. The food was OK, but $8 for guacamole and chips?  $12 for a burrito, extra for sour cream? No. 
   I kind of feel like this is the place people will go if they're afraid to be in an authentic Mexican restaurant.  There are so many Mexican places in the area that are cheaper and better. 
    Plaza Girabaldi? Tacqueria La VeraCruzana?  Go there.best guac i've had from any mexican place in the city. 
love the al pastor burrito and the fajitas and tacos are quality standard dishes.I really like this place - it's a little out-of-the-way for me, but I enjoy going there every once in a while, because the food is really good and consistent. The chips and salsa are almost addicting, and they're reason enough to try this place if you live in the Philadelphia area. It's a shame that this place is not better known. Whenever I visit, it's essentially empty, and that's surprising, given the quality of food. The ambiance is casual and the place would likely receive more customers if they tried to improve the ambiance a bit. I say this because every time I've been there, there have been people who came to pick up food for take-out but rarely to dine-in. The restaurant would likely do better if it could encourage its customers to have a sit-down meal at the restaurant.Went with a group of 9 people. Arrived fairly late, i think it was aroudn 9ish. Didnt have to wait what so ever on a wednesday night. No one from the group had ever been here before so we each tried different things. I ordered shrimp and beef tacos traditionales. Shrimp was excellent while the beef was a little bit dry. Everyone loved their burritos and hard tacos. No complains. Will definitely visit again.Unaffected, no-frills atmosphere with just straight-up delicious food that is the best Mexican I've had in Philly, hands-down. Skip the glitzy high-end Mexican places with showy decor and crazy prices (you know where I mean) and go here instead!We live right in the neighborhood which is already filled with good BYOB Mexican restaurants, so when we decided to go in and check out the new place I kept my expectations in check. I'm happy to say, Tres Jalapenos did not disappoint and we will be going there again (and again). We started off with the house made chips and guacamole & salsa which were great. I had the chicken papian special and he had a mole enchilada...both were great as were the beans and rice served on the side. The service was also fantastic. 
It was only the two of us this time, but it would be a great place for a large group of people. 
They also mentioned that they offer Saturday & Sunday brunch, I'm looking forward to checking it out.Go to spot for good Mexican. Although, they are a bit shady with the name and location changes. Also, takeout price seem very expensive.Very good Tex Mex style.   Fajitas steak portion small but good, go with chicken.  Pinapple and Plantain pork burritos great.  Choritzo burrito excellent.  Fast Delivery and make sure you get the Flan!  Not as good as my mother's but pretty excellente.  Tres :Leches is just OK.Looks like there are 2 postings for this one location. Either way, I love Tres Jalapenos. My boyfriends and I feel like we're regulars, as we're there at least once a week and i always seem to order the shrimp soft tacos. The guacamole is deliciously creamy and the food is always fresh and tasty. The staff is also super friendly, and always get my request right when i ask for No Cilantro on my tacos. I know, i'm one of those peeps who can't stand Cilantro, yet i love mexican food. Go figure.This is a delivery review, as I have never been there. 
Have had delivery from Tres Jalapenos a few times now, and I can say it is pretty good. Something more authentic than The Cantina yet less so than, say, the taco truck at 4th and Washington. I do appreciate being able to be understood in English when I call. 
The food is damn good. The green enchiladas are no joke, my Yelp friends. They have more than a little kick to them. It is a great mix of cheesy, doughy and spicy. 
Had tacos a few times too. They were ok, but a little too fast-food-ish for my tastes. What, no limes?
Did NOT like the flan. Very egg-y tasting, not very sweet. Tasted like eating caramel egg whites. Yikes. 
So, yeah, feeling like Mexican but dont wanna get off the couch? Tres Jalapenos is a good option, albeit a tad pricey.Jesus christ in heaven... most incredible Burrito al Pastor (pork + pineapple burrito) that I've ever had!   
I'll be spending the next several weeks exploring their rather in-depth menu.   I will report back with my findings.This is one of those places that I am reluctant to Yelp about because it's so good I don't want it to become too popular. I have been here twice: once for dinner for a friend's birthday and once for brunch on a Sunday. 
Friend's birthday we received free margarita mix and the food was cheap and amazing. The restaurant wasn't too crowded and by the end of the night people were playing poker and relaxing. 
For brunch we received complimentary margaritas and the food, again was amazing.  The brunch items were mexican style- beans, chorizo, fried eggs. Both times the staff and service were great.I used to order from Los Jalepenos at least once a month when they were located in South Philly, but since they've moved up to Bella Vista the authenticity of the food has changed in my opinion.  The last 4 times I've ordered, the food has been below par.  I always get the same thing, and gave them 4 chances to improve, so I'm a bit disappointed that I no longer have a favorite Mexican spot.
On the positive side though, there is a lot of seating, and the service is always very good when you eat in.  It's good BYOB as well.Review is for delivery only. Food is pretty good and comes quickly. They will add/omit ingredients upon request and have never gotten it wrong. I have had most things in the menu and all are pretty good. If you happen to order a burrito ask for it "wet" it definitely enhances the flavor. My only complaint is they used to offer a "buy 2 tacos and get a 3rd for free". Sadly this deal is no more.Have eaten here twice.  First time i got enchiladas mole, which were pretty good, not great.  I have yet to encounter a truly amazing mole sauce, and wasn't really expecting to be blown away by theirs, but it was still good.  Also opted for a slice of tres leches cake, which was a bit disappointing.  Granted, I've never had tres leches cake before, but what I got was just a slightly dry sponge cake with the kind of frosting that leaves a residue in your mouth.  
Then I came for all-you-can-eat taco Tuesday.  $13.95 and you get as many orders of 3 tacos as you can cram down your gullet.  Plus, if you can't finish your last round, you can always take it home, so go for the gold!  I managed to scarf down 14 before I had to throw in the towel, and take home my lonely and shameful 1 taco.  I came with a large group, 7 people, so beware, it make take a while for your orders if you're all doing all-you-can-eat.  By the time we got settled and placed our orders, we only had about an hour of taco eating time.  I hear tell that the record is 24 tacos... that is, until I return to crush it.  Mark my words.  You get your choice of 3 different preparations (crunch shell, flour tortilla, corn tortilla, each w/ diff. toppings) and several diff. meat options, along with bean and portabello for all you veggies out there.  Not the best tacos I've had, but clearly good enough for me to gorge myself on over a dozen of them at one time.
Bonus points for being a BYO!I stopped by this hidden gem at 11:30pm Hopi g to get at least a par burrito. Turns out the steak burritos I ordered were one of the best I ever had. It's run by a mom and pop who makes some of the most authentic burritos in town. Will definitely come again.I ate here for the first time a couple months ago. Sometimes it seems like these little South Philly Taquerias are a dime a dozen, But this place was great. 
The prices are fantastic, which sometimes makes we worry about the quality of the food, but I was not disappointed at all. 
The other great thing about this place.....delivery. They're radius for door to door service isn't ridiculously large, but it is more then adequate. If you live south of Washington and east of Broad, you are pretty much covered. I have also heard that they will deliver a little further the cost of your order is substantial. So, you live a couple blocks north of Washington? Just order a weeks worth of delicious burritos.After a few delivery experiences, I can tell you this: My steady burrito is the pork and plantain. Voices, if you're askin, I'm tellin. That's the dish to get. 
Burrito details: It's a flour tortilla stuffed with shredded pork, fried plantains, pico de gallo, cheese, and rice n beans. Dig that combination of savory pork and sweet fried plantains. I always ask for extra side salsas too, but of course, I tend to be an extra salsa type.I order from this place so often! Their taco salad is amazing. We've tried other dishes like burritos, nachos, tacos, churros and tres leches. So far, my favorites are the taco salad and the churros. Delivery is super fast, usually less than 30 min. So far, so good. 100% recommend it.The delivery sucks. You don't get much food and it looks like a kid made it. Definitely won't order from here again. I should have read more reviews.Solid BYOB mexican in south philly. Love their salsa verde and al pastor tacos. They can be accommodating for big groups, so a great place for celebrations. Bring some tequila and they've got mixers.Ordered food off of here through the seamless app. Food was delivered fast, was cheap, and was very tasty. Had the mole chicken burrito which was really good. Exactly what you want with this type of order.Free chips & salsa for starters.  One friendly waitress who also was the only bus person too.
Good rock / modern folk Mexican music played over sound system.
Excellent tangy verde sauce over the stuffed white chicken burrito - delicioso.
Mole wasn't flavorful.
Pricing is more like $1/2 - $$.  BYOB.  Good for groups.Ordered take out. Very quick and cheap. Had the green chilie enchiladas and the steak tacos. Enchiladas were decent but tacos were lackluster. They gave a huge amount of guacamole but it needed salt. The orange hot sauce was very spicy and tangy- good stuff. The green one was also good.Not a huge fan of mexican food anyway, but the food was good here and the service was really nice.The first time I came here with my partner, we knew it was going to be a great place from the salsa we were given. Since then, we've been consistently coming for the great food and great service. I always get the wet vegetarian burrito (guacomole not mushroom) with red sauce. It tastes very fresh with delicious flavors. My partner usually gets the same with the bean soup as an appetizer. The guacamole is also great.
The best part about Tres Jalapenos is the price for the quality.This is as good as BYOT gets. I was a little worried going outside of center/olde city but I'm glad I did. Excellent service, tasty margaritas, and fresh food. They also accomodate large parties. I had 10 and a table behind me had 20! We had a blast, drank and ate until we were stuffed, and the bill was $20pp. You can't beat that.Always a quick delivery and definitely one of the best bangs for your buck when it comes to Mexican food. Go with any of the burritos and you are sure to be happy!I love this place. I actually was disappointed that at one point I lived in an apartment that was not within their delivery area!
We order from here at least once a week. Food is always good. They've only messed up once (but I've ordered from there a LOT) but immediately fixed it for me.
Pork & pineapple tacos are great and I love the tacos & flautas. And I have a friend who swears by the green enchiladas. If you want to spend a little extra money, splurge on the Camarones a la Diabla, which are fantastic but very hot.
Their online ordering system was awesome, I wish they'd get it working again!Ordered shrimp fajitas and quesadillas. Total was nearly $30. Received 6 shrimp in my $16 fajita and 3 quesadillas that were smaller than tacos for $11. If I received this food as a dine in customer I would have walked out. Unbelievable. The food wasn't good. I should have made a turkey sandwich and flushed my $30 down the toilet. It's honestly insulting that they can justify giving 6 shrimp in a $16 fajita. That's not even a complete serving size. At least give 9. Or charge half the price. No words on the taco quesadilla. They were not appealing either.There's one reason I keep going back to Tres Jalapeños: the wet burritos. Whether you get mole sauce, the green sauce, or the red enchilada sauce, your burrito us bound to be delicious. They also do a good margarita mix if you want to add your own tequila.
Aside from some rather dry tacos on one occasion, everything I've had there has been delicious.
I prefer take-out to eat-in, as the restaurant is often quite empty during the times that I've dined there. 
Service is generally very friendly, and they assemble take-out orders very quickly. When I've made special requests on GrubHub and Seamless, they've always gotten it right.Was in town visiting friends who raved about this place. Was quite relish and reasonably priced. Recommend!Have I ever physically been here? no. But i do get their delivery whenever i need Mexican in the comfort of my bed. So good. Giant portions, Yummy fresh tasting quality ingredients.They are on grubhub too so its basically a dream situation when you're having a delivery kinda day. South philly does have a bunch of yummy mexican places but also a lot of not so yummy ones. This place is a winnerThis is my delivery mexican place and I love the food!  I've only gotten the ground beef tacos.  And side of chips (must be house-made?), fresh juice.  Delivery guy rides a bicycle.  Good stuff.Tres Jalapenos is definitely on its way.  I will admit that I had dinner here when it first opened a few months ago and was quite underwhelmed.  BUT, they lured me back in by serving brunch until 4pm (!!!) with a free mimosa.  I have been back two or three times since then for both brunch and lunch and everything was great.
Server was very nice, coffee was surprisingly good, and the refried beans are delicious!  I always order a side of them, breakfast or not!  I have also had the mexican omelet, green eggs and ham, pork tacos, and green enchiladas.  All yummy.
It's just a great little BYOB with a lot of charm.  A place where you could sit for a few hours with a group, or for a quiet brunch on a Sunday.  Check it out, I really want this place to stick around!This place is consistently good.  I love Mexican food.  The taco salad has a little of everything and the shell is always crispy.  The crispy chicken tacos are delicious and filled full.  The salsa has a little kick to it but not too spicy.  And the rice is always fluffy and flavorful.
I have been ordering from here for at least 5 years.  I started ordering take out when they were at their other location.  When they moved a few years ago it seems like the prices went up a bit.  So I don't order as often as I used to.
I have no complaints about the food.  There are a couple of cons in terms of service.  When I order delivery, they can never find the place.  And when I order on the phone, they seem distracted.  I have to repeat a lot of the info I give them (phone #, the order, credit card info, etc).I hate give this place only three stars. I had heard some really good things from friends. Here's the breakdown.
Five Stars! For Service! The staff were genuine folks. That always makes me a repeat offender.
Two stars for the food. I wanted to really like it but it just wasn't up to snuff for all of the solid Mexican I've eaten in my lifetime. The margaritas just didn't have enough flavor (though they did have plenty of booze so thanks for that!). The salsa was meh. The guac was pretty ok but I've made better. The tacos were good but just that. All in all I was just underwhelmed.
With that said, the staff really made up for it. Enough that I'm going to go back and see if maybe I just wasn't there at the right time. I want to like this place.Order dinner from this eatery via grub hub.  Ordered the ground beef crispy tacos for my 12 year old and the grilled skirt steak fajitas for myself.  I requested no sour cream or guacamole but did request and paid $1.50 for extra pico degallo.   
Despite ordering the steak medium, it was well done and really lacked any flavor.  Chili's makes a better fajitas.  Additionally, the peppers and onions which was to accompany the dish only contained peppers - no onions - really??  Sour cream and guacamole was packed but they omitted the extra pico degallo which I paid for.  They packed 1 fork and no napkins.  
The tacos also contained little bits of green peppers mixed in with the lettuce, tomato and cheese which was weird as the description in the menu did not list peppers.  My son tried to pick them out as he does not like peppers.
Lastly, the delivery guy had me come out to the car to get the meal vs. coming into the hotel lobby.  Not sure if the delivery guy is related to the eatery or a solely grub hub driver but wasn't too please since I pre-paid a 20% tip.  
I would not recommend delivery from this place as to ensure you get your food order right and have adequate eating accessories.This place is phenomenal. I've had it mostly for delivery but have dined in once. The food is so good. I've had everything from soup, to tacos, burritos, even a dessert called sopapillas.
It's cheap, super fast (whether for delivery or even when dining in the restaurant) and just delicious. That's really all there is to it.
And with that said, craving some.Friendly server. Food was honestly terrible- not sure how this place gets any good reviews for the food. It was all cheddar-jack on a tortilla. Definitely not Mexican food- pretty darn nasty, actually.I have been going to Tres for the past 4 years. Probably at least 2 times a year, with a few take-out night's here and there. I'll start with the good stuff. I think they have my all time favorite salsa. It is not too chunky (I don't like when places serve pico de galla as salsa. It has its place, but not usually what I'm looking for to come with my chips), but most importantly it is SO flavorful! It's spicy, smoky, and just perfect. 
My two favorite entrees include the skirt steak fajitas and the tacos el pastor. I tend to hesitate to get beef when I'm out (unless it's a burger or a legit steak place), but this is nice and tender, flavorful, not fatty and comes with sautéed, crispy, flavorful peppers and onions. I don't have too much to say about them, because they are kept simple, but trust me they're good! 
The tacos el pastor are SO SO awesome. I love them so much. Just well done all around. Friends of mine have also had and enjoyed the mole burrito and it looks incredible. Rice and beans are good too! I've yet to order dessert (WHY?!) but hopefully that will change soon.
I've had the verde enchiladas a few years back and I remember not loving or hating them. It easily could have been an off night. 
The only thing I'm sad to mention is that the margaritas are not great. They use to be a BYO and their sour mix you could get to mix your tequila with was SO GOOD. They have since acquired a liquor license and the margarita mix they use now does not taste good in my opinion. The previous mix seemed to me to be basically lime juice and simple syrup, which in my opinion is the only thing you need. The current margaritas taste like a mix you would buy pre-made in a grocery store and it makes me so sad. I totally get that pure lime juice sour "mix" can get expensive to make with fluctuation of the price of limes, but I just wish they would still offer that as an option and just charge more. Bad sour mix ruins a margarita for me and sadly ruined my last meal here. I will for sure continue to go here, but will be ordering a beer. BRING THE GOOD LIME JUICE BACK PLEASE!
#sadness :(I wrote this review on 11/1, but this profile hadn't been created yet. Here it is again for your reviewing pleasure.
My lady and I decided to go to Tres Jalapenos on Friday night, as we both love Mexican, and it's half a block from her apartment. Recipe for success.
When we arrived, we missed the cash only sign until after we'd ordered. Oops, no problem, there's a PNC across the street, and an ATM coming next week. The decor was sort of kitschy but sort of not (checkered tablecloths, paper donkeys hanging from the ceiling, etc.) and I couldn't decide if I found it endearing or tacky. I'm no style guru, so I'm leaning towards the former. There was Latin music playing, which I liked, but not super loudly, which I loved.
We split guacamole nachos, and they were great. I hate when I get a bunch of stuff on top and 90% of the nachos below are dry - not the case here. Very even distribution of deliciousness. I had the mole enchiladas. It came with rice and refried beans, and both of those were awesome. The enchiladas, however, were a bit lackluster. The chicken was a little dry and the whole thing was a little salty for my taste. My girlfriend had asked for a recommendation, and our super pleasant and attentive watiress suggested the green enchiladas. I gave them a try and thought they were really good - nice flavor, well cooked. I will say that overall, nothing I had was super spicy, which is great for me. I like the flavor but not the heat, and that's what I got.
This place is also a BYOB, and we didn't B any B, so I just ordered a Coke. I was pleasantly surprised to find that it was a producto de Mexico, meaning glass bottle and real sugar! Nice touch.
All in all, Tres Jalapenos had some pluses and minuses, but it's pretty new, the food was decent, and our whole dinner cost $35. I'll go back in a month or so and try something else, and I'll be sure to update my review!I ordered from here last night on GrubHub and thought I had selected to pay cash; apparently it went to my card. Without realizing this, we gave the delivery person the bill in cash plus a 20% tip. When I realized in the morning what had happened and called GrubHub, they investigated but the delivery person said I only gave them $11 as a tip. Pretty slimey, will not be ordering from them again. There are plenty of other Mexican places around the corner that are just as good and don't lie about ripping off their customers.This is my first ever review I am writing because I am THAT disappointed in the service.
I placed an order at 8:30 on Friday, which was Cinco de Mayo. An hour and a half later, I politely call just to make sure they received the order. Yes, they said, it's being prepared in the kitchen. Another hour goes by. I call again to see if it's being delivered. They tell me "it will be there in 5 minutes and we will give you something free for the wait." Awesome... another HOUR goes by (3.5 hours total since my order was placed), I was told to hold 3 times and got hung up on 3 TIMES... and now they are not answering their phones. I hope no one ever has the misfortune of ordering here when they are 16 weeks pregnant and STARVING.Never order delivery from them! Apparently my address is wrong...thats at least what was written in the email we received from them.  After my husband and I assured them that the address was right (after waiting for 45 minutes) they said they'll resend the driver out, which we were told would take 20 minutes.  After 30 minutes, the food arrived.  I figured that the food would be cold (since they probably just sent the same food out).  I wanted to make sure at least the order was right.  No guacamole which was an extra $4.50 and my order was wrong (at least it was still chicken).  The delivery driver was very courteous.  He stated that we can get a free order next time. However, I was not digging another try at this place. My husband and I stated that we wouldn't want that.  We did not have to pay.  On the plus side when we reheated the meal it was alright.  I mean for what we would have paid.  The pico de gallo was good.  My husband stated he would try them again but I think I'd rather spend the money on a place I know will be good every time like Cantina Los Caballitos.  Hey what did I expect-it was delivery.This place is by far my favorite Mexican place in the city.  The staff is still adjusting to the new computer system they just got - so some patience is required at times when calling in an order.  The food is delicious!  For those of you concerned about the taco shell types, they have hard and soft corn and flour.  Just ask for the kind you want, don't complain because you don't get it!This is amazing; the food is off the hook!!!! They delivery came super fast (maybe 25 minutes), and we were in for an amazing treat.  We ordered the super quesadilla and a pork plantain burrito.  SO good!  The salsa was some of the best I've ever had (btw all the condiments were huge, go for the small size unless you need a soup bowl full).  Overall - a real gem.Tres Jalapenos serves solid Mexican food.  The salsa was fresh and tasty and my pork tostadas were delicious.  
This is a BYOB, but during brunch on Saturday and Sundays (11am-4pm), they provide free mimosas.  How can you say no!?  Unfortunately, we got there a little after 4pm and they were out of mimosas.  But, possibly detecting my sadness, the server offered to make us some free margaritas.  Yes!  She knows my weakness.  And boys and girls, this was not a diluted drink, as to be expected when it's free -- the margarita was pretty strong and delicious!  A perfect complement to the chips and salsa and tostadas.Came here for happy hour but the up charge is ridiculous...they have $5.00 margaritas but if you want flavor it's an extra $3.50 for syrup...and please tell me where Cuervo is the same price as Patron??? I get patron being  $9.00 a shot but Cuervo 
...smh..oh well the nachos were good.This corner tienda at 4th & Moore rates as the best place I've had Mexican food in Philadelphia.
Plan on getting takeout, as there is nowhere to sit.  It is literally a tiny corner store selling the usual Latino corner shop goods (drinks, canned goods, cleaning products, etc.).  However, the menu is fairly substantial, and the service is friendly.  I haven't had anything I didn't like from this place.  Try it!This place was recommended to me by a few friends, and since I'm a Mexican lover I figured I'd try it. I really enjoyed my experience here. It's very chill, and usually never crowded. The service was awesome, and I LOVE the fact that they're a BYOT. I brought a bottle of 1800 tequila, and they gave us a choice of watermelon or cantaloupe and I mixed myself up several amazing margs! As far as the food goes, it was pretty good, but I've definitely had better. I got the beef tacos and the meat was very bland. My boyfriend had the green enchiladas and absolutely loved them. Maybe next time I'll just have to order something else. Overall, it was an awesome experience and I will be back.A solid choice for a reasonably priced sit down Mexican meal. This place is BYOB and a decent size for the Italian market area so I can see this as a great place for a group to go tie one on. 
My party of 4 was here on a Thursday night and we basically had the place to ourselves. Our waiter seemed to push us to order early on and forget about us toward the end but oh well, we had our booze on ice and no where else to be. I enjoyed the chips and salsa he brought our table (I think for free) and the guacamole we ordered was super fresh and tasty.
I had the chorizo burrito as an entree which was a bit of a mess and the chorizo was on the greasy side. Everyone did enjoy their food which seemed pretty authentic and for the price everyone was satisfied. I will be back with booze in tow next time I get that Mexican craving!First of all the food is really good and delivery is normally fast. The problem is when they sent the wrong item we had to argue with them to make it right. Ordered beef quesadillas and received beef tacos. Made a call to the store and they said "the traditional style is what was ordered and we should have asked for American style quesadillas" When they exchanged the incorrect for the correct order we got a love note circled how we should have ordered. Will probably order again but with cautionGot my order in only 20 minutes. This was on a Saturday around 4pm. Chicken Chimichanga special and tres leches cake. Absolutely amazing !!This is the closest thing to New Mexican food that you'll find here in Philly. They serve red and green "sauce" but is so similar to chile that it could be served Albuquerque. Get the red enchiladas or a wet burrito! Sopapillas are on the menu, but in the dessert section - are not served with honey with the meal. I'll be back to this spot!I had a really horrible experience last week.  I ordered a burrito to go, picked it up.  As I was eating it, I felt something that was not normally in a burrito and I pulled out a wire, much like a paper clip.  I immediately took it back.  While they refunded my money, I asked to speak with the owner and he refused to come out and hear my complaint personally.  Be very careful, there are so many wonderful Mexican places in the Italian market are, there is no need to endanger yourself and go to Tres Jalapenos!Wish I read reviews before I came... Think I was trying to give the the benefit of the doubt and was really hoping it would be better... It's not, I'm sorry to say. 
My tacos (traditional) were bland... (Carnitas, al pastor, steak) 
The guac that cashier and customers claimed was "the best" and very loved was not extraordinary... I definitely make better guac. It didn't taste bad. It was very creamy and had a good avocado flavor. You can tell it's fresh... But still, I was expecting more from the comments about the guac. 
The space looks like it would be nice for a party. They serve beer. 
The tacos tasted fine... But prob not coming back.I visited here recently fondly remembering a time I tried a friend's takeout from here years ago. However, I was disappointed. The price isn't really a 1 $ sign, I paid $13 for enchiladas with overcooked chicken inside. I'm not a fan of leaving bad reviews- especially when the staff was nothing but friendly and efficient, but with an abundance of Mexican food in Philly, i'd say skip this one.By far, the best Mexican food in the city!  I strongly recommend #65. "Green Enchiladas". It is a very full platter for an amazingly fair price of $8.25.I ate here for a celebration, which had an "all you can eat" option for $14 apiece. I don't think that's a wise idea because my friends felt compelled to eat as much as they could. For me, one plate of food was tasty and filling enough. Sometime too much of a good thing is too much, especially with Mexican food.
I am particular about my Mexican food, especially having lived in a Mexican neighborhood in Chicago with a taqueria on every corner. The food was good, the atmosphere was casual and comfortable, and I had a great time. It was BYOB, which was great. We brought tequila (among other drinks) and they mixed up margherita ingredients.Cheep bland tacos at a generic looking Mexican restaurant. The chips are tasty, and the bring your own tequila concept is amusing, though it turns out when you mix your own margaritas, they're simply not as good as those mixed professionally. By all means go if you are in the mood to get full and drunk. Just don't go for some sort of culinary experience.
On an absolute scale, the restaurant probably deserves only two stars. But cost adjusted, they earned three.my new favorite place. pork and pineapple tacos were delicious! homemade guacamole also a win. super cute interior with tons of seating and great service. i can't wait for the all-you-can-eat taco tuesdays!Definitely the best takeout Mexican I've ever had and much better than those chains like Chipotle, Qdoba, etc.  I tried the pork and plantain burrito based on the reviews here and it was awesome.  My girlfriend got the guac burrito and loved it.  We ordered some of the salsa to try, it was hot and tasty.  We also ordered some nachos, which came pretty soggy (I think it would be pretty hard to avoid) but they were tasty nonetheless with sour cream, fresh cilantro, refried beans, etc.  It will be a goto delivery place for us.$8 Burrito that's the size of your head and soooo good. Can't beat it! seriously.Tres is one of my favorite Mexican restaurants in the city. They are not a tex-Mex type of joint so only go here if you want good authentic meals. 
I almost always get a guacamole burrito adding plantains. The burritos are huge! The staff is always so sweet and helpful.I agree that it was the best Mexican I've had in the city so far. My boyfriend and I split the famous Pork and Plantain burrito, and the Shrimp (sautéd w/ garlic red peppers) platter. Both were absolutely delicious, and though I was completely stuffed by the last bite, I still wish I had more to enjoy- it was that good! 
Tasty, reasonably priced and great portions- What more can you ask for?  Definitely look forward to going back and eating in the nearby Dickinson Sq park.Aw, man. So disappointed in this place. Decided to order my standard mexican deliver - tacos al pastor and chips with pico, but wanted to try a new place, for the heck of it. Went with Tres Jalapenos and sadly, it really sucked. The tacos were cold, barely full and rather tasteless compared to most taquerias, and while i never thought chips & salsa from an authentic mexican place could be BAD...they were. The chips were clearly pre-made/bagged, and stale. The pico was not pico at all, but like chipotle-infused tomato soup. Also very obviously not homemade. With all the wonderful mexican places in the area, don't waste your money on this one. It is the most expensive, with 3 tacos ringing in at $8.50 (most are $5-$7) and also the WORST.BEST MEXICAN FOOD that I've found in the city.
I've tried a variety of items from the menu and I can honestly say I've yet to be disappointed.  The chips and salsa are a must. The salsa is great and they give you a large serving of everything.So, I'm amazed that these people are in the service industry. The treat people like crap. We ordered crispy tacos for a family of five 3 weeks ago. Tonight we called and they put me on hold for a LONG time. They finally pick up the line to tell me they don't "do" crispy tacos. I said we just ordered them 3 weeks ago. The woman says they may start doing them and did I want to speak to the owner. I said yes. On hold for even longer. Then they hang up on me. Then they don't pick up my call- as I thought *maybe* the slow woman disconnected us accidentally. Good riddance Tres Jalapeños. Adios.We absolutely love this place!  The food- dee-licious and the delivery is always fast and friendly.  Don't hesitate to give this Bella Vista gem a try!I was offered a "special" of chips and guacamole as soon as I sat down -- as if it were free.  Awesome!  I was surprised and pleased... and wrong.  Not free.  I ordered a shrimp burrito with mango salsa.  The chips were weirdly long and quite stale.  The guac was bland and there were two tablespoons of it.  There were three shrimp in a ten dollar burrito, and nary a mango bit to be found amongst the old  tomato bits and wilted lettuce shreds scattered beside it.  To drink?  I had water.  Total bill?  FIFTEEN DOLLARS.  Seems that dollop of tasteless guac was more than a beer would have cost -- if they served beer.  Obnoxious music and worse singing along with it.  I'm not a picky eater, but I am outraged by this sort of bait and switch.  Unpleasant in the extreme.  I should have walked another block and gotten a slice of pizza handed to me through a window.The details listed above are for their OLD LOCATION. At their NEW LOCATION AT THIS ADDRESS, they have tons of space! It's GREAT FOR GROUPS, they have WAITER SERVICE, TAKE RESERVATIONS and it's BYO. If you bring tequila, they'll hook you up with salt and some awesome margarita mix. 
I had a party of 12, called a few days in advance, and they accommodated both us and several other groups in their dining room that same evening. The ambience is relaxed, the waiters were attentive without being bothersome and the food was, as always excellent. Best of all, we felt comfortable hanging out for hours and no one bothered us. AND they don't have TV's and keep the music fairly low - we could all actually hear each other but since it's so group friendly we didn't feel like we were bothering anyone if we did get a little loud. 
Highly recommended for groups!Tried take out once and ate in twice. Overall, pretty uninspired. Food is bland. Went for all you could eat taco Tuesday, and the tacos were just okay. Strangely, they were out of limes (I got lemon wedges with my tacos!)--c'mon, guys, on Taco Tuesday have some limes around. I was the first one in, so it's not like you ran out (and the Italian Market is right outside).  As I said, uninspired.  Best thing so far was the portobello burrito, but probably won't go back.Definitely a local fave!!!! Ask for the green salsa w the chips and I highly highly recommend the watermelon margaritas fresh squeezed juice!!This is my new favorite place.
I've been here twice with groups of friends for Friday night dinners and both times we had a blast. While it's evident that they are new and still working out the kinks, the staff's friendliness and positive attitudes make up for the less-than-perfect service. It takes awhile to get settled in (they need improvement in getting guests menus, taking orders and getting drinks on the table), but the staff is very nice, the menus offers a wide selection, the food is really good and the prices are awesome (everything on the menu is less than $12)!
It proves that when people are apologetic and friendly, people will come back to dine even if they didn't receive perfect service.
Also, the BEST part about this place....it's a BYO(T)! 
AND...the margarita mix is free!
We recently learned from our server that they also feature different theme nights. For example, there's all you can eat taco night, poker night and a Spanish/English conversation night as well.
So if you're looking to get tipsy on tequila and have a cheap dinner and a fun night, this place is for you.This is my go to place for delivery, they're reasonably priced, quick and the food is really good. My orders are always here within a reasonable amount of time, I've tried a bunch of menu items and I like them all. If you're looking for more traditional Mexican,  go to Las Bugambilias. If you're looking for a good meal with a nice portion size,  come here! I should also note that the watermelon juice is FANTASTIC.Good food, great prices - service could've been better but we were also a very large group and I don't think they're used to serving to large partiesThis was one of the first "real" mexican places I use to frequent. Its not the best but its not the worst.
As for the place itself, its not in a good neighborhood. What do you expect, 5 star dining?I ordered takeout from Los Jalapenos ten minutes before they closed last friday night.  Before I even placed the order, I asked if they would still be open by the time I picked it up, and they said sure, so I was pretty pumped by that.  I changed my order about three times, and the girl on the phone was very pleasant despite me being a major pain in the ass.
We ordered the shrimp quesadillas, el pastor burrito, and guacamole.  The burrito was very large and delicious, the shrimp quesadillas were ok (they had a very strong iodine shrimpy taste) and the guacamole was the best I have had in the city.Last night I went here with a party of 15 for my birthday. They took my reservation just two days prior, and were so accommodating!! The entire table was set up before we got there, with water at each seat and a few bowls of chips and salsa down the table. The food was incredible and the service was perfect. At the end of the night, the staff brought out a surprise cake (that they made!) for me and sang. I wasn't expecting that at all! Thank you!I don't really have a whole lot to say about this restaurant other than I was underwhelmed.  I'm on the hunt for the best al pastor tacos and this place was not a winner.  My tacos were very "meh."  There wasn't a whole lot of flavor to them.
The please was really dark and pretty empty except for a large group of college kids rocking a box of wine.  So underwhelmed I can't even stretch this review into two full paragraphs.This place is terrible. Ordered take out and the food came 90 minutes later-- ice cold. Quesadillas weren't even melted. The chicken in the taco salad and quesadilla was so questionable that we didn't even eat them-- tossed it all in the trash. The salsa is basically a Tomato sauce with some spices in it. I'm pretty easy to please with food... But this "food" was so terrible I had to say something. Worst $30 I've ever spent in this city! Please don't waste your money here.It's been really hard to find a good, affordable Mexican place in Philly but this place is it! The food was great and good portions! The atmosphere was friendly and relaxed!  We went on Monday night and they had Texas Hold Em poker- free with your meal!  The owner was there and super nice and outgoing.  He played poker with us, too.
We started wiht chicken nachos which were really good.  I had enchiladas- yum!  All my friend's got different meals but everyone liked their food!  We will deffinately return here!  Oh- also they had BYOT and provided ($6) margarita mix on Monday night!  Not sure if they do that every night?I've been to Tres Jalapenos a few times and it has never disappointed! Really good food at a reasonable price in a fun setting is why I'll keep going back to Tres Jalapenos! I simply love it!
The food is everything I expect. The dishes are well prepared with quality fresh ingredients and the flavors are familiar. The guacamole is great so make sure you get some. I haven't had anyone complain about the food. The margarita mix is just OK. It's not the best but I love being able to mix my own margaritas table side.
The interior isn't very refined or decorative but I'm glad it isn't. It really generates a laid back, casual setting. It seems every table was laughing and carrying on and having a good time.
The service is a bit slow  and awkward at times, but it's something they recognize and they are super friendly and accommodating. They always fill your requests but it may take some time so just sit back, have a drink and enjoy some conversation.I like this place because it's like the taquerias but with more of a restaurant feel. They have decent tacos and the chips and salsa are free, despite them being on the menu for $4.50. I ordered a chicken quesadilla and it was not a normal one, but still tasty enough for me to finish it all! This place is worth checking out.So I have lived in the neighborhood for 10 years and I have seen restaurants come and go in this space. I am happy there is a viable restaurant, Tres Jalapeños, that's been able to sustain themselves on this corner. However I ate here once or twice. Why?  Because I am so turned off by their 'food practices' that the ONLY time I go there is when I am out with friends drinking. In general I am turned off by seeing the trash disposed of without trash cans, they just throw bags of trash on the street corner. They leak, stain the sidewalks and break open and then the trash stays there for days. Now if they aren't overly 'clean' of something simple like trash disposal m, I can IMAGINE what goes on in the kitchen!  I feel restaurants should RESPECT the neighborhood they are in, not trash them. If that's not bad enough, when the kitchen door is open on warmer days.....it doesn't look overly clean!!!!!!  
Wish they would be cleaner!They used to be down on 4st somewhere and had really good, authentic food, but now they moved to 8st, hired a bunch of gringa waitresses, and chose some corny decor. 
Their food is still good and their fried ice cream is pretty bangin, but eh.
I'm glad to see the owners are making good money, but unfortunately like all Mexican restaurants in my neighborhood they all pander to the annoying white folk with money who are moving in.Abysmal customer service. Got ripped off by this place and left hungry. Strongly discourage parting with even a penny here.Awesome. Got the shrimp burrito 'wet' with the green chile sauce.. it was ill.. will be back..Summary:  Mixed feelings about this place.  Food is really tasty, but the service is sub par.  But due to the food quality and proximity to my residence, I'll be back.  Overall I would say the food is a 4 and the service is a 2.
Visit #1  I heard really good things about Tres Jalapenos from friends who I trust in the realm of Mexican food (they also used to live in California, where it seems easier to find good Mexican).  Bonus..it's in my neighborhood, so it was with excitement that my girlfriend and I headed over toTres Jalapenos on a weekday evening.  The place was 1/2 capacity.  We were seated and we placed our orders for sodas, guac, chips, tortilla soup, and traditional pork tacos. My gf got the other soup.  The sodas and chips/guac were served fairly quickly.  We casually munched the appetizer, and when we finished, we waited.  Then we waited some more, then the waiter came by and said something to the effect that the soup was coming.  Then we waited, and waited.  Too long.  Finally when they delivered the soup, mine was just above lukewarm.  I didn't complain because it's not my style.  After finishing the soup, we waited, waited waited.  Again, the delivery of the rest of our food was too slow.  I'm talking 20-30 more minutes after we finished the soup.  I will admit the pork tacos were very tasty (they servce with lemons rather than limes).  When paying, the server took too long, and somehow managed to lose my credit card between the register and our table. I had to ask for it and she frantically searched before finding on the floor someplace.  Hmm.  
I decided to give the place another try before submitting a review...mainly because I WANTED to like this place.  The food was tasty.  
Visit #2  I've been back for take out....food was ready on time and was very good (chicken tacos and guac).  
Visit#3   Also went on a late Sunday afternoon. I was the only person in the restaurant. I ordered one of the shrimp plate entrees and they served me the other shrimp plate entree!  LOL.  I just went ahead and ate it without saying anything...might have been a breakdown in communication.These nachos taste like someone spilled a stale beer on them. Inedible. How do you mess up nachos like this??
Incredibly fast delivery, so 2 stars.My wife and I love this place...so why 4 stars?  Firstly, the salsa and guacamole are some of my favorite in the city. However, the last couple times the salsa was a little different.  I'm not sure if it's a new cook or a new recipe.  If it doesn't get sorted out, we'll be disappointed.  It's just one of those things we love and we don't want it to change. 
Our order is basically the same every time (since they were at 4th & Moore) and at this point the tacos should be al a carte. Yes I understand there are three in an order.  But...I always order four!  ... And my wife always gets the shrimp and pineapple tacos. Lol, neither are on the menu so the staff always has to figure out how to ring it up on the register.  Other than that, Tres Jalapeños is one of our staples.  I hope they stay open forever!Got that craving for a good burrito once again, and this was next on our list of places to try.  We took a drive down to south Philly and found the place no problem.  With more the look of a corner convenience store than a restaurant, selling random canned food and cleaning products in the front room, we had no idea what to expect.  The guy at the counter was friendly, took our order (accomodating our vegetarian diets) and told us it would be ready in 15 minutes.  I ordered the guacamole burrito, and my boyfriend the crispy tacos with rice and beans.  We returned with a few minutes to spare and the guy at the counter brought our food out to the car where we were waiting.  The food was excellent and authentic- good guacamole, good hot sauce - two essentials for mexican food.  The food could have perhaps been made even better with the addition of a few fresh jalapenos...as the name suggests, but other than that,  we were satisfied and will return.  Also good to note their delivery area is large- east to west - Front to Broad and north to south- Market to Oregon.WOW I am surprised to see so many good reviews for Tres Jalapenos.  I had to double check and make sure we were all talking about the same restaurant.  I went a couple of weeks ago, with a large group of people. The owner/manager was very nice and I liked the vibe of the place.  
However, I work hard for my money and I hate wasting my paycheck on nasty food.  I ordered the chicken fajitas, it was bland, cold and that is being nice.  Boxed oatmeal excites my palate more. I also had a taste of some of the other meals and they are only so-so.  
This place was absolutely horrible.  Don't waste your time and money.  UCK...Ok so I couldn't resist - I went back for dinner on Sunday as well.
The chicken mole burrito is very good, with just the right amount of cocoa-y-spic-y sauce and some tender grilled. 
Gorditas are fairly good.  They're compact, tasty, and dry - but not in an unpleasant way.  I would like to take a few of these hiking with me. 
I'm sticking by 5 stars.I went here last week with a few friends for my girlfriend's birthday.  It was a really rainy night, so the place was pretty empty, so I'm not sure how the service is on normal nights, but we were treated extremely well and promptly.  Without even asking or mentioning that it was my gf's birthday, they overheard us and sent over a complimentary tequila shot for her.  I had the shrimp quesadillas and they were very good.  The chips and salsa were amazing as well.  Everyone at the table loved their food, with one of my friends never shutting up about how good her tacos were.  I will definitely be dining in/ordering from here again.After obsessively reading the reviews for this place for a good few weeks, I bribed my boyfriend to trudge through the snow to get us some of their burritos. We did the "buy three, get one free" deal and bought two pork and plantain burritos, one portobello and one chorizo.
Night #1: We both devoured the pork and plantain burritos. Yes, they are as large as Chipotle's burritos... inside, however, it's like a whole new universe... of awesomeness. Unlike Chipotle the ingredients inside are mixed together and cooked to perfection. I want to marry the person who was brilliant enough to throw some plantains in a burrito. I don't know why it works so well. It just does.
(Side note: I googled "plantain burrito" and a result came up for a sad fellow looking for a plantain burrito in NYC. Ha! Something Philly has that NYC doesn't! I'm certain there's not a single restaurant in all of New York that carries this delicious combination.)
Night #2: We warmed up the remaining guys and split them. The portobello/onion burrito was just all right. There wasn't much flavor, and we were out of sauce. As for the chorizo, I couldn't even finish it. The meat was all gristle, and it was way too greasy. Like, Southern style "greazy" greasy. To be fair, it may have had something to do with leaving it in the fridge overnight and warming it in the microwave.The place is tucked in a corner of a small convenient store. But don't let the appearance fool you...their pineapple & pork tacos (earlier I said burritos, but i meant tacos) are so delicious. Prepared the way it should be...double corn tortilla, chopped onions, and cilantro.I have this place programed in my phone because I order delivery way too often from them. The food is consistently great and they deliver fast. I love the mole and green enchilada platters. The chips and salsa are so fresh, the chips are warm right out of the fryer. The only down side is that they updated their menu a few months ago and no longer have the tortas, which the fiance loved. The great selection of huge burritos make up for it though, the chorizo and the pork and plantain burritos are amazing. I could eat this every day and be so very happy.LOVE their food!! Be coming here since they were in south, south philly. I always get either the taco salad or a burrito, both are always amazing.
Eating in is a dicey chance....some of the servers seem like they could do with some training. But the food comes out incredibly fast.Authentic!!! And delicious :) when you walk in its transformed. Looks much getter than its curb appearance . The food was great and the salsa was yum!!!! The server was so great and cute. I am definitely coming back . The only negative, I'm too stuffed!i only found their food to be meh, but it is crazy inexpensive, and is a fun place to go with friends. and it's byob! the service is good though and everyone is super friendly. it's great for large parties and they're very accommodating with any of the b's you decide to bring. and they do have specials during the week and free conversational spanish classes!I was really excited to get takeout from here last weekend (with a name like Tres Jalapenos, I was pretty pumped), but the food was pretty plain.
We got nachos, a quesadilla, and a chicken burrito. The nachos and quesadilla were fine/good, nothing really notable or stand out about them, but the burrito was just not great. The shredded chicken filling was flavorless, and because it hardly felt like there were other fillings (were there even other fillings?), it just honestly felt like a lot of bland shredded chicken wrapped in a tortilla. It was not bad, but it was just not very good. I would not eat there again because it's just not worth it to go out for food that is so unremarkable.
It's kind of cute & kitschy inside and people say good things about the BYOT margaritas, so maybe it would be better to eat-in if you still want to eat here? We were just not impressed at all and thought it was a bit on the expensive side ($26 for those three things).I would have given them 4 stars but the delivery service...a bike driven driver always seems to get mixed up and deliver the wrong food so your 30 minute wait is well over an hour.   The restaurant always corrects it but frustrating the say the least.  The food quality is good and portions are hearty.  Tres Leches cake is good here.  One of the better ones I had.  I love the Verde's beef enchiladas.Service was a big failure tonight.  Their GrubHub account was down for whatever reason, so I called in to place a delivery order at around 8:20 pm.  It took 10 mins to place a 5-item order, perhaps because of all the background noise.  It is May 5 after all.  Not a big deal.  I am told the cc machine is down. Not a big deal - I'll go to the ATM.  After 1 hour and 15 mins, I call to check on the status. No answer. I try again 5 mins later. No answer. I try again, straight to VM. Same thing off and on for the next 15 mins.  Over two hours have passed since placing the order, and we're unable to reach the restaurant, so my wife and I give up and order from somewhere else.  I try them again at 11:30 pm (in the off chance they'll pick up this time) to let them know what should be obvious:  assuming the order was ever actually taken down in the first place, it was no longer wanted.  They pick up and tell me after a brief hold:  "Your order already went out and will be there soon."  No thanks. Yes, I know it's Cinco de Mayo.  But if you're not going to fulfill orders within 3 hours (or pick up the phone), just don't take them at all.I used to love this place, even though they had slow service (probably due to not having enough staff members). Had a nightmare experience on a day of celebration where 1 person didn't get food, 3 people didn't get any drinks they ordered. And we couldn't leave until after two hours of being there, because no one brought our check, especially when asking for it for 30 minutes straight. I hope one day their service will improve. Good luck!Came here on a Sunday night to catch up with friends before all of us had to go home and prepare for the grind of Monday morning. We were planning on going to Los Gallos but given that Los Gallos is in deep south Philly we had to choose a different Mexican place. Tres Jalepenos is not Los Gallos but its good for what it is. Cheap mexican food that tastes good, but won't give you a lasting impression. I got the Enchiladas with cheese which were tasty but nothing special. I felt like it was pretty standard! I give this place 3 stars because thats exactly what it is, highly decent and completely mediocre. I would come back again because the food and service is decent just doesn't give you that wow factor that every person dreams for.These guys are super fast with their delivery. The food is always great quality and warm - definitely worth checking out if your a fan of Mexican ... Oh and real Mexican coke too!i came back here on a snowy day for some burritos. I got their chicken mole burrito. It was large enough to satisfy my hunger (perfect lunch side portion). All the ingredients were juicy and delicious although it didn't contain extra salsa. Too many times you see places try to moisten up the flavorless, tough ingredients with salsa...the result is soggy burrito tortilla, part dry, part salsa overload. Not the chicken mole burrito from TLJ. Everything in it was juicy and each ingredient held moisture on its own. The result, satisfaction on each byte to the end.
I didn't taste too much of mole though. I was hoping for the complex, chocolaty, holy-crap mole moment...but didn't get it. But overall, definitely worth a little drive to South Philly.I am a bonafide California girl and most East Coast taquerias put me off, usually because of the prices.  Usually I wouldn't give an eatery that I primarily use for take-out as a 5-star, but I have been in search of an AUTHENTIC Mexican place that serves up great mexican dishes at reasonable prices. This place is my new favorite spot with authentic Oaxacan-style mexican food, where you can be completely full (and even have leftovers) for ten dollars or less.
They have everything from tacos to tortas to burritos to enchiladas to sopes.  I haven't found sopes since I left California, those thick pueblo corn tortillas topped with shredded chicken or beef, sour cream, lettuce, and salsa.  The mole burrito is amazing and also try the pork & pineapple burrito.  For dessert try the carmelized plaintains in sweet condensed milk.got a delivery order ... it was the worst every ... Los Jalapenos was so good and since they closed that and put all their time into Tres Jalapenos you would think it would be just as good if not better.The delivery time was great but ... 
First off they had such a hard time taking the order which was just for Pork Taco's and Streak Fajita's 
What showed up was almost not eatable .. the Pork Taco's looked like they were thrown from a train and then scooped up and put back in the box and they missed half of the meat. and the Steak for the Fajita's was pretty tough and the whole thing lacked something ... like taste. 
So disappointed :(
Although we did call about the Pork Taco issue and they did refund our moneyConvenient for delivery (free with $10 Minimum) and fast (20 mins). But my guacamole burrito wasn't very flavorful. Just sort of bland. It filled me up, but I wish it had more flavorful ingredients.Food was fine - typical Mexican fare - no unpleasant surprises. We had the Fajitas, served on a super hot iron griddle, and the Enchilada platter. Here's why only 3 stars - they advertise Margarita Mondays - that is why we went there. When the waitress came over (sweet girl) I mentioned we were there for Margarita Monday. She confirmed buy one get one for free. We ordered two Margaritas - a Mango and a Lime flavor - same price - they are all $8 each. When the bill came - no free Margarita. So we hailed the waitress and she came over and explained that you have to get the same flavor to get the free one- since we ordered two different flavors - no Free one. Wha?  (could you have told us this when we ordered?) She did give the usual 'blame the computer' excuse saying their computer only will give a free margarita if they are are same flavor. Now $8 isn't a big deal but it left me totally PO'd after an otherwise pleasant evening. Not going back anytime soon.holy crap, am i jazzed about this joint!!
see, my bff has been crazy raving about this place for ....well, for several months, at the very least. me? i was the naysayer! saying nay, as i am loyal to la lupe! i am loyal! i do not stray, with my taco loving, sopes eating ways.....
well. all that has changed. i strayed! i couldn't help it!
i started out with the green enchiladas, and was stoked. unbelievably fucking stoked. good beans? hell yes. good rice, that ain't goopy or dry? hell to the yes!
i am making el hubbo try them tonight. convert, ahoy!This place is about a C+. Got delivery from grubhub, actually came pretty quickly. Food was bland and neutral, somewhat unfulfilling. I def ate it though, it was OK. I got nachos, they were mushy, the guac was so flavorless it could have been from wawa. Friend got pork and pineapple tacos, they were actually pretty good. Gave an old dry lime though, tsk tsk. Other friend got portobello fajitas, they were ok, but lacked any flavor. Last friend the guacamole burrito.. it was mushy and boring. For a place with multiple jalepeño referenced in the name, this was place was not so hot. The cantelope juice drink was DOPE though, would recommend.Great Price Great Food , I am vegetarian so I order there bean burritos and salads Delicious!I'm very picky when it comes to mexican food, but this is probably one of my favorite mexican restaurants in Philly. I love their wet avocado burritos. They are amazing. Never been to this place as I've always had the food delivered. The delivery service is very quick.The guacamole burrito. Melts. in. your. mouth. Best food in the world.They make a pretty mean mole.
After having been here a few times, I'm a fan.  The prices are excellent, the staff is nice (and they are used to putting up with lots of rude customers) and the food stands up.  They definitely make concessions for vegetarians and vegans and I really like their al pastor.
BYO, cash, card and LEVEL UP which definitely gives you a healthy variety of payment options.  I promise that if you get the chicken mole burrito and you're still hungry, your appetite is not human.
Give it a shot, just watch out on Friday/Saturday nights for the 30 deep college party that shows up looking to turn the place into a frat house.The delivery man was very quick and remember everything (sauce cheese napkins!!! Thats like a first for me in south philly). Thesr are the first hard tacos I found that tasted amazing.  They were crunchy spicy yummy.. Oh and they're extremely filling.. I ate three and i'm soo full.  I ordered the ground beef hard shell and i'm very appy with this place.  Its snowing and the weather sucks but they're definately the place to get some warming spicy food.  I love it and will be ordering again!!!I got food delivered last night. Very authentic Mexican and it was delicious. I enjoyed pork carnitas  (very good) and California tacos. I could have eaten the California tacos my whole trip and been happy. Very filling but very expensive. They also sold me what was labeled on the site Mexican coke but it was American. Soda. Soda is soda, but i paid more for the good stuff.I ordered from here thinking that I was ordering from Los Jalapenos. The ordering, delivery time was great. However, the food...not so much. First off, my al pastor tacos came in flour tortilla, topped with sour cream and shredded cheese. What the hell...I was expecting authentic, double corn tortilla wrapped, chopped onions, cilantros. The flan was too egg-y...too firm and tasteless that we took one bite and threw out the rest.Decent food...unfortunately be prepared for it to be cold and have to wait over an hour and a half for deliveryThis is the perfect place to get fast, reasonable delivery!  The food is always good, hot and quick.  They give you a lot of food, usually one meal gets me two dinners. 
I love the chicken fajitas. The chicken is well flavored and cooked perfectly.  I have never eaten at the restaurant, but will try it soon!
If you want mexican and quickly, this is definitely the place to order.went back again last night & had another fantastic meal.
this place is fantastic and the service is so friendly.
i think it may be my new favorite place.A great lunch option! Ordered delivery from here half a dozen times with no complaints. Food always arrived ridiculously fast and fresh -- and you can't beat the price.
An order of chicken tortilla soup is salty and comforting, full of tender shredded chicken and rice, and enough to last two meals. The tortillas come plain and wrapped in aluminum foil for you to shred and sprinkle on top of your soup; I typically just skip it.
The pork, chicken and steak tacos were all delicious, served with fresh lime, onions and cilantro on corn tortillas. I'd recommend the shredded pork before anything else. Don't forget to get Jarritos Mexican soda, too!
My boyfriend once ordered a gigantic chorizo burrito, stuffed with spicy chorizo, beans, rice and cheese -- he ate the whole thing and passed out for three hours. Delicious.I would never think twice about going here if it wasn't for the yelp reviews. It's a hole in the wall but the food is delicious and authentic (I've never been to Mexico, but compared to other South Philly taquerias this one is awesome). While it's not the nicest restaurant I've eaten in, everyone I ate with enjoyed their food (california style steak tacos, fried plantains, plantain and pork burrito, steak burrito, fish tacos, guacamole, traditional steak tacos, and  fresh squeezed orange juice). The service was prompt and friendly and everything was cheap! Definitely would frequent this place often if I lived in South Philly.Ordered take out for myself and my cousin while visiting Philly. First off, we had real trouble deciding what to get because everything was enticing. With that said, we ordered waaaay too much. We split an order of chips and guac, as well as the queso fundido. Both were great. Since it was delivered, the queso was lukewarm, but that's our bad for ordering something that needs to be hot. I also ordered a green sauce covered chorizo burrito and I believe she went with fajitas. I can say the burrito was just as good the next day for breakfast. And there was nothing left of her fajitas, so.. 
The delivery time was originally quoted for over a full hour, but it didn't actually take more than 30 minutes at dinner time on a Thursday night. Everything in our order was correct, though I felt like we ran out of chips quickly - that would be my only complaint. I'm not local, but I know she will be ordering again because she is addicted to Mexican food.I was craving for some mexican food and i read the reviews so i decided to try it and now i'm a fan.  I ordered take out and they delivered the food with the quickness! I was pretty shock how fast it took. 
I love their fish tacos! I also like the pork and pineapple tacos and green steak.  I didn't really like their chicken quesadillas.Ok Mexican food, but lacking a lot of flavor. I ordered delivery through grub hub. I got the cheese enchiladas with rice and beans and a side of guacamole. The guacamole was great! But the chips were stale, I'm not sure they would have served stale chips in the restaurant. The rice and beans were flavorless and the enchilada sauce was bland. Totally lacking flavor.I've eaten at the restaurant a few times, but I really love their takeout/delivery.  Whenever we order, the food arrives FAST.  The ingredients are fresh and they make an awesome burrito.  The prices are great, too.Some of the most consistently tasty, fresh vegetarian mexican food I've found in the area. There isn't a lot of fuss to the food, all pretty standard fare, but more affordable than you'd expect for the quality.
When they have all-you-can-eat taco night, the place is packed with college kids drinking heavily... but it's worth the noise for plate after plate of quality vegetarian mexican food.I'm trying to figure out how this place has such high ratings. I had the steak, pepper, & onions burrito from here and wished I just had gone to Qdoba, Chipotle, or better yet my usual Mexican spot. The burrito had no flavor at all, they could have at least put salt and pepper on the thing. And they used chipped steak that's used to make cheesesteaks, who does that! Even Qdoba and Chipotle use better steak. I was passed disappointed with their food, but never again.This is my ten year old daughter's favorite restaurant. The food is truly delicious, and we've all become rather addicted. We frequently eat in and also do a lot of delivery, and we've taken several friends here when they've been visiting. Everyone has been quite enthusiastic about the food. I like the atmosphere too. It is relaxed but homey, and perfect for families. The wait staff is really friendly and great. We've had a couple mix ups with delivery, where we've received burritos with meat after ordering vegetarian, and there's been some confusion on Tres Jalapenos' end about how to deal with that. They need to have a policy for handling mistakes. But, aside from this, we've had no issues at all with this place. I am so happy it is in the neighborhood and I really want to see it prosper!I ate at Tres last night for the first time in a long while.  We used to love that place for a quick bite, just two blocks from home.  Last night, was a total disappointment...the guac was good, the chips were stale as all get out and my tacos were just meh. The menu is a take out menu....what happened to the real menus?  Has this place changed hands???  Not sure I will go back, despite having always loved this place.I feel if your going to order any Mexican food, it should come from the corner on 4th & Moore. The food is fast, fresh, affordable, and delicious.I recommend getting the Chicken taco salad. The chicken is nice and tender, served over rice, with lettuce, pico de gallo, sour cream if you like as well as guacamole. I love that the bowl is totally edible also. 
If your in South Philly definitely make a point to stop in an grab some amazing food! They also have a huge delivery area which is perfect!Great place to eat with friends and family. The ambiance felt comfortable, and the servers are really decent and alert. The food is amazing. I ordered the chimichangas and it filled me up pretty quickly. I'll definitely be coming back!Very good Mexican food, clean place, large dining room. Great for fast lunch. They need an OPEN sign.Love this place for eat in.....when considering delivery I must really consider what I'm ordering but usually I decide to get off my lazy butt and just go there.  For great prices you get huge portions and I've never had a complaint.  Tortilla soup, tacos and fajitas are my speed while my boyfriend loves their mole and burritos.  Ive been to a lot of mexican places and this one is by far my favorite.I've been getting guacamole burritos as takeout or delivery from their original shop in South Philly, Los Jalepenos, for a long time now and I've never had a bad burrito. In my opinion they are the best burritos in the city. I love that they opened up this place now and I can go there and eat in! The decor is really cute, hay bales and stuff. The staff is so helpful and friendly, and the food is AMAZING and great prices! My favorite part about them is the red salsa-ish sauce that comes with the burrito... I have no idea what it is but it's DELICIOUS. I could drink the stuff. Yum!The food here is pretty solid. A little pricey for what it is and some menu items are better than others, but there are some gems for sure. I recommend the carnitas quesadilla, the traditional, not the "jumbo" or whatever. The nachos are usually lacking, but as their appetizer choices in general are usually lacking I get them sometimes. Other items are above average, I've gotten different enchilada dishes the past couple times. 
Now if only based on the food I would give this place a solid 3 stars, possibly more. However, as this is mainly a delivery spot I must make mention that the delivery is AWFUL. Just plain terrible. I've had a myriad of things go wrong multiple times ordering. These consist of going to the wrong address, getting food orders mixed up, complete inability to communicate in English, and so on and so forth. It's just a mess ordering. It's a real shame, because when I used to order from their old location(4th and moore), it was some of the fastest and most reliable delivery around. Not sure what happened in the transition between locations, but I will not be figuring it out, or if they ever fix it, as last nights delivery debacle will be my final one.Went there on a Friday night with some Yelp friends. I was not very excited based on the crowd: besides us it was mostly large groups of college kids. Also, the menu was just a small brochure that looked like it was made in Photoshop.
However, the salsa and chips and the guacamole were both quite good. Reading on Yelp, it seemed like getting a burrito "wet" was the way to go. Looking for a vegan option I ordered a guacamole burrito without cheese and sour cream wet with with mole sauce which was the helpful suggestion of a member of our party.
It was fantastic. The mole taste was really good. I saved half for the next day and it made for a great leftover.
Pleasantly surprised, I would happily go again and order the exact same thing.3 of us went there yesterday. Good good good service and price is not bad. Love their food!! Will def go there againAll I have to say is how can you not adore a place that delivers food and phone cards!?!
Yet another wonderful Yelp recommended experience.  I had fish tacos and sweet plantains delivered to my door.  The tilapia was well seasoned, and adorned with fresh onions and cilantro.  The plaintains were f'in amazing, melt in your mouth, yummy goodness.
Extra props for online ordering and accepting credit cards.  This could easily become a habit.I posted this on 1/17/11, but this profile hadn't been created yet. Here it is again for your reviewing pleasure.
I've been back to Tres Jalapenos twice now, both times for brunch. I'm obsessed with their Green Eggs and Ham - fried eggs on a soft tortilla covered in green sauce, with chorizo, refried beans and rice on the side. SO FREAKING GOOD. They also give you a choice of a free mimosa, margarita or cup of coffee. The coffee is really good, and the mimosa uses fresh squeezed orange juice.
The most important thing I've learned about Tres Jalapenos is that it seems that they make everything in-house. Guac, tortilla shells, mole, green sauce, etc. Everything is fresh and homemade, and frankly, really really good. The prices are extremely reasonable, especially considering how damn good the food is.
Grab a bunch of friends and some booze and park yourself at Tres Jalapenos. Thank me later.Great food!!!!! Nice menu size and the delivery charge is perfection!  I love ordering from them because they're always pleasant and food time delivery is pretty much precise.If your service is horrible, then it doesn't matter what your food tastes like. Over and over, Philadelphia's Mexican spots offer HORRIBLE service. Both in-person and especially on the phone.
I have tried to like this spot because the food's not bad. But when I spend more time on the phone trying to get you to understand what it is I want to order vs. actually ordering, I can't roll with that. I just can't do business with you.
For now, I'll be making tacos at home.Went here for dinner and had such a great meal! I had the green enchiladas and they were soooo good. The waitress couldn't have been nicer and put up with my "what's your favorite thing on the menu" questions. It makes me a little sad that the place was nearly empty - COME HERE!! It's really good and authentic food!Judging by some not so stellar reviews, I wasn't expecting the greatest food.  But I was pleasantly surprised.
Exhausted from several days of Beer Week festivities, it was time for a night in.  Only thing is, the fridge was bare, and pizza wasn't appealing.  Remembering the Tres Jalepenos menu that showed up on our doorstep, we went in for it.
Delivery was super quick, and the food was plenty warm.  I ordered the green chicken enchiladas with a side of rice and pinto beans.  The tortillas were fresh and warm, filled with shredded white chicken and loaded with tangy green sauce and cheese.  The rice and beans weren't too shabby, either.  
Their standard traditional tacos are also great, and they've got plenty of other specialties. 
Traditional Mexican + fast delivery = my new favorite.Overpriced Mexican, with only hipster quality food (decent, but nowhere near as good as the 15 different Taquerias around the corner on 9th St). In a neighborhood full of Mexican immigrants, do yourself a favor and go to a Taqueria that is full of Mexican customers and not hipsters - you'll see why.So I have ordered several times no issues at all ....
Ordered .... Lots of time went by ( quoted 45 mins well past 1.5 mark) delivery driver calls says he can't find me ( I'm a business on east Passyunk super visible  ) said he was less then block away then asked me to just go to him ( i.e. I called for delivery because I'm running a business with customers in the store I can't leave  ) he proceeded to call back 4 times saying he couldn't find me ( now well over 2 hrs) even with people on street directing him where to go ( people on street got on phone with me he was 40 ft from me and still never made it ?!?) 
I called restaurant and said can you please just resent the order ( only one meal one drink ) they said sure....
20 mins later call back and say not allowed to resend order ?!?
It's not like food even ever made it to me after 2 hrs for me to refuse ! ) 
I said hmmmmm? This doesn't make sense can I talk to anyone else ... She said ok I'll ask again and call you back this was 2 hrs ago ... So 4 hrs wasted on a order for delivery when restaurant is 4 blocks away !!!! I just wanted a damn taco :(
This sucks I'm a business in same neighborhood and they totally just screwed up could have easily fixed issue but nope ...I have been here about 4 or 5 times.  I, too, thought that my friends & I were the only ones who knew about this hidden gem!  I like that the interior of the restaurant is no fuss and simple.  It is definitely the kind of place where you might walk in and think, "the food can't possibly be any good here"....but, oh, you would be mistaken!  
It's a BYO, so bring your tequila and they will promptly have margarita mixers and glasses on your table before you even have to ask!  Very accommodating! 
The food is delicious!  I'm serious - my friends & I have been all over the menu...and each thing on there is consistently, simply good.  The chips, guacamole, and salsa are great (although, I have had better guacamole).  I've had the chicken fajitas (yum), the skirt steak quesadilla (even more yummy), the enchiladas (great), and the burritos - get it wet, it's good.  Their food isn't very spicy - I guess that's my only complaint!
The food is really good, and well priced!  Tres Jalapenos is a great place to go to with a group of friends - they don't care if you're loud - in fact, I think they encourage it!This place tries really hard. It's authentic mexican....the plantains are GREAT and the mole is amazing. Why do you have to pay so much for chips and salsa? I will never know. But if you live close and want good mexican, this is your joint. And it's a shame it's always so empty, but hey! More room for you!So I thought I was the only person that knew about this restaurant....then I noticed the 50+ reviews. Either way, I like to think this is my hidden gem. I have been here twice now and both times I've had an enjoyable time. There are always tables available and the service is light-hearted and attentitive. The highlight of the restaurant is the BYOtequila feature where you can bring your own tequila and they provide margarita drink mix (free on Mondays!)
The food is alright. I ordered the steak fajitas last time I went. The steak was a little too dry and they only offer refried beans (I highly prefer black beans). But more importantly, the price is right for the generous portions. Harldy anything on the menu costs more than $10. The guacomole, though, was disproportionately overpriced at $4.50. Next time I'll skip it as it wasn't even that good. 
Overall I enjoy this spot and I will be returning. Although, next time, I hope they get their identity crisis resolved. They have two signs outside of the restaurant right now - one saying "Tres Jalepenos" and the other "Los Jalepenos." My friends and I have now started calling it "Tres/Los"  which obviously eliminates (further) confusion.There is a charm about this place lol. It's super empty all the time. The food is decent. It's not memorable, but it's not bad either. Great service, BYO, they take credit card, and free chips and salsa if you're dining in. Wonderful place to just chill, drink, and eat Mexican food. Not bad!I have been to this place twice now. Once dinning in and another time ordering in. The first time there was fantastic! Good service and the food was great! I just now ordered in the chorizo burrito wet with green sauce.... I can't move..... So good... So full.... Going back as soon as I wake from the food coma...... OH! The delivery was super fast! Way before the estimated time and on a Friday night no less.... Also, it didn't look like it had been regurgitated into box. A problem I have had ordering from a lot of places around here.