Came here for lunch with my fiancee and friend, found a small table by the window.  they have a great and varied wine selection.  I got a bubbly and my fiancee got some Italian orange soda.  We got the lamb sausage, potato chips, and crab stuffed peppers as "snacks" then i got the mozzarella with prosciutto bacon bits sandwich which was delicious and savory while being light and healthy. service was prompt and polite.  rustic, intimate, and cozy wine lounge atmosphere with low to medium noise level.  bathroom door lock and handle are kind of confusing to use at first. would definitely recommend for lunch!Yum! This is a great place to go with a few friends to share their delicious and nicely portioned cheese while enjoying a beer from their extensive drink list. 5 stars purely because of how much I loved their cheese selection and appreciated the staff's knowledge of each cheese.  I'd happily go back although this is not a place I'd go to have inexpensive drinks.Tria's employees are very knowledgeable about the selection of beers and wines they offer. This is probably why I look forward to going to Tria. This location has outside seating during the warmer months and is a real treat if you can get a table out there. It always seems to be busy, which is a good thing. I've never had any of the food items at Tria, because the real treat here are the drinks.both locations deserve 5 stars but my favorite location is in rittenhouse . I love the atmosphere :) 
Getting a tria card is well worth the small fee its a great way to keep track of the different wines, beers and cheese.  Sign up for the email lists as well they will keep you in the know of all the happenings going on during the week. 
Tria has great staff , fantastic cheeses, wines and beers from all over the world.Was wandering the streets of Philly and came across this restaurant.  Realizing I hadn't eaten all day I stopped off to grab a sandwich.  I immediately fell in love with the atmosphere and the staff was amazing and friendly.  
Sitting alone enjoying the view, a glass of proseco, and my amazing turkey sandwich; the staff checked in and offered light banter.  
Very impressed and highly recommend.My only hesitation to write this review is that it's almost trendy to review Tria, but the biz shouldn't be punished for it... 
My mistake is I passed by this place so many times thinking I should stop in, especially since it's packed, but figured the alcohol would be overpriced and food would be an expensive art project, at best. I was wrong. 
Rarely do you stop at a place like this. I've been twice and both visits were everything I'd want for a nice, casual dining experience. The first time I went we were the only ones outside (it looked like it was going to rain... and it did). The servers offered to reseat us immediately but we actually opted to sit outside and watch the rain. Everything was covered so it wasn't like our server got drenched coming to our table. I had a salmon sandwich, she had a salad and we shared a cheese plate. Everything was portioned and presented very well. The wine and beer they recommend went with the lunch nicely - we had a great time, so we came back a month later. This visit was equally enjoyable. We sat at the sleek bar for a drink before being shown to our table. I feel this spot is the perfect W. Washington Square casual experience coupled with it's nearby neighbor Varga for the rowdier experience.We came here for dinner on the recommendation of a friend of a friend, who loves it and has been here multiple times.  We liked the idea of ordering a bunch of small plates to share.  It didn't disappoint--everything was delicious and lovingly presented.  We ended up ordering the goat cheese and basil bruschetta (mild but tasty); figs stuffed with blue cheese and served over prosciutto (rich and pungent); calimari (which I didn't try); fennel sausage (tender and flavorful); two of the cheeses (one was an amazing triple creme; can't remember the other one); and the chocolate torte.  The cheeses (which are listed on a separate part of the menu--make sure not to overlook them!) are served with sliced bread and are paired with various toppings.  Ours came with fresh honey and some kind of tapenade.       
It's somewhat pricey but not exorbitant, which we had anticipated.  The bill came to $80 for five small plates, a cheese board with two cheeses, and two glasses of wine (i.e., a moderate amount of food for dinner for two people).  You could obviously tweak this depending on your appetite, your budget, or your mood.  It would be a great place to just drop in for a snack. 
We ate at one of the cafe tables on the sidewalk, which made for a really pleasant evening.  The service was good but was attentive to the point of being slightly overbearing.  But on the whole this was a very fine meal.  Thank you!I am a frequent Sunday School attendee and Wash West is my location of choice. The staff is amazing, the selection is perfect. 
With so many options being available in Philadelphia and so many new places to try, I am still always going to return to Tria regularly. Great beers, cheeses, wine, food, service, everything. Perfect for any time of the day or occasion.This review is strictly of the food. I do plan to come back for wine, though. I ordered the garlic rosemary chips. Although they were only $2, I expected a little more. There were about as many chips as you would find in a lays snack pack! The rosemary was very strong, but I like rosemary so I didn't mind. My friend had the pesto bruschetta. If you love pesto, this is the snack for you. It came with two very small pieces of bread with a small amount of goat cheese but absolutely loaded with pesto. The stuff was dripping off. My friend actually had to take some off because it was overwhelming. The atmosphere at Tría is nice and the staff are relatively friendly. If you're coming for wine and cheese I am sure the experience will be more exciting.Ate on a Saturday around 2 PM - since it was a later lunch there were tons of available tables, which was nice. 
Apple Tree Goat Cheese with Basil Pesto Bruschetta - SO good. This one was my favorite of the two we tried.
Pistachio Herbed Ricotta with Lavender Honey Bruschetta - this was my husbands favorite bruschetta - it was also very good!
Roasted Beet Salad - loved it. There was A LOT of goat cheese, so if you don't care for it as much, then ask for them to go light on it. I love goat cheese myself, so it worked out well. It was light, but there was enough to make lunch filling.
Claudio Mozzarella Sandwich - 4/5 stars - really tasty. He thinks it would have been better if the prosciutto weren't crispy since he felt it lost some of its flavor. 
Flourless Chocolate Torta - a good end to the meal. Not TOO much - just enough for two people! 
This was probably our favorite meal we had in Philadelphia and would definitely recommend!Very nice dining experience! I loved almost every dish we ordered. Artichoke salad is the best!!! I would love to come back :) Yes, I am not just a Chinese food fan, also an Italian food lover lolThe staff is nice and very friendly, but the wine selection is not the best and the food is not something you would order again. Nothing really stood out. This place has nothing good unique to offer.I spent two years in Philadelphia for graduate school and Tria was by far my favorite place in the whole city!  I strongly suggest getting one of their membership cards, which offers rewards for frequenting the establishment (such as a $50 gift card). 
Tria has a great happy hour (5-7) which offers different lists of wine, beer, and cheese at discounted prices. My friends and I always ordered food from there menu and we loved EVERYTHING! I especially love the asparagus salad with white beans, beets with feta cheese, and their lavender pistachio honey drizzled bruschetta.  Their lemon square dessert is amazing as well!   Their menu does change seasonally throughout the year, which I think is nice.  Their variety of wine, beer, and food offers guests a chance to try new items every visit.
You cannot get reservations at Tria, but they have a decent turn over for smaller groups.  It is more difficult to go with a large group of people, but if you are willing to split up into smaller groups it is well-worth the wait!Great wine bar to people watch and enjoy a day or night out!  Take your girlfriends or a date.I mostly go here for Sunday School and the 5 for $5 happy hour. Good stop for a Sunday Funday.
The wine and beers I have tried here have been pretty delicious, one stand out being a wine with hints of blueberry and white pepper, I wish I could remember the name!
The food here is good and reasonably priced, cheeses are paired with simple but delicious accompaniments. Standouts include the arugula salad with beets and goat cheese, and a white bean and artichoke panino.
Tria is a good place for a low key date or hang out with a friend.Food:
The best selection of bruschetta.  My favorite is the goat cheese and pesto unfortunately for some reason they took that off the menu - which I'd like to go on record as saying I am upset about that.  My second favorite (which is still on the menu) is the Pistachio herbed Ricotta with Lavender Honey.  Tria's food is on the lighter side.  Usually when I go with someone else we load up on brushetta and cheese and split a panino.  One of my favorites is the Smoked Chicken panino.  During happy hour they have good beer specials.  If you don't feel like drinking while you there I recommend the passionberry iced tea.  It's bottomless - can't beat that.
Service:
I've been here countless times and never had a problem with the service.  Everyone is nice and the food comes out quickly.
Ambiance:
It depends which one you go to.  The one around 13th is bigger and has nice heated outside seating.  The one at 17th and sansom is smaller and since you can't make a reservation you have to get there before 5 to get a table.  The inside are both are basically the same.  Hardwood floors and a nice bar.  Candle at the table.  It can get a bit loud but other than that it's a nice place to eat.Tria was a fun place for a bottle of wine and some cheese.  I would definitely recommend it as a relaxing place to unwind with friends after a work day.I think I might even like this Tria a smidge better than the Rittenhouse location, after sitting in the litlte upstairs section which had much more breathing space than the smaller 19th St spot. The waitress we had was as good as ones we've had in previous locations: super cheerful, adorable, and prompt at checking on drinks and clearing away the plates.
We went today to check out Pliny the Younger, and while the ensuing scene was a little chaotic (maybe drink tickets would have been easier?) with two lines on either side of the store, they did the best they could, letting in 10 people at a time until the restaurant was filled. We were worried about our friend, who was running late and doesn't like beer, not being allowed in, but she had no problems after letting the host know we were waiting for her.
The food was also delicious. We all shared the Asturian Blue cheese which was nicely complimented by a blackberry sauce, I had the wild mushroom sandwich which had a lovely lemony flavor, my boyfriend had the three cheese sandwich (which I have ordered before and is quite good), and our friend had the truffled egg toast, which we have also tried before and is one of the standout starter items.
All in all, I have yet to be disappointed by an experience at a Tria in either location, even with these crazy extenuating circumstances!To die for. Fabulous service and even better food. Totally delicious.Lovely wine selection and complementary food...some hit and an occasional miss. Good service depending on who you get. I could become a regular here if the music wasn't so darn loud that you couldn't bring anyone you really want to talk to or if you just wanted to from, eat and read. Not a place for any of that!what to do on a snowy day in philly?  go to tria!  this place is wonderful - the food is delicious, the drink list is great and the service is pleasant.  i can't comment on the atmosphere, because i was there at noon during a snowstorm, so no one else was in sight...  but, the smoked chicken panino and the banana caramel desert panino are SOO good.Road-trip thru philly, found this on yelp, tried it and we're very glad we did! We both got the smoked duck salad, and split the rapini bruschetta and white bean dip, accompanied by Peeper ale.  Everything was wonderful, just as the other reviewers said. We thought it couldn't get any better, when they brought out the lemon blueberry panna cotta - pure heaven!  Next time we go thru philly THIS is where we'll be stopping.I go here when happy hour girlfriends request a wine night. 
(and it is a busy week in the city so you won't get a table on 18th)
Good food and drinks. Average high cost for a center city dig. I always find the service hit-or-miss like good-or-pretentious. I can easily drown myself in cheese so all can be forgiven.This place is so good just thinking about it makes me want to splooj. Seriously I can't imagine a place that satisfies all my needs like this place. The manager justin always greets me with a warm smile and a hearty beard. Why would you go anywhere else to entertain a guest or yourself? I don't know. One time I pronounced Chardonnay with a hard "ch" and no one even blinked an eye, so don't be shy order what you want!Holy crow is this place fantastic!
Great balance of nice wines and beers on tap, with interesting and unique beer and cheese selections. I always take people here when I want to celebrate. The duck salad with a one of their lovely full bodied reds is just heaven. The salome plate is also great if you're looking to try a bunch of little things without breaking the bank.
I'm usually off put by the frufru places, but this place somehow manages to be frufru but casually welcoming at the same time? Yeah, it's mostly bougie yuppies here, but they made me, a kinda grungy 20-something hipster and my friends, feel fairly comfortable, considering the aforementioned bougie surroundings. 
Overall a fantastic experience and, most importantly, totally and completely blown away by the food and drink.When you need a glass of wine over lunch to relieve your hectic mid-week morning, this is great place to be.  Simple but well created dishes, and good recommendation for wine from the staff. 
The chicken sandwich over chilled wine certainly helped me today.Tria opened this past weekend, and my buddy and I decided to give it a try.  We arrived around 7 pm on Wednesday and were seated immediately at a unique table with a coffee table for food.  it was noted that it was just a seating area, but we didn't care eating off of a coffee table and took the spot.
Their drink menu was on an ipad mini, which was pretty sleek. They showed you descriptions of the beer as well as how much of the keg was left. Apparently if your drink kicks the keg (i.e. empties it) you get that portion of beer for free. So there could be some gamesmanship if you like as well.
They had a ton of beers and one of the ones i tried Freigeist Abraxxxas was REALLY good, complex, and generally didn't taste like beer. quite good.  My friend recommended it and the waitress was impressed with my choice, so yeah, good call buddy.
We had the wings and mussels to start, wings were really good with the citrus kick and cilantro.  Unfortunately, the mussels were really salty.  likely due to reduction of the broth? or perhaps just tht was supposed to be the way it was supposed to be to pair with beer, but really, WAY too salty.
The flatbreads were pretty good. the duck flatbread was ok, but i really liked the philly roast pork one.  Overall, a great experience!Excellent food, great beer selection, superb & very helpful staff. Highly recommended!I was in town for a Bat Mitzvah, and my brother and I had a few hours to kill. We went and visited my grandmother's old apartment on Chestnut street and then we just started walking around. We literally walked almost the entire city, ok maybe a little help with a cab, and eventually found our way to Tria. It was perfect. It was a lazy Monday afternoon and ended up getting a few drinks and appetizers and cheese plates. It was really a good time. Next time I make my way back to Philly I will make a point of it to bring my wife and enjoy a glass of wine.My absolute favorite spot in the city to visit when my girlfriends come into town. The atmosphere is charming, and intimate enough for a date. The menu offers an excellent variety of sammies and salads, and a wonderful assortment of cheeses. They pair their cheese brilliantly with different honey and berry spreads, as well. I also enjoy indulging with an order of their house-made chips and rosemary aioli as I peruse the rest of the menu.
The service has always been terrific and extremely personable. The servers are very knowledgeable of their menu and their wine offerings. I have never been disappointed in any of my choices, possibly because I rely on their outstanding recommendations. It's really convenient that they categorize the wine into sections such as, "Sociable Reds, Funky Reds, etc..." Every time I've ordered food, I've been very pleased. The only time I did not completely enjoy my salad was a fault of my own. I ordered the smoked salmon salad, but apparently I missed the "smoked" part in the description due to one too many glasses of wine. The smoky taste was exhausting after the first few bites, and truly overpowered the entrée. I think they've actually changed this to a roasted salmon, which I'm sure is delightful. 
Tria will always remain a staple setting for my most fun evenings with my girlfriends, even if one of us always manages to lock ourselves in the bathroom on the first floor every single time.Hidden gem !! 
Starting with my extra foam cappuccino , paired nicely with my Warm Poached Black Mission Figs, and finishing with my perfectly toasted Prosciutto Cotto Sandwich!!! Perfect crunch on every bite ! Would've given them a 5 star rating but the service was okay .
Other than that highly recommendMy boyfriend and I stopped in to Tria this past weekend and sat outside. It was a beautiful day and we had a wonderful experience. Justin was our server and we were impressed with his knowledge and ability to choose a selection of cheeses and pair them with a red and a white wine. We like wine and cheese but are no experts, so we left the decisions up to Justin. He didn't let us down. We can't wait to go back and let Justin do the ordering for us, and try new wines and cheeses.Delicious food, extensive wine list and wonderful employees make this one of my favorite places to go for a quick bite or lunch meeting.After a horrible situation with another restaurant messing up our seating arrangements and waiting over an hour for, we came here as backup. Arrived here on 9/4/2016 around 7pm. 
Food option is limited to basically sandwiches on this Sunday night. Primarily good for cheese and wine option. Me and another person sat at the counter where we get to see people prepare the cheese and other products. However, the reason it is 3 stars is because we observed the behind the counter employees (4 at the time) touching ready to eat food items with their bare hands. Food code regulations state that they are not allowed to have bare hand contact with ready to eat food items. Even though their hands and employee hygiene appeared to be visually clean, not once did we see them wash their hands while fully grabbing the bread and cheese with their hands. Every public health official knows that washing hands can eliminate as much as approximately 80% of bacteria/diseases on their hands. 
As for the quality and taste of the food itself, they were superb and the service/staff was very courteous and approachable. 
----------------------------------------------
UPDATE (9/5/2016)
Owner reached out to me immediately. He was very professional in regards to the response and plans on rectifying the matter immediately. Bumped up to 4 stars, as a review is not just associated with the facility and food products, but proper management as well.I reviewed the Tria in Rittenhouse and gave 4 stars. This Tria, hello! 5 stars!  The food is always worth 5 stars, in both locations. But this location in Washington square west is much more spacious and way less crowded. There's plenty of outdoor seating also!  In love with Tria. Always amazing food, unique small plates that blow away your tastebuds, rare craft beers, large selection of cheeses, and oh yeah, it's a wine bar!?  I go for the beer though :-)   And I can seriously eat every item on the menu they are all as equally delicious.  
Thanks Tria for rocking my world. Can't wait for the new beer bar to open this fall!!I lovelovelove this place.  The cheeses are out of this world good, and so is the rest of the food.  My one complaint, of course, is the wine prices.  I love to hang around and drink loads of wine with my cheese but at $8.50-$11 a glass, cheapest, it can get expensive after a while.  But having that said, I'd go here every night of the week if I was rich!Love Tria.  I keep trying to branch out, since this place is a block from my apt and I feel like it's almost too easy, but it really is fantastic.  The service is always impeccable, the wine selection is always interesting with a range of styles and prices and great, accurate descriptions, and the apps/small plates are excellent accompaniments to the wines.  You can get snacks for $2.50, which I haven't seen anywhere else in the city, and they're fresh and fantastic.  The staff can steer you towards the perfect match with your wine or beer, and you cannot beat the happy hour deals.Great casual place to get food & drinks. This was the first place that my girlfriend and I went on a date and it has failed to disappoint. Unpretentious, good food, and good beers & wine. Dining out side is recommended (depending on the time of year) and the staff is polite & helpful. I almost hesitate writing a good review because I want it to remain a secret.This is my favorite wine bar in the city! The staff is extremely helpful and the food is great too! I love that they update their menu frequently!Having only been to the one on Rittenhouse Sq. once, I still feel fine saying that this Wash West location trumps it.  This place is FAB both for dinner, snacks, and after-dinner drinks, catering to nearly any taste.
1) The DRINK SELECTION is phenomenal.  If you're a beer drinker, don't fear it being second to wine at this wine bar.  We're talking serious bottle list and 6-7 drafts!!  Glasses all the appropriate size and shape, not kept cold, and beer the absolute perfect temperature for tasting.  Not bad prices either!!  Last time I was here I had the Russian River Damnation, which you'll be pressed to find at any other bars in the city.  Second - the wine!!  It's both annoying and clever at the same time that they don't organize the list by country, but their descriptions are witty enough to make up for it.  The bartenders will always steer you in the right direction if you don't know what to get; I recommend the Malbec they serve.
2) ATMOSPHERE.  You'll have trouble finding a cozier place than here during the warmer months when the walls are opened to allow both outdoor and indoor seating.  Dim lighting, slick copper bar, nice variety of people all enjoying themselves, rich and inviting decor.  I've spent hours here at a time and it never gets old.
3) Finally, the food.  Great cheese selection as I'm sure you can tell by the other reviews - reasonably priced, aptly presented with all the right   accompaniments.  Also, the bruschetta!!  Out of control.  I usually come after dinner so I haven't had anything more substantial, but whoever writes that damned Tria menu makes me salivate each time.
Bottom line - pay it a visit!This place would've been more had it not been for the attentionless server we were unfortunate enough to receive.
Having just driven a few hours in a car from FI/Brooklyn/etc when we arrived at this place the only thing I really wanted right away was a glass of water.  Looking around every table had water, so I didn't expect that I needed to order glasses of water.  Instead we ordered glasses of Cava and a few cheeses...  Our wine and cheese came, but no water.  I finally asked him for some. What is this, Europe?  And it's not like every other table there didn't have their own glasses of water, they did, and I doubt even that half of them had to "order" water. 
Didn't try much of the food, just cheese.  It was good.
Our server seemed like a nice guy.. to others.  To us we were lucky to get a word in other than to add to our order.  I don't know where his too cool for you attitude came from, I think he had us pegged as tourists as soon as we sat down.  Which we were.  But that doesn't make us idiots.Went on a Saturday night, not too crowded but definitely busy. Ordered three different types of bruschetta. Still can't decide which one was best! Great wine selection also. Definitely one of my favorite restaurants for drinks and small plates!Great place for a date and such a romantic bar for the wine. Lots of varieties of cheese and snacks.Craft beer, boutique wines, artisan cheese and a seasonal menu of small bites and heartier sandwiches all served by one of the best trained staff in the city (plus multiple locations). Seriously, what else do you need?!Favorite, favorite, favorite place in Philly, hands down. Been there three different times now and each time has been pleasurable and cheap.
Bruschettas are hand-licking good - have tried the caramalized onion, truffled mushroom, garlic and pesto, pistachio + honey, and the brie + cherries ones. All are good but my faves are the garlic and pesto and the pistachio + honey.
I always get the Three Cheese and Tomato Panino to split which is a good sized portion if you're splitting between two people. It comes with a side salad as well. Finally, the sweets are to *die* for; try the banana and mascarpone panino -- it's different and surprisingly good.
I'll always be a fan of this place. Love.I love wine, so this is a favorite spot for me.  I have met a date many times here during happy hour for a glass of wine (or more), accompanied by some classy appetizers.  If you're a fan of wine and cheese, this is the spot for you.  I never have a full dinner here, but it's a great place to sip a glass of wine, have delicious fancy snacks, and chat with friends. The atmosphere is hip.  When you get a two person table, it also has a romantic and intimate vibe, which makes it good for a date.  Highly recommended!After standing in the line that was out the door for Barbuzzo for 20 minutes, we decided to come here instead. And that was perhaps the best decision of the night!
The atmosphere here was much more calm and relaxed compared to other "famous" restaurants in the area and the food was just as delicious! We got the "Truffled Egg Toast" (a must get if you are here!) and "Apple Tree Goat Cheese with Basil Pesto Bruschetta". Definitley recommend both of them in a heartbeat!
We ordered all of their dessert. It was a good combination of warm/cold dessert. My favorite was the brioche bread pudding.Get the cote de Rhone
This is an adorable little wine bar, with reasonable prices on some great wines. I chose to down two delicious glasses of the cote de rhone blend which more than satisfied my wine tooth. I would recommend stopping here for a mid shopping spree wine because it is a nice place to see and talk.Love tria.  Great food great service.  I come here almost every Sunday afternoon.  It can get very crowded sometimes.  I had all the food on the menu.  Yes I really did.  All good. Try everything.  I love Sunday school I get to try the feature cheese, feature wine and feature beer for half priced. (first order).   See you on Sunday.1. Food is yummy -- delicious small plates - big enough for two to share each dish
2. Service very nice and attentive
3. A little tight, you may be overhearing your neighbor's conversation but some may consider it cozy
Definitely worth a try. I will be back!First al fresco dining day of the year - selected Tria over Varga for a late brunch.  Service, while a little slow, was overall fine, until 3/4 of the way through our meal, when some heavy metal clipboards were accidentally dumped onto my left shoulder from a shelf 3 feet in the air behind me (ouch), leaving me with swollen and bruised left shoulder.
Now, understandably, accidents will happen, and our server apologized several times. However, in my experience, if a paying customer is excessively spilled on or accidentally injured(!), it is typically good customer service for the manager to offer a small 'mea culpa' of sorts  - perhaps pick up my cup of coffee or my bottle of Pellegrino?  Nothing, which suprised me for a place I once considered a quality establishment.  
I found this to reflect very poorly on the 13th St. Tria and I probably won't return.  Its a shame because I've been going to the Rittenhouse location for years and loved it.
-----------------------------------------
Update: Upping to four stars.   Tria's very gracious owner saw my Yelp rewiew and made the kind offer of a gift card (which is actually way better than a coffee or Pellegrino  :-)  A lovely gesture in making things right.
I'm so glad to know that Tria is still the great place I've always loved.  Thank you Tria - we will be back!!Would have been better but overcrowded was not how I wanted to start the night.  Saying that we grabbed a seat at the bar, had a glass of wine each and shared a starter (crostini with goat cheese and a homemade pesto).  Very nice.  A good way to start the evening but nothing special.  
Special was my companion for the evening.  Sugar was on my arm yet again for another shot at best date ever.....read the other review from this night to see if we achieved itHow have I not reviewed Tria yet? This is definitely one of my favorite spots in the city. I've been to all 3 of the locations, but I seem to frequent Washington Square West most often. It's a great place to unwind after work ($5 wines 5-7), catch up with girlfriends Saturday afternoon, or have a date night. The servers are very knowledgeable and attentive. The food is delicious, especially the grilled asparagus salad and, of course, any dish with cheese. Do I even have to comment on the wines? I always leave in a good mood wanting to come back for more!When I want to treat myself to some luxury (Will Ferrell voice).... I take myself over to Tria. It's my safe little haven of glorious wine. I haven't indulged in their selection of cheeses yet, but I certainly will soon. The staff is also really friendly, knowledgable and helpful. I'm actually going to Tria tonight...I can't wait!The only way I could afford this place on a semi-regular basis is during their happy hour, which features five different items for just $5 each from 5-7 pm. Two wines, two beers and a cheese plate. Lovely.
A friend and I shared a few things. A cheese plate, which was served with prosciutto, high quality olive oil and bread, followed by a small plate of figs and gorgonzola. The figs were smaller and tougher than I had hoped- they seemed previously dried, not fresh. An artichoke panino came next, which we subbed goat cheese for instead of feta- delicious. We wrapped up our meal with another sandwich- dessert, this time. I recommend the caramel, banana and marscapone cheese panino over anything else on the menu. Mmm...The staff here couldn't be better. So knowledgeable and always make sure I get a wine that I will love! Whether you know exactly what you want to drink or want to be adventurous this is the place for you! Amazing happy hour too!Came here with my partner after a day of traveling. We had a Groupon deal for this place and it definitely exceeded my expectations (Groupon Now can be a bit of a crapshoot). It seemed like it could get pretty busy, but we were lucky to be seated outdoors right away. Tria has well-arranged sidewalk seating. Our server was attentive without being up my ass (which I hate). The wine and beer list are excellent and very reasonably priced. We had some bruschetta, a brie cheese, and a flourless chocolate cake, all of which were yummy (although the bruschetta is a bit overpriced for what you get). I will definitely be back here when I'm in town next. I know that if I lived in the nabe, it would be a staple.Ok I am a Tria DEVOTEE. I love the wine (try the Riesling Kabinett), I love the cheese, I love the happy hour and the Sunday School specials. I'm pretty sure I have eaten the entire menu over the course of the last year. The service is also amazing. Recently, we've been buying the $8 for $15 Groupons, which is a great deal. I have also found them to be very responsive in the rare instance that I have had a complaint or issue.Great spot for a nice glass of wine and some small bites.  They have a fantastic wine list and the small bites are always delicious.  It always has a great vibe, but is not loud so it is a great place to meet a few friends and actually be able to talk.  Always happy meeting people at Tria.This is a great place to go for happy hour after work, or for a drink before going to a show, or just to hang out on the weekend before you go dancing somewhere.
They have a great selection of beers and wines. Great tapas, extensive list of cheeses, and really nice atmosphere. Also, servers are very attentive and helpful if you need to pair a tapa with a beer or a glass of wine.
They have an event calendar with wine tasting activities, wine classes and the Sunday school, where you get to try a different cheese, wine and beer.
Downside is that, because so many people like this place, it can get really crowded. There are two locations though, Rittenhouse and the one in Spruce. During the summer you can sit outdoors.This place was AMAZING. I was in town for a conference and had just finished business stuff. My partner and I went to the Liberty Bell and then wanted a nice brunch - and wow am I glad we went here.
Excellent wine selection first off - I loved the boutique choices on the menu. Our server was astounding - attentive to the correct degree, personable and happy to provide recommendations/pairings with our orders. We opted to order several small plates and share.
First - Poached Black Mission Figs - so savory and delicious! And I'm not even a big blue cheese fan, but these were perfect. Then we had two of the Bruchettas - Truffled Mushroom with Fontina and Brie de Nangis with Allagash Cherries. Both were really tasty and paired well with the wines recommended by the server. The only potential downside here is that they were fairly simple in construction - we could easily recreate this at home. Then we had the Smoked Duck and Spinach Salad which was just delightful. Again, I'm not the biggest pistachio fan, but they really did add something special to this salad. Finally, we split the Warm Apple Bread Pudding which was a lovely taste of fall.
Unlike some of the other trendy places we visited in Philly, we never felt rushed -- so many other spots the staff seemed like they were just trying to turn over your table. This place was exactly what we were looking for - a quiet spot where we could relax and take our time enjoying brunch. I'd highly recommend it and will make a point to visit again when I'm in the area.Great place to stop by for a quick delicious snack & wine. My boyfriend and I enjoyed coming here. The service was great as well. Nice place nice food & nice people !!The various Tria locations are all great, and this one - perhaps the original Tria? - is perhaps my favorite, being a bit more roomy compared to the Tria West. Seating upstairs provides a somewhat quieter area. I recommend getting in a bit early, as the place does fill up. Incredible wines and beers, as well as the food (tapas size) selections. On a recent visit, our server, Jill, confidently recommended the Avec les bons Vœux de la brasserie Dupont - she was right! I'll try to get back while they still have it. For snacks, we enjoyed the white bean spread and a cheese selection. The very attentive staff brought more bread as we worked through what was first served. On a more recent visit, the mushroom with Fontina toast was excellent, very simple, yet really satisfying. And may I say that NOT having a TV was an excellent decision by the owners.Great wine bar!  They have an awesome cheese, beer and wine menu.  Service was fantastic and intimate ambiance.  Our waitress was super helpful in suggesting things to try.  The Russian River beer = killer.  We nibbled on creamy goat cheese while sipping glasses of crisp white wine.  Nice little Saturday.In Tria We Trust. I have yet to be disappointed with any dish or beverage here. Always fresh and full of flavor - highly recommend the bruschetta: Pistachio Herbed Ricotta with Lavender Honey (though may work best as a dessert rather than appetizer).
Staff is extremely knowledgeable, ask any and all questions - better yet, tell them what you're looking for and take them up on their suggestions!I cannot say enough about this place.  Thanks first to Yelp for helping me find this place.  I glanced through the reviews and saw the good, the bad, the ugly and decided that this would be a good place for us to try on our last night in town.
They make amazing use of their space and the restaurant is smartly decorated and furnished.  The music played over head was not too familiar indie songs, the type you would hear on Public Radio or a good College Radio station.  Very nice atmosphere.
The servers were uber-attentive.  I cannot say too much about how they were always there to take care of us, even with a full house.  My friend felt they were hovering, but whenever they came by, she needed something, so I would have to say their timing was just right. Be prepared to be taken care of here. 
The food was amazing.  The Smoked Duck Salad was absolutely fabulous.  My friend was incredibly taken with the Beet Salad.  We arrived at the beginning of happy hour and took part in the wine and cheese plate.  We also ventured off to other cheese plates that were available and found the 5 Spoke Creamery Tumbleweed to be delightful.  
For dessert, the Flourless Chocolate Cake was delightful with the a sweet cherry sauce.  A nice finish to our dinner...and Tria was a great finish to our visit to Philadelphia.Most of my paycheck goes to this place. Maybe it's because I live half a block away, maybe it's because the happy hour is great, maybe it's because I'm addicted to their chilled calamari...whatever it is, I'm hooked. It's the perfect spot for a solo date or a real date. Great location, the staff is attentive/personable and the food is always delicious.Came Friday with the lovely Eva H and dragged the boyfriend over the next evening.  Both times, I ordered one of the delectable cheese platters and was far from disappointed.   The warm figs with Gorgonzola and prosciutto were  divine.  All three whites I've tried there were excellent and complemented the cheeses perfectly.  Impeccable service, classy but unpretentious atmosphere, and very reasonable prices to boot.  My only regret is that I stayed at the Alexander Inn across the street several times prior to moving to Philly, and not once did I have the sense to visit Tria.Boy do I love this place! I started going here before it got popular but it is still amazing and worth the wait. Great beer and wine selection, the food is perfect (light fair like sandwiches and salads, cheese, and bruschetta - which you must try!). Great to hang out on Sunday as well - check out Sunday school!!Consistently fantastic service, great food and wine. I never have trouble getting a table and their happy hour deals are great. Highly recommend.Always a great experience, friendly folks, good for date night. Decent wine and beer prices.I've walked past Tria many times and I've noticed that it's always packed with people. Based on how the establishment looked, I assumed that it was far too fancy for me. Fortunately my friend took me there and I realized that I was quite mistaken. It's always packed because it's an amazing place with very reasonably priced food and drinks. They have a variety of small plates of cheese and elevated snacks that are easy to share with a few people.the waitress was very nice and explained many of the dishes to us. I was there late at night and it was perfect place to relax and wind down the night with some wine and cheese. Would definitely recommend to all!Noisy and crowded but otherwise (assuming you don't like that -- maybe you do!) extremely nice.  We started with an excellent mushroom soup.  The mushrooms, seasoning, and croutons were all perfect.  
I had the turkey sandwich, which I didn't plan to eat all of but I did.  Then we had a brownie Sunday for dessert -- excellent!!  I forget what my husband's main course was, but the waiter helped him with a beer selection, letting him taste two beers to pick one to drink.  He enjoyed his beer very much.We were visiting in town and decided to meet a friend here.  What a great choice! I neither love wine nor beer, but this place has such a friendly list of both.  I chose the Nascetta Langhe Blanco Rivetto. My God, no nasty after taste, now I know why people love wine...all those boxed wines in college really gave me a bad intro to wine.  My husband ordered the Yards Brawler, and we are so glad we are moving to Philly soon, because this beer was so smooth and drinkable.  They compare it to Bud Light I think in the menu, but that is almost offensive. I hate bud light, love Yards Brawler.  I must say that the best part of the menu are the descriptions of each selection.  They were really helpful especially since neither of us know much about wine or beer.
Now to the cheese selection.  I may not love beer and wine, but I do love cheese.  We selected three bruschetta: goat cheese & pesto, ricotta with honey and pistachio, and classic caprese.  What great combinations of flavors, I wish I could replicate them in my own kitchen.  We also ordered a the asparagus and white bean salad; it was huge and light, great for summer. My husband ordered the flourless chocolate cake with mascarpone...absolutely delicious! 
Our server was very slow to initially take our order.  It was very busy when we arrived. Service could be more attentive.  
The atmosphere was modern but cozy.  The music play list was a great mix of alternative rock, which I thoroughly appreciate.Friendly staff and service. Wine selection is large and selective. Low key and relaxed for a date, catch up or just some good friends. Would recommend to those looking for a good time, spending sharp.LOVE Tria,,,,just the other location better. I've been to both locations a handful of times. Perhaps our waitress was just having a really really bad day but she was extremely unhelpful when we requested help selecting a cheese plater.  She was very short with us and looked just plain miserable. What a shame! Looks like i'll be going back to the Tria at rittenhouse more often. Guess this waitress never learned customer service skills :(Fabulous wine and beer selection. Very knowledgeable servers. Great events. I always am happy with whatever new drink I try. Food's pretty good too.For a vinophile living in Philly, Tria is true love. 
Happy hour wine specials are just ok... BUT the cheese specials are great!Returned recently with my momma bear for lunch, and the experience was consistent with my first one. Amazing service and even better food. We opted for the marinated olives, tuna sandwich, and truffled mushroom sandwich, and everything was delicious and filling!Great staff, great wine selection (with fun descriptions on the menus), great atmosphere. I love to come here for happy hourIncredible wine and cheese selection! Shared three cheese dishes with a friend and we each got a glass of South African Graham Beck bubbly. We've decided we're going to make a tradition of going at least twice a month. Amazing.1st time at this location, but service is, as always, a 12 on a 1-10 score. If a Harvard MBA was to write a book on simplicity done well, this would seriously be the model.  Kudos.Tria never disappoints. The wine is awesome and there is a really nice selection. And the snacks!!! The Bruschetta is delicious. When ordering the bruschetta the servings are large. So if you want a small taste you only need 1. The cheese is really good too, try the roasted beets with the ricotta. Yum! I would always recommend Tria for great wine and great food.This Tria is hidden in a cute neighborhood. The staffs are friendly. We had a great time at the happy hour(they have a 5for5 promotion). The cheese platter is super small but delicious. After all, you can not really go wrong with a Tria.One of the few places where I have had really fine tasting dishes. The chicken liver mousse, duck salad and chocolate dessert were brilliant.This was the second time we visited this establishment and it was just as great the first time, so much so I had to write a review. We came before the Justin Timberlake concert at Wells Fargo.  Their beer selection was great, ranging from local craft beers to international brews.  The food menu is perfect for a place with such an extensive beer/wine list, really allowing for the drinks to be center stage and you won't feel crazy full.  We kept it light with some potato chips in a dynamite aoili sauce, then we had a nice bruschetta with caramelized onions and both were money in the bank.  While the food is great and the atmosphere is as well, the thing I love about this spot is how cool the staff is to everyone.  Several times, members of the staff gave us suggestions on drinks they liked and what to get, with an extensive knowledge of what they were talking about, rather than a method of up selling.  They are super friendly and considering the style of the spot, it really adds a nice dimension to the happy hour experience there.   Would recommend anytime you are in the Philadelphia Spruce Street area.i don't like to drink my money, i prefer to eat it. Last Thursday night I was on 17th street and in the mood for vegetarian. Tria was a great choice. 
I started with a salad of grilled asparagus, artichoke, white beans, tomato-onion relish and pine nuts and then had the stuffed fig appetizer for dessert. To drink? Water, no ice.Heerlijke wijn, kaas en andere snacks. 
Een late-night dinner gehad. Omdat het zo goed beviel, gingen we de volgende dag terug voor een drankje en hapje tijdens happy-hour (er stonden zoveel lekkere dingen op de kaart!!) 
Wederom te gek. Omdat dezelfde bediening het Waardeerde dat we terug kwamen, kregen we een appetizer van het huis!This is a good place to visit unless you are handicapped.  I visited this restaurant with a friend the last time we were in Philadelphia.  We had done some site seeing in the morning and my friend overdid herself and spent most of the afternoon and early afternoon asleep in bed trying to recover from the pain in her hips.  She finally felt well enough to go across the street to eat.  This was in spite of the pain she was suffering when walking.  Due to the pain, my friend was unable to walk well (I had advised her to get a wheelchair), but it was a short walk.  We went into this restaurant and found a table.  My friend carefully raised her leg onto the adjacent seat to ease her pain.  Someone came over, apparently a manager, and asked her to get her leg off the stool.  My friend explained that she needed to keep her leg up because of the pain and he left without a word.  Our waitress came over and we ordered a glass of wine each and were preparing to order food when the waitress said that she could not serve us because my friend had been drinking.  We had not been drinking, but my friend and I have seen others not served alcohol in restaurants and we knew it was useless to argue, so we left.  Even though my friend was in great pain, we finally made it to another restaurant and had dinner (including a glass of wine each).  I am posting this review today because my friend is having a hip replacement operation today.  This is her second hip replacement since we visited this restaurant.  The need to replace her hips was why she was not walking well when we entered this restaurant.  Hip replacements are bad, but to endure two hip replacements before turning 30, like my friend, is something you do not expect.  My advice is that unless you are in perfect health, do not visit this restaurant.Used to be one of our favorite places for a light dinner with a beer (or two) and a glass of wine. We went there often before concerts and theatre evenings. The last two times we have been there, the food was really mediocre. Given how fresh and lovely their food has always been, that was a real disappointment. My partner, a vegan who tends to hit up the asparagus salad, complained that it was mostly (very hard) bread. On our most recent visit, the duck salad just tasted off, not spoiled, but off. The time before the blue cheese and fig salad (alas--has now been taken off the menu!) had poor quality greens. They've eliminated our favorite bruschetta from the menu--which is the picture that is prominent on Yelp. My partner won't be willing to go back for a while. They need to look at their food gig to better serve those who don't just go for happy hour and a cheese plate.Fantastic list of wine by the glass, especially enjoyed the italian wine that we had: COPERTINO RISERVA, CANTINA SOCIALE COOPERATIVA, '05 (Puglia,Italy)
Solid food. Nothing extraordinary but would recommend the asparagus salad with pine nuts and bruschetta with mushroom and cheese.
the other ones were so-so:
Warm Poached Black Mission Figs with Gorgonzola and Prosciutto di Parma -- Like the proscuitto but didn't love the fig and gorgonzola combination. the sweetness of the fig and the pungent flavor of gorgonzola didn't mix that well.
Truffled Egg Toast with Fontina Fontal -- a bit too heavy on the toast, not as rich as a croque madame. prefer the cheese to be a bit more in quantity, comparing to the toast. could hardly taste the truffle.
Brioche Bread Pudding with Banana, Caramel and Honey Mascarpone- this one is the best. I'm not a dessert person and I even had a couple of bites. Not too heavy, not too sweet, perfect texture of a bit crunchiness on the surface and soft inside. well done.We came here after dinner for some post-dinner drinks, but ended up ordering some cheese and dessert as well. We asked the server for some recommendations that would pair well with our drinks - and she was spot on! 
I would say that the only con about this place is that it is on the smaller side, and the seating is slightly cramped, but the awesome servers, classy-but-not-too-persnickety decor, and choice of food/wine are definitely worth it!
PS. if you want to end with something sweet, try their banana panino! Doesn't sound like much, but I ended up eating my boyfriend's share of it too.Excellent selection of wines and cheeses. The "Sunday School" on Sundays nights is a great occasion to discover delicious wines / cheese / beers for a very reasonable price. The sandwiches are also delicious, especially the salmon one (prepared with a salmon tartar recipe).  Plus the location and service are top. No hesitations if you live in Philly...It's ridiculous and a little shameful how many first dates I've had at Tria locations.  It's a great spot to grab a glass of wine, but the minimum per glass is $8 - $9.  Decide to do one of their delicious salads or paninis - everything is around $12 each.  So, depending on how much wine you end up drinking, a byob might be your better choice, but the food is always excellent.
Tria - stands for the 3 fermented food/drinks of beer, wine, and cheese.Great selection if wine and tapas.  Love their cheese menu.  I've been here multiple times and it never fails amaze me.  Definitely worth the trip if you're into vet wine or cheese.This is just a reliable place to have drinks and snacks at almost any time of day. Always an interesting selection of wines and beers as well as nice little plates (my faves are the asparagus salad, lamb sausage and rosemary potato chips). Atmosphere is pleasant (dining outside is great in warmer weather), staff is knowledgeable and service is always on point. And happy hour and Sunday School never disappoint.all good.  in the literal sense, not the rocking street cred urban dictionary sense.
tried & loved:
ricotta w/ lavender honey on toasts
gorgonzola stuffed figs & prosciutto
cured pork tenderloin & pickled raisins
crab stuffed piquillo peppers
brie with cherries
white bean spread bruschetta - this was a bit less impressive/bland  than the rest but still serviceable
wine & beer selection vast enough to keep me occupied :)I've been to Tria three times now and feel very confident in recommending it. They have great service and really unique and quality food. The wine list is diverse but understandable and the servers are educated enough to explain any question. I'll definitely be back when in Philly again.excellent service. romantic atmosphere. suggestion to venture into the vegan artisan cheeses as well!Love coming here with friends with the weekend. The atmosphere, food and wine are all excellent and perfect. Great place to hang out.I have been begging my friend to come to Sunday School at Tria with me for months but we always would end up doing something else.  
Finally, we went.  And I loved!
We sat outside on a warm fall night and chatted while we people watched.
The waiter was extremely knowledgeable about the wine and cheese--as he should be!!
The wine and cheese complimented each other perfectly.  BUT what really made the cheese shine was the local honey that was served on the side.  Pure bliss.  I'll be back :-)I came here with a group of friends who have a variety of dietary restrictions. The staff were very accommodating in modifying dishes, and the service  was quick. The food tasted amazing as well!Stopped by during 4th of July festivities to grab a nice dinner. Our server Lynn made us feel right at home, getting to know us a little bit. We chose a few selections of the creative holiday specials menu and Lynn helped us choose the right wine pairings. My boyfriend has some dietary restrictions (no whole/crushed seeds or nuts, no corn) and Lynn helped us navigate the menu and even double checked with the kitchen, which was nice to see. The goat cheese and pesto appetizer (going against nut advice) was the highlight of our meal, and the Meyer lemon cheesecake was one of the best we'd ever had. Thanks to Lynn and Tria for a great holiday dinner!I love Tria. What else can I say? I've never had a bad time here. The service is always on point, the food is always delicious, and the wines are great! It's a bit pricey, though, especially if you plan on drinking more than 1 glass of wine, so I suggest maybe coming here on Sunday for their "Sunday School" special. My favorites here are the figs and prosciutto, the house-made rosemary chips, and the salmon salad. They also have really cute outdoor seating...Tria is a great place to spend a lazy (read: day drinking) Sunday and do some people watching with a loved one.We stopped by Tria for after-dinner drinks following after a particularly filling dinner at Morimoto. I ordered a Greek red (Xinomavro) and it was excellent. The service was lax, but attentive at the same time. I particularly enjoyed the vibe of this place; it's where I would love to have a first date. It's comfortable, intimate, and has a great selection of nibblers, wine, and beer.
Take your girl (or guy) out here for a Friday night glass (or five!) of wine and see where the night takes you.This is hands down the best wine bar I have ever been to. Even though I've relocated to NYC I still make it a point to come to Philly every once in a while just for Tria. The service is incredible - I recommend sitting at the bar so you can interact with the extremely knowledgeable bartenders, Maggie especially. The guy with the beard pours an excellent weissbier as well. They are more than happy to recommend wine and cheeses based in your preferences and genuinely care about their craft. The figs are definitely a must.Tria is good, but not if you're starving.  If you want wine and beer and snacks, this is your place.  Small plates, good for noshing and sharing.  Not too snobby for a wine and cheese place.  It can get crowded, though, so it's best to not going during peak times.
Although I haven't attended any, their classes are a great offering.Delicious food. Attentive service. Great price and nice terrace. A+ Panna Cotta. A must in the neighborhood.I visited Tria for the first time about a week ago on a week night.  I had a wonderful experience! Tria had a nice ambiance and feel. Great wine selection & great cheese selection! They also have a fabulous selection of bruschetta - i recommend the ricotta, pistachio & honey.
The waitstaff was very accommodating and gave wonderful recommendations. 
I cant wait to go back!For price, (outdoor) atmosphere, and service this is an easy 4 stars. Great place to pick a casual meal.
In Philadelphia for the weekend with a few hours to spare. Couldn't have chosen a better place to grab a light dinner. The staff impressed me with both their knowledge and attentive service. Apparently the menu cycles fairly often, so I can only speak to what I had: a perfectly dressed spinach, strawberry and pistachio salad topped with thinly sliced roasted duck with an appetizer of apple goat cheese bruschetta topped with pesto. The Sunday School wine special (a Semillon blend) was an excellent choice at a stellar price.Have been there for dinner on a friday and were seated immediately and appropiated. Waitress was very attentive and patient and the food (especially the appetizer) was delicious. Unfortunately the wine prices were much too high for a wine bar and the served volume, so I switched to beer after one glass of wine.I was recently in Philadelphia for a month for work and was recommended this wine bar by a good friend.  I was so thankful for that recommendation!  I spent many evenings at Tria and enjoyed almost all of their red wines.  The ambiance is great and the customer service is top notch.  
The majority of the time I sat at the bar and had a glass of wine while enjoying one of their delicious bruschettas or a sandwich.  My two favorite bruschettas were the goat cheese and pesto or the pistacho herbed ricotta with lavender honey.  Both are absolutely amazing!
Hannah was one of the bartenders that always took good care of me.  She would make various recommendations based upon my preferences and she was always spot on with her selections.
It can get a bit noisy at times, but that's par for the course when you have such a small restaurant.
Sadly I'm back home and can't spend anymore evenings at this wine bar.  I can say for certain that if I'm in Philadelphia anytime soon that this will be the first place I go to for dinner and wine.
I rarely give 5 star reviews, but this place deserves it.  Every time I went there (and there were many), I never once received bad service, bad food, or bad wine.
If you have any question about whether or not to go, you should go.  You won't be disappointed!Wow! what a place! 
great service and most important of all is their amazingly long wine list. Servers are really sweet and will help you out in finding the right wine for you!
Its a little too crowded for the space it actually has but i guess everyone wants a pie at the tria wine house!Arrived in philidephia and came to Tria for my first meal. Great start to a weekend of good food and travel. The beer list is extensive and the tapa style menu offers diverse choices. 
We ordered the brie & cherry brucesschta, some snacks, the fresh mozzerella sandwich and the chicken sandwich. The appizerters were excellent but the bun in my sandwich was chewy and I would have enjoyed a crispier version. Furthermore the sandwich wasnt out of this world. Staff was friendly and offered recomendations.
Overall a great experience for a beers, wines & tapas.This is a great place to grab appetizers and a drink before catching a show at the Kimmel Center. They advertise as a wine bar, yet they also have a good list of draft and bottled beer. As far as appetizers, that one with the egg, get it. Cut the toast so that the yolk bursts in it's center and enjoy. The waitstaff is fast, and understands when you need your check "like right now", because you got carried away and the performance starts in 10 minutes. The atmosphere is modern and attractive. It would be a great place to take a date.Been here several times but just realized that they do not offer happy hour on Fridays!  Started with my favorite sliced Italian meats platter and paired it with a nice glass of Sauvignon blanc that I really wished was half off. The Brie we got under the luscious cheese section was also delish. Service is always friendly and prompt. Will be coming back soon but probably Sunday through Thursday when they do offer happy hour!This place is awesome. 
First off, the service was super attentive and well versed. I don't remember her name. But she was short, had a ton of tattoos, a nose ring, and sweet shades.
I started off with the Sunday School Special wine, which happened to be a Malbec. An excellently smooth selection. I promptly ordered three plates: Figs & Prosciutto, Truffled Egg Toast, and Lamb Terrine.
I will describe them in reverse order of my preference.
Lamb Terrine
Served with a dry, nasaly mustard and some sweet cabbage relish, the terrine itself lacked very much flavor. I was hoping it would really highlight that funky lamb taste I've come to enjoy. It did no such thing. It was disappointingly bland. Not a bad dish, just really nothing special. 
Truffled Egg Toast
I love truffles. It seemed like this piece of buttered Texas Toast with a truffle cheese. Was it real truffles. VERY unlikely. It tasted like it had some truffle aroma in there. But it wasn't the nasty stuff. This dish was really enjoyable. Really because truffle flavor is just so darned good. This was a nicely balanced dish. I really enjoyed it. 
Figs and Prosciutto
This was the standout. Truly an incredible blend of flavors: figs, honey, and prosciutto. The figs were perfectly cooked, the prosciutto perfectly meaty and salty. This flavor blast isn't really describable. You just have to experience it.Liked the vibe and decor of this place. Friendly bartenders, amazing beer & wine selection and a wide variety of new american tapas..if I lived here, I would go to Tria at least once a week.  Loved that it was right across the street from my hotel- made it so easy to go and grab a glass of wine and a small plate while waiting for my friends to get ready back at the hotel.  Reminds me of a couple great wine bars in San Francisco that I love.Tria was a good choice for my Friday night dinner with a friend. They have nice, small sharing plates at a pretty reasonable price. BUT, our waitress decided to memorize our order, and then brought us a dish that we didn't order. We told her that she made a mistake, and she actually still charged us for the dish that we never asked for!
Besides this blunder, the food was fine. The inside was a bit dark and small. I know a lot of people love this place, so my experience might have just been an outlier, but I think it is worth mentioning.Tria had a beer tapping for Pliny the Younger. It was severely unorganized with two lines around the corner and they were allowing "friends" of people who were already inside going in. The managers, or people who pretended to be managers went outside to apologize. When 6 people left after they had their beer they didn't allow 6 people to enter. The hostess, though nice, had no idea what to do with the eager customers outside. Two snobs decided oh since we're already inside, let's get our friend inside, who didn't even wait in line after they were already done with their beer and decided to sit at the bar after standing and just take up space. After waiting in line after 50 minutes, the keg was out. It was completely unorganized and a fiasco. I think the food is overpriced and I would have never gone to this place unless it was for this stupid tapping. They should know approximately how many people they can serve and allot for that amount. Instead I as well as a bunch of other beer connoisseurs waited outside in the rain for almost an hour for nothing watching people push through the line without standing in it because they had a "friend" inside. 
Completely unorganized. The only good thing was that the Garces Trading Company was a block away and they have much better food. 
Would never come back. I've had their food before. It's small and way overpriced for some toast and tomatoes. There are much better places in the city with better service to go to.What a wonderful experience!!! I cannot wait to go back and bring some friends!
My boyfriend took me here as a surprise date, but I had seen great reviews about it. The venue itself is very small, and doesn't take reservations so we had to wait 20 minutes until we got seated. The doorman was pleasant enough though, giving us the option of sitting outside under the heated lamps (we turned this down, since we were both very cold).
We ordered the prosciutto plate as an appetizer, which had delicious bread and pickles/condiments on the side. The waitress was extremely accomodating and gave us gluten-free crackers instead of the bread, to accomodate my boyfriend. We are both wine and cheese noobs, so our waitress was extremely patient in explaining the different types of wine and asking us what we would prefer;  her recommendations were spot-on. 
We choose two cheeses, both of which came with a special fig sauce that complemented their tastes PERFECTLY. We had a great time talking about what exactly made certain foods go well together, as it seems like Tria has gotten it down to a science!!
Great ambience, perfect for a date or a girls' night out if you're feeling like being classy. Prices were affordable for the quality of food and experience!Wine selection is great for amatuer or wino expert. Our server could have been a sommelier, she was deliciously descriptive.  We came in after a long walk looking for something refreshing, I asked if they had a Moscato. They did not, however, the server was quick to describe similar flavors and help me pick the most appetizing wine. Apologetically, the title escapes me. Not being a white wine drinker, this was very helpful.
Enjoyed a $3 snack, which is indeed that, tiny snack, but delicious.  Also the Tuna sandwich with Kalamata Olives. A great addition to what could have been a seemingly dry sandwich. The salty olives leave you salivating for the next bite. on ciabatta bread, which was very soft - the way I like it on account of my TMJ. 
Atmosphere is urban chic for in or outside dining. Casual dinner or cocktails and apps before dinner best.One of my favorite spots in the city, Tria has a special place in my heart.This place... HIDDEN GEM! 
I came her last Sunday night. It was late and Tria Cafe Wash West seemed like a good choice since the reviews are through the roof. We had to know how is this possible? Is it really worth the hype on yelp?
Yes.. It is worth the hype.
First, Tria is on a perfect quite city corner. It is rather dreamy. They have a few outside tables (with heaters) too! 
It took us a few minutes to get seated, but once we were the service was on point. We didn't have one server, we had two who consistently checked on us. As soon as one of our glasses was coming to an end, one of them would appear and ask if we would like another or if there is anything else they could get for us. Like I said, the service was on absolute point!
To drink, I had the "Sunday School" special which was a champagne that was crisp and kept me wanting more. Not just wanting but successfully getting more... 3 glasses later... I also tried the ginger saison. I think I have a new favorite beer! It was fruity but not too much so. I kid you not, I took a picture of the name of it so I can hunt it down and have it again! However, if these aren't your bag, they have endless wine selections and knowledgeable staff to help you find the perfect beverage.
On to the food. Ohhhh the food. Swoon! 
We started with the Warm Poached Black Mission Figs with Gorgonzola and Prosciutto di Parma. They practically melt in your mouth. Another great tip that the server told us was we should add another fig for 40 cents so that we would have an even amount for splitting. Um, ok server from heaven! Its comments like this that made the service so great! 
Do yourself a favor and get the Pistachio Herbed Ricotta with Lavender Honey. I think of all the things we had, this was the highlight. The ricotta was light and left us wanting more. I think I could have had 5 or 6 plates of this. Maybe next time I will? 
As for the main course, I ordered the Claudio Mozzarella Sandwich with Crispy Prosciutto, Piquillo Peppers, Pesto and Garlic Vinaigrette, which was good. I think the two appetizers stole the show though. I was also able to try the American Albacore Tuna Sandwich with Black Olive Tapenade, Piquillo Peppers and Arugula. The tuna was delightful with hints of capers and what tasted a bit like anchovies? 
Finally we finished the meal with the Flourless Chocolate Torta with Blackberries, Espresso Custard, Coffee Crumb and Saba. The best part was the custard! It is a small portion so I wouldn't suggest splitting it with more than one person. However, it is the perfect petite dessert for two to share.
If you've made it this far through the review (thanks for reading!) you'll realize that Tria Cafe Wash West is a fantastic establishment and I would highly recommend it to any friends!I loved this place. They were kind and understood that I was not a big wine drinker. However, the young man help me select one that was wonderful and smooth. He told me about the wine tasting/events that they will be offering later in the year. They also have a wonderful whipped butternut squash soup that I suggest.Bottom Line: I can't help it. I love this place and so should you! :)
Both locations are wonderfully reliable.  If there is something to celebrate, I'm doing it at Tria.  Some bubbly, a slew of meat and cheese plates, pates, great salads, tons of wine to experiment and servers with worthwhile recommendations.  Service is prompt, but they really let you take your time and enjoy.  It's romantic in the evening; casual and fun on summer afternoons.   What's not to love!!?I often go to Tria on a whim and wonder why I don't go more often. It is always pleasant and service is professional and warm. Nice wine selection and beers too! After reading a few of the reviews I realized that Tria is often too crowded for us to wine and dine. Some of the reviewers don't like to waste money on drinks so to them I ask why would they go to a wine bar? Just to take up valuable space for us wine and food lovers? Go somewhere else and free up some space for us!Want wine and cheese? Tria is the place to go. They have awesome small plates and cheeses to compliment your wine.I should have stopped by this place earlier. Great service, amazing wine and beer selection topped off with delicious food to go with your drinks. There are many things that I love about this place, but here are a few highlights: 
- The truffled egg toast with fontina cheese... this was featured as one of the best sandwiches on Grub Street. This might be my favorite thing on the menu... there is something just so delicious about a combination of buttery toast, egg, and cheese. It's not just for breakfast!
- Great selection of wines... the Pecorino stands out if you ask me. 
- Flourless espresso chocolate cake with mascarpone and hazelnut. I shouldn't even need to explain this one - just look at the name! This flourless cake has a wonderful richness that isn't overwhelming, and the mascarpone adds a nice light accompaniment to the chocolate. 
- If you're in the mood for a meaty dish, the Italian meat plate was pretty solid. It also comes with some sides like garlic paste and peppers which are nice garnishes too. 
Apparently there can be a little bit of a wait sometimes... it's not a huge place (but according to other reviews this location is bigger) so when I arrived with my party of 3 at 6pm on a Saturday we were given about a 15-25 min wait. But, we were a little impatient and wanted to get started since we were going to a Kimmel Center concert at 8, so we asked to get seated at the bar. The great thing about the bar is that service is good and swift - there is always someone around to take your order and they are all pretty nice :). Tria is a great place to grab a drink and a bite to eat before a Kimmel Center performance - it's only a few blocks away on Spruce!If you are in need of respite after work (and the word respite is in your vocabulary), then Tria is the spot for you since this is happy hour for the ladies and gents of the city. If you are looking for a happy hour that features wings by the cents, then this is not the place for you.I literally live across the street from Tria but haven't gone at all. I have been here a couple times but not enough to really remember how awesome it is. Yesterday was a very nice reminder. I went there around 1030 to get a light snack before going to bed and was extremely satisfied. The portions are small, but very tasty and original. I had a couple of the bruschetta platters and the procuitto and figs. Amazing, everything hit the spot and I left smiling before I went to sleep. My favorite bruschetta plate had to be the pistachio cream with honey on top, what a perfect combination of sweet and savory. 
I will be coming back to Tria, maybe not when I'm famished and the taste of food is irrelevant, but when I'm looking for a good drink and a bite to eat.I really enjoyed this packed little wine bar Friday night. The wine and beer lists were stellar, and the menu looked amazing.... too bad I was so full from dinner. Prices were a little higher than I'm used to, being from out of town, but it seemed about average for Philly. The service was efficient and friendly, even though it was totally packed when I was there, and the place all in all had a very nice vibe.Definitely a place for wine and cheese lovers!
We went to Tria after seeing a show at the Kimmel Center and could not have been more satisfied upon leaving.  Tria can seem somewhat intimidating for first timers but I was impressed with how at ease our server made us feel right away. She didn't judge us for not knowing exactly what each cheese was like and made some fantastic recommendations. I've been to similar places that look down on guests who are not wine snobs and this was not the case at Tria. We raved about our experience for days and will definitely be back for another special night at Tria.
It was pricey (hence the 4 stars) but definitely a great spot for a more up-scale post-work get together or a Saturday afternoon with close friends. I would also recommend taking out of town guests to Tria to show them a more refined side of Philly :-)My cousin and I have decided to make this our weekend chill spot. Service, food and wines is amazing!!!!My wife and I have been here many times now, and each time the experience (food, wine, beer, and service) is fantastic.  The food is always delicious and well-prepared.  The servers work together and each is super-nice, knows the menu well, and very professional/attentive.  The atmosphere is great, too.  I honestly don't think they could do any better.I loooooooove Tria!
The lavender honey with cheese bruschetta is so amazing.  Wine list is fab.
Tiny place and no reservations can equal a long wait but you won't be sorry!Loved this place... been dying to go for quite awhile. It was late night (about 11:30PM) and we stayed until about 1:30AM. I kept it simple with the drinks and had a couple of drafts (Bells was on tap) but the food was incredible. My girlfriend and I stuck with the cheeses and small plates and all 3 or 4 of them were amazing. Great atmosphere inside with seating also available outside. Will definitely be back soon!A friend and I planned to hit up the infamous Sunday $10 Destroy Your Liver event in Old City, but I had notice that my sister wanted us to meet them at Tria for some snacks.  We figured we'd stop in to eat a bit before pounding our livers into submission and sweat-dancing into oblivion.  Talk about starting out classy before losing it all later.  This place is pretty nice in the sense that I sorta felt out of place in an old t-shirt and cut-off shorts, however, they didn't mind.  There's a list of food items and drinks on a clipboard and it's such a very detailed and helpful menu.  Everything on the menu is described well and each drink conveniently also has the ABV, price, and fluid amount listed.  Most things you will order are perfectly snack-sized for two and it's priced moderately which just makes drinking your beverage that much more enjoyable.  Also, it was a warm night and I got to sit outside for a while.  Swish.Umm, I would say, they are a little high amd toyty . They are natzis as far as smoking even 25 ft out side of their entrance. Def would choose another place for expensive food. The food wasn't bad, but can get it anywhere else with out them being  the governor of the side walk. Thanks !Any place that can make great food with just a toaster has my vote. Throw in some wine and beer and you've got yourself a good business model. If you need hard alcohol to have a good time don't go to Tria. Go get help instead.I frequently visit the Tria on 18th St and love it but I was looking to try one of their other locations. I'm a big fan of their Claudio Panini but this time I ordered their Prosciutto Cotto Panini and it was just okay. It was a little bit spicy and I definitely felt like I was missing out on something. Other than that the atmosphere at Tria is wonderful and I will always go back!i looooooove this place.  Great food and drink, not bad prices, and most importantly: the kindest, most attentive, but not annoying staff ever.  I can't wait to go back.I would not argue with 490 4-star ratings for Tria - it's good. I take exception to the $$ rating for cost tho - Tria is $$$! 
A light and tasty late dinner for 2 - wine, sparkling water, the cheese special ($4), and 2 salads, came to $71 before tip. In my book that is STEEEEP. 
We went because it was late and we are staying nearby.  And no complaints; the special wine (a French rosé) and cheese (Castelrosso, an aged Italian chèvre) were yummy.  The salads of smoked salmon and cold beef were good. All portions were quite modest, but we were mostly satisfied (except for a 3 oz glass of wine for $13; that is just chintzy.)  The service was pleasant and prompt.  And the atmosphere and the crowd is sophisticated and hip.  
Just know that you will pay for your pleasure. And YELP SHOULD ADD A $ SIGN: $$$More appropriately priced version of The Farmer's Cabinet.  Excellent beer selection.  Absolutely delicious food (hard to go wrong with a truffled egg though).  2-4 people round table seating, and a bar in the front.
Girlfriend and I went with an out-of-town friend who wanted a nice place for a meal with good beer.  We split two appetizers, three sandwiches, and 8 craft beers with excellent service all for the equivalent price of just 3 meals at the farmer's cabinet.  
No reservations, but you can call and see how long the wait is, and if you're waiting they'll post you up at the bar with knowledgable bartenders.
"Best in Class":  Priced not-too-expensive upper scale dining experience.I love Tria.  Love love LOVE.  That should be my whole review, and you should go there immediately, but I will give a little more information I suppose.  
This place is on my block, and if I go 3-4 days without stopping by Tria, I get a little bit sad. 
First - their happy hour.  5-7 Mon-Thur, 2 wines, 2 cheeses, 2 beers, changing daily.  This is a great way to try new things.  
Second - their staff.  Extremely educated on the menu, they can describe each item and make recommendations.  They're not pretentious, even for my sad friends that only want "sweet wine" or "light beer" they are patient and make suggestions and let them try different things that they might like.  
Third - their Pistachio Herbed Ricotta with Lavendar Honey Bruschetta.  Order it immediately.  Do not pass go.  So.  Good.  
I could say a lot more about this place.  I love it.  Yes, it is a little pricey, but for the ambiance, diverse & changing menu and knowledgable staff - totally worth it.I'm sure they might be good under normal circumstances, but we went during Outfest and it was very busy. The service was terrible. The bartender was rude. I will not be back.Nice relaxed wine bar. Some of their sandwiches are superb, others are mediocre. Their cheese selection is outstanding. I never feel rushed here, too.Awesome Daddy/Daughter lunch at Tria!
We split my favorites: the lamb sausage & the truffled mushroom and fontina bruschetta
I went with my #1 dish the grilled asparagus and artichoke salad while my dad went for a tuna panini.
Well priced and delicious, as always.The first time I ever went to Tria I didn't know what exactly to expect especially since I wasn't really into wine at the time. Our waitress helped us pick out a few different wines that she thought would I would like as a wine drinking beginner. 2 years later, every time I go I try different wines and have never once been disappointed by the waitresses choice for us. I can also eat several orders of the pistachio herbed ricotta with lavender honey bruschetta, we always get at least 3 orders its so delicious! I also enjoy the sliced meats appetizer as well, also a must every time we go.!
It is a little tight on space but after you've had a few glasses of wine and delicious cheese it doesn't even matter!I figured it made sense to grab a quick bite/drink here, as I was staying right across the street at The Alexander. It was a good idea, as the experience was great.
We were seated immediately in the upstairs area, had menus right away, and a drink order placed within two minutes despite the buzzing crowd. Very nice! Sunday is a good time to stop by, as their "Sunday School" specials are excellent (both in price and selection). 
We ordered several small plates to start...roasted beets with feta, wild mushroom and raclette fondue, and butternut squash with bacon and goat cheese. All were very tasty, especially the fondue. I knew this place was special when the supply of toast for the fondue was dwindling, yet more fondue remained...I thought of asking for more toast, but was almost expecting some sort of "umm, sorry, we can't blah blah". The idea of eating fondue with a spoon crossed my mind when out of nowhere our server appeared with a plate of more toast. Without us asking. Bonus!
We then had a cheese plate (an Italian truffle cheese). It was soooo smooth and delish, and came with a little extra bit of squash...it allowed for a completely different, yet intriguing taste combination. 
Did I mention they have Dogfishhead 120 Minute IPA on tap? Well, they DO. I love that beer more than any other, and even though they limit you to one 5oz glass per person, I was thrilled to find it on the menu. I'd be more thrilled if I could've ordered another, but oh well.
The only thing keeping Tria from 5 stars is the music selection/noise level...too mainstream, too loud. Put on some Michel Camilo and treat some of the hard surfaces and you will match the vibe perfectly. Still, highly recommended.It's a very pleasant place to sit.  The wall opens onto a nice corner.  We had no difficulty getting a table for a late lunch on Saturday.
The crab-stuffed pepper appetizer was tasty.
We ordered two salads. They sounded fantastic, and had great components, but all we could taste was dressing.  The portion size was good.  
The bar that dominates the front of the restaurant has a beautiful commercial italian espresso machine, but the barista had no clue about how to make a cappuccino.  This is not rocket science.  It is possible to learn this skill by watching youtube videos and experimenting in your kitchen.This place is outstanding!
My friend recently took me for my birthday, and I immediately fell in love with it! Because we went on a weekday evening, there was no wait, but I am pretty sure that the wait time can be long if on a weekend due to the small size of  the restaurant.
We started off with the Truffled Egg Toast, which was delicious. Not too heavy with the combination of bread and cheese, and also has a unique flavor to it if you are not familiar with truffle. The pepperiness of the arugula cuts well with the bread and cheese. The Ricotta w/ Honey Bruschetta was just as good. Sweetness of the honey and creaminess of the ricotta on a crispy baguette was on point. The Duck salad (I forget the official name) was light, perfectly dressed, and meat was tender. We licked that plate clean. We also got one of the cheese plates, but I cannot remember the name of it. We ended the night with the Chocolate Espresso Torte, which was probably my least favorite dish of everything we had since I'm not a huge fan of rich, dense chocolate desserts in general, but with the honey mascarpone and hazelnuts, it was good. I'm glad my friend and I shared that thing - would not have been able to finish it myself.
Needlesstosay, all of the dishes did not disappoint. I definitely will go again to try their other cheese plates (I LOVE cheese plates) and pretty much everything else on their menu.I had a "Chilean" wine here with a tasty salad of white beans, artichokes, grilled asparagus, tomato-onion relish with pine nuts $10
 Brie de Nangis with Allagash Cherries   $4 This was so good.I had such great flavors with what was had. For me it's all about good food, wine & company.
 A great way to end an evening.Much better than the one by Rittenhouse! More space, excellent service. Great for drinks with friends or even first dates. Amazing wine selection, small salad plates and cheese options. The panini's are to die for! Ideal for light meals and good conversation.What we had:
Fennel Roasted Almonds
Sauteed Broccoli Rabe with Tomato Pesto and Parmigiano-Reggiano
Cured Spanish Pork Tenderloin with Pickled Golden Raisins and Baby Cilantro
QUESO GALLEGO (Galicia, Spain  Cow-P)  
(HE) Salad of Grilled Asparagus, Artichoke, White Beans, Tomato-Onion Relish and Pine Nuts  
(HE) Port Brewing Blend
(HE) 4 Hands Prunus Saison
(SHE) Oak-Roasted Salmon Salad with Baby Spinach, Fregola Sarda, Feta, Fennel and  Lemon-Dill Vinaigrette 
(SHE) BORDEAUX BLANC, CHÂTEAU JARR, '10 
(SHE) MUSCAT CANELLI, EBERLE, '10 (Paso Robles, CA)   
What he said:
I chose Tria when looking for an affordable yet classy restaurant to take my girl out for a date; it fit the bill perfectly.  While it may not match everyone's expectations for dinner as there are few meaty options, I didn't feel like it was lacking anything.  With the wide variety of "snacks" (i.e. appetizers) and cheeses, there was plenty to enjoy before having our salads, which were more generous than expected.
While I'm no expert on cheese or wine, there looked to be a huge variety of choices that would satisfy anyone interested in sampling new flavors.  The beer selection too was fantastic; I had never even heard of 4 Hands Brewing before today, but found their cherry brewed Saison to be excellent.  The Port Brewing Blend didn't pair so well with my salad, but that was more my fault that anything.  It was close to being a little to spice-heavy for my tastes, but I found it to be enjoyable.
Every appetizer we ordered was delicious.  The fennel roasted almonds were very flavorful (and affordable at 2.5$ for those watching their budgets).  The cured pork offered an interesting contrast of the spicy flavor of the pork and the sweet flavor of the pickled raisins.  Still, my favorite item ordered was my grilled asparagus salad.  I'm sure you've seen it a thousand times amongst these yelp reviews, but it's very good.  And the presentation of it too was awesome.  It was like a mountain of all the most delicious vegetables imaginable, and I have no idea how it even stayed up.
Tria was a fantastic experience.  In addition to the food, the servers were fantastic and very knowledgeable about the wines, cheeses, and various entrees. Maybe I've been stuck in State College too long, but this place met and exceeded my expectations.  5/5.
What she said:
There are a number of things to like about Tria. The portion sizes and price for everything on the menu is very reasonable, and allows you to sample several items without spending too much. The two of us aren't cheese connoisseurs, so we started  with a very approachable Queso Gallego. I enjoyed it, and the presentation for this dish, like all the rest, was very impressive! All of our "snacks" were delicious, but the sauteed broccoli rabe bruschetta was definitely my favorite, the almonds were very flavorful, and the pork tenderloin sweet and tasty, I lreally oved the addition of the baby cilantro. It also paired very well with my Muscat Wine. Even the "entrees" are not really priced like such. Both of our salads were around $10, and larger than I expected given the price. Again, presentation was killer. As expected given the rest of the yelp reviews, the Asparagus salad was great, but I also really enjoyed my Salmon Salad, and thought I got a very good portion of Salmon (no skimping!).As others have said, the servers are great. Never hovering, but always on top of drink refills,  removing dishes, etc. 
Overall, I really enjoyed dinner here, and would definitely come back and recommend it. For all the above plus 2 glasses of wine and 2 glasses of beer, our bill came out around $65 (check groupon, we got a $8 for $15 coupon for our trip), very reasonable for the amount of food and alcohol we ordered! 4/5.I am giving Tria a 5 star review mostly for the stellar service my husband and I received on our recent visit here.  We popped into Tria after putting our name in for a table at Mercato down the street and told there'd be an hour wait.  I was secretly hoping this was the case because I wanted to come to Tria for drinks.  
When we walked in, my husband was carrying a 6 pack of beer that we had planned to bring to the restaurant.  He asked if it was OK that we brought it in, not wanting to be rude.  Not only did they give us the OK, but they graciously offered to put our beer in their refrigerator until we left.  We were so shocked at just how nice and accomodating the staff was, which in retrospect seems silly.
We stood at the bar, but were quickly alerted by the bartender to a couple of free stools at the opposite end after we ordered our beers.  I ordered the Allagash White, which is not the most brave choice, but it was my first time having it and it was delicious.  I cannot for the life of me remember what beer my husband ordered, but I know he really enjoyed it.  Mary, our bartender, was very helpful in offering her tips and suggestions.  For our second round, my husband decided to try the mead they offered because he'd never had it. He didn't care for it all that much, but I think that's more due to his own over-hyped expectations:)  I had a glass of Prosecco which was exactly what I expected, delicious.  For my husband's last drink, he had a pint of the Southern Tier Pumking, which was on special for $3/pint.  We had previously had it by the bottle and didn't much care for it.  It was FAR superior on draft.  I admit that I had more than my share of his beer.
Overall the beer choices were fun and the staff was SO nice and accomodating.  We don't get down into the city much, but we will definitely make sure to return to Tria.I love wine, and I love cheese.  Therefore, I love Tria.  
The bf and I go here pretty regularly and each time we find new things we like.  The only downside for me, and the reason they don't get that 5th star, it's the crazy mark ups on the prices.  After finding a new red wine I really loved, I came home and looked it up on the PLCB website to see if I could buy a bottle nearby.  To my surprise, a bottle was priced at $13, and I had just paid $11 for a 5oz pour.  Boo.  
But, I'll support the local economy and keep on going.. it's a great way to try new things, and overall it's a nice chill spot to have in the neighborhood.
...omg I can't believe I forgot to mention the mead.  Yes, days of yore, mead!!!!  It's sooo good and I've never seen that on a menu anywhere else.Fabulous! Creative tastes. Small plates. Excellent, attentive service. Reasonably priced. Intimate setting, but energetic. Mushroom sandwich blew us away! Try the broccoli rabe Bruschetta too.Definitely WAY overrated. Also a tad over-priced. "Hipster" friendly scene though.
The wine list looked better than it was. Reminded me of the days when I first got into wine and didn't really know much other than, "there's red and there's white." And that's pretty much the wine options Tria gave; red or white (nothing special about them).
The food was EXTREMELY disappointing as well. I don't know if the chef was having an off day or what. But the food was just sloppy and not thought out. Flavors clashing evrywhere... it was upsetting.
- Roasted Beets with Bulgarian Feta Cheese: Just some beets and feta cheese thrown on a plate.
- Tuscan Three Cheese Potato Chips with Smoked Paprika Aioli: Actually doesn't come with the aioli, according to the waitress. The chips were tasty, but you only are served two chips per person.
- Gorgonzola with Fig Jam Bruschetta: Too much fig jam, not enough gorgonzola. I love fig jam too... but they slathered way too much on.
- Smoked Mozzarella, Crispy Prosciutto & Tomato Brushetta: Best dish we got. The vinaigrette on top was very good.
- Tomato Brushchetta: It looked like this dish was literally made by a young kid. The tomato was all cut WAY too big for bruschetta, making it very messy and sloppy to eat. Only good part was the vinaigrette on top.
On the plus side, we had a very prompt and friendly waitress. But I'd just skip Tria and go somewhere worth it.Uniquely pleasant experience. 
The wine is clearly the selling point of Tria but that doesn't mean they  have bad food! I had a sandwich which was a tasty snack but small. It went fast (nascar fast) and I was wanting more. Ended up having to go to 500 degrees after and get fries. 
The wine is what made my rating. I ordered a class of the tempranillo-merlot blend, which is no longer on their menu. The wine was a perfect balance of primary and secondary flavors. To be more specific strawberry's with soft leather. Aged perfectly and served at the perfect time. The wine was well worth the price. 
If your looking for great wine with a tasty snack, go to Tria.Tria is one of my favorite spots for a low key drink. My favorite thing to do there is get wine and cheese. The waiters are very knowledgeable and will always help you pick out a wine you'll love. I've had quite a few winners here, that I look for when buying bottles now. A great atmosphere and service.I was one of thee first customers to have dinner tonight, the atmospher was beautiful and spacious, the servers were accomodating and the food was delicious.. I will be back...I love this place, they have good selection of wine, beer and cheese. When you just want to wind down from a long day at work, head to Tria and have a glass (or two) of wine, some cheese and bruschetta.
Their menu consists mostly of salads and sandwiches, but their bruschettas are a must try.
My favorites are:
Goat Cheese, Garlic and Basil Pesto
Brie de Nangis with Allagash Cherries
Claudio Fresh Mozzarella, Tomato and Basil OilTria is so good.  Too good.  I haven't had a bad glass of wine yet.  I'm a huge fan of their happy hour (even though they don't have it on Friday) $5 wine, cheese, beer deal.  I also love Sunday school.  I don't know anything about wine except that I like it, especially good ones, so it's nice to have some guidance.
Also, Tria cheese and the mustard/jam/honey whatever they pair with it is always perfect.  I could go to Tria and drink wine and eat cheese everyday for the rest of my life.  Minus one star because I can't do this because it's gets pricey fast.  For example 'Become a Tria member- you get a reward for every $500 you spend here!'  This is ridiculous and real.  
Order the truffled mushroom with fontina bruschetta.Went here on a Friday night around 6:00. Walked in and it was busy but got a table for two right away. Tables are close together but      its fine and I don't mind an intimate atmosphere. Server was attentive and nice considering my dinner companion was running late. I had a glass of Malbec first and it was smooth and delicious. I ordered the red beets and feta while I exited and the beets alone were good but combined with the feta is what made it a winner. The tastes complemented each other. All in all I had three more glasses of wine and two of their bruschettas  which were very flavorful. The bean and asparagus salad was great. We had a great dinner and will be back!I don't know a thing about beer, not that much about cheese (cept that I love it), and pretend to know things about wine (but really know nothing).  Tria put me at ease with all 3, and made my tastebuds rejoice.  Luckily, the first time I went, I had a friend who was a hostess guide me though the ins and outs of the clipboard menu offerings.  
Must. have. the. Truffled Egg Toast.  
Love this place for lunch, happy hour, dinner, and Sunday School which is when they pick one beer, cheese and wine and make 'em half off!  Oh, and what's this?  There's Biba, Tria's baby (sister/brother? or just baby) wine bar at 31st and Walnut.  Look out for a review!So sneaky!
You can only order wine by the glass!
Ok, maybe sneaky is the wrong word.
It's not like they're hiding the fact.
Business savvy?
In any case, the wine selection is very good, and the staff is great.
Also have some pretty stand out cheeses and they're nice about bringing extra slices of bread.
Bruschetta menu is also cute & tasty. Tried the fig&brie and the pesto. Both very good although the bread could have been a teeny bit toastier!
Overall, very fun place with good food & wine. Can't ask for much more!there really isn't much more for me to say that others haven't.
tria has one of the most perfectly curated wine and beer lists that i've ever seen.  there is a choice for every palate, and they really know their stuff.  it would be too much to list every drink i've tried, so i'll refrain, but i've never been disappointed.
i tried the sicilian tuna with black olive/red pepper tapenade and arugula sandwich.  i don't usually eat tuna, but this was magnificent.  
finally, i love how unpretentious, yet still refined, this place is - you can come in your post-work business casual or jeans.  this is the kind of place that makes me so happy to be in philadelphia!My husband and I love this place! We have never had a bad experience here. The food is delicious! Especially the pistachio, lavender honey bruschetta! We have been here many times and will return many more!I can't recommend this enough!  I saw the great reviews for this on yelp, and decided this would be the place to celebrate my 21st birthday while in Philly for the weekend.  This was exactly what I wanted and more!  Since yesterday, my Boyfriend and I have been back a second time, and enjoy every second.  The wines are fresh, the cheese amazing, and the service is top-notch.  Just be sure you come in with a pretty open mind and full wallet.I've been dying to go to Tria and finally made it happen. Two of us came for Sunday School because seriously, why not. Wine was eh, but hey it was like $4. Cheese was great. We made the mistake of ordering two. If you plan on getting other food, you can easily share one amongst 2-4 people. 
We decided to get a bunch of plates and share them. All of the portions are perfect for sharing between two people if you decide on a few plates. We ordered the Spicy Jumbo Lump Crab-Stuffed Peppers, Pistachio Herbed Ricotta with Lavender Honey, and Salad of Grilled Asparagus, Artichoke, White Beans, Tomato-Onion Relish and Pine Nuts. O.M.G. Seriously every dish was incredible. Stuffed peppers were perfect to start with because it was a chilled dish. The peppers were so fresh and the creamy crab meat stuffing left me nearly licking the plate. Next we ate the salad. They split it between two plates without even asking! The presentation was beautiful and the dish was incredibly flavorful. Everyone needs to get this dish that they call a salad. Lastly was our ricotta and honey crostini. I'm so glad we ate this last. It was almost like dessert with its smooth and rich ricotta cheese, topped with sweet drizzled lavender honey. 
Service was impeccable. I normally hate when you are a party of two and end up sitting next to people. You can barely notice here. The lighting is just dark enough that you can barely tell and the waitresses talk low enough so that you can't hear them talking to the table within arms reach of you. The only complaint I have is that we needed to ask for water after we finished our wine. Most restaurants automatically give you water before you have a chance to order drinks or at least ask. 
Prices are extremely reasonable. I think this is going to be my new spot for Sunday dinner.Cool place! We got the meat platter and two cheeses. It was really good! Also got the apple bread pudding which was good as well. Servers/bartenders were all very nice. I definitely recommend this place!Simple yet delicious! Great place for an inexpensive but quality lunch. Excellent customer service!Tria- I heart you.
FYI - The Tria Card is amazing.
I also appreciate that there are nothing but 5 star reviews for this place. I don't know how you can possibly have a bad experience.
I guess if you didn't get to go? Bye bye haters.A very nice experience!  We were visiting Philadelphia for a show and were looking for a place to eat afterwards.  This place was within walking distance from the Merriam Theater so we gave it a try.  The wait staff was super friendly and the the restaurant was not too big or noisy.  The place bills itself as a wine and cheese bar but they have some very nice salads and sandwiches both of which are not typical menu items at most restaurants.  The food was excellent and the atmosphere was pleasant. If you are looking for a full sit down meal, this is probably not the place, but if you are looking for a nice quiet place for drinks and appetizers or a salad or sandwich, then this is your place.  Definitely give this place a try!Tria has been way at the top (okay okay, THE top) of my list of places to try in Philly, but it occupies a weird niche that I didn't know where to place in my lunch or dinner routine. I never wanted to have a dinner of cheese and light bites and could never find the time for Sunday school. 
Last night we stopped in for drinks/cheese before dinner at Varga bar, which is a perfect geographical match since they're only blocks away on Spruce. I got the Allagash White (props though for having Tripel Karmeliet, one of my favorite beers ever) and the boyfriend got the Bell's Two Hearted Ale. We went with the tete de moine cheese based on our server's recommendation, and it came beautifully shaved into a flower formation with spicy honey and sliced baguette. The cheese itself was on the bland side, but with the presentation and accompaniments it was perfect with my beer.
I expected the quality of food and drink, so the service is what really blew me away. We had three people at our table (team service, I'm guessing?) making suggestions, clearing crumbs, and bringing more bread before we even asked for it. After we asked for the check they cleared our plates and brought us glasses of ice water to finish off, which is usually when a server ignores you for greener pastures. The best part was that even with this excellent, attentive service the atmosphere was such that we never felt rushed or bothered. This place is surprisingly not pretentious. You will not feel less cool than other patrons. 
I can't wait to be back for happy hour: five items for $5 each 5-7pm Monday-Thursday.For the money, there is no better place in Philadelphia for a quick, delicious meal. I have tried most of the items on their menu and have always been satisfied. While it is comprised mostly of light fare, the items are well thought out and prepared to perfection. Tria is a simple restaurant done right. Highly recommend.First time eating at tria. My boyfriend and I went for our anniversary dinner & it was beyond amazing. We fell in love with everything that we order and thats rare for it being the first time we been there. I will be going again & again. Safe to say its our new favorite spot in center city.Great, small place to get dinner. 
I went there with a friend and got the Saison Dupont ale to start. It was poured for me perfectly with a thick head. Had a champagne finish, amazing.
Started with the Goat Cheese, Roasted Garlic and Pesto Bruschetta. Again, amazing. Hoped for a bigger portion, but it was still pretty decent.
I got myself the Wild Mushrooms with Grana Padano, Fontina, Baby Spinach and Lemon-Infused Olive Oil Panino sandwich. Very good, though just a tad bland. Thats not to say I wouldnt get it again.
The staff was awesome. When I got my first beer, I was promptly asked if I was enjoying it and if it was cold enough. That really went a long way. Next, we were asked constantly if we were happy and if everything was to our liking. A very great touch.
The staff and beer seclection alone is worth a trip to this place. Great staff. Great beer selection. Great price.Of course Tria was my first restaurant visited upon landing.
Of course, I'm going to find things to quibble about, but the upshot is that Tria is still awesome, because TRIA ROCKS.  
The wine was good--seriously, good.
The food was bad--seriously, not so good.
So, if I get a panini I expect it warm throughout, not hot on the outside and cold in the middle.  Apparently, this is a common complaint, as the server said it happens all the time.  Still, even cold, the whole Italian meat + broccoli rabe thing wasn't doing it for me, as it was all rabe and no meat.  The salad was so overdressed it DRIPPED.  It didn't help that the kitchen staff was yapping away in Spanish, which I understand, about how they were unhappy.  Dudes, you get paid well and should not be complaining about life (particularly in loud tones) in front of customers.  In a commonly understood foreign language.
Service was alright.  The servers were totally drinking (yes, I saw them stealing wine and bragging about it, and no they weren't too nice about it) and bitching about working, which is totally not the usual Tria standard.  Hence, I decree that Chris should be cloned and put into every Tria establishment, as this.shit.doesn't.happen if he's there.  But I was kind of peeved.  
For dead time on a week day, it was alright.  But I'm guessing on a weekend this shit doesn't happen, as Tria would be boarded up if this service/food was commonplace.
Consider me a long time fan who's now nonplussed. 
I'll be back in a few days to reevaluate.  If it sucks again, I'm going to stage a riot as Tria will NEVER EVER SUCK.  Eva's rules.We visited again a couple of weeks ago on a gorgeous, sunny Saturday afternoon. The doors were wide open. I loved how you can sit "inside" but it has the feel of being outside but not directly on the sidewalk near the traffic.
I tried the rose that was on special that day simply due to the server's animated description. I was not disappointed. I typically do not care that much for rose but this one I really enjoyed. We had the truffled egg toast, the stuffed figs, the spoke creamery cheese plate, and a few glasses of white wine. It was all very tasty. Service was exceptional, yet again. It is so nice to have a consistent pattern of good service.
This is my new favorite place to treat myself before a matinee at the Kimmel or any sunny day in the city "just because".
Good job.great food, fantastic beers. 
this place is my go-to, always friendly service and good selection of beer, wine, cheese, and delicious food.I've been going to Tria for years and never have had a bad experience.  Best time to go is during "Sunday school," you can check out a new wines, beers, cheeses that change week to week and are a bit off the beaten path.  It's great to have a wine bar with so much adventure that is still affordable - love trying new great wines.  Servers are friendly and know their stuff well - so trust their recommendations if you aren't sure where to start.Easy neighbourhood "go to". Staff are always super friendly and polite, cozy dining room, delicious cheeses and nice wines by the glass. Always a good place for a drink or two pre or after dinner. I'm a fan.I went to Tria this past weekend to meet up with some friends, a little early start to the night's Memorial Day weekend festivities.  First, I mistakenly went to the 18th st. location, only to realize my friends were at the one on 12th & spruce...no matter, a quick cab ride got me there in no time.
FIRST IMPRESSIONS:
This place is clearly for the sophisticated crowd, as if there is a such thing as the unsophisticated wine and cheese bar (I won't ask).  It's a place to go to enjoy a fine glass of wine and a small thing or two off the menu.  It didn't strike me as a place to go for dinner, although this might not be the case...I had a couple glasses of the Four Graces Pinot Blanc, and the Italian Meats tray.
THE LAYOUT:
Sophisticated and refined are the key words here.  It's not some lifestyles of the rich and famous kind of pomp-shack...but if you are put off by yuppies in sport coats laughing pretentiously at the toiling of the average lowly peon, this might not be the joint for you (okay, I didn't hear any laughing about said subject going on, but you get the point hopefully).  Dark wooden furniture, lit naturally by the afternoon sun peering through the large open windows.  There is a patio section and an indoor section, separated by these large windows, which are open in warmer months.
THE WINE & FOOD:
The reason I tried the Four Graces is because Tria does a special, pairing a selection of wine, cheeses, and beer, first round is half off.  It was exquisite in my (unseasoned) opinion-- I was looking for a wine that wasn't too dry, a little fruity, and that held it's flavor and consistency throughout.  Hit the nail on the head.  The Italian Meat platter was also very good-- various Italian meats that I won't dare to try and remember the name/spelling, some of the sweetest red peppers I've ever seen, and a delicious mixture of garlic-infused olive oil with a tangy red pepper/garlic paste for the bread...oh yeah, and Caper Berries...I don't like them, so I won't allow it to affect my review, if you like em, you will probably enjoy them here.  It was all very tasty, if not a little expensive (although not necessarily overpriced)...I wasn't expecting more for my money, per se, I was just surprised at the bill.  It's not a killer, but it was a little high.
THE SERVICE:
We were fortunate enough to have Shuli (sp?) as our server, she was very friendly, attentive and knowledgeable.  Sometimes when you visit a place like this, you get some hipster wine snob who expects you to know Napa like the back of your hand.  Well in Shuli's case, despite my constant ignorant inadvertent insults to the finer things in life, she was able to boost my experience by being so nice.  I don't know if it's a good thing or a bad thing that there isn't a set dress code for the staff there, but someone behind the bar was wearing a plaid shirt...not what I'd expect to see, but I don't get bothered by things like that.
THE ATMOSPHERE:
We spent the afternoon in a wine-induced haze (not drunk, mind you) feeling the buzz and the warm breeze.  We talked about all kinds of things, including the VERY eclectic soundtrack, which went from kama sutra-esque ambient, to underground chill hip hop, to country, to pub rock.  I don't know who the hell put together that playlist, but it drew more laughter than anything else-- the transitions were too abrupt.  It didn't take away from the experience, but it was notable.
THE VERDICT:
If you are looking for a great, relaxing, refined experience, or if you want to throw (or enjoy) a wine and cheese party outside of your designer loft, Tria, is the place to go.  I gave it 4 out of 5 for the minor annoyances I had (I'm like Larry David when it comes to wierd random quirks like that), but it really was an excellent way to start the evening, and I would love to go back again!So I basically got ran out of the bar by the unfriendly hipster bartender since I came in an hour and half before closing time. I won't be back to any location.I have been walking past Tria for years but never thought that I'd want to go inside. 
I don't drink. You could be giving me the best wine/beer in the world and I wouldn't know how to appreciate it. I also hate patroning establishments who give me small plates of food and charge me a bundle for them. Compounding with my mild claustrophobia and the place is tight especially on a winter's night when everyone has their bulky coats on, it was difficult for me. It's not until my friends told me that the place is legit that I've thought about checking them out and I have to say I truly liked it.
Again, the place is small and there's not a lot of space for you to mosey about, but the waitresses' attentiveness more than make up for it. From the menu, you'll see that some items are quite similar to others, given their small kitchen you'd understand that they can't have really elaborated dishes, but what they do, they do them well. My favorites include their poached figs with gorgonzola and prosciutto, pistachio ricotta and lavendar honey bruschetta and truffled mushroom fontina bruschetta. 
I love, love the categorizing of their wine, cheese and beer menus. Instead of the same old boring categories like red and white, there are more detail descriptions. For cheese, there are racy, stinky and approachable. For beer, there are invigorating, friendly, and profound. I would recommend people to get a cheese plate. I got a plate of 3 cheeses once and they all come with their own little condiment like a fig paste, mustard or toasted almonds that makes the experience so much better. One of the cheeses I had was cut into the shape of a flower, it was stunning and delicious. 
If you come to Tria, do try to come Sunday night to try their Sunday school special. For a little more than half the usual price, you'll get to try a new cheese, a new wine or a new beer. It is indeed an education. I'm looking forward to the warmer weather, when people are wearing less clothes it may seems less stuffy inside.
Go try it.Everything about this restaurant was terrific. The server was attentive and very pleasant. The cheese collection offered on the menu is very very good.  The wine list is extensive. 
The prosciutto and mozzarella sandwich was outstanding. Salmon salad was also outstanding.
This was a very nice experience.I like this Tria the best for their food selection. I came in once with a bunch of friends after a beer festival for some wine and food. The waitress dealt with us being a little loud which I appreciated. Definitely the best food of all the Tria's in the city.Terrible service. Really nasty servers as we were trying to celebrate a friend's recent engagement. One friend in our party is 30 and forgot ID. She was not drinking and wasn't going to and before they would bring other drinks to the table, they threatened to kick us out if she touched any of our drinks. My friend went to the bar after this interaction to change our order and heard the server complaining about us to another staff person. This was very unprofessional and really put a damper on our celebration.Let me say up front that the only reason I rated the Tria Cafe 4-stars and not 5-stars is because of the small space they occupy, the somewhat limited (but well focused) menu, and the fact that it is a casual atmosphere.  I reserve a 5-star rating for an over-the-top atmosphere paired with a more extensive menu delivering the best food and service ever seen.  Note that I think that the food quality and service here is 5-star all the way!!!
After attending the Flower Show on a Tuesday evening we searched the area for a small restaurant with a decent beer selection, and picked Tria Cafe based on the distance from the PA Convention Center (6 blocks) and reviews we read online.  What a great choice it turned out to be!
We thought that visiting on a Tuesday evening would be, but upon arrival around 6:30 PM, the place was full.  We didn't know that Tria was as small as it was, so that helped explain the lack of seating, but they found us a seat at the bar and put us on the list for a table.  The staff was exceptionally friendly and attentive.  We had time to review the menu and each had a beer.  By the time we ordered our second drink the table was ready and we went upstairs.  The upstairs seating was close, but not invasively so.  
We sampled two bruschettas (mozarella crema w/roasted tomato and carmelized onion w/feta), and each had a salad (smoked duck and smoked chicken).  The food was exceptional!  We shared each other's so we got to try two meals and two appetizers.  I can't say which was the best, both were incredible in their own right.
Portion size was modest if you are a huge eater, and ten years ago I probably would have stopped on the way home for burgers. This is not a place where you will be stuffed when you leave, but it was fine for us now, and it left room for both coffee and dessert.  We tried the Olive Oil-Rosemary Cake with Blood Orange Sauce and Mascarpone just because it sounded.....wierd.  It was FANTASTIC!!!  The cake was exceptionally light and fluffy, and the hint of rosemary and olive oil was simply genius when paired with the sweet blood orange sauce and the creamy but mild mascarpone.
We will definitely return to the Tria Cafe to try some of their cheese and wines very soon.There is something missing from this location which happens to be good service. I've been going to the Center City location for years and was very disappointed that this one did not live up to its sister. The food and wine were good but what is going on with the staff? Not only were inattentive but they were flat out rude. I planned on hosting a business meeting here next week but I cannot risk the embarrassment of customers thinking that this is a reflection on service in my city.I really loved every tapa we had here. 
They don't seem to have a full kitchen with a hood and everything but despite that they seem to pull off some amazing things.Great experience overall! (Thanks for the recommendation Kelly W). Between the food, cheese, wine and beer there are so many options to choose from. We enjoyed everything we ordered, but loved the Parmesan Olive Oil Potato Chips (got seconds) and Smoked Duck and Spinach Salad.
Service was excellent. Our waiter was friendly, attentive, and had good recommendations. Based on his suggestion, we went with the La Tur cheese and all thought it was TDF! My husband wants to go back and order all cheeses next time and I must say that doesn't sound like a bad idea...A wonderful little place with delicious food and an impressive wine and beer selection.  I was able to get a seat at the bar and I was delighted by the personal attention from the bartending duo (Tom and KerriAnn.)  The staff were all friendly and helpful making my quick stop extremely pleasant.  I would highly recommend Tria to anyone looking for delicious cheeses, sandwiches, and salads, along with an impressive wine/beer selection without the stuffy attitude of other wine bars.Tria is a charming addition to the neighborhood. The food is wonderful and the wine and beer selection is sure to please just about anyone. Best of all is the welcoming and attentive staff. We felt at home. 
We can't wait to stop in again.Tasty snacks and plates, GREAT, interesting wines. I love the $5 weekday happy hour situation. Those little bruschettas are delicious (I love the truffled mushroom one.), cheese is high quality, salads are good (I love the asparagus/white bean salad). Very good. Very nice.Looking for a quick happy hour spot and found this beauty. $5 each (wine, cheese)
Interior: This place has a duplex like feel since the bottom floor has a bar along with small/large tables on the side leading up to the staircase. Upstairs has a wider space with a few tables on side to fit more 3-4 size groups. It was dark and chill, no complaints here just something casually nice if you want that.
Wine: Pretty much you pick white or red wine for the happy hour deal so at that point wine is wine lol. The white one I got was sparkly and sweet - Great with the $5 goat cheese and bread. 
Food: 
Warm Poached Figs w/ Prosciutto di Parma: First time I had figs and....I did not enjoy. So can't necessarily blame it on them but my friends told me it was too soft. I personally just don't like figs I guess since the smell when you taste is quite strong. The prosciutto though was a great balance!
Pistachio Herbed Ricotta with Lavender Honey: Glad we got this bc I would have been uphappy otherwise haha this was great - soft, sweet, perfect amount of cheese and honey. Wish there were more for me to eat. 
Overall: Great quick place to get some cheap happy hour wine and cheese. Maybe if I didn't have the figs I would rate this place higher but 3 stars ain't bad! :)Awesome place for food, wine and service. Great people watching outside.Great tapas and delicious wine! Very hip, and very busy (I was lucky to get the last seat at the bar at 6pm).