Drinking a cold Allagash after work with a co-worker at one of the outside tables, while watching the Rittenhouse crowd go by. Sharing a plate of cheese and a couple of glasses of wine at the bar with my husband. Lingering over the white bean appetizer, or gorgeous salad. Indulging in a warm chocolate dessert. 
Why did I leave Philadelphia? Tria, I miss you.This is a GREAT wine bar in the Rittenhouse area. I think they have other locations, but since I lived a block away, I always stuck to this one. The wine list has something for everyone, and the service is pretty good (even when it is crazy crowded - which it often is!). It doesn't look like much from the outside, but the inside is perfectly set up for a variety of group sizes (although I'd stay away from anything larger than 4). 
The one thing I wish that Tria had was a better, or at least more varied, food menu. I know that wine and cheese go together hand in hand, but does absolutely everything on the menu have to have cheese in it?Fantastic wine bar with an assortment of small plates, salads and sandwiches that will satisfy any palate. The wines and beers are expertly selected and the staff is very knowledgable. I recommend the Tulocay Cabernet Sauvignon pared with the assorted meat platter and a side of the 2 year old Gouda cheese.Chic, unpretentious, and yummy cheeses, wines :) Very friendly staff, very helpful and all round a wonderful experience.Always a hit post dinner drinks. Two glasses of red for me and three beers for him. That makes a total of 90 different wines that I have tried and 67 beers the boy has tried.My husband and I had been walking around for so long as we argued where to eat and what to eat that eventually it was past 10pm and most restaurants started closing up.  We walked around a full hour more, and after 11pm restaurants were definitely done.  Sulking and annoyed with each other, we headed back to our hotel with empty bellies.  We decided to walk up a street that we hadn't yet been on, and came across Tria.
A server was bringing food out to the one outdoor table, and I was so hungry and cranky I think I just blurted out to my husband as I grabbed his arm "this is a cheese restaurant and they are still serving and we are eating here!"  Later we couldn't actually figure out what made me call it a cheese restaurant - they must just do a good job of conveying what they're all about.  We walked in and they were indeed still serving, and thank god there were exactly two seats remaining at their bar (still a half-hour wait for a table, despite being after 11pm).
So I already felt a love for this place because I was so hungry and I was ever thankful that I could get a decent plate of food at 11:30 at night.  But beyond this simple appreciation, everything was great.  Cured meats + salty cheeses + great  wine + shortbread cookies = yum.  This kind of meal is just my thing, and perfect for a late night nosh.
And the service kicked ass - god it made me wish that the local tapas place in my hometown could trade staff with Tria!  We were greeted enthusiastically at the door and put on the wait list.  We stood at the only empty space at the bar for a few moments and someone nearly instantly appeared with bar stools for us.  Menus and waters came quickly, and we placed our drink orders.  I got my wine right away, and in what only seemed like a few minutes later, my husband got his coffee and was informed that it was on the house because it took so long.  Just as I was about to get up to inform the host that she could take us off the wait list because we were comfy at the bar, she came up to us to ask if we still would like a table.  Even though the place was beyond packed, food came out fast and the bartender was perfectly attentive.  Everyone was just totally in synch and the service was seemless.  
It's funny how sometimes it's easy to not notice when everything clicks - things that go wrong stand out so much more.  But this was one of those meals that at the end of the night you realize it was excellent in its subtle delivery of everything you wanted.  Tria saved my belly from being angry and my husband and I from having a huge fight.  Instead we had a delicious meal and a great night, and yet another restaurant on our must-visit list for when we're in the Philadelphia area.A hidden gem for lunch!! Delicious food, elegant atmosphere and very reasonable prices.  Perfect place to meet someone for lunch in center city.If six stars were possible, I'd given them 7.  First, the warmest most responsive staff possible. Ever waiter and waitress seemed to engage us, asking if we needed anything more, enjoyed what we'd had.  Very nice.  Wonderful wine list, varied in pricing, varietal, region and offered us a taste to help us pick what we wanted.  But as good as this was....the food was awesome.  The  lamb sausage lying in a sauce of feta, olive oil, lemon and mint and with giant white beans scattered in the sauce was absolutely amazing, enough so that now that we are back in Santa Fe we plan to try to recreate it at home. Inventive salads were as delicious as they sounded.... one with smoked duck, another with smoked chicken and another with oak-planked salmon.  All outstanding.  The various bruschetta were each yummy, too.  We came for lunch twice and almost made it back a third time (in a 3 day stay)...  It was that good.  Kudos to the staff and to a culture that obviously rewards quality in the food and staff who are engaging and warm.  Great place.Great place.  It's small and cozy, just very well done.  Its great for a date because the lighting makes everyone look good and they have the best wine and cheese in town (girls love that).  They also have a very nice beer selection and a bunch of fun munchies.  And if your still sober enough for desert they have the best banana, caramel and Mascarpone panini (yum!).I went into Tria last night for the first time knowing what an excellent reputation it has for having excellent wine and beer lists, food and service. I was extremely satisfied with two out of three however the poor service we received was unacceptable. The wine list was impressive and I thoroughly enjoyed the three glasses of wine that I had and I was extremely impressed with the food. Tria has a very small kitchen and they are putting out excellent food in spite of that. Now onto the negative. Our server could have cared less if we were there. He became less attentitive as he became less busy. When we first came in there were a lot of people however it seemed like the dining room quickly cleared out. I am assuming that he didn't care about our party of three since we told him that only one of us, myself, would be eating and only two of us were drinking.  Long story short I had to keep flagging him down when there weren't many people in the restaurant to get basic service. I am a bartender at a popular bar in Philadelphia and I know a thing or two about service. I always overtip because I am in the service business and he missed out on that. I left 20 percent.I really liked it here.  However, right now my addled mind is having a hard time deciding whether $86 (incl. tax and tip) is a normal people price for 4 glasses of wine, one sandwich, one salad, and 2 bruschetta.  It should be noted that I went out and had 2 pieces of (very bad) pizza after my sandwich and bruschetta, but that's at least partially because I'd been on starvation diet for a couple days.  
Anyhooligan, I was again really happy to be eating things that didn't feel like they were going to murder my heart in my sleep.  Would like to see a more varied menu though.  They seriously need to get some boquerones on there.  But yeah, I guess I find it kind of expensive.  Maybe if I had a job I would feel otherwise.Full disclosure, any place that focuses on wine and cheese is pretty much already 4 stars in my book.
Tria's brilliance is in their menu descriptions. They're the best I've ever seen, and I'm not sure why more restaurants don't adopt them. They're easy to read and accessible, and it's a fun place for people who are new to wine. I think they totally convey the personality of their wine and cheese without being too difficult to understand or "out there."I've never had a bad drink of food item at Tria. Hard to get a seat if you aren't there early, but this place never disappoints. My wife and I try and sneak in around 4 to enjoy the bar with the baby asleep on our chest. We love it here, and you will too.I've been a fan of Tria for years and it never fails to disappoint!  First of all, wine...they have it all and lots of it.  The waiters/bartenders are very knowledgeable about it too.  
As for food, I am in love with the three cheese panini.  I mean, who doesn't love cheese, let alone three kinds mixed together?!
The small plates are delish, you can never go wrong with a cheese plate either.  
To get the best deal, go to Sunday School where they have a weekly beer, wine and cheese special for great prices.Tria is my go-to spot for pretty much every occasion I can think of. I've been frequenting this place for the last two years and I can never get enough. There's so much that I love about this place:
The ambiance - Adorable little wine and cheese place. It's cozy, classy, fun, modern. I love it for a glass of wine with friends in the evening, a pre-dinner drink, or that perfect first date place. 
The food - I've had pretty much every vegetarian item on their menu and it's all so good. My favorite is the arugula salad (I often convince my friends to go there because I crave that salad so often!) and their pistachio herbed ricotta bruschetta (sounds risky, but SO good).
The drinks - They have an extensive wine list and everything I've tried has been great. I don't go for the beers that often there but my friends have always enjoyed their drinks. 
The service - Nothing to complain about here. They do often have long waits, but when you get a seat at one of their bar tables or their outdoor tables in the summer time, it's smooth sailing from there - I've never been rushed and the waiters have always been friendly and helpful with selecting menu items. 
There are two Tria locations in the city and they are both great. If you haven't been here already, you are missing out on one of the best places in Philly, so bring a date, a friend, or just yourself, and kick back and relax with great food and wine!Came here for a late dinner after I arrived in Philadelphia. We picked a few small plates, bruschetta, and cheese! Figs with Gorgonzola and prosciutto, warm white bean dip, broccoli rabe bruschetta were all great! The truffle egg toast was ok, hard to taste the truffle. We picked a Brie cheese and creamy blue cheese that were both delicious on their own but the fun part was that they paired a truffle pate with the Brie and honey with the blue cheese. The waitress was very knowledgable about the menu and wine list. Would come back for one of their paninis!This may be one of my favorite places, in any city.  It has an excellent, fun and descriptive wine menu. The light food - paninis & bruschetta -is tasty and the ambience is casual and easy.  A couple of tables outdoors lets you enjoy your wine al fresco.  And "sunday school" can't be beat for a half price glass of wine they want you to try out.  I wish they'd open one in NYC...Great find. Waitstaff was very knowledgeable. Wine selection was outstanding. Cheese selection fits all tastes.Fantastic food, but slow service. My lunch hour isn't super rigid per se, but I do only take an hour. It's a bit frustrating to have to wait for a check when the staff is simply bussing tables and standing at the opposite end of the bar.We came here for lunch on a Sunday and I really enjoyed the place. Their Sunday School menu is a good deal and worth trying one of each as they kind of all go together.
Food: The Truffle Egg Toast is amazing.  I can't not order that now that I have had it.  The rest of the food was tasty an they were kind enough to split our plates for any of us that were sharing.  I love the menu organization based on flavor profile as well. 
Service: Attentive and nice.  Willing to give us tips about the menu and local spots around.
Price: It is a little pricier but reflective of quality and ingredients.
Decor: this is a small place and we were a little cramped. I understand their demand is high but I wish we had a bit more room.
Noteable Extras: The Sunday School is worth trying this place out.  Besides that, it just good quality.Do yourself a favor and order the testaroli pasta with basil pesto, spicy sausage and parmigiano-reggiano. Pair it with one of the "lighthearted reds" and your appreciation for life will skyrocket.
The only reason I withheld a star is because the space is quite small and the restaurant doesn't take reservations which often creates a barrier between me and the testaroli.We have been to Tria many times and the wine, food and service are consistently excellent. It is our go-to spot on a regular basis. The servers do an incredible job of matching wonderful cheeses to our wines. Highly recommend.Really cute place. Try to get a bar top so you have more room. The tables up front are so tightly packed I wouldn't have been able to have good gossip time with my friend.
The servers are all work together so you can grab anyone to get your orders placed. We enjoyed ordering as we went. Started with a glass of bubbly and cheese stuffed dates with prosciutto and the homemade chips with rosemary. Both so good. And then we each got a panini which came with a great side salad.
If this were in my hometown I would go here regularly.Yeah, the cheese here is great! But what makes this place exceptional is the service, cool peeps without the too cool for you attitude.  We went with another couple and brought our bebe for Sunday School which is quite a good deal...we still ended up spending a bit of cash even with the discounted beers, wine and cheese.  I wouldn't call this a place for kids/babys but ours loved it and no one batted an eye when I had to breast feed our baby - at the table, I was discreet.  Its also just loud enough to mask any squeals and screeches that a baby might make.  
I highly recommend the bannanna caramel marscapone cheese panino for dessert, it is too good to be true.
Both locations are equally great for dinner and lunch,  though I prefer the one kitty-corner to 10 Ritt. because I like to watch the construction.OK, so here's my thing with Tria. The new one couldnt be closer by so I want to love it. And I find no fault with the wine and the cheese - which is great cause that's their thing. But the sandwiches and salads need help. I could never get a proper dinner here, and when I drink I need some substance. If they could work up a salad or two that I could handle I'd be a vey happy camper.Young, energetic crowd (certainly around graduation week). Very good wine and beers. Great food in small servings, salads, sandwiches, etc.Tria was great when it first opened four years ago, and it is still great today, after a recent visit last night.  Specializing in the tria of fermented items - beer, wine, and cheese, Tria has a very unique selection of all three items in a cozy Rittenhouse Square setting, which is hip without trying to be so.  The beer selection is a rotating tap, but usually has a selection from Dog Fish, which is my all time favorite microbrew, much to the dismay of my Seattle peops.  There is a nice selection of small plates - strong cheese selection (15-20 types), snacks, salads, sandwiches and bruschetta.  At times, it can get crowded, but late on a week night is the perfect time to visit and spend a few hours at Tria.Yum, their food is delicious! My favorite is the Truffled Egg Toast. Especially love coming here on a warm night because of the outside seating!! I come here occasionally with a couple of friends when we want a night out in the city.I love all the Tria locations. This one in particular is on the smaller side and tends to be busier than the others, but the food and drinks are still fantastic and reasonably priced. The cheese, wine, and beer menus can be a little intimating if you don't know what you're looking for, but the staff is really knowledgeable and friendly, so don't hesitate to ask.
Beets and feta 4/5
Pistachio herbed ricotta with lavender honey 5/5
Smoked salmon salad 5/5Amazing place. There is nothing more to say. Excellent food, excellent drinks, excellent service and worth every penny. The consistency of this wine bar is also worth mentioning as I have never had a bad experience there.
The happy hour is fantastic, usually offering different beers and wines for $5-7 along with a spectacular cheese plate.
Go there asap!OK, maybe 3.5 stars - but not 4.
I just was not impressed with the food.  We had several small plates - and a really bitter greens-based salad.  Also a dessert panini which sounded much better on paper than it actually tasted.  The cheese selection was nice.
The service was fine, if a bit dis-interested,  and the decor and vibe call for a 4 or 5 star rating but the food was not worth the price, and not especially memorable.
This location I like better than the 11th Street location.  Not sure why - but we had a better time here.Staff are always so friendly and accommodating in this neighborhood staple. The food trumps the wine for me however I still plan on working my way through the list until I find one I would happily order each visit. I love starting the night here with some nibbles and a glass or two. Worth a visit.I LOVE this place.
I have been here 3 times now, and each time is a wonderful experience. The food is ALWAYS fantastic, and the service is wonderful too. 
I like sweet wine personally so I get their Riesling by the glass. It is superb and it is the perfect level of chilled. Also their wine glasses have their logo right on the pour line so its fun to see how perfect their pour is each time.
The Food:
I usually get the Bruschetta with the Mozzarella Crema. Yum! The white bean hummus dip thingy is amazing too.
Also their salads are fresh and tasty.
For a place that has ambiance, yummy food and is right in the center of it all, the prices seem extremely reasonable to me.Excellent wine bar with excellent food! One of our favorite places in Philly! They find amazing wines that you would never get anywhere else. And, do not miss the huge selection of tasty cheese as well.The best lil' neighborhood restaurant in Philly as far as I am concerned.  The waitstaff is so so wonderful and kind and helpful!  Anything I have ever ordered is delish and the beer selection is pretty dang impressive!  And Nutella Panini for dessert, YES PLEASE!!Not sure we can say more than has already been said - but the effort and care Tria puts into selecting a constantly rotating menu of interesting beers, wines, and cheeses is certainly appreciated. 
Of course, we couldn't give Tria five stars on booze and cheese alone.  They also have a concise but comprehensive menu of delicious snacks, sandwiches and salads.  We are hooked on the asparagus and white bean salad.
Sunday School at Tria is one of our favorite things about Philadelphia!  They update their website weekly with the coming Sunday's selection of discounted wine, beer, and cheese, so be sure to do your research before you go.I really, REALLY love Tria, and have for quite some time. The service is always excellent, I always manage to find a seat right at the bar, and the wine list is pretty top notch. I really like the bruschetta, especially the Sauteed Broccoli Rabe and Pistachio Herbed Ricotta with Lavender Honey, and the salad with asparagus and white beans is really tasty. Great, quiet, yet hip spot, perfect for date night or drinks with the girls.Went to Tria on the recommendation from the concierge. With the exception of the clueless hostess everything about this stop for a quick bite was great.  We had Sliced Italian Meats served with Sweet Red Pepper, Pickled Onion Mostarda and Spicy Garlic Oil, Warm Poached Black Mission Figs with Gorgonzola and Prosciutto di Parma  and a few rounds of a very bold Malbec (bartenders recommendation)...food was delicious, fresh and hit the spot.  Our waitress, Lindsay, went above and beyond the call of duty by writing out a list of places to try in Philadelphia.  Her suggestions which we tried a few were great!  Tria is the perfect place to stop in and grab a bite with friends, brunch with the parents or a romantic stop for two.  We appreciated the friendly staff and the delicious food.I used to stop by and watch people sitting in the table outside enjoying their glass of wine or champagne wishing I could join them. I always wanted to go but N was not too eager.
One late evening we were in the washington square area and were desperately looking for a place to eat before the kitchen closed. We found Tria around the corner. I loved the ambience which I knew I would long before I stepped in.
I enjoyed my glass of white wine and N enjoyed his beer as usual. We had Spicy Tuna and Chickpea Stuffed Piquillo Peppers  and eggplant bruschetta which we loved.
I had spinach salad with strawberries, pistachios and smoked duck. it was above par. N had smoked chicken sandwich which he loved. He was full when he ate half the sandwich but he stuffed the second half anyway as he did not want carry it and it was too good to leave.
All in all we loved the food and the place and we will go back again.A classy ambience with a decadent menu. We went for a late dinner, and loved the delicious poached mission figs (a must! sweet bursting with flavor, and accented with prosciutto/gorgonzola), pistachio herbed ricotta bruschetta, smoked duck salad, and the American albacore tuna sandwich! The service was friendly and spot-on - water was always refilled and conversation was welcoming. Great place to grab drinks with friends after work.Went here on a Friday night when we couldn't get a table at Monks.  The place is very small - dominated by a long bar and mostly small tables in the front. But we were seated quickly.  The service was great - very friendly servers who were very knowledgeable.  This is mostly a wine/beer spot - there were plenty of options in the wine and beer category, but not so much in the food category.  The food is mostly tapas and sandwiches.  We enjoyed what we ordered, but it was not the ambiance we were looking for, since we were going there to eat. If you are going to drink, you would probably really like this place.I've been a fan of TRIA's since it opened. If you like finer wines
& hand crafted beers - this is the place to go. They have a unique
selection of wine & beer, great cheese selection(and other "snacky" food), friendly & knowledgeable staff, nice atmosphere. One  "complaint"
I have is: it tends to get quite crowded so it helps to go early 
& secure seats. ALSO - I WISH they would do a sampler of 
their beers on draft. I wonder WHY they DON'T do this???
CHEERS!!!!!!Great joint... first time in philly - good ambience, great service and the food choices were awesome. Highly recommend for a late night eat & lounge...A local recommended this place for us out of towners, and we decided to dine there the night before we had to leave.  We are reservation people, so were disappointed that they did not have reservations (like many places in Philadelphia(not quite sure why?), but we thought not many people would be eating around 4pm, boy were we wrong.  The place was packed (which it was every time we had walked by during our stay).  Which is great for them, and must be a sign of it's popularity.  We somehow got a seat inside by a window, which was lovely.  The lady that sat us was very friendly and gave us the run down, since it was our first time there.  Our waitress came over to us and really was not pleasant.  I am ALWAYS friendly to everyone that works in a restaurant/bar, so her not being pleasant is really uncalled for, but perhaps that is just her personality.  We were very thirsty from walking around the last two days, so we ordered a glass of wine each and asked for water.  It took her about 15 minutes to bring us water, but our wine came out within 4 minutes (brought by someone else).  She just seemed annoyed.  
The menu items were all tantalizing and the plates we ordered were very good.  Another server walked by us and asked if we needed anything, with a friendly smile and we politely declined, but as she walked away, we wished it were her we had.  
Between my husband and I we ordered the Salmon salad, the chicken salad, the lamb sausage and a goat and a blue cheese.  We had wanted to order more wine, but decided to leave and have wine elsewhere, perhaps where the mood was slightly less, umm, how do I put this?...snobby?  
We ended up walking around the corner to our AMAZING hotel the Kimpton's Palomar, to regroup and then walked around Rittenhouse some more (eventually ending up at Marathon, which was way, way better and more inviting than Tria), in both of our opinions.  
As we sat by the food expediting station(literally right beside that and the bathrooms), we noticed that food/orders just sat there for a while!  We were actually kind of surprised by the length of ready orders just sitting out.  But the two guys preparing the plates, slicing cheese/cooking were outstanding in their productivity and execution.    
The best part of our meal was the lamb sausage.  The wine was good as well, but very/overly pricey.  
When we return to Philly, we will most likely skip this spot, but perhaps it is better for locals, or just one of those trendy places that can get away with certain things.This is my favorite Tria location. I let the bartender know what I like and have them suggest a beer or wine that I would like. Where else can you go where you can trust the suggestions the staff gives you? They are VERY knowledgeable about their beer and wine selections. I haven't tried the food here and need to at some point.We hit up this spot for lunch when we first arrived into Philly.  I saw lots of great reviews so I looked forward to a great meal.  Overall, it was good.  The food was tasty- although I must admit that the menu descriptions sounded better than the actual taste of the dishes.  I enjoyed the meal, but think my expectations were set high.   It's not somewhere I would think to go back to when I visit the area again.  The service was nice (even though our server was not very knowledgeable).
I appreciated being able to try several different items since the 2 others that joined me are sharers and the menu is set up to do so.
I can understand why others like this quaint location.  The place is tiny, yet friendly.  They have an extensive (and expensive IMO) wine list and a thorough listing of beers as well.  
Probably a better spot to enjoy a cup of tea or wine and a snack.Went here for lunch with my girlfriend on Tuesday.
We started things off with a glass of wine for her and a General Lafayette Porter for me. Our waitress was proficient, but a bit distant and she didn't really seem concerned with our orders. Fortunately, she was the only downside.
We got the Claudio Fresh Mozzarella, Tomato and Basil Bruschetta appetizer, which was delicious, if a bit small and, for the main course, she ordered the Smoked Salmon and Lemon-Pepper Vinaigrette Salad and I got a Smoked Chicken with Lancaster Cheddar Panino. My sandwich was excellent and the salad was apparently pretty good as well. 
The beer list was also quite impressive, featuring several Belgians and a few special brews from local micros.
Overall, it was a nice lunch experience and I will definitely return sometime in the future. I guess my only complaint is the lackadaisical service and the not entirely welcoming atmosphere.Love this place. Great atmosphere, attentive service, intimate enough for a date. 
Can only vouch for the wine and not food. 
All of the bartenders are extremely knowledgeable about their drink list so if you don't know what you want, just tell them what you like and they'll recommend something that's pretty spot on for you.I had the Smoked Salmon Salad and the Ricotta Bruschetta. 
The bruschetta was very good! It was light and because of the syrup, sweet as well. 
I really loved the salad too - it was light and refreshing but still filling because of the beans.Good prices for the quality. Hospitality could be a bit better (for example, they could bring bread for before appetizers arrive). Good beer selection.My friends and I decided to go to Tria on a Sunday afternoon after already brunching and drinking elsewhere. I'm really glad we went! Sundays offer Sunday School, which gives you a chance to sample wines, cheese and beers for super cheap. And they offer quality wines, cheese and beers.
I had the Three Cheese and Tomato Panino which was delectable. I savored every bite. I could eat it for lunch every day. It was about $7, which I think is really reasonable for a good sandwich.
The bartender was nice and despite a full house, the bar had three open spots seemingly awaiting my friends and me. I'm not sure about the rest of the week, but I'd suggest if you've never been you try Tria on a Sunday to take advantage of the deals.Great wine selection! Great cheese selection! Adorable atmosphere! Our one waitress was super sweet, the other was a complete douche.I have been to Tria numerous times, three of which have been in the last couple months. Each time the place has been cramped for space, but not too long of a wait for a table. The service is amazing- very friendly and knowledgeable. Each time, they have been more than happy to give recommendations based on our tastes and explain the reason behind their recommending. I tend to just go for drinks and apps, rather than a full meal. What keeps me coming back is their mead. Mead can be quite saccharine, often a turnoff. However, the mead at Tria has coffee added which cuts some of that sweetness. It may even be my favorite drink (I usually don't even like sweet things). All of the wine I have ordered at Tria has been above par. The apps are great, but it's definitely more about the drinks. The location is very convenient as it is only a block off the square. It can be very loud and hard to talk. It has pretty dark in there. Also, it is really not made for big groups. I would recommend only coming with 1 friend.Oh Tria, how I love thee. From truffled egg toast to fresh cheese plates to roasted beets with goat cheese (I don't even like beets!), you do it all so well.  I crave Tria often but don't get there as much as I would like because the bar menu makes things pricey. Definitely a place to hang with your friends and catch up after a show. Not somewhere to go on a hot date when you want privacy and cosy conversation. (Tables are set close to one another so you may worry about other patrons overhearing your oh-so-private conversations).  If you haven't been, check it out!If you're not very hungry this place may be alright.  It took about an hour to get 10 potato chips.  We would have ordered more, but the waitress only came back once.Amazing experience. Great wine great beer and great cheese. i ve never tasted cheese that smelled like butt hole but i did at tria and it was delicious although gross smelling. very gross smelling.Great atmosphere. Great spot for dating. Lots of appetizers/tapas style dishes you can share with a small group of friends. Wine/cheese paring was pretty awesome and the menu was extensive. Wine tends to be on the pricier side. Attentive staff. Highly recommends for a classy evening!LOVE.  That's all.  I always get the white bean dip and used to love the crab stuffed piquillo pepper (it's now tuna -- still good but liked the crab better).  The mission fig salad is filling and prices are really reasonable.  Great selection of wine and beer too.  Have been to both locations and have gotten the same great food and service, regardless.  Great place. Nice sitting outside in the summer and in cooler weather the coziness inside is just as pleasant although sometimes have to wait a little longer for a table.Went here on a busy Saturday night with a few friends. Seating took a while on this night and the staff was extremely apologetic and kept making sure that we were comfortable while waiting. Upon being seated they gave us a complimentary app to start with which was extremely nice and unexpected. 
The wine selection was AMAZING! We had so much fun trying different wines and apps and ended up staying for a LONG while. The servers here are very attentive and  even took some time to give us some travel tips for the city since we in town from San Francisco. Coming back to this bar in a few months when we come back through!Found this hidden gem and decided to try it out. We sat at the bar. seating was pretty intimate. the staff was pleasant and knowledgeable. we tried the calamari and two of the cheeses, a brie and a cheddar. enjoyed them.I'm pretty surprised everyone loves tria as much as they do - my boyfriend comes here often because it's down the street from his place. I think it's great for a drop in quick meal, and you'll have a nice, average lunch or dinner. I think whoever writes the menu is genius - he makes the items sound incredible and insanely appetizing, but the food fell just a little flat for me. According to my bf and his friends, the old bruschetta menu was 100x better than the current. We had a few bruschettas, the asparagus and artichoke salad, and the fig and prosciutto salad, items which I normally love, but in this case weren't all that memorable.
That said, the atmosphere was nice and cozy, though while sitting at the bar I kept getting mauled by passing customers (and I'm tiny!). The service was great, and I'd definitely return, but maybe with lower expectations.tonight's lesson: yelp never lies. our gastro orgy was made of wines, amazing bruschettas, salad, cheese and the truffled egg toast with fontina to die for. customer service was extremely friendly and attentive. if you haven't been to tria yet, go! the sunday school special is quite a bargain.Absolutely delicious.  I'm always on the look out for places with great app/small plate selections and this place hits the mark. The Gorgonzola stuffed figs with prosciutto are excellent.If you're like me and you love beer, wine, cheese and cured meats (I live and die for bacon and prosciutto) then you'll love Tria!
I had Lupper here (lunch/supper) at an outdoor table on a gorgeous sunny day with two of my best friends and the experience was great.
I think Amada's Little Sister might be an appropriate description for Tria. Their menu features small plates, salads and sandwiches with a strong Italian/Spanish/Mediterranean influence. I tried  several of the bruschettas, all of which were delicious, the italian meats, the poached figs with gorgonzola and the cured Spanish pork. I thoroughly enjoyed everything but my tastebuds thought the carmelized onion bruschetta and the Spanish pork really stood out. 
Their beer list is good too, featuring a variety of  European imports along with some great local beers. I can't wait to come back here and try the wine and cheese.
Service was great, too. At one point, we had our server literally halting pedestrian traffic on the narrow sidewalk just so she could stand back and take a picture of my friends and I. Yes, I'm sorry to admit it, but we were those people. By the way, I didn't ask her take a picture, my friends did.
I must caution guests though...these little plates really add up and before you know it you've spent 40+ dollars when you thought you were just having a little lunch.Tried their sunday school special a couple of times since I moved here. Service is good, great appetizers and drinks. Have not try a full meal here yet so can't comment on the food. One time I went around 2pm and the place had settled down after lunch. One time went around noon time and the place is hopping. You pretty much have to talk at the top of your voice to be hear. That is probably the one negative I can think of.I wish Tria wasn't so popular! While our choices were very good (three cheese panini, a cheese sampler, and bruschetta) and the wine and beer choices are outstanding, it is just way too crowded to enjoy everything else! 
It would be wonderful if Tria was about double the size because it's hard to imagine coming here most nights, especially on the weekend. Trying to get a drink at the bar while waiting for our table to open up was a hassle and we were constantly being squashed and run into by others trying to get a drink or the poor servers who have to make their way through the tight quarters.
Once we were seated by the window, we were able to have just enough room to eat our dinner without taking up space from those next to us. I can't say anything bad about the food or the service itself, but this place is just too crowded for me!While I certainly prefer the other location, I've decided that Tria is Tria and Tria is GOOD! 
Just the most exciting and desirable Wine & Beer lists. The food menu has yet to feature one single word that isn't a "deal maker" for me. The staff in both locations has impressed with their quality in service, personality, and knowledge.
I take one half star away for preferring the layout and openness of the other location. 
I take one and half star for the kitchen employee that knew of (I can't say he was the actual culprit)..knew of the giant TURD that would not flush and did nothing to stop me from entering the restroom as he was exiting, nor did he or anyone return to TRY to help it along!Probably my favorite spot in the Rittenhouse area.  Great wines, love the sidewalk seating, and the food is de-lish.  Personal faves include any one of the bruschettas, beet salad, and my newest fave - the asparagus salad with grilled chicken.  Amazing.
I love being a lady who lunches here.Decided to try Tria based on the exuberant reviews of the truffled egg toast on Yelp.  The egg toast was delicious, and the cheese, calamari, and smoked duck salad were even better.
The service was attentive but not pushy: when we finished off our bread before our cheese, our server noticed brought extra bread before I even noticed we needed it.  
The sausage and lentil dish was slightly too salty for me, but other than that, everything was perfect.  (And, the dish overall was delicious, and the heartiness a nice contrast to the other dishes but without being overpowering.)  
I cannot wait to come back the next time I am in Philly.  Really superb.Great food and service! I have been here several times. Love truffle egg toast most! A good place to hang out with friends in the afternoon.Brie and cherrys AWSOME pairs great with the Montefalco Rosso Antonelli 05. 
Had a great time playing with the flavors of the "snacks" with wine for the wife and beer for me. Shuli was the best ask for her.Went once again last night after grabbing some sushi at Zama. This place is amazing. We had the La Tur cheese which I devoured. My date then ordered the Gouda Romana. It isn't at all to my liking, however that is just a personal preference. My date absolutely loved the Gouda. We received a soiled spoon and they were more than happy to comp the cheese without me having to ask. We finished off with two glasses of wine. The server recommended the Viognier which was delicious. We split a banana panino for dessert. I will continue to recommend Tria for as long as they continue their great service!Had a fantastic dinner - other reviewers were so right about how amazing the truffled egg toast is. Also a wonderful selection of cheeses and wines. Can't wait to go back!Not sure why I have not reviewed Tria since I've been to all of their locations many times, but last week we had a particularly good experience. 
I can't really have wheat and was with a friend who has a lot of food allergies so we are not exactly the easiest to accommodate! However, our server was extremely accommodating, checked on things with the kitchen for us and was the exact level of attentive that I appreciate. Could not have been happier and on top of that had an excellent meal and perfectly poured wine. After so many years they have managed to be quality and also have great staff. The place looks well cared for and I can always count on it. 
The very best thing is that everything is made in house instead of 'assembled' which means that they actually make their salad dressing and do not rely on flavor packets. You'd be surprised how many restaurants cannot say that!Stopped by here just about every time I've visited Philly. It's a beautiful bar and their selection of wine, beer and cheese is top notch. If I lived in Philly I'd definitely make it a point to try everything at least once - their descriptions make it all sound so appealing (I don't know why I stay on their email list - I live so far away that it's torture). Try coming on a Sunday if you can - their Sunday School menu is such a steal! As for the food - I love the lamb sausage and fig salad in particular (that cute truffled egg toast is beautifully prepared but not terribly memorable otherwise). 
I was very impressed with their selection of sour ales - I wish I could remember the name of the one on their Sunday School menu I had recently. Unfortunately I followed that one up with the Cuveé des Jacobins Rouge which I could barely finish - holy hell was that sour! I'm sure there are braver souls than I who would enjoy it but it was way too much for me.I am immensely impressed with this cute little wine bar! This past summer was my first visit to Philadelphia. As a Philly-virgin, I didn't know what to expect. However, I was blown away by the staff's extensive knowledge about both the wines and beers, and food pairings as well. The employees were friendly and jovial and the service was quick.
I was able to explain to my waitress (fairly vaguely) what kind of flavors I enjoy in a wine. She brought out a scrumptious glass of Malbec (taste-wise: exactly what I asked for); my first ever and I have yet to find another Malbec that gets close to it! My boyfriend and I shared a bruschetta plate and a salad. The food was nothing short of amazing and paired great with my wine and my boyfriend's beer. To finalize my love for Tria, one bite into the flourless chocolate espresso cake sent me straight to heaven.
Overall, the restaurant's atmosphere was inviting and welcoming. Great attributes for first-comers. The surrounding neighborhood is quaint with a very laid-back vibe. They have a wide variety of beers, wines, and dishes sure to please any palate! I eagerly await my next visit here and I encourage you all to fall in love with Tria as well!3 words: I Love Tria !
I can't tell you how many times I want to choose another restaurant to fine at when asked where to go enjoy a meal but most of the time I come right back to tria.
there are more locations and I've been to the 12th st location which is just as good and I love that it can be consistent as the others.. That rarely ever happens when you have more than one location of the same small restaurant. 
We enjoyed my favorites 
Truffle mushroom bruschetta- the best combo on a long toasted crostini. 
Lump Crab Stuffed roasted red pepper- served cold in a pesto  olive oil 
Italian meats board which I love all of their thin sliced meats on sliced bread
I had a Brie cheese accompanied w mushroom pate,
The mushroom pate is my absolute favorite; I could eat that on toasted bread all day. 
Some other absolute favorites are truffle toast, bread pudding, and duck saladA MEMORABLE DINNER EXPERIENCE.
I came here about 5 months ago, but my memories and feelings about this place are still as VIVID as ever. The environment looked upscale, classy and romantic with the dim lighting and tea light candles, yet it was very chill, intimate and cozy with the bar stools, bar area, and side tables! The place was small and had limited seating, and it was packed and lively that night! Luckily we found two seats along the side table by the window, and it was crowded. I had to sit very close to my date due to the limited space and lean forward to talk because of the noise, and I really enjoyed that because it gave me a very warm and intimate feeling!! Very romantic too and different from those candle-lit dinners where you sit across from each other.
I forgot the reason, but the kitchen couldn't "cook" any food. The only available foods were salads, cold sandwiches, and appetizers like almonds, chips, and red beets, which were all delicious! Despite of the lack of menu items that night, the food, service, and ambiance were EXCELLENT! 
My date and I got all three appetizers: the red beets, chips, and almonds! They were delicious and nicely flavored/garnished even though they were from the bag. I ordered a salmon salad with a glass of Sauvignon Blanc (which ended up being four glasses). The salmon was not fishy at all! It was broken into small pieces and beautifully blended in with the greens and other tasty ingredients! LOVED it! 
Altogether the bill came out to be about $100, but that's mainly because of the 5-6 glasses of wine! I would suggest that you get wine by the bottle or get drinks elsewhere, or drink there is you don't mind the price!! (FYI, the drinks were more expensive than the food in my case, hah.)THis place was excellent....get the lamb sausage!This place is the perfect bar/restaurant for almost any simply occasion. Drink with the girls? perfect. Date night? perfect. Mother in town? definitely.
Be sure to go on Sundays for their "Sunday School" with a beer, wine and cheese all half off (one per customer).
The only reason this didn't receive 5 stars is that I find their full plate dishes (ie. not apps, cheeses, bruschettas, etc.) to be only so so. The focus of the restaurant is beer, wine, cheese, and small plates. Stick with those.Well we walked in here last Friday night after going to the Helium. No reservation the two of us got a seat immediately. The decor is simple and cozy. Even though the space is small I did not feel cramped or like I was sitting on top of the adjacent diners. The service was great, we did not have to wait long for refills or our plates being cleared. I wish I could remember the name of our waitress because she was awesome. After studying the menu for a few minutes my companion was instantly won over by the cheese list.  We ordered and split what has to be the best arugula salad I have ever had. All the greens were fresh, the beets were not over-powering, and the toasted almonds played off the goat cheese in a sublime way. I was not as impressed with the sandwiches we ordered but this is not to say they were bad by any means. I was already a little too tipsy so I skipped the wines but that just gives a good excuse to go back sometime.Tria Cafe is one of my favorite places in Rittenhouse! It is perfect for date night, catching up with a friend, a casual dinner, or any special occasion. They have an extensive wine and cheese list with some of the best wine and cheese I've ever had. The food is fresh and delicious and served on small plates, so it is best to share a few of them. My favorites include the roasted beet and feta salad, marinated calamari, and the pistachio herbed ricotta bruschetta with lavender honey. You really can't go wrong with anything on the menu. Highly recommend coming here!Tria arrived in my life just as I finished college and outgrew nasty boxed wines (how did I ever drink that swill?). Their impressive by-the-glass list expanded my repertoire in a big way and I often ended my evenings out with dessert or cheese and wine at Tria. I have a distinct memory of sitting in the window, checking out the serious 'legs' on an Australian dessert wine that tasted of honey and apricots.Courteous staff and fresh, flavorful food. Their bruschettas are to die for, and well priced - especially the ones with pistachio and lavender honey, and brocolli rabe and tomato pesto. Salads and sandwiches, too, are fantastic. I am vegetarian and had requested a sandwich that originally contains duck to be made without the meat. The server was kind enough to charge me less for the sandwich because I requested the meat to be kept off.  The only suggestion I have is for the place to expand their menu. All in all, a very pleasant experience, especially in the summer months when you can sit outside.  Highly recommend.OMG! Must try the Duck salad and the triple karmeliet... Mind blowing!!Came in for the happy hour and stayed for the food!
With so many choices in the area, it hard to tell what is good and what isn't. Fortunately my Yelp app made the decision on where to go much easier. The place was very crowded on the Tuesday evening that I visited. Bellied up to the bar and enjoyed a cold beer before ordering the the roasted beets with feta cheese, an interesting but odd combination that actually was very good. Never thought to combine these two ingredients.
The smoked chicken panino was also delicious and very reasonably priced. In fact the whole menu was surprisingly affordably priced.
I cant wait to come back to the area and try some different menu items!Hubby and I were in Philly minus the kids. We checked out Yelp for restaurants near the Palomar and found Tria. We were met by the hostess and when I asked her what the gf options were, she very kindly grabbed a menu and quickly went through some items for me. It all sounded delish so we waited about 10 for a table (this was Sat night around 7:30). Our server was great, approachable and knew the menu well. We started with a few cheeses and of course two great glasses of wine. I had the tuna salad, freshest tuna I have ever had. The salad was light and delicious. Hubby had the smoked chicken sandwich which he said was outstanding. I actually wanted to eat the bread it looked so good. I asked our server about the flourless chocolate dessert on the menu - if it was gf. She came back, said it was safe and said it was on her. OMFG was it to die for. I have been baking gf for 10 years and have never made anything so damn good. 
This was by far, one of the best dining experiences we have had. The atmosphere is relaxing, everyone we encountered was very friendly and inviting and it's in a great location.Another Sunday spent at Tria and it did not disappoint! Caleb, our server was phenomenal and made wonderful suggestions when I was torn between my usual and trying something new. As always the staff is extremely knowlgade and friendly. Another Sunday well spent!If you work or live in Center City, and you're craving an "indulgent" or "fancy" solo or duo lunch without spending a million dollars, you cannot go wrong here. The menu is fantastic, the portion sizes are actually normal (but seem small to some people expecting typical oversized American restaurant portions). It's affordable enough that you can order 2 or 3 things off the menu with a glass of wine and have a seriously awesome taste experience without going broke. I like to stop here sometimes in the summer time during work for lunch, sit outside by myself, people watch, and munch on some deliciousness and sip a glass, and try to forget about how horrible my job is. Would definitely also come here for dinner to catch up with a good friend or as a romantic night out with the BF.Solid food. Nothing blew my mind but the gluten free options for my boyfriend were good and they have gluten free crackers for the cheese. I loved the coffee infused mead. I would like to come back and try more cheeses and wines. The server was very friendly and knowledgeable. A+ service and ambiance is perfect for intimate date.i love this place! probably the 5th time i've been here. their bruchetta are amazing (tried the truffle mushroom and the apple honey pesto one this time around) and loved it. I also love how they change their wine menu periodically, so you never get tired of their selection. oh and did i mention the wide array of amazing goat cheese selection they have? can't get enough!Every city should have a Tria.  Great staff, and a balanced ambiance that has energy, but that you can also languish in for hours.  Sit outside on Sansome if it's nice, but if you want prime summer people-watching in Center City, there's no substitute for Rouge.  Very warm and cozy in the winter months -- grab a back table if it's just two of you for a little more privacy.
Wine by the glass is at the heart of Tria -- the selection cycles regularly, and the list is structured more according to your mood than the type of grape, which invites more experimental choices.  Ask the staff about the wines -- they know the list well, and make good recommendations.  The food is solid -- try a cheese or two, definitely get the figs wrapped in prosciutto if you like those two things, and the asparagus/artichoke salad is tasty as well.  It's often overlooked, but Tria also has a pretty interesting beer selection for those of you that don't dig on wine... no Monk's beer bible, but still way beyond your standard fare.  Overall: great concept and top-notch execution -- Tria should clone itself in other cities.There was a lot I loved about Tria. My salmon sandwich was reasonably priced and tasted divine! And just generally Tria had a super cool vibe. Also, I kind of fell in love with their website.
So why only three stars? First, my husband said his chicken sandwich was nothing special (it was more of a chicken salad when he expected chicken breast). Second, and most importantly, they sat us cramped in the back by the bathrooms, and the air conditioning was blowing right on us. Sounds great right? Wrong - we froze! I do not like it when you can actually feel the cold air breeze. Even after we bundled up with any available cloth items we were all still shivering and goose-bumped.
If I go here again, I'll definitely request outdoor or window seating. Those seats are much more attractive and less freezing!We stopped in today on a gorgeous Sunday afternoon for a glass of wine. We were pleased to find Sunday School taking place (half price options of one wine, one beer, and one cheese). I mentioned to the server that my favorite wine ever was on their menu and was removed last time I was there. He asked what it was and I said it was a scheuerbe. He said they actually had it back in!! I was so excited. I ordered the wine, tried it, and was disappointed because it wasn't nearly as delicious as I remembered. When we got the check, I was shocked to see a price tag 1/3 more expensive than my favorite wine. I also noticed the name was different. I asked showed him the name of my favorite wine (I had obviously written it down in my iPhone memo pad!) and he said this was different. While I appreciate his attempt to give me my favorite wine, I would've appreciated a clarification given that this A) wasn't the wine I wanted (and I didn't really like it) and B) it was significantly more expensive. Still a wonderful spot, but a bit disappointing today.This place is tiny and crowded (at least when I was there 5pm-8pm Wed/Thurs) and fun and good ambiance and great BEER ( on tap - loved the Maine Peeper).   Only sat in the bar area, and the small restaurant area looked nice too.  Plenty of wait staff for the small area.   Went here two days in a row on business trip and really enjoyed it.Came here on a Saturday night and enjoyed the menu and wine selection. We had the figs with prosciutto, which was very good, though I'm not sure it actually was proscuitto di parma as advertised - still it was well executed. The wines came in the same glass weather it was red or white, which was a bit odd and the music was a little too uptempo for my "ideal winebar" experience, but the service was good despite the busy atmosphere and I would definitely recommend for a before dinner treat. 
Oh and Tria, with your whole fermentation theme, how about expanding into some Kimchi and fermented foods beyond some aged cheeses?Tria is a great place to stop in for tasty nibbles. Sadly, I last went on Passover, thus denying myself the full extent of deliciousness. Silly Jew, no bread for you. :(
Anyways, this is the perfect place to grab a bite when you want flavors without getting full. Their gorgonzola and fig combo is fantastic. Some of the cheese offerings are merely nice, without quite the obsessive attention to flavor pairings that Amada has, for example. Encourage your waiter to tell you what's good with what-- they have all taken mini-lessons on everything that Tria serves.
At the Rittenhouse Tria, you may have to trade privacy and personal space for a table in the tiny room, but don't let that stop you! Everyone is too busy eating figs in cheesy honey to care about how close you are.
Update: I have since been informed that Tria keeps a stash of matzoh around during Passover. Personally, I hate matzoh. But just fyi, Jews, Tria's got your back.I've said it before and I'll say it again I Love Tria . 
Things that rock:
1. Sunday school, half off one wine beer and cheese every Sunday. Always great choices not just items they're trying to get rid of.
2. Rewards program. Ask for a Tria card (it took me 3 years to realize they have one). You earn points that can be turned into gift cards. I've gotten about $100 back so far.
3. Their bruchetta is great. Haven't had a bad one yet.
4. While they have a lot of delicious wines, they don't slack on the beer list which I appreciate. 
5. Leave room for dessert!
(Protip: Tria taproom around the block is equally delicious with a different menu and a happy hour!)I went to Tria's Fermentation School tonight for Philly Beer Week. I had the privilege of seeing brewer Sam Calagione (hilarious) and drinking many a Dogfish Head brew (so good). Tria paired some delicious eats including pretzels, cheese, almonds and stout soaked brownies with 8 Dogfish Head  beers. I will definitely let myself be schooled again in the near future.Service was impeccable!  The snacks, bruscetta, and salads were all tasty!  The rosemary chips were so good we ordered an extra round.  Only miss was the sandwich.  Had the cheese sandwich, which was rather bland, but the awesome chocolate cake (read:fudge) made up for it... 24 hours later, im still stuffed!
So good!  Would return in a heartbeat!Loved this place!! The ambience is romantic and the staff is attentive/pleasant. My boyfriend and I went here for pre drinks on New Years Eve and were sat immediately. We had multiple drinks and the cheese sampler. It was a great experience and we plan to come back.oh hell to the no.  overpriced.  mass mosquitos who ate me the entire time outside.  
the best is when you go with a big group of friends who drink wine like there's no tomorrow and order cheese plates like they're reasonable.  but  you, you who are conscious of assaninely priced drinks, orders a beer.  but what do your friends want to do at the end of the evening?  SPLIT THE CHECK!!!  yay!   
i know this is not tria's fault, but i ended up paying 27 dollars for my beer b/c they wanted to split the check.    
anyway, i'm sure if you're some wannabe cultured douche, this place is very appealing.  sorry, just calling it like i see it.  why not grab some bottles of wine and hang out with friends in the park?  
oh btw, service sucked.  i'm only giving it two stars b/c it seems friends who are of the wannabe variety enjoy the joint.  blech.This place was fantastic. Maybe I'm used to LA prices, but I didn't think that it was terribly bad. We had all three things from the Sunday school, all were fantastic and very different from each other. We also got the Tuscan white bean spread, which was good, and potentially with the least amount of wow. The pistachio-herbed ricotta with sage honey was mind blowing. We got the mushroom-nuanced stinky cheese (not that stinky, but very enjoyable) and the salmon salad which was bright and fresh. Really great meal, fantastic ambiance and phenomenal service. We are "ethnic" and really didn't notice anything out of the ordinary. Very yuppie though, judging by the amount of north face.Tria has a cozy and modern atmosphere. It is a great place for conversation, food, and drink selection. It is a laid-back restaurant, so do not expect loud party music and rowdiness. Food is great, service is good, and overall a great date spot!Great food and beverage selections! The space lacks a distinctive vibe though. Glass vases on the walls look out of place. The overall service was wonderful, but our waitress could have used some cheerfulness. I never heard such a standoffish "How are you?"I travel to Philly quite often for work and the hotel gave me a great list of places to try...Tria being one. Grabbed an afternoon snack and glass of Rose there and was pleasantly surprised! The Gorgonzola Figs were awesome. Highly recommended!Excellent beer, wine, cheese selection. Beautiful designed small interior which can get rather crowded and packed at night.
Our Allagash White beer was completely off tasting. The waitress mixed up our appetizer order. Bruschetta bread was almost rock hard making it almost painful to eat. Overall toppings on the three types we got were bland and disappointing. They sounded delicious on the menu, but tasted a different story when consumed.
We split a couple of the main items and were just left with an unmemorable food experience.
The waitress was kind enough to comp the mixed up item off our order - and service was as attentive as you could ask for on a busy night. 
It's a great location for wine, cheese, and beer -- but skip out on the food.
Edit: impressed that the owner takes the time to read the reviews and contact yelpers for input and feedback. wish more restaurant owners took the time to do that!Love this place for many reasons: 
1. cheap and delicious wine! 
2. really delicious tapas and food in general
If you have a nice week evening off, come here to just relax with some friends and drink your sorrows away!There are so many nice places in Philadelphia and this is one of them. It's not just cafe, it's cheese and wine bar. Good wine and beer selection. Cheese served with marmalade, honey and bread. Food sizes are small but delicious. 4 stars just for it's prices.Cute getaway. Unique wines. The roasted duck salad was very good, although I'd ask for less dressing next time. I prefer quieter wine bars, so I wasn't a fan of the loud music. People were loud because you had to speak over the music. Great if you want a energetic happy hour. Not great if you want to relax or bring a date. Limited gluten free options.i love this place because they have a great wine and champagne selection.  it's really cute and tiny, so you have to come early in the evening to get a table.  their food selection is good too.  i like their artichoke sandwhich and nutella panini.  yum.Great place for a date night with my wife. Wine prices are very reasonable for Rittenhouse. 
We walked right in on Friday and were sat at a window seat where it is great for people watching.
Ordered beet and goat cheese, olives, housemate potato chips, asparagus salad, Italian meats, and a piece of Sheep's milk cheese. Had two glasses of wine and a Pellegrino. All for $65! 
Server was very knowledgeable about everything and great personality.
We will be back.Unparalleled magnificence for cheap. Though i'm prone to hyperbole, Tria is, without a doubt, the best place for any kind of date in the city of Philadelphia. Not having a good time? Swallow the last few sips of your zippy white wine and get the hell out of there. Think your new beau might have promise but can't be sure? Order a plate of the many bruschetta varieties or a ramekin of mixed olives and mull it over. 5 minutes in and you're overwhelmed by some kind of love/lust haze of happy? Request a recommendation for your second glass of wine or beer from the hyper knowledgeable server, check out the super foodie cheese specials and think about ordering dinner from the simple but high caliber menu.  Music is good but muted so you can hear yourself critique, flirt, judge or sigh and the seating is darn near perfect. Outside chair real estate is prime but affordable; getting a table doesn't mean you have to sign away your first born or attempt to bribe the hostess with crumpled $10 bills. 
Tria deserves your love. Your lurve even.Tria is a great little restaurant with great food and service. The smoked duck salad and the bruschetta were both great, and the waitress was enthusiastic and helpful. The atmosphere is also great - I will be going back for sure.I love the atmosphere, especially the long tabletops and high tables that give a very casual yet intimate feel to the entire experience (although there are a few tables for 2 people). A friend and I came here for girls' night out, and enjoyed a typical wine and cheese night complete with gossip! We sat at the bar, and the bartender was friendly and explained everything of the menu with zest. Our wines were poured quickly, and the two cheeses we tried also came out with bread and complementary spreads did as well. 
I do wish the bread was a little bit softer and easier to chew, and the prices are a bit hefty (but I suppose normal for wine and cheese in a classy establishment)--but otherwise this is a great place to stop by for a drink and intimate catching up with a date or a friend. The food also looked delicious, but I didn't try anything--I think I would prefer to come to this location for casual appetizers, and the Midtown location for real sit-down food.Two words: Sunday School. I discovered this gem on a warm, lazy Sunday afternoon with a friend. Elegant, yet casual.I know, I know...3 stars is low for Tria. I do like the place, and the wine and food is great, but I find the space to be very cramped. And I HATE that they don't have happy hour. Maybe it's unfair, but nearly every spot in Philly has one - from the fancy to the divey - so I'm not sure why tho location specifically doesn't. 
That being said, if you're a wine-o or into trying the best wine bar in the area, Tria's definitely the place to be.Thanks to fellow Yelpers I was able to find this neighborhood gem.
Service:  5 stars
Food:  4.5 stars
Had to find a local spot within walking distance from my hotel to grab a late dinner.  Was glad to hear that the kitchen stopped taking orders at 11:45pm.
Brooklyn Black Chocolate Stout:  5 stars
If you like dark beers, dark chocolate, and coffee...this is the beer for you!
Bruschetta with carmelized onions and feta cheese:  4 stars
Sweet and salty cold appetizer
Toasted bruschetta with sprinkled paprika with a hot bean and cheese spread:  4 stars
Worth trying once
Don't know what it was called...but it was a big toast with cheese and warm egg yolk on top...found it through the Quick Tips:  5 stars
This was incredible...I'm gonna need to figure out a way to make this at home!
It's a small restaurant / wine bar...but really cozy.  The hostess also doubles up as the waitress and if I could give her 6 stars I would.Have been too many times to count because I love it so much. Wine list is wonderful and they food is always great. The staff is knowledgeable and makes great recommendations. Can never wait to go back!O My God!
Did I say that loud enough?
O My Gawd!!!
I won't even go into what I ordered...coz I think it's immaterial. Every single thing you order is delectable and exquisite!
The wine is fantastic, the cheeses are exotic and the staff is super-friendly and super-knowledgeable. What more can you ask??
I think this place strikes the perfect balance between classy but friendly; upscale and yet casual. They deserve 5 stars just for this feat...and I haven't even gotten into the ambrosia that my charcuterie board and cheeses were. 
Wait on a Sat night was 15 mins....hell! I could have waited an hour and not complained. I was trying to jam myself in the isles...and every time the poor waitresses had to pass me, they would apologize like they just kicked me in the butt :)nice little wine/snacks get together type place.
sat on the bar with a friend, enjoyed a glass of red wine each. they have a fair amount of different wines to choose from.  got the charcuterie to go with our wines-different slices of cured meat (salamis and proscuitto) with sides of mustard, red pepper, etc. 
i believe they cook everything from a toaster oven...very convenient. 
service was good, ambiance was enjoyable.
surprised this place wasnt pack, but yet we went on a tuesday night, right after memorial day craziness...I am honestly baffled by the fact that I have never reviewed Tria. How is this even possible when I've been in love with it for over half a decade?!? 
Since I've relocated out of Philly, the option to lunch there is sadly much less frequent than I would like. To satisy the need, my friends and I have traveled from NYC for the Asparagus/Artichoke salad, various bruschettas and whatever else we're craving that day. And not once, not twice, but many many times. Let's just say that if I'm in Philly, it is pretty much guaranteed that you will find me sitting at Tria around 1230 pm. 
Either location is cute. The one on Spruce is larger. Service is always ok, but it doesn't matter because I'm always too busy drooling over the salad.Can't believe I haven't reviewed Tria.  It's around the corner from my office so it's a frequent happy hour stop when my co-workers and I need a drink.  The wine selection is excellent, and I usually try and get a few cheeses.  They also have a nice selection of beer.  I've never made it to Sunday School, but will have to make that happen soon.  Only wish it was bigger because it can get pretty crowded during happy hour and on the weekend.I had lunch at Tria while visiting Philly.
I got a beet salad with goat cheese and a broccoli rabe bruschetta and both were excellent and a very reasonable price. 
Next time I have to try the wine and cheese plates everybody raves about!I really love this place. The beer and wine list are great. The staff is extremely knowledgeable about the food and as well as the drinks. I can't go without ordering the asparagus salad, a hearty salad consisting of white beans and asparagus among other things. I have tasted a lot of other things on their menu and have been pretty ecstatic about all of them. It's a tad expensive, but I will willingly indulge every once in a while. I think it's worth it.
The space is a bit cramped, but I think the other factors far outweigh this one flaw. I would highly recommend this to anyone that wants to share a couple small plates with friends.I had the chocolate espresso torte which was very good and large enough to share. I also had the Sunday school special cheese and beer. The beer we were hooked on, it's a Trappist beer that we made a note to remember later. Normally I think Tria is amazing, I was actually a little disappointed yesterday with the service. The wait staff seemed awkward and hovering at the same time. It was relatively not busy because of the pope weekend. Yet I felt we never got to enjoy our drinks or food because someone was constantly coming to clear a thing or two off our table or ask us more questions. It was kind of random really as I've been to Tria before many times and never felt that way ! Hopefully the next time will be better !Date spot to the max. Intimate setting and knowledgeable staff.
Get the pistachio bruschetta jawn and a cheese plate wine pairing based on your server's recommendation.I was in Philly for 4 days during the Justice Conference. I read the reviews on Yelp and decided to grab some lunch at Tria after having some really bad experiences at other places in Philly. The first time I ordered the truffled mushroom panini with the Grand Cuvee Sour Ale (I'm a huge sour fan!). They where both AMAZING!  Tria was so good I went back on my last day to order lunch and a panini to go for my long journey home. This time I asked the bartender what she suggested. She suggested many menu items I was already eying so I went with it. I started with the Truffle Egg Toast-AMAZING. Then went to the Smoked Duck Salad which was INCREDIBLE!!!!! Then onto the Broccoli Rabe BRUSCHETTA- I liked but didn't love it. I ordered the Claudio Mozzarella Sandwich with Crispy Prosciutto, Piquillo Peppers, Pesto and Garlic Vinaigrette for my flight back which I just had wrapped in foil and 5 hours later it tasted wonderful! I think the Truffled Mushroom, Spinach and Robiola Due Latti Panino I had the first night still took the cake though as far as the panini selection. All and All, I had wonderful food, attentive service and they have a great beer and wine selection. I would highly recommend this place to anyone visiting the area.Stopped in for a late lunch on a weekend, it was not crowded. Simple menu with something for the meat eater (Dan said it was one of the best burgers he's had in a while) and the veg eater (grilled halloumi sandwich, very filling).
Enjoyed an IPA and Belgian. Staff was helpful. Nice vibe.LoVe Tria!
I was first introduced to this cute little wine bar by my sister, and have been hooked on ever since!
Love the food there (Had bruschetta, some cheese and bread with honey, yum!)
and the wine.
I am not much of a wine person, but I do crave some desert wine after a good meal every now and then, and this is the place to go to!
I love the atmosphere and the service.  Very lively and modern.
I also love bringing people here to show what philly has, and doesn't break the bank!
I wish to get more into different types of wine to really appreciate this place!The food was really exceptional. The service was great, and the wine was good. I was surprised at how affordable it was.My roommate misses this place after moving to NYC, so we come here whenever she's in town. I like their wine and beer selections. I try to get something new each time, but I always think about what I had that was awesome last time and want it again. The food is good here too, all the bruschetta choices and various cheese plates.
However, it is pricey.Tria is a really great place. I LOVE their salads and that is not something I say about any other restaurant. The space is small, but it creates a nice intimate ambiance. I've been to Sunday School twice and love the $6 wines. Who wouldn't love wine that cheap? The great part is that I know nothing about wine, so this is really just a chance to try something and if I don't like it no big deal. The wait staff is also extremely customer service oriented. I've gone with a large group and they've been extremely accommodating even though the place is small and I'm sure large groups coming in unannounced can get annoying. The last time I went one of the people in my party had serious food allergies. They basically crafted a meal for her with no objections. They were super nice about it. There are definitely places where wait staff would not be as accommodating. The only thing I don't like (and this is small) is that if you pay in cash they don't give back change. I ordered a salad and drink that was 15.16 with tax. I paid $20 in cash and they brought back $4. I'm assuming that this is some chic thing where change is unnecessary. I'm really not sure, but I thought that was very strange. I certainly wasn't going to make a big huff about 84 cents but I really didn't get that at all.The 4 glasses of wine we got were all amazing and well worth the price 8-15 a glass. Snacks were great too! Had the truffled egg toast and lamb sausage. Yum!Exceptional service, perfect snacks, great wine/beer menu, and the best dessert I can remember. Also fantastic prices. Well worth the hour wait. 
Will do again.Wow, what a cool place -- I liked almost everything about it. Tria's specialties are wine, beer, and cheese, all of which my wife and I happen to love. It's a great place to stop by for a light snack and a couple of drinks, a perfect casual-date place. 
I don't know why, but it has an aura reminiscent of a downtown coffee shop, like Cosi (formerly Xando's) at 12th& Walnut. The tables are extremely close together, but I think that it adds to overall aesthetic. The menu is actually a clipboard with a page for beer, one for cheese, a couple for wine, and one for food. The selection is great, and the pithy descriptions help to elucidate the differences among a large array of choices. Our food came out fast, and I loved that the cheese was served with a pile of crusty bread and a small dish of local honey. 
As far as the service, while the waitress was a little reticent for my taste, she was efficient enough. 
I'm definitely looking forward to returning to Tria.A wonderful meal for a woman traveling alone for business. Sat at the bar and asked for recommendations. Loved the Truffled Egg Toast and Smoked Duck Salad along with a Zinfandel (make that two Zins).Great food! I love this place. The service is great! My only qualm is that it is so tiny inside. On a busy day/night, it feels awkwardly claustrophobic. Their wine and cheese selection makes up for it. This is easily my favorite spot to grab some wine and cheese in the city.Got a cheese dish & nice glass of wine. Was a great atmosphere... a little loud but not horrible. Bartender was very knowledgeable. Would come back.Fabulous atmosphere and service. Visited last week for wine week and it was perfect. Appetizers portions were just enough. Will be going back for sure!I enjoyed the salmon salad. It was delicious. The portions were generous. The wine selection was great. The staff was very accommodating to my dates dog(read as bear!) the sheep's milk cheese  was delicious. Reasonably priced. I enjoyed the potato chips.An EXCEPTIONAL wine bar! For the most part this has become one of my partner and I's favorite wine bars to visit in Philadelphia when time permits. The "warm white bean" dip on the appetizer menu is absolutely wonderful. They have a great selection of wine and beer as well. The atmosphere is great and intimate as well. The only minor complaint we have about the restaurant is that the service staff can be a little pretentious or arrogant sometimes. This will not keep us from returning from Tria we just know who to ask for now.Had the best time here with girlfriends after driving in from out of town. The Bruschetta selection is amazing. We got the goat cheese + basil pesto, and the pistachio ricotta + lavender honey. Soooo amazing. Had amazing wine there too. Love the way their wine list and cheese list is organized and described. So entertaining! Will definitely be stopping by on my next trip to Philly.This was our first time at Tria. I'll start with the one small negative, imho the sandwiches were overpriced. If your going there stick to the apps and cheese boards.
The wine selection is broad but simple and describes the wines pretty accurately.
The service was awesome!
Our Server Corrine was sweet, helpful, and made our dining experience really relaxing and enjoyable. Everyone there worked as a team to cater to the customers and it showed ; ) Thanks Tria!This was one of my favorite places in Philly, before I moved to NYC.  I would go here whenever I could, because the food/drink situation is just what I like - casual, small plates, reasonable prices.  I loved "Sunday School" and loved trying new things.  I never felt like they were only looking for a profit, but tried to keep things reasonably and fairly priced.  The only downside was the space, it was sometimes packed, hard to get a seat, and with a high noise level.  Oh, and I remember that their espresso was not on par with the rest of their food, but perhaps that's changed by now.
On my next trip back to the city of brotherly love, I'm definitely stopping back here for some happy memories.Every time I have come to Tria, it has been awesome. The food is delicious, the prices are reasonable (recently three of us ate there, with several dishes, beers, and wines for around $50!), the waiters are really friendly and accommodating of questions (and mispronunciations), and the atmosphere is just generally very laid back, unpretentious, and enjoyable.
I should take away a point because there are so many things that look fantastic on the menu, but the things I have ordered are so good that I am loathe to try other things!
So far some of my favorites have been the Cremeux de Bourgogne (a deliciously rich, creamy, salty cheese, like brie but better than any regular brie I've tried), the Persille de malzieu (which Tria describes as Roquefort without the tariff--I'm not sure whether I'd go that far, but it's still a very good strong cheese), the egg toast (this is a sadly understated description for that wonder of warm yolk, melted cheese, and buttery crisp bread), and a charcuterie plate that we ordered once as a shared group appetizer for something ridiculous like $6. I have yet to try a dessert because I am always pleasantly full from cheese and snacks, but it's next on my list.
The Tria membership is also a nice deal if you plan to become a regular. You get gift cards for every certain amount of money you spend, and also incentives to try new beers and cheese.
In summary, Tria has been fantastic every time I've been there, and I'm looking forward to returning.We were only in Philadelphia for a weekend so we really wanted to see the best that Philadelphia can offer. Let me tell you, Tria delivers. We tried their "Sunday School" menu which is a beer/wine they offer at discounted prices once a week. My girlfriend got a South African white wine which was excellent and definitely unique. Small plates were delicious and service/ambiance was on point. We look forward to going back.This place was just excellent. Great and friendly staff, and considering they don't take reservations, we didn't have much trouble getting in either time we went there. I did something I usually don't do in a new restaurant - I ordered the same thing twice: the Duck breast salad. It was fantastic, and at $10.00 reasonably priced. The wine and beer selection, especially the beer selection, were very good, and again reasonably priced. I highly recommend for a nice light meal and some drinkin.Tria is hands-down my favorite place to eat in Philly.  I have been here many times for lunch, dinner, and brunch (Sunday school!) and each time has been a delight.  
Tria is my go-to place when I have out of town guests as well because it is inexpensive, delicious, intriguing with its beer/wine/cheese selection, and very consistent. 
The truffled egg toast was sent down from heaven for your tasting pleasure. You will not be disappointed.Tria is such a fun and happy place to have dinner and drinks. The staff is awesome and super efficient.  Even though there is usually a wait to get in, it's always worth it, and it's easier to get a spot if you don't mind sitting at the bar area or at the long table that lines the window. Only a few tables outside, but great spot if you can sit out there. 
The beer and wine selections are awesome, and the drink prices are balanced out by the relatively inexpensive food. Love the potato chips and aioli (less than $3), the beets with feta, and - the absolute best - the Nutella panini! My fiance and I always split it for dessert, so they bring us each a plate with half a sandwich. We have to learn to stop sharing it, though, because it's never enough.perfect spot for an awesome lunch or happy hour with friends..
Menu favorites:
Fennel Almonds
Herbed Pistachio Ricatta Bruschutta
Broccoli Rabe Bruschutta
White Bean Asparagus Salad
Claudio Mozzarella Sandwich
ALL VERY GOOD! :)  Their wine selections are great!  I love the Sunday School specials too! :)Been awhile since I've been in Philadelphia. Remembered how great this place was and brought my wife. We both loved it. For me it reminded me of why I loved it so much before. Amazing service, quality food and tasty beer with an amazing selection. Such a friendly quality place. Really cool vibe.Tria - tried and true. I've been coming here for years, and it's been my go-to for (my fave) refreshing white wines and delectable bites. Perfect for a casual, intimate date night, or a low-key GNO, or after-work/school drinks, Tria unfailingly steps it up with good food, drink, and service. Outdoor seating on a sunny/breezy day gives you a bit more space and freedom with loud chitchat and obnoxious giggling and cackling when the booze starts hitting you, but I feel like every night (not just Thurs-Sat) is crowded and abuzz anyways. From what I remember, the menu hasn't changed much, making everything a classic. The truffled egg toast with Fontina is a work of art. Aromatic truffle wafts from the thick but fluffy piece of bread, covered in a beautiful, even layer of melted Fontina cheese. As the cherry on top, the most perfect egg yolk, sprinkled with flakes of freshly ground pepper, is the final touch. By the time the dish is presented, the egg is basically begging to be poked, so it can spew out its ooey gooey goodness, all over the bread, the cheese, and the surrounding pieces of greens. Another excellent must-try is the truffled mushroom with fontina bruschetta. If you're a truffle fan, then these two are for you. If you're not a truffle fan, then order the pistachio ricotta with lavender honey bruschetta. I don't know many who would beeline for the ricotta at a cheese bar. However, the lavender honey and pistachio combo, sweet with the nutty and savory, plus the ricotta, make it work. (I don't recall seeing a toasted salmon sandwich on today's menu, but they did have it years ago, and that was also great - cough, bringitbackplease, cough.) As for the wine, which is 80% the reason why you go to Tria, I love the bubbly and the "smooth" and "luscious" whites. On that note, it's awesome how the menu categorizes all the wines, so you know what flavors and textures to expect. Every glass comes out crisp and chilled. I dare you to leave with just a glass or two; it's pretty much impossible. And remember it's a wine bar, so space can get a bit tight, and a wait on evenings is almost always guaranteed. It's worth the wait, so stick it out, and you won't regret it!I went to Tria this afternoon and loved it! I ordered the Claudio Panini and it was delicious! They were offering a beer special in honor of the election so I couldn't pass it up. The beer ended up being a little bitter but not awful. The staff were welcoming and very friendly. Next time I'll have to have some wine!A few friends and I decided to go out in the evening and try a nice wine bar. Tria came highly recommended, and it did not disappoint. The selection of red wines is phenomenal, and the appetizers and cheese go really well with the mix.
It's a great place to drop by after work to take advantage of the happy hour. The food options aren't that delicious, but there's plenty of options in the area.Tria is absolutely an amazing first date spot.  If you're a regular guy and drink your beers but don't know too much about wine, but want to take a girl to a nice spot and impress her with your sophistication, Tria is it.  And what I would actually recommend is sitting at the bar because first of all, it can get quite loud so if you want to be able to hear each other this is the best solution, and if you suavely engage the bartender, which in my experience they are all so fantastic, extremely helpful without being annoying.... then your date will end up with the perfect glass of wine and she'll think you're the bees knees...note, the bartenders can be quite charming so make sure you keep the focus on you once she's been served! What also makes it a great date place is that you can eat a light but delicious meal, share some bruschetta, i recommend the goat cheese and caramelized onions, actually, all of them are amazing!  The bartenders/servers will also make amazing recommendations for meats and cheeses, or you can order a pressed sandwich or an amazing salad, and you won't have that gross schleppy feeling afterward and you can continue impressing the hell out of your date with a stroll around Rittenhouse!  Another plus- the alcohol can be pricey but your meal was totally reasonable, cheap even, so perf!
I have drinks and eats at Tria as often as possible, and I've been dying to try the fermentation school.  Full marks for awesomeness!We had (another) wonderful experience at Tria this past weekend. Our server, Ali, was top notch. She made some wonderful recommendations and provided overall great service. We enjoyed several cheese plates, some apps, bruschetta, and a panini and it was all great.My favorite bar to catch up with old friends. Absolutely amazing selection of drinks. And a nice food selection unique to them. Always a reliable option.Wine - GELBER MUSKATELLER, HERMANN MOSER
Cheese - BREBIROUSSE D'ARGENTAL 
Food - Three Cheese & Tomato Panino with Fontina, Grana Padano and Apple Tree Chevre and Lancaster Turkey, Bacon and Cheddar Sandwich with Tomato and Herbed Aioli.
They were perfect. Light and such great flavours.Tria has to be one of the best tapas place in town, even if they don't call themselves a tapas place. The appetizers are phenomenal. Between the two of us we tried all of their appetizers and the chicken liver mouse was one of the best things I have tasted. Even the other appetizers were very well made with a proper balance of flavor, texture and presentation. The time we were there ,they had two special wines to choose from and it was as expected, exquisite. 
The service was also top notch. It was on mark from the word go.
The cozy decor, food, service and the surprisingly cheap price makes this one of our favorite joints in Philly!Wine, cheese, beer.......what more can you want?!
I love Tria.  Nice relaxed atmosphere.  There is music playing but not so loud that you can't enjoy a conversation.  They have a great menu and very knowledgeable staff.  I especially like going for sunday school where they have a featured wine, beer and cheese for half price.  It's good to try something new and the fact it is cheap is even better! The place is pretty small so not good for big groups but i've usually managed to get seating if i'm in a couple.  
The only way this Tria could be better would be if they had a weekday happy hour like at the other location.I ate here twice on a business trip to Philadelphia and both meals were very good.  I tried the fig and gorgonzola salad and the roasted chicken salad with bacon and blue cheese. Both salads were excellent.  It's a little on the loud side and seems to cater to a younger crowd, but I was eating on the early side and left before 7:30 pm, so the noise was not deafening.I've never been thrilled with the place, but it offers a good fall back if the place you wanted to go to was closed/packed, you cant figure out where to go on a date, you need to entertain a friend in town, etc...
But I'll never go out of my way to get here.  In by opinion, your better off going to Monks/Devils Alley/Belgian Cafe/that beer place in old city for beer, a friends house for wine, and mercato or de brunos for cheese...Sunday school wine selection is always great! Love Aja (sp), great lady behind the bar who makes the visit and the wine special!  Try the cheese on Sunday School as well, a great snack on a Sunday afternoon.My boyfriend and I took a mini vacation to Philly, and tria was our favorite restaurant of the trip! We met another couple here and enjoyed sampling wine, beer and delicious cheese. The wine and beer menu as well as the cheese menu was almost overwhelming with an abundance of choices. We had a hard time deciding on what cheese to order, but in the end we enjoyed everything we ate and we were impressed with the jam and honey pairings for the cheese. The atmosphere was relaxed and the server was attentive. The day we came to tria was a hot and humid day, but it felt delightful to relax in here! Next time I come to Philly I definitely plan to make another stop in here.Been trying to get to Tria for awhile, finally had dinner in the neighborhood and headed over. I was not disappointed. The wine list had some great quirky selections and everything I tried was fabulous. All of the staff were super friendly as well. The menu looked really interesting and if I wasn't so full from dinner I would have definitely sampled. Next time!LOVE THIS PLACE! It's always our first stop when visiting Philly since it's so close to the hotel. Food is fresh, delicious, and perfectly portioned - because you want to save some room for their unique beer and wine list. Staff is knowledgable, attentive, and fast. Atmosphere is very relaxing. All around and win win!My friend and I came here for a nice drink and chat late Friday night. The place is small but intimate. Niether of us knew a lick about wine or cheese but we love food and trying out new things. We ordered the Apple Tree Goat Cheese and Pistachio Herbed Ricotta to nibble on between our girly giggles. Both bruschetta tasted great but I really loved the Herbed Ricotta the most for the sweetness. Since I'm more of a beer gal, I ordered the JW Lee Vintage Harvest Ale. It was very warm and sweet! My friend had the Petite Sirah which she really love and too quickly finished. The ambience and staff were great of course. We'll be back for more chats.My friend Chris and I enjoyed some nice small snacks and bruschetta at Tria, a wine and cheese bar, in Rittenhouse Square. We had the Pistachio Herbed Ricotta with Lavender Honey, the Warm Tuscan White Bean Spread with Paprika Toast, the Truffled Egg Toast with Fontina Fontal, and the Sliced Italian Meats with Sweet Red Pepper, Pickled Onion Mostarda, and Spicy Garlic Oil. "What? No honey?" I said to the server. The sliced meats plate normally doesn't come with honey, but he brought over some lavender honey to appease me. You can't have sliced meats without trying a slice or two dipped in honey! The pistachio cheese spread was sweet and yummy like a dessert. I loved it. The white bean spread reminded me of hummus but without all the garlic. That was good, too, especially with the cracked parmesan on top. The truffled egg toast reminded me of Stella Pizza's amazing Tartufo pie. The piece de resistance, our sliced meat platter, featured four different kinds of meat. I loved the prosciutto ham dipped in honey or topped with roasted red peppers. Drinking wine is dangerous because you seldom feel as if you're drinking too much until it's too late. I had a glass of Torrentés white and two glasses of German Reisling. Good stuff.The ambiance and service were superb. 
The only two types of alcohol I will drink are beer and wine, so it was appropriate to come to a wine bar.
I ordered: 
1) ALLAGASH WHITE- Ahhh, it was so refreshing! Belgium wheat beer!
We also ordered a platter of soft cheese to share at the table. Absolutely delicious! 
If I am in the area, I would love to go back :)I imagine Tria is a place you take a hot date to on a friday or saturday night...hey, maybe even a thursday.  Unfortunately for me this was not the case, but I hope to someday rectify the situation. 
Instead of hot dates, my boss treated me and my coworkers here SO MANY TIMES in a 4 month span of time for lunches.  I do love free meals, but amazing free meals are even better.  In my opinion I'd say Tria is one of the best places to eat in this area of town.  I love cheese, and they have lots of cheese.  Everything on the menu is described fully so you understand exactly what you're getting and the wait staff know exactly what they're talking about in regards to the foods, wines and beers that pair together nicely.  
Its a small popular place that fills up fast, but definitely worth trying out even if you have to wait.This was my first wine bar after moving to Philly from Los Angeles, so keep that in mind. Okay wine, pretty good cheese (and accouterment), really good service. Not a lot of atmosphere, and the place is so small that I simultaneously felt that we were a little in the way (by the door and the service station) and that there was no better place to go, even though most of the tables were open. Also, this was not one of the "Philly deals" I have become accustomed to in my short time here. (Newsflash: Rittenhouse Square is expensive.) All in all, I'd go back if someone suggested it -- but only until I find someplace better.Loved this place! Loved their "Sunday School" - great reason to try new cheese & wine. Italian meat plate & cheese were delicious. Unique wine list. In Philly for 3 dinners...will go back for a second one here tomorrow! Sat at the bar...Penelope & others were attentive & knowledgable!I was really excited to try this spot after seeing the reviews.  Because of some food allergies, It's helpful for me to be able to check menus on yelp before going to make sure there's something I can eat.  I was psyched by the menu, only to find out it had changed since whenever it was uploaded. Not any HUGE changes, but still enough that I was slightly disappointed.
The wine was decent, but probably over priced, the staff was okay, seemed more excited about talking to each other than taking my order. Overall not a bad experience, but not incredible.Amazing!
My favorite bar in downtown Philly. 
What I like: Everything. The host, waiters and bartenders are all very friendly and always helpful in making decisions. They are very knowledge. The vibe in here is really cool and kind of divided into 2 areas in the front of Tria are tables for a more intimate setting and for those who may be staying longer. Towards the back is the bar and food prep area. I love sitting at the bar because you can interact with the barkeep and you can watch the food being prepared. You can also scout out which beers or wines are most popular and what you want to try. The menu is amazing. I always find a beer or wine I absolutely Love. The have a great variety. Their menu is also really informative and accurate. I learn alot just by figuring out what I want to order. 
The food is really good. I wouldn't recommend eating a huge dinner here, it is more for a small dinner or appetizer plates. They have great cheeses and sauces as well. The music is great and always at an appropriate level. Warmer months you can sit outside which is fun. I always feel welcomed and always leave satisfied.
You have to come on Sunday's when they offer a sunday special on a beer, wine and cheese. They are always really well chosen and it is a fun way to learn alot about different fermentation products! They also have a Tria Card which tracks what you have tried at different visits!
What I dislike? Nothing! honestly.
Overall: This place rocks. You must try it!  Come any night but definitely try it on a Sunday!Love this vibe of this place, great wines and attentive staff.  Clean, intimate setting, I highly recommend!Let me start off by saying this place is Great! I think people should be warned that the price adds up really fast when eating/drinking here! The food is really fresh, the wine and cheese selection are really great and well thought out. The staff are very knowledgable about their wines which I goes to show that they are really well trained by management. I always spend way more money than what I expect when I go here, but I love eating fancy cheese and drinking great wine.Oh Tria, how I shall miss you.
You and your easy charm, with a plentiful wine selection and decent prices.  And oh!  Your delectable little bites.  That smoked duck salad, with crisp spinach and savory vinaigrette.  
Moving out of Philly now...but Tria, you have a special place in my heart!  :)Excellent, excellent food at not-crazy prices. 
Great service, super wine and beer selection. Stupendously fresh salads.
I HIGHLY recommend the Truffled Egg Toast appetizer. It is GOD.
I ate there twice in two days with a party of six. We lucked out and got seated quickly. The consensus was this is a five-star dining experience.it's a good place for people who don't know wine well and still enjoy wine tasting. based on the type of taste you want, the clerks will help you make selections and pick pairing cheese. The food was okay... but most people come here for the wine experienceI came here few times for happy hour and dinner and I have never been disappointed in them. I am a fan of their wine and cheese platters and their flat breads.Second time around, same experience.
Tria is a great place for a glass of something and something to nosh with it. I wish the service was as up tp the concept and intent but the second time convinced me that service needs to be worked on. Not exactly a great place for conversation unless you sit at the bar where you can be right next to the person. Then again, at the bar, you can listen in to the stellar conversation of its bar staff. 
Sunday School is a great concept if the narrative they come up with, i.e., the "lesson" is actually silly and sometimes a cover for a wine or cheese that is forgettable, but then, aren't most school lessons like that? The cheeses are recommended as are desserts that aren't too cloying. 
The staff walks around with information but little understanding of perception. Hovering too much is not attentive service, it is otherwise. Watching the bar staff, wait, no listening in or being captive to their exchange is not what one goes out for.  Not a place to feel relaxed! This Sunday School is clearly parochial but hopefully, they wont start using rulers.Great selection of wines, beer and cheeses.  Friendy and knowledgeable staff.  Tends to get crowded in the evenings, but perfect atmosphere on a late afternoon or weekend.It's an institution in Philadelphia. (See the 10k other reviews)
Beer, wine and cheese.  The servers are fantastic.  The menu changes frequently.  It's great for first dates.  It's great to bring out-of-towners to.  It's great to tuck in at the end of the evening for that final nightcap or two.
It's damn near perfect.love their meats/chese platters! this place gets crowded every quickly since it's a small cafe, but it's worth the wait. such a cute, intimate place. perfect for date night!I met a friend at Tria last night. It was the first time for both of us. We ordered wine and split some "snacks" to start. I would have liked go see more variety with the ingredients across the menu, but the taste was excellent. My favorite was the Warm Poached Black Mission Figs with Gorgonzola and Prosciutto di Parma.  I highly recommend it. I was impressed by the wine list as well. I started with the Carménère "Armador". It was a delicious semi-dry red with nice hints of various flavors and spices. I followed up with the Zinfandel "Mother Clone". I expected it to be a bit more fruity based on the description. For dessert I had the Valrhona Chocolate Espresso Cake with Hazelnuts and Honey Mascarpone. Think less cake-like, more fudge like. It was incredibly rich and I probably could have split it, but I didn't mind having all to myself! The mascarpone was a nice addition to tone down the espresso cake.
My only complaint is the service. The server and bus staff were very knowledgeable about the menu items and provided excellent recommendations. However, our server checked on other tables for frequently than ours. At first I thought I may have been being too harsh because it was a Friday night, and thus busy, but my dining partner commented on it as well.  I find it off-putting when you notice that your table being treated differently than others. Perhaps it was our age and gender, and the assumption that we could not afford to tip well (which is inaccurate). Our server was very polite the few times she did come over to our table to take additional orders, but I just wish she treated us the same as the other patrons.yeah, I make fun of people that pontificate about wine, where its harvested, bottled, how long it should breathe..yadayadayada
yeah, I order beer when I'm in Italy, Argentina and Spain instead of the locally produced wines.
yeah, I prefer any other fare to cheese, apples, olives, honey and cured meats when I'm out at a resto.
YEAH, I'd come back to this spot again and again because they know how to properly pair the wines with the cheese/meat plate.
I may have to wear my slim-fit blazers when I go out now.Great for small plates. The best ones are the truffled egg toast, the smoked duck salad, the mission fig salad, and the paninos. The chocolate cake is good too. I am noticing that Tria is now getting more into their desserts. Gone are the days of the nutella panini that I morphed with bananas. (It was good actually). Great service too. Actually the only bad thing I can say about Tria is the view of the" yellow monster" diagonally across the street.Great selection of small plates. Tried the mushroom bruschetta, stuffed dates and one of the goat cheese selections. Everything was delicious and they provided extra baguette slices with no prompting. Tried the rose wine which was delightful on a 93+ degrees day. Great stop for after work or for a light meal and good wine.One of my favorite places in Philly.
Olive Oil Rosemary Potato Chips with Truffle Aioli ($2.50) was alright, nothing special though. I loved the cheese and crusty bread tray with honey, everything complemented each other perfectly. The Bruschetta was good. The salmon sandwich ($9) was overpriced and a disappointment.
Banana, Caramel and Mascarpone Panino ($6) was by far my favorite thing. I've never had anything like it before and it tasted AMAZING. I went back 3 times just to get this.
This place has a great vibe, it's romantic and trendy. I think it'd be great for a date, happy hour, for a group, or even catch up with an old friend. Service was decent. Highly recommend!Saturday was a beautiful day for a light fare at Tria - service was so helpful and the food was a home run - my taste buds were singing ! Oh the Stiegl Grapefruit beer was so refreshing.very chill atmosphere.  they play a lot of good thievery corporation.  they have a lot of really good healthy food.  the beer selection is classic.  the wine menu is brilliant.Have enjoyed some seriously good beer & some amazing wine at this place. A place that serves salads, sandwiches, and small bites is usually good by me, and Tria is no exception. The food is elegant, even though it's largely paninis and bruschetta. The cheese selection is great. The ambiance is also nice.
Great for happy hour, a quick lunch, a date, or whatever, really. Will definitely be going back time and again.It's a beautiful wine and cheese bar. The portions are a bit small but delicious. You have to try the cheddar cheese, the one Anthony Bourdain recommends, it's really good! I tried Brie from France, it was tasty too,but don't expect a big slice... We ate Italian meats, 2 different cheese and bruschetta + drank 5 glasses of wine in total.It was $50/person.I loved this wine bar! The food was great and the staff were all very friendly. They have a decent wine and beer list, and the appetizers and sandwiches were very good. The sidewalk seating is nice, if you don't want to sit inside where it can get very crowded and noisy. Overall, a nice place for relaxing and hanging out at night.The cured pork tenderloin with pickled golden raisins and baby cilantro was brilliant. Great prices and selection of small plates. I'd love to go to a cheese tasting here.I had a glass of Spatburgunder that was really a nice surprise, and my friend had a hefeweizen that she enjoyed. The drinks, I think, are a little pricey, but they are good -- and the food is good and reasonably priced (truffled mushroom bruschetta and figs/prosciutto were delicious). 
I knocked off a couple of stars because I am finding that Tria, like so many places, just plays its music on the very loud side, making it so that you need to shout a bit to be heard clearly. The waitress told us the owner is a music enthusiast and has standards about what and when to play music, and at what volume, and they aren't generally flexible in that regard...However,  she did turn the volume down a bit for us, which was so considerate.
When I want a glass of wine with a little food after work, I'm generally ready to unwind, and this Tria location is too loud for my taste in that regard. If you don't mind noise, though, you'll like the drinks and food. It's just not for me.i was very pleased with tria. wine and cheese are two of my favs and you can get little samplings of both.Wow, I really love this place!  Everything from the vibe, to the service, to the excellent beers, wine and cheese.  What a fabulous place!  We had a great selections of cheeses, a couple fabulous wines, a great salad, and dessert.  If you are looking for a place where you can sample some delicious drinks, and nibble on this and that, I recommend that you run, don't walk, to Tria!Had a chance to document Tria in washington sq. west. Fresh bread stacked visibly in cabinets sit behind a fair sized polished wood bar. The place seems larger from the outside but is somewhat cozier than expected on the inside. Stained brown wood is the theme which is classic for any venue specializing in wine. Upstairs the seating is more intimate. Love the dangling disc mobiles high above the bar. Reminds me of my crib as a kid!