Great place!  Delicious flatbreads and fun atmosphere.  Very crowded when we went (~7:30pm on a Thursday night), but we were seated within 15 minutes.  May be tricky with larger groups, but a fun place to go on a date or with a friend.I love you Tria Taproom. Your service is excellent and your flatbreads are delicious. Will you marry me? 
Came here with Elaine M. for happy hour and was so happy with the experience.  Went sharesies with my gal pal with two veggie flatbreads.  The Kennett Square and the Burrata.  Magnificent. 
The Kennett Square had fontina, wild mushrooms, zucchini, red onion, truffle puree   and the Burrata had mozzarella, provolone, garlic spinach, balsamic onion, and lemon zest.  It was hard to pick a favorite so I am glad we ordered both. If you are a vegetarian, meat lover, or a Friday-during-Lent-Catholic- you will be happy you ordered these.Came here to catch up with a friend and from the moment I entered to the moment I left, I was so surprised and impressed at how polite all the staff was! It's a pretty small space and can easily be crowded because of that fact, so be mindful of that. A lot of the other reviews state that they really like the iPads. Unfortunately, I wasn't one of those people. I think there's just this feeling about holding a menu instead of a digital device, but it is cool that they tell you the amount of beer that's left in the keg.
I would say the best bang for your buck to get is the flatbread. My friend who was "so hungry" couldn't manage to eat the whole thing, so I gladly helped myself to the Parma. The calamari is a guaranteed plate cleaner of a dish! It is a bit expensive, so if you're trying to impress a date you should take them there. Just know that you may not be able to hear them because not only is it a bit loud, but it is also a place great for people watching.Great beer selection, and I especially liked the iPad menu (technically it's not an iPad, but you get the idea), which indicates, among other things, when a particular item is about to kick ... last call! Great place for an after-work beer or to stop in for a beer before heading out to meet friends for dinner. Excellent service. The last few visits, I haven't tried any food items, but I'm sure the food meets the usual high standards of the other Tria locations.I came to the Tria Taproom on two different occasions and it's a great alternative menu to the original Tria locations. 
The restaurant space is sleek and modern even down to the menus (the drink menus are on iPad minis). Instead of a selection of meat and cheeses the food menu has a hearty selection of filling small plats and flatbreads. I got the tavern ham for lunch and it was AMAZING. I am still thinking about it, four days later.Love the beer, the atmosphere, the service, the I-pad beverage list  and most of the food. Came here for PBW featuring  5 $5 Pizza Boy beers + 1/2 price flatbreads.
The Burrata flatbread let me down. Very bland, and the crust was just so -so. It did not look at all like the photos, nor taste as described. Very little spinach - garlic(couldn't taste ANY garlic), the balsamic onions were basically non - existent; as was the lemon zest. Maybe I ordered the wrong kind, as the folks next to me were raving about their ham, duck, & breakfast ones. I prefer the flatbreads @ Earth Bread & Brewery. Glad they were1/2 price at least!The food here was phenomenal. We live about an hour away and decided to head into Philly for a Sunday meal.  On the way my girlfriend found this place and it just sounded amazing. We found the place easily and there is a parking lot right across the intersection. We walked in and the place had absolutely no wait which was awesome seeing as I thought it would have been very busy on a Sunday afternoon.  We ordered the cheese curds which may have been some of the best I've ever had. Also ordered the Kenner square flatbread which too was amazing. It had an nice spicy flavor at the end of each bite. Lastly we got the Cuban. That was another out of this world sandwich. We also decided to go with the dessert which was a strawberry shortcake. This was a perfect finish to a great meal. 
They had a great selection of beers as well. We tried most of them during our meal. Place is very neat and clean. Service was great. Personally I really enjoy small plates so you don't overeat and these sizes were perfect. I will definitely be back for another visit. This time I hope to get back and get a crowler of beer seeing as this time I was not able to make it back before we had to leave.This review is for the lunch service at Tria. My girlfriend and I were warmly greeted just past opening time for lunch. As we were seated I noticed a modern but rustic feel to the place. Service gets an A+. Nick made sure our glasses were never below half full and was well spoken, polite, and knew the entire menu. I got the pork rib sandwich and my date got the grilled chicken sandwich. Both were cooked to perfection and thoughtful plated and full of flavor. Thanks Nick.First of all, there is wine on tap. What is better than that? They provide iPads so you can check out what's on tap (wine or beer), how much is left, what it's like, etc. Very cool. The food was awesome, especially the "fries" and the flatbread. They were super accommodating to a large group of us, which was very appreciated. This is my new favorite place in the city!As a beer guy this is my favorite of the Trias. Their selection boasts unique domestic craft beers alongside some harder to get European beers. There iPad system of choosing your beer is a cute novelty. I have been there twice and both times the service was great. They aren't overly on top of you so you can enjoy your be and conversation, yet if you need anything they notice and come immediately.In terms of food, Im not sure I get the hoopla. My girlfriend and her friends love the artichoke dip but I think its a bit too heavy. I have also had the fish tacos- good not great (watch out the hot sauce they provide is super hot) and the spinach salad - nothing memorable but perfectly decent salad (friend liked the goat cheese but felt he has had better). I think its really the decor, service and great selection that makes this place great. The food is just an added bonus - if your hungry get something to eat its above average but not great.Cool concept but I prefer regular Tria.  The wood-fired flat breads are very nice menu addition compared the Tria.  The beverage list is quite lacking.  I never have the issue at the normal Tria as the menu is very extensive but at this location I was #strugglin.  While the wines I tried were good, I get kind of tired of drinking the same thing over and over again.  I almost wanted to walk a couple of blocks over and just go to the old Tria.  
The space is quite nice and inviting.  It's dark and even sexier than the original.Fantastic beer list, and one of the most beautiful tap walls and over all interior build outs.  The "fries" were incredible. Taleggio truffle fonduta smothering the potatoes. Also the flat breads were very tasty and fresh. Service was quick and friendly.  
Can't wait to go here again.
Definite stop for any craft beer lover or foodie.I"ve been here a few times, but most recently, my husband and I made a last-minute decision to get a beer and a snack on Valentine's Day. It was a cold, winters night and we wanted to get out of the house for a little while. Well, it was great! We got a table for two immediately at 8:30pm on a Saturday night. We ordered two awesome beers- they were having a sweet special on sours, wings that were covered in salsa and gorganzola, and the Valentine's Day cheese spread. It was all perfect. 
The only thing that I didn't like was the iPad ordering system, While I like the ipads in theory, they made my fingers feel so, so dirty. I wonder what can be done about that?I'm one of the biggest fans of Tria. Three locations and all with their special touch. Tria Taproom is great for chill laidback get together / catching up with friends. 
Got the Pinot noir and chef hooked me up with 1/2 and 1/2 flatbread of Kenneth square (fontina, wild mushrooms, zucchini, red onion, red pepper flakes, truffle cream ) and fennel sausage (smoked mozzarella, roasted shishisto peppers , marina, pistachios). Completely on point. What more can I say ??
Vibes here are always so warm and welcome. Even got complimentary still / sparkling . Definitely recommend for anyone who wants to kick back, dive into good eats, and enjoy good company. 
So what are you waiting for ?!!Great flatbread and the wine/beer menu on a tablet was really cool. The ambiance was also greatI tried to get on here with my girlfriend on saint party's day. They refused us to get in and passed the buck because we were wearing orange green. Meanwhile others wearing green were allowed in. 
Tom(manager) presented many empty apologies and greg(bouncer) did nothing but interrupt, discriminating us on our clothing  no matter how polite we were (and we did not want to go to Irish bar next door) they would not let us in whole allowing others who were more visibly intoxicated in. They even had the gall to say "go next door, you'll have more fun"
I will never come here or any other tria locations until further notice.LOVE! We came here on our night out in Philly and I'm so glad we happened to wander in. We snagged two seats at the bar and enjoyed some delicious beers. 
I love that the menu is on an iPad and you can get all the info you need about each beer (or wine or cider.) 
We ordered some sort of flat bread that had an egg on it and it was so good. We've tried to recreate it at home but can't get it right. We definitely over indulged but that's what vacations are for right? 
Next time we're in Philly we'll certainly be swinging through.One of my favorite spots to go. If you like beer and high tech menus this place is for you. The menu not only offers you a great description of the beers on tap, but it tells you how much is available before it's kicked. This is a great indicator of what is popular and what you should start drinking. Not the biggest place, but we never have a problem finding a seat and betting comfortable. Actually worth getting e-mails from this place for specials and events.Don't go here. My friends and I were denied drinks because the server believed we were intoxicated. We are a group of 30 year old professionals who wanted a relaxing experience with drinks. The manager tried to give us gift cards to apologize but stood behind his server, who clearly was not very bright. 
The manager explained that he was concerned for our safety getting home. Silly.I think I was too hyped about going here and so I walked away dissapointed. First, the drinks were ok. There weren't that many selections and there is NO HAPPY HOUR. That really got to me. Second, the food is not the best. I got the fries and they turned out to be small potatoes with cheese. Not satifying. 
I recommend the original and true Tria. Have always had a great there!Tria Taproom is one of my new favorite places for a late dinner and drinks! The ambience is very trendy and sophisticated, with dimmed lights and a sultry music mix. The menu consist of snacks, soups & salads, sandwiches, and some decadent alcohol infused desserts. The coolest part of the experience at Tria Taproom is the iPad that is used to display the current beer and wine on draft. Everything was fairly priced and the portion sizes were decent. The baked artichoke & spinach dip with grilled flatbread is a must have. The mahi-mahi tacos are also quite delicious, served with a cool chile lime sauce on the side. I definitely recommend trying out Tria Taproom for a casual dinner, drinks, or even for a date!Tria holds a special place in my heart. 
The taproom in my opinion has it all. There is a wonderfully eclectic, constantly rotating beer selection (which is perfect for me since I'm here WAY too often). 
The food is GREAT in general, but the burger? IT IS THE BEST EVER.
I recently went on a burger kick and drug my boyfriend/friends around the city in an attempt to try all of the best. After many stomach aches and greasy fingers later, I believe I found my favorite. This burger really has it all. Perfectly seasoned meat, cheese that doesn't get in the way, plus a side of crispy onions that one must top the burger with. I dream about this burger almost every night. It single-handedly gets me through my often strenuous work/workout weeks. I live for this thing.
Nothing says the weekend like a burger and a good beer, and again, this place rocks it out. So if you are craving perfection go here!This Tria location is one of my go-to bars, since it's never too crowded and always features a large, great selection of beers, including at least 1 or 2 sour beers, which I particularly enjoy and are still somewhat rarer elsewhere. 
The food is pretty good, especially fondue potatoes. I've had a few sandwiches here that were great, except for the bread, which was always really hard to eat.  
But what I truly love is the complimentary sparkling water!Love it here for a quick bite on a weeknight! Delicious and different! And the beer selection is to die for! I definitely suggest the Pistachio Herbed Ricotta with Lavender Honey from the bruschetta portion of the menu! Amazing!The place was very sleek and modern. The beer selection was great and they even had cocktails on tap. Never seen that before. My boyfriend and I came for the drinks but we also had the fries and they were really good.Ate there alone on a lovely June evening. Fabulous service -- the kind that is attentive without being intrusive or overly energetic. The music is a little loud -- hard to have conversations. The iPad menus -- a fun touch since they change the offerings so often.  The crab cake is something I'll pine for.    Rosie and Philip -- awesome staff, bravo!Drinks only
My new favorite Tria's, the one at Rittenhouse.  
Tessa behind the bar was great, very helpful and suggesting we taste before we decided.  They had a great selection of wines and drafts.  The Toccalmatto Zona Cesarini, an American IPA made in Italy (yep, you heard that right) was fucking amazing.  I never saw nor had that one before, and I ain't no IPA novice!  The smell, the taste, the pleasant passage over my tongue, was heaven to me.
I loved the tasteful decor here, the jazz playing at perfect volume in the background, everything about this place.Finally got to goto this new Tria this past week and it did not disappoint.
The opening was hyped up and it recently got on the Zagat list of top 25 most innovative bars (wine on tap, ipad menus).
The ipad menu is a novel feature and allows you to read about each tap and also to see exactly how much is left in each keg of wine/beer.  One recommendation is top perhaps have a "top 5 best sellers list" so we know what is popular.
The chocolate porter I got was delivery and served in a very nice sized goblet.
Food wise: we pretty got every item on the menu.  Some of the highlights are the wood seared octopus appetizer, it is perfectly seared, tender, but not chewy.  This is not your Applebee's fried calamari, there is very little grease/oil on it, and it comes as a giant tentacle with some seared charcoal on the edges to give it a pleasant aftertaste.
The chicken wings are served with a lime pesto sauce that is to die for.  The portions are very reasonable also.
We also got one of each flat bread for our dinner.  The best one is the duck with the cherry fig sauce, but the Kennett Square mushroom one is also delicious.
This Tria is also unique because it is the only tria with a wood grill oven that serves hot food.  Apparently, it is already the busiest Tria which is not a surprise.
The service was fast and non intrusive as expected.  No one in our group had an empty glass of beer or water for more than 5 minutes in our entire 2 hours of dining/drinking.
I wish this Tria would start up a "Sunday School" like the other Tria soon so I can come back on a more regular basis.So far I have only tried the drinks at this new Tria outpost but I fully enjoyed them and their new ipad system. It is cool to be able to look online in advance and see if the drink you are interested in has a good stock. I got to have some special beers and the pricing and variety on the wine look great. We didn't try the food since we had lots of cheese at home at the time but I am looking forward to the flatbreads for sure. Hopefully they start taking tria points cards soon.Love this place!!!! Delicious food with fun options on the menu. And the beer is great!! Warm atmosphere with wonderful staff. Highly recommend!!!Amazing service!!! Great tap selection!! Cutting edge food!!! Go now!!
Beautiful atmosphere, friendly service, BF and  I loved it!After having really enjoyed visits to Tria Rittenhouse several times over the years, I decided to give Tria Taproom a shot on a recent visit to Philadelphia.  My personal experience here was far less positive than most other reviews.
While the space is aesthetically appealing & they have some nice craft beer and wine available, the bartenders treated me quite poorly.  For some odd reason, they seemed to take pleasure in making snarky comments to me.  And an item that I was told that was going to be taken off my bill, was not.  They ended up removing that drink, but continued to make additional snarky comments to me.  It was rather busy, so perhaps they were just a little too stressed out.  But nonetheless, it was an off-putting experience that I was surprised to receive from the Tria family.I don't believe I've ever critiqued a bar, but here goes. This place has good beers and knowledgable staff but management is very weak.
Before NY eve, I asked if the bar would be open to regular customers who are not buying $90 event tickets. Although I was assured the bar would be open all day and evening, it turns out it was closing at 4:00. We arrived about 3:30 for the Tired hands beers which were to be available. Instead, we were told to leave at 4:00 because even the bar seats were sold for the event. I politely complained but the manager never bothered to speak to us or apologise for the mix up.
Not feeling the urge to return.If you're into wine, you'll love this place! They have a great wine selection that is always changing and really delicious food. The last time that I went my friend and I ordered several dishes to share, but the ones that really stick out in my mind are the mac and cheese with cauliflower, the Vietnamese-style grilled pork belly and the wings with green chile sauce and gorgonzola. Everything was cooked perfectly and incredibly tasty. I would suggest trying to make reservations if you're going in the evening or on the weekend - this place gets super packed. It can be a little difficult to carry a conversation, but you'll be more concerned with stuffing your face and drinking the awesome wine anyway! Definitely recommended.Excellent burger.  Pretty good beer.  The iPad that tells you about the beers is kinda cool.  Great staff.An excellent addition to the Tria empire of Philly! 
There were about 6 of us and we were lucky enough to get a table at 7 during Philly beer week. A taproom miracle! 
The draft beer and wine lists were pretty extensive. They included a great selection of everything! I loved how they handed out ipads to view the drink selections. It helped to include nice details about everything so you knew exactly what you were getting. 
We then asked our waiter to help us with some of his favorite menu selections and he didn't steer us wrong. Everything we tried were very tasty. One dish stood out for me...the octopus. Now, I love octopus and I will say that this may have been the most tender octopus I've ever tried. Absolutely order it if you love octopus. After the octopus, I really enjoyed the po boy poppers. Great flavors and a perfectly fried oyster. Delicious. We then tried two flat breads. The mushroom and the duck. Both were really good. As a lover of sweet and savory, I really enjoy the duck more. 
All in all, I was impressed and can't wait to go back. This is a great place to grab some drinks and food with friends to spend or start your night!Amazing food, beverage, service and server recommendations. I just had the my best beet dish and dessert beer EVER.In one word: sexy.  Tria, this is my new favorite venue of yours. Well done.
Far from your standard bar, Tria Taproom is chic, sleek, and ahead of its time.  No chalkboards, tap propaganda, or televisions.   Everything is black, chrome, and sultry.  A treat for the eye, and that includes the bartenders.
Like most reviews I will express my praise for the tablet menus.  I pretty much always google beers prior to ordering, and the tablets do this for you.  Click on the beer you would like to read about and learn its tasting notes, abv, etc. 
Ideal for a first date (or pretend first date, for you couples) and mingling.  Tria sets the mood so you can enjoy craft brews and hors d'oeuvres like a VIP, day or night.I love Tria West and Tria Taproom get more of my love (and my $!) but certainly has a different vibe.
Who doesn't love being handed an iPad preloaded with the wine menu?  The menu here is mostly flat breads, salads and cheese plates.  My friend and I ordered a salad, the mussels, a flat bread and the bean spread... which was a huge amount of food!  The portions are a bit bigger here than at the other Trias.  Service was a tad sluggish but I attribute that to it only being open for a short time.  That being said, we had loads of servers doting on us, clearing plates and refilling our glasses.  Seating for groups larger than 4 seemed a bit awkward but for 2-4 looked comfortable.   Its  a lovely spot.We were out wondering around and ended up at the Dandelion across the street from  Tria...after sitting at The Dandelion for 10 minutes with no service we decided to walk across the street to this cute little place, and we definitely weren't disappointed! This place was so cute and welcoming, the wine selection was awesome and the waitresses were very helpful and sweet! We didn't get any food but the cheese plates looked amazing. The prices were also very affordable. I will definitely be going back here next time I'm in Philly! The neighborhood Tria is located in is a lot of fun to walk around in also, tons of cute stores.My family and I enjoyed lunch at the Tria Taproom on 09/13.  Thank you Yelp and fellow Yelpers for helping us find this neighborhood gem that is truly worthy of its positive ratings.  A special thank you to Emily our server and Rosie our bartender.  The two of them worked as a team to ensure the  very excellent service you should expect to receive.  Both knew their menu, including drinks, and were happy to make recommendations based on their personal experiences with the menu.  
Our table shared the fried calamari, cauliflower mac and cheese, smashed fingerlings and wings.  The calamari, mac and cheese and fingerlings were exceptional, packed with flavor.  The fingerlings were the best "french fries" I've ever had, very light on the "fried."  The wings were good, but if you're used to buffalo wings, these are not those.
I enjoyed the Burrata Flatbread.  The flavors were familiar, but with a flare of different.  The taproom beer burger and 3 cheese flatbread were also hits.  We topped off the meal with some Vanilla Rice Pudding, a light dessert packed with flavor, but not excessive sweetness.
The selections of beer and wine are the main reasons for patronizing this business so come, and enjoy, pair the right beverage with the right food, ask for recommendations, or just come for a cocktail.  You will not be disappointed in this warmly decorated, modern, reasonably priced small business.Love the concept. Love the mini tablets which let you order and see when the keg runs out of beer. I have come here like 3 times already. Really chill place to go after work or invite a friend. Solid choice for anyone trying to introduce people to Philly.
It is kinda small when you first walk in but it expands as you walk further. 
Never tried the food so I can't say anything on the food. It is a little pricey but you pay for quality.While the beer list will always be different at Tria Taproom, you know you are going to get something good and different than most spots in Philly.
Their beer list is unique and at times amazing (Hill Farmstead...squeals of joy!) Their list is most accurately found on their website and even has the levels of beer left in each keg they have an draft. They are also on Philly Tapfinder but their own website is in realtime.
The service has always been professional and knowledgeable. They know their beer and recommendations are always on point. 
I've only eaten there once but found their burrata flatbread to be tasty.
The beer prices are a little high, but you are paying for an rare, quality beer selection.
Tria is that bar that I will hold in high regards above the rest for beer. Cheers!After a long Monday, the wife and I decided to stop in here for some apps and drinks.  We arrived just after 7 and was seated promptly.  We were looking for a wine and cheese bar and opted for Tria taproom due to the reviews.
The wife got the portugal villages wine and I got the malbec, both on draft.  I liked ordering my drinks on the tablet placed at each table, it provided me with additional information on each drink, including the type of grapes and origin of each wine and or beer.  
We got the cheese trio for starters, we got the gruyere, the blue and the approachable (i forget the cheese name).  The blue and the gruyere were great.  
We got the mussels and the spinach salad next, the mussels were a little on the salty side and the proportion of goat cheese to greens for the salad was not quiet right.  However we did enjoy both dishes.  
We finished with the bread pudding and eggnog ice-cream.  The bread pudding was ok, not great, just good.  
The reason for me giving this place 4 stars was the service.  Our waiter was great.  She made sure we had everything we needed and was well versed on the menu, her cheese and wine reccomendations were on par.
We will be visiting the other Tria locations soon to see what they have to offer.I went here with my friend and she said it was one of her favorite places. We started with some beers and I thought it was very unique that you ordered it with an iPad. I asked for something dark and chocolate-y and the bartender was very helpful. He suggested a Dark Horse which was chocolate, caramel-y and blueberry-y. It was delicious!
For snacks we got the "fries". These were no ordinary fries, but were more like mini steamed potatoes. Seasoned and salted lightly and were were accompanied with an amazing dipping sauce. I'm not sure what was in the sauce, but it was addicting. This is a must get!
Flatbread: bread was toasted and baked to perfection. Perfectly thin and crispy. Visually beautiful to look at.
- Kennet Square: the fontina was so creamy and went well with the mushrooms. There was bit of heat and spice to it which I enjoyed. 
- Burrata: This was good, but I felt there was a slight overpower of cheese flavors. It was also a little more on the salty side. 
For desert, we ordered the brownie which was rich, smooth and worked well with the hot cake and cold ice cream. The crispiness of the brittle was a nice addition and it had a smoky element to it. My friend went to the bathroom at this time, in which I proceeded to eat the whole desert faster by myself.LOVE IT HERE, and my favorite of all the Trias.    I love the long bar seating as well as the huge tables in the back for large groups.  My favorite drinks are the rose and the extra dry cider.  The staff is also pretty knowledgeable about the wine so are able to help you pick out your new favorite beverage.  The food here is also excellent.  Who knew Tria could have such amazing ribs and flat bread pizzas!  (I highly recommend the breakfast pizza).  My new favorite bar to frequent.This was my first time at Tria. We came with a rather large group but the service was great. Our waitress was very informative and attentive to everyone. I ordered the po boy poppers and the mahi tacos. The tacos brought me back to my trip to Costa Rica where I had the best fresh fish tacos. With that being said I would love to come back with friends and try other dishes and beersThe service initially was excellent, and there may have been some confusion towards the end of the night when we had to flag people down for our check - but nothing that would mar the experience.
I had the Malbec. It was perfect.
My friend and I ordered a few plates to share and they were amazing.
The mac and cheese was über creamy but not overwhelmingly so. The cauliflower added a nice texture to it too.
Next we had ordered the Cobb salad which was really lovely; the wings which had a unique and truly wonderful flavor profile bordering on exotic and the crab cake. Everything was perfectly cooked, seasoned and in portions that are ideal for two people to share. 
The evening came to a close with the brownie. I wasn't a fan of the ice cream that came atop- but the brittle spiked caramel made my day. 
I will be back for certain.I really like the beer selection, staff, and service but the food offerings seem to not change enough I often find myself looking at the menu feeling bored.  I know that I am not a gourmet but I do like a little more variety from time to time.  
I do really love the mussels and could eat them every day.I love this place so much. Visited for the first time for snacks and drinks last night. Great beer list, I hate wine on tap so I didn't venture to try. The atmosphere was so romantic, dimly lit and cozy. The service gets A++ we were so impressed by our waitress. She was attentive, left us alone for the right amount of time and really let us focus on the meal. We had calamari which was delicious. Flavorful breading, shishito peppers, and delicious marinara. Also ordered the dip trio which we thought was good, they brought extra pita when it got low without us even asking. The truffle potatoes. OMG. Best thing I've had in awhile. Will be back as often as possible for those. Great night and great place.Food was terrible and the service was unprofessional and rude. Don't waste your time here.another great experience at Tria Taproom last week when I met a friend for drinks! The waiter recommended a great sour ale, and the burrata flatbread (delicious and shareable) did not disappoint. Can't wait to try the other Tria locations!Tria Taproom is a great place right in Rittenhouse Square. I've never eaten a full meal here, but the flatbreads are awesome - I recommend the vegetarian Kennet Square, which has mushrooms, zucchini, and red onion. The real star here is the beverages they have on tap, including beer, wine, and ciders, and I love the mini iPad they give you to browse their ever rotating selection. Service is always great, so the only difficult part is finding a seat in this small space!I visited Philadelphia for the first time last week, and found Tria Taproom browsing Yelp reviews. Went with a small group for dinner and wine; I was SO impressed with everything! 
Location/Atmosphere: 5/5. The ambiance inside is dimly lit with streamlined decor. The seating was comfortable--not too spaced out or close together. There were several options available for different sized groups. Tria Taproom has a really inviting vibe. 
Service: 5/5. EXCELLENT. All caps because our server was so nice, attentive, prompt, and gave amazing recommendations. Several other staff members helped our table as well, and they were equally impressive. 
Food and Drink: 5/5. Wine was amazing. (Sidenote: it's cool that the alcohol list is on a tablet. It's a nice touch being able to hover over a wine and read everything you'd ever care to know about it. One tiny suggestion for improvement: put pairing dishes on the tablet with each wine or beer selection?) We ordered several items to eat: cheese plate, fingerling potato "fries", burgers, and a pizza. The cheese plate we tried was delicious--I especially loved the balsamic vinegar jam that came with it as a topping. The fingerling potatoes were so nice: the cheese-y sauce they come in is very rich and mild, and the potatoes were cooked and seasoned to perfection. Our burgers were amaazing, as was our pizza! 
Overall: I loved Tria Taproom! Would recommend to anyone in Philadelphia.This is a great place for casual, but excellent dining. The menu isn't extensive, but there's something for everyone. I had the salmon and asparagus with the spicy potato fingerlings. From start to finish, this was an awesome experience!Met someone here for drinks and was very pleased. The space seems much friendlier and less confined than the other Tria location. 
Loved the flatbreads, saw a few other things on the menu and on other tables that I'd love to try. Not a super extensive wine list, but definitely great beer options. Draft drink lists come on a tablet and you can see how much is left in the kegs (not critical info, but nice to know).I was in Philadelphia for work so of course I yelped the best places within walking distance from my hotel to get a craft beer. This cute, taint, little place is a block from Rittenhouse Square. They have a nice selection of craft beers on tap. The beer list is on an ipad which shows a brief description of the beer. I love electronic menus because they are usually more accurate/updated than a pre-printed menu. 
I came on a Monday night around 7:30 pm. I ordered one of their beers draft and the fries from their menu. The beer was delicious but I was disappointed in the fries. Keep in mind, their fries are a bit different. Fries - smashed fingerlings, truffle-taleggio fonduto. 
If I'm in the Philadelphia area I will definitely come back; however, I'll be trying something different from their food menu. 
A good place to try out for a drink and a snack.Great Concept of having wine on draft and the ipad menu is a really cool way to get information on what your drinking and even know how much of the keg is left. Whoa! In terms of the food, I wasn't  really blown away although I only really tried 3-4 Dishes. The "Fries" which is a play on Fingerling Potatoes with a cheese fondue sauce is creative, but i found the spuds to be slightly under-seasoned. The mussels were quite good. The Wings with Green Chille Sauce was amazing (I'd go back just for this!!!) Finally, we also tried the burrata flat bread which was quiet moist and tasty. I love the diversity of their menu and will certainly visit again and try some more of their food offering. Customer service was excellent btw..My friends and I were visiting Philly for the weekend and happened upon Tria for a late night bite and drink. They serve small plates and are a wine and beer specialty bar. We had four plates and a couple of glasses of wine, and it definitely hit the spot. Tria has a very casual atmosphere but the food and wine are anything but. The staff were extremely lovely and helpful - and they're recommendation were spot on. We might be back again tonight. 
// CASH + CARD // 
Bring: your date or small group of friends.
Order: the lamb sausage with braised cabbage dish and a cheese plate! And definitely get a recommended wine/beer pairing. 
Skip: the attitude, Tria is casual and fun.Went to Happy Hour here for our weekly Date Night and it lived up to all expectations.   The HH beer list was short, and the Delco Lager uninspired, but the Pizza Boy Rye IPA was excellent, and HH snacks included an excellent Baba Ganoush flavored with black olives and served with toasted flatbread.  We moved on to a Deschutes Black Butte porter, chicken tacos from the HH menu, and a Cobb salad; every dish and the beers were served promptly and politely, so we were just happy campers. We didn't have to ask for water as we came toward the end of the evening, it just magically appeared as we got thirsty for it.   The price was reasonable, the ambiance relaxed, and the evening as good as it gets.I really love this place. The space is modern, sophisticated & sexy with great lighting. The service is superb, with numerous staffers cruising in and out to clear plates touch up napkins & the server was polite, informed, and on point. The attention to detail was impressive, they make you feel special & looked after without crowding you. The wine & beer list were displayed on an ipad allowing you to really learn more about them if you want to, perfect for an avid beer person! I had a lovely rose & they were more than happy to offer tastes and make suggestions. 
The food was delicious. The St. Louis style ribs were unreal and fell off the bone, The muscles spicy and delicious, the fries were comfort food at its best. I had the shrimp flatbread with huge prawns grilled perfectly atop garbanzo spread and peppers. I will def. be returning!Limited review, as we only had drinks. Tria Taproom (formerly Rum Bar), is a cozy little bar with plenty of seating. We stopped in relatively early for some pre-dinner drinks and the bartenders were friendly and attentive, with modern, simple decor that isn't overly distracting. The iPad menus for drinks are interesting, but I couldn't help but think of everyone's hands being all over it all day and wondered if they ever clean them - just me being OCD.
Otherwise, beers were tasty and the music playing was a solid selection for the crowd. Perfectly relaxed place to have a few drinkies.MMMMMM.... From start to finish, there was nothing I didn't like. We stuffed ourselves silly! Octopus, beet salad, spinach salad, mussels, wings, duck flatbread and ribs, plus the cheese plate (we told the waiter to surprise us). Each item was more delicious than the next. We had a red wine and a white to pair with our food that the waiter chose. Don't know, don't care, it was perfect! This is better than the other 2 Tria's  that we've been to. I think we had dessert, but I can't remember. So that must have not been anything to talk about. Roll me home!My colleague informs me Tria just made a Top 23 Hottest Beer Bars in the U.S. list.  Eh-herm, didn't it just open??  Maybe it's the iPad that remains on your tabletop throughout your dining and drinking experience, maybe it's the row of gleaming silver tap handles on the bar wall, lined up uniformly like soldiers, or maybe it was the most delicious Saison du Pont Farmhouse Ale I sucked down like the beer thirsty gal I am - but Top 23?  Yeah, I buy it.
Expertly crafted beer list aside, the food was just shy of excellent.  The wood-grilled octopus had all the makings of a perfect dish - one plump tentacle dotted with a chunky fruit and olive compote and crispy (fried?) arugula -but our octopus was so charred, even the flavorful "cherry lambic glaze" couldn't stand up to it.  No bueno.
I was certainly impressed by our order of Green Chile Chicken Wings.  Though my companion asserted there was not enough sauce provided, I felt the saucing was just right.  Notes of green chile certainly came through without overpowering, and chunks of bleu cheese and thinly sliced bites of celery adhered to each bite, providing a satisfying marriage of flavors and textures.  The wings themselves were meaty, crisp, and plentiful.  All in all, a very good dish.
Our third and final order of the night was the Burrata Salad.  When I see Burrata anywhere, I must order it.  Burrata on white bread?  Done.  The formula for a burrata salad traditionally includes one element sweet/fruity and one element crisp to contrast the creaminess of the cheese.  This burrata salad was ingenious - multiple elements of crispness served as vehicles for this most luscious of cheeses, and the bitterness of broccoli rabe was unexpectedly welcome.  I straight up can't wait to eat this again.
Big ups for professional service at Tria Taproom - our server was warm, knowledgeable, and answered our questions expertly, always with a smile.  He gave us fresh silverware and plates between courses, and food runners provided the same level of professionalism and attentiveness.
As we made our exit, wading carefully through a sea of power suits, we agreed that food and drink were more than enough to bring us back, most definitely by 5 pm on a weeknight to beat the crowd.Absolutely love the beer and wine at this place, and love how the list is ever-changing. There's always something new and tasty to try. The food is delicious and it's usually not too difficult to get a table or seat at the bar if you're in a small group. The staff is very nice and attentive for the most part.Delicious kennett square flatbread. The truffles were amazing (my first time to ever try the truffles!) -- perfect combination of truffles, mushrooms, cucumbers, onion, and bread. The softness and tenderness of the toppings complemented the harder pizza crust perfectly. The 3-cheese flatbread was good too but a bit too cheesy for me (too much of that ricotta). Mussels appetizer was good too, a bit spicy. 
Nice, intimate and romantic place, pretty crowded. Service was great and very kind. Interesting interior, with fancy-looking wines, tables, and candles, but the walls are wooden and concrete with old, crumbling pieces - reminiscent of a bar atmosphere.Things I love about this place:
1) great beer selection on tap
2) the service is phenomenal. Just the right amount of attention without hovering
3) the food is consistently delicious. If you haven't tried the Kennett Square flatbread, do it next time you're there
4) happy hour specials!My husband and I went here on a date night and everything was excellent. The food was fantastic (I had the burger, definitely get it with the bacon addition) and the service was impeccable. Great great spot.Great selection of beer! Great Ambiance. If I'm back in Philly, I'd definitely come back. But the Cheese Curds, while a popular item, Not my favorite for some reason. With that was said, when the waiter asked us how everything was, and I said "meh". He took the curds and comped them off the menu. Despite us saying we'd pay for them. So yea. You get your star back. Get the Weizenbock. Amazing.I saw that PBW was going on again, so although I was not able to be in Philly for that, I wanted to update this based on a more recent visit from a few months ago.
A lunch time visit during a weekday had a good number of tables filled and some bar stools taken, but certainly was not slammed which it was when the first review was written.  The bartender was very friendly, attentive & knowledgeable about the craft beer that Tria was serving.  Which is great to see, not every craft beer bar gets this right.  
While I did not order any food, it looked very good & will be ordering something from the kitchen the next time that I visit.  I believe that they have a weekday lunch special with 2 courses for $14-$15; great deal for a nice place.  Eating that and enjoying a glass of craft beer from their well curated draft list is something that I look forward to in the future.I went here twice last week. Tria Taproom is a reliable place to enjoy wine and good eats. I had the beet salad and Riesling which was delicious. 
The iPads are a bit hokey as they offer info about selection with wine descriptions but offer no advanced features such as quick quizzes to find the wine you'd most like or fun facts about the wine in stock. The iPads seem more of an afterthought than an actual asset to enhance consumer experience. 
My two complaints: 1) The layout of tables seems off. Tria could redo the layout--especially in the back. The bench in the back and long counter in the center-back is not the best utilization of space. 
2) The front tables are great yet the draft from the front door is quite chilling so I don't recommend sitting in the front during winter. Management could easily fix this with an effective curtain by the door to keep the heat in.Great option in Center City for beer, wine, and food. If you need to please a crowd of any variety of tastes, this should be on your list.
The vibe is definitely chic: it is modern, clean, angular, and sophisticated. Low lighting, neutral wood and metal accents throughout, and eclectic playlist on the PA. An impressive array of stainless steel tap handles lines the main bar; you've got your choice of a pretty incredible variety of beer, wine, cider, and soda here. There isn't a bottle to be found in the whole place. No TVs either...no distractions from the tastes.
The food menu is very much the same as the decor - clean and simple. Flatbreads, salads, cheeses, snacks (which range from cheese-covered potato fries to lump crab cake, and everything in between). This isn't half-hearted pub food, though. Real artistry is evident in plating and menu design. All flavors complement each other.
The star of the show here is the beer, however. The list is incredibly well-curated. There's a reason it was ranked as one of RateBeer's top 100 US Beer Bars. The staff is great, as careful attention is paid to pour techniques, and every bartender can lead you to a great choice if you are feeling overwhelmed and need help. Each beer is served in style-appropriate glassware - tekus or German pints.
I love this spot as much as any in Philly, but the only thing keeping me from giving it a full 5 stars is the pricing. I feel that they could be dropped by at least $1-2 on every item - both food and drink. Don't get me wrong, I've got no problem paying for quality...but here, it really adds up quicker than expected. This would be an "everyday" neighborhood spot for me, but I can't quite afford to do that yet on the current menu! The cheapest snacks are $7.5 and not quite sizable enough to share. Drafts range from $5 for "standard" offerings up to double digits for rarer stuff. I'd say average price is $8-9/draft beer. Flatbreads are around $13 each.
Overall, a really fun and exciting spot for center city that I recommend 100% as long as you are willing to pay just a little bit extra. I am happy it's so close to home.Beer Stop 137
-----
I loved the "old" Tria and was excited to see that Tria opened a new location. I haven't been back to Philly in a few years so I made sure to check Tria Taproom out right when I landed.
As far as beer is concerned, the tap list was awesome. The tap list hits most major styles of beer and even though there are no bottles, you can certainly find something you like on tap. Most of the beer had east coast roots, which was perfectly fine; some standouts were Flower Power (Ithaca), Kushy Clouds (Sole), and Early Breakfast IPA (Dunham). As you can see, Im a big fan of IPA's.
For food, we tried the wings and the cheese board. The portion size was large, perfect for sharing.
Yea, the price is a bit on the higher side. However, I feel the price was justified based on the quality of food, quality of beer, and quality of service.LOVE this place! A bar/tapas place that screams hipster yet does not put me off. The beer selection was ample and thorough, with descriptions of each beer on tap and the amount they have left of it. I opted for a local brew--a Victory ale. My bf, also known as my non-drinking, permanent DD for life had a root beer, and our friends had a variety of beers. I ordered the po'boy appetizer, which was absolutely delicious, but a shame that only 3 pieces came out and there were 4 of us. Although the tapas were expensive the drinks were a deal! For the four of us, we barely broke $30. My bfs root beer was only $3 and they gave him a free refill. My beer was a meager $5, the po' boy appetizer was around $9 and our friends'a beers brought us up to around $30. 
We even got to stay as long as we wanted way past last call. Sweet service and great beers, both local and international!  A winner for me.Cozy, intimate, very inviting. That's what I immediately felt when entering Tria Taproom. I went there for a small impromptu birthday gathering with just three other people, and we had a blast. Their flatbreads were warm and delicious. But the one thing I loved most about this place was their menu.
Putting aside for a moment the wonderful small but perfect selection of beers and wines they had on tap. When I said I loved their menu, I meant the actual physical menu handed to the customers. The menus are repurposed iPad tablets - which I have seen done elsewhere too - and always get a kick out of it. I really admired their ability to integrate the electronic menu with the actual availability of their drinks in real-time. Don't you hate picking something, then having the server tell you they're out? With this menu, you actually get to see how much of something they have left. I found it to be really innovative and fun.
This place is great to enjoy with a group of friends and still works as a perfect last stop for a nightcap on a romantic date night. 
Go and enjoy!This is by far my favorite Tria location and I find myself here more often than I'd like to admit (slacking on the check-ins). I'm a big fan of the menu and love that it is the perfect size for sharing. Of everything I've ordered here, my favorites are the po' boy poppers, mac & cheese, Kennett square flatbread, and Fennel Sausage flatbread. If you're a red wine drinker, go for the Sangiovese.Went here for dinner around 730 on a Friday night with a group of 4. Since they do not take reservations, we were pretty apprehensive about getting a table. Surprisingly, we got seated in 15 minutes. Which was incredible since there is absolutely no where to stand to wait and there were only a handful of tables. 
Love it: "Fries"  - incredible truffle-taleggio funduta; fish tacos - great bang for the buck & philly roast pork flat bread
Leave it: Po'boy poppers - it was pretty greasy and the oyster really gets lost in the remoulade.
Overall experience - it was nice but nothing special. I highly prefer the washington square Tria location due to space and menu selection.Servers ignore you, limited bar seating, no order to seating people at the bar as others leave. Stood there for an hour got one beer.  If its full keep walking, not worth the wait.Went there on a Tuesday, I was with a friend who is very hard to please. Elyse the server and Alex the Food Runner did a great job! The service there was top notch. The food there was appropriately price and so was the craft beers. They do not have your basic coke/pepsi products, if you need them. They definitely cater toward the adult crowd so if you are planning on bringing children or teens I would recommend some place else. Kennett Square flat bread is awesome!Great place with good food. Everything on their menu looked so good but we finally decided on a couple of different things so we could try a bit of everything and of course everything was amazing. The fried cheese kurds and the spinach and artichoke dip are a must! The cheese kurds are lightly breaded and come with a really good dipping sauce. If you're a cheese lover there are several cheeses to pick from depending on what type of cheeses you like and they also bring you fig jam, honey and blueberry jam when they bring out the cheeses. The flatbreads were so delicious! We got the 3 cheese and a 3 cheese add prosciutto and they weren't skimpy with any of the ingredients. The service was great and I can't wait to come back so I can eat some more cheese kurds and try some more of their delicious flatbreads.Adding the spinach & artichoke dip to my list of favorites. Also pretty bummed that they no longer have the Sangiovese, but our server suggested a few other reds and even let us try two before deciding. Perfect spot for wine night with the girls.my go to place, solid food and exquisite beer selection.   Bartenders really know their stuff, coupled with chill atmosphere.Fun, casual spot- great place to go to with coworkers during lunch, which is usually when I go. Recently, I went to lunch here with my dad though, and we both really enjoyed it. We each got a tomato soup and split a burger, which came out quick and with a smile. All and all a solid spot to visit!Tria Taproom - what a great experience! This place has the ambiance and service to match the delicious food and drink! The décor is modern and perfectly laid out; it has a cozy speakeasy bar kind of feel. The drink selection is mega with all beer and wine on tap as the name implies. You can browse the selection via an ipad and check out how much alcohol it has and a brief description. The servers are attentive and really relaxed about everything. We had the truffle fries, duck flatbread and kennet square one. Everything was delicious and creative. It's even priced well for a city bar! I can't say enough good things about this place. I will be back next time I am in Phili.Went here midday on Saturday this past Memorial Day weekend so it was super easy to get a table
I'm a huge fan of their entire repertoire of locations (even the recently closed Tria Wine Room as I'm lazy/work in Univ City and the location was perfect!)
First off the decor is sleek and sophisticated--they obviously know what they're doing
Dark wood, edison bulbs, glass & stone, rich textures--very warm and inviting with a large table in the back corner that lets in a lot of natural light, great eclectic music playlist that is at a decent volume but not so blaring that you can't have a conversation
I digress...
You get handed a nifty iPad of the draft list which you can think click on each item to show you taste information, alcohol content and how much is left in the keg etc Very handy vs me googling beer advocate to figure out what the style is for each beer
I was extremely impressed with the carefully curated collection of beers--its not everyday you can find a gose and a few saisons on tap 
I also drink/make a LOT of beer (untappd clocks me at 250+ different craft beers) so I like finding a draft list with completely new to me beers outside of the everpresent Allagash White --prob one of my least favorite beers and its on every stinking craft beer draft list from here to CA! anyways all of the beers that we ordered were excellent
Even tried a recommendation from the waitstaff (a belgian blonde) and it was great
For food we ordered two different flatbreads
I got the kennet square mushroom flatbread which was covered in a scandalously rich truffle bechamel and my husband got a brussel sprouts and ham with carmelized onion
Delicious!! It was a tossup because both were really really flavorful and fresh tasting
Overall I would definitely come back to this place
Great beer, great food, great ambiance, great service and decently priced--what more could you want?!Went here for a late dinner date on a Saturday night, after 10pm. The restaurant had the perfect amount of patrons for an intimate date, the space was beautiful and the ambiance was just perfect. 
The food presentation was lovely and everything was delicious! We shared cheese curds (yum!) and I had the Crab Cake Sandwich with Sweet Potato Fries (absolutely perfect!) and we shared the brownie sundae. That was fine, not superb but not bad either. I drank the Jungle Bird cocktail, that was pretty delicious also. Strong and good. My date had the tuna burger (he liked, I thought it was just ok) and a really strong beer that he enjoyed. 
Our server was phenomenal. Middle aged gentleman, I wish I knew his name but he was just great. He made for a really great experience there. Everything came out quickly and there was just an impressive flow to how they brought out dishes, refilled water and replaced utensils. Everything was perfectly timed.  I loved the restaurant and everything that it had to offer. My date picked the perfect place and I cannot wait to go back!LOVED Tria!! 
We went here a few weeks ago and had the Duck Flatbread and the Burrata flatbread. They obviousy have a great beer selection and a nice variety of lunch/dinner options. I would like to go back and eventually try one of each of their flatbreads because they are so delicious! The ipad ordering is progressive and cool to see how much beer is left in stock! The inside is casual and rustic, we really enjoyed the barrels as seats and the exposed beams. Service is friendly. Will definitely be back for more flatbreads!Been here three times now once for brunch and twice for dinner. Every time has been met with exceptional service and food.  The beer and mixed drink menu is fantastic.  Tons of micobrews that are tough to get anywhere else in the city, let alone the area.  The atmospher is great, and the pricing is super fair.  TI must say, I was SHOCKED and so impressed when the owner contacted me privately to discuss these incidents, apologized profusely, offered up a plan to help prevent this in the future, and invited us back to his restaurant. 
After taking a break from Tria, I've been back twice in the past few weeks (saturday afternoon, and weekday happy hour). As always, the food was on point. But this time the service was also absolutely incredible. As long as the service remains so much improved, I'll definitely be visiting Tria again regularly.My favorite bar in Center City is the original Tria Cafe. So I was really excited to try this place. The Beverage choices are great. I didnt try any food but it smelled good the people that had the mussels really liked them. Although my overall experience wasn't great, You should still check this place out.
What I liked: The host staff and wondering waiter's were very pleasant and welcoming. The beer list is great. The beer and wine were good. The place is clean and easy to get around. Everything but the bar itself is cool and has a good vibe. The food esp. mussels and flatbread looked good. The Music that was playing was great.
What I Dis-liked. The bartenders were very cold. Not approachable and no small talk. They took our order and gave our drink and no other talking was had. They gave us a food menu but never asked if we wanted anything. The bar itself is also cold. It looks cool at first  with a marble back drop but after sitting for awhile you realize it is as cold as the bartenders (On the night we went). The bartenders didn't do anything wrong per say, however.  The iPad beer and wine list is nothing impressive. I learned nothing more from the iPad than I could have if it were written on a regular menu. Its a cool idea but just doesnt get through. And for you Tria regulars  They don't accept the "Tria Card".
Overall, I think that this place is good if you are sitting at a table but not at the bar. They have a great idea here they just need to make it seem more welcoming and friendlier and accept the Tria Card. My experience may have been different if we had more engaging barkeeps.
However, after talking with staff from Tria they were very apologetic and understanding about my experience and I thank them for reaching out which warranted another star.I always end up here when I don't know where else to go in a pinch. Not saying it's my second choice because it is definitely worthy of a planned night out with friends or on a date night. It's my favorite of all the Trias probably because it's so intimate and they have wine on tap! 
Of all the times I've been here, I've never had an actual entree, but I hear the burger is pretty good.. I usually enjoy getting a couple tapas and picking through them so I can try different things. There are so many good things on the menu but let me point out the duck flatbread, the mussels, and the calamari! Mmmmm. I haven't had anything that I could say anything bad about. 
If you are a root beer fan, you must try it here. I also often linger over to Irish Pub next door after a few drinks ;)With a very cool atmosphere, a bunch of craft taps, and wine on tap too, Tria Taproom is a hot spot for the beer enthusiast.  I would say that the typical beer bar I attend is a bit broken in and old school.  Tria Taproom takes your typical beer bar and modernizes it, by creating an atmosphere of dark woods and shiny stainless steel and giving patrons an ipad menu to peruse the taps.  
The menu is a small bar menu without your everyday bar food.  It features gourmet flatbreads, exotic cheeses, and a lot of vegetarian appetizer options.  We enjoyed the fennel sausage flatbread and a side of roasted asparagus.  The flatbread was on the smaller side but was super savory and satisfying.  Accompanied by 2-3 beers, this was a fine filler before we attended a Helium Comedy show.  
Tria Taproom is already buzzing on America's list of top craft beer bars, so you get yourself over there before the secret is out!I came here for happy hour after work one night. It's a small place but we somehow we were able to get a table. 
The service was top notch. Before I could finish my drink they were back asking me for another (probably why I got so tipsy). We had a few drinks and apps. The mushroom flatbread was incredible. I highly recommend. A great place for drinks and appsReally cool restaurant located in the heart of Philly. It's a contemporary place offering a very sophisticated menu with ingredients not commonly found in your everyday foods. Every adult beverage is tap poured from their brews to wine. The staff was great and I look forward to my next visit.This review is for the drinks/atmosphere, both were great! I especially loved the win selection and even tried some wines I never even knew existed thanks to the recommendation of the waitress.  I can't wait to return to impress my friends with my wine saavy :)
I will say don't expect to come here and be comfortable with more than 5 people.  We had 6 and our sixth person barely had any space to sit and we had one of the biggest areas in the restaurant.  Save big groups for the Tria on Sansom.German oak smoke on tap...sealed the deal!   Great place to come before or for dinner!When you first walk in, Tria Taproom appears to be the most yuppie bar of all time--a hostess check you in with iPads at the door and offer to take your coat.  Then you see the coolest and most minimalist bar you have ever seen, in Philadelphia at least.  The bar is almost too cool and trendy.  
After you have had a drink at the bar you walk to the back of the restaurant and are seated and immediately notice how loud Tria is... After a few drinks this become comfortable background noise. The waitress was very nice and brought out appetizers--we had a flat bread and mussels.  The mussels could have been an entree given the enormous portion and the flatbread was delicious!  I had come off a train and was starving so I had a burger as well, that was fantastic. The roll that the burger comes on was perfect and the burger was cooked to a fantastically juicy medium-rare.  Fantastic!  
Great beer and wine selection, you wont be disappointed!Beer selection was great and I like the menu where you can see how much of the keg is left online before you even go there.  The food options look good.  Although I wasn't a fan of the service.  There was only 2 customers when we went in during the afternoon so you should expect that the service would be great.I want to marry Celso. Seriously! Cute, attentive, and firm?  Sign me up!
We were looking for somewhere to have a bite to eat and some decent beer AND wine. A wine friend suggested Tria. I was excited to find Tria Taproom because I'm a beer guy. It did not disappoint. 
We showed up on Saturday night and had a moderate wait for a table. The beers were great and the wait was not bad. Then Celso showed up. He offered us a lovely appetizer, gratis, for our wait. Once our table was ready, Celso had our drinks brought to our table. 
The food was delicious and the beverages were quite satisfying. They were even kind enough to comp my IPA because the keg was kicked. Through it all, Celso was attentive and accommodating. 
I plan on returning to Tria Taproom anytime I am in town. I have no connection with Celso (yet..god willing), but the owners of this place should know that he rocks!  We had a great time!Everything we ordered are very tasty. Mushrooms flatbread and bread pudding are especially good. The only reason I gave 4-star is because the produce I'm used to eat are from local California organics farms.Tried to go in on Saturday and they told us they were at "max capacity" so we hit the road. Finally stopped in yesterday afternoon and took a seat at the bar with a few other patrons shortly after the doors opened. Bartender was very knowledgeable of the beers on tap and pointed me in the right direction. He was right about the imperial stout have strong peat notes, which was different. I went with a "breakfast" flat bread that came out quickly and was ON POINT. Bacon, potatoes, fried egg, two cheeses, and more. Yum! That hit the spot. Didn't stick around too long, but I'll be back for more when the beer lists rolls out some new heavy hitters. As expected from the Tria folks, this joint is a strong contender for rookie of the year and will likely stick around for many years to come.came here for some late night snacks on a Friday night! Great atmosphere. The bartender was very friendly and made an excellent beer recommendation. The three cheese pizza hit the spot (love the ricotta!!!) and the cheese plate, while it could have been more creative, was very solid. I'll be back!Stopped in Tria Taproom for some late summer Sunday afternoon drinks and eats a few weeks ago.   Loved this place and have been meaning to review....We were one of only 3 parties in the place but it was a beautiful Sunday and most people were probably out enjoying the weather...the shore...etc.
Wonderful knowledgeable bartender provided answers on food and beer menus.  
Had the fingerling "fries" in a cheese sauce that was so good I wanted to put my finger in bottom of bowl and lick off finger but I remembered I wasnt wasted and eating cheez wiz at 2 am so I tried to some class.  Also had a fennel sausage flatbread...cant remember allt he ingredients but they need to sell the pistachios that were on it.  So good!  Cant wait to go back.I'm probably one of the three Philadelphians who has never been to Tria (yeah, I know) but I DID get a chance to check out Tria Taproom a few Saturdays ago.  My overall impression was that it is a really cool spot to hang out, relax, have some snacks, and drink some good beer.
We had a reservation but two of us (of a party of five) arrived 15 minutes early.  They were able to seat us within a few minutes and didn't give us the whole "we can't seat you until your entire party is here" nonsense... it was a +1 for service at that point.  On that note, throughout the night, service was excellent. 
Like many others have mentioned, all the beers are listed on an iPad, which gives a description and the percentage of availability.  I thought this would be cooler than it actually was.  I was feeling unadventurous and went with just a Allagash Witbier-- heavy winter beers aren't really my thing--- but the others in my group enjoyed their selections.
As for the food, there are a number of small plates, flatbreads, and cheeses.  This is definitely more of a "snack" place rather than a "meal" place.  We tried a sausage flatbread and some cheeses (with accompanying honeys/jams/etc), all of which were very tasty. 
The prices are on the higher side, but this is Rittenhouse.  This wouldn't be an every night of the week destination for me, but I think it is a perfect location for a small gathering of friends that want to enjoy some quality beverages with some quality snacksGot drinks but unfortunately my wife spilled a beer on me.  One of the waiters gave a tide stain pen ad they took an app off the check.  Needless to say great service here and I love the expansive beer and wine list.Great food and I probably the #1 first date in the city. The staff can be aloof but still love going here. All locations have outdoor seating which is a huge plus.I really really loved Tria Taproom. I don't write reviews often but I had a really great experience here tonight and felt compelled to share. My group was meeting for a friend's birthday and the birthday girl wanted to go to a wine bar. Someone suggested Tria Taproom and I was the first to arrive. I rarely go out without a reservation so I was a bit nervous. I walked in and the hostess greeted me right away and was incredibly friendly and accommodating. I was so relieved. She set me up with a table for seven people which I was not expecting at 5:30 on a Friday. 
I personally loved the wine selection available on tap but others I was with felt it needed more variety. For me, it was perfect. The interior was beautiful. It was intimate without being claustrophobic. The food menu looked exciting and right up my alley, but our group kept expanding and we decided to move on before ordering food. 
I was sad to leave so soon and am already making plans to go back!  Thank you to the amazingly nice hostess!We celebrated a birthday in Philadelphia and we were also one evening in the taproom and we had an awesome time there. All waitress were very friendly, the food was from the apetizers to the desserts excellent and we enjoyed the fabulous beerflight very much. 
Thanks a lot for the great evening!I am such a huge fan for anything Tria....and it holds true for this new location.
I stopped in to grab a drink and catch up with a friend. Had a great time sitting at the bar! I love the space and it is a serious upgrade from the previous Rum Bar. The taps behind the bar are exciting and unlabeled (at least to the customer's eye ;) ). It gives the place a casual sort of elegance. Lots of table space in the back which I am sure I will be using in the near future.
I couldn't help myself and ordered two appz before going home to eat dinner. We got the mussels and the grilled asparagus with truffle vinaigrette. Both were delicious.
What I thought was most impressive about Tria Taproom was the amount of attention we were given by the bartenders. GREAT service. I'll be back soon to try more!Though the moniker is Tria Taproom, Taproom really stands alone--it ain't Tria.  And that's okay.  Welcome, even, for a less intimate, more rowdy experience.  (In other words, if you think your date might suck, take him/her to Taproom.)
Since Chris is manning the show and he can do no wrong, service was impeccable.  And get this...coat check!  Purse hooks!  Details that make winter, with all its bulky accessories, more manageable.  
With my coat whisked away and my purse safely stowed, I perused the menu.  The food menu is pretty diverse...everything from bivalves to the usual excellent cheese selections.
But I had good company and we were hungry.  So I basically ate myself into a food coma like a dirty pig.
The only (slight) miss for me was the ribs.  Fatty (globs of it) and just not swoonworthy, though a perfectly good dish.  The sauce was fantastic, you could tell that they were trying, but I guess I'm just a barbecue snob.  Growing up in Alabama will do that.  
The octopus, on the other hand, was astounding.  Not chewy (!!!), charred and smoky, tender and in my happy place.  Octopus is hit or miss at a lot of places but not here.  
There were a couple of flatbreads thrown in.  The smoked duck one was my favorite, though the Taproom Ham was also quite good (though an ingredient or two could be subtracted and it would still be divine).
I really like Taproom.  It's not Tria but it doesn't pretend to be.  It's gorgeous, welcoming, and full of all the good shit that Tria always has but with a slight twist.
A welcome, fun distraction in a block of bad pubs.Excellent selection of unusual wines, comfy seating, plenty of space to relax, gorgeous atmosphere, and cheerfully attentive service. The wine is served in gigantic glassware. No poky little cheap nasty stuff here. Even when you ask for a taste of a wine, they get it to you in those giant wine glasses. 
The wait staff is attentive without being intrusive. There is music playing but only loud enough to hear it, not loud enough to drown out your friend's conversation. This would be great for a date night or for friends meeting up.I had the pork belly sandwich and the fingerling potatoes. My friend had the beer burger with bacon. Good food and service. I would go back and recommend it to others.Excellent wine and beer (and I am a snob with regards to both). The food and vibe are also excellent. Only negative is it is a bit pricey, but, whatever. :)I really wanted this tria location to become one of "my" places for a few reasons. It's only a few blocks from where I live, they have a solid selection for wine/beer, and I love their broccoli cheese soup. Unfortunately, we had 4 bad experiences in a row so I won't be going back to tria again. 
Incident 1: My sister was visiting from out of town so we went to tria for lunch with her husband and my fiance. They forgot one of our meals. I was sort of embarrassed because I had talked tria up a lot to my sister, but these things do happen...except at tria they happen a lot.
Incident 2 was definitely the worst- We arrived at Tria at 12:25 on a Saturday knowing that we needed to be in an uber at 1:30 to get to an event. There were maybe 1-2 other couples seated, so it was basically dead when we got there. My fiance and I ordered 2 beers, 2 broccoli cheese soups, and 1 flatbread. At 1pm a different server asked if we'd like another round of beer. At this point about 5 tables had walked in and several of them had received their food. I explained we had been waiting for half an hour for our 2 soups and 1 flatbread. This server did try to make things right-he apologized profusely and said the soup would be out in 5 minutes. We got our food at 1:18, but we had to leave at 1:30 so we didn't enjoy it at all and we were really sort of angry that although the guy who ended up taking care of us couldn't have been nicer, it really really irked us that the guy that completely forgot about us when there was no one else in the restaurant looked at us when the guy who fixed it went to ask him what happened and he never came over to us and apologized. My fiance, was ready to be done with tria after this but I convinced him it was just a mistake, even though it'd happened twice...
Incident 3- My parents were visiting and I thought my mom would like the wine selection. Thankfully the service was fine, but the food made my fiance very sick and he was in the bathroom for most of the day after lunch...he really never wanted to go back after this, but I convinced him to give it one more try (I really do love the broccoli cheese soup...)
Incident 4 was more just the final straw than an incident. Last weekend we went to tria in the afternoon on Saturday- Again, it was dead because it was pretty early still. We were seated and then nothing else happened. No menus or water...after over 5 minutes of just sitting there a couple came in and sat at the bar and the guy standing there (who happened to be the guy who forgot about us in incident 2) said "Let's get you some menus" We just decided to get lunch somewhere else and we left. 
I wanted to love Tria, but the service has been so exceptionally crappy too many times without a good reason or a genuine apology. There's too many awesome restaurants that are in the same price bracket as Tria and are within a few minutes walk of Tria to deal with that.I ordered these:
Fries with Truffle-Taleggio Fonduta *** $7.50
Crispy Calamari *** $10.50
Füchschen Alt · Altbier *** $8.50 (11oz)
*** The fries were great with the truffle sauce.
*** Okay calamari. 
*** My drink "Füchschen" means "little fox" in German. 
【Recommended】
I came here with friends around 11pm on a Friday. Walk in, no wait. They have over 20+ beers on tap. I love the iPad menus. We are finally in the 21st century. No more paper menus. The app will list the price per size, availability, origin, producer, and alcohol content of the drink. I will definitely return to try other taps.Popped in for a quick beer during happy hour, ended up staying for four. Nice atmosphere, didn't have any food but it looked lovely!How about this, Tria? Why don't I just empty my wallet and give you all my money? I see what you're trying to do here, so we might as well do it the easy way.
Tria is basically my favorite place to eat, so it was only a natural next step that (for my sake) they open a new place with a bit of a different menu to allow me to expand my horizons.
They are taking this "taproom" deal quite seriously - every beverage in the place is on tap! And the beer selection is extremely well curated. I've tried a couple new ones that are absolutely unique and delicious.
While the wood-grilled octopus could use some perfecting (a little tough and not as flavorful as I hoped), the duck flatbread was a grand slam. I thought the flavor profile might be similar to the duck salad at other locations, but it was totally different, and thanks to the mix of strong gorgonzola and sweet cherry-fig mostarda, it was better than I could've imagined. Seriously, eat it. Oops, just drooled on my keyboard.
Basically, I am looking forward to spending all of my monies here.Sat at bar -felt very comfortable. Bartenders very helpful in selecting drinks-great food, casual intimate atmosphere with fun music. Had mussels & mac & cheese-delicious!! Highly recommend. Would have 5 stars but when first sat at bar-the smell of old dishwashing towels hit me. Kind of off putting-but I think I was sitting near dishwasher. If sit in middle of bar or at table would not be an issue. Great place to go & will definitely be back soonThis was one of our first stops in Philadelphia. After arriving from New York one of our first missions was to find a nice relaxing place to grab a drink. This spot was just the place. Loved the variety of both beer ( to fit my fiancé taste) and wine ( to fit mine). This location provided a cool and modern menu which provided you with specific details about origin, alcohol constant and more for all their beer, wine and cider. The atmosphere was also pleasant with dim lighting and soft music. A great way to welcome us to this beautiful city.Sat at bar -felt very comfortable. Bartenders very helpful in selecting drinks-great food, casual intimate atmosphere with fun music. Had mussels & mac & cheese-delicious!! Highly recommend. Would have 5 stars but when first sat at bar-the smell of old dishwashing towels hit me. Kind of off puttingGreat concept by Tria.  I loved my bartender Chris (I think?).  He was knowledgeable and friendly.  And he had some high volume to deal with.  Food is traditional Tria fare.  While I wish they had more focused meals, this is worth the time to visit...especially on a weeknight when you can engage the staff.Soo good! Great beer selection and awesome service. Randomly found this place and it was perfect. Really liked the burger and flatbreads.I was here for the first time last night and loved everything about the place!
I had the Parma flatbread which was delicious. In fact, it was hard for me to decide what to eat because everything looked so unique and appetizing! 
I loved the decor and the dim mood lighting which gave off a trendy and warm ambiance. 
The service was great, and the staff was attentive, helpful, and friendly. (And super attractive)!
AMAZING selection of beer and wine. I'm a stout kind of girl, so I was happy to see a good representation of those on the menu. I had the Bell's 30th anniversary as well as an oatmeal stout. Super impressed with both. 
This is the perfect place for a date, or a night out with a couple friends. 
I can't wait to visit this place again!I love the concept of Tria's taproom. The bar does not have any bottled drinks and only serves what is on tap. This includes craft beers, wines, and ciders. Their menu is displayed on a tablet at the table. The interactive menu app shows you which drinks are currently on tap, a little bit about the drink, and how much of the drink is left. This is an interesting feature that allows frequent visitors to prioritize which drinks they want to try and those that they can save for a later visit. I wish we would have had a better server who was more engaged and able to provide recommendations from the menu. The brunch menu pairs well with a lot of the beers on tap. We ordered the Cuban, the beer burger, and the "fries", which are lightly fried smashed fingerling potatoes served with a truffle-taleggio fonduta cheese sauce.So before I write my review, I want to make it very clear that I have only written one review prior to this.  That review was because I absolutely fell in love with a resort that I stayed at and felt the company should be applauded for their efforts.  
As far as this restaurant is concerned, I'm done with this location and all locations.  I was once a huge fan, always convincing people from out of town and even local friends to stop in and check it out.  However, when a group of friends and I went to check it out tonight, we were told that we could not be served because we were too intoxicated.  I'm giggling as I write this because there were 8 of us and 50% of the group hadn't even had a sip of alcohol all day.  The other 50% hadn't even had a chance to speak before we were told we had to leave.  
Don't get me wrong, I've done my fair share of drinking in the past and there are times that I probably should've been cut off or thrown out of a bar, but this wasn't one of them.  When I asked the manager what his general concern was or what it was that prompted him to stop serving us, he couldn't even give an answer.  His only response was that the waitress felt we were endangering ourselves.  Let's keep in mind that the only time I met her was in 5 seconds when I asked to order a glass of wine and that is when I was told that I was too intoxicated.  
Overall I can't blame the manager.  He was doing his job by protecting his employees and offered us gift cards for our terrible experience.  We didn't take them because it's not about the money.  However, he or whoever is in charge of hiring may want to reevaluate their staff.  We were there for no more than 2 minutes before 8 of us were told we needed to leave.  I can tell you right now, that not only will the 8 of us never return, but several others will never frequent that place or other locations once I tell them about our ridiculous experience.
Hell, one might call it profiling since we had green on for St. Patricks Day and the waitress was in a bad mood.  Whatever the reason, it's rude and entirely inappropriate.One of my favorite places in the city. Go here. Excellent wine selection and excellent flatbread pizzas. Order the burrata. You won't be disappointed. It is small inside, so you may wait for a table if it is prime-time, but they will serve you even if you are standing.Sunday Funday at it's finest.
What's not to love about Tria in any capacity? Whether you're at a table, at the bar, in for a drink or a full meal, the service is always impeccable and the flavors top-notch.
Definitely grab a spot at the bar at this location and enjoy any of the many wines and beers on draft. Zack and I had a few Dale's Pale Ales (one of my faves) and shared a cheese plate, which was accompanied by delicious spreads and fresh crunchy crackers. 
I know it sounds silly, but I always feel special when I spend time at a Tria. They truly appreciate their customers.Went here for dinner and drinks after a comedy show at Helium. Awesome service, food and drinks! Must try the wood fired wings and duck confit flatbread. They have wine on draught ... What?!?! Atmosphere is intimate, would be great for dates or friends catching up. I would definitely recommend checking this place out.Saturday night looking for a chill spot to people-watch Halloween-style. Tria Taproom offers plenty of seating with a great draft list in a bit of an upscale setting (for a beer bar).
Although the bar comes off as a little pretentious, the ambiance and service is quite nice. As noted, the great part about this place is the iPad they give you that lists out all the drinks in great detail. Beer ranges from $6-9, with quite a variety of styles. Large food list as well, but since we already ate settled on the Brewers Brownie ($8) - a warm rich brownie topped with a porter ice cream. Delicious combination of flavors.
All in all a satisfying experience to end the night. One thing that would be cool is if they added a square reader to the iPads so you can order/pay from there. Not completely necessary, yet the system seems already in place. Definitely worth another visit.Indulgence with minimal-ish guilt! Came here with a friend around 5:30 and was seated by the open window during a sunny day. This is one of her favourite spots in town and she recommended splitting two small dishes and a flatbread! Everything we got was unique without being overpowering- the mahi tacos, green wings, and Kennett Square flatbread. Of the three, I enjoyed the mahi tacos the most as they were less heavy than the two other dishes. The other two were also quite good though, and the wings are my friend's regular order. Would definitely come back to try some other small plates!Perfect for happy hour or date night.
Tria Taproom isn't like the typical happy hour spot you find around CC; there's no TVs/chalkboards/stale beer smell like the place next door (sorry, Irish Pub). It's clean, sleek, and classy. The wine and beer list is brought to you on an iPad, which I love because you can read into more detail about each choice.
The food is just as good as the drinks. I've tried the Philly Roast Pork flatbread (mozz, provolone, broccoli rabe) and the Kennett Square flatbread (mushrooms/truffle puree/fontina). Both are amazing, and they have so many more awesome selections that I want to try. The fries with truffle fonduta are to die for. Very addicting.
Love this place!Update: 1 year later, visited Tria Taproom again. This place is still excellent! 
This time, we tried a couple of the flatbreads: 3 cheese and the Parma. Both were delicious; the 3 Cheese is divine. The combo of each of the different tastes and textures of the cheeses, the basil leaves, the tomatoes, and hint of spice, was excellent.I can see why this place is so popular at night. Made it during happy hour and it was still busy on a Wednesday night. Great service, great ambiance, and great drinks. They hand you a little tablet with an app loaded that tells you a little bit about each beer/wine, as well as how much of it they have left on tap. Good selection, and good times.Great place. Better than all the Tria's!! The service is great. All the food is great, I recommend the taproom ham flatbread, kennett square flatbread, po' boy poppers and octopus. Space is great and I love the mini iPads that serve as the beer and wine menu. You can see what's on draft, read a description and see how much is left in the keg. Cute bartenders and tidy neat bathrooms!! Outdoor space available. Loud inside but decor is relaxing and simple.TL;DR - A beer lover's paradise, great food and they even have wines on tap for your friends that don't do beer. Tria Taproom lives up to the Tria predecessors.
If you're looking for a great beer on draft...you probably know about this place already. But seriously, if you don't, you can see a live feed of their 25 drafts on their website. Go see what they have and how much is left, because any beer lover will find something good (and often something they've never tried before).
Thankfully, this is a good place to grab dinner while you're drinking, and you can do get a good meal without breaking the bank (for Rittenhouse standards at least). I really enjoyed the burger at $14 - "Beer Burger" - Chimay cheese, beer pickles, Beer-naise sauce, side of crispy onions. However, my go to has been the flatbreads, ranging from $11-16. I prefer to get one per person for sharing. They've all been good, but I think I like this one the best - Burrata mozzarella, provolone, garlic spinach, balsamic onion, lemon zest. They have cheese, soups, salads, snacks and "medium plates" too.
If you're bringing along someone who doesn't drink beer, they apparently have 12 wines (on draft also). So, if you've tricked someone who loves the other Tria's in town into coming here, they might just stick around even if they're not drinking beer. I can't speak to how good the list is, but since it's Tria, I'm sure it's pretty great.Cool ipad ordering system, nice ambiance. Not for families or groups and small portions, but otherwise good! Nice drink options.I am bookmarking this place for casual date nights, catch-ups with friends, and impressing out of town guests. It's just too cool that you can choose your drinks on an iPad AND see how much is left of each barrel AND all the info you would want to know without having to ask your waiter and feel like a dumb-dumb because you can never remember what words to use to describe the wine/ beer  you like (Hint of blueberry? Crisp? Just give me some alcohol, please!). I imagine the wealth of information on the iPad would help move along conversation whether you're taking your Tinder relationship public for the first time or you're like me and running out of dinner conversation with your partner of nigh on 6 years. Sometimes you just need a little somethin somethin to get the verbal juices going and in lieu of art on the walls, "Whoa! Drinks on an iPad!" is a great start while you wait for said drinks.
It's also very helpful and awesome that the food is AMAZING. It's all pretty shareable except for the burger, so again - how perfect for dates or good friends. Stir up the romance or camaraderie by bumping knuckles as you reach for some "snacks" or "flatbread", Tria Taproom's two main menu sections. The flavors are ON POINT. The combinations are creative yet familiar. It is a dinner to remember in a casual, downtown-cool atmosphere and I thoroughly enjoyed sipping my beer with my pinky up.
Top two food recommendations: Po' Boy Poppers (the memory of these causes me to salivate, which may or may not also have to do with oysters being an aphrodisiac) and Duck flatbread (seriously, please try this because the flavor combination is just too perfect).Man, the waitress really knew about the beer, not just telling me to read the descriptions.  I sat outside on the sidewalk seating and enjoyed watching people pass by on a nice night.  Met a B list local celeb and had a great conversation with some nice people at the table next to me.  In short, my atmosphere rating was great.
I had the beet salad, they need to put more goat cheese and nuts and a little less bitter greens and fennel on it.  For being a beet salad, it felt unbalanced away from the beets.  I know the cheese is probably the most expensive part, but I had 3 dime size pieces, not enough.
I had the duck flat bread and I liked it, however it was very rich and needed something to cut the rich fattiness of the flat bread.  Best to split this with someone else and have them get a lighter flat bread as well.
A GREAT place to get great beer.  One of my favorite beers of all time is the Saison Dupont and they had the dry hopped cuvee on TAP, which I have never seen.  Awesome, I recommend this place highly.  A touch of refinement on the food side and they are a 5 star.I like the concept of having the Ipads when for ordering your beer even though I'm not sure it's completely needed.  I am surprised that the menu isn't just right on the Ipad too; it's just the beer.  Regardless, I think it's cool, but this review is about the food.  We tried the ribs, the octopus, salads, and a flat-bread.  Luckily, I had the ribs to my self, as I am a bit protective over my rib rights.  My wife enjoyed her  Kennett Square flatbread along eventually switching over to wine, which also was set up on tap.  It was packed in here on a Saturday night, but we had no problem waiting a few minutes until the bar opened up.  I have always been a fan of Tria and I think the taproom fits well into the family.Love it here. Good food, nice atmosphere, and if you go during the week you can usually always get a table without any wait. One of the better burgers in town.We stopped in here for a low-key Sunday Afternoon drink. The bar itself is sleek and modern, with ample seating. The bartender and bar back were helpful and pleasant.
The iPad beer list was novel and gave interesting information on each drink. The  po boy appetizer tasted exactly like a NOLA po boy except in bite sized pieces.  Good place for a quick snack, no so much for a large satisfying meal.
Don't be intimidated by the look, although it is classy, everyone is very friendly.I like the food,  and usually find good drink choices,  but JFC ladies.  The hen house is making my ears bleed. As much as I love Tria,  I can't take the decibel level.  I have left multiple times after one drink hoping this was just a fluke.  It's not.  Pad those walls with tp and velvet, put down carpet,  and anything else to absorb that noise.  A cozy and sultry vibe would be a huge improvement IMO.  I suppose I'm just and old goat that values being able to hear my friends rather that the screeching people at the tables crammed near by.I really like this bar. It's a great hang out spot however, I was there last night and saw MICE running from the bar. Yes, it's the city but this is unacceptable. I won't be returning until the owners fix this issue.What an amazing taproom!! The taps were varied and covered the three different tastes in my party, plus we all got to try a few things we had never had before. Also, make sure you check the tablet menu over the course of your meal!! When one keg kicks, it is immediately replaced and the menu automatically updates!
The staff were all courteous and worked well together; the waitresses and bussers were all polite, had a smile, and were prompt. 
The food was amazing. We did apps and shareable plates, and kept them coming. Everything was delicious and reasonably priced. The flatbreads are loaded with good food, no skimping out here. The broccoli beer cheese soup is incredible. Spinach artichoke dip caused a religious experience on my part. Servers brought out extra grilled flatbread for the dip without being asked. The cheese curds were well cooked but we found the glaze to be too sweet. The "fries" were out of this world and covered in gooey truffled cheese. 
GO here. Enjoy it. The ambiance is amazing and I will definitely return.Even in the early beginnings of its existence, Tria Taproom did not disappoint.  There were no kinks to work out or issues to improve upon.  Tria Taproom is as amazing as other Tria ventures.  I might even say more amazing to some.
A cold December lunch brought me here.  Perhaps because it is 1 block West from the action, the place was a bit quiet.  That is fine because I had time to check out their menu and their tablet (yes tablet - they are so techy) of wine and beer on tap.  There were so many good options, but after the wait staff offered me a sample of the Gose, I knew which direction to go.
My partner Amanda C. and I sampled a number of plates.  The octopus peaked my interest, but the olives made me think twice about ordering.  However, at the recommendation of our waiter, we decided to get it anyway.  It was the perfect dish, made better by the tart cherries and smokey olives. Do I like olives? We need to reassess this situation and I have the dish to thank for that.  We also had the wings with green chile sauce.  They were so crispy and with the perfect amount of spice.  Buffalo wings who?
Lastly, we tried the Breakfast flatbread.  I don't really like flatbreads much to the chagrin of my dining partners, but I figured it was covered in bacon, so what the hey.  If a flatbread were to change my opinion, it would be this one.  I just wished the egg on top was a bit more runny.  This is what I am complaining about?! - the ever-so-slightly overcooked egg?  Such a minor complaint - feel free to judge.
Service, as with all Tria establishments, was impeccable. Tria should teach other restaurants how to exist since they are, what I believe, the standard to hold all restaurants and bars to.  Simple food done well, with a kind and knowledgeable staff.  Oh and you don't have to pay $200 to get an amazing experience.
I already have plans to return tomorrow.Came here for lunch (the $14 two course deal) and had a great experience. It has a tiny outside that's easy to pass by (we actually walked right by it) but it's beautiful and simplistic inside. 
We came in on a Friday without a reservation and were seated at a high table. Our order was taken pretty quickly, and we got the beet salad and spinach artichoke dip to start, and then the fish tacos and pulled short rib sandwich. The spinach artichoke dip was incredible, as were the tacos and short rib sandwich. The beet salad, unfortunately, was over-dressed and way too vinegary. I wish I didn't have to take off a star for that, but it was pretty disappointing. 
But, it was a really great meal, save for the salad, and I hope to be back sometime soon.Excellent taproom, not only beer and wine, but what I really enjoyed were several ciders on tap.  Plus, nice plates of food like grilled asparagus, mussels, keeps you seated at the bar for another round.  Outstanding design doesn't hurt either.Great trendy place! Our bartender Jami was wonderful. He took the time to provide us the history of the place as well as recommend beverages. They gave many beers and several wines on tap. Great place and atmosphere. You definitely need to try it!After my last visit to Tria I have been slightly more impressed along with annoyed. I asked my server/bartender to beck the balance on my gift card and all was well. I ordered an app and a glass of Riesling still doing well. I ordered an entree another glass when I was halfway done my falafel wrap and desert. She decided to make a comment on how I was spending a lot because of the giftcard which was unneeded. Breaking this next part into sections. 
Food: the calamari was delicious I wish there was more calamari or it was served in a smaller dish. It felt like I was missing half the dish. I also thought the sauce was bitter and wish it had more balance. The falafel wrap was good halfway through to make more consistent maybe smaller falafel balls to help distribute the veggies. I'm still waiting on desert sooooooo. 
Atmosphere: modern, busy, music is a weird mix. 
Staff: lovely but not so much I don't appreciate snide comments. Along with critiquing other guests behind the bar. 
Overall: I'd come back for the food not the service.Seriously, that orange creme soda is the best soda EVER!  I would have been more than happy with the soda and one of their amazing looking flatbreads.  Unfortunately, I had just eaten some awesome chicken fried rice at Square on Square.  
The server at the taproom was much friendlier than the waitress at Square (meaning i.e. friendly, accommodating, and full of suggestions).  The music was eh...once the shins came on I was happy.  
I tried a cider that was tasty and had three different red wines: the local Cab Franc was my second favorite, while my favorite was the grenache/syrah blend.
Left in a great mood, and had a perfect nights sleep thanks to my first boozy snowstorm of the year.Went to tap room as a group of 5 last night for apps and drinks. The hostess was very gracious in accommodating us all, as we were a relatively large party for a small taproom.  Our waiter was equally generous and attentive. We had an assortment of food from breakfast pizza to chicken wings, the food was good quality and creative but nothing particularly special. Great venue for a night out with friends. Will definitely be back!Hipster vibe: bearded waiters in plaid shirts and skinny/straight jeans in an industrial chic interior accented by Edison light bulbs.  
Seems like a cute date place though it gets way too noisy to really hear the other person.  
Lots of different beers on tap.  Tried the: 
Evil genius turtle power grapefruit pale ale - bright hops and citrus.  Very yummy. 
Food is good. Tried the:
1) beet salad - good single portion with plenty of beets.  
2) St Louis rib appetizer - sweet and just shy of fall-off-the-bone.  Still had some nice teeth to the meat.  
3) 3 cheese platter - had thus as my dessert.  Good selection of cheese but after dinner, it was a bit heavy (of course I went for the heavier cheeses too, so...yeah).  
Great service. Amiable staff.I was excited to try Tria Taproom because I frequent Tria a lot and it surpassed my expectations! The service is great as is the selection. The IPad menus are a nice touch and very helpful. I have had a chance to try a lot of the menu items and all of them are amazing. My favorites being the Burrata Pizza and the Red Beet Salad. With the great service, awesome look and nice ambiance I end up here a lot and love it!Food: 4
Decor: 4.5
Ambiance: 4.5
Service: 3.5
Value: 3.5
Good and diverse food that pairs well with their incredible beer/wine list. Outdoor seating is a no-go with the smokers from next door hanging out 2 feet from you.Decent atmosphere, not too distracting decor. Limited menu selection for vegetarians. Beer list is minimal and fairly pricey. I prefer the Tria on 18th Street in the "French Quarter" near Rittenhouse Square. (Better food, nicer atmosphere).My recent visit to Tria Taproom was entirely fortuitous. What my friend and I originally planned as dinner at Village Whiskey (long, long wait) instead turned into my first Tria experience.
We were immediately seated on a Saturday night, which was so fortunate because I seriously was not in the mood to snack on Shake Shack. 
Tria Taproom is a wine bar and their tapas-style appetizers are perfect for sharing and getting full off of. We ordered the spicy garbanzo puree ($7.50) and the burrata flatbread ($13) along with these huge Belgian (or German?) beers, which were also pretty cheap. 
The spicy garbanzo puree was delicious; our server even brought us more grilled flatbread to finish the remaining dip we had left. The flatbread, which we had a tough time deciding, was also the perfect amount of crispiness and weight (don't you hate it when the toppings fall off?). The flavors of the food and beer all interacted harmoniously. 
It was a successful dining experience overall and I'll probably be back. I look forward to visiting the other Tria's, too, in the near future!I have been coming, off and on, to the taphouse for two years. I am a huge fan of the Rittenhouse location and also a huge fan of beer...seemed like a good match. And a lot of things were good: The physical space is beautiful, the taps often had rarely circulated beers, and the duck flatbread was a ridiculous indulgence. That said, it often felt like an outpost; a marriage of available, good Tria staff who were stationed at this outlier for a time. The food menu, although good, didn't scream "craft beer," and there was a feel that this was a bit of a project. Well, the project is over, and it is a striking success. Although the duck flatbread is gone, sigh, the menu is more coordinated and brilliantly executed against the craft beers available. The tap list is consistent and the service(per Tria standard) is well-educated and efficient. I now leave wondering why I don't come more often. This place is now a must visit location for beer and food fans; it has matured beyond an outpost into a destination.Love love love this place. Wine selection is awesome as well as the beer! Never had a bad cheese here either. Could sit at their bar and sip wine and eat cheese all day long. Then maybe get a nice chocolate dessert to end the dayIf you remember the gaudiness that was the Rum Bar, then Tria Taproom will be a breath of fresh air.  The dark wood/white wall combo makes this place a super cozy winter spot for drinks.  
The service was stellar and I was impressed with the use of an iPad menu for beverages, which lets you know how much of the keg is left.  While there is a hefty beer selection on tap, I wish there were a few more wines to choose from, but then again, that might be what the original Tria is for, right?!
We enjoyed our appetizers tremendously - the fish was delicious and the "fries" were out-of-this-world, especially the sauce (seriously, I could eat the sauce by itself).  
We sat at a table by the front window, which was somewhat drafty being so near to the front door, but I wasn't terribly cold (and I'm always cold).  Great place for a chill night out.  Seriously, Philly can't go wrong with Tria anything!In my opinion, this is the best beer bar in the city (yes, even better than monk's). Incredibly diverse draft offerings, and their food is excellent as well. Great ambiance and service.Worst cocktails we've ever had- they were undrinkable and we had to leave them after just a few sips. Also had a mediocre cheese plate. Way overpriced for the quality. Wouldn't recommend given the number of other good options in the area/in Philadelphia.Beers, wine, and cocktails on Drafts ? Sign me up. It was a unique being at a bar that had most of their drinks on tap while having a tablet to read the drink's description. The tablet was a nice touch. Don't get me wrong the bar tender seemed well informed in his drinks and mixology skills were dope as he garnished and dripped some lemon in Martini or vesper type drink. The prices are a tab bit higher than a regular bar but the drink selection is not from your typical drink menu.
It was moderately busy going on a weekday, which is a good time to go to avoid the crowds. Did not get the food but they were labeled as "snacks" and I can tell why. The dishes looked a bit small when other parties near us ordered them. All in all, it was a good chill spot. Plan to go again when I am more available. DueceTria has been on my list of places to hit up in Philly for so, so long. Was generally impressed by everything here but not blown out of the water.
-Ambiance is understated, simplistic, and classy. Perfect for a sophisticated evening or lunch!
-They have a special lunch deal-- $14 for a first and second course. Such a steal!
-Drinks list is extensive
-This location does not have the "cafe" menu offerings. Thus, the food options are limited but what they do have tastes fantastic
-Tried the Kennett Square flatbread with truffle oil, mushrooms, and veggies. It was so, so delicious except didn't really love the texture of the flatbread. It was a little too crispy for my taste, but the flavors were strong and the truffle oil really came through.
-Wines were fantastic. Loved the Riesling.
Would love to try another Tria location (esp with the cafe menu... need the truffle egg toast dish!) but this place is fantastic. Esp for the value associated with LUNCH-- get a glass of wine and indulge in the cheesy treats!Great place. Their wines are always fresh because they used tap system rather then opening a bottle, which may be open for multiple nights in a regular bar. Their beer selection is fantastic, however they still have yet to fully utilize the iPad. Although ahead of most bars their system is a little bit clunky in that it does not show you the price and some very important aspects of the beer while you were looking at the menu. Thankfully the service more than makes up for any deficiencies in the iPad system. Pro tip: if you are very temperature sensitive I would recommend sitting toward the back, otherwise there is a bit of fluctuation during the most extreme winter chills.We returned to Tria Taproom on Friday, still grieving that our regular Friday night date spot had been unexpectedly shuttered.  We arrived near 10 and assumed we'd have a wait, but we were led right to a table in a non-congested area near the back. 
We got the Garbanzo Puree which was spiced well and they kept the pita coming.  Also loved the Burrata salad, full of unusual veggies that were perfectly prepared.  And our Kennet Square flat bread was another winner. My chardonnay went down easy.  
Service was attentive and unintrusive.  
I was more than happy with my experience this time, I left full of great food and wine, and more optimistic that I can one day find a new regular spot. And I'm so happy that they seem to offer late night dinner. Will definitely be back often.Sure, it's overpriced and full of posers, but the beer list is amazing!
Just be careful with those 10%+ ABV options.My husband and I loved our experience at Tria Taproom. Not only do they have fantastic beer and wine lists with local selections that change throughout the year, but they have iPads that actually give you details about all of the drinks and as well as helpful servers that discussed our drink preferences with us and helped us pick wines and beers that we both loved. My husband had a local beer they were featuring that isn't offered anywhere else in the city. The food was also awesome - we shared some small plates and flatbreads, all of which were excellent! It's a classy, intimate space, and though it was pretty crowded on a Saturday evening, the wait time for a table was brief and the service was very good.Tria really a great spot, and should be a must if you're visiting Philadelphia. Their tap selection of beer, wine, and cocktail is unique and really good. There were many beers on tap that I hadn't heard of and were very delicious. I ordered on of the tap cocktails I didn't care for but I think that's just personal preference. The steak frites I had for dinner was excellent and the potatoes complemented nicely. Above all else the service was amazing, the bartenders were very attentive and knowledgeable and could not have been betterTria is and will always be one of my favorite casual spots in the city. Tonight, I hit Taproom for some appetizers and wine with a group of friends. Staff, as always, were very accommodating, kind, and efficient. Our server was knowledgeable, timely, and committed to making sure our needs were met. We shared the "fries" and two orders of the cheese curds (not sorry). Cheese curds were insanely delicious and I would order them every time; "fries" however left something to be desired. I do wish they had a little heat to them, but for $7.50 they were a good deal. Had the Malbec on tap and it was light with nice tannic flavors.This place is great to meet up with friends for beers and a bite. I love the industrial decor and the staff is always very knowledgeable. Our server, Michael, always gives the best suggestions and the service is fast! Definitely a cool place to hang!Stopped by Tria Taproom to begin Thanksgiving Eve festivities, here are my highlights
 - Warm & inviting ambiance
 - Real time tap availability via iPad
 - Great draught selection
 - Good spot for small groups or dates
And the one lowlight
 - Your iPad won't let me take obnoxious beer fueled selfiesFries and chicken wings are good! Nice place to have a drink with friends~ also had duck flatbread, good but not fantastic~ glass of wine relax us after study!Very impressed! To begin... Saturday night we were seated immediately and greeted by our server. The drink menu is on an iPad which is cool because it gives descriptions of the beer and wine so you don't have to ask all of the questions. We got our wine and beer which were both great and decided to share a bunch of food. We got a cheese plate, calamari, tuna tartare, and burrata flat bread. Everything was so.good. and it came out super fast! One thing worth noting was that we were out of bread for the cheese plate and we didn't even have to ask for more, our server just brought it. I was/am still impressed by that! Anyways, trust all the great reviews, because this place is really good- food, drinks and service.My girlfriend and I went to Tria last night for some drinks and dinner.  Got a table outside which was nice because it was beautiful weather and a little noisy inside.  The wine and beer selection was very good and most of our dishes were very good also.  Loved the beet salad and ham flatbread (minus the ham since we are vegetarian) and mussels.  The mac & cheese was just OK.
But what really stood out for us last night was our waiter - Logan.  When we first arrived he cleared out some space for us by the bar so my girlfriend could give her bad leg a rest and then he happily spent some time going over the wine and beer list for us .
Even more special was the way he treated us after a patron accidentally spilled some wine on my girlfriend.  The rude woman who spilled the wine offered a quick apology and then never even looked our way the rest of the night.  However, the wait staff saw what happened and brought some towels and asked if there was anything they could do.  Logan then came by and offered us a free round of drinks and dessert as a way to make up for the mishap even though it was not their fault at all.  Completely not necessary but very appreciated and classy.Great wine selection as is expected from Tria however it's so small and cramped inside. Really takes away from the wine vibe. It's the old Rum Bar so I wish they had waited for a bigger space to open up.  Opt for the 18th St or Fitler Square locations instead.I stopped by here rather spontaneously on the evening of 9/6/2015.  Sat outside at a sidewalk table while waiting for my daughter and her friend to finish up their meal at another establishment down the block. Had never been to or heard of Tria before, but the small plates and beer menus were too enticing to just walk by.  Glad I stopped!  Great craft beer selection (I had a 22 oz Hefeweizen and 16 oz Session IPA) and I also ordered both the mac-n-cheese and mahi tacos plates.  Everything was excellent...great food and excellent service (Emily was my server).  Total bill was $36.00 before tip, which wasn't cheap for just one person, but the beers, food, service, and outdoor sidewalk setting -- right by Rittenhouse Square -- made it worth every penny.  I kept texting photos of the food and beers to my wife, who was at home, and I think she was ready to hop in the car and meet me at my table.  Definitely will be going back to Tria Taproom soon!Nice modern space offering an extensive beer and wine list along with well-prepared food. I have had the crab cake, calamari and cheese curd. Crab cake  and calamari were both great although I was not thrilled with the cheese curds. Wife loves their cheese offerings. Servers are friendly, attentive and knowledgeable.Ended up here after another place that was suggested to us turned out to be a fail. This place is AMAZING!  We got the honey sriracha wings with the Cuban and we were quite impressed. More importantly, the beer selection was incredible! Definitely go!A few weeks ago the general manager, Celso, did a big favor for my fiancé and me. We originally met at Tria Taproom about 3 years ago. After getting engaged and deciding on an engagement photo session, we knew we wanted at least a couple photos at the table where we met in Tria Taproom. I realized that they do not take reservations, so after explaining our intention to be very efficient about it and show up at a non-peak time, Celso was more than happy to help us out. We showed up and just as promised they kept our table open for us. We only spent about 5-10 minutes there and then moved on for the remainder of our photoshoot elsewhere. We came back later that night to have dinner as a "thank you" to their restaurant. Dinner - as always - was delicious. After our meal they gave us a little surprise congratulations treat on the house! :- )  . I realize that they had to bend their rules for us a bit, but I think it worked out really well given the circumstances and that we minimally affected their flow that day. My fiancé and I really appreciated them going out of their way to accommodate us for something that was so meaningful to us! Tria will always be special to us for this very reason. Thank you, Celso to you and your staff!For years I have enjoyed the Tria, especially the one located at 12th and Spruce. The food is great and the beverage list well thought out and sure to please the beer and wine masses and enthusiasts.  Once Tria Taproom opened, my girlfriend and I took advantage of a super snowy, cold day a couple months ago to try it out.  It was late afternoon, we had been out stomping through the snow and slush and we were happy to find Tria Taproom practically empty and waiting for us! 
Little did we know that we would be deciding the very next day to become vegans and that this would actually be our last nonvegan meal!  
The decor is right in line with the other locations with added space and a little more modern feel.  Clean lines of taps that pour every beverage in the bar, iPads as menus, smart use of space to accommodate larger crowds, nice dim lighting, single candles on each table, good mix of bar space, high tops, table seating.  
Like I mentioned, the first visit we were nonvegans.  If you are not a vegan - you MUST eat the "Fries" (smashed fingerlings, taleggio fonduta); they are simply gooey heaven in a jar.  We also had the octopus and a couple flatbreads that were delicious and of course a few cheeses.  For a last nonvegan meal, we did it right without even knowing it would be our last cheese feast.  
Well, last night after a long work week, we really wanted a couple glasses of wine and a snack or two and of course, Tria immediately entered the ring as a potential Friday happy hour spot.  However, being vegan always adds a twist - were we really going to go to an establishment that touts itself as a "beer, wine, and cheese" institution?  I mean, a solid third of the place's purpose is off limits.  We remembered those cheese drenched (and amazing) fries, and everything (or so we thought) that's covered in or focused on cheese.  
So we did what every newby vegan does - we called Tria at 5:45 on a Friday to ask if they have any vegan options.  Now that phone call should/could be grounds for a very rude and dismissive answer, dripping in "are you really calling THIS place on a FRIDAY during happy hour to ask about vegan options?"  To my delight, the extremely pleasant woman that answered the phone replied "I'm a vegan myself and we have several vegan options and other dishes that can be prepared vegan as well."  We were in business!  There is something so satisfying in being able to continue to enjoy the places we went prevegan, now that we are vegan. 
So vegans headed to Tria Taproom - the wood-grilled asparagus (w/carrot, frisée, truffle-mustard vinaigrette) is vegan and fantastic  The Red Beet Salad (w/fennel, radicchio, pistachios, sherry vinaigrette) just cut the goat cheese and it's also a great option.  We then ordered the Kennett Square flatbread (minus fontana) with wild mushrooms, zucchini, red onion, red pepper, truffle puree.  The flatbread came out piping hot and the truffle with the mushrooms gave this flatbread such a rich, decadent texture and taste that cheese seems obsolete.  All accompanied by a red on tap made for one great Friday night.Nice outside seating.
Flat bread lamb sausage. Nice. They should use less mint to be honest, but still good. Mint is an intense flavor and should not over power the lamb sausage. Great service and good beer. See ya soonDelicious food, mellow vibe, all around great atmosphere. Enjoyed ordering from an iPad. The waiters are all knowledgeable about the menu and are on point with their recommendations. Stays open late. The night I was there, the music was on point too. Would definitely go again for a late night snack.Food and drink: 
Extensive beer list with good descriptions of each. Good, but smaller, wine list. Love the tablet menu idea, which lets you scroll through your options and tells you how much of each keg is left. A friend and I split a salad and flatbread, both of which were delicious. 
Atmosphere: 
Very cool décor from the exposed brick walls, to the floor to ceiling windows in the back, to the marble tap wall behind the bar. The only downside was that it got very loud when the tables started to fill up- there was nothing to absorb any of the noise, so it was difficult to even talk across the small table and be heard. 
Service: 
Our server was very friendly and the food and drinks came out quickly.I ventured over to Rittenhouse a hot minute ago to visit Tria Taproom for happy hour. I have been here before as they tempt me with that sign for that delicious bloody mary outside but don't actually have it inside to serve. Nobody likes a tease. 
Happy hour menu contains a few of their beers, I believe a wine, and one of their cocktails. The cocktail is $10 which btw isn't a good deal for happy hour, that's like...pretty standard pricing. no? 
I like to be aggressive with my drink choice off the bat unless I'm like, sick or something. I went with the cocktail which on this particular day was a "Black & Stormy". Drinking companion ordered the hh special IPA. 
Drinks came promptly. Service here is really good, our waiter put up with all of our bullshit questions. My drink is literally a brick (my drinking companion accurately corrected my description to "cinderblock" to the face. Google search tells me the more appropriate terminology for cinderblock is "CMU" which stands for "concrete masonry unit". So this drink is a fucking CMU to the face. Idk where the ginger beer comes from or what on earth it is but holy shit it packs a fucking punch, that and the rum. Probably the rum actually. 
I sucked that bad boy down and was feeling adventurous so I ordered this other beer on the menu that I believe is described on the menu as "not an IPA" which I'm sure all of my fellow IPA-haters can relate to my choice. The waiter made me reluctant but describing it as a hit-or-miss, polarizing sour. I'm usually not keen on sours so he gave me a little sample. This beer was absolutely DELICIOUS. I highly recommend it. I wish I could remember the name of it. Lol sorry this isn't helpful at all.
Huge turn on when the waiter asked if we wanted to order food and without prompting by me, my companion replied with "of course we do". We decided on the fried cheese curds, some like salad with apples or some other fruit, and baba ganoush with some flatbread. 
Salad was delicious, refreshing, and #diet2018 worthy, I think, except for the fried cream cheese it comes with which is out of this world. Apple slivers, delicious dressing. Baba ganoush was a'ight, I ate it bc it was in front of me. Flatbread was tasty but would've been better without the charred lines that are basic and don't serve a purpose imo. Just throw that shit in the toaster. 
The fried cheese curds are just outrageous and deserve their own paragraph. Served with diced bell pepper and this amazing sauce. Holy shit what the fuck are cheese curds anyway? We asked the waiter (one of our dumb questions) and his explanation didn't really answer the question for me. Regardless, this is a must order at this place. Not exactly #diet2018 but you have to live a little every now again, ok?!?!Have to say this place was wonderful!!!
Healthy side - my partner had crab cake with beet salad - which was amazWow, the absolute coolest.  The taps coming out of the wall are amazing and the bartenders are very attentive if you get a spot in front of them.  The beers are amazing, and it gets packed pretty quickly.  We were down during the day for our anniversary and we were not disappointed.  Jami, the bartender was so very helpful.  We were there on a Saturday during the day, he was clean cut and tall.  He made the experience top notch.  If we had a question, he answered it, he would come up and make us laugh as we interacted with him and staff.  The food was great, you pay for quality and that is what the serve and prepare here.  QUALITY.  I would go back, we had a wonderful time.What a cute spot. I went to Tria last night for the first time and all the great comments I had heard from friends beforehand were true. The waitstaff was very attentive and polite and I was able to snag a seat in the back corner of the restaurant area, isolated before it got browsed later in the evening (I got there at 7, and I'd say the place really started filling up around 8). Once it got busy, it was a bit noisy, but not terrible. I had a bells two heated ale, which was great as I've had it before, and the spinach apple salad, which was delicious (see picture). I really enjoyed the fried goat cheese that came with it. I would definitely come back here again and am interested in trying some other things off the menu!I left Philly less than 2 years ago, after witnessing the transformation of Center City storefront by storefront starting from 2002, when I first stepped foot in the sewage hole that was 13th Street and rented an apartment nearby. Yes, 13th Street, when Sansom Cinema used to sport explicit posters of gay porn new releases like "Dawson's Crack" on its facade.
Out of the post-industrial waste at 13th & Sansom emerged, incredibly, an enterprise selling mesmerizing gelato run by a couple that studied it in its natural habitat and produced it with love and excellence and organic, locally-made ingredients. It was called Capogiro. Soon enough (and even years prior), out of other, less miserable blocks throughout Center City emerged hope in the form of high-quality eateries and bars. Among them was a place called Tria, lining a quiet corner on Spruce. Tria provided respite to the growing young professional population hungry for fine wine, quality beers, delectable cheeses, and small food plates containing beets and pine nuts and other such vegetative matter. And so it went forth and multiplied; soon there were two. For men, Tria, I had always felt, was not a place to hang with the guys, but rather a place to meet with a coed group of friends, female friends, or to take a date. It was a place where the feeling tipped more toward the feminine than the masculine. But I always liked it. It was more urbane than Varga.
Back in Philly for work one cold, February evening, I was walking slowly on Walnut toward 30th Street Station wondering how I could kill an hour before my train. I saw the same undesirable Irish pubs -- nah, I saw Rum Bar, hell nah, and grew depressed standing near a corner where a Wawa used to be. But wait, Rum Bar was not there anymore! I squinted and made out the word "Tria" followed by "Taproom." I had found the place to slay my extra hour.
I entered and saw a clean, industrial interior and a seemingly endless row of sleek metal taps. I sat at the bar and felt a sense of ease that I had not felt at the other Trias. This was a more masculine space. A tall bartender with styled hair of orange and sporting a flannel shirt, perhaps an urban lumberjack with several issues of GQ hidden under his bed, handed me an iPad. An iPad? The beer list and all ancillary information, including quantities remaining, is on an iPad. Ingenious. And it is also available through the Web. ..................
Last night, again in Philly for work, I had an hour to slay. I went to Tria Taproom for the fourth time. I tried the Ballast Point Grunion Pale Ale ... and then the Les Trois Mousquetaires Série Signature Sticke Alt ... and paired it with the wood-grilled asparagus. They hit all the major G-spots a tongue could have. The bill amounted to $26. Service was decent. In NYC, such an experience costs about two months rent in a Fishtown apartment, and then it takes an hour to get home from Brooklyn on two different trains.
Tria Taproom: I shall see you again soon. Until next time.Beer and fancy tapas instead of wine and fancy tapas? Yes please!
Let's start here: a tablet to show you what's on tap.  This was really cool and allowed you to see exactly what was available and how much was left! Not a bad marketing idea to make sure you order another one if a keg is running out! 
Opted for a dark and brooding Milk stout, don't remember the name but it was awesome! 
Ended up with several plates to share, including: 
-the "fries" - which were very hot temperature wise, but awesome with truffle and cheese, mmmm! 
-wings - spicy and tasty with the green chile sauce
-breakfast flatbread - yup it tasted like breakfast, but on pizza, very very tasty!
I'll definitely be headed back here ASAP!T-t-t-TRIA! Taproom, specifically. My number one favorite member of the esteemed Tria family, it's a hearty blend of most of my favorite things. We're talking classic bar food with a heavy handed dash of class (chicken wings coated in a spicy green chile sauce, gorgonzola, and celery and "fries" which are actually smashed fingerling potatoes served with truffle-taleggio fonduta), flatbreads topped with everything from duck confit and foie gras mousse (OH MY GOD) or rich, creamy burrata and lemon zest (talk about a flavor party in my mouth), and an automated beverage check system that's so technologically sleek in the serving of my favorite fermented beverages, it's like the lovechild of a robot and a fantastic bartender decided to open up shop. 
They excel in obtaining specialty beers, rare offerings that you might never have seen before. They keep the beer on draft, the wine on draft, even ciders and sodas coming from gleaming taps. You can check how much is left in any of these beverages from the tablets in the bar or, if you're gunning for a certain something, from the comfort of your own home. For instance, from my couch, at this very moment, I can tell you with accuracy that TT's got 63% of a keg left of Lagunitas' NightTime Black IPA for $5.50/11oz, at 8.6% ABV.
WHAT OTHER BAR GIVES YOU THAT OPTION?! 
The service is professional and comfortably casual, despite the fancy-ish feel of the establishment. I never feel rushed to finish my drink, I always feel comfortable asking questions, and honestly, I've never met anyone who wasn't wildly friendly off the bat. 
The prices aren't dive-bar cheap, but they're not outrageous. Makes me feel like I'm balling on a budget.
Bathrooms are clean and beautifully designed. 
It can get crowded, but there's always going to be a time during the day or night where you'll find a spot at the bar or at a table. Great for a duo or MAYBE a trio (split a flatbread or two!) but I wouldn't bring a large group.I love this restaurant chain and I preach its holy goodness everywhere I go. It's no wonder this place is taking over Philly. 
"Where should we go in Philly?"
"Tria." My first answer. My only answer.
This place is AWESOME. Everything is good. I swear to you. I have eaten at every single Tria including Biba (RIP) and have eaten every single item on the menu and I promise you: it is all amazing. I don't know where they get the cheese ...maybe they mix crack in it, I don't know, but it is seriously incredible. I have eaten cheese plates across the country and nothing compares to Tria.
Also the wine is delicious, the plates are delicious, the ambiance is perfect for whatever you're doing - friends, a date, family, heck I would even bring well behaved kids here. Also incredible, friendly service every time.I live pretty close to here and I've had my eye on trying this place out for weeks.  I came on a Monday night and have immediately marked this place as a go to for snacks, drinks, and a good vibe.
I haven't tried any of the other TRIA restaurants, but this place has a nice atmosphere.  Dimly lit, not overly crowded (on a Monday at least).  I heard it gets crowded on weekends though.
The iPad menu could be seen as pretentious or cool.  I leaned towards cool, especially that I could read up on the item before even ordering it.  All the drinks here were delicious.
Service here was incredibly friendly and attentive.  Again, this might change on a weekend night, but everyone was really good in my trip here.  
I am giving it 4 stars purely because it's very pricey, and I can't justify a full 5 stars when it makes a significant ding in my wallet...Went here for a late afternoon happy hour with some coworkers on Friday and we all really enjoyed it. The beer list is really impressive and they have a decent selection of ciders, which can be hard to find right in that area. I was also shocked at how much more this menu would appeal to real "foodies" than the original Tria location! We ordered baked octopus and a duck confit flatbread and, of course, a cheese plate. All were very good, as was the service. Highly recommend!Cute find. Around 25 draft craft beers from all over available to peruse via their iPad ordering system. Around 10 wines to try as well. Small but suitable menu to order food from. My husband had the marinated beet appetizer and is still raving about it. The flatbreads were good as well. Highly recommend.Boyfriend and I came in on Valentine's Day a little after 9:30 p.m. for some drinks and snacks following a show at Helium Comedy Club, which is right around the corner. It was a lovely way to close out our evening! Neither of us had been here in quite some time, and we were both pleasantly surprised anew by the depth of the wine/beer lists (presented on iPads) and the quality of the food we ordered. We had no problem getting two seats at the bar; both the bar and the tables were about half full when we arrived. I thought the prices were fair (roughly $35 for a glass of wine + a glass of beer + a trio of tasty dips + a spicy tuna tartare), though the best way to do Tria generally is probably either happy hour or Sunday school (in the places those events are offered). Bartender was not overly friendly or talkative--presumably because he assumed (correctly) that we were out on a V-Day date--but he was polite and attentive. Bonus for all you seltzer lovers out there: sparkling water is complimentary here!Cool little spot! I had a delicious beer with orange notes that paired well well with my spinach, mozzarella, and lemon zest flatbread. Next time, cheese and wine.Update:
Opted to come here for lunch with a friend during the work week. I asked for a drink (non-alcoholic) to go with my suit and "I want to keep my job" life mantra and the waitress looked at me like I had a second head growing out of my neck.  (Note: this is not the best place for a work lunch if youre not into getting a buzz during office hours since they only offer water, rootbeer and some other soda that I can't remember.)  Yes, I'll have a water. Thanks.
For lunch I ordered the beer burger (the only burger) which i carefully plucked as my 'fat kid' lunch option. It took some time for the food to come out (about 25 min for two med-rare burgers) BUT it was fan-flippin'-tastic.  That burger didnt stand a chance--I devoured it.  The beer burger is served with Chimay cheese (a gift of the gods) some housemade beer pickles that had a bit of tangy sweetness to them and a beer-naise sauce. Melty gooey flavorful goodness. It came with some crispy onions which were very good too, although they were dripping with grease. These bad boys could have used a rest on a paper towel or something. In any event- burger A+. Service was a bit slow for lunch but it happens. 
Tria Taproom strikes again.We had the fennel sausage pizza, ribs, and oyster Po' Boy poppers.  All were very, very good.  Wish there was hot cider and more porters, stouts, and at least one imperial; had to deduct a few points for that faux pas.  But really enjoyed the spot overall.I came here with my friend on a Friday evening around 6pm, and we were told there would be about a 20-minute wait, but we were pleasantly surprised when a table opened up about 5 minutes later. It's a dimly lit and small space, which made it really cozy. We each ordered a beer off the draft list, of which there was a pretty good selection. 
To eat, I ordered the Kennett Square Flatbread (fontina, wild mushrooms, zucchini, red onion, red pepper flakes, truffle cream), and my friend ordered the Burrata Flatbread (mozzarella, provolone, garlic spinach, balsamic onions, lemon zest). Both were perfect - amazingly balanced and delicious. 
I definitely plan to come back during Happy Hour (Monday-Thursday) for the drink specials and to try some of the other menu items!We came here for beer and cheese appetizers. The beer list is shown on an iPad, where you can see a description of the beer and also the amount they still have. We ordered the saison de pipaix and sweet baby Jesus! Both were great in their own way. 
We also had the three cheese appetizers, we ordered the luscious and others which I can't recall cause they had some weird names. They did taste great! Along with the beer. 
I would return