In my never ending search for awesome happy hours in the city I'm glad to say that triumph is top 3 for sure. My criteria for happy hours consists of two major factors. The food selection and the atmosphere. Alcohol is not a factor mainly because the specials for alcohol are fairly consistent at most happy hours. 
Food is critical for a good happy hour, let's face it after a long day of work a good drink and a small and tasty snack that holds you off till 730-8 is exactly what's needed. Triumph delivers on food in a big way; fries risotto balls, Cajun chicken poppers and sliders to name a few, but I remember the menu having a lot more options. The cost for the above ranges from 3-5 dollars and is totally worth it. 
The atmosphere is totally chill, spacious and perfect for a good sized group. Only thing is that triumph is not so close to a lot of commerce so it's difficult to come out as often as I would like.Came here on a friend's recommendation and had a really great meal and experience. 
As for the beers, I had the cocoa nibs beer -- really delicious and malty, but not too heavy. The Zitroen beer was really lovely too -- it had a strong chamomile flavor, which ironically, I don't like in teas, but was nicely floral tasting in the beer.
As for food, we started with the german pretzels, which were four yummy little nubs of bread with butter and salt drizzled over them. The mustard sauce was nothing special. I had the philly bacon cheeseburger -- a burger with the bacon replaced with pork belly, truffle aioli, a fried egg, and mornay sauce. This burger was genius -- and so delicious! The burger itself was huge. I was full after eating half of it. The truffle flavor was strong, but nicely complimented by the mornay sauce. If I lived in Philly, I'd be back for this sandwich, but I'd only order one and go halfsies. It's a massive sandwich.
My boyfriend had the fish and chips, which looked pretty typical and not very special. He was disappointed he got the thick "chips" and not the thin, crispy fries I got with mine. His dish came with a house made tarter, which wasn't very good - too salty and tasted of capers.  He wanted dessert, but there wasn't a big dessert selection, so ended up getting none.
The bathrooms in this place are unisex, which is kinda cool. And they played Nirvana the whole time we were there, which seemed strange, but also kinda cool, I guess. There was a good vibe here.Made the booking specifically to listen to live music and was told as soon as we arrived that they no longer have live music. Pretty disappointing. Food was average and cocktails are overpriced. Also, not a wide variety of beers at all... def not a good choice for a brewery. Overall pretty disappointing experienceVery cool place. I had no idea, or I would have probably have gone much sooner. Nice vibe and great food! I had a kale salad with Parmesan and lemon dressing, and also fabulous calamari and mussels. Neat little seating area with lounge chairs  and rolling surfboard shaped table. New wave tunes and nice service. What more could you want in a microbrewery?I stopped in with my friends that live down the street from here.  I originally had intentions on eating there but my friends mentioned sushi so we just had beer instead.  I tried the the honey blonde beer, or at least thats what i think it was called.  It was good and we stayed for two each.  Had I not wanted sushi I probably would have worked on a good hangover in that place.  The inside of the restaurant/bar is gorgeous, a classier place in my book to go to.I've been to Triumph several times and it's a really decent go to place when you find yourself in Olde City.  The thing I like about Triumph is that it's decently stylish and they are making their own beer right there.  You gotta love that.  It also smells very clean when you walk in.  They must keep those fermenters very sanitized.
When I lived in Jersey (which I feel like was eons ago) I used to go to the Triumph in Princeton alot.  Similar food but a very different layout/feel to it.  I like the one in Olde City because it just works well for the space.  I like their hummus platter and their tuna tartare.  Actually their tuna tartare was awesome.  I could have eaten way more of it.
The beers are very hit or miss in my opinion.  I did enjoy their pumpkin ale this weekend and their dry irish stout is one of the best in my opinion.  Very roasty and not heavy.  Mid range ABV, making it a nice session beer.  I don't like their lagers normally so I avoid them.  I've also found their IPAs to use hops that I am not fond of.  Still, this doesn't stop me from coming back.
I'm happy triumph is there as a destination in Olde City.  It has consistency and it's a great spot for weekend lunch.  I'm not sure I would pick it as a dinner destination, but I like how it's always in the back of my mind if I'm in the neighborhood.The regularly-rotating draft list makes me want to return to see what's new.  Coffee & Cream Stout?  Really?  Well it works - very smooth and creamy.
I was very surprised with the food here.  The first time I went they, had a sausage sandwich which was amazing, but unfortunately I haven't seen it since.
The few other items I've had have been good, but the Brewers Burger is one of the best burgers I've had in the city.  The bun is close to perfect - a soft, almost chewy texture and a some sweetness.  The beef is very tasty, and the sauteed onions round it all out.This place was great. Coming from California, I was looking for some good local brew. These guys definitely had it. The food was really good as well. The atmosphere inside is nice and casual.This was the second place PJ took us to.  It is across the street from Eulogy.  I had a Le Cinq.  It was a pretty awesome tasting beer for the huge alcohol content.Great Beers and Attentive Service!
We walked in without reservations on a Saturday night, 4 adults plus toddler and we were seated within minutes! They helped us with our stroller and then placed us back where there was less traffic which we Greatly appreciated.
We had a mixed group so we sampled brews and cocktails and they were all great. I loved the Gin Flip! The food was also great. The fish and chips were delicious and the carne asada tacos!
We will definitely return!We had dinner here last night before going to see a movie at the Ritz at the Bourse. In summary, the beer was average - my Pilsner glass tasted a bit soapy. The blue cheese burger was acceptable but nothing special. Fries were boring. Decor was nice & clean. Place was reasonably crowded and not too pricey though, especially for this part of town.DH and I were in from out of town for the weekend, and I was looking for someplace to celebrate DH's birthday. He loves his beer and pub grub, so I picked this place because they took reservations and it looked like it had a good vibe.
Turns out I chose perfectly. DH loved his Winter Ale brew, I had a great malbec, and we both loved our burgers. I had the Triumph Burger and DH had the Bacon Cheese Burger. I really dug the music they were playing: Nirvana, White Stripes, Black Keys. The bar itself looked cozy. I could totally see myself being a regular at this place if I lived in Philly. Our waitress was very nice and helpful, was happy to answer our questions about other places in the area, and she even warned DH that the wings weren't authentic (turns out that like DH, she was originally from upstate NY.) 
Anyway, not a "sceney" place (which I loved), but a comfortable place with solid food and drink. I will totally go back the next time I'm in Philly.Dear Triumph,
  In spite of that odd smell that hits my olfactory receptors in the face as soon as I walk in, I think I'm ready to say the L word. I really love you and your  half-priced burgers and 3 dollar draft happy hour special. Your beers are all great (some better than others) and so are your burgers. Your Brunch Stout and Glasshammer have affirmed my love for you. The Snakebite was awesome too.  I would much rather pay 3 bucks for one of the best microbrews around than 4 or 5 bucks for a bottle of that crap they call Bud, Miller or Coors. Aside from burgers, I can't say much about the rest of your menu since I haven't really tried it, but maybe we'll get to that point in our relationship someday. Your staff is friendly and I like your bartenders. Also, I love your atmostphere. It's modern, cool and creative and you don't try too hard to impress me with it. I have only two requests for you if you want this love to last forever: 
1. Please bring back the Le Cinque! I know you always have a steady list of new brews, but I love it and miss it sooooo much!
2. Please bottle your beers for sale! I know there's probably all kinds of messy politics involved, but I have hope that someday I will see your amazing brews in bottles that I can take home with me.
Yours Truly,
KimLoved this franchise because we had one in my college town and I was a regular. Solid microbrews and a solid American style menu. Triumph burger with swiss and mushrooms. Solid. The low-key atmosphere and inviting bar area makes this place solid. Did I mention how solid this place is?Good food.  Had a burger with fondue cheese and grilled onions.  The truffle fries were good too.  Why 3 stars?  Crappy crappy rude service.  Service took forever to come take our orders, left before taking everyone's order, finally flagged him down, he said he'd be back, then took our order.  10 minutes later...the KETCHUP arrives.  Three little cups.  But no fries.  15 minutes later, I'm starving and my friend had met up with us and gotten food from another place.  So i began to snack on her leftovers.  Finally see the guy and ask him where our food is.  Rudely tell us we're not allowed to eat outside food and I'm like, well it's because you haven't brought our food yet!  Five minutes later he finally comes back with it.  And we still had to pay a 20% tip because we were a party of 6 or more.  I only didn't get mad because the burger was good.  I would give 1 for service, +1 for old city and atmosphere, and +1 for food.Needed a place to go for dinner that wasn't going to break the bank and came across this brew pub on Open Table.  Made a reservation for 7:45PM at around 7PM and hopped in a cab.  Killed some time by walking around the neighborhood for a bit.  The area reminds me of Lincoln Park in Chicago.  Lots of restaurants and bars.  Very cool bar.
Went in to the bar and ordered a Love Potion.  $5 for a small snifter of beer.  Very tasty beer and the glass helped with the scent but would have liked a bit more beer for the money.  My wife ordered a Honey Blonde that came in a real pint glass for $5.
I had the pork belly appetizer that was pretty tasty and the braised short ribs for dinner.  I loved the short ribs.  Great flavor, very tender.  Served with potatoes and onions and other various veggies.
Wife had the stuffed artichokes appetizer that was rather bland and a burger for dinner with very good fries.
Service was a bit slow but the bill was very inexpensive.  Around $55 for a beer, two apps, and two entrees.Went to Triumph the first day it opened (years ago now) and recently last month.  The idea of a place serving their own beers in the middle of Old City (where, let's face it, originality is never usually rewarded) still works today.
Try their strongest beer (10 oz., they can only legally serve you two) and sample the food.  A good spot for a quick drink before meeting with friends at the other, less original, places in Old City.Definitely a cool place to hang out, especially for happy hour when all the beers are dirt cheap. The beers were alright, but nothing really stood out that much to me. The Summer Bock was pretty tasty, and surprisingly big at 7%. The Cream Ale was pretty solid and so was the Hopapolooza. I love rye beers, but didn't really care for the Jewish Rye. Same goes for the Kellerbier.
I was surprised at their unique menu items. I had the deep fried shrimp BLT sandwich, which was messy but really delicious. I found it cool that they have a rotating section of the menu that focuses on locally sourced ingredients.
Good atmosphere, friendly bar service, tasty food, and a good happy hour. If I'm ever back in town I'm sure I'll swing by again.I have played the triumph brewery with my band Kickin' Bear twice now. Each time I have had a great meal and have enjoyed their home brewed beers. 5 stars all the way!Time after time, the beer, food and service are consistently top notch. Triumph is on my list of "must visit" establishments. The combination of quality and price makes it a tremendous value.
I go to Triumph every time I go to Philly which is about once every other month. I go mostly for the beer. I love that the beer is brewed in house, it's seasonal and usually above average to exceptional. I put some of their brews right up there with Dogfish Head, Stone and Avery in terms of uniqueness and complexity. Some of my past favorites include Le Cinq, Glass hammer, Coffe and Cream Stout, Brunch Stout, and the summer hefeweizen they had. The only beer that was undrinkable was the raspberry sour they had over the summer. It tasted like grass clippings and acetone. The beer should have been dumped. It was a brand killer. I remember it for all the wrong reasons. Beer stewardship is great with good, even pours in the appropriate glassware. The best happy hour in old city where the beers are $3. The only drawback to the beers is that they don't sell growlers or take out. Triumph MUST start selling their beer outside the restaurant. Everyday they don't is a disservice to beer lovers!
The food is consistently average to good, but not exceptional. The menu changes very often and is somewhat seasonal. I like the refined bar food style of some aspects of the menu but they offer well portioned and flavorful entrees. I've had burgers, wings, sandwiches and a lot of other items which are all acceptable. I like going for the late day happy hour where a lot of their items are lower in price. The only issue I had with the food is that over the summer they offered a margarita pizza that was not a margarita pizza. A margarita pizza is fresh tomatoes, fresh mozzarella, and fresh basil. Their pizza was a regular pizza with basil. I know its being critical but if you're going to call it a margarita pizza, make a margarita pizza.
The service is usually satisfactory. I usually sit at the bar. I don't know his name but the bartender I get nearly everytime makes me feel like I'm at a small bar in my hometown. He usually talks for a while when its not insanely busy. He knows his beer and how to make customers feel welcome. A true asset to the industry. I did have a bit of a hiccup in the service last time I went there to run the taps. I sat for 10 minutes at the bar during lunch before I got served a beer.
The environment is a good bar environment. Its open enough to accommodate bigger crowds they have on the weekends. Some other Yelpers mention the smell, I LOVE IT! It adds to the brewery atmosphere. The decor is simple and clean. I like the abundant unisex, personal bathrooms.
If you go to or live in Philly go to Triumph. I bet you'll go back time and time again. A truely fantastic place.My girlfriend and I stopped by in the middle of a long Center City walk.  It's a little noisy downstairs and the host graciously sat us upstairs away from the masses.  Our waiter (Andrew) was great and the "small plates" selections were a very pleasant surprise.  The wine selection was also suprisingly good and I agree with the previous reviewer that the Maibock was great.New favorite Happy Hour.  Went here on a whim as part of a bar-hopping birthday extravaganza for my boyfriend and our two friends who came from NY state to celebrate his day with us.  5-7, 1/2 price all drinks?  That might be enough to sell me already, but it just got better.  Their beers were excellent, and we were especially fond of the Jewish Rye beer and the Summer Bock.  The bartenders were extremely attentive, giving numerous generous samples of beers we wanted to try, as well as beers/liquors they thought we might like.  One friend had a 1/2 price fancy Scotch or something, and apparently was given nearly twice the usual amount, just out of niceness.  Though all the bartenders were great, one gave us some special attention, and even provided more Scotch samples to us for no charge.  He then crafted some AMAZING drinks for us girls, choosing a rye sour for me, and a raspberry gin flip for my friend.  Both were spectacular, and frothy with egg-white-y deliciousness, but the gin flip is really fantastic.  The $5 food specials were great- my boyfriend loved the blackened chicken ceasar thing, and the pulled pork sandwich.  I loved the vegetable flatbread- so tasty!  The sandwiches come with deliciously crisp and fresh chips.  So, so good.  Bravo, Triumph... We will be back as often as humanly and financially possible.The best spot for a micro brew in the city!  I didn't try any food but I found the bartender Aida very friendly and welcoming.  Thank you again for the excellent hospitality!Great happy hour spot! $3 craft beers and delicious appetizers! Also seems like it would be a good spot for larger groups looking for a great happy hour. In the summer it's nice to sit outside under and umbrella and enjoy a cold beer. In the fall I would suggest the pumpkin aleTriumph isn't the best brewery I've ever been to, but the decor was nicer than most.  The crowd was kind of yuppy, which is kind of a downside.  There was a DJ, and he was pretty horrible and the music was quite loud.  Their beers were OK, nothing special though.  They will let you bring your drink outside to smoke, which is kind of nice.  Good to know you won't come back to a roofie-coloda.
All and all, there's nothing special about Triumph but nothing bad either.Woop woop for good beer! I've been to many breweries, but this one definitely had the most modern feel out of them all in terms of furniture and atmosphere which was a nice change of pace. It fit right into the Old City vibe. Great beer and food all around. Yay!
Only weird thing were the uni-sex bathrooms. I suppose I can look past it.I have always felt that Triumph had great beer at reasonable prices (especially at happy hour). Their continuing creative seasonal beers, like Imperial Pumpkin Stout, are always a welcome sight. The food I have tried has also been good. After that, though, I find few things I like. I am not a fan of the fact that every table requires you to be seated by the server (its a bar, just let me grab my table). Nothing about the interior is particularly unique or inviting. They used to have music every night of the week, but the last few times I stopped in there was no music to be had; I later found out they don't have music anymore. 
Final conclusion, definitely try a beer here; great for a midday beer at the outside tables on a nice day. Don't linger, though, because their are many nearby places much more worthy of your time.Friendly service. Nice decor. We sat at a booth next to a Van Gogh style painting of Christopher Walken which was awesome.
I like that they brew their own beer, but I didn't think the beers were that good compared to a place like Iron Hill. I did the beer flight. There were only 7 beers available. The Imperial pumpkin was pretty good, but everything else was just average to me. Several of the beers tasted flat.
The food portions were small and the quality of the food just wasn't worth the price we paid. There was nothing in particular wrong with the food, I just think it was overpriced. I did really like their desserts though. We had the banana bread pudding and apple crisp. Both were excellent.
Ok brewpub, but definiately not my favorite.Went there by myself on a work trip- ate dinner at the bar.  Its a nice place for a brewery- the other places in the neighborhood look a little run down.  This place has a nice atmosphere.  Good beer too!This is one of Old City's best kept secrets!  The food is contemporary, the microbrews are pretty awesome, and the service is quick.  I've gone here for 3 events where food and beer were free, and it was wonderful.  I plan on going back for dinner!Triumph has a great atmosphere for relaxing and enjoying a beer. I found the bartenders to be very helpful in selecting a beer off their extensive list of micro brews. Then more importantly, the beer was very good. The seating area and set up of the place is very cool. Above you is all the vats and it makes you feel as if you beer is pouring down right out of the vats (which perhaps they are). It also is a nice place to enjoy the company of others while drinking a great beer, because it isn't so loud you can't talk. If you're in Olde City you have to stop by here and try a grea beer.With visitors in town, I and my friends decided to have a Friday night out on Chestnut for dinner and a few drinks. After purchasing a $25 for $10 coupon from Groupon, we thought we'd check it out. We had all heard good things about their brews, and the reviews seemed to say they had decent food and an interesting atmosphere. As we walked into the restaurant at around 8:00, we expected to have a bit of a wait, as it was a group of 6 people with one to be arriving soon. As soon as we got inside though we realized this wouldn't be a problem, as it was about half full at best and the bar only had a few individuals sitting around it (even though this is in a very busy and popular part of town). This isn't a negative thing, mind you, as I like a nice quiet pub, but it did strike me as odd. After a short wait to arrange seating for an oddly sized group, we were taken up stairs. 
The hostess seated us at a row of mismatched tables that they had put together for our group in a brightly lit side dining room with 2 other groups, but with 6 or 7 open tables. The room was sparsely but tastefully and interestingly decorated, with an old large freight door and local art on one wall. It was very brightly lit, moreso than desired for an eating and drinking establishment, in my opinion. Absolutely no mood lighting whatsoever with the bright florescent lights in this section, which was very different from the rest of the restaurant. 
After something of a wait our waiter finally came to our table, and we handed him our coupon, which he looked at curiously and then left with, and this is where things began to go down hill. He returned a few minutes later without the coupon, and not mentioning anything about it. At this point we began placing our beer orders. He did not seem to be very knowledgeable about the beer selections, other than to tell us that the rotating brewer's selection was no longer available. Very strange for a dedicated gastropub microbrewery to have staff that stayed as flustered and unknowledgeable as he. 
After a long wait, he returned with our drinks and took some appetizer orders, which he confused greatly as he did not quite seem to understand what we were ordering. By this time our beers were running low and he did not take new drink orders either. By the time he returned with our appetizers (which were incorrect, I'll get to that in a second), we had all been without drinks for some time. He finally got our new drink orders this time, and gave an apology that their computers had gone down and were having to reboot, but left before any dinner orders could be given. It was at this point we realized that he had added on an extra appetizer that no one had ordered. After a few more minutes he had still not returned with our second round of drinks (we had been at the restaurant for close to 45 minutes by this point), and our late friend was almost at the restaurant. 
We realized that they had not given us enough seats for our party at this time. Now, mind you, the waiter had been gone some time, and we had not seen any other staff around to inquire as to if it would be okay to move one of the many empty tables over to add on. So, we took it on ourselves to move a corner two-seat table onto the end of our collection to make room. Still plenty of space, and no one was disturbed. As we were moving it, a member of management walked by and asked brusquely what we thought we were doing. We explained that we hadn't seen any staff and were moving a table to make room for the seats we had originally requested. After we offered apologies and asked if it was okay, she said, and I quote, "You can move it, but generally it's not okay to move furniture unless its your own house." Since when did it become okay to make snide comments to paying customers who were doing no harm? 
Shortly afterwards more wait staff came by, dropped off our previously ordered beers, and removed our menus, before the waiter had even taken our order. A few minutes more, the waiter finally came back to inquire as to our dinner choices, at which point we simply asked for our checks. He acted surprised, and walked off, returning a few minutes later with the bill. Missing from the bill was the $25 off. We waited for him to return and informed him of the mistake. He apologized, took the bill, and returned a few minutes later with another, smaller bill. Only problem is, he didn't actually take off $25 (it was about $12 off). 
Highly frustrated with the service, we left enough cash to cover the amount listed, with a couple of dollars more. If he bothered to re-do it, he would have noticed that the amount we gave him was enough for the amount charged with the proper amount of the coupon taken off, plus an adequate tip (of about 18%). Now, I understand that computer failures can cause problems, but it was no excuse for this.  Pass on Triumph and head to one of the much better brew-pubs in the city.Triumph is really one of the best places in old city and great for large groups.  I recently went on a Friday for a birthday party and we were able to invade a private room upstairs with about 15 people.  There was no table service, but it was actually more convenient for people to just get their own drinks at the bar, which was also not crowded.  Also, they have great beers on tap.  I had a pumpkin ale which was delicious and refreshing!Hankerin' for a burger, my friends and I decided to brave the wait at Village Whiskey.  However, when the wait was quoted at 3+ hours and it was already 8 PM, we decided we needed to try something else.  One of my friends in particular is a huge fan of the blue cheese burger at Triumph, so we decided to cab it to the O.C. and try out the food.  
Upon arrival, we were told we'd be on the wait list (apparently a busy night in Philadelphia) -- we grabbed drinks and about twenty minutes later our buzzer asked us (in a woman's voice!) to return the buzzer to the host desk! Mind you I should digress briefly to talk about the brunch stout.  Slightly sweet, very coffee-ish, and an undetecable amount of bitterness made this a great stout -- it tasted a little like irish coffee, to be honest.  Really intriguing beer.  Anyway, we sit down and they don't have enough menus and ask us to share.  Strike 1.  Then they don't have water glasses, so we wait for water.  Strike 2.  I then order my burger and a second beer, this time going with the "Jewish Rye" -- which tasted somewhat like a lion's head with an after taste of caraway.  Again, a rather pleasant, albeit kitschy beer. 
Now the burger comes out.  Sure it's cooked medium rare and there's a ton of blue cheese as well as this goopy tomato marmalade spread on the bun.  Bun is eggy and soft.  But the burger truly lacked any distinguishable flavor.  Salt? Pepper?  This was just ground meat griddled up until hot.  Did not taste or looked hand packed either.  At this point, I am fully doubting my friends' taste in burgery goodness.  Next time, I'm sticking to Good Dog.Trip back to Triumph this weekend for a $4 beer special. I enjoyed a few Belgian Blonde's which were light and tasty, perfect for a summer evening. Our table started off with some appetizers including muscles, calamari, and pretzel's. Of the appetizers i'd say the muscles were the clear winner, the pretzel's were fairly tasty, and the calamari were ultimately a disappointment. For some reason they have changed their seasoning and breading which we caught on as we are come here about every other month. The waitress admitted they had made the change, and it left us less then thrilled.
Meals included Burgers mainly, a few salads. I have to say Triumph makes a good burger and fries. Its worth the price. We had caesar side salads, and while i'm a fan of garlic, all the salads had to go back as it was just fueled with garlic. We inquired on this, and the waitress mentioned they make their own dressing, and the cooks may have gone heavy handed.
All in all, a fun night. Winners were burgers, muscles, and brews. Losers were calamari, salads, and our wallets. Not sure what brought some of the changes, but they were not pleasant. I will say our waitress was excellent, polite, and offered to make substitutions for our surprises. I would honestly give her 4 stars, but rate the food around a 3 for the night (burgers would get a 4-5, beer a 5, but appetizers would go to a 1-2).This is my favorite bar in Philly. The beer is always stellar, food is spot-on and you'd be hard-pressed to find a better use of space. 
I'm giving Triumph a two-star rating because of the server I've been saddled with repeatedly. His lack of interest in his job reflects in everything he does. It takes a lot to detract from the accomplishments of the kitchen and brewery staff, but this server (name omitted) was up to the task. Were it not for him, I would not hesitate to bump this up to four or even five stars.Everyone knows Triumph by now, right?  Right??
I know a bunch of people who avoid going to Old City all together.  There's a certain crowd that OC is known for that scares some people away.  I'm okay with that, but I'm going to stand my ground and defend a few select places.  Triumph is one of the few that I really enjoy.
The food at Triumph is actually really good.  There's something a little odd about a brewery serving what appears almost like a cross between bistro and chain restaurant food... what am I saying, that sounds just about perfect, doesn't it?  I can only say that the menu is lacking some soul, like a chain restaurant may.  But it's well prepared, yummy and presented very very nicely, like a bistro may.
Triumph Brewery also happens to have a bar.  With beer.  That they themselves brew.  How bout that!  In fact, I tend to think that Triumph makes some very delicious beer.  I might add that I like to think I know a little something about beer.  So, needles to say, you should go to Triumph Brewery and drink some beer.  
Yup, they have liquor and wine and stuff too.  But that's pretty much like going to a steak house and getting the fish, isn't it?  Well, if you must...  They have an excellent wine selection and I've found that the bartenders usually know what they're talking about back there.
Incidentally, I rank Triumph pretty high on the list as a first date destination.  Good food, great beer and great wine, unisex bathrooms [wink, wink], and there's always cabs driving by on Chestnut in case you need a quick get-a-way.  If it's going well, you can walk across the street and try to get a pool table at Buffalo Billiards too.Stopped in here for drinks during Erin Express.  My friends wanted to get some food.  I looked at their selection of beers and started right in.  Their Stout was one of the better stouts I have had in a while.  
Food looked good, I would like to go back and try it.Say hopapalooza to the guy behind the bar...then say hi to the monkeys looking over the bar, when someone asks if you would like something to eat, say mushroom bruschetta and let the evening melt away ...After reading some of the other reviews of Triumph, I'm a bit disheartened that my experience wasn't that great. My girlfriend and I decided to stop in after our tour at Yard's Brewery for a couple of beers and a quick bite. I have previously been to both the New Hope and Princeton locations and am a big fan of the food at Triumph. 
Let me just start by saying that I was pretty disappointed at the service here. Upon walking in we encountered a rather rude hostess who initially had her back turned on us. When she did seat us, she pretty much threw our menus on the table and walked away without saying anything. Sorry if you hate your job, but don't take it out on me. 
Our waitress on the other hand, was very nice and helpful; however, she was scrambling to cover at least 5 other tables and scarcely came over to our table. This also confused me since it was a Saturday afternoon and there were at least a half a dozen servers/bus boys? standing around not doing anything. 
Not initially off to a good start, but their saving grace came with the food, beer, and the bathrooms. I ordered a Belgian Saison which had a clean, crisp taste with a hint of fruit. We also ordered a mushroom burger and short rib sliders. I always hear of people getting short rib sliders, but just never bothered with them. Thank God I took the plunge because these were amazing and even made me realize that I could never practice Hinduism because I just love cow too much. 
The bathrooms also provided to live up the hype of being great. I've heard many people brag about the bathrooms at Triumph as being the best in the city (this included one of the bartenders across the street at Eulogy). I can't say it was the best, but it certainly was a good experience. You will just have to see for yourself to know what I'm talking about. 
Once we finished our food, it took a few minutes, but our waitress came over to clear our plates and ask if we needed anything else. We both have AHA (American Homebrewer's Association) cards, which in some cases can give you a discount on food and or beer at select brewpubs. In Triumph's case, you are able to take 15% off your food; however, when we got our check back, we noticed that only 10% had been taken off. Not that it was a huge deal, but for the lackluster service and girl who hated her job at the door, I thought it was worth bringing up. They ended up taking off the 15%, but proceeded to take about 25 minutes to do so. 
All in all, I wouldn't go out of my way to come back to this particular Triumph. For other bars in the area, I would visit Eulogy or the Khyber Pass Pub before coming back here, mainly due to the sub par service. I would also recommend going to Iron Hill Brewery over Triumph, which is the same brewpub concept with nicer servers, a bigger beer and food menu, and better discounts. That is all.I went here just once....the food was not good...was bland and greesy...but I would go back just for the beer, and I've not even a beer drinker....but I can appreaciate the fact the make it themselves....Great place to unwind. The food is good. The beer is great and they host some of best local live music.I love this place!  Their kitchen is open late with "snacks" but their bar food has a uniquely gourmet twist.  I love that they brew their own beer, their blonde beer is my favorite.  Great atmosphere, live music, good crowd and never too packed but never empty.Triumph beers are worth the trek to Old City Philly. My husband and I got a beer flight which came with their 9 beers of the season. The Hefeweizen was delicious as was the Bengal IPA. Having visited Nodding Head brewery the night before ( and not having been impressed we gave Triumph a shot and were not disappointed.Upon arrival, I thought it had a cool atmosphere, but I was not blown away and don't really have the urge to return. We went to see a live band, but the set-up is not really conducive to dancing or really moving around at all. We left our booth because we couldn't see the band from where we were and there wasn't really a better place to go. There was a small space to stand near the "stage," but we had to constantly step aside for wait staff and people using the bathrooms.
I was drinking the Feral Wheat which I thought was comparable to most Wheat beers I've had, but none of us were impressed with the beer selection. I've been to other local breweries that have much more of a variety and much better flavor. 
We were a little disappointed with the food as well. We ordered the Steak frites poutine with fois gras gravy and cheese curds. For $7, you get about 7 large steak fries. I thought the gravy was flavorless and the cheese was ok. We also tried the dessert pretzels. It said it had a cream cheese icing on it which looked nonexistent, so we got some extra on the side. That improved it, but I thought the pretzels were quite dry and could have been a lot more sweet. Lastly, we tried a fruit cobbler that was pretty good. It was topped with a small scoop of ice cream. Nothing special though.
The thing I did like was that our bill with food and a few beers came out to only $35 after a 15% off coupon we had. Also, this is one place that has actually pulled off unisex bathrooms. There are individual stalls with sinks and it was extremely clean. That's the only real plus. I wouldn't totally avoid this place, but I will not be going out of my way to go back.One of 3 locations (Princeton & New Hope are the other two), this newly established restaurant and bar has a great layout, decent food, and some very good home brewed beers.  Try the "flight" sampler to pick out your favorites - a selection of 8 of the brews currently available, and enough for two to taste.  The small but eclectic menu has a mix of tapas, sandwiches, and entrees.  The thin crusted tomato, basil and mozzarella pizza is excellent, as are the fries, crab fritters, and vegetarian chili.  The fish and chips was a generous serving - crispy fresh "sticks" of Maine scrod, and more fries.  All the beers are worth sampling, but we enjoyed the "Love Potion" and Maibock best.  This place is going to be a popular hangout, so get there early if you head out on the weekend!Triumph Brewery is like that old girlfriend. When i first met her, she was great, new and innovative.  Triumph had great beers,  a pretty good menu, nice atmosphere, great staff and good people. Then we broke up. Triumph started charging a $5 cover charge on Sat nights. After a few months, we got back together. And in the words of the late great B.I.G. "Things done changed", i cant seem to get comfortable with her new hairstyle. A live band makes conversation impossible, the menu is not as good, and the service is questionable. Sadly, it would prolly be better if we broke up.I've come here a bunch of times. This place isn't just brewing their own beer, they're serving triumphant specials on drinks and food. During happy hour, sip on $3 pints, $4 house wines and $5 well drinks. 
Also try their $6 bar menu which features crispy calamari, herbed frites, wings, pierogies and more. Not sure if the burgers are on the happy hour menu or not, but they are pretty damn good too! 
This place is a nice break from the trashy bars in Old City. And they're serving food all night long, way passed most restaurant hours.I don't know why I was holding out on coming here, but that was just silly of me. Not only is the decor lovely, but their beer ROCKS! They have my beloved framboise on tap and service is quick and friendly (even the giant bouncers at the door).
I'm going back, and next time I'm eating. And, of course, drinking more framboise.Old City can be annoying and this place is actually okay if you're a beer drinker. All the beers are $5 which seems fair. The place is big and cold so it's not really a cozy, relaxed bar. On weekdays, it's not all that crowded but on weekends, it can be packed and too loud. The menu is limited so I usually get a burger. They have happy hour specials 5-7 with cheaper drinks and food. They have half-priced burgers then too but you have to get them in the bar area (wish I knew that before we got a table).Absolutely the worst service I have ever had...and I get alot of bad service.  
This is going to be a long one...
One of my bestfriends picked this as the scene for her birthday dinner.  We had a party of 13 and we all got there in stages(you know how that works). When we arrived the four that were there had drinks, we wre quickly asked for our drink orders and they came in a resonable time.  That was all at about 7:45pm.  The next time we saw the server was at about 8:30.  He came back and at this point everyone was there and obviously was thirsty.  We didnt know when we would see him again so we gave him our drinks and food.  Fast forward another 1/2 hr all still thirsty. The manager brings out our drinks finally.  We tell him we already like him better bc atleast he comes to the table AND brings us what we order. It's about another 20 min until the food comes...we still havent seen our server.  The food starts to come out and half of it is wrong.  it takes about 15 min for everyone to get some sort of food and even if it wasnt what we ordered we just took it.  One friend told the manager we assumed he fired our server since we hadnt seen him...we got no response.   
Here is the sad part...the food was pretty good and very reasonable.  But we already had a very sour taste in our mouth.  
At this point we had wisened up and just went to the bar to get new drinks.  Around 9:30 our server appears and doesnt skip a beat...he basicall showed his face and asked if we needed anything else(after we had everything).  Thats when someone said we thought he left and went to get a drink at mad river.  He laughed and said "No, I wish I have a party of 26 that is driving me MAD".  SERIOUSLY!!!! that is your excuse and he didnt even apologize once.  Now I have worked as a server and many of my friends have as well and we all know that if you have a large party dont be greedy and try to take more than one if you cant handle it.  
20 min later he floats by and says "I'mmmm backkk", we all just grunted.  We were never offered desert or coffee and were trying to stay polite about it but were all really pissed off.  Esp. bc it was our friends birthday and it was totally ruined.  Server boy(I call him this bc he never introduced himself) drops the check off and lets us know he saved us the trouble and added 20%.  Smart on his part bc although we are all pretty big tippers there was NO WAY he was getting that.  We called the manager over and said very calmly that first we need the food that we didnt order or eat off the bill and secondly we could determine what he deserved.  
I'm really sad that the experience was so horrible bc I loved the decor and the Amber Ale I had was very good...I only had one bc fat chance I was getting another chance to order.  I will never return though bc not only was the service horrible but the way it was handled was not acceptable.  Any restaurant in Old City should be prepared for large parties and being busy on a Saturday night!Great beer, service and atmosphere.  Try the beer flight.Triumph is pretty alright - I'd go back, but I'm not in a rush. They have a plethora of beer (all in-house), but nothing stands out as exceptional. The fried pickles are pretty tasty, but again... nothing to write home to Mom about... of course, she doesn't really care for pickles...
Anyways, if you can get a tour of the brewery you should take the opportunity to check it out. The brewmaster is pretty knowledgeable and will teach you about how all the beer making equipment works, etc.Die Bar der Triumph Brewing Company ist recht unscheinbar von außen, sodass man fast vorbeiläuft. Innen erwartet einen sehr freundliches Personal, ein sehr schönes Interieur mit den Braukesseln sichtbar auf der ersten Etage und natürlich eine Breite Auswahl an hervorragenden Bieren. Man sollte unbedingt Zeit und Aufgeschlossenheit gegenüber neuem Bier mitbringen und die verschiedenen Biersorten testen. Auf Nachfrage erhält man von praktisch jeder Sorte einen Probierschluck, also ruhig Zeit beim Bestellen lassen.My husband and I had dinner here on a recent philly trip when we realized our first pick, Reserve, was closed for a private party. We even caught the happy hour which was surprising because it lasts till 7pm and ALL drinks are half price! The Key Lime and the Pineapple Express were delicious drinks. We enjoyed the scallops very much, the stuffed pepper was pretty good, and the pizza was ok but crust way too thick and doughy. I would have given it a higher rating but the service was pretty terrible. It wasn't even that crowded and our waiter stopped by once the entire meal. We had to ask a member of the table cleaning crew for assistance and he gave better service than the waiter did. They also weren't very knowledgeable about the menu when we asked questions.  A fun tapas place with good live music and great drinks, but be prepared to wait a while for service and don't except 5 star food.Yummy food and delicious beer. Service was fast and friendly. We stopped in to eat before going to a show and made perfect timing because of the speedy service. The food was unique and very enjoyable. There was some live music which also contributed to an energetic and buzzing ambiance. There are a lot of fantastic places to eat and drink in this area, and Triumph is definitely worth a try!The beer is great! I like to go to a few different bars when I'm in Olde City, and Triumph is always a good stop. Some of the brews are pretty strong, which is always a good thing. The ambiance is nice. I'd like to come back and try the food here sometime.A friend told me that Triumph was celebrating Beer Week with $3 beers and I was immediately sold.  I drank 3 hefeweizens for under $10 and was happy as a clam.  I also tried the Jewish Rye, Biz Journale, and the Saison.  They were a little too hoppy for my taste, but they were clearly made well regardless.  The inside reminds me of Iron Hill Brewery and the menu looked similar.  We had dinner plans, so we skipped out on the food, but the trays that passed us looked great.  They obviously have a lot of events this week for Beer Week, but year round, they have weekday happy hours from 4-6.  I will definitely be back to indulge in the food (and more beer).I liked this place a lot the first time and not as much the second time. First time - sat outside, had fish and chips. Second time - sat inside, had the Triumph burger. The place is huge inside.
I like their beers a lot. I like the feel of the restaurant. The food was decent - I prefer the fish and chips to the burger. Their bathrooms are interesting - no girls and boys. Just a long row of stalls each with their own sink inside. Kinda weird at first.
I personally am not a huge fan of the service. They're not unfriendly, but I think it's a little slow and they don't check on you a lot. The table they sat my group at inside was also not appropriate for eating dinner - very low and lounge chairs. Somewhat uncomfortable for actual eating.
Service: see above
Environment: pretty modern, very spacious. It feels very lounge like.Is it just me or are the burger and fries here awesome?  I put Triumph in my top 5 burgers list. (Along with Eulogy, Race street cafe, Rouge, and Black Fish in Conshy)
Ok granted a brewery is supposed to have great beer and the folks who apparantly "know beer" aren't impressed. I drink Miller Lite 90% of the time so anything with flavor qualifies as a good beer for me. If you are into fancy beers stop at Eulogy first and choose from their gazillion Belgium beers with 15% alcohol. Then go to Triumph for the next few rounds and grab a burger and fries. You'll be sufficiently fat and happy at that point so the next stop is up to you. 
Last note, this place is modern (aka concrete everywhere) and thus pretty loud. Don't bring old people here. :)I went to this bar during happy hour. What a great happy hour. Had three cocktail type drinks for fairly cheap. We also got happy hour food, and those were so tasty. We had the fried pickles and quesadillas. Both good, but the fried pickles were EXCEPTIONAL. I like the atmosphere and I think they have great Happy Hour specials! Next time I definitely need to try their beers! 
Bathrooms are a little odd. I walked in a little hesitant, unsure where I was at was even a bathroom. I then saw a guy walk out and froze and said "Ooops. I'm in the men's bathroom." (You know, being three drinks in.)  He looked at me weird, but then helped me out by saying "No. It's unisex." So then I kept going and saw each bathroom is like it's own little stall, sink and all. So that was a fun experience. haha.Ever since I heard they got a new brew master for Triumph, the beer has gone downhill. I remember enjoying glasses of Le Cinq, Glass Hammer, Coffee and Cream Stout and some other really exceptional beers that I would rank against the likes of Founders, Cigar City and other top notch breweries. I have gone here a few time over the past year. I recently returned here for my annual "Running of the Taps" I do every holiday weekend. I was very disappointed in the beer selection. The Holiday Ale on cask was rather flat in terms of taste, thin and boring. I expect some heavy, high alcohol, and spiciness on a holiday ale. Everything else was just a ho-hum offering that anyone can easily home brew. The only good one was the rauch bier.
While the beer might be a let down, the food and service are still some of the best in the city. I had the biscuits and gravy with duck confit. It was extremely good and I suggest you try it.
I hope Triumph gets back on the wagon after a bit of a brewing hiatus and starts making some excellent beer. Otherwise, I'll go to Khyber Pass.I love beer. I love brewing companies. It is a great place to go to. The beers on tap were great. Downstairs was crowded but we went and grabbed a table upstairs which was good too. The place did have a peculiar smell to it but the awesome beer made up for it. 
Would definitely go there again.Bengal pale ale(pretty hoppy), brunch stout(delicious), soft pretzels and jazz were awesome. Look out for the first Thursday of every month for the brewmasters special.I LOVE Triumph's beer and the atmosphere.  There are plenty of tables and seats at the bar, so you can have a quiet dinner with your sweetie or bring a group of friends for a fun time.  That's all that is important to me, so I come often!  The food is not quite so impressive, nor are the food prices, hence only 4 stars.  The fries are pretty delicious, though, so if you're just looking for excellent beer and good conversation, Triumph is perfecto!Triumph is like a popular gorgeous girl in high school: Absolutely stunning on the outside, but completely rotten on the inside.
It's hard not to love what they've done with the place: In the heart of old town Philly, a modern, upscale and urban beer tavern with gourmet food. 
What more could you want? Well, how about some decent service. No, how about any service at all! Taking a seat, we waited at least 15 minutes before a server came to take our drink orders. And there are some interesting beers here, but the selection is pretty limited to what they have, only about 8 or so. For a place with Brewing Company in the name, I'd expect at least 20 beers on tap. About 20 minutes later we get our beers and finally we get to order some food. The menu is very upscale, gourmet, and bistro-y, food that I'm automatically skeptical of for being way too overpriced. Yet a gourmet free-range burger and fries were on their way. 
I waited like an hour to get my food. Okay, maybe 30-45 minutes, but it felt like an ETERNITY. I had already finished two beers, which I did enjoy (the pumpkin beer really stands out!). And I waited. Waited. Went to the bathroom, which is a trip itself: There's no sign saying where it is, you just walk into a back room with several dimly lit stalls behind wood-and-glass doors. Turns out they're individual bathrooms, but I wasn't sure if I was in the men's or ladies' room! Not that I care if I peed in a woman's toilet. But still, it's an unusual feeling.
Continued waiting. And waited some more. Finally, FOOD. The burger was absolutely delicious. I credit the free-range beef and the juicy fondue cheddar. Yet again our server neglected us, however, so we decided to peace out. Somehow they expected us to pay a 20% tip on our food? Psh, yeah right. They should be giving me back 20% of my overpriced meal for having to endure such an ordeal!
Triumph provides a stark example of how even the most delicious food and beer can be spoiled by snarky and poor service. NEVER MORE.Great location, tasty beer, delicious food. And not your normal bar fare either. Every time I've eaten at Triumph I've been very happy. I'm a real sucker for their moules frites, and do yourself a favor and order the veal sliders when they're on the menu. A-MAZ-ING. - that spells amazing. 
They've recently introduced a local menu, which I checked out last night. We ordered beef rouladen and spinach ravioli. I didn't know before last night, but beef rouladen is beef wrapped around some stuff, where the stuff can be anything from veggies to cheese, etc. It is awesome. I think our beef was a little dry, but the stuff inside (asparagus, some sort of cheese, peppers) was awesome, and so was the yummy stuff that the beef rouladen sat on. 
We listened to live jazz the entire meal, and it was just a very nice time. The Irish Red they've concocted is also one of their best beers I've had. Forget Cav's tonight - go check out Triumph instead.FOOD-
Great burgers, they're up there with Rouge's. Large portions, go there hungry!
Tried their Oktoberfest special menu... not too good. Wouldn't order from it again.
BAR-
Love the beers and their drinks they make
Good place to have a party, my boyfriend had rented the bottom party room out and it was a great time!Finally tried out Triumph Brewery and it was....ok. As a fan of very hoppy beer, their IPA was pretty weak.
My friend got the cheeseburger which I tried some of and it was decent, better than the beer.
I do have to say our bartender was actually really cool and nice which I haven't experienced much at most bars and the interior design and ambience was pretty good as well.Stopped in for lunch and a few drinks during a recent trip to Philadelphia. While there wasn't a large crowd (mostly due to the weather), the atmosphere was open and unpretentious; the kind of place where you would be equally comfortable taking a date or catching a game on TV. The decor was tastefully done without being too fussy and the service staff helpful, especially with beer selection and menu recommendations.
Had the calamari appetizer for $8, which was a bit skimpy on the portion size but more than made up for it in flavor and quality. The beer was quite cheap for a brewpub - most selections are in the $5-$6 range - and very delicious. Triumph also offers samplers if you're interested in tasting all of their offerings along with a full bar list of wine and spirits.
Given how easy it is to screw up the brewpub concept by either offering different quality of food and beer or by pricing out the average Joe, Triumph is a rousing success and a place I would recommend any traveler going out of their way to visit.Great Beer!! 
Isn't that all you really need at a Brewing Company. Only had drinks Saturday night but if I try it for dinner I'll let you knowI'm only giving two stars because the service was bad when we actually ate here.  Stopping in for drinks is fine.  The beers are not bad.  Unfortunately, our dinner experience was not good.  I ordered a G&T because I just wasn't wanting a beer.  It was so strong I could barely drink it.  Overly strong drinks are fine for those looking to get drunk but I really just wanted to enjoy a drink while I waited for my friends.  The food was not memorable and the service poor.  Our waitress seemed to be preoccupied so we had to flag her down more than a couple times for new drink orders and food.  There was also a jazz band that night and while they were fine it was crazy loud.  We were yelling at each other to be heard.  All in all, it just wasn't very good.i literally am only reviewing Triumph because of the bathrooms.  I felt so clever!  Until I looked down... "Wah wah waaaahhhh!"  Well, they have dressing room style bathrooms that are very sexy.  As far as the establishment: my friends and I were there for Girls Rock Philly Silent Auction so we didn't eat off the menu, but the chicken teriyaki skewers were good (pretty typical), and Laura like the piggies in their blankets.  The beer was enjoyable, although we were desparately searching for a list with the day's offerings!  The bartender - even though he was trudging through the weeds - kindly answered my questions and poured a couple of samples.  Overall I give it three because I wanted a bit more, but a good time was still had by all.Really good beers and food at really good prices.  Yum.  They usually have a beer on cask.  On the day I went, it was their Jewish Rye.  It was good, not too heavy, not 'bitey', and not much CO2.  I also ordered a chicken sandwich.  It was really good.  Comes with a chicken breast and a few strips of ham, greens, and a really tasty sweet sauce.  It also comes with house-made sweet potato chips!  I've never had those before and they were great.Great craft beers, low pressure staff within a warm and casual space,.  Live music on occasion.  
The only draw back really is the parking situation in Old City.  You've got the Ritz Garage on weekends and the small lot off of Front street, just don't try to park on Chestnut as the signs have crazy hours and the PPA are on hand to quickly ticket and tow your car.Went here with a group of people Friday night & we all had a lot of fun.  The food was really good, the service was excellent.  Most of us got burgers, and everyone said their burgers were excellent.
My boyfriend is in love with the Old Style Lager, and I am a huge fan of the Amber Honey beer.  They have something for all beer tastes!  I usually take a ton of pictures but I didn't this time...I'll have to make up for it next time we all go.
We were seated in the upstairs portion of the restaurant, and had pretty much a whole section to ourselves - it was very nice.  The waitresses were all on top of things, very proactive about refilling drinks, etc (since I used to be a waitress I definitely notice these things) and super friendly.  
We will definitely be heading here again - for happy hours and for dinners.Draughts were totally lackluster. Bartender was knowledgeable but a dick about it. Neighborhood sucks. Crowd is full of themselves. 
Boyfriend and I popped in here because we hadn't heard of it and wanted to try some of the stuff they had on tap, I had one of the most disgusting hefeweizens I've ever had in my life, and I don't remember what he had. It doesn't matter anyway because I won't be going back here.are you kidding? This place is weak weak weak.
They have a $20 limit on credit card tabs, which of course they don't tell you or announce in any way.  When I expressed surprise by this, the bro-tard bartender got all agro with me and was like: "well I'm telling you now!"
point taken buddy.  What you are really telling me is that you don't need my business.  Actually they probably don't,  because this place is literally overflowing with tools. Douchebaggery of all sorts is well represented.
Oh and the beer is completely mediocre. Some of the brews were average, some were bad (sampled a few because a friend and I each had to reach our 20 minimum, remember? awesome.)  No food was ordered, just lots and lots of shitty beer.
basically if you have a shred of taste or class, don't bother.Went there recently on a trip to Philly. Its located in a very cool area with alot going on all around.
The bar had a great, friendly feel and accomodated all types, including families with kids. Great bar area and a really nice huge couch that seats about 10 people in the back.
The beers on tap were really delicious. We only had appetizers but loved the wings and the pretzels were very tasty and original. They come in soft sticks and very awesome
Highly recommend for hanging out with friends in the back, watching a game or with friends in the bar area or even with the family.I love this place. It's walking distance from my house and has great food and beer, plus a cozy and fun atmosphere.
Eat: Try the Cuban sandwich or the smoked turkey.
Drink: The beer sampler rocks. You get a small glass of every kind of beer (for only $8).Atmosphere is good. Ask for jennifer as your waitress. Beer is disappointing as was the food. With so many other choices in the area I do not think I will be back.I am really happy that triumph is an option in old city...I am also partial b/c I am from princeton, the site of their original location. 
Triumphs beers are drinkable (ie less flavorful than most popular microbrews but more flavorful than a 'normal' beer). The best I had in my recent trip was the belgian golden...the ipa was not so hoppy and the amber ale was a little weak. The happy hour deal can't be beat--only $3 per beer! And with some tables outside, on a warm spring day like today I was in heaven. 
there are also very satisfying burgers with a wide variety of cheeses to top them (my partner got cheddar ale fondue and i got bleu). I loved the fries, but if you don't like your fries crispy you better go somewhere else.I could be biased since I live above this place and go here all the time, but it really is a great place. It's a beautiful bar. The food is very good and reasonably priced. The beer is made there and there are all kinds of interesting varieties and they are delicious.
But the best thing about this place is the type of people it attracts. Good people who enjoy good beer, good friends, and meeting new people. There's just a very good vibe here. No assholes. No drunks. No bitches. It's like the place you want to go if you don't want to be around a college crowd. I'd say the typical age range is 25-35
Oh, and on Wednesdays they always have good live music.Triumph has a great atmosphere, decor, and a decent menu. I liked their pilsner and the cypress pizza wasn't half bad. Unfortunately, the service just wasn't up to par - our waitress was late with everything and when I stepped outside to make a phone call without my ID, I had to convince the door guy to let me back in (after a certain time, it becomes strictly 21 and up).
Maybe a second visit will help me change my mind about the rating!GREAT FOOD!  Wow some truly unique items on the menu and a ton of fun.  Service was rude (a Philly staple for nicer restaurants though).Definitely one of the better bars in that area of Old City.  The food is above average, with delicious pizzas and fried avocados making the top of the list for great cuisine.  The beers are brewed there and wonderful, the service is stellar, and the wine list -- for those of us who prefer wine to beer -- is substantial.  The atmosphere is anything but your typical dive bar or beer hall, with an upscale and airy atmosphere and decor.  Also, if you get to go for an event or band there, it's divine.
I'd just say watch the weekends at night.  It can be a little bit of a college party.Excellent microbrews, couldn't get enough of the Jewish rye beer.  We had a fun time with the beer sampler, doing blind taste tests.
Food is great, a few vegetarian options.  My fiancée is in love with the mussels in white wine. Live music is decent, but wouldn't go just for that.  Overall we love this place!If you're in the know, you can order a very special cheeseburger at Triumph. It's not on the menu. They also have beers that are not on the taplist. These cool secrets raise this spot a bit in my book.
Jonny and I split this burger, and I'm glad we did. Because I would have felt horrible (mentally and possibly physically) if I ate it all alone. It starts with pork belly fried in duck fat. This delicious patty is then sandwiched by two grass-fed beef patties. This is all topped with bacon, gruyere, truffle oil, duck fat onion confit, a fried egg, and lettuce and tomato and onion. All served on a buttery brioche roll, this burger is a feat to be tasted.
Triumph has a beautiful, open space on Chestnut in Olde City. They have two bars pouring a good selection of there beer, all of which is made on location. The menu isn't amazing, it's standard American gastropub fare with regular prices. Avoid the mediocre calamari.
Bottom Line: I don't like to visit Olde City bars often, but the special burger tempted me. I really enjoyed it. I'm not running back to Triumph anytime soon, but I'll consider it if I'm in the neighborhood. (And then probably walk across the street to Eulogy)Place had great decor, and awesome beer. 
I had a burger there that was great tasting. For 2 beers and a burger price was acceptable. 
The person who stated a lot of douchebaggery was right, you do see a lot of that there. His bartender may have been a prick, but my server was very nice and easygoing. Cool Place overall, will go there again.I'm not a big fan of attempting fine dining in a bar but we were surprised at the quality of the food. 
But let me back up. We had an event to attend in the upstairs part of the place and we showed up to a distinct bleach smell when we walked in. It wasn't until we went upstairs that we noticed they were cleaning one of the big beer brewing thingies. I probably would have done this in the afternoon when there weren't customers. Not at 7pm. But hey, it's not my bar.
We had a few drinks and soon the event was over. By this point, the smell was gone (or we got used to it), the place was filled and the servers were nice so we decided to go downstairs and get some food.
I ordered the Lamb Sliders and the Mushroom Ravioli and as usual I had the best luck since my co-diners had ordered the Tuna Tartare, the Truffled Frites and the Grilled Cheese and they weren't as good.
The Sliders were amazing. We really were blown away by the consistency and the flavor. The figs were a great touch. 
The Ravioli was pretty perfect as well. They had a great flavor and we were pretty much fighting over them (since the grilled cheese was pretty boring and my date decided to trade plates). 
The Tartare was passable but it was nothing special. It was totally fresh and well made but it was just missing some excitement. I wouldn't get it again.
Lastly, the fries. I'm a huge fan of truffles but I've said this before : using some truffle salt or whatever they are selling restaurants to give things the truffle flavor is not the same as using actual truffles. These were ok and would make a wonderful snack with a beer at the bar, but not really a great appetizer for dinner.
For dessert we got the creme brulet and I wasn't too impressed (but I did eat it all so it must have had some goodness to it :)
Overall, we were pretty happy and we'll be going again so we can try more stuff from the menu. You should too.I've been here a few times, most recently to participate in a homebrew competition that Triumph Hosted during Philly Beer Week 2012.  While I have a few issues with how the contest was run it was overall a lot of fun and I'm glad I participated.  
As far as the brewery/restaurant goes, its a nice place.  It is much bigger than I expected it to be and the upstairs is big enough to host decent sized private parties.  The downstairs bar is long and has lots of seating with TV's behind the bar that typically have local sports playing.  The brewing area behind the bar has the tanks on display providing the necessary brewpub experience.  
I haven't yet had the opportunity to eat at the restaurant but the food has always looked good and I have heard from others that the food is good.  I will update when I eventually get here for lunch or dinner.  
So...up until this point the place is looking pretty good.  Big bar, clean, good atmosphere, tv's available but not dominating the place, good staff, reasonable prices.  Looks like a 5 star place to me!
Unfortunately, the one and only thing holding Triumph back from becoming a go-to spot in the city, not just for me but for tons of people is the beer.  It's not that it is bad, it just isn't on par with the other brew pubs and breweries around Philly.  Place Triumph in nearly any other city and it would dominate, but Philly is a town where every corner bar has a top notch beer selection and every microbrewery is pushing out world class beer.  Triumph unfortunately just isn't there as far as the beer goes.  The number of beers they brew and offer on a daily basis is impressive, but you can't help but feel that they would be better off doing just a few great beers rather than a bunch of OK beers.  
Overall, Triumph is not a place I would avoid, and actually would be completely content going there if someone I was with suggested going, the food looks good and the beer is good, it's just not great and Philly has spoiled me with great beer options.I see a lot of people have a lot of bad things to say about this place, but I've never had a bad experience.  It's sort of like you get what you expect.  They make their own beers, which is really cool because it's the only place to try them as they don't distribute.  They also rotate them, which is really cool.  
If you ask any bartender about any beer, they will fully explain it and offer you a taste.  The only beer I have had here and don't like is the ginger beer.  It's creamy and pretty weird tasting.  I've had some of the food, which has always been decent.  
My last trip here there were two girl bartenders working who were not friendly and looked pretty miserable, but they were still quick to serve.  Their happy hour is also great!  Even without happy hour, you can't beat $5 craft beers.Thank you Yelp for the 10% off coupon!
Came here today for beer week. I wasn't a fan of the Princeton location (check my very recent review of that if you want to just see what went wrong there), but I love this location. I will definitely be back. The pints were $3 for beer week (yay!) and they have really good brews here. The honey blonde and oatmeal stout were especially delicious.
The wings here are also good, as is the fig pizza. The waitress was very attentive and nice. We will be back!Exactly you'd expect from a brewpub.
Great for groups.
Great beer selection.
Casual atmosphere.
Food-wise I've only had the pretzels there, they're delicious. But be warned- the yellow sauce is mustard! Though it looks like cheese and is tempting, it is NOT cheese. Even after I knew it was mustard, I couldn't stop myself from dipping into it as though it were cheese!I had a really disappointing experience at Triumph last night. I have eaten there many times, and always enjoyed it. Last night, the fried calamari had zero flavor and was barely fried, my burger was flavorless and the lettuce and onion were not fresh. The beer was still good, of course! I would have given some of my criticism to the waiter, except he never asked how anything was. He was very nice, just didn't seem interested. This has been a favorite spot in the past, and we were extremely disappointed!This is getting four stars because of the amazingly delicious pumpkin ale and loaded baked potato skins.  
The beer was the first pumpkin ale I've had that actually tasted like pumpkin.  With hints of nutmeg and cinnamon thrown in there without being too sweet, it really was the best beer I've had.  It can be pricey, since they brew it themselves and only serve their own beer, but if you go at happy hour, all of the drinks are half price.
The potato skins came with what they call beer fondue.  The word fondue was a bit of a misnomer, as it was more of a sauce on the potatoes, but it was delicious nonetheless.  It was a mix of two cheeses, flour for thickening, and beer.  To die for.
I had a burger as my main meal.  It was pretty tasty, but nothing special.
My friend had the chicken wings.  She said the wings were very meaty and totally filled her up.  Her only complaint was that they were a bit on the colder side.
Cool ambiance and the place seemed pretty lively downstairs.  We were taken upstairs to sit, where it was a bit quieter.   The waitress was fairly friendly and attentive.
I'd definitely go again...just to get that pumpkin ale.I was visiting a friend in Philadelphia so we decided to go to Triumph. We went in a little before dinner time on a weeknight and it was basically dead. They seated us at a booth and the waitress seemed upset that we just ordered beers and two appetizers to share. As a waitress I can understand this, but when you're dead it's not like we're taking up your section.
My friend got the Hoppapalooza which, of course, was hoppy but he enjoyed it. I got the Framboise (raspberry beer) and it tasted a little like cough syrup. I lived in Brussels for a few months so it's not that I don't like framboise, and for a place known for its craft beer I was expecting something more. We shared two apps--roasted fingerling potatoes with crème fraîche and duck, mushroom, and onion quesadillas. Both were just okay. I appreciate the local and organic thing, but for the price they weren't out of this world. I'm sure on a busier night there would have been better atmosphere and maybe even livelier service, but I can't say I'm in a hurry to go back.One of the nicest Microbreweries I have ever been in as well as friendly.  The food was outstanding and I must suggest that you try their beer sampler: I found out that I like Honey Wheat and detest Belgian style brew. The Turkey Buffalo wings were great and the sauce was a great adventure in itself.
08.2009: Once again this place proved itself as my favorite ppub in the lower inner-city.  It was good food and great beer!Triumph was a hit. If you give me good beer, decent service and great food, I'll be happy. Got together with my brothers here and had no trouble catching up  with the volume of the restaurant. I'll be back.The one thing I go here for is the Irish Red Ale that they serve, now it's not always there but they have other choices that are just as great. The food is amazing, the music can get pretty loud on a weekend if you're just trying to sit down and eat and enjoy some company but lets face it Triumph IS still a bar.A solid 4 stars for Triumph.  It's yet to let me down...except maybe for that moment in November when I found out the the pumpkin ale had run dry. But that's forgivable because I'm sure I will discover a new seasonal fave in no time.
I've never eaten here, but the beer is awesome (duh)--you pretty much can't go wrong with anything on the list, my favorites being the aforementioned pumpkin ale and the India pale ale.  I appreciate the eclectic mix of music too.  Old school Michael Jackson, random 90s alternative, and solo John Lennon songs back to back?  Yes, please.  You almost want to stick around just to hear what they'll play next...not that I need any coaxing to stay!A bachlorette party needs food before booze; and this is where we chose to fuel up before hitting the Philly  bar scene. Our table of 18 wasn't ready when we got there (that's fine - it can be tough), but when we were seated, our section was severely understaffed, so there was a lot of waiting. 
The menu was pretty basic, and while I liked my gnocchi, no one really seemed to like what they ordered. A lot of plates went pretty much untouched, and we usually aren't too fussy. 
Overall, I wouldn't recommend it, especially at the prices they were charging.Curry Pork tacos es muy beuno!!!  The nightly jam session is not too bad either.Beer and food menu's looked good, but our beers tasted flat and burgers were well-done when they were ordered medium-rare. Dissappointing, but definately a place i would try again. Great fries.Great beer and food. The atmosphere is little on the high end. The staff is very friendly and outgoingthis review is more about the experiences i've had there than the actual product that Triumph puts out--which in itself, isn't too shabby.
simply, the bartenders here are awesome.  if you come here alone (sad) or with a couple/few friends, i highly recommend you take a seat at the upstairs bar--it's small, but it provides such a great, intimate setting for casual conversation.  the most recent time i went, i met up with a classmate and his friend who was in town, who were having a beer and some food at the upstairs bar.  for the life of me, i can't recall the bartender's name, but he claimed to be the bar manager.  he's friggin awesome.  as well as providing us with clever banter, we couldn't help but notice him experimenting with various concoctions behind the bar.  we inquired, and he said that he's trying to develop a seasonal drink list for the fall--we quickly and happily volunteered to be his guinea pigs, and soon ended up being deliciously hammered guinea pigs.  great times.  the quality of the beer and food were appropriate for their price points--nothing that'll blow your mind, but nothing that will disappoint either.Hola, Yelpitos,
It's BEER WEEK! For all of you beer lovers and beer tasters, this was one nice place to check out! And did I mention--it's BEER WEEK.
I read in the PW that Triumph was hosting beer week specials all week long ($3 Beer! Nice size glass!) and that live jazz was being played on Tuesday.
Well, I told the hunny: "let's go explore--and it's BEER WEEK" and we sure did.
Triumph has a nice atmosphere, especially enjoyed the live jazz, a nice selection of brewskies, and some awesome looking food that passed by from time to time.  We had a nice sampling of their brews and discovered our faves (me Hefeweiser [sorry for the mangled spelling]; he the IPA), and had some dessert, a yumilicious chocolate bread pudding (it's sweet and salty, which was a nice surprise!), before we headed back to home base.
My hunny and I agreed, we would definitely go back!  (Yay, another date night in the making!)
Go, enjoy $3 Beers ... and btw: IT"S BEER WEEK!Lots of beer, not packed, plenty of booths, chairs, and tables. A good place to go to for a low key night conversating with friends.I liked the spinach salad and the menu selection. Hands down, the best spinach salad I've ever had. I didn't like the loud music on the 2nd floor and the stream of waiters and waitresses (3) asking if I wanted something to drink.
I went for the pizza as Philadelphia Magazine rated it pretty well and ironically, it wasn't that good. (I should have expected it as prosciutto/ arugula pizza does not go well with red sauce but rather a balsamic reduction). I will be back but I won't order that particular pizza. 
I will definitely go back for the salad and perhaps something else on that very diverse and seemingly tasty menu.Awesome beer and atmosphere. The open rafters and exposed brick and wood is an awesome touch. Prices are right on the money for what you get. Will definitely return.I ate here last week with my girlfriend, and found the place had a cool vibe to it, live music was just starting as I was leaving, and over all it was a pretty good experience.  The cornmeal crusted calamari was pretty good, and the salad we had was even better.  In all, it was good - and the beer was pretty tasty.  I give 4 stars for the fact you can sample their beers before you order and the customer service was good - not to mention the food is organic and fresh.Really like this place. Beer's great, about 8 varieties of their own beer. The food is excellent. Recommend the steak frites poutine, moules frites,  burgers, and pizzas. Service has ranged from mediocre to great depending on server. They have live music downstairs some nights. Nice bathrooms.A great neighborhood spot! I like to come here for a casual dinner, or with a group for happy hour. Their food is surprisingly fine tuned, with great dishes made from local ingredients. My recent favorite was the squid ink pasta with caviar, squid and shrimp. YUM. The laid back atmosphere, great service, live music makes for an all around fun place.LOVE the place. went there twice during my weekend stay in Philly 
beer is great (specially the IPA)
no complaints about food either (those pretzels... Homer would drool on them!) wings are ok (not spicy enough), burger is great and the snitzel was fantastic. vibe on the 2nd floor not as great as the main floor, but for supper it passes the test
enjoyI have a special place in my heart for places that make their own beer. I am by no means a conesseur of beer but I do tend to prefer the micro brews over the bigger guys. 
Triumph is great for large groups or as a starting point before experiencing the rest of Old City's night life. The food is typical bar food, not exactly my favorite place to eat, but the beer keeps me coming back. Keep in mind that some of these are stronger than your average beer, which I consider to be a plus. 
I really like the set up of Triumph. Several bars, different seating areas. Perfect for different sized groups. My favorite area is towards the back on the first floor; it's a round couch thing with a table in the center. Also, (sorta weird) but I love their bathrooms!I went out with a couple of friends to try out this place.  It's definately an all American style bar food eatery. I sampled different dishes thanks to the many friends that went. Even sampled some of their different beers. Good eats + Good drinks = Good Times.Oh Triumph. What happened? You used to be great, crowded but not too crowded, great beer (all brewed right there), and I was able to have great conversations but somehting has changed and NOT for the better.
 When we arrived there this time, there was a COVER. Unheard of at Triumph, but there was a $5 cover. First thing that I was not pleased with but it was not the deal breaker. There was a band, and playing LOUD, like we were 40 feet from the stage and I still had to shout to have a conversation. No one sat within 25 feet of the band and half the bar was empty becuase the music was so loud. Then it got worse. They brought out a DJ. A DJ playing loud, thumping dubstep music that made it even more impossible to have a conversation. This is a brewpub not some nightclub.  I asked the manager when the DJ would end and he said 1AM and the DJ was still assaulting my eardrums at 1:20 when we finally left. It was also less crowded then when I have previously showed up. While correlation is not causation I felt that the ridiculously, inappropiately loud music drove people away. I will still try their beer but do not plan on returning to the bar. Across the street is another great beer bar called Eulogy. Think I'll head there next time. I would give it 1 star but their beer is still tasty. 
In sum : Great beer,  but have it somewhere else, your hearing will thank you.Not much variety on the menu and a bit overpriced. Oh, and I did see a mouse scurry across the floor which has not a good sign.Showing up at Triumph at 9 pm on a Friday night, I was pleasantly surprised to be seated immediately. Loudness aside, I really dug the atmosphere. Modern decor, plenty of room, fabulous bathrooms. The beer was truly decent and my grilled cheese sandwich was delightful. Unfortunately, service was pretty sub-par. The seemingly attentive waitress lost interest in us as soon as our food was served, so I was left without water in my glass or a spoon for my soup! Portions are decent, unless you order a salad. My friend was served a speck of lettuce and an unfortunate choice of dressing (bleu cheese?) drowning the strawberries below. So be warned. But go for the beer. And the bathrooms. And the calamari.IThe spinach salad, caprese salad, pork sliders and burger were awesome! The beer selection is great. My fave is the Rye PA.Great Micro Brewery. Get a sampler I'm sure you will find one you'll love! The amber ale is a delicious treat!! Decided to have dinner and it was amazing. There soft pretzels where sweet and salty the homemade mustard was a definite treat. I had the pork with cabbage and wow. Slightly crisped around the loin an the cabbage tasted as if it was soaked in the beer giving it a vibrant taste!its pretty.but i'm not a beer fan. and the food is just ok. it is loud in there. i found myself having to yell to my date. i have been here 3 times. all different experiences. i dont think there is anything wrong with the place. not saying i will or will not go again. i just dont care either way. it didnt leave that much of an impression on me. the bathrooms are cool tho.Upscale bar food, and the beer is great! The flight of beer is a good way to taste everything they've got. On a weekend, the place is PACKED. We couldn't even get a table before 10pm. The music is decent, bartenders are friendly, and it's a relaxing spot to hang out. I WISH they would bring back the Buffalo Chicken Spring Roll!Came to Triumph for a quick drink before dinner, I tried the Brunch Stout which was an imperial stout with a generous helping of  coffee flavor. The beer was good, my friend tried a pilsner style beer which was fine.
The space was nice, and the menu was pretty accessible, the restaurant is really making efforts to source menu items locally. There was a singer-song writer type singing which was not my thing but he was fine. This would be a great place to bring a family member from out of town.
I plan on trying this place during happy hour to sample more of their beers.Triumph on a Saturday night... some things just seem to make sense. Met a group of friends here for dinner. Our table ordered Potato Skins and Calamari for appetizers. The Potato skins were more like half a massive backed potato piled high with bacon, chives, and cheese. No complaints, just would have preferred a few more and the smaller potato slices so more people could have enjoyed them. The Calamari for similar price was a much more sizable portion, so I would more recommend that for a group, and the Potato Skins for 2 people.
Meals were burgers and ruebans. I enjoyed a burger cooked to spot on medium, with a caeser side salad. The salad and just a slight pepper flavor in the sauce, which went well with the burger. A few of the folks at the table had Reubans, which I'd like to try on the next trip. They do it with coalslaw in the sandwich, which a friend enjoyed. It was pretty sizable portion, so had me definitely thinking for next time. For drinks I had a few Honey Blonds which were refreshing, and later in the night a few whiskey sours made with egg whites instead of sour mix. I highly recommend them. Overall, a nice night out.
I'm a fan, happy to head back. Not saying 5 stars, but 4 is definitely accurate. Not wild about the live music, but i've been here a couple times, and sometimes its good, saturday night.. not so good.Really nice bar.  I've tried some good beers here and pluses on services and food.I've been to Triumph a few times and although it's a nice location and not terrible, I hesitate to give it three stars. The hostess seems to make an already awkward bar even more awkward by trying to control every aspect. Not letting people sit down who don't want to order food isn't cool when there is clearly no where else to go. Taking a bunch of people who want to drink and enjoy their beers and forcing them to either stand or spend money on food seems like nickel and diming to me. 
I've been to a lot of brewing companies now. I'm not impressed with this place or their beers.I'm genuinely surprised by some of the not-so-great reviews. My friends and I stumbled across Triumph on a late night after a show. It was a bit off the beaten path and not terribly crowded, so we decided to go for it. There was a live band, which was only two people (bro-sis combo) singing some originals and some recent indy covers, which was nice. 
The food. The food!! I had one of the local seasonal options: Eggplant Casserole, which had a nice spicy tomato sauce and layers of mushrooms and zucchini. Really nice and light. My friends, however, went for the Philly Bacon Burger. Oh my goodness, that looked amazing and they were really impressed. There is pork belly, a sunnyside up egg, cheese, bacon, truffle aioli,  and, of course, a hamburger. Add the usual fixin's and it's awesome. The fries are super crispy and delicious, as well. The others had the Belgian Something, as well, which was really nice.
Anyway, these out-of-towners loved it. I highly recommend!A very nice place for some fresh-brewed beers and gastropub fare, but overall a bit cavernous and noisy.  This seems to be an issue with all brewpubs - probably a result of needing all that space for the vats, the acoustics are always pretty bad.  That said, Triumph is better than most, a very sleek space - and it is worth a visit just to see the bathroom setup!  The food was also good, I enjoyed my smoked salmon reuben quite a lot!This place is great to dine or to drink.
The food has always been good, but in the past year they've up the gamed by adding seasonal offerings.  The menu ranges from typical bar food to more interesting gastropub fare.  All of it is well executed.
If you just want to go here to drink, its a great place to escape some of the more douche-riddled bars in old city.  The upstairs is usually open on the weekends and you can escape the more crowded downstairs area.What happened Triumph Brewing Company? What have they DONE to you? You were once my reliable go-to after a flick at the Ritz 5, offering me a surefire way to avoid the usual sea of Olde City douchebaggery. Oh, how I loved your brews and late-night menu complete with herbed frites and peirogi! 
Yet this past weekend, after a viewing of An Education (Carey Mulligan = my new girlcrush), we entered TBC expecting the usual mix of laid back professionals and artsy types alike and were rudely alarmed. Literally. Some dude with a blowout hairstyle and no volume control was going apeshit in the entryway. A quick once-over of the crowd confirmed we would not be staying.  
Is this the end of the post-movie dish about the characters, costumerie, and plot? I sure hope not. :(Admittingly, I didn't have huge expectations going into my visit to Triumph from the reviews here.  Tales of uneven service and food had me a little uneasy.  Why I wanted to go here anyway? Simple, they brew their own beer.  We first got there on a rainy Friday around 5pm.  The place wasn't super packed, but looked to be about half filled.  We were greeted kindly by the hostess and seated right away.  The server (whose name I don't remember at the moment) was extremely kind and patient.  I tend to be a kid in a candy store when it comes to selecting beer.  Thankfully, the server guided me to the "sample" option which I was able to choose 4 of their home brews to taste for $6.  Score!! I tried the Honey blonde, Summer Wheat, Belgian Saison and the Abbey Dubbel.  All the beers were pretty darn good.  I liked the summer wheat and the abbey dubbel the most.
For food the gf and I shared the hot crab and artichoke dip as an appetizer.  This is quite delicious, creamy and rich.  The crab was plentiful and the accompanied pita chips were fried to perfection and made for easy dipping.  Probably the highlight of the meal.  For entrees my girlfriend got the shrimp fettuccine special and I got the pineland farms burger with cheddar, bacon, grilled onions and chipotle aioli.  The girlfriend didn't much care for her entree as the shrimp tasted a bit funny.  I assume they were probably frozen and had a bit of a freezer burn.  I didn't care to taste them, but we came up with that assumption.  The burger I had was great.  Though on one note I did order the burger medium, but it came out well done.  Wasn't happy about this, but it wasn't enough for me to send it back.  The grilled onions I could have done without.  I guess I was expecting carmelized onions...but they were basically raw onions with some grill marks.  Meh.  The saving grace was the chipotle aioli...which I was dipping my fries in after awhile.  Awesomesauce (literally).  The burger came with hand-cut fries.  They were pretty good, but I suspected them of sitting out a little because some were a bit soggy.
Overall I would definitely come back here.  The staff was extremely friendly and accommodating.  We had an issue after we sat down.  We were encroached by a large group of people and were basically huddled over as we were eating our appetizer.  It was quite uncomfortable and this group of likely happy hour work friends had no manners at all.  The hostess kindly seated us at another table.
Tip: Make sure you definitely check in here.  10% off your food!Came here the other night to grab drinks with friends. Great jam band playing and an eccentric mix of people. Warm vibes and friendly bartenders.
As a Philly/Princeton based brewpub, they offer lots of local and seasonal beers on draft, too. It actually had more of a Bostonian feel to me.
Drinks were pricey, but this is a good bar to congregate to with friends if you are interested in actually getting some conversation in and want to listen to up-front live music any and every night of the week. Next time I'm here, I'll have to check out the menu, too.Outstanding, delicious beers. I highly recommend trying a flight - one sample of each. I'm not an amber ale fan, but theirs is still sticking in my brain three days later - nice and malty, with a burnt sugar-like flavor. their coffee and cream stout is roasty, and definitely tastes like you're drinking an espresso. the IPX is floral and very drinkable for a 7.5% alcohol beer. my only regret is that you can't take some home!
nice food menu, too. mussels with chorizo was tasty, fries perfect. may have to drive down here again soon.
upstairs bar was dead early on a Saturday night, but had a nice chat with the friendly bartender.I had a nice time at Triumph!  I had my first trip to Triumph this week, and I have no complaints.  You cannot beat the $3 happy hour.  I had some beer with a super long name --Rochweissenschnitzelbodt or something.  It was alarmingly good.  I also ate dinner there, which was adequately priced and quite yummy!  The service was nice, and the atmosphere was chill --two things I did not expect in Olde City.  I would consider being a regular at Triumph!If you're a beer fan, you have to check out Triumph. The selection is ever-changing and I've never met a beer here that I didn't like. There's also a really great happy hour special on food and drinks that's worth checking out.
If beer isn't your thing, Triumph still has a great selection of food to offer. Make sure to stop by for lunch!Good beer, indifferent service.  Cajun Mac & Cheese was surprisingly good, happy hour pricing was good, beer samples also good.  Can't stand it when wait staff/host(s) are huddled together in plain view chatting amongst themselves though, especially when they aren't nearly as friendly with customers...if you want good tips try smiling once in a while when you're with your customers, it makes a big difference.I ordered the Smoked Turkey Sandwich and loved the generous portion of turkey with a kick garlic aioli. The bacon and brie were on the lighter side, but overall, it was a very enjoyable sandwich.  I also loved the delicately light potato chips that simply melted in my mouth.One of my best experiences in Philly so far. Went to Triumph for Friday happy hour. Enjoyed a delicious bourbon spiked apple cider and a grass fed beef burger with fries. The meal was perfectly portioned and delicious. Server was very good. Looking forward to going back soon.Bring me my avocado fries!! I like the chill ambiance here; I could easily spend a lazy afternoon here sipping on random beers and then puking in their awesome bathroom. 
I really like this place.....but only the Philly version bc the Princeton once is bleh. This space is good for big parties, dates, or just casual beer tasting.Stopped by here for dinner and decided to upgrade my rating from 3 to 4 stars.
The upgrade is based on two things.  
1. I came by during happy hour which runs from 5-7pm.  The special is half price drinks.  This includes anything at the bar (beer, wine, top shelf, well, mixed drinks, etc.).  It is one of the better happy hours in area since it applies to all drinks.  They also have a limited happy hour menu of a few food items for $5.  
2. The second reason for the upgrade is that the food is pretty darn good.  I had a pasta bolgonese and my wife had a veggie flatbread.  Both were very good and prices were reasonable.  I think the menu could use a few more vegetarian/vegan options. 
I still keep it at a 4 star because I'm not sold on the beer, but at half price the beer is a great deal and definitely worth it.  I probably just wouldn't make a habit of drinking here during non-happy hour times. 
TIp/Advice:  This happy hour is good....drink here from 5-7, then head over to Buffalo Billards for the end of their happy hour (6-8pm) for $3 beers and half price apps.We went to Triumph this past weekend for a friends birthday party. the food was pretty awesome. I  would go back.In Philly for a friend's wedding, I was invited to the "let's all get together the night before and get wasted" party. Sort of like what happens after the rehearsal dinner when all the middle-aged adults go home to bed and the twenty- and thirty-somethings stay out 'til 4 am. Enter Triumph. (and its $5 cover...boo!)
It's a very tame space (well, except for that pseudo-punk screamo girl band that was playing, which seemed a bit out of place for this atmosphere). The beers were okay, but the selection was not exactly to my liking. I know it's a microbrewery and that I can't get a huge selection that way, but I do wish they would have had a wheat beer or something. I tried the Irish dry stout, which was indeed dry. Friends sorta liked the pumpkin ale and the IPA.
The food was really good, and our waitress was excellent - especially since we had a large group and only some of us were ordering food. 
If returning to the area, I'd probably seek out another bar.After my disappointing visit to Q BBQ Tequila Bar, I was looking for a good burger joint in the neighborhood.  I ventured in to Triumph with a little trepidation to try their food.
I'm not a big beer fan, unless it's Guinness, so I wasn't there to try the beer.  In addition, if I had a beer AND a burger I would feel like my stomach's about to explode.  
I had the Triumph burger.  It was tasteful, but not the best burger I've ever had.  The service was lackluster, our waiter was having more fun with the other waiters than he was serving us.  Keep in mind, there were only about 6 people in the brewery for lunch!  He certainly wasn't busy serving other customers.
I went back one more time and had the smoked chicken sandwich.  I think the sandwich was too wet and the smoked tasted overwhelmed the sandwich.  In addition, the chicken breast was dry.
Conclusion: stick to the burgers.  I guess that's what you should really expect from a brewery.I went here with some friends for a Friday happy hour ($3 pints, and the promise of half-price burgers and selected appetizers). I met up with them while they were seated outside, then we moved inside. We tried to be seated at the bar (apparently the only way to get cheaper food) but our party was too large. We got the tall table behind the hostess stand. Our waitress was obviously very busy with her other tables but still tried to be attentive.
I tried the Munich Dunkel, which was great. Sips from everyone else's beers were also promising. Since there was no discounted food, I ordered a side dish, the spaetzle with cheese for $4. It was delicious and the sauce was great to dip my friend's truffled fries into. The truffle oil was not for everyone, but I kept coming back for more.
Our waitress broke the rules and let some of us do separate checks (thank goodness). I'd definitely come here again but with a smaller group and without trying to seek out any deals. Until then, my experience only merits 3 stars (ok, 3.5 for the awesome bathrooms).The first time I ate here, the food was good, service a bit slow.
The second time I tried to eat here (7pm on a snowy Saturday night, with my parents), the hostess asked if we had a reservation.  We did not.  She told us it would be 20 minutes before we could be seated.  Due to the snow, Old City was dead, much like Triumph.  I could see 5 empty tables from the front door.  
Maybe she didn't like my furry winter hat with earflaps.  Maybe it's because I had my parents with me.  Maybe Triumph thinks it's the Spotted Pig.  Either way, I won't be going back.Sooooooo....well......uhhhhhh.......hmmmmmm......ok. I thought I had done my fair share of research on this place considering I read the yelp reviews, and looked at the menu, which seemed appetizing...I'm not from here. I live in Los Angeles, I'm dating a chef and I'm a foodie so yes, I will say I'm a bit of a food snob...quite particular about the things I consume, especially when I'm paying for it. Their menu is trendy...more small plate options versus entrees, so I ordered a couple of small plates. I figured I could take home what I didn't eat. 
PROS: They were playing Michael Jackson Off the Wall, followed by Prince to set the ambience, the decor was pretty nice and the wings I ordered were solid. And that's pretty much where things end. 
CONS: It was a minute before I had a waitress bring water and come to my table, but I will forgive that since it was a Friday night. I ordered a regular coke and decided on the bbq chicken nachos (which seemed really promising) and the standard wings. I asked for ranch instead of bleu cheese and she tells me that she would have to see if they have ranch...what type of "american" restaurant doesn't carry ranch? I didn't ask for Grey Poupon, I asked for ranch! She says "nothing on the menu calls for ranch so we don't always have it." Ma'am you have salad and wings on your menu, there is always a need for ranch! Anyway, it takes nearly 30 minutes for my two "small plate" entrees to come. Considering these are still supposed to be appetizers, that's just a bit too long. 
As I said, the wings were ok. So on to these, uhhh, nachos. Where do I begin? Lets start with the presentation. You bring me this gigantic bed on chips but put all the toppings directly in the middle of the bed? oh ok. My chips tasted like they were cooked in lukewarm grease...jus stale. The black beans were hard and dry, there was some sort of green sauce spread on a bottom layer of chips that I would have liked more of, the sparse amount of "bbq chicken" was cold and there was some sort of cheese sauce drizzle...i would have preferred a dallop. To top them off, was an abundant handful of scallions...an ingredient that was not mentioned in the menu but considering I told the waitress i didn't want any red onions, I thought she might ask about those...she did not.  I found myself picking off the scallions and trying to find chips with stuff on them to create something meaningful. I didn't want to send them back because I just try not to do that. So I ate my decent wings dipped in the ranch that she found and took the nachos home to my friend. He says to me "why did you bring me these movie theatre nachos?" Ouch. 
Anyway it was another sub par food experience in Philadelphia...I've had some great stuff...but I've also had some not so great stuff. I'll try another place next time.Mediterranean pizza it's killer. .. but neither of us liked any of the 9 beers we sampled in the flight. .. nice atmosphere and our waitress was the bomb (Devon!!! Thanks for the awesome service and smile)This place was so much better before they switched chefs and got rid of the blue cheeseburger. I used to go at least once every couple of weeks just for that, but now I don't even make it there once every couple of months. The burgers now are way too greasy.One word.... Bathrooms!  Yep, bathrooms.  This is the first time I've ever commented on a bathroom, but these were great because each very large and private stall had it's own individual sink.  I had never seen this before and didn't expect to see it at a brewpub.  The place itself is gorgeous dark, wood, leather... appropriately gruff south philly bartender who seems to have a better than average knowledge of the beer.  I also tried one of the best beers I've ever had here.  The Dry Irish Stout was definitely the best brewpub stout I'd ever tried.  I was just there  yesterday, so it should still be on tap if you want to try it.  I didn't try the food, but if it's half as good as the beer I'll visit often.My friends and I had a great time last night eating outside in the perfect weather, with drink specials til 7pm and delicious bites.  We shared the truffle oil french fries and I had the chicken souvlaki, which was plentiful and yummy.  None of our food completely knocked our socks off, but we did enjoy everything as did those around us.  We will definitely return.Great bar/restaurant vibe.  Interior is very cool.  We sat in the upstairs bar area.  Great bartender, great waiter.
Beer was ok.  I had the Snakebite, which tasted stronger on the cider side then others I have had.  But it was crisp and refreshing.  My boyfriend had their regular draft and wasn't impressed.  
For dinner we ordered the gnocci and the garlic mussels with fries.  Again, my boyfriend wasn't impressed with his gnocci.  There wasn't alot on the plate for him (he's 6'2, 215lbs - he likes to eat!).  I normally think he's jsut an over eater, but the plate did look small.  He ate it all before I had a chance to try it, haha.  
As for the mussels and fries: the fries were great!  Very crispy.  The mussels came in a HUGE bowl!  Even with my boyfriend helping me, we weren't able to finish them all.  The sauce was very garlicly, but that made it delicious!  Next time I plan on trying the curry sauce.
Great casual place to grab dinner and drinks before heading out for the night.I was here on a Monday afternoon for drinks and if I come back and actually get food I'll be sure to update my review.  The atmosphere was quiet, naturally, as most people are probably at work at that time.  They have a lot of different beers, and the service was really quick.  Of course the service should be fast when there is only a handful of people in the building.  There was a TV playing a music station and another one showing the baseball game.  I remember coming here a little while ago on a Friday night and being asked for a ten dollar cover which I promptly turned down.  I think it's unreasonable to pay that much just to be able to go inside, sit at the bar, and pay more money for drinksEnded up here after a Grim Philly tour.  I was pleasantly surprised!  Local brews and great food!Things I think make Triumph delightful.
1. $3 drafts 5-7 weekdays
2. the pretzels on the apps menu
3. the booths
4. the bar is styling!
5. the musical talent that revolves through this place.
I've been going to Triumph for years and years, and seriously, I wouldnt take  back a moment. I've never had a bad time or a bad meal and that is the kind of dependability you want in a bar. You don't have to wonder whether your time and money will be well spent, you simply know. 
Seriously if it were not crazy snowing other there right now, I'd consider heading over right now.I have been to Triumph several times and I keep hoping it will be better.  The atmosphere is fine and the staff is friendly enough, but Triumph tries too hard to be something it is not.  The beer is not bad and neither is the food, the execution is what is seriously lacking.  I went this latest time during beer week for a beer dinner which was changed at the last minute to a smaller affair than was previously posted.  The pairing itself was great, each dish well matched, however the beer did not arrive for a while after I got my food.  So after waiting and waiting....starving.....I finally got my beer.  Then the live music started BLARING over the speakers....ridiculously loud for dinner or even a concert.  I am done...no more triumph for me...it's just not worth it.Dropped in late one evening and found a great variety of microbrewed beers and an awesome blues band playing.  Both turned out to be pretty excellent and we later found out it was Beer Week.  How cool is that?Great, funny, and entertaining staff. The happy hour deals are AMAZING (all alcohol half off, anyone?), and the food is delicious. I absolutely loved the atmosphere, and the fact that they have music every day is great! This was one of my first bar experiences in Philly, and I definitely plan on coming back!!I learned about TBC when I went to see a band.  I love this spot!  I went on a Saturday night at about 10:15.  It was about 65% full when we arrived.  We were seated right in front of the band.  So awesome!
After we arrived, the place filled up.  After 10, a limited "late night" menu is available.
PROS
-- Food was tasty.  I ordered the tuna melt and a hot apple cider.  For dessert, I ordered the apple crisp.
-- The space wasn't pretentious or a "meat market."  It seems to attract people looking to have a great time and listen to great music, which is refreshing.
-- The crowd was diverse, and the atmosphere didn't lean toward either a younger or older crowd.  It was just right!
-- You could sit at the bar, in a booth, at a table or out of the way in the area off to the side.
-- Friendly staff.
-- You could go with a group of friends and have a fantastic time.
CONS
-- 2 drinks (beer and apple cider), 2 meals (sandwich and hot wings) and 1 dessert (apple crisp) was about $50. That's a bit pricey to me.
I definitely plan to go back!YO PEOPLE. that smell ur all talking about? HOPS. Thats what happens when they brew beer at Triumph. Ya either love it or ya hate it... and i lovvve it.Sorry:  Too tourist-y, too corporate, too many of the bartenders have attitude, and the beers would have been awesome 10 years ago but in the midst of the craft beer revolution, no longer impressive.great beers and service.  Garlic wine mussel frites were amazing- came for happy hour and it was not too crowded which was a plus!I've had some minor quibbles with Triumph in the past, mostly regarding individual servers and the food portions (more on that later), but they deserve 4-star status for one simple fact- the stuff they actually serve you is outstanding.
The rotating beer menu always, without fail, has at least one or two selections that are great; by that I mean carefully crafted with complex, varied sensations and still drinkable. You will find out how a beer can be smokey, nutty, and go down smoother than a glass of water.
Food wise is where things get pricey, and you might get a "WTF" moment when you see how small your portions are. But take one taste of those pretzels or those lamb sliders and you'll only want to break your bank account to get more. It's like the cocaine of food.
Add up a cool atmosphere, good entertainment, and you've got a solid, reliable source of pleasure in Old City.AWESOME beer!! As a craft beer lover, this place was a must during my visit to Philadelphia. The Cream Ale.... Ohhh so good! It was thick and delicious like an old-fashioned cream soda. Sadly I didn't get a chance to try the food, but I'll definitely be back :-DI went here twice while on vacation.
1st time: beer sampler and fried manchego cheese.  I was in LOVE!  The beer sampler was enough for two people to share.  I think it was about two pints.  I had already eaten, but saw they had friend manchego cheese with a quince marmalade.  SO GOOD!!!
2nd time: ordered a glass of wine, fried pickles, and a pizza.  (That combo sounds gross, but it wasn't too bad.)  The pizza & pickles were pretty good.  However, it was open mic night or something like that and the place was CRAZY loud.  If that's not your scene, go at an earlier time.
They brew their own beer and they had some really interesting flavor combinations.  I highly recommend the sampler so you can try all of them.  I think it was about 12 bucks.This is a great place for an event.  We hosted a 30th birthday here and had zero problems.  The event coordinator, Danielle, is very responsive & helpful and the server designated to our party was extremely helpful.  I would quickly recommend this for anyone looking for a fun space at a competitive price.If you and your party want to wait 1 hour and 15 minutes for your food, topped off with an uncaring, unconcerned, unapologetic Manager (female), and a waiter who doesn't care enough to check on your group, then Triumph is where you want to be.
We made reservations for 20 people for a celebration party well in advance, yet the service we received was subpar. Our waiter took our drink orders then disappeared, we had to physically get up and track him down so we could put a food order in. Not once did he return to see if we wanted to order appetizers until our food came or needed more drinks. After 45 minutes of watching other parties about half our size around us get their food, drinks, and prompt service from their waiter we decided to track down the Manager to find out what was going on with our food since our waiter obviously didn't give a damn. 
The Hostess, who was very nice and more concerned about the fact that we had not received our food than the Manager (Memo to Manager: Take a lesson in CUSTOMER SERVICE from your Hostess, she gets it!), informed the Manager of our issue. The Manager informed us that they have three other parties going on - Ummm not our problem, you could have called us and informed us that service was going to be shitty and we would have taken our money elsewhere. After another 15 minutes of waiting - no food, no waiter - we had the Manager return to our table to inquire about whether we were going to be served, she said our food was coming out and disappeared into the restaurant. 10 minutes later still no food, so we tracked her down again and informed her that we were leaving and that they can keep the food. We paid for our drinks and left. We had dinner at Cuba Libre (better service all around).
If you want QUALITY SERVICE I suggest you try another restaurant. If a good Brewery experience is what you want Iron Hill in Media is a great spot. 
Special THANK YOU to the Hostess for giving a damnTerrible experience. Would not return. 
My husband and I live in the area and went to Triumph to grab a bite and a beer. Although three employees were standing around the entrance, no one greeted us. Finally we approached  an employee and were seated. The server was pleasant and attentive at first. We both received our meals and then a massive private party came in. Our server was scarce after that. We were bumped into enough times that we moved ourselves and our meals to a table further from the bar. People were placing their drinks and bags on our table. It was ridiculous. You would think the host or the server could have told us that a massive private event was scheduled to start. Nope. Terrible. They just lost a couple that would have been regulars.Great beers here. Reasonably priced for the fact that they make everything on site. the food is ok. I feel they are going for an uppity type hipster joint with some sophisticated flare (all the decor screams "I'm so in the NOW") George Jetson would love it, I almost expected to see Rosie (she's the Robot house maid from the Cartoon for you youngin's) to hover down from the 2nd floor with a witty retort.. alas.. didn't happen. So the food was ok.. A bit over priced for the quality of it. I do NOT like the co-ed bathrooms. That to me is the reason I will not go there to eat. ***disclaimer- I have IBS and sometimes have to.. well we'll skip the details. I just find it unnerving knowing that there could be a women next to me god forbid my IBS shows up***(hope she's good with god) I'm a big fan of privacy, not so much available here when it comes to restrooms. On a positive note  I played music here (sound system was good, sound guy *Nick* was better- the dude knows sound) So the 4 stars I've given is in regards to the product  (Brews) Triumph Brewery comes out Triumphant when it comes to their true core product.
I will go there for delicious brews when I see fit. 
end sceneIn a nutshell, Triumph is a decent place... but there are better places to go for a drink and a bite to eat. I feel a little bad giving this place only 3 stars, because some elements are definitely 4-star worthy, but it just didn't quite do it for me. 
The Dark & Stormy I drank was quite delicious, and my salad was good too, if on the small side for the price. The noise levels, plus the stupid TVs all around, cut down on my enjoyment, though the live musician was talented. I long for a bar without TVs and with music loud enough to hear but quiet enough to speak.I don't think I could ever get sick of trying new local beers, especially while on vacation in Beer friendly Philadelphia. Triumph is another great beer place located in Olde Town, so my friend Erica and I stopped in for happy hour. 
Looking over the long list of beers on tap, I was drawn to the Love Potion No. 09. It was really good and one of thier stronger ales. http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0R2yKDNMUztQwgo8pG4z-Q?select=rCwnpxaW5uyZpLiU9lO2Ww
Second up, we went for something a little lighter, a Hefeweizen brew that hit the spot. I can't remember the exact name of it, but it was delicious! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/0R2yKDNMUztQwgo8pG4z-Q?select=bpYW9i7S5vYq-Rb2NGHYHg
Triumph is a total score on Chestnut and another great addition to one of Philadephia's reputation of having great local beer. Go Triumph go!YES! A bar in Philadelphia showing the eagles game! You could learn something @buffalobilliardsI went to this place back in January when visiting Philly. Had really good beer. People seemed friendly and the place even had spots where people could sit on couches and play games. I didn't try the good but it looked good.Husband and I had a lovely, laid back date night here last Friday night. For starters, I love the location. There are plenty of great bars near by if you want to continue the brew sampling a after dinner.  Also, street parking is much easier to come by here than other places in town.
I just love the vibe at triumph.  It is so chill, and definitely the type of place that you feel comfortable hanging out and drinking without being rushed.  The bar is super cool looking too.
For starters we ordered the dip trio.  The dips were very tasty, and I loved that for $0.50 you can get more bread to del with the excess dip.  Wy don't more restaurants do this??!
My husband ordered the Reuben sandwich, and it was hands down the best Reuben ive ever tasted.  I ordered the bratwurst sandwich.  The pretzel roll was a nice tough,and the apples really gave the sandwich a unique spiin.
I also can't say enough about the service.  My husband and I know our beer and always have lots of questions.  The waiter was able to answer all of the and really guided our selection.
Since we are so well versed in beer, I wasn't totally blown away by the beers offered at triumph.  The selection was great, but I just didn't think they were the best.  I would suggest the flight for $9 so you can taste them all and make your own determination.
That being said, I will definitely be going back to triumph.  The food, vibe, and selection are excellent!Ended here after the Grim Philly tour.  Never been there before that.  We had appetizers and sandwiches and ALL the food was excellent.Went to Trumiph this NYE. Turned out to be a great choice. 
First, it was nice go to a restaurant that was nice and had both prix fix and single item menu choices. I wish they opened up the 'pub menu' a little earlier, but the snacks became part of our feast later on. Also, $30 for unlimited beer was a great deal for me, who can put away quite a few pints in a sitting. 
The food was good, like a slightly more upscale version of Iron Hill's gourmet pub fare. There were many different choices on the menu, at varying price levels, which is always nice. And to top it off, 100% grass fed beef!
The beer itself was very good, if a little middle of the road in terms of their flavor. I would describe all of the beers I had as fairly mild, as none were particularly hoppy or bitter. These would all be good for a novice drinker who wants to sample different styles. I highly recommend the honey ale, the cream ale, and the unfiltered pils. 
The most pleasant surprise, however was the service. Our waitress was excellent, and remained friendly and attentive the whole evening, which allowed me to drink as much beer as I could without having to leave the table for bar service. Impressive! 
I want to go back on a non-holiday, and also try their Princeton and New Hope locations.Triumph Brewing Company is located in the middle of a busy block on Chestnut Street.  Searching for parking, I actually passed the restaurant twice without noticing the business.  There is a small, curbside outdoor area where I and a friend chose to eat on such a beautiful day.  Ultimately and unfortunately, the outdoor eating space is crammed, where I felt like every other customer eating around me was listening to my conversation.  This is not the place for a private dinner.
The selection of beers on tap is extensive and varied, and the appetizers, although titled "small plates" on the menu, are actually very large.  I would say you receive quality AND quantity for your money's worth.Ambiance:  It feels like a slightly upscale pub.  The atmosphere and furniture are nice, but nothing special.  The one downer (maybe upper for you) is that on nights when there is live music, it can get super loud so that you cannot talk with your fellow dining mates.  The upstairs is not always open, so you cannot be guaranteed the ability to get away from the noise enough to be able to chat.
Service:  Generally good with a glaring exception.  Usually when I come here the service is good, not super attentive or personable, but good.  Last night I went here and the female waitress was pretty awful.  We could never get her attention to place our drink order, our food order, get our check.  We would ask her questions and she say that she had to leave and get an answer for us, and when she did return 15 minutes later didn't even broach the topic we asked her about.  We rarely saw her in our area of the upstairs dining area and it made for an incredibly frustrating dining experience.  The worst of it was that the table seated next to us (15 minutes later than us) had a super attentive waitress and so they got their drinks, food, check all before we did.  I wouldn't be upset if she even mentioned why she was missing for large gaps of time (overloaded with tables), but this never happened.
Food:  Similar to the theme of the place, the food is upscale pub food.  Unfortunately the upscale price does not always match the food they offer.  The annoying part is in the small oversights.  Why buy a $15 burger when the meat is not seasoned, no char on the meat, and the bun is too big in relation to burger?  The answer is...you kind of shouldn't.  The fries are delicious, but certainly overpriced for what they are.  A shining star is their grilled cheese sandwich - even though it is $9, it was delicious with Taleggio cheese, caramelized onions and served with a side of tomato soup (they should really give you a spoon for that).  The side salad that they serve it with is pretty much a throw away because the dressing is way too heavy for the light greens.  The real reason to come to Triumph is for their happy hour beers, at $3 they are a steal.  Come for the beer, stay for the food (if you must).
Overall:  I will continue to come back for the happy hour beer, but hesitant with many of the overpriced and under-delicious food items.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
UPDATE - Since originally posting this review, a manager at Triumph contacted me about my unsatisfactory dining experience.  She provided an earnest apology and sought to remedy the service issues.  I appreciate, and I am sure that other customers would agree, that the management at Triumph is so attentive to customer reviews and focused on providing a great dining experience.The outside dining area was pretty packed so we opted to sit inside. It was a little stuffy, and I wish the windows had been open to let in a breeze.  The decor is pretty nice, however the bright green lounge area doesn't really fit in with the rest of the place. 
Our server was pretty awful. We had to ask twice for napkins (not extra, just napkins in general) and never received silverware. We actually had a different server keep better tabs on us than the girl who had our table. I thought about mentioning to the manager when she came to grab our check, but didn't.
I liked the beer, and the price point was good. I think most were around 5.50.
For an appetizer we got the pretzel bites. They were buttery good, and I couldn't decide if I liked the mustard or cheese dip best. I would go back just for these and a brew, if nothing else.
My wheat crust flatbread was underwhelming. Goat cheese, caramelized onions, apples, figs and bechemal sounded like a can't miss, but sadly it was a little off target. The apple chunks were too big, and would have been great caramelized with the onions.
My boyfriend's Southwestern burger looked tasty (had it been veggie and not beef) and he said it was really good. 
I have to go back for the pretzels, so maybe next time we'll sit at the bar and service will be a little better.Triumph just doesn't wow me.  I don't know what it is.  I've never had a bad experience here, but I've never been super impressed either.  Overall it's fine.
Beer selection is fine.  But if I'm in a beer mood, I think I'd rather be at Khyber or Eulogy which are both right around the corner.
Food is fine.  Nothing I've ordered tastes horrible (although I did think that avocado fries would be tastier than they were), but again, better bar food elsewhere in the neighborhood.
Atmosphere is fine.  It's nicely decorated, clean, roomy, but forgettable.
How's that for a lackluster review?  I'm getting bored just typing it.I'm not sure about anything else on their menu, but the hamburger (made of grass-fed bovine) is simply spectacular....for the rest the place is quite nice, with cool live music. I am not much of a beer connoisseur, but I hear from my friends, their beers are spectacular. Plus they have a kind of prive' room upstairs that is nice to hang out and chat without having to order food. The only thing I didn't like is that at times, on weekends, they charge you a small cover-charge to enter the restaurant.As a West Coast brewer, I wasn't particularly impressed by the beer selection. There were a few gems, including the rye, the IPA, and the imperial stout, but a number of very mediocre brews. The place was warm, welcoming, and mellow, but a bit too mellow for my taste. The place was half asleep on a Friday night! The band seemed both surprised and confused by the low energy. Is it always like this? It's a fine place to go grab some beers in a cozy environment, but it's nothing particularly special, either.I hate to have to criticize this joint, but the last few times that I've visited, the place smelled of sulpher or something like that.  
There are three Triumphs.  The first one is located in Princeton, and it took an act of the New Jersey legislature to permit brewpubs in the state.  Ray Deutsch, Triumph's founder, hired a lobbyist to persuade the legislature to permit brewpubs.  I'm not making this up; I know Ray, who has since sold his interest in the business.  Anyway, because of Ray's and Triumph's initiative, the Garden State has brewpubs, for which I'm very, very appreciative.  Triumph then expanded with a brewpub in New Hope, and it's nice.  The Princeton and New Hope Triumphs are worth visiting, and there's always something worth drinking there.  The food's not bad, either.
Ah, but this joint in Philadelphia was permeated by a strange odor the last few times that I walked in.  I just walked out without asking about the weird odor.  I hope that they get that straightened out, and, if they do, I'll be a customer again.Triumph is one of my favorite places to get a good brew and will walk  all the way from Market East in the freezing cold for one of their delish IPAs.  Most recently, I've been trying a lot of their food.  Previously, I would ALWAYS get their cheeseburger which is INCREDIBLE but  everything i've had there has been awesome (Empanadas and Parmesan fries especially!)
Beer is yummy!  I REALLY enjoyed the Rye Ale and the IPA; although watch your IPA consumption, four of these pups and I was three sheets to the wind!
They also have bands sometimes and have found myself on more than one occasion getting my boogie on in front of the band (after a few IPAs of course).  
This is always a fun time.... definitely a must do!Flights of 8 beers for $8. How can you front on that? You can't. Now, they aren't full beers--How awesome would that be?--but they aren't shot glasses either. They are at least double shots. I would guess maybe 4 oz. or so... You can pound them out in two big swigs if that's your style, or you can sip and enjoy them. I chose the latter and got my drink on throughout my entire meal. It was great.
Said meal was a blue cheese burger with bacon, which was good... Not great, but definitely a decent burger. I also ate a bunch of my friend's mussels, which were very tasty. What more can you ask for from food at a microbrewery? If you want world-class cuisine, well, then you're kind of dumb for going to a place whose primary concern is beer.
Quick word on service: The actual table service was perfectly adequate (i.e., nothing to write home about) but on that particular night, one member of our party of eight wanted to watch *The Baltimore Ravens* play football, so when we called to make our reservations we asked for a spot where we could see the televisions... This probably presented a bit of an obstacle since the place isn't a sports bar, but they were impressively accommodating and pushed together four bar tables so we could catch a glimpse of the TVs over the bar.
BOTTOM LINE: Best beer sampler ever, good food, helpful host staff.Let me start by saying...I wish I could give 3.5 stars.  Triumph was better than 3 stars, but not good enough for four.  Sorry.
I really think I could have enjoyed my time & dinner at Triumph much, much better had it been more than say...about 45 degrees inside.  Seriously, it was FREEZING.  I was in pain from the cold (& I was wearing a turtleneck & long pants), it had my body so tense & strained.  Hopefully, this is not the norm at Triumph, but I don't know.
Beyond the freezing temperature the decor was nice & I enjoyed my food.  I tried a really rather mouth-watering jalapeno tomato soup - yum!  My entree was the fish and chips & I must say the fish were breaded to perfection.  The chips were pretty good, too & I really liked the presentation of the dish.  My boyfriend on the other hand, hand the porkchop which he said was good, but was impossible to cut with the inferior knife he was provided.  
You might ask, well why didn't you simply ask for a better knife?
Well, we didn't get the chance to ask because service here was very poor (& it wasn't even *close* to being busy that night) & our waiter was M.I.A. most of the time.
To be honest I wanted dessert, but between the poor service & the polar temperatures we wasted no time getting out of this place as soon as we possibly could.
As this is a brewing company I wish I could give my opinions on their beer, but sorry I don't drink beer, period.Can't comment on the beer since I didn't have any, and all I ate was fries, but I didn't really get a good vibe from this place.  Stopped in on a Saturday afternoon and took a seat at the end of the bar, but then had to wait 10 minutes before the bartender noticed us.  
One of my pet peeves is when the faucet in a bathroom is too close to the sink which requires you to do hand gymnastics trying to fully rinse your hands while they rub all over the sink.  That's how the bathrooms are here.If you're the kind of person who enjoys hooking up in bathrooms, Triumph is your place. They're almost like mini-rooms with ample space for movement; stalls be gone! 
Aside from that, it's a hit or miss crowd. On busy, South-Jersey-invades-Old-City-nights, Triumph might be the last place I'd go, but it beats the other area sleaze asylums. 
The space is very accommodating for groups and the beer selection is great. I'll take their home brews over Philly Brewing Co.'s any day. Personal fav is the Irish Red. The food also scores, try the Cuban sandwich.Cool place with a great vibe. This is a really large area so it is great for groups of people. The service here is great and all the staff are very helpful. This is a clean brewery and is very inviting. The beer is pretty good and they have a great variety of different beers, which works great because if you come with a large group you will have different tastes for different beers!
I definitely recommend coming here. Probably best to come with a group of 4 or more!I loved this place. The beer sampler was great and the food was amazing. The sweet potato fries were the best!Triumph Brewing Company is one of my favorite places to eat. They frequently rotate items on the menu and after having tried many different options I would say that they are all very good. I am not a beer afficionado but I've really liked all the beers and cocktails I've had there, and they are pretty reasonably priced. Happy hour has a bunch of $5 appetizers, $1 off beers, and half priced cocktails, and it runs until 7 which is later than most of the places around that area. You can get a good meal for $10-$12. I also thought all the waitstaff there are friendly and helpful and the atmosphere, while definitely noisier than a fine dining establishment, isn't so bad you have to yell across the table like at some places. No complaints, really. Great place.The beer is really pretty good here if you're into this kind of beer.
The bartenders are generally a-ok. One time the bartender got me and my friend really drunk cause he wanted us to sample all the new beers. that was cool.
The patrons are odd. There's typically a good amount of a middle aged and older women who dress and act like teenagers. I don't get old(e) city.Good American fare. As the name suggests, they brew their own beer and have a good variety. The personal pizza is huge and well worth the price! I'm a fan of live music and they have local groups playing on weekends.We met a couple friends, had some beers and plenty of good food. The plates were tasty and service was good.
Friendly staff and management. The cooks/chefs deserve special recommendation for the treatment and spices in the dishes.
The Helles lager was not for me, but, the Oktoberfest was excellent!Contemporary, cozy & reasonably priced.  Oh, and a very robust beer selection.
Must haves:  Mussels & frittes, lamb sliders, beef carpaccio, & watercress beet salad
Skip: Duck quesadillaWith over 200 reviews and counting, I'm not sure this review is even necessary, but anyway.....
Triumph has an excellent selection of brews, though I highly recommend just getting the sampler first to try everything and see what you like.  I was amazed by the number of beers they have available.  Walking in it just seems like your average bar but on closer inspection it is so much more.  Bartenders are knowledgable and attentive.  I can't really speak for the food.
Random note: check out the bathrooms, it's a pretty neat set-up.  But best to go before you've had a couple beers to avoid confusion.Long before I knew of yelp, I went to this place. I went today for a holiday party. It gave me a lot to write:
Since all of the "small plates" were gratis, I got to taste a bit of several:
Lamb sliders: tasty morsels, good cheese.
Calamari: a bit fishy, light batter, avoided the collective aioli
Hummus: I make it better, but it was fine for a chain
Polenta fries: best of the bunch, not a bad pick
Butcher plate: went so fast I didn't get a try, but i noticed people left pieces of it on their plate, so it was fate or something...
I also ordered Moules, which came without bread (bummer, or bad sign, I can't tell). I got the leeks and bacon version, which was fine, I guess. It arrived cooled, which was not cool, but tasty like it would have been great, had it been hot. Most of the shells were open, but half the mussels had fallen out of their shells, which I considered to be a bad sign, and I only ate half of the plate. It was free after all... how bourgeois. The frites were floppy and unappetizing at their arrival, which is unfortunate, because they have the appearance of a tasty french fry...
The beers were overall a B/B-. They had a rye beer which was the best of those I tried. Also, their pilsner was a light-ish beer that could be savored with a lot of their food options. The stout was sweet and made for a good after dinner beer... Unfortunately, the waitress tried to foist the stout on me after their "special reserve was out". The special reserve was a version of the stout, aged in bourbon barrels or something. She said it made it smoky and watered down, but the only thing that was smoky and watered down was that bs sell on the reg stout.
Overall, I suppose it was a good place for a party, nice space and the waitress was not all that bad over the course of the service. I would try it again for a drink on a busy night, but with very low expectations.We went here for Dinner on Saturday night.  First impression is that the place tries a little to hard to be chic.  We were initially seated in the "lounge" area.  I'm not sure how you would ever eat dinner in the lounge since the seating is extremely uncomfortable and the tables are not too accommodating either.  Once a table opened up I asked our server to move us to more normal seating arrangements.  The food was very good, my wife had the portabello mushroom sandwich and I had the NY strip steak.  The beers were also very tasty.  Nothing too "extreme" just well made and extremely enjoyable.  I was upset at myself because I had one too many and didn't get to make it to Eulogy across the street:-(  Would definitely go back.I'm only giving three stars because it seems to be one of the only brewpubs in the area which is odd for a city the size of Philly.  The beers sucked... completely unbalanced in every aspect.  The hops used in the IPA just seemed to clash with each other versus providing a nice hoppy flavor and the smoked Weizen was just disgusting.
I've heard that the food was good but didn't try it myself as we were there just for the beer (a big mistake).
The atmosphere was upscale and modern... more club like than brewpub.  I really think they have an identity crisis.Triumph really hit it out of the park for our friend's bachelor party this past weekend. Our reservation with another local restaurant was canceled by the restaurant on an hour's notice, and Triumph saved the day. 
We had approximately 20 people in a private room setup and booked within 5 minutes of learning that the other restaurant decided they were going to shoot themselves in the foot.
The food was great, Jason provided very attentive service to our ADHD group, and the bill was very affordable for our feast.
Two thumbs WAY up.