Love this place for brunch. Its hip. Its cool. Its quality food. Next to the river bike trail. What wlse...?  Oh yeah!  DOG FRIENDLY OUTDOOR PATIO as a bonus!!!Stopped here with a friend from work for a quick lunch and wasn't disappointed.  I usually  try to stick with healthier options, but I am so glad I splurged on the chicken and waffles.  Both were flavorful and fresh. There was plenty of butter and syrup on the side.  My friend had eggs with feta cheese. She told me says after that she couldn't wait to go back and order them again they were so delicious.  We both also ordered sides of grits which made our meals perfect.  The service was efficient but not hurried.  It was chilly on the day we visited bit there seemed to be ample space for outdoor dining which I'm looking forward to next time.Friendly service, fresh food. I came here thinking it would be a small dive cafe that I could grab a snack from but was pleasantly surprised that it was a modern, fresh, full menu cafe. We enjoyed breakfast and lunch items including smoothies, waffles and kids meals. It came fast, we ate it all up and it was affordable. Atmosphere is nice and outdoor seating is a plus. They are very friendly and accommodating as well.This is a great place. I had a tuna melt panini and I have also had their yogurt parfait.  Both were delicious and freshly made.  The potato of the day was roasted red potatoes and boy, were they delicious!  The manager on duty was great and I noticed another employee wiping each piece of silverware before wrapping it up in napkins- awesome attention to detail! I will definitely return here another time!Huevos Rancheros was delicious. Portions not huge, but service very friendly and price is decent. Will come back!I was walking my dog along ridge avenue and decided to stop in for breakfast. I had seen on other yelp reviews that there was outdoor seating and it was a nice day, so I went up to the front and asked. A server took us out to the back and it was a tented patio with a heater, which was nice, because it was chilly.
The servers were very attentive and they even brought fresh water for my dog (they also have a doggy menu!) the food arrived quickly and it was moderately priced and delicious. This is a nice quick place to stop into after a run or bike ride on Kelly drive.Before taking a walk on Kelly Drive, I alongside my 4 friends decided to have lunch at the Trolly Car Cafe.  I have to start out by saying that this is a small dining area temporarily and it is a challenge it looks like to fit large numbers of people inside. Groups of 4 come in one after the other and the wait is sometimes long. The staff does an amazing job of remaining patient and professional while handling all of these tasks. 
The menu selection is great and some items are very unique! We each had breakfast items and they came out in a decent amount of time and were very delicious.
The only thing I will say, and I know they cannot help it currently, however it is a very small dining room and very loud when it is filled. There is also very little space and it can become quite crowded at times but other than that great service!Every new year, our staff does a local brunch to help us ease back to work after the holidays. This year someone suggested the Trolley Car Cafe. We have a staff of 23, so it can get tricky finding a venue that can accommodate a group our size where the prices are reasonable and the food variety meets the dietary and taste preferences of everyone. 
This place hit the spot!
They basically reserved the whole restaurant for our group, forming 2 long tables. 
The La Colombe coffee is delicious and the server kept it coming!
All of the food arrived hot, including the eggs! Everyone LOVED their food! There was praise for the Chicken and Waffles, Breakfast Gumbo, and California Benedict! Also, the orange juice was fresh and tasted great!
The only small things to consider was the slightly lengthy wait for the food, although the server was attentive throughout, and the limited parking. 
Many of our group expressed the desire to return on there, especially to enjoy the outdoor seating!Went here for lunch today at it was delicious. I got take out and everyone was so helpful and nice when I went to pick up my food I couldn't help but tell them! I got the Caprese salad and added the grilled Cajun shrimp to it. It was soooooo good! everything was so fresh and I love that they don't put a heavy vinaigrette on it they let everything stand on its own.. The shrimp and just the right amount of kick to it and the salad was the perfect size. It looked very clean and welcoming inside I cant wait to go in and try some of there breakfast items they look just as good.Good food.  Dog welcome outside!
 Slow service at 1030 on a Saturday morning.  Tried to put six people at a four top, and all our food.   Could not get our drinks refilled.Great Breakfast and lunch spot. I come here every time I am in the neighborhood. Highly recommended.  Staff is always kind.Well, I decided to give Trolly Car another shot. I called my order in from work, emphasizing "NO MAYONNAISE".
I get to Trolly Car, they give me my order and luckily I checked it. Wanna no why? Because it had mayo on it, again.
Everyone at Trolly Car needs a hearing aide.Went here for brunch this past Sunday.
I got the huevos Rancheros which was AMAZING.  House made chili was so good, the only thing that was a bit of a let down was the eggs were not runny, they were cooked all the way through.  Would've been A++ otherwise, but still really good.
The only weird thing is that we arrive at 1:30 and were notified that they closed at 3pm (which was fine) but breakfast menu would only be served until 2pm, and then from 2pm-3pm it was only the lunch menu?  Just seemed a bit odd.  Fresh squeezed OJ was great too.  I also liked that you could bring your dog to sit with you on the patio.  
Will definitely visit this place again.Excellent find!  Scrambled eggs and corn bread. Delish!  We will definitely be coming back!I had avoided this place because I thought it would be like the diner (of which I am not a fan) so I was pleasantly surprised when I agreed to go with a friend who suggested it.  Much better than I expected.  The only reason I'm giving a three star and not a four is because we only had breakfast, and it was a first visit. I'll try again and see what I think.  Menu is small but nice.  We both had breakfast -- I just did eggs, toast and grits but all were good.  They poached well, the multi-grain was good, and the grits were yum.  The coffee was good.  Service was adequate but could have been a bit more attentive.  The jelly should have come earlier (it was good -- homemade and interesting flavors) and we should have been asked about coffee refills, but it was fine.  The outdoor patio space was pleasant on a fall day and we both thoroughly enjoyed the opportunity to eat outside.  Just passed through the inside dining room. Looked small, but comfortable and cute.  Looking forward to trying this option again.This place is so cool! It is an old bath house turned into a cute café with lots of outdoor seating. 
Their breakfast menu is really good with a nice variety of healthy options. The frittatas are my favorite and I have had them a few times. The last time I was there I ordered the Garden Frittata made with egg whites and it came with a side of toast. It was delicious! 
I can't wait to go back to try their milkshakes next. They look yummy.Food was amazing best spot to go to for brunch!! Jasmine was a great help highly recommend this placeFood was just ok and menu was uninspired. Great location and wonderful that it's dog friendly.This is a really cute cafe.  I went there for brunch and was pleasantly surprised.  It's perfect for a stop off on a bike ride along Kelly Drive or in Wissahickon park.  There are several bike racks outside to facilitate locking up your bike.  They even advertise bike rentals and repair, although I didn't use either of those services.  We both got bagel sandwiches and orange juice.  The eggs were fresh and delicious and nicely cooked and the orange juice was fresh squeezed.  There was ample outdoor seating on the back patio.  I would return again for brunch.Trolley Car Cafe has its quirks, for sure -- it's located on a hard-to-find corner in East Falls (Kelly Dr and Ferry Rd) where life becomes very difficult if you miss the initial turn into the parking lot (which is easily done).  Tip: use the 50-cent/hour parking lot located in the center of the intersection.
The dining space is really cramped on the inside, and the acoustics are awkwardly echoey and loud.  Food is decently palatable and the menu is a step better than average diner fare, if a little overpriced.
If I hadn't had friends with me who knew how the place operated, I wouldn't have known that it was self-seating, or that food was ordered from the counter -- no guiding signs or helpful counter staff to show you the ropes.  And while I don't have a problem with ordering at the counter like you would at food-serving coffeehouses and the like, it just didn't make sense to do that when our waitress served us our menus, our utensils and our food at the table.
Overall, not my kind of place -- though I can see the quaint, relaxed charm appealing to others less fussy than I am.I was very pleased with this incarnation of The Trolley Car restaurants!
Trolley Car Cafe, East Falls, diverges largely from its siblings. Trolley has rain proof outdoor seating, a cozy and warm indoor environment, perfectly sized portions, and a creative menu.  
As far as the menu Trolley can whip up the usual along with unique selections like cream chipped beef, breakfast nachos, and Belgium waffles (ice cream and fruit if you want)! One thing that really stands out are the rectangular plates, it just makes the food more organized and it's more fun to eat that way.
Because Trolley is dog friendly, clean, and modern you can't beat it! Also our waitress Sarah was wonderful as she was quick, nice, and thoughtful. Great service. Never been disappointed.This is a wonderful cafe in Philly!!  We were in town for the Independence Day Regatta and came here for brunch and lunch over the weekend! The frittata was awesome and the Cobb salad amazing!   Sit outside and enjoy Philly!  Ask for Holly, she is a fantastic server!!!Just returned from Trolley Car for brunch with my bf.  Overall, not a bad experience. Parking was a a bit inconvenient. They have a parking lot, but it only fits a few cars, and I think 4 of those spots are for takeout only  or they will tow you.  We ended up parking around the corner on Ridge.
The place is cute enough..clean and uncrowded with a tiny dining area. The best seating, in my opinion, is outside, where they have a cute patio area. Unfortunately, it was too cold to eat outside today. 
We ordered Belgian waffles with pecans and bananas. I also had turkey bacon, and my bf had chicken sausage.  They had a special today which sounded delicious, which I kind of wish I had tried... a turkey and apple melt on a croissant. Some other interesting-sounding things on their menu were: a montecristo sandwich, kobe or crabcake sliders, and challah frenchtoast. They also offer omelettes... each topping will cost you $1.00.
The place is ok. It's perfect for eating on the run or after a day of running or biking on Kelly Drive.  I wouldn't go in there expecting to get "full" 
because for the most part, the food is pretty light.
The only thing I didn't like was their selection of tea. They carry Tazo teas, which in my opinion is the worst brand out there.
People say they're expensive, but we thought their prices were average.first lunch with the new team at the new job. i think this is a pretty popular spot...mainly because there aren't very much other options in the area. the space is small but still cute. everyone ordered something different and seemed to really enjoy their food. i opted for their bbq pulled pork sandwich...omg! it was so delicious. our server was nice too.
the only meh thing for me were the flies (it was an extremely hot day though so i'll give them that) and the blase attitude from some of the other staff.
since the food was good and my experience wasn't terrible, i will def be stopping by again to give them another try...especially since they are nearby.I have been to this place for brunch 3 times and have enjoyed the food, however the service was so bad most recently that we have been turned off. I don't know how they expect to run a competitive business if they are losing ticket orders.  
We watched everyone else get their meals and finish before our food was even brought out. After we caught on and realized that we were the only ones not eating, the waiter came over and asks if he can verify our order.... Because tickets were missing.  We had to place our order again. This was a solid 55 minutes after placing our order originally. At least an additional 15-20 minutes later and our food finally arrived. 
Except for the side of roasted potatoes we ordered. 
Had to ask for those again.
We were waiting so long, the bus boy came over to clean off our table before we even got our food.
When it was time for the check... we had to wait an additional 15 minutes after the waiter acknowledged that he would bring our check over. 
There was no apology or acknowledgement that they really dropped the ball in losing our order. 
Food is good. But management really needs to get it together!Lovely little spot just off of Kelly Drive that has a lot of charm and great food. Indoor seating is limited but their outdoor seating is accommodating to pets. I've seen that they also sell little treats for them. It's called a cafe but they have pretty nice variety on their food menu. 
I've come on multiple occasions during the old and new management and have had good experiences every time. A couple of my favorite items are the fish tacos and the BBQ pulled pork sandwich. 
Due to its size, it lends itself more toward intimate gatherings. But one of the best things is being able to enjoy a walk down Kelly Drive before or after stopping in at the cafe.I went for the first time yesterday for breakfast.  I arrived a bit after 8 am, and there was no one else in the cafe when I was there.  I ordered pancakes, and then proceeded to wait.  And wait. And wait.  After fifteen minutes, I asked what was happening.  I was told they cook their pancakes in a skillet in the oven (what???) so it takes a big longer.  Finally, after twenty minutes, I left.  
How can it possibly take more than twenty minutes for pancakes when there is no one else is the restaurant???  I won't be back.I have been going to trolley car for a few years now. They recently had a remodel and must have hired a new manager Holly who is horrible. When I went on to pick up my order she was snapping at her co workers  just rude and disrespectful. I then got home with my order and saw they were 1/2 the size they used to be. I called them and asked for a mgr and  asked if they had a new sizing for the same price they were charging and Holly informed me she didn't know. I explained I ordered a large and received a size that was 1/2 the size of my previous orders. She again said she didn't know. At that point I hung up. She called me back twice which I ignored I try not to talk when I'm aggravated. She called a 3rd time to let me know she just talked to the cook and they are downsizing their portions but not changing prices to reflect that and it's not her fault my order wasn't explained to me !!  Is she kidding with this !!! I proceeded to tell her not to worry about it. I wouldn't be back between their poor service, Her attitude and their attempt to take advantage of their customers. Beware !!Just moved to the area and was looking for a good place to get brunch. I got a simple with bacon egg and cheese and cheese grits. It was excellent. Kyle, the waiter did a great job. Was impressed that he repeated the order to make sure he got it right.The atmosphere is fun and casual... Will definitely be backSomebody said this was a popular place. We stopped in for a late breakfast. I was not impressed at all. The place looks run down. Whats with the storage container by the outdoor seating? Looks like you're eating in an alley or something.
 Our service staff did not seem real welcoming. Otherwise service was timely. The coffee was crappy. The food was ok, nothing special. I will not be returning.I had the Belgian waffles with bananas this morning, can you say delicious?! The waffles were cooked to perfection very soft in the middle yet crisp on the outskirts of the waffle (just how I love it!) 
however, the waitress lacked personality. She didn't seemed too excited to be there and she really made me feel uncomfortable, nor did she check to see how I was doing which to me is important. 
Aside from the personality of the waitress the food was delicious! Definitely would recommend this place to others!I just don't know what all the hype is about. My husband and I stopped by at 10 am for a Sunday morning breakfast, and immediately noticed:
1. the confusing and cramped seating situation. no hostess, no helpful counter staff, no sign to seat yourself.
2. the general dirtiness/dinginess of everything. we went to sit at one table, and were forced to sit at a different one altogether because there were rolls of toilet paper sitting on the chairs. wth? there were ginormous dust bunnies hanging out on the floor, and the walls look like there'd recently been a food fight.
3. the brusque, inattentive wait staff.
4. the limited brunch menu- it really seems like more of a grab-n-go situation, with a couple of options for egg sammies, a customizable frittata, eggs benny, and french toast. nothing really too fancy. which is fine, but see #5:
5. every menu item is at least $2-3 overpriced. especially for the fact that the place has little ambiance, an apathetic waitstaff, and is order-at-the-counter. and, like I said, it's not like they serve up anything special. for my money, I'd rather grab a sammie at Ryebread in Art Museum or just make pancakes at home.
overall, I'm pretty meh on the scenario. I'm not saying it's the worst place to eat- and their lunch menu definitely looked more appetizing+extensive. but we won't be back.Decent. A little pricy for my tastes, I got a chili dog (huge, chili was odd but I'm used to living in a Latino neighborhood, overall-good) boyfriend got a turkey club ( massive, like couldn't finish it huge- but overall what one would look for in a turkey club). Probably won't stop back in soon, it wasn't bad but nothing wow worthy.First impression was great. Great location, decor and friendly welcome. Unfortunately was disappointed from there. Silverwear, glasses, mugs, were spotty/dirty. Sunny day. Not enough umbrellas to cover 3 of the tables outside. People getting up and moving constantly. Staff was super flustered/visibly overwhelmed. Food took extremely long to come out. Was okay. Appearance was sloppy. Bread barely toasted. Stale. Jelly/Salsa came out in plastic to-go containers. Check took quite long to receive. Had all the makings of a great spot, but too much stacked against it.Best to sit in the garden during the warm months. The inside can get a bit noisy. Friendly and good service and food.The first time I went here the service was slow.  I didn't have a lot of time so I chalked it up to my own impatience. 
Fast forward to the first sunny/warm day of the spring seaon.  I definitely wanted to sit outside, so this was my place of choice.  When we asked to be seated out on the patio we were told it had been set up but wasn't open until tomorrow.  I didn't get it b/c it WAS set up.  We got a table right inside the patio door.  The waitress then came over to open the window next to me and explained that I shouldn't get cold b/c it's a nice day out... yes I know, I wanted to sit outside, remember?  
So we order our food and wait for it to arrive.  In the mean time 3 other parties arrive and want to sit outside.  One left, one took a table inside and the others WENT TO SIT OUTSIDE! Now I'm completely annoyed.  My salad is taking forever and I'm watching people out on the patio.  
Food arrives and I know immediately that my SALAD has been under the heat lamp.   The plate is almost hot.  I touch the lettuce and it is wilted and warm... disgusting! 
I send it back and let the server know that I am completely annoyed that we were told that we couldn't sit outside.  She said "they got take out, we're not serving them out there"  WIERD, because I've watched you take out silverware, menus, water and coffee.   No food, because again the service was so SLOW!
I get a new salad and we finish eating.  I overhear the server telling 3 other tables that their plate was hot and to be careful.  Food does NOT make a plate hot.  Leaving it too long under a heat lamp does!  She clears our plates and ...then... we... wait...
After 10 minutes of waiting for a check, my friend gets up to and walks to the register.  Three employees walk past her -some multiple times before she is acknowleged.  Our waitress finally offers to help and asks my friend "where were you sitting, oh yeah, what did you get?"  There are max 10 tables in the entire place... and oh 1 on the patio! Unreal!!
Two strikes and your out in my book!The trolley car cafe is the best breakfast spot on the river for bikers, families and pet lovers. Similar to a traditional diner they keep the coffee coming throughout your meal except it is quality la Columbe coffee. Everything is fresh and made in house (even the jelly). Outdoor seating in a small veggie garden. I will be going back soon.This is our go to restaurant after we bike the Schuylkill Trail.  While most folks plan bike rides based on mileage and ride difficulty,  we plan our brunch with friends (co riders, actually) as often as we can and the ride is somewhat incidental.    
We are big fans of the special La Colombe coffee (an ice coffee after a ride plus a frittata with sausage, bacon and spinach made my Sunday today).   Wifey likes the Challah French toast.  While it was in the mid 90s today as part of an area wide heat alert, we found ourselves very comfortable inside with the AC.  
Service is sometimes hit and miss (our fellow diners were offered jam that took the whole meal to arrive along with a missing smoothie that finally made it's way to the table) but the joint was crowded as everyone was looking for some relief and great chow, so we didn't make a fuss.  Once the Kale berry smoothie arrived, the ladies announced it a success.    The jam was practically empty and did not look so appetizing.  But I am nit picking.    Food and quality are great.  
Excellent choice for breakfast or lunch.Dropped in with kids for lunch today after walking by the river. Really nice outdoor area and dog friendly. Server was really nice, but it took a little long to get our lunch. Kids were antsy. Got 3 smoothies and the banana strawberry was by far the best. Waffle fries were awesome . Mac n cheese looked out of the box , but kids liked them. Loved the fish tacos.Perfect! The food here is amazing. Fresh and hot off the grill. Really interesting food options including what I ordered, corn bread scramble. It was a generous portion served with potatoes and I added some chicken sausage. The chicken sausage is a must have! The BF had breakfast sliders which were served on brioche mini buns. All in all a must stop! There seems to be a bit of a wait - but that just means there are tons of people who love it too!Not sure what everyone else is talking about,  but the service here is great. It gets pretty busy at brunch hour, and we've always had servers who refill water, clean tables, do a great job on everything.
The food is decent portion to justify the price, and it's a really cool building inside- used to be a pool house with a little pool out back that's now their outdoor patio. They deliver, too.
It can be hard to find since it's under the huge overpass, but there's a ton of free parking on the street.Great spot for brunch, especially spring through fall months when outdoor seating is available. Eggs Benedict were done to perfection! Staff very friendly and server especially attentive. Definitely worth placing on my list of will come again.Wow what an overpriced "diner".  I stopped by looking forward to eating a tasty meal and after ordering my bacon, egg, and cheese on a bagel I was told the total was $6.91! I scoffed at the price, and reluctantly pulled out my wallet.  Its East Falls so it should not be Rittenhouse prices, I have also gotten cheaper breakfast sandwiches in Rittenhouse! While the bagel was yummy, it is near impossible to make a breakfast sandwich taste bad.  Get your prices fixed Trolley Car, you won't see me again.Food was great , but service was super slow! The whole meal sitting took double the amount of time it should have .Ok so first off I want to say that I really enjoy Trolley Car Cafe's food. It's always fresh and it always tastes delicious. The problem is when I call to order take out. I've ordered take out 4 times and they've messed it up twice.
Can we talk about how much I HATE mayonnaise. Like I despise it. So whenever I order take out from anywhere I make a point to say "no mayo" a few times. Today I ordered turkey bacon, lettuce and tomato on wheat bread. I wouldn't just say "BLT" because I know that comes with that god for saken condiment. I make a point to say "please, no mayo". The girl taking my order repeats my order and I say AGAIN "yes, and please, no mayo". She says "ok".
Now let's talk about where I'm ordering from: North Philly. The land of only fried, not fresh food. One of my coworkers is always nice enough to drive all the way to Trolly Car. I only say this because ordering from Trolly Car is like a treat for us. We know the chances of food poisoning are slim to none unlike if we were ordering from somewhere in North Philly.
She comes all the way back with our order. What do I get? Sliced turkey, lettuce, tomato AND MAYONNAISE!
Really Trolly Car? Really? I can deal with the sliced turkey instead of turkey bacon, but not the mayo. I'm starving and now you've ruined my lunch with mayo. Again. I could call and complain, but what's that going to do? They're going to apologize and I'm still going to be hungry because none us have the time to go all the way back there.
So, in my quest for good food I might have to say "Hell no" the next time someone says "Should we order from Trolly Car?"Decent little breakfast spot. I can't speak on lunch or dinner but every time I've eaten  breakfast here the food was above average and so was the service. Plus they have a spot out back for dogs. So four stars all day.We  have been here a number of times for lunch with our son who lives in East Falls. Menu has creative choices. The food has always been good, service friendly, prices reasonable. We had a wait time of about 25 minutes which is not unusual for any good restaurant around the city. They are currently expanding which should improve wait time. We will return.Another pleasant surprise! I could kick myself for not going here sooner. "Trolley Car Cafe" sounded gimmicky, however it is the real deal. Really solid breakfast/lunch, great outdoor space, ice cream, coffee, and service was spot on. if you live in CC, bike out here...stuff youself....and cab it home...so good.
pros- huge outddoor eating area
cons- none!A great addition to the neighborhood! The back garden is lovely, and the whole place has an easy calm atmosphere. The food is very fresh, and their coffee is delicious and reasonably priced. Parking is easy, and I didn't even realize they were open 'til 10pm. 
My only request is for more grab-and-go food. Close to exam time, I'm looking for sandwiches to fuel my studies, and I would love to be able to duck in to Trolley Car to stock up on weekend vittles.Laidback environment, friendly staff, good food! Perfect place for Sunday brunch. Love the new upgrade on the green and brown mugs.Was here a couple of years ago, and remember having good food...unfortunately our experience today was completely different. The iced tea tasted like mildew. The special salmon salad described as "house-smoked salmon" with raisins and apples over greens, was canned salmon with just raisins-no apples-over old greens that were wilted and mushy. The half sandwich chicken salad had so much mayo it was dripping wet, and even though I asked for toasted bread, came out on regular bread that fell apart while I was eating it. The special curry squash soup was way over-spiced, and super thick like a puree. We waited awhile for our server to check in and see that we hadn't eaten much of our food, before finally going inside to get the check, and requesting that they take off the salmon salad. The server was very nice about it, and took that off, plus an extra 10%, which we appreciated (hence the second star). Extra bummed out, as we'll be moving to the neighborhood soon, and were hopeful that this might be a regular spot for us.This place is still top on my list for breakfast and lunch. Their standard menu never disappoints and there are always amazing specials to chose from. I think my favorite part is being able to sit on the patio with my my dog and enjoy the nice weather!A hidden gem! The food here is phenomenal every time. The menu standards are great, and the specials are unique and tasty. Options to suit all different preferences including great vegetarian dishes. The staff are friendly and efficient. Outdoor dining on a nice day is great. Inside is a bit snug, so be prepared to wait during peak times and make new friends in your dining neighbors. Love this place!Trolley Car is a solid 4.5 stars :)
They serve breakfast until 2 in the afternoon which is a beautiful thing. They also have a really nice outside back patio are where you can bring your dog in the summer. This doubles space in the warmer months. Coffee is always nice and hot, the girls are friendly and the food is good. Lately they have been adding things to the menu by daily specials. The pasta toss is *amazing*, serving is huge and it comes with 4 huge pieces of garlic bread. delish. I love that it is a local business that really supports the community. The only downside to TCC is the limited seating for the inside. Other than that the prices are extremely fair ( a fan of the friend egg on an everything bagel for under $4-  amazing) the atmostphere is homey and friendly with a vintage twist. TCC is the perfect local dig for East FallsThe food is not what it used to be.  I have tried three times now and I thought it was a fluke the first time, sadly it is not.  Pass on the breakfast. Make it a coffee stop on your way.Ate outside, comfy chairs, nice garden, good service, and my food was amazing. Will be back for seconds!
Update 4/1/2017: the 3 meat frittata is AMAZINGGG. Put some hot sauce o that boy and it's sweet (maple) and salty GOODNESS! Also the Espresso milkshake is awesome.Cute little no-frills diner. A friend and I came here on a sunny day, so we enjoyed lunch on the little patio outside. I got a burger, which was pretty unmemorable. Service was decent, not terribly slow (though the place was empty). Our server was friendly and I really don't have any complaints. I would probably give Trolley Car another shot in the future.I have finally found Peace in my search for serious breakfast food.  The trolley car cafe is a Delightful spot to eat. The breakfast is delicious.  Try the challah french toast . The service is very pleasant and the ambiance is warm and friendly.Great place for breakfast but the only thing I didn't like that it's a bit expensive.I think this place takes advantage of the fact that they're the only breakfast place in the area. The food is ok but the prices are a little high, especially for this area of young professionals and students. $24 for three bagel sandwiches and a drink? Come on. 
Plus side: they have a menu for your pup who can join you on the patio when it's nice out! The pup enjoyed his meatballs and endless water supply last summer.Really nice spot. Great location, excellent outdoor seating and their breakfast sandwiches are pretty ballin'seated outside and forgotten; moved in outside and finally got drinks; watched ppl in after us receive their food before us; left after not receiving our food, refills, or even a friendly check-in from the staff for an hour; some of the staff were being served food prior to the guests; use to enjoy for a quick breakfast but it's food that can be made at home for way cheaper and without the frustration of feeling like your business doesn't matter.Delicious food, but beware the wait! This restaurant is teeny tiny, so if you go here on a Saturday at 11 am with a party of 6, you're going to wait. You're going to wait a lot. It'll be worth it, but don't go on an empty stomach. 
On the plus side they have delicious ice creams and sodas, and some pretty wacky specials. When we went last, my boyfriend got a breakfast sandwich with a cinnamon roll for a bun. He loved it!I guess I picked the wrong Sunday to finally try this place after bookmarking it last year. After waiting ten minutes to be greeted by our server, we found out they were short a cook that day. So that pretty much slowed up the entire process. But I can say the waitress did work hard to meet all our needs in a timely manner. The restaurant itself was slightly warm. Not sure if they had AC or not. There definitely were no ceiling fans in sight. What I do like about the seating is that you have the option to sit indoors or outdoors. The outside eating area is larger than indoors. Due to the limited seating outside and time restraints, we chose to eat indoors to reduce the wait time. 
We ordered breakfast meals. Cheese grits with scrambled eggs and bacon. And challah French toast with scrambled eggs and bacon. Aside from us waiting 30 minutes for our order, the food wasn't bad. The grits could have been cooked a little longer and the French toast could have been softer. However, I have no real complaints. I definitely would go back. Oh, the iced coffee was good too. I did not appreciate them telling me they were out of strawberries for the toast and when I paid my check another customer had strawberries on theirs. My actual rating for Trolley Car is 3.5. I did not want to put four since my wait time was so long and I did not get strawberries. But I will definitely go back.My friend and I eat here once every weekend after we go running on Kelly Drive. We've been coming for a few years now. We love the menu and look forward to eating a nice breakfast after our run is over. They are also very dog friendly and I love bringing my dog when it's warm enough to sit outside on the patio. 
The service leaves a little to be desired---it seems that many of the staff are new to working in restaurants and need some mentoring. Everyone is ALWAYS friendly though and proud of the food they serve, which keeps us coming back. 
The Trolley Card rewards program also gets us a discount from time to time when we earn enough points!A decent diner at the bottom of the hill in east falls. We've eaten here a few times on and it's been a consistent experience each time. The food is okay, and there are both standard diner items and slightly more elaborate dishes. The former seem better than the latter. Service generally isn't great, but that could be because they're so busy on weekends. It's not a very big place, so it can feel pretty cramped. Would recommend if you live nearby and just want something basic.This was our second visit to Trolley Car Cafe and based on today's experience, I would choose to eat elsewhere. We arrived around noon and expected a crowd but it only took about 15 minutes for us to get an inside table. After getting our waters and placing our orders (a cuban panini, chicken and waffles and a dutch oven pancake) , we sat for at least 30 minutes with no interaction from our server. After finally waving down a different server to check on our food, we were informed that this was the standard wait time! It took another 15 minutes before the panini and the pancake arrived and another 5 after that for the chicken and waffles. So total, we waited 45 minutes (more since I didn't really start counting until it became obvious that we had been sitting there for a while) before all the food arrived on the table, most of that time being ignored by the waitstaff. From our vantage point inside, it appeared that the kitchen was busy the entire time but food was trickling out very slowly. The food was fine but nothing I needed to go out of my way for (the dutch oven pancake is just four pieces of pancake tossed onto a plate). The service was so slow that it was not worth my time to be frustrated for basic food. We waited longer for our food than it took to eat it. Ironically, the server was very prompt in providing our check. FYI, the air conditioning inside also seemed to be lacking.Good hospitality, delicious paninis. Nice place for a relaxing breakfast. Definitely I'll be back again.Pretty decent food but expensive. Built a egg, cheddar, sausage, lettuce, tomato and onion breakfast sandwich that was pretty good. Lox and cream cheese is on par. Have to give them props for the garden and fresh ingredients. Wish you could give half stars.Pretty wonderful space. Fun environment and tasty food! Well worth a field trip!I did not have a good experience. My mother and i went, they sat us pretty fast which is always a plus, however it was extremely small inside. So small that a woman who had just worked out was trying to get into her seat, it took her about 3 minutes to squeeze past everyone and 2 more minutes to get her butt outta my face! The waiter was professional, also a plus but the food was just satisfactory. I had chicken and waffles the chicken was burnt and they added walnuts to the chicken which were also burnt. However, when i opened the chicken it was still pink on the inside. If they expand the inside a bit and put out better quality food ALL THE TIME they could be an excellent restaurant.I decided to stop by the Trolley Car cafe after moving to East Falls. I sat out back on their porch and I loved the way it was set up. They have a large vegetable garden, big canopy, and great decor. It has a wonderful atmosphere that I enjoyed.
The service was a little slow for an afternoon meal.  The food was just average.  The meal did not seem to pop at all. I ordered a panini and the bread overwhelmed the sandwich. The lack of sauce really took away from the meal. I also ordered home fries that were under cooked and lacked seasoning.
This would be a good place to stop by for a coffee, but just be weary of the food menu.I am a fan of both the Trolley Car Diner and the Cafe. They gave the cafe a facelift and expanded the indoor seating which is good. I usually come here for brunch and enjoy a good cup of coffee but this time I came for a late lunch. I got an awesome sandwich with pork belly and turkey. My wife got the fish tacos and they were really good.
They have a great little outside seating/garden area which is good when the weather is right. There is a bike rental place attached which is cool if you wanna ride to Manayunk or along Kelly Drive to the Art Museum. 
My only complaint is that my server was sitting at an adjacent table eating lunch in between visits to my table. I understand everyone has to eat, but it's awkward to feel like you're interrupting her lunch if you need something. Not to mention, there is the issue of washing hands which surely wasn't happening during the split time between her lunch and my service.I really enjoy trolley car every time I go there. The food is fresh...you can even take a look at their garden out back which is pretty cool to see what you might be eating. The outside dining area is perfect too! They always have great specials added to the menu. The frittatas and build your own wraps are really yummy. I've also had a few salads that were really fresh and made my belly happy :) This is a great place to come and relax and enjoy a nice meal.I stopped in for a late breakfast on a Saturday with one other person. We picked to sit at an outdoor table. The server greeted us quickly and took our order shortly after. This place was really cute. The food was pretty good, but we both felt it was salty. All in all, this was a nice place, and I would come back.Woke up Sunday morning to try based on reviews. Food not at all cracked up to be. Food was served to us cold. Looks are very deceiving. We could have cooked the same food better at home. Service was ok though. The only good thing about the place is the "fresh squeezed orange juice" and food presentation.  Overall not a place to take time out of your day to go to.Love it here. 2nd time here and it's gets better every time. Fish & grits are so gooooodddd!! My server Holly was so pleasant. She even remembered my order from the last time I was there. Very attentive & food came out hot(which is always a plus)!!! Definitely will be a regular here!!!Since I work in East Falls I hit up this spot pretty often, and it routinely hits the spot for breakfast and/or lunch. It's also a nice "light at the end of the tunnel" anytime you're working on your fitness on Kelly Drive.
I haven't been disappointed yet. The food is consistently fresh, delicious and well-priced. Pick a panini, any panini. Bite down, do a li'l happy Cliff Huxtable chair dance and enjoy yourself.
Or, get the Challah French toast. It won't make you holla ('cause that would be too punny lame-o), but you will be happily fed. It's especially divine with a fresh, piping hot cup of La Colombe! Or, just get some oatmeal. This ain't your sad, shake-me-down packet of powdery oats--there's a MEAL happenin' chirren!  You're welcome, dearie. You're welcome.
Oh, and in the spring and summer, the outdoor patio dining area really makes for a fun place to meet up with friends or co-workers. See you around...I really enjoy coming to this place. Sometimes I go there weekly for Sunday brunch. Service is not always the best, but they do get swamped time to time. Oh, one thing I will never understand is the cinnamon "raisin" french toast. Where are the raisins!? lolMy girlfriend and I decided to try Trolley Car Cafe for brunch and let me tell you this place is to die for!!!!!! From the greeting when we walked in, to the excellent service proved by Holly to the delicious food from Isaac. I ordered the chicken and waffles with a side of potatoes and a piece of catfish. My girlfriend ordered cinnamon raisin French toast with a side of potatoes and bacon. All I have to say is that everything was DELICIOUS!!!!!!! I especially loved the catfish-thank you so much Isaac :-) the breading on the catfish-omg... Perfectly seasoned and just scrumptious. My girlfriend has no complaints either. If you are looking for great service with warm and friendly staff as well as delicious food. Please visit the Trolley car cafe. Trust me you will not be disappointedWe had a really great experience at the Trolley Car Cafe. The food was super delicious and very affordable. There is a great outside patio with a garden, where the restaurant sources many of the veggies. The servers were very friendly and attentive. I definitely recommended checking it out. I would include pictures of the food, but it was too good to wait.I've eaten both breakfast and lunch here. They open for breakfast bright and early at 7am (which is when I happened to go have some breakfast with myself) It was quiet and relaxing to sit and enjoy. They kept my coffee filled and the eggs Benedict was delicious ! Similar great experience when I was there for lunch as well ! Looking forward to warm weather and sitting outside !I must say my experience this time around was much better and I'd certainly come back. The "friend" from my last visit is now my current boyfriend and we met at Trolley Car a year ago this past Sunday for our first date so it was fitting that we came back of course lol. 
We came around 1pm for brunch and it was crowded as expected but we did not have to wait. I also researched a bit before we came back here and saw that they allow dogs on the patio and even have a dog menu!! I can't wait to bring my Bella (pom/chi mix) when it's warm out. 
The Food
My bf and I each ordered a special. He ordered the jerk chicken tacos and I ordered the mini breakfast sandwiches with roasted potatoes. The food was tasty but mine was a bit cold, I'm assuming because it was sitting out waiting for his to finish but overall it was good. 
Try this place!Great place!!! The food was delicious and the service was just as nice!!! Huge shout out to Isaac, he prepared both dishes but that cat fish was AMAZING !!!!! I can't forget Holly, our server, she was very attentive and on point when it came to deciding which option we should go with. If you're ever in the area or not (find a way to get there), you have to try TROLLEY CAR CAFÈ!!!This place is OK and actually recommended if you're nearby but....
Trolley Car has never done something the majority of brunches I've had in the Philadelphia-area have been able to: wow me.   Brunch is one of those things you just expect to be good in the city, particularly if you're paying $15 or so for just the food portion of it.
Both times I have been there the food was good, but not particularly memorable.   Service could barely be described as attentive (and, no, they were not that busy) and time-to-table was disappointing.   
They have so much potential.   I'd give them another shot.This place is what it is...I really don't know why i frequent this place as much as I do. Mostly because it is convenient and there are very few places in east falls that have good food. 
With that being said, yes, the food is good, if they don't mess up your order, which has happened about 50% of the time that I have gone there (more often when I order takeout).  Which is extremely annoying when you're paying for add-ons and they don't make it in the box.  One time I ordered the nova platter, and there was no salmon in it, seriously? That's the main component of the dish guys. 
When dining there, the service is absolutely horrendous.  Usually, you walk up, no one ever greets you, just tells you to sit wherever after you have already been standing there for a minute or two.  Usually get drinks, have to wave someone down for refills, food takes a long time, and it can be really hard to get anyone's attention. 
For example, on one occasion, went for breakfast, ordered an egg sandwich with sausage, got bacon, sent it back, took probably around 8-10 minutes (it's precooked sausage, throw it in the microwave, I just want to eat with the rest of my party).  When the food was cleared the waitress never brought our check.   My boyfriend put his card down and waited...and waited...and waited. I got so fed up I just threw what I thought would cover the bill and walked out. 
But hey, when they get it right, it's good...
Good luck if you decide to take the gamble.The Trolley cafe was pretty cool. Went there on a Saturday late afternoon. The service was pretty deceit, one server however had a little attitude, but she was pretty nice to everyone else. Liked the fact that they had an outside patio for eating. Pretty good choices of food, but not a huge selection. It wasn't crowded so we didn't have to wait, which was pretty cool on a Labor Day weekend. The food was pretty tasty, but it could have used a little more seasoning. Also, my breakfast sandwiches had cheese on it and it wasn't even melted. So, in gin a slice of cheese just sittin on top of eggs? Ewww....however, I would definitely go back and try something else. Yes, there's a parking lot, but it gets pretty crowded fast. There's street parking available and a $1.50 an hour lot, right across the street.I have been here four times and all four times I have gotten the cinnamon bun sandwich. If you are reading this please note that I would like the cinnamon bun sandwich to be my last meal before I die. Tristan says the other food is good and the guy who ONLY serves drinks has a really cool necklace. Also cute dogs galore!!!Tried Trolley Car Cafe after a long long walk along the river with our dog. The food was very good. Nice outdoor seating and dog friendly. They even have a doggie menu, which our dog thinks is fabulous. She gobbled all her meatballs, washed it down with ice cold water and contentedly sat in the sun while we enjoyed our dinner.We went for brunch, not realizing that this was a dog park disguised as a restaurant. It was a gorgeous day, so I convinced my husband, who hates eating outside, to sit on the patio. We were the only people without a dog. To make matters worse, there is apparently no requirement to have a well-behaved dog at this restaurant, either. And before you dismiss me as someone who hates dogs, I don't. I love them. I had 5 growing up...so there. :)
As far as the food, it was good. Not amazing, but really good. The fresh OJ was a nice surprise, and I wish I knew it was BYO before I got there. The service left a lot to be desired. I really wish they were more attentive. We sat for a while after being finished before our plates were cleared, then we waited again for the server to bring the check. He apparently did not know that when he cleared our plates, that was a sign we were done. 
It's a decent local place to get breakfast, IF you have a dog. If not, sit inside.Worst experience at a restaurant in my entire life. Seated right away, but not offered drinks or menu for first 10 minutes. Order taken and the table seated at same time received and completed meal, before we got up to ask management for our meal to go. Meal to go was brought after another table that was seated well after us was served. The meal that was packaged up for us was given to us ONE hour after we had been seated, and was not even what we ordered. We left at that point and were not offered any form of apology or attempt at reconciliation.This is my favorite place to get brunch locally. Living in Dobson Mills means it takes just a few minutes to walk here- which is awesome. I try to order something different each time I'm here. They have great breakfast & lunch menus with a nice variety of options for such a small place. Last time I ate here I had the salmon & sweet potato sliders and fell in love. It's really hard for me to order anything else now because I love them so much! The scrambled eggs are fluffy and perfect and I always end up eating some of my boyfriend's instead of just ordering my own. The serving sizes are more than enough for what you pay, as well. Everything is really affordable, which is nice since we like to eat here 2-3 days in a row. The service is always extremely friendly and inviting. Our favorite waitress is the woman with red hair, although I'm not sure of her name. She's always super nice and makes sure we have everything we need to enjoy our meal. It's a small space, so make sure to get here early enough to snag a table during lunch rush. All of the tables are 2-4 people are pretty close in proximity to each other, however I don't mind. It makes for a very cozy experience. The only reason I'm giving 4/5stars is because there aren't pancakes on the menu. Otherwise, I highly recommend!good enough food, priced ok, the GF stuff wasnt bad at allGreat! Super cute restaurant, good food. Tables are close together and it's relatively small inside, but great outdoor seating. Highly recommend!Good was pretty good. I asked for the cheese grits, and they were honestly the blandest grits I've ever had. Not even sure they had cheese in them. But we ate outside on a nice morning and it was pleasant. French toast was good. Catfish and waffles, that my sister had, were good too.Went here with some out-of-town visitors for breakfast. Basically, picked it because of it's location near the river and thought it would a good outdoor spot. 
2 of of us ordered fritatas which were very good. Someone else ordered the Turkey Reuben with the dressing on the side. Only problem is that with such terrible service, we didn't receive that dressing for 10- 15 mins later. After being ignored by our waitress, I eventually had to go to the kitchen to pick it up myself! Our waitress didn't check on us ONCE in the 1 hour we were there. So if you order the "bottomless" coffee, don't expect even a single refill. We were never offered that.
Service is terrible. Food is pretty tasty. Good luck!Just left Trolley Car and had the BLATO.... turkey bacon, lettuce, tomato, avocado and onion on a croissant with cole slaw and pickles. Pretty good. I will return......Cute lil brunch spot that I've passed a thousand times before but never noticed!
They are only open till 3 so make sure you get there early if you have a hankering for brunch.
It is a oblong type restaurant with tiny table and chairs and historical type decor.
Ordered:
Eggs Benedict with hollandaise on the side and ham (alternatively could have had spinach):  this was 'ok' at best.  The egg and ham underwhelmed the English muffin and the hollandaise tasted more like a soft butter than hollandaise.
This was served with roasted potatoes that were just a tad well done for my liking.
My friend really enjoyed her pesto grilled cheese though and it was served with a small side salad.
In the spring/summer the outdoor deck is open for dining.
I think I would try another brunch spot before returning here.Really nice place. It is cute and the food was really great.  Fresh tasting and very reasonably priced.  Also, they interesting menu items, like the scrambled eggs over cornbread, which is what I had.  But they also had good ole standards: my husband had eggs and a bagel for $4. Very decent coffee, friendly service and nice patio.  Like another reviewer said, there isn't much in the area, so given this, it's a no-brainer for a decently priced, good meal.A great neighborhood option for brunch. The menu is unique and the food itself straddles between 3 and 4 stars. Service is excellent and I like the neighborhood feel and patio out back. The wait has never been bad and I imagine it's due to it's obscure location. Don't let the random location put you off though, you can either bike or walk up from your excursion along Kelly Drive or use the parking lot.Such a cute place. The staff is really friendly, and I love sitting outside. The Belgian Waffle is really good. I will say that the prices are a little high, but worth it for a pleasant experience. 
The parking is a little confusing. Parked in the "Pick Up" up lot, but then saw a lot across the street when I left.Visited to check out for an event venue. Went for brunch and waited for over an our for simple scramble and huevos rancheros that never cane. Switched our order to go that still took another fifteen minutes and was ultimately the wrong thing. No updates or time estimates from waiting despite repeated inquiries. No apologies. Clueless manager. Will not be back.We went to Trolley Car Cafe in East Falls today, for brunch. It was our first time there. We sat outside, on the patio, under an umbrella. My husband ordered the Turkey Ruben, and I ordered the SOB Frittata, and both were delicious. And, their smoothies were also awesome! 
But... the best part of our meal? THE SERVICE!!! We had a fantastic, friendly, funny, attentive, professional server, named Christian. 
He was really great, and the perfect service that we received from Christian made the already GREAT food taste even better than it already did!I can't rate the Trolley Car Cafe as great, but is pretty good.
The food is really good, it's a bit pricey, but it's a step above most diner food, which is nice.
Friendly service and good food. Perfect for easy Sunday morning brunch.As a new transplant to the area, I thought this looked SUPER cute from a drive-by earlier in the week. My friends came to visit from my hometown, so I figured this would be a great little place to check out. 
It is typical diner food, nothing fabulous or noteworthy. Was great for our hangover, but I wouldn't say it was the best food I've ever had.I have dined at the Trolley Car Diner several times before and it has always been great. Today was my first experience at the Cafe and I felt compelled to write this review based upon my experience. We arrived on this nice spring day for lunch outdoors in the patio area. Our party of 5 was seated back near the garden. The waitress was pleasant, prompt, and while the food was nothing special, it was good. No complaints there. Unfortunately I take issue with the fact that this establishment is dog friendly and I'll explain why. The entire time we were there, a dog was wandering around unleashed, crawling under patron tables and chairs. Because the dog was unleashed and no one seemed surprised that it was walking around from table to table, we assumed that the dog must belong to the owner. (Weird, but it wasn't annoying enough to say something). What was annoying enough to say something is when the dog walked right up to the garden next to our table, lifted its leg and urinated all over the chives that the cafe is growing there. He then proceeded to climb right into the herb garden. Gross. We called a staffer over and asked her if the dog belonged to the owner and explained what had happened. She then explained that someone must have left their dog there, and disappeared to go deal with the dog. First, I'm not sure what kind of person leaves their DOG at a restaurant, and second, why was the dog allowed to roam freely unleashed throughout the restaurant? Anyway, after that waitress walked away to try to locate the dog's owner, another staffer came out with a watering can and started pouring water over the chives (presumably in an effort to rinse the dog urine). 
This place is not a bad place, the food was good, and the waitstaff pleasant enough. However, they might want to rethink the whole pet friendly thing. I don't want someone's dog climbing under my table when I'm dining out and I certainly don't want to watch someone's dog urinate all over the herbs next to my table. If we remove the whole dog scene from the scenario, it would have been a decent experience. But I can't scrub the image of the dog relieving himself in the garden from my mind, and for that reason I wouldn't be in a rush to return. Please reconsider your pet policy and make Fido stay home. :/This place was great. Service was excellent, food was delicious and abundant. Kyle was our server and was attentive and personable, answering a good number of our questions about where they source their ingredients. The answers to those questions were very encouraging: they grow a number of vegetables in their own modest garden, they buy as much as they can from the local farmers market, and source some of their meat from local farmers who raised pastured animals. It's not 100%, so ask where your meat and produce comes from if you're interested in supporting small local farms. Trolley Car offers more options in this category than any other place we've found in East Falls. 
We wish it were a little more affordable, but are ultimately willing to pay a bit more for more sustainably and ethically sourced food.Went here because of the numerous recommendations from friends. A very small place but I'm sure it could accommodate bigger crowds in summer bc of their outside patio. The service was a little dull and it took a really long time for us to get our food. I wouldn't recommend it if you're in a rush. Did have free parking and has a great location. The food was good but I've had better. I had a cinnamon bun chicken sausage and egg sandwich with a side of potatoes. The potatoes felt a little flat but the sandwich was delicious.I live near the place, so I am here often but probably be there a lot more if there was dinner.  Also I like they have dog treats, but I have a cat so if they decide to make cat treats, I am willing to buy some for my cat.
There isn't much on the menu  I get (and it's not that big to begin with) , but I like what I enjoy. First, an Uber driver really recommended the coffee for me and he was right, it's great bottomless coffee.  Also, I have ordered two lunch items were tasty which is the BLT with turkey bacon and avocado, and the great chili.
Some have complain about the servers. While I admit some servers may not possess a "life of the party" spirit around them, I haven't found any of them rude or give me poor service. 
Its a basic diner that is near where I live and will do when I went just my morning coffee or light lunch.Walked in on a Sunday morning with 3 other people at around 11 and found it to be pretty packed.  I also never realized how small it actually is on the inside.  There may have been room for 20-30 people to actually sit and eat.  It was pretty awkward because after we walked in we were standing over top of other peoples' tables and we realized there were no available seats.  There appeared to be a cash register  in the back left corner, but the employee was busy looking down at something else and did not look up.  The waitress passed a few times, but didn't say anything or look up.  After a minute or so of standing in the entryway over top of other peoples tables while staring at their food (I was hungry) I got the vibe that maybe this place was for locals only or it was ran by miserable introverts.  We quietly exited and went to find food elsewhere.
The food I saw on peoples plates looked good so I'll give it a two.  Probably won't ever return because the employees seemed like douche bags.I stopped by a few times and had breakfast and dinner here.
But I will review based on recently having my day after wedding brunch at Trolley Car. The food was great. The service was prompt for the amount of people we had. Best of all its BYOB!!!
The downside was we called ahead to let them know we would have about 15 people coming and asked if they could seat us outside. When we should up, they did not have an area ready and then they made arrangements in the blazing sun in the middle of a heat wave. We ended up kindly asking people who they just sat if the could move so that we could make a table for us which worked out but it was a nuasance for us and the other guests that we had to go through that. 
Other than that I have no complants!!This place has potential. It's a beautiful space, the customers were chill - what messes it up? The poor quality service and the basic quality of food served. The food looks nice, but bland in taste. It took so long to get breakfast food. Like, breakfast food shouldn't take as long as it did. Took about 30 minutes to get our order taken, and about 40 minutes to get our food. The staff was sitting down at a table when we arrived, they looked sloppy, didn't introduce themselves, and when asked about the food the response was "I'm just a server." 
Again, it has potential. If they get better staff, and a better cook, it's a dope spot. 
The only reason it gets a 3 star - it's a beautiful spot.Good coffee, cool little cafe.I didn't know I could get a good weekend brunch in the neighborhood. Eggs Benedict Florentine + a bottomless cup of coffee = a necessary part of the urban ritual.There is no where to get a good breakfast around manayunk, so my husband and I decided to try here.  First, the coffee is from La Colombe so it is delicious and bottomless!!  Second, the server could not have been kinder to us and our daughter. She even made sure she had crayons and paper.  Lastly, food was very good.  Try the Nutella French toast.This place is a great addition to the area! We have been there for snacks, brunch and dinner. The outdoor eating area is the best part! A great and cozy little place to eat with your dog too! You can also see where they get a lot of their fresh herbs and vegetables since their garden is right there!
They love dogs there too! Expect your pup to be treated like royalty! Large bowl of ice water, sunshine and a homemade peanut butter cookie when they arrive. There is also a doggie menu which makes me kinda want to order from it! Turkey meatballs on arugula.... WOOF!!
The only reason that I didn't give another star is for the service. It can be kinda slow sometimes. This is sort of a relaxed, slow place anyways though!Ate outside, comfy chairs, nice garden, good service, and my food was amazing. Will be back for seconds!Ate here on Saturday morning, had the California Benedict at my server Holly's recommendation. Absolutely delicious I'm happy I chose to trust her. She was very attentive, kind and very knowledgeable. Definitely going to eat here again!!!Too expensive for what you get, but decent food. Since I am new to the area, I was looking for a casual spot for dinner and came across this place, via Yelp. When you first walk inside, it is kinda small, but once you go outside there is a ton of seating. This will suck once it gets cold. The lady taking orders and the guy cooking were sooo friendly. I ordered the chorizo and shrimp ($13), while my girlfriend got the Philly Phillet sandwhich ($10) and we split Sweet Potato fries ($3). I expected a lot more fries that 10 nicely stacked fries on plate. They were good, though. The sandwich was excellent but for the price you need give the guest a little side salad or something. The Chorizo and Shrimp was ok, kind of basic for $13. I would love to go back here for breakfast. It's a decent joint to check out if your riding your bike through here or live in the area. I hope for great things for the place.Went to this Cafe for a business lunch. 
We sat outside on a hot day, but the large umbrella made it cooler. 
The service was ok. The waiter was patient as it took a little time to figure out what I wanted.
I had a pesto grilled cheese.
It was filled with fresh cheese. It had a large supply of kale on it. I am not so sure about the pesto, because kale was strongly flavored. It had a side arugula salad that also was very fresh. Almost like it was picked right from a garden fresh. 
My peer had a taco and really loved it as well. 
I would go back for lunch again, simply because the food was delicious and fresh.Beautiful Cafe with a gorgeous backyard patio. Excellent varied menu and the food was delicious! Service leaves something to be desired.I so badly want to like the Trolley Car Cafe. I've eaten in the restaurant a handful of times and the food has always been good. You can't beat the location but the service was lackluster. When we go, I always allow for extra time knowing it will take a bit longer. The servers are pleasant but the food takes forever.
Today, I was too hungry to wait so my boyfriend and I decided to take out. I wanted a simple egg sandwich with cheddar cheese and avocado. He got the waffle and a fruit cup. When it was time to eat there was so little cheese on the sandwich I thought they forgot it and added my own from home. It was only after I had eaten half the sandwich opened faced I notice a thiiiiin layer of cheese on one corner of the bread. I peeled it off and could still watch TV through it -- cool!
Insult to injury was finding a badly molded grape in our fruit cup. Ugh.Food is Great. Service is GRREEEATTT! Definitely a place to try. If you are running along Kelly Drive you do not want to run by and miss this place!
What to order?
The menu is delectable no matter the morning or lunch time. I would suggest that you have the catfish and waffles. Another good option is the Hallel French Toast. You will not be disappointed with whatever you decide to order.This place was great for brunch after a nice run along Kelly Drive. The ingredients are fresh and the food tasted pretty healthy. I really like the outdoor seating area...very quaint! We ordered the veggie cheesesteak and it came with chicken on it (oops!) but neither of us are vegetarians and they didn't charge us extra, so it was fine. We will definitely be back!Living in south philly I love an early morning drive or bike along Kelly Dr and this is how we discovered Trolley Car Cafe.  We have returned again since because the value, quality,and creativity of their menu are things to be valued.  I recommend getting there early because around 9:30-10 is the time people really start rolling in on the weekends.  Also make sure to enroll in their rewards program because nothing makes a great meal better then a discount!Living in East Falls, we've always wanted to try Trolley Car. A few times we attempted in the past and it was closed due to a private party. So we finally tried it on a Sunday around 10am since we had friends staying with us. Staff said it was a 15 minute wait, which is normal. An hour after sitting down our food arrived and it was by far the most dissapointing breakfast I have ever eaten. I ordered the $12 Vegan Scramble listed under the "Specials," section. It was listed as Vegan Scramble with Avocado. I assumed it came with toast and potatoes at $12. First of all, there was no avocado with it, which was listed. Then no toast or potatoes. So you would assume the portion size must be enormous. Wrong! This was a appetizer sized portion. Our friends food looked ok but later when they got to eat it, they too said it was terrible. It had taken so long we had to take it with because our guests had to catch their train...The to-go boxes were annoying and took many minutes to just close them due to poor design. Once my wife and I got home I had to add a bunch of other ingrediants to fill me up. In the hour we waited for the food, many new customers came inside and didn't know what to do because there was not enough people working, so they eventually just left. Wanted to love this place because its local but unfortunately we will not be returning.Great spot for breakfast and lunch!
Food is good and the waiter who always serves us is very friendly, nice and helpful!Very casual and cute.  The food was good, especially the pulled pork sandwich. The staff was friendly but seemed a bit inexperienced in my opinion.  The location was perfect, nice and relaxing and quiet, since we were just coming from the congested area of Eastern State Penitentiary.The best breakfast in East Falls.  Quite simply, they have clean food at a reasonable price with good in-house prep.  No cartons of egg mix, no canned peppers, no cheating when it comes to home-made breakfast lunch and brunch and there is no deep fryer to ruin your waste-line (though the tasty tasty ice cream may!). I have worked in diners, bars and cafes and the Trolley Car Cafe is just lovely and does casual dining very well.  Nothing beats sitting out on the patio on a beautiful day after taking a bike-ride up Kelly Drive and checking out their fantastic garden.  The weekends can be quite busy, so my favorite times tend to be during the week.  Afraid you'll miss brunch if you go on a Tuesday?? Never fear, they do breakfast all week long till 2pm.I love the Trolley Car. It's comfortable and spacious with ample outdoor seating. The food is creative, fresh, and mostly very good. The service is great and the people friendly. 
It's perfect for a quick lunch or for a place to work or study for hours.
It's also walkable from most places in East Falls and easily accessible by car from Ridge Ave, with plenty of parking in a lot nearby. There are also bus and rail stops within a couple blocks.Trolley care is a very cute little cafe spot with great food. I took a star off because they have very few items on their menu that are vegan but the food that I have tried is delicious. I recommend this place. They even have their own fresh garden and an outdoor seating area.I really, really love the food here.  Unfortunately I think I'm going to lean towards ToGo more often because I've always experienced pretty lackluster service.  It seems like most of the people who work there have an attitude, sort of like you're lucky to be eating here.  It's kind of a bummer because the outdoor area is so nice and the food is really outstanding.  
Also, the last time I was there on 7/9, I was eating on the back patio I saw one of their cooks come out (in uniform) and do about 10 push ups on the ground and then go back into the restaurant.  Someone should tell him that diners can see right through the fence, and also that this is not really an appropriate time to get your workout in.Trolley Car Haiku
let me thank you for it was
such a lovely brunchAnother welcome addition to the area.  I like the cafe/coffee-shop setup.  They have a pretty simple menu with quality ingredients.  I look forward to going back.My experience at Trolley Car Cafe was sub-standard. When I arrived with my party, it was unclear where we were expected to wait for a staff member to seat us - it turned out, the waiting area was the tiny entryway. There were very few diners in the restaurant, which made our standing in the doorway so apparent that another guest found a server to inform him that there were people waiting to be seated. The sparse decor was bizarre, to say the least. In the small areas where there was decor, it was crudely hung and very cheap looking. I ordered a burger, which was not cooked properly. It was well-done, but I ordered it medium. Additionally, the burger that I ordered was named specifically after a type of cheese that it featured. I was deeply disappointed that the cheese was cold on top of the burger - a clear indication that the cheese was an afterthought in the kitchen. The patty itself was far too small for the bun that it was served on. The poorly cooked and bland burger was something I was willing to look past, but I simply cannot understand why my burger was inexplicably served with a few plain tortilla chips. I took the chips home to eat with some salsa from my fridge and tried to ignore that I paid $13 for a sloppily made, over-cooked, bland burger with a side of tortilla chips.We got seated quickly, but then were told that our seat was supposed to be for someone else. So, we got up and waited. That was the theme of this meal - waiting. After getting seated at 1:30, we waited an hour for our food. If your kitchen can't handle the number of tables, then take away some tables. It does not matter how good the food is if it takes an hour for it to come out.I just stopped here for end-of-summer ice cream and decided to update my previous review. The ice cream was delicious as it is imported from a local ice cream maker or something...real good stuff and super cheap!
A large group was enjoying the back patio and I saw their meals go out and all looked to be cooked to perfection. The kitchen is in the FRONT of this place so there is no funny business there either. I dare you to check out Philly's most beloved brunch spot kitchens...
I feel like East Falls could become the brunch capitol of Philadelphia. Easy to bike to, easy to drive to, new faces in the neighborhood every week, and ZERO pretension! There are some great local places and it seems like a new one is opening every season. Trolley Car , I feel ,might get over looked but I think its the best go-to spot. Their interior is as charming as anything I have ever seen. The building was renovated in conjunction with a Philadelphia parks program to reclaim abandoned historic structures. The real gem is the backdoor patio and BYOB! Their food prices are spot on for diner style and you just can't beat the BYOB. There is a beer distro around the corner in addition to a liqueur store.
The food isn't some food network star hipster chef creation. It is classic diner food with  a wide variety of salads, grilled foods, and desserts. They rotate some dishes seasonally, but you can always get a burger or salad here. 
Parking across the street is plentiful and cheap. 
This place also rents bikes so if you are from the suburbs park here, get some food, rent-a-bike, and cruise down the river and back. 
Come check out what East Falls has to offer!Had a very poor breakfast.  Eggs Benedict.  Eggs totally overcooked.  Hollandaise sauce was tastless.  Potatoes burnt.  Drinks selection poor.  Blueberry waffle was OK.  Staff nice.  Will not return.had a late lunch here with some out of towners. service was nice as heck but not super attentive. we had the fish tacos and they were sensational. i will most definitely try this place out again, possibly for breakfast.I live in east falls and go here for breakfast just about every Sunday. This place is decent. Good food, good coffee, friendly staff. The food will not blow you away but it's always solid. One of the better breakfast spots in this area.Wanted to try a different place for brunch, and my friend heard rave reviews about this place. When you walk in, there aren't many tables. If you have a big group, this place might not be the best choice. The highlight of the cafe is really the outside dining, so I'll have to come back when it's warmer! Hopefully, there is more seating!  
The menu had all your morning favorites, and since we were waiting for two more people. We ordered the hummus and veggies to start. The hummus was garlicky, which is the way we like it! Kudos! Our table ordered the yogurt parfait, crab cake salad, fish tacos, and a breakfast burrito (on special). There was a bit of a wait to get all of our meals, but the la columbe coffee kept us warm while we caught up on fun conversation. The food was above average except the crab cake salad. The crab cakes had a lot of filler, so that was disappointing! My yogurt parfait was divine, and it was presented in a milkshake glass. Our friends cleaned their plates, so their choices was an easy win.
There is a parking lot across the cafe, and it's only 50 cents an hour! Unfortunately, the pay machine wasn't working, so we had to keep a close eye on our cars in case we got ticketed.So after spending $5 on a bagel, you can't even spread the cream cheese?? Pathetic and a waste of my money. Overpriced for what??The outside seating next to their little garden was nice...my waffles were great! The food was good but the service is HORRIBLE! Took forever for someone to take our order... and the waitress was rather short with us...This little gem is worth a trip to East Falls! We took our son after Kindergarten Graduation; not too busy on a weekday afternoon. They gave thoughtful service to my 5 year old which I appreciate. Little things like a lidded cup for his drink and willingness to comply with a special no-chicken-on-my-quesadilla will often, as most moms know, mean the difference on whether my kid eats or not (thus avoiding catastrophic spills or getting "full" after a mouse-sized bite). My vegetarian husband was also very satisfied, both with the varied options and ultimately with the meal he selected. Everything was delicious.I was invited to meet a friend here for lunch. When I arrived, it was a bit crowded but there was no wait and our server was attentive. I ordered a chicken pesto sandwich with a green salad. The sandwich was very dry and my silverware had water spots. 
There was also a woman breast feeding a child at the table across from us which was unsettling. Not my idea of a proper location for that but that's not the cafe's fault. I would give it another shot but I'm not jumping for joy.They have a nice outdoor patio, breakfast was delish with nice variety and they are dog friendly with a cute doggie menu!!Trolley Car was extremely disappointing! After waiting about ten minutes, the waitress came over to our table and started with "what do you guys want?" No introduction or greeting of any kind while chewing gum and avoiding eye contact. One star lost for friendliness and professionalism.
After ordering some coffee, the waitress brought the coffee out with the bowl that holds the cream partially submerged in the coffee cup. I should also note that the table was extremely wobbly, and they cleaned it with Windex. One more star lost for poor sanitation.
They were very understaffed. Only two waitresses were in charge of the entire back patio, which was constantly packed. Since our waitress never told us her name, we had to flag down the other waitress when we needed a refill on the coffee. Our original waitress (whose name we finally found out on the bill) kept taking more tables while neglecting provide service to the ones she already had. One more star lost for poor management.
All in all, the food was pretty good, and I loved the fact that they harvested many of the vegetables from their own garden. I had the Buffalo chicken wrap, and a delicious berry salad. If I would have ordered takeout, they would be an easy 4 stars, but it seems that Trolley Car is a bit overrated when it comes to the entire experience. They truly take advantage of their location along the Schuylkill trail.My favorite spot for brunch - BYO and puppy friendly :)
I've only gone for brunch and the food is always amazing. They have all the basics that you would expect and then some. Also love the fact that they get lots of the food from their own garden.
Great spot to bike to on the weekend - right off the river path. The staff, while slightly distracted have always been helpful with suggestions and answering menu questions.
I understand everyone's complaints but if you get there a little earlier, the place is almost empty and the wait staff is very accommodating - it does get very packed very quickly so you do need to try to keep on top of the wait staff but I have never had a problem getting food/drinks/refills/the check.This place doesn't pretend to be anything but what it is - a small neighborhood diner - but what they lack in size they more than make up for in personal service and food prep.
Conversation is good and the food is always prepared to order. I highly recommend their breakfast.I love this place. Small and cute and the food is consistently amazing. The parking lot is a bit dodgy but there is a cheap lot across the street that's usually empty.The Trolley Car is super cute!
They've got ice cream...and Challah French Toast...and it's definitely a good spot for brunch or lunch! The menu, made up of favorites, is a good size. Prices are about average for the area.
I've been here about three times now, but I still haven't had the chance to dine outside! The service is satisfactory, not over the top, pretty efficient though.
I have to add that the last time I was here I ordered the Caprese panini because I love mozzarella and basil. It was drenched in balsamic dressing, but it still tasted okay. Next time I'll see if I can get it on the side, or maybe it was just a mistake!
Overall, I will keep coming here, it tends to hit the spot!...and we're back.  The internet that is.  I'm at the Trolley Car now, and can affirm that the internet is now fully functioning.  The coffee is also quite tasty.  Go Trolley Car Go!Trolley car.. We want to like you. Really. But it just isn't happening. Every time we come the service is just so terrible. The last time we came for breakfast, we waited 40 minutes for our orange juice to come. Your $13 Caesar salad was not a Caesar salad but a piece of salmon on some lettuce with thousand island dressing on the side. And an hour and a half after we arrived, when we finally got our check, it was for the wrong table. No apologies from our server, as if this is all normal. We won't be coming back, and why would we with In Riva across the street with way better service, better food, and the same price. Sorry!Welcoming, attentive service. Had eggs, bacon, toast, coffee. Coffee excellent, bacon done just right. Eggs runny. Trolley gotta remember that the eggs are the stars. Toast fine. 5 stars anyway, they can get the eggs right. Outside dining invitingStopped there for breakfast early this past Saturday. My wife had a Belgian buckwheat waffle and I had a frittata. Both meals were very good, and the coffee was hot and fresh. The price was perhaps a couple dollars on the expensive side, but overall it was good, and the cafe is a great addition to the area. We will certainly return.Great New Spot in East Falls. Food is fresh and tasty. I've been here twice now and my only complaint is that they stop serving breakfast at 12 on Sunday. :(I have eaten here a few times.  Service can be either good or very bad.  The ambience is really nice particularly in the back patio.  The food is good but not good enough to make up for the service when it is bad.  I found that on Saturday mornings the service is better.  However when I have been there during the week it can be really bad.  
Today I went in around 1 pm and the place was not very busy.  I went out to the back patio and was totally ignored by a pseudo hipster waiter.  There were a few tables occupied but the ones that were not had to be bussed. I sat at one of the empty tables.  The same pseudo hipster waiter walked by me three times not acknowledging that I was there.  I waited for 20 minutes and no one offered me a menu, tried to clear the table or even ask if I would like some water.  I left.  When I left I stopped by the cashier and the women there must have been the manager. She offered her apologies that I had been ignored and offered "to do something for me" a couple times. I declined.  Note that this is the second time that I had really bad service. The first time I had sat out on the patio also with the same waiter on duty.  It appears you may get better service indoors.  But why have the patio? 
It is unfortunate the food can be good but not good enough for the crap shoot you may have for quality of service.  It is a shame because there are not that many options for breakfast/lunch in East Falls.  I will not return.The food, ambiance,  price, and service were all amazing. The staff was friendly and the food and view were great. The cinnamon raisin French toast was awesome and the chili made me wish I was home in my pajamas near a fire. As an out of towner this place rocked!!!Checked in here for brunch after a long while away and was pleasantly surprised by the huge addition to seating. Food is inexpensive and delicious, and service was terrific and friendly. Wide menu with vegetarian options.This place is the worst! My fiancé and I often comment on their ridiculous hours (7am-3pm daily- who are their customers on weekdays?!), but it looks so cute we decided to try it. Don't waste your time. 
Our first attempt was on a Sunday late morning for brunch. The hostess made a huge deal of having to seat us in the sun, which was fine with us on one of the first spring days. She put us out there at a dirty, not-yet-bussed table and never looked back! Someone came to wipe our table but did not engage us. We cooked in the sun without water, and watched others grow agitated waiting for checks or food. No one was eating! After more than ten minutes of silence and beating sun, we left. I told the hostess as we walked past that we had not been acknowledged and she didn't even offer an apology. 
We went back on a weekday morning, a rare day off for both of us. It was a cold and rainy day, so all seating was indoors. The place was completely filled with smoke. My eyes were burning and we asked the waiter to open a window or the doors. He said the smoke is a daily issue, and that others would complain about open doors with the cold weather, but he did prop the door. It didn't help. We just froze with burning eyes. When my pesto grilled cheese arrived there was nothing grilled about it. Blocks of cold cheese sat beneath what was essentially a salad on a roll (even more ridiculous because it comes with a side salad- made of the same greens). 
An award on the wall read best BYOB in 2010. Looks like the glory days for the Trolley Car have long since passed.We came across this gem while biking with the kids on the river. Friendly service, good menu,good food and very reasonable prices.My roommates and I wanted to enjoy a nice late Sunday morning breakfast and were really disappointed with the service. The service put a damper on the delicious taste of our food. I gave it two stars simply because the food was good. 
We began by waiting for a table for a few minutes even though no one else was waiting to be seated. We then sat down and waited approximately 15 minutes to be acknowledged by anyone. The waitress (still not sure who our waitress was) came over to our table and didn't greet us. She only asked if someone had taken our order yet, then reluctantly jotted down our order. The drinks took a while to come over to us and the food wait felt like forever. Throughout our entire meal, we were not acknowledged by the same waitress or any other staff for that matter. I had to get up twice to ask for napkins and water refills. When paying, we were not even thanked for our business. 
Needless to say, the food was delicious but I don't know if I'll ever return or recommend this place to my friends or family. Not a good brunch experience.Drove by Trolley Car Café one sunny day on Kelly Drive, and was beyond thrilled that there was a cute café - BYOB, to boot - that we had not yet tried for brunch.  That moment, when I was still blissfully ignorant of the awfulness of this place, is the only positive experience that I can attribute to the Trolley Car Café.  
Not sure where to even start with this place, so let's just take it from the top.
1. This place is incredibly hard to get to.  I have lived in the area for almost 5 years, and it basically takes a treasure map to get from Ridge Avenue to the parking lot.  You can see it ... but you just can't get there.  Complicated is an understatement.
2.  After parking in the tiny lot, with no outlined parking spaces, we walked in and had no idea what to do.  You literally enter the restaurant and are immediately standing in the middle of a small, oddly shaped space.  And, maybe this is just our experience, but we felt invisible.  There is no hostess to direct you, no "seat yourself" sign - no direction whatsoever - and you are literally standing on top of people who are trying to eat. After standing there like fools for 3 minutes or so, we finally had to catch the attention of a staff member that breezed by without even looking up at us.  Not a great start.
3.  We were quickly handed a menu and told to order at the counter.  First off, this place is overpriced across the board.  They want $8 or $9 for a sandwich (more than $10 if you want a side) and they provide almost no service.  I was willing to overlook this (before I tasted the food) because they are BYOB.  Had we thought ahead to bring champagne for mimosas, I would have happily paid the extra couple dollars.  In fact, we had a view of a then-snow-covered patio, which is dog-friendly in the summer, and I was already envisioning coming back in the warmer months for a lazy brunch complete with champagne/mimosas.  But then...
4.  The food came.  And it was bad.  Just bad.  We both started with soup.  The French onion soup was virtually tasteless and the potatoes in my potato leek soup were practically raw.  And it was bland.  Then came the sandwiches.  My portobello wrap was lukewarm.  Not hot enough to make you think they actually heated it up ... not cold enough to know if they were serving it cold on purpose.  My boyfriend ordered the chicken pesto sandwich and actually didn't have too many complaints, until .... wait for it ...
5.  After taking a couple bites of his sandwich, he looked down, and pulled out a 4-inch black hair.  He was totally disgusted, as any normal person would be, but let's be honest - that can happen anywhere.  He wasn't sure what to do, since we didn't have a server, no one was at the cash register, etc., so while he tried to figure out how to handle it, I took another bite of my wrap.  And, now, here's the kicker.  I felt something funny in my mouth and, sure enough, pulled out an identical black hair.  That's right, I had actual hair in my mouth.  Yeah - totally disgusting.
6.  So what could be worse than that, you ask?  The staff and manager's completely unprofessional handling of this issue.  Until I saw how they tried to deal with this situation, I honestly thought that the only reaction any respectable restaurant would have would be to comp the meal, be mortified, and do whatever it takes to make it right.  Instead, the cashier/waitress offered for the cook (whose bangs were ... you guessed it ... 4 inches long and black) to make us two more sandwiches and, when we said no, she assured us it wouldn't take long and we should just get new sandwiches.  We absolutely refused, and then had to ask them to take the charges off of our bill.  They did charge us for the soups and the drinks ($9).  The absurdity of the situation didn't hit us until we left the place, and we were so furious that we called the restaurant back to ask to speak to a manager.  The manager was unprofessional, unreasonable, and refused to see our point of view.  And, when my boyfriend conversationally let the "s-word" slip (God forbid!), she accused him of "cursing at her and being offensive."  When he tried to end the conversation, she actually had the nerve to call him back and continue this behavior.  It was clear from the get-go that this place was reeking of pretension, but how anyone could be less than mortified as the restaurant manager in a situation like that is completely beyond me. 
7.  Flash forward to a week later, when we have had a dozen good meals to erase the terrifying memories of Trolley Car Café.  My boyfriend looks at his bank statement, and they actually have the gall to charge gratuity on the agreed-upon $9.  When he called to dispute this, the man he spoke to was surprisingly nice and took care of it.
BOTTOM LINE: Terrible food, even worse experience.  Will never, EVER return.I have very mixed reviews about this place.  They have great salads and sandwiches. The portions are nice and they make a salad dressing called "hot bacon" it is sooo good.  The menu changes quite a bit and I have called several times for take out to hear, "we don't have that, that, or that anymore."  I They have an awesome sweet potato cheesecake. I have had breakfast with very undercooked poatatos which I no longer order, sliders that were  like hockey pucks, and a very salty beef dinner. So I would says that this place can be a hit or a miss. Which is a shame for us because we live so close.Stopped here before heading back to New York and seriously, it's the most horrendous service I've ever experienced. My friends order was forgotten at a previous visit, but we decided to give it another chance. We waited over an hour to get our food. Another group of people that were seated at the same time as us received their food a lot earlier than us. When we got our food, the server forgot the side dishes I ordered and when I asked if it was on the way, he completely forgot that I ordered it and played it off as if I never gave him that order in the first place. I have waitressing experience and I understand that sometimes, it can get hectic when there's a steady inflow of people, but it shouldn't take the kitchen more than an hour to prepare the food. Very disappointed, probably won't be coming backThe food is good, but my goodness... $9.00+ for a breakfast sandwich???  I ordered a spinach, egg, cheese, onion and bacon wrap that cost over $9.00.  Well, let's just say I will never do that again.  While I look for fresh, preservative free food, spending $9.00 for a wrap is ridiculous.It was a beautiful 75 degree Saturday morning, which obviously calls for brunch on the patio. While waiting to be seated, a two top grabbed the attention of the hostess and were very upset that they have yet to be greeted by their server. Being the optimist that I am, I thought it could just be a busy morning (you know how brunch goes) but sadly, I can attest to the terrible service. Don't get me wrong, the staff was friendly and accommodating, but there was a lack in direction/management. 
The first table we were seated was in direct sunlight and had not been wiped down. Fortunately, a table in the shade opened up and our server let us switch to that table. The patio wasn't full and our food took still 30 minutes to come out. The table next to us, who arrived approximately 10 minutes after us, received their food way before we did. If you've ever cooked a breakfast before, you're well aware that eggs and bagels do not take 30 minutes to prepare. I ordered the Nova Platter and it was fine, nothing to Yelp about - had plenty of salmon which is a nice plus. On the other side of the table, my brother got his eggs over easy but came out practically raw. I also asked for napkins when our server brought out our food and never got them - nor were we attended to during our meal.
Trolley Car Cafe has the charm and potential to be a cool spot, but definitely needs to improve their service and culinary skills to get back on the right track.Let me start off by saying the food is always good. My fiance and I have never been disappointed. The lone issue we have had here is the service. Sitting inside or outside, it takes a long time to be served and get food. There seems to be a thousand busboys needing to be told what to do (not knowing how to do their job) and not enough servers. Trolley Car is about 3 blocks from our house and allows dogs out back. We would love to come here more but often find ourselves going into center city or up to Manayunk for better service. Would love to see some improvements and we would probably become regulars.The parking lot has some scary signs.  They basically discourage diners from parking there for fear of being towed.  I guess, in the summer time, Kelly drive visitors abuse the parking.  There is a pay lot across the street but why should I pay to park in this area.  
The other oddity is the fact that this place that specializes in breakfast does not offer pancakes.  Apparently it has to do with griddle space.  Each time I go I peruse the menu and feel as if the selection leaves something to be desired but I always find something interesting and I usually enjoy it.  
When it's warmer there is a nice patio for outdoor dining.  In the winter the single room diner is quite cozy.Servers uninterested. Ordered an ice tea that looked more like dishwater. Best was yet to come. The Mrs ordered a Meat Lovers fritatta and asked onions and cheese be added. What she received was a sloppy excuse of an omelette with onions and cheese! Yes that's right - no meat in the Meat Lovers fritatta. Requested it be sent back to the kitchen and an accurate order (an ACTUAL Fritatta) be brought in exchange. Shockingly the very same plate comes back with chopped ham and sausage scattered on TOP of the initial mess! Disaster. Left immediately. Will be sticking with the original Trolley car diner where servers are pleasant and aren't too cool to care.Eggs took about 30 minutes to come out and we're cold when they arrived. Tolls on my over easy eggs were already broken as if they were just thrown in the plate. Had a similar experience the last time I went to trolley car as well. Shame because they get a lot of business because there isn't much brunch competition in east falls. Not impressedagain trolley car saved my day!!! me & kiddos  lunch was great!!! thank you,thank you!!!Great location, but the food is just 'ok'. Its the type of food that is on the border between 'i can do it myself/i need to go to a restaurant to get it'. 
Like other users have stated, it does take a very long time to get simple dishes out, like paninis and salads.
Also, the bathroom had a ton of flies in it.
Overall, would not recommend. Only come here if theres nothing else around. Try the pizza and italian place next door - 'in riva'Good food but service for outside seating isn't always quick or attentive. It's worth taking the chance on the service to have the food though!It's really rare that I write a 1-star review, but this visit to the Trolley Car deserved it. First off, let me say that I was very excited and heard so many great things from friends over the years. The cute fascade and doggy-treats, and BYO-friendly signs made me smile so I was very eager to see what all the fuss was about! 
After waiting about five minutes to be seated, we were brought to the outdoor patio which was about half full. The girl sprayed down the table with Windex and a paper towel (is that actually a disinfectant?). I felt bad for the tables near us who were trying to eat while inhaling Windex with their food!
Another five minutes later a waitress asked "has anyone helped you?"... Ummm... no. How about an introduction? What's your name? Welcome to the Trolley Car? OKAY - so we ordered two coffees and two waters. This nameless waitress brought them back about 5 minutes later - with the creamer dish inside the top of one mug of coffee. We took the dish out, and it was soaked with coffee. I'm sure we took in our fair amount of germs with our morning beverages. 
The experience here basically got worse and worse. No coffee refills. No managers to come around and apologize for the slow and unfriendly service. Basically - there were no redeeming qualities of this visit except that the food was pretty tasty. 
Sidenote: One of my Yelp friends (who shall remain nameless) WAS planning to use this Cafe to cater their wedding!!! After months of planning, the Owner decided to unexpectedly raise the prices on the deal -- and my friends backed out. I'm pretty sure the poor management decisions here are the reason why the restaurant is quickly sliding downhill. 
Will not return.Amazingg Food!! Best Smoothies I've ever tried in my life The General Manager Jasmine Fields Is amazing! Everything is 10× better since she starting managing the cafe! If you haven't been there in a couple years you're missing out!! The Trolley Car Cafe is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! If you go to The Trolley Car Cafe often you are living life rightUPDATE from after my review below: According to the owner, who left a very kind response to my review, the Trolley Car Cafe is still under the same ownership as when they opened in 2011, and the General Manager has been with the company for several years. His response was extremely professional and thoughtful, and these sort of things matter! Thank you so much, Ken! We'll be back for breakfast.
----
Normally the service is pretty good and the food is always good. Our most recent visit left a lot to be desired. According to some of the more recent reviews, it seems like Trolley is under a new management or new 'team'? Can't confirm this, but maybe that explains a few things. Our second most recent visit hasn't been since late springtime of this year and back then I would have given this place 4 stars.
Firstly, we sat outside because we had our dog with us. They were very accomodating to the dog, as there was an area where you could go get a water bowl and fill it for the dog and they even have a little doggie menu that you can order off of for your pup. We got her the chicken jerky and peanut butter biscuits and she thoroughly enjoyed them.
Our food was good--we ordered the catfish and waffles, meat frittata, and cucumber & melon gazpacho (very refreshing on a humid summer day!) We also ordered iced coffees and fresh squeezed orange juice, and they provided us with water as well.
The service was the main problem. The waitors/waitresses were nice enough, but they forgot to bring our drinks out and were serving others who got there well after us while we sat and waited. They admitted they forgot, and we said it was no problem because really, it wasn't a problem at the time. And then they never brought out the orange juice when they did bring out our drinks, so I had to ask for that again the next time they came over. And then one girl went from table to table to tell everyone their credit card machine was out and they could only accept cash, which definitely put some customers in a tough spot since they didn't have cash on them (luckily I happened to have just enough.) And then they served, not one, not two, but three tables that came anywhere from 15 minutes to an hour later than us. We waited almost 2 hours for our food (we arrived at 9:40something-AM and did not get our food until after 11AM.) There was no apology for the wait either and no acknowledgement. Then before we were about to pay and leave, we asked if the credit card machines were working yet, and the waitress told us yes, they were. We did think it was a bit thoughtless to not go around telling the tables that the machine was working since they went around telling everyone that they weren't woking in the first place. So my partner pays for breakfast inside and then we had to leave tip, so I went inside and asked a lady at the register to break a bill for me. She asked, with an attitude, if I was buying something and I said no, this is for the tip, and I thanked her twice and she didn't even look at me or respond to me, just handed me my bills and walked away. Okay...
So all in all, some things to be desired. We like it there and we will be back as it's conveniently located near us and the food is good, but we're going to wait a while and hope that things get a little better and the staff gets better mentoring/training before then.My biggest complaint about Trolley Stop is that it was way overpriced for what it is.  That being said the food was pretty good.  I had the turkey club panini, i had ordered it with cheddar but i guess they forgot that.  turns out it didnt really need the cheddar (though it would have been nice) and the sandwich was still really good.  My girlfriend had the chop salad which was also really good except that it was not chopped as the name would suggest and the bowl was too small and over packed with ingredients to chop it yourself at the table.  also they forgot the turkey bacon that was supposed to come on it.  the inside was small but nice and there was a big outside patio in the back that looked great.  so all and all it was pretty good but again definitely over priced.Cute Parkside cafe near the Falls bridge At Fairmount Park. 
I found the spot while looking for a viewing point to watch my husband running the 25th annual Philadelphia marathon. Despite the traffic and crowds outside the staff was extremely friendly and welcoming.Food was great. I had a waffle with berries. I also had fresh fruit smoothie. My husband got a club. I enjoyed the actual fresh fruit. Service was friendly. And the location on the drive makes for a great saunter afterwards. Perfect brunch.Arugula, goat cheese and caramelized onions on a flat bread for me.  Doggie meatballs for my Maltese named Casper.  Life is good in my hood.Great selection of dishes for whatever you are craving. Sitting outside on the back patio is must during the spring/summer months. Brunch was fantastic and we are looking forward to going back again and again.Awesome awesome place:
1) BYOB
2) Dog friendly
3) Vitamin water
4) Killer brunch
5) Frittatas
6) Fish tacos
7) Chorizo breakfast burrito
8) Challah french toast w/ nutella
Definitely check it out.I don't think you can go wrong going to this place when it comes to food.  However, the selection is about as small as the restaurant, only about a handful of entrées and maybe a couple of specials to choose from.  I found it slightly overpriced compared to the portions served.  There are better and less expensive options nearby but it's a quaint place to bring out of town guests to for a nice breakfast.I had a sweet potato bowl and it was pretty mediocre. I could have made one way better. The potatoes were hardly cooked, the eggs were so scrambled I felt like they had been chopped up in a blender, I couldn't even taste them, and the salsa was just diced tomatoes. All together there was 0 flavor. It seems like people always like this place and now this has been my second meal here and it was just as unimpressive as the first.This will be my boyfriend and I's place to go for breakfast. The staff were friendly and nice. They were overall down to earth and helpful with the menu. I ordered the Pesto Breakfast Wrap and my boyfriend had the Cinnabon Breakfast sandwich. We loved our food and we are both looking forward to coming back again.I have officially been coming here for years!  I am here now, and will address some of the negative reviews I've read:
1. One reviewer gave Trolley Car a bad review because they asked for "no mayo" and got mayo.  Honestly, I hate mayo and would probably do the same if I had that experience.  My orders have always been accurate.
2. A couple of reviewers complained about the service, and in the past I would have agreed.  I recall one waitress who was just down right b**chy.  Trolley Car seems very responsive though, because I have not seen her in a while and the server that I have today could not be more sweet and attentive is she tried.  I had her the last time I came as well.
3. For better or for worse, the menu has changed entirely since 2011, so be sure to read more recent reviews if you are looking for opinions on the food.
Today I ordered the nova platter, and it was impressive!  I actually said "wow" when it came out--toasted bagel, arugula salad with capers, tomato, cucumbers, nova (lox) and cream cheese.  The presentation was lovely and I devoured it.  The guy at the table next to me said "wow" when his order came also.  Not sure what he ordered, but two "wows" in one morning is pretty great.
I think a good restaurant should be willing to listen, make changes, improve, and update the menu.  Trolley Car is a winner for me.Great alternative diner. 
Big inside
Good food and menu and serves alcohol
great milkshakes
Perfect for kidsWe came here with a group of six and had the best time. They seated us right away. They have a latte menu, specials menu and regular menu with both breakfast and lunch options. We ordered two grilled cheeses ( mozzarella , pesto and other amazing stuff) and split those for the table. One of us got a Cinnamon bun breakfast sandwich with eggs and bacon! I had this awesome apple turkey panini. We had three people waiting on our table and they were all super friendly and funny. We can't wait to go back! This is our new favorite spot.Just had breakfast there and was pleasantly surprised. Not a huge menu but good choices. The prices are probably a dollar or two more than a diner but the quality of the food was definitely better. Staff was very friendly and overall it was a good experience. Can't wait for spring so they open their outside seating.The food is just ok and the service is poor. I have wanted to like this place and tried it several times and am disappointed each time.I'm completely disappointed in this place!! They took advantage of our group. I paid for 3 appetizers for up to 15 people and did not receive the $360 worth of food and service as expected. I wondered why they require payment in advance prior to eating the meal. It makes sure review the money but leaves the customer less empowered to argue with the quantity because they control the amount. I feel that if I pay for 15 people then give me the food don't decide for me on how much is to be given at any point. I recover a total of 4 trays of both bruchetta and caprese salad in total and 1 tray of hummus side of veggies! Then they actually charge 18% gratuity for a person who simply placed the trays on table along with water/plates. NO SERVICE!! I've gone to restaurants and paid for actual food not just appetizers and paid this amount for food along with good attentive wait staff. I contacted the catering manager and she declined to refund part of my money. I think they are way overpriced for the portion size, the food is ok defiantly not great and they have really poor customer service skills and customer recovery. I felt like they made excuses and did not hold themselves accountable. Big big big dissapointment. There are too many great places in philadelphia and they won't be around long with this attitude! I will tell everyone I know never to patron this establishment ever! I do not have anything positive to say expect "buyer beware" they take advantage and don't deliver on the goods!Me and my guy decided to visit this little hidden Gem on this rainy Thursday for brunch. AMAZING! They have BYOB although we didn't bring anything just seeing that made me happy. I ordered the Belgian waffles with strawberries and whipped cream, beef sausage links, chicken sausages patties and potatoes. My
Guy got pancakes, grits, and eggs. Everything was amazing. I also like how you can grab your own menu and seat yourself. Didn't take long for staff to come greet us and take our orders, very polite gentleman. The food is very in expensive. With everything we ordered, the total only came up to $44 bucks. I also noticed that they had outside seating, which is wonderful because I love to bring my Bichon Frise w/ me everywhere. Will be visiting again soon to try the dinner menu.Portion size and presentation is a little underwhelming for the price, but the location is really great after a jog up Kelly Drive - so long as you don't sit downwind from other diners.I wanted to like this place soooooo bad! The decor is so cute. Exactly what you expected at a trendy city spot but the service is so bad. I'm not even sure who our server was because everyone we talked to we only spoke with once.
 One guy said he'd be with us when we were seated but then another lady took our order. Nothing is worse than lukewarm creamed chipped beef so I politely just asked that they make sure it's hot. Well when another person brought it out, it wasn't hot (and I don't mean like some unattainable hot, as a server I know some people aren't happy no matter how hot you make it). I would have said something but my grandfather's food was also cold and it was so hard to get anyone's attention that I flagged a random worker down and I didn't want to load someone up with all these plates who wasn't even our server. That was such a process I didn't want to have to do it again so I just dealt with it. No one ever came over to see if we were okay (where maybe I could have gotten it heated up) and then we were done I had to get up and flag another random person to get the bill. Gentleman who said he would be with us , never was. Lady who took our order never came back. Was kind of a mess. But really cute decor.. so...We just had my son's third birthday party at the Trolly Car Cafe.  It was a wonderful experience.  The cafe is a lovely, old, restored bath house with a great covered patio and outside seating. Adults and children ate well and had a blast.  We were able to pick the menu out and make it unique to what we wanted and they carried it out. The food was delicous! We had the whole place to ourselves for the party.The staff was helpful, attentive and very kind. Highly recomend checking this spot out for a good meal and for a place to have a party.Went there several months ago and were turned away.  They were finished for the day although we were twenty minutes before closing.  This was a third attempt to like the place.  The outdoor deck is nice.  The food is mediocre at best and the staff not accommodating.  We wanted a small variation on a salad but that was "not possible."  Service does not seem to be in the picture for this place.  Too bad.  A good, reasonably priced eatery at this location, would be a boon to East Falls.It is what it is. A little neighborhood community center of sorts. Service was friendly.
Decor was outdated and kinda drab but I don't think it's the purpose of this spot.
Food was similar to a cafe. Seemed good. Bacon was not cooked well but it's not the end of the world. It was raw, but they replaced it.We've been here a few times- each time was for breakfast/lunch and it was very good.  Recommend the fritatta, cream chip beef (excellent), cheese grits, crab cake slider and strawberry smoothie.  Our local brunch preferences have been the Urban Cafe (Sundays only) and Trolley Car Cafe the rest of the week.I adore this cafe.  I have to commute into Philly several days a week and I'm happy I found it on my route.  The atmosphere is pleasant, friendly multicultural and feels inclusive.  There are babies and old people and it's very simple and  welcoming and real.  The coffee's good.  The menu is varied from basic to fancy.  The prices are reasonable.  The staff is friendly.  I've never had to wait long at all.  They're generous without being ridiculous.  I cannot wait to eat outside on the patio as I only started going here last fall.