One of my regular places when I was living in Philly, and I try to stop in whenever I'm back in town. Friendly service, decent food -- breakfast is especially good -- and the price can't be beat. It can get quite crowded on weekends, but if you go during less crowded times, they are happy to let you sit a while to chat with friend, hold a casual business meeting, or get a little work done.You're gonna walk in and be like "woah awesome!" About this place, but the food will bring you back to the soul crushing realization that you're really just at a diner.I have never had anything other than breakfasts here, but I'm a huge fan of diner breakfasts. I like to go with the "Mt. Airy": two eggs, some bacon, toast, and home fries. Oh, and coffee and juice. All at a reasonable price. I can't speak for the rest of the menu (which is huge) because I'm a breakfast-all-day kind of girl when I go to a diner.
I've always had good service and not too long of a wait, as I tend to go on weekday mornings. I enjoy the retro look of the new menu, and the fact that there is a deli and a six pack shop inside. A nice place to have in your neighborhood.I have been going to Trolley car for 8 years since first moving to Philadelphia. It is a fantastic restaurant. Great food, great service, great atmosphere. A must see in the Chestnut Hill area.We have been going to the diner for many years. It has some of the best diner food around but very pricey. Although I still go, we are appalled at how dirty and grimy its become. The floor is disgusting, especially under the tables. The rug in the other section smells really bad and looks dirty. The whole diner needs a major cleaning.  Its time to clean up.Delicious roast turkey hoagie loaded with banana peppers. The bread is good too. Side of homemade chips are seasoned perfectly. You will find something good on this menu. My waitress was sweet too!Great place for a family breakfast. The staff is friendly and the service is fast. Food is very good, home style.  Pancakes are light and fluffy,  eggs cooked just right. We had a great experience and would recommend this place.I love fish and grits and eggs easy over!!  I googled best grits in Philly and the top 4 were the 3 Green Eggs Cafes and The Trolley Car Diner. I have for a couple of years been convinced that the Green Eggs Cafes have the best grits I have ever had. So it was a no-brainer that I had to come here. 
I order the cornmeal crusted catfish and both of their grits--plain and white cheddar and had it with two eggs easy over. It camewith toast which was mostly overkill. The eggs were cooked absolutely to perfection!  I was very disappointed with the fish. The fish itself was fresh and tasty but the essential corn meal crust was moverseasoned in a way I found very disturbing. Some might enjoy the herbs in the crust but they completely took away from the purpose. Not peppery at all and not really salty enough (and I have a sensitive salt pallet that is easily overwhelmed). Now onto the grits. The plain grits could only crack a top ten list in a northern city. The white cheddar grits were good, but were reliant on the yolk of the egg to truly pass the muster. A proper corn meal crust would have aided to the grits as well, but that was unfortunately lacking. I rationed the eggs to get through the generous portion of grits, which made the meal far closer to my liking. 
The waitress was great. And she was immediately willing to indulge me my need for some of each grits. 
I came in with high expectations, what with their grits being sandwiched between the three Green Eggs Cafes and all in this top 15 list I saw. 
High expectations aside, I would have been disappointed by the corn meal crust and the good not great white cheddar grits. I am very glad I did not only order the plain grits. 
Now for the crazy thing about this place--They have a list of 400 very well priced beers!  A pretty impressive list separated into Domestic, European, Canadian, Belgian, Mexico/South America, Local Craft, Northeast Craft, Midwest Craft, West Coast Craft, and Southern Craft beers and a few Gluten free beers flavored beverages like ciders and two non-alcoholic beers as well. But they close at 9pm and 10pm on Friday and Saturday, so get your tasting in early!I went here with my father today and I liked what I got - the Roast Turkey Dinner. I wanted to get it with a baked potato and carrot + celery sticks but apparently they don't start making the baked potatoes until 3 PM or so. I found it a little weird, but not a huge deal, so I went with the mashed potatoes instead.
They put the gravy on the side instead of drowning the turkey in it, which I thought was kind of neat since I had gone to another diner (Four Seasons) and they pretty much drowned the turkey in gravy.
They gave me an extremely generous portion of ranch dressing for the carrots and celery. It seemed somewhat wasteful to me - I think they gave me the same amount of dressing as they did turkey gravy. Maybe it was a mistake.
Also they have mint chocolate chip milkshakes, which to me is a rarity since most places only seem to have vanilla, chocolate, and occasionally strawberry. I guess it's possible this flavor is more common in 40s/50s inspired diners. I don't go to enough of them to know for sure.This is one of the better diners that I've been to in the area. The club sandwich that I got was on point. Delish! The fries are excellent. My girlfriend got a Cuban sandwich with low expectations since we just moved from Miami & it was surprisingly really, really close to the real thing. The parking lot isn't abundant but there is plenty of room to make a creative parking spot. Unfortunately, you don't actually eat in the diner but in the restaurant adjacent to the diner. We also ordered Asian donuts which were very good but the sauce was very watery. That didn't stop me from eating it though! Expect to pay approx $15 pp for your meal.I have been here a few time. If you want a cute diner this is a good place for you. If you are looking for an efficient diner, you should probably find somewhere else. After waiting for about 40 mins for an omelet and 3 breakfast burritos that food was good. If they could speed things up, this would be a good dinerA great neighborhood like Mt Airy deserves a great diner and that's what we have at the Trolley Car. There's a lot to like about it-- excellent breakfasts, terrific burgers, a huge beer selection, real milkshakes for people like me who don't drink beer.Such a cute atmosphere, I really wish that the food had been better so that I could come back again, but unfortunately, it was one of the worse meals I have had in a while. I ordered a pizza burger (the special). Simple enough. But it took 30 minutes to get to me and was so over-cooked and burnt that it was all dried out. The sweet potato fries that came with it were cooked in old oil, you could taste it. And the side of homemade potato chips? Stale. No "crisp" to them. My dining partner had eggplant parm sandwich and it had so much breading on it that the eggplant was drowned out - and again, also fried in old oil that added a funky taste. The server was very pleasant (though a 30 minute wait, he did check back several times to tell us "it is coming!"  I asked for more marinara sauce (to cover up the dried, tasteless burger) and he brought it promptly. I would not come back here for lunch/dinner, but perhaps breakfast or ice cream would be fine.This is my favorite diner. Good food, good prices, good service. During the week I like that they have breakfast specials named after the neighborhood train stations (though I don't like the food in the special named after my train station). 
It's a great place to go for breakfast and dinner. And I too love the ice cream trolley out front. Now here's hoping that the construction on Germantown Ave won't hurt it too much!I am a fan in the past of TCD, but the last meal I had really gives me pause about what is happening to their food.  Meat loaf was about 10 percent meat and 90 percent stuffing, like in turkey stuffing.  Spinich artichoke dip is strangely infused with ham broth, hardly appealing to the veggie crowd.  Cheddar beer soup was way too salty.  Corned beef Reuben was good.  I have had good breakfasts in the past which leads me to recommend ordering food that don't require too much prep and are basic and can't be screwed up.  Someone needs to retaste the food.  Quality first or don't offer it on menu.Trolley Car Diner, I have been dreaming of your spinach and feta omelette. I was lucky enough to be introduced to this diner gem by my husband and father-in-law. I don't know what it is about Philly and South Jersey's love of diners, but I wish the trend would come to DC! 
Friendly servers, jovial diners, and delicious, hearty food served up in a vintage-feel atmosphere. I had no issues finding gluten-free options. YUM!Solid diner food, good music and atmosphere, and really nice staff. And there's beer. Good beer. Lots of it. So much beer.A very busy place on a weekend morning. I'd like to try it when it's not as compressed but, the wait moved quickly as the staff are on the ball and the place is enormous. 
The menu is vast to say the least, there's something for everyone!  I had the eggs Benedict and was very happy with it. The coffee was just okay, they'll give you real milk if you don't like those fake creamer things. My sister had the buttermilk pancakes and they were fab too. They have an impressive beer selection and apparently adult milkshakes...sounds fun, I'll have to return for brunch or dinner. 
The service was friendly, quick and efficient and the place was clean. Fun place.Had a post bar crawl breakfast here with friends on a Saturday morning. Food was very good - I recommend the corn beef hash and grits, though the eggs Benedict looked good as well. Service was pretty slow for a breakfast place though - it took about an hour to get our food.
+1 star because you can get alcohol there (beer, milkshakes, etc).I really have wanted to like this place since it opened.  I live nearby, and love diners.  Unfortunately, I can't say much good about it.  One word:  MANAGEMENT  (or lack of.)
They need someone to really train the staff- in timely prep., serving, etc. 
Service is usually poor, food quality fair, and prices are way too high for a diner.
Every time I go there (which is very rarely these days) I say to myself: Why did I come here again?"   A great location, nice venue, but just doesn't cut it.  It's a shame...Just go here for an amazing milkshake! Food is average. Place looks dirty and desperately needs updating!Me and my boyfriend was in the diner for breakfast yesterday and we sat upfront we ordered coffee and discovered a baby roach in the coffee the waitress acted like she didn't care!!!!!! Will not be going back!!!!!!!The ol' reliable Diner.  Decent food (improving) friendly folks, and a great neighborhood vibe.  All day breakfast and a liquor license--what else could you ask for?This is a great place the outside place is amazing and there breakfast is bomb the chocolate chip pancakes are amazing and there chili is amazing  too there fish waffles are AMAZING definitely worth a trySo Terrible. No taste. I had eggs Benedict and home fries. None of it tastes like anything. I get better breakfast at McDonald's. And it was cold inside in November even though I had 5 layers of clothing on. Will never come back here.Trolley Car is your typical diner but executes diner food very well.
Breakfast is served all day, so I got an egg and cheese sandwich on whole grain with home fries. The bread was AMAZING (I think it is Le Bus?) and the eggs were cooked very well. I was not a fan of the home fries, which were very bland and cold. I also tried the chocolate chip pancakes, which were huge, fluffy, and studded with chocolate chips - just how I like them!
I will definitely be back.I really do like this place, however the food is not very consistent. I normally get a hoagie - today turkey and cheese - but instead of a mound of meat that made the roll look thin, it was a few sad pieces of turkey, so I mostly tasted just the bread and the gigantic pile of hot and banana peppers they used to cover up the lack of meat. The side chips, we counted, consisted of twelve. Just twelve, whereas half the time, it's 4-5+ times that amount.  The hoagie was good, yes, but not $10 good.  
This is the same for pretty much everything we try here. Pancakes on the weekend are usually good, but not always. The egg wraps sometimes delicious, and other times dripping liquids and pretty gross. Hashbrowns are sometimes crispy and warm, other times mushy and cold. 
The staff is usually great, but today not so much. The girl spent most of the time staring at her phone and talking to her coworkers, while we waited and waited for her to notice we were done. I was going to get a refill, but after waiting so long, why bother? 
Normally we made a habit of going here if not every week, then every other week, but with how inconsistent they are lately, we are going to take a break from this place.Love the beer selection and the staff, they always seem to go out of their way to make me feel at home. Loved my omelet and home-fries this past weekend.  I'm happy to be a repeat customer and I'll continue to spread the word to anyone with an appetite for a classic American diner meal.We were visiting colleges with our daughter and stumbled upon this place.  Awesome burgers!  We did not drink but what a beer selection.  Very nice wait staff and cool cellphone charging station by the restrooms.  We will be visiting again soon.Low quality food, spotty service and the most revolting hollandaise I've ever encountered. If there's no where to go, I guess it's hard to screw up an omelet, but the overall quality of the food is just so very sub par compared to pretty much every other diner in Philadelphia. I guess it suits the need for the after-church crowd to flood in there on the weekend for brunch, but I can't see any reason to go there over one of the good diners nearby in Roxborough. They do have a good take-away beer selection, and once I had a bourbon-sauce burger that was pretty decent, so I guess that warrants a second star. But, really, its a convenient place for tourists and the nondiscriminating eaters and it's probably exciting for your grandmother, but in a city with hundreds of diners, this one is dramatically inferior.Terrible food. Decor is average but service is wonderful. Food just doesn't taste good. Great location and theme though. Wait time a bit long but it was expected for a Sunday breakfast.Love this place! Food and service is always great. Just stopped in yesterday while I'm Philly area. This is my third time visiting and food was excellent. My kid loves the donuts and milkshakes. Would highly recommend this restaurant to anybody. None of us have ever had an item we did not like. Owner is very sweet and welcoming and the staff are friendly.Great diner!  The french fries and milkshakes are awesome!
The portions are generous and the service is pretty good too!We have been wanting to try for awhile. It was one of the best diners I have encountered in the area. Staff was friendly. Good kids menu. My husband loved the veggies omelette and I had regular French toast. All fresh ingredients. We will be backNo customer  service, over charged , the owner well he is very poor example. Simply rude staff, dirty to the point of being gross, horrid food, and not a true diner.
This place needs help.  
They have beer and oddly a liquor license. 
Yeah a Rita's could not open  because the owner here opposed it.
New Diner needed in Mt. Airy/ Chestnut Hill.I've eaten here 3 times and I've never really been that impressed. Omelet not that tasty. Potatoes bland. (And they don't come with the eggs; you have to order them separately.) Service very slow. (I had to hunt down the waitress to plead for our check so we could leave.) You can probably find someplace better.Had to wait 2 hours to get a cheesesteak omelette, probably not coming back any time soonNice breakfast place.   When it is warm dining outside is a plus.  We don't go often but prices and atmosphere are worth it.I've been a PA boy my whole life but did a stint in Jersey. While there, I got spoiled by the quality diners that seem to be on every corner. 
The Trolley Car isn't your typical Jersey diner, but it is awesome. The quantity and quality of food is there, along with the variety on the menu. They also earn major bonus points for having a killer take-out beer store inside.
My only beefs are with the hours and the service... a 10PM closing time is shameful for a diner, and the service seems to be pretty inconsistent; sometimes it's on-point, and other times it leaves something to be desired.Had dinner here two nights in a row while in Philly for two nights.  Would have tried a different place if we didn't have two kids with us.  Food was excellent and staff was very friendly.  Husband and I had fun choosing from the 400+ beer cases.  It made for conversation with others as well.  Great for trying local brews.  I had hummus salad one night and trolley car diner the other night - love goat cheese.  Husband had really good cheeseburger and the cheesesteak the other.  Kids had mac and cheese, Belgian waffle, great chicken tenders.  Something for everyone and reasonably priced as well.Upon arriving @ 715 am,  the parking lot smelled of garbage.   Inside the smell was also disgusting. Looking around the counter and the booths you could see the dirt and grim. I was waiting to see a roach or mouse scamper out from where I sat, bit thankfully it didn't happen. Its no wonder the place stunk. 
Our waitress was efficient and the breakfast was adequate however,  the coffee tasted like brown water. I will never return to this dirty smelly place.I'm. . .actually not sure what I like about this place, food-wise. I've never had anything there that I absolutely LOVED. The menu is huge, however, so my dream brunch entree could be there waiting for me, covered in grease and beer and cheese, just like I like it. 
The beer menu, however, is glorious and expansive. And their cocktails are good! The donuts and latkes are tasty. We've always had good service, too - some of our friends are picky eaters and the wait staff has always been patient and accommodating. And since the food is okay, we keep coming back. I guess that's actually an authentic diner experience, isn't it? It's somewhere you can eat perfectly okay food with your friends and bitch about your week.Food and service was great. I had a vegetable grinder with kettle chips and my husband had grits with catfish.  Although my sandwich was missing the flavored mayo our waitress quickly remedied and brought over the mayo. This is a great breakfast or lunch spot.Love this place. I just recently moved to the Germantown area and was looking for a great breakfast spot. Not often that you can find many diners outside South Philly so I was excited to search through yelp and came across this place. I went one morning with my dad and we first ordered coffee. Was said that they stop carrying La Colombe coffee as it's one of my favorite. The breakfast was good and my dad loved the homemade biscuits. I got a Chocolate cake to go. It was good but a little on the dry side. Overall, I would defiantly come back and also try their dinner too.Great weekend brunch spot, but you may need to wait a while (~20 minutes)  before being seated and served your food.
I had eggs benny and it was pretty good, the poached eggs were a tad runny. My fellow brunchettes  had the egg sammie and 1 egg breakfast w/bacon. I tried out the bacon and it was crisp and light, just right. Our home fries were great, not dried out nor fried too much. Some homemade jams or jellies would've been great to go with the quality bread they served my friend, but she had to settle for the so-so pre-packaged Heinz things.
We were able to pay for the entire bill separately, which always is a plus in my book. I'd come back for: a burger and milkshake; one of their first Friday beer events; pancakes.Just sat at the counter for 10 minutes. Staff walked by me 25 times. No one acknowledged me or said a word. wow. Just wanted some eggs!I really liked this place. It's definitely diner food so don't come expecting to experience the finest eats on the planet. But let me be clear, it's good food. I had a pretty impressive crock of onion soup and a grilled cheese with tomato and bacon. I washed it all down with a spicy Bloody Mary and now I'm sitting here wishing I had my stretchy pants on because I'm busting a gut.Disappointing food, hey if a diner can't get the diner classics right then, what are you even doing being in business?! Got poached eggs, had to return them, the kitchen had no idea how to make them. The potatoes are meh, pro tip to the kitchen: salt does wonders for potatoes, guys! Coffee is okay. Everything is over-priced, however. On the weekends, long lines, not worth it at all. Go spend your money elsewhere.Got a rotten white and grey roast beef sandwich. 0% would eat and I'm not even picky. They comped it but that should never have been made or servedService has improved, and I get the feeling that they are trying a little harder lately, in general.  Still nothing all that great, but it's back on the list of acceptable quick options in the neighborhood for me.Exceeded my expectations! Surprisingly large portions, fair price and GOOD food! Will definitely return.I was shocked to see this only has 3 stars??? I have eaten here a dozen times and each time the service was always good, the food was always brought to the table in a timely manner the way I ordered it, and all the staff unbelievably friendly. If your in the mood for a sandwich or breakfast this is a must try for the area.Aww, man, this seriously bums me out to write this, especially since I have been all up in arms (along with the rest of the community) over the fact that the road in front of the business has been closed due to all that crazy roadwork on Germantown Avenue.
Long story short...the road directly in front of the diner has been re-opened. And I've been going here since the place opened a few years ago; that is, until I came to my senses and realized that the service was always terrible, the food sub-par and the prices a bit steep. But I rallied around the fact that it was a neighborhood business, and my aim in life is to give them my support.
So since my dad is in town, I made the executive decision to go back to Trolley Car so we could show them some solidarity. After a 20 minute wait (no worries...) we were seated in the section of a lovely waitress who actually remembered my family - awesome! But then it all went downhill. It took 45 minutes for our breakfast to come, half the things we ordered were missing and the taste, well, let's just say that we all stopped at the local coffee place on the way home for some treats.
Trolley Car Diner, I'm pulling for you. We all are. But being local just isn't enough. Your neighbors are pulling out all the stops to support you. I hope you guys do the same to show us that you're working hard to keep us coming back, traffic problems be damned!
xo to the waitress, though. That lady was working her fanny off.Been here a few times. Everything tastes fresh, and the atmosphere is cute and classic. Their cheese steak is surprisingly good as well as their fries. They have good milkshakes and old fashioned soda as well. Great local spot.Food was decent. I enjoyed my grits and biscuits. The cornbeef hash was amazing (not from the can) as the waitress Mya shared. She was very nice but the rest of the waitstaff was not so nice. From the greeting at the door to the look walking in, to trying to get a spoon from a waitress passing by with a ton of spoons in her hand, to my husband seeing 2 of the workersin the bathroom with their apron still on....I would not go back to this place. And we were visiting from NY. They really need to work on the customer service.As much as I truly love the idea of this place (an iconic looking diner in our neighborhood of Mt. Airy, with a wide-ranging menu of items that are sure to please anybody), I have to call it out for its frankly disgusting level of uncleanliness. Filthy floors, previous customers' cups of ice left sitting on the ledge next to our booth, a cold, condensation-soaked bathroom that had the general feel/smell of a public beach restroom, all made me regret coming, but I was starving and had already placed my order. "But it's a greasy spoon!" you might say. "A diner! That's part of the charm." In theory, yes, but if you are looking to fulfill your diner needs, this one might let you down on several basic counts:
1. It ain't that cheap, and there is little to nothing about the food that justifies the stinginess in the price of the menu items. There is an up charge for almost everything imaginable. An example that I noticed was the omelette, which starts at a baseline of $6 for nothing more than the eggs. I personally ordered a pretty lousy chicken cheesesteak for $9, which at least came with some kettle chips. The idea is that this is a "fun" diner, a fresh new take that has boozy milkshakes and donuts to go (which ARE good, I give credit where credit is due!), and is therefore worth it. More power to them, I guess. But if you are like me and others I know who have been here, you WILL leave having spent more than you might assume you would, for nothing more than fairly standard diner food.
2. I've seen the slowness/inattentiveness of the service mentioned in other reviews, and I'd like to reiterate that here. The server at our most recent visit was very kind, but my order was wrong and it took a long time to get to our table besides. She seemed to be one of the few working that night, so I sympathize if perhaps she was overwhelmed. However, service has NOT always been friendly, and two nights ago I witnessed an absolutely nauseating scene of a waitress (different from the one who waited on us), using her bare hands and a knife to dish up another customer's order of cheesecake, popping at least five bites into her own mouth and then LICKING HER FINGERS as she dished up a little more. Very discreet, and who can blame her, right?! Unfortunately, it was as alarming to me as the old French fries mashed into the floor, the used napkins piled under our table, the patina of grime coating almost every surface, the used plastic cups and random bottles of beer gathered on the counter, the drooping cakes languishing in the underlit display case.
I want to believe in and enjoy this place. It has every opportunity to be great, and looks so inviting from the outside. But I have had too many experiences where my overwhelming thought is that the space is in urgent need of a facelift and a mop.Best breakfast in area,the staff is always ready to full your empty glass when it's empty,diner is always clean,if in area you Will not be disappointed . Ps. Try the milkshakes,your come back just from themHow could a place with an amazing assortment of beer serve the most disgusting  food? I had a salad and wanted to die. The chicken was fried in old oil and taste like used paper towels. I mean you don't have to make the lettuce. It comes out the ground made. This was the first time in my life that I ate a salad that was horrible.Wonderful lunch while in Philadelphia area.  Turkey panini, meatball sub, veggie omelet all served piping hot.  The homemade potato chips outstanding side.  Wonderful server with Wit and a smile.  450 beers she says, my husband enjoyed only 1.  We will be back for the donuts, I promiseThis place probably means well but the food is below average not what I want for breakfast. I want Fantastic for breakfast because I can actually stay home and make my own. It was actually pretty bad, I wont be back. This pains me I hate giving bad reviews for food. Bad reviews on other stuff like service etc. Can be corrected but this food thing will run me away quickly. Service was OKI live in Dallas now but I make sure to visit my favorite diner whenever I am in the city!  Best breakfast ever!!!  Can't choose a favorite meal...I love them all!I'd lean towards a 2.5 star review here. I'd like to give more on the menu a try before changing the stars though.
     We went for a late breakfast today. Not a bad wait. I had a western omelet with a side of potato pancakes and my girlfriend had blueberry pancakes with a side of pork sausage.
     The omelet was good. Veggies seemed freshly prepared (peppers and onions) and cooked slightly before being added to the eggs. I like the slightly browned veggies. The ham was also slightly pre cooked as well. Downside was the omelet was a little small. Also the potato pancakes were probably the highlight. It was a basket of thin, crispy, deep fried little pancakes in a decent portion size. For the price, the omelet by itself is a bit off, since you have to pay $1.50 extra for some of the sides (hash browns, potato pancakes, some other stuff).
     The pancakes were ok, but something was a little off. They looked to be cooked quite perfectly, but the outer "shell" was a bit tough/chewy. So strange because the inside was nice and fluffy. It must be due to some of the ingredient proportions in the batter.
     Overall, what you would expect from a diner. Not a standout, but good diner food.
Update: I'm starting to lean more towards a 2 star. We ordered some takeout the other day and I got the Cuban sandwich, but asked for no mustard. When we went to pick up the order, we were told the sandwiches are premade and couldn't get it without mustard. They told us they tried to call back to see if we wanted something different, but there were no missed calls. It's disappointing to know that some of this stuff isn't even made on aA Fun (and Favorite) Diner.
As a Jersey native, to me, diners must be open 24 hours and serve breakfast for all 24 of those hours.
While the Trolley Car Diner isn't open 24/7, they sure do serve a darn good breakfast. A bad day instantly becomes amazing when I know that I am going to eat their White Cheddar Grits that day.
Trolley Car Diner is family and group friendly, but also serves a wide variety (and by wide I mean 130+) of beers, wines and cocktails. It's a local favorite, so be aware there may be a bit of a wait before you are seated.I went to the Trolley Car one Sunday for their brunch offering. It was pretty cool that the diner is actually in the shape of a car. The buffet was nothing special. But, since I have heard raves about this Diner, I suppose I should go back for any non-buffet fare.Good service, great breakfast food (all day!!!) and free wifi. The grilled cinnamon roll is my current favorite. I am ready to go back and try the Asian donuts-can't wait!I have coming here since it opened.the breakfast is best in town and the management and staff are always friendly,and don't forget the beer selection which is amazingThis place is alright the food is good but not enough spend to $13 for a regular breakfast experience this is not chestnuthill plus the service was awful leaving food there when I'm obviously doneI came here because it was close to home . I had the cream chip beef with  home fries it was horrible and not worth the money 9.95. The home fries were burnt and the cream was separating. The workers children were running around and screaming while people were eating. I felt like i was at a playground.  I will definitely not recommend or be back.I really can't think of anything bad to say about the food at this place. It's fresh food made to order and it's obvious that the chefs take pride in what they serve to the customers. 
We did however notice that they are not the cleanest restaurant in town and there standards of cleanliness are pretty low. 
It was a bit dingy, and outdated and it was obvious that certain things had not been wiped down in a LONG time. 
Food- 5stars*****
Service- 4stars ****
Cleanliness- 3stars ***
Overall experience: 4stars****I've been here numerous times since moving to the area and it's always a pleasant experience. I have to admit that I haven't tried most of the menu items, because it's hard to resist getting my old favorites (hash and eggs or eggs benedict = A++)... But everyone I bring here always enjoys their food. The servers manage to be attentive without hovering, which I appreciate because I've felt rushed at other diners. They do get very crowded on weekend mornings and afternoons, which can result in long waits for a table, but the staff do a good job of accommodating the crowds.I ate at the restaurant when it first opened years ago.  It was what it was, a diner -Mediocre food and okay service.  I hadn't been there in 10 or more years, and had the occasion to return on this morning.  This is the dirtiest eatery I have every seen.  Roaches and mice infestation, are obvious.  The waitress showed my husband and I to a booth in the far back, right before the kitchen exit.  On the floor was a scrambled eggs smashed into the dirty flooring.  How do you show a customer to seating where they must step through food garbage on the floor?  She immediately stated that she would get that up, as she noted me staring at it.  My husband and I was forced to chose to sit on the same side of the booth, as there was jelly smeared on the bench seating on the other side.  I guess it is normal for customers to sit on one side of the table, as no one inquired why we did so. The remainder of the floor under the table had multiple pieces of silverware and crusts of toasted bread.  The menu had "crayon" scribble throughout, and the laminated card on the table with drinks had food splashed and smeared all over it.  There was food on the walls, and in the folds of the metal workings of the walls and the bench seating.  The holder for the jellies had only orange and apple jellies on one side with the other side minus, the grape and strawberry jellies, but plenty of old straw wrappers from previous customers.  Oh!  I would be admiss if failed to mention the disgusting red plastic cups they expect one to drink from. They have some sort of residue on the outer rim, which was easily wiped away with a napkin.  Again, disgusting.  I will never, I REPEAT, never eat from this "TRASH CAN" ever again.  I found myself looking around like why are these people here?  Why are they eating this garbage?  Why are they paying good money for this garbage.  I failed to eat anything on my plate.  My stomach was turning and flipping.  It was like I could see the salmonella, botulism, and other food borne bacteria everywhere.  Never Again!I had an introduction to Philadelphia style Italian Roast Pork, courtesy of Trolley Car Diner and man oh man, it was good!
Mi esposa had a yummy grilled cheese sandwich and we both had soups. Its nice to have a place close by with a very varied menu as well as a decent beer to go selection. We will be repeat customers for sure.In all the times I've gotten takeout from here I've only had 1 bad experience. Called in after I noticed what was missing from my order, spoke with the manager, who was a doll. She addressed the issue immediately and we ended the conversation on a great note.So one day my brother says to me, he says, "I want comfort food, and lots of it."  Well, to the Trolley Car, and don't spare the horses! The portions here are large no matter what you get - if you come even remotely full, you'll take some home.  I've tried  the crabcake sandwich, the burgers, the ribs, the seafood-mac and cheese, the milkshakes, and ice cream. It's classic diner food with an unpretentious presentation. Large and varied beer selection. My brother smiled over his meatloaf, waxed nostalgic over the old-school trolley out front, and ate until his little belly protruded. Only three stars due to so-so service; friendly but not stellar. Still, for what you get - comfort food and lots of it - it's worth the trip to put a smile on a brother's face.This place has an amazingly wide range of options for a diner. There are burgers, wraps, main entrees, salads, etc. - and even an entire vegetarian section. 
I had a summer veggie roasted sandwich. It was really tasty, but huge. They put a lot of fresh veggies on the sandwich before they roast it, which means that those veggies produce a lot of liquid. That liquid, plus the mayonnaise they also put on the sandwich, made it a pretty soggy dish. I liked it; but by the time I got to the second half, it was too wet to eat. I didn't try the chips that came with the sandwich, but they look homemade.
I also had a chocolate malt. I should say I had at least two chocolate malts, since the servings are massive. One shake could easily serve two people. In fact, the shake comes in two glasses - a full serving in the glass milkshake glass and a full serving in the metal container they use to make the shake. 
If I went back, I would order the shake and another veggie option from their extensive menu. The shake alone is reason for a return visit.Food is delicious.   Service is slow, and I think the food is overpriced.  We got two breakfasts.  Nothing fancy with juice.  It was almost $40 for eggs, grits, and hashbrowns  (all with cheese) and an omelette.  I'm still willing to give the dinner menu a try depending on the price.Update (upgraded to 5 stars): We're really glad we gave this place a second chance last year.  We've been dining here with some regularity now and, so far, the food is still good and service has been fast.  The price is right and the atmosphere is also fantastic (as usual).  It has truly become my favorite diner in Philly.  Keep up the good work, Trolley Car!Always a great choice especially for breakfast or brunch.! This place is a hidden gem in Chestnut Hill. The facade is very unassuming but it has wowed me consistently. The smoke salmon bagel, stuffed French toast, and hot chocolate are some of my favorites. Service is always quick and friendly. For an added bonus check out the bakery treats and the great beer selection on the other side.The best S.O.S. I've ever had!  The service was great, prices very reasonable, and the selection amazing.  I can't wait to go back and order everything on the menu.  I have to admit, I wish I could uproot this place and plop it down where I live in South Philly.After many years of going here, I still love it.  Seems like they did away with their weekend breakfast buffet (on Saturdays, at least).  But its for the best.  The menu items are quite good.  I got the lox and bagel platter - I think they gave me a whole package of nova.  The ingredients were all very fresh, bagel was toasted perfectly, and the plate looked pretty.  My company got the french toast and loved it.  I still haven't hit up the deli or bottle shop yet, but it's a nice feature.  Staff are nice, food comes out quick, plentiful parking, fair prices, good coffee - can't be it.This was in walking distance from the SG's old place before we shacked up together so we went often. I think I was hoping it would be like the Country Club diner of my youth. Not so much.
The coffee is like water. It has no kick or body water so ever. Just water.
The veggie burgers are soft piles of mush. I'm being kind. 
We hve our best luck with dessert- hot chocolate for the kids and pudding or jello with whipped cream. Basic but it works.
The place is hit or miss.For a diner, this place is great!  They attempt some fancier options, but I would suggest sticking to the normal diner fare.....
I live down the road from this place and I have to say, this is one of my favorite haunts.
There can sometimes be a wait on a weekend morning, but its not bad.
I love having weekend breakfast here...everything is always good.  On a recent trip, I did order the potato pancakes with my omelet and was kinda disappointed to find that they were a mini oniony version - more like flat tater tots.  Still tasty, but confusing.
I have been here for breakfast, lunch, and dinner....all great.  The staff is usually wonderful and quick.  They certainly go a bit overboard with the kitschy 50's flair, but its forgivable.  
The diner has a trolley car out front which is also their ice cream stand in the summer time.  They serve Edy's ice cream there, so it is always creamy and delish.  
The diner is a bit more pricey than the diners I grew up in, but I think that is more the Chestnut Hill influence than anything else.
I only wish they were open super late as with traditional diners.
When people ask me where to lunch in my hood I usually take them there for a meal and they are always happy.  When I move in a few months, this is probably going to top my list of things I will miss.Love this place. Everything I've ordered has been great. I appreciate the assortment of non pork breakfast meats on the menu. The creamed chipped beef hits a special comfort food spot and reminds me of my grandmother and her cooking. 
Sometimes there is a bit of a wait during brunch on Sundays but it's totally worth it. If you can't wait, take out is an option too. You can grab a mixed six pack to take with you. Which brings me to the best part, the awesome beer selection of craft bottles and cans.I love breakfast here but that's about it. They do have a great chicken caesar wrap but other than that it's just your standard diner fare. If they get busy on Saturday/Sunday mornings expect to wait a long time for your pancakes! But it's cozy and homey and we've always had good service. I'm looking forward to the ice cream car opening in the spring!Here are my three takeaways concerning my recent dining experience at Trolley Car Diner: Dirty. Filthy. MICE-infested. Eat here at your own risk; you've been warned.Come here for the beer.  Free tastings every few Fridays.  However, the diner food I tried was mediocre.  Wait a minute ... diner food is by definition mediocre.  So, stick with classics, swig it down with beer and you'll be fine!Never eaten here, but I love the take-out beer.  They have a good selection of cold bottles for mix-and-match six packs.  Nice variety of cheap beers, craft beers, local beers, etc.  Changes seasonally.  The manager is nice and offered to check the back room for us once when there was no Troegs Mad Elf in the refrigerator.  They'll also give you a discount if you bring back old six-pack cases to reuse.  Not a lot of parking though, so if it's busy you have to sit around and wait for someone to leave so you can take their spot.The wait was horrible!!!! The waitstaff very casual about the delays from ordering drinks, to being out of soft drinks, juice and alcohol. No explanations offered!!! Just it's busy. I have never been seated at a restaurant for over 20 minutes with the wait staff not coming to check on usQuick service, excellent food! After your meal, make sure to grab dessert at the trolley car outside!I got the philly steak omelet with cheddar, home fries, and toast. It was a big plate for breakfast. The rest my parties ordered breakfast as well, so I can't comment on their lunch / dinner plates. Definitely going to try a lunch plate for next time. Our waitress Alisha was very attentive and very polite. I look forward to making a trip here again!:-/ Disappointing. But first I'll give the positives. Great atmosphere, looks awesome inside and there is a great beer selection in the ice cream shop area. Our waitress was the pits. She got annoyed with my kids because they were not sure what to order. We asked for milkshakes for our kids to come after they eat dinner, they brought them during dinner and one of the glasses were cracked terribly with glass in the milk shake. No one really apologized they just got us a new glass. That sucked. Our main courses were suppose to be served with salad as a starter. I got the salad after I received my main course and that was because I reminded the waitress. She seemed pissed off that I reminded her twice. Meatloaf was ok, milk shake melted and was not really good. I might give them another try. I felt a discount should have been given to us.I'm so not impressed with this place, first time here and not sure about returning, the food was ok at best! Took my son to breakfast and even he said it was ok, eggs were warm, home fries had more half cooked onions than potatoes. Way too overpriced. At least I tried it.I love this diner. I remember Germantown Avenue before the diner existed. I remember the excitement when it was under construction. When it opened, I was far from disappointed. The service here is great, the food is everything you want from a diner - great breakfast dishes with generous portions all day, crispy, delicious fried, tasty shakes and burgers etc. I no longer live in the area, but I make sure to stop by whenever I'm in town.
One unexpected benefit of this diner is their phenomenal selection of craft beer and cider.Great place.  Always clean.  Nice free samples of donuts sometimes.  They also serve LeBus Multigrain bread which is my favorite!This place was not that busy and we waited for over 30 minutes to receive sodas. My son ordered a burger, rare and it looked like a burnt hockey puck. I found a hair in my salad. 
This was the worst diner experience to date. I'm so grossed out. Save your money, skip this place!Oh Trolley Car, why you got to make it so hard to love you? I try to go here every 6 months to a year to see if it has gotten better. In theory, Trolley Car should be my go to place every weekend, but sadly it's not. 
After a longish wait for a table there there's nothing I like better than my server leaving half way through out order to grab something at the pick up window or start another tables order. Then there is always a really long wait for the food, which as evidenced by the painfully dry omelet and the dried skin on the cheese grits (which the cheese was in stealth mode) had been sitting under the heat lamp for a while. Oh, also, it took four trips back and forth with the server to get all our items (drinks ,toast, etc). One last thing, I had to ask repeatededly to have my coffee topped off. I think that about sums it up.
Trolley Car suffers from the Chestnut Hill/Mt. Airy problem, they rely on the locals not wanting to travel, so they deliver bad service. I am so sick of the lame businesses in this area, its just really sad.
I'm giving them on star, because they sell six packs of beer and pretty good beer at that. So from this day on I have given up on Trolley Car working out the kinks and the only go back to grab a six pack.Humongous and tasty sandwiches! That is all I have to say! We will be back! It's nice to not feel like I'm getting ripped off...Trolley Car has definitely gone down hill in the last year. Their food is hit or miss. Often go home feeling like I wished I had stayed at home. Ice cream is still wonderful!I haven't felt compelled to write many reviews before, but because of the rudeness it must be said. The hostess with reddish/brown hair was very rude to my mother-in-law. There was no one at the stand for a couple minutes after arriving and with no where to go because of the crowd, she thought maybe we should write our own names down. When the hostess came back as she finished writing it, she very rudely scolded her instead of nicely asking her not to write on it or apologizing for the wait to put our names in. Our waitress was just as rude and barely checked in on us, leaving us thirsty for most of our visit. With rude employees and so so food, we don't plan on returning ever.This is definitely my favorite diner in Philadelphia. I've been there a number of times and always go with breakfast of some sort, although I've had friends order lunch and dinner food which always looks good. The omelettes are huge and packed full of ingredients ranging from basic breakfast fare (ham, bacon, onion) to the slightly more unusual (crab, roasted red peppers, feta cheese). The potato pancakes are without a double the best breakfast potatoes I've ever tried... flavorful and crispy, yet not drenched in grease. 
I've also taken advantage of the "create your own six pack" offer. There is a row of huge refrigerators in the deli area with everything from local brews to diverse imports. The selection is good and the prices are reasonable. 
The only reason I don't give Trolley Car 5 stars, is the service can be a bit slow. They are always friendly but sometimes you have to hunt down someone to bring you your check, and there is always a wait for a table on the weekends.  Don't stop here if you are in a hurry.Great Craft Beers, Not So Great Hangout!
We found the selection of beer very cool.  They do a great job of stocking wine and beer that are local favorites as well as some interesting unfamiliar labels.  We like to buy our 6-packs from here.  The food is okay, basic diner eggs and sandwiches.
For me the disappointment of Trolley "Diner" happened when I came in for a cup of coffee to read my newspaper on my IPad.  I sat at the bar so not to hold up a large table.  The menu very proudly states "Free Internet" and "Serving La Colombe Coffee" (which is the best coffee beans ever!).  When I sat at the bar I learned that the internet signal is only available in the back of the facility.  Meaning, I can only use the free wifi at a large booth (for four) located near the restrooms.  This is what my server explained to me. This makes no sense to me, I was not willing to use my remaining data at the counter bar.  The coffee was also very disappointing.  Watery, so I believe the Trolley is using less grounds as a savings.  La Colombe is a full body brew, very smooth.  No Sugar in the Raw available at this diner.  Another note: the servers yell playfully across the restaurant.  I feel that it is fine in a sports bar, but at 9am in the morning it can be a bit disruptive if you are trying to talk to the person next to you.I keep trying this place expecting more but am always disappointed. Food is average.  Service average to poor. The place could use a good cleaning-- dirty in some places and the dishrags they used smelled awful. Dishes were dirty at times too. Overall, big disappointment multiple times.Terrible establishment and I will never patronize this place again EVER. Our sons daycare did an amazing job coordinating a field trip centered around transportation. What a fun way to cap off the month, right? Absolutely not! Even though the school called orders in advance we still waited forever for service. The wait staff was poorly organized and rude. We still tried to be troopers for the children. When the check came the daycare staff realized they were charged incorrectly. Upon several phone conversations with multiple trolley car staffers we were told that kids would eat half off but when the bill came there was a completely different story. Instead of honoring the mistake made by several of their staffers we were told no one would have said that. 
Trolley car considers themselves a pillar in the community but that is clearly not the case. They argued with staffers and gave horrible service to a daycare simply trying to give 3 and 4 year olds an amazing experience. This place should be ashamed of themselves.  
Only gave them 1 star cause you had to. Otherwise I wouldn't waste the star.We have been coming here for a long time. The food is good and the beer selection is excellent, but it is in desperate need of interior renovation or just a good steam cleaning. I dont think its been renovated since opening about 15 years ago. I dont recommend sitting in the booths. they are tight and kind of flimsy. If someone is sitting behind you you feel their every movement.This place sucks. Service is the worst. The staff is rude. It's overpriced. It takes about 30 minutes to get fries and a milkshake so don't go here unless you wanna buy mediocre overpriced meal that takes 3 years to get.If you have a sign that says Hostess Will Seat You - it helps to have a hostess there to seat, or at least greet you. We finally gave up and left.Greeted by rude staff at the entrance. Old beat up interior that needs repair immediately. Not high expectations for a diner but food tasted old served in dishes still wet from dishwasher. Finally it's way overpriced. $15 for bagel with cream cheese with nova... you can get that for $8 at Manhattan Bagel and it will be much better quality.Really good food, had French toast and omelette with chicken sausage, spinach, and mushrooms. Everything was delicious. One draw back was the service; not bad but could be better. Won't highly recommendDumb good food, great atmosphere, and embodies both Chestnut Hill and Mount Airy perfectly.
Delicious food here, I love the fries like they're laced with dope! SO GOOD! They're like thick breaded steak fries. Yum!
Pancakes are popping here too. Normally just come for fries and endless coffee.
ABSOLUTELY adore the workers/employees and the owner himself - a kind man who does his best to serve the entire community.
Always give em your business guys.I'm ranking it higher now for the beer selection and the fact that they do tastings and other events. I have become a huge craft beer person so I love to come in here and see what they offer in the freezer.
Also a big fan of Trolley Car Cafe in East Falls..great, homey little place for breakfast/brunch right on the river. It's so nice to hang out there when the weather is good.Food is always fantastic, sometimes a little busy on weekends but worth the wait!! Breakfasts delicious, staff friendly, a neighborhood staple! Oh, and they sell beer.  Why go anywhere else?We have come here for breakfast many times.There's always a 20 minute wait. Yesterday will probably be our last visit. We were initially seated next to an open utility room with mops, buckets ,etc. We moved to a larger table in the back of the restaurant. The server was friendly and polite. After placing our order we waited about 40 minutes for our lukewarm, mediocre meals. Not a satisfying experience.Great neighborhood spot. We've been regulars since the Diner opened, for solid breakfast and creative dinner options. Fave menu item: pecan encrusted chicken over greens. My son would say the burgers & chocolate shake.This is no 5 star restaurant, but for a diner, it is among one of the better ones. Food is above average and the atmosphere is bright and clean. Service is good, but sometimes a little slow. Staff seems kind of young. Nothing else all that special. It's a diner.Salad had a layer of water at bottom. Croutons were soft. Nasty. The chicken was microwaved and became inedible as they cooled off. The chicken Caesar salad made my all time worst ever list. Had the mash potato croquettes that are a serious failure. The gravy was nasty. The croquette was bland. I really wanted to like this place but I can't imagine they make anything decent other than breakfast.Alors la ! On touche au mythe !! Un vritable Diner amricain comme on peut se l'imaginer d'aprs les films et les sries US. Ce Diner n'est pas n'importe quel Diner ! Il a remport de nombreux prix dont celui de Best Philly 2009. Ce n'est pas un trois toiles, mais la nourriture qu'on y trouve et les banquette rouges sont parfaitement en adquation avec l'image qu'on peut s'en faire ! Entrez dans la lgende !We just discovered this Philadelphia gem this evening. Worth your business for numerous reasons:
- Quality Food. It was exciting to explore the menu. The fries are legit. Salad was fresh and tasty. French Onion Soup- fulfilling and delicious. I was biting the dried cheese off of the bowl, it was so good. The soup was a bit salty for my taste, but it was a minor distraction from an overall great dish. Looking forward to tasting more dishes and trying the desert menu
- Beautiful decor. Vintage dining car motif, photos of what was the best of 50s pop culture: James Dean, Elizabeth Taylor, Audrey Hepburn, Paul Newman, Jackie Robinson. The dessert menu has shakes named after some of these icons. Very comfortable seats and perfect lighting.
- GREAT music. Frank Sinatra, Whitney Houston Bobby Darrin, Sam Cooke. Soulful, upbeat, fun, the sound of Philadelphia music.
- Really genial staff. Everyone on the staff that we encountered was friendly. They went above and beyond to make sure we were happy. One employee even had her two beautiful children at the restaurant, so the place is obviously family friendly. We sat by the register and the woman asked everyone who was leaving how their dining experience was.
- Huge portion sizes. My wife and I were both stuffed after eating, and we both had full lunches to take the next day for work. They also put the leftovers in biodegradable containers, which was an appreciated sustainable gesture.
-Responsible ownership. We read that the owner is leading the drive for local business to pay their employees a living wage. It felt really good to support a local business that treats its employees like they are the lifeblood of the business.
-Inclusivity- one of the most diverse diners I've ever been in, from the clientele to employees, to the music selection. A welcoming place to be, and a wonderful experience!
Needless to say, we are looking forward to going back!!A typical diner with typical food but with prices to rival a proper restaurant.  $15 cheese burgers and $10 appetizers reign supreme even if they're no better than any other diner you'll visit.
Food is just what you'd expect from a diner but the prices are a gigantic turn off and keep me going to other local options for everything but their bottle shop and ice cream shop.Spinach and feta omelette 5 /5 stars *****
French fries 6/5 stars ******
Orange juice 4.5 /5
Overall service 5/5 
Ambiance 3/5- carpets need to change. Place looks a, little run down, raxine covers on seating need replacement. Needs a little tlc. But hey.. Good food trumps thatOne of my all-time faves. Must say that a lot of it has to do with the decor. The menu is one of those trendy versions of the classic diner, which I have to say is not how I like it....you throwback the decor, but yuppie the menu? I know it's a recipe for money, but I fetish vintage as much as I fetish diners, so I get a little turned off. Even so, I have definitely had my share of colorful memories, yummy gastro experiences, juicy conversations, Sex-And-The-City brunches (Philly style), not to mention hungover cawfee talk at this classic spot.
Sometimes the service is whack and they always seem to seat us next to the table where the crying children are though....
Since I'm a diner queen I tend to order geniatric type plates that would normally be seen on the "blue plate special" so I've had plates like their version of a Thanksgiving dinner, etc. Since it's yuppie/hipstered out, there's a full bar and plenty of creative alcoholic bevs available including a huge beer list. So that's cool...but I'm usually here early in the day, so I mostly go for mimosa type things.
Last but not least, Trolley Car is known for it's quality selection of ice cream. During the day they open the vintage Trolley car that's sits in the front of the lot as the diner motto... it's an icecream parlor....sooo quaint. I will admit, that real trolley car presence is part of the appeal for me, as diehard foodie as I try to be.I love coming to the Trolley Diner whether it be alone, friends or/and family. It's a nice atmosphere. The service is great. I don't have to wait a long time to receive my food and it always comes out delicious.The food at this place is amazing. Honestly, anyone leaving a negative review is a ridiculous human being. I would come back just for the potato pancakes.This review is for their Take Out...
Tonite I ordered 2 liver and onions and an Angus burger with fries. It was at my door in about 30 minutes. Liver & onions and a burger in 30 minutes???
Well...liver - they forgot the burger. But they should have forgot the liver too. The cook deep fried the liver - who deep fries liver?! It look like a dog chew & had no flavor and cold - that's who's getting it- my dogs. I noticed that the burger wasn't there before I could call them - the restaurant/ Caviar (taking advantage of Uber Eats being down) whoever it was- called.
They told me they forgot the burger - NO KIDDING...
Would Iike a new burger...DUH!!! What were they going to send the old cold one...YES. 
This time it look forever to come. You would have thought they were cooking an entire meal. 
Look- avoid the trouble and disappointment- don't order Trolley Car diner take-out and don't use the "Caviar" to order your food. Both were very disappointing and I won't ever do it again!The food here looks dreadful and lacks in flavor. Unfortunately, I did not like this place nor the service. Also this place is kinda dirty. Won't be back here again.A true Mt. Airy institution. Updating my original review from May 2015, Trolley Car has kept their 5 stars without question. I stop in almost exclusively for lunch, but for my one dinner-time visit, I brought visiting friends from the UK, and they loved the place (nothing like it in Merrie Olde England, I guess). And why not? It's a very vegetarian-friendly menu, they do great hoagie/sandwiches/grinders, and one thing I've discovered is that you can ask them to make their hoagie on their whole wheat bread or whole grain bread - they seem to have no problem with that substitution, although you wouldn't think it from the menu. For my most recent visit, I discovered the Veggie Reuben, which I'm not sure has much to do with the original Reuben other than Rye bread and Russian dressing. It is one of those items that is as delicious as it is messy to eat, and oh my is it messy. There is so much to explore on this menu! The Philly Cheese Steak omelette - can you imagine?! - was huge, perfect for the starving teenage carnivore. Their homemade potato chips are definitely worth checking out - they come with the sandwiches - although I find them almost too filling along with a good-sized sandwich. Their milkshakes deserve serious respect. For a diner, coffee is generally very good. Table and counter service has always been friendly, attentive, and dependable.The service at this place is always awful.  I always say I'll never go back, and  you shouldn't.I was here on a Saturday morning around 9:30. It was in the thirties outside, and, horribly unfortunate, it is was probably only about 45 inside this place.
I ordered a waffle and home fries while my friend ordered eggs Benedict. To say the food was average would be a stretch. There was no taste whatsoever to the home fries. And the waffle was insanely dry. 
The only plus I could give would be the service. Our waitress was nice enough and explained whatever questions we had over the food. 
Overall, I would recommend going elsewhere.Ordered BLT the tomatoes tasted like they were rotten and the serviced sucked the food was slowAlways crowded. Spotty service. Avg food. You can do better for brunch in Chestnut Hill, Mt.Airy. Germantown imo. Not bad. Not great. Great beer list.This is a pretty solid place for brunch; the breakfast rush seems to taper off by 10:00 or thereabouts, and when I walked in at 10:30, my aunt and I were seated promptly.  The food is pretty standard diner fare, but cooked well and overall quite enjoyable.  The stuffed French toast is something I've since replicated several times cooking on my own, because it's just that good.  Definitely my recommendation for this place, if you're headed there.
My only real complaint is that it took some doing to find the bathroom, but a waitress eventually pointed me in the right direction, and the location is rather obvious in hindsight.
Overall, it's a good place to eat once the crowds die down, and a few local specialties put a shine on the menu, but I'm not sure I'd be willing to brave the crowds to actually get breakfast here, especially on a weekend.  I'm torn between a 3 and a 4, but I suppose I'll give them the benefit of the doubt.  After all, the baked goods looked very good, but I unfortunately left without succumbing to temptation.I just would like to give an update. The manager of the restaurant reached out to me and gave a gift card. I have not been been able to use it because I traveled out of the country. I am looking forward to the new menu. 5 stars for effort!This place is my go to for mixed six packs. They have a fantastic selection of bottled beers and I have had the pleasure of sampling from at least a 1/4 of them. Soon it will be 1/2, I am determined! My favorite thing about this place is that they have Ommegang Hennepin and WITTE ( both of which I fell in love with at a Yelp Elite event) and UFO Hefeweizen, one of my favorite beers of all time. I really like their selection of wheat beers and that they also have a large selection of PA beers. I usually get a solid 6 pack for $14 or so bucks. Totally worth it, every time. Considering that these beers retail for $4-6 bucks in bars, getting a mixed six pack to enjoy for at least half that price keeps me coming back.
I haven't had their food here in forever. When I did enjoy it, a few years ago, it was solid diner food. Nothing to call  back home about, but not terrible. I used to take my siblings here for after church brunch and they enjoyed it. Maybe I'll take them back again at some point, but for now, beer me please.Sit in the old part if you can. Above average diner-style food with very many vegetarian options.
I had a blackened chicken club (A-) and my guest, who has no self control around omelettes, berries, and a couple of other things, ordered a mushroom, cheddar, and tomato omelette, which was very good (A).
Also, I think they make their own potato chips - which are very good. we went during slow hours and had a shake, which was two and a half servings (they set the metal can on our table).
This place has definitely improved over the last time I went, a very busy weekend day two years ago.
Recommended!This place has become a tradition for us when friends are in town and we want to venture out for brunch. Yes, there will be a wait to be seated but it's ABSOLUTELY worth it!!! the food is delicious, the selection is perfect and amazing and the dessert menu us equally wonderful! the space is cozy and perfect for a group or just a meal for 2!Good food all around.  We come here often; breakfast foods are a favorite, but the wings are really good and they have a massive selection of beer to choose from.  We try to come down here at least once a week; we live about an hour away, so it's not right around the corner, but the food is worth it.Classic American diner food you can always count on! Plus they have over 400 beers!  I love this place because they make consistently awesome eggs, burgers, salads and my personal favorite their homemade chicken croquettes!  YUM!Overall the Trolley Car experience is enjoyable dispute frequent but minor hiccups. We first found the diner as a spot for breakfast and were blown away by two of the best omelets we've ever had. It was cooked perfectly with delicious ingredients inside. The side of potato pancakes pushed the breakfast to the next level. Since then we have returned frequently over the years.
Positives for the place begin with the breakfast menu. Everything is exceptional particularly the omelets. Another favorite has been the savory pancakes with sausage and bacon cooked inside the pancakes. Moving on to lunch and dinner I would recommend the chili dog. A simple but perfectly cooked hotdog topped with homemade chili (or at least I assume homemade chili) with a side of chips. Its dirt cheap, surprisingly filling, and delicious. And although the beer can be pricy, Trolley Car features a very large selection from across the country. Another positive is the various events they host. Beer tastings once a month are my favorite but also included are films in their parking lot during the summer, and other events throughout the year.
As far as negatives, most have been the service and wait times in general. One particular server who works on weekend mornings is one of the worst I've seen. A few others were servers that had just started and its hard to tell if its an issue of management, training, or just them learning they may not be cut out for waiting tables.  It's roughly a fifty/fifty split on our experiences but I think the servers may be stretched a little thin covering sections larger than they should be expected to handle. Coming for breakfast on the weekend, particularly in the late morning, is often a very long wait for just the table. From my experience this is less a factor of poor or slow service but customers who will spend an incredibly long amount of time at their table after finishing. It's not Trolley Car's fault or something they can reasonably correct, but its a reality of the experience.I went here for a breakfast date  Can I just say, I am in love with the Mt. Airy/Chestnut Hill part of Philadelphia? It is so beautiful. You don't feel like you're in the city at all.
We had to wait about 20 minutes for a table--I'm not ocmplaining because it was a Sunday, and we got there a little more towards lunch than breakfast. I ordered the three eggs, which came with hash browns and was a good deal. The food was delicious. My date had a huge stack of chocolate chip pancakes--he complained that they were a little dry. He kept having to smother them in syrup.  The coffee was good. 
I wouldn't mind coming back to try some of the bazillion beers they seem to offer..you can actually peruse all the beer selections in their giant beer fridge.  I moved to Philly from Baltimore, and I thought Baltimore was a beer town, but Philadelphia seems to have Baltimore beat. People love their IPAs here, and there is no shortage of places to try all kinds of exotic beer. I noticed that this place even has a really delicious banana bread flavored beer I'd tried once at a restaurant in Canton, in Baltimore.
I saw an article online about some union dispute with this place. I'd have to read more about it, but it's somewhat concerning. Assuming I'm not contributing to people getting paid dirt wages or otherwise stepping on the working class man's toes by eating here, I would definitely go back and maybe try dinner or a late lunch, with a cold IPA :)Went for dinner around 5pm on Tuesday... note to self: only go for breakfast!. Service was bad. waitress took her time getting our orders. The cheeseburger was good/fresh but the fries were like little grease balls! yuck! but the apple pie a la mode is still up to par....The people working here are so rude and inconsiderate especially the hostesses and manger. Waited over an hour for our group and they then sat our group separately.Well, my last visit was a huge disappointment.  Stopped in on my lunch hour and took a seat at the counter, instead of waiting for a table, since there was a wait and I had to return to work.  Almost 10 min went by and nobody greeted us.  There were only about 3 other people at the counter.  Waitress didn't even bring a menu or apologize for being "busy" or say, "be with you in a minute"...not even acknowledge we existed.  No manager in sight.  Hostess and every server I saw looked miserable and disinterested in working their job.  I'm done with this place. Fu$k it.
Understaffed. Hostess was hostessing, cashiering and leaving hostess area unattended (prob not her fault).  This place just seems unhappy, despite being crowded somehow.  
Went up the road to another busy place I frequent and got served immediately, friendly and quickly at the bar.  So long trolley car.  No excuse not being staffed adequately on the day after a holiday.We normally go to the Trolley Car CAFE for breakfast, but traffic was being diverted last Sunday due to some kind of marathon. We decided to try the DINER instead.  
The menu has tons of stuff on it, and it all sounded good. basically, it's everything the CAFE offers, and a whole lot more. Finally, I decided on the crab omelette, potatos and pancakes.  I enjoyed my meal, but my bf thought it was just OK.  He had the Eggs Benedict. The pancakes were absolutely TERRIBLE... really gritty and dry.  
We both agreed that although the diner's interior has CLEARLY seen better days, it was cozy.  Our waitress was nice, so overall, I enjoyed the experience and would return.My daughter and I love the trolley car!  The food and service are both fantastic!   The sense of community is wonderful and we are always running in to friends we know here!   The nostalgia is cool too.  Thanks Trolley Car!! We will be back!!!They have a surprisingly excellent beer selection, and the only thing that keeps me away from the adult milkshakes is lactose intolerance. Good food and friendly service makes this longtime neighborhood fixture well worth a visit. Bring your appetite!Nice neighborhood diner.  Extensive menu and good breakfast.  Got to try the potato chips during lunch, they are homemade!  Excellent and addictive!
Service is good, too.  Also, coffee is excellent.First time visiting this place, the hostess was very nice and seated us . It wasn't crowded for the time of morning , upon being seated we noticed a roach and quietly alerted an employee whom took care of the issue fast , but It wasn't a good look for first impression. How ever the server was pleasant and the food arrived as requested  fast . Overall besides that 1 issue the food was good , my fianc and I do plan on returning againThis is one of the best diners I've been to. I got the hamburger, which was cooked medium rare, tasted amazing, and was on a delicious bun. The fries had a lot of breading on them, which made them very good. The homemade potato chips were delicious. The portions are large, but not huge. The service was very quick, and the waitress was very nice. I would highly recommend this to anyone in the area. Also, the trolley car is a real 1940s PCC trolley that previously ran for SEPTA, and serves ice cream, but not during the colder months. The inside was very clean, and the decorations were very nice. The diner was very busy, and there was a short wait. They don't have coke, just Pepsi, but that wasn't a problem for me. Overall, this is a great diner, and highly recommended.Awesome diner! The food is great and the beer selection is on point! Their savory pancakes are to recommend, as well as their breakfast sandwiches.This diner is very unique as it is a traditional diner and has a great beer selection in the back. 450 brews options! Stopped here on the morning of Labor Day and it was jammed packed as to be expected. Order 2 eggs sunny side up, grits, wheat toast and a side of scrapple. My girlfriend ordered a breakfast burrito and that decent as well. 
I also created my own 6 pack before we left and got some good brews! The variety of beer was excellent and they have the beer separated by region and they also sell big bottles too. I will be definitely coming back in the near future.Went for breakfast. While waiting for a table, I could see roaches crawling behind the bead board on the wall. Really gross.We go to the Trolly Car Diner almost once a week for brunch. It can be very busy on weekend mornings but if you are a party of 1 or 2 there is almost always space at the counter.
Their food is great - especially their breakfast items. (I have not tried many lunch or dinner items). Do not miss the homemade potato chips. The best thing about the Trolly Car is their "make your own 6 pack" beer special. They have an amazing variety of beer that you can mix and match to create your own 6 pack. They get beer from local and national craft breweries, as well as your more typical beers (Corona, Yuengling, etc.)
The Trolly Car is a necessary part of Mt. Airy - I really cant think of a diner in the area that is even close to being on par with the Trolly Car. And the beer selection makes it that much sweeter.I am a long time Mt. Airy, Philadelphia resident so I am no stranger to the TCD. But I must admit I've been a little disappointed in slow service, cleanliness issues and other issues that just weren't indicative of the TCD experience and ownership. I wondered if it was a management issue and lack of staff training, especially because it seemed the more experienced wait staff had been replaced. 
But ... I returned for breakfast on Monday and I am ecstatic to report the TCD that I know and have loved over the years is baaaack. I was seated immediately by a friendly gentleman and introduced to a friendly waitress. She took my drink order and was back within a minute with my coffee etc. Then she took my order efficiently and literally within 5 minutes I had hot delicious eggs, grits and their new chicken sausage! I also used the free Internet access to get a bit of work done while I had another cup of coffee. The area was clean, the atmosphere just like a neighborhood diner you'd expect.
And when I went to pay I used my Trolley Car discount card. And the person at the register said I got $5 off of my bill!!! 
So, I'm not sure what happened last year but it must be a thing of the past. Trolley Car Diner is back! Can't wait to visit their new cafe. 
Signed,
An Old Fan, A New Fan
PLEASE keep up the great work.Great atmosphere! Beer selection is excellent, and we love the build your own 6-pack take-out options! Ice cream truck in the warmer months is a lovely treat. They recently started semiannual beer sampling events - this is one of our favorite neighborhood events!! 4 stars because menu items can be hit or miss, depending on personal tastes.There's something going on in Philadelphia. Diner owners are becoming more concerened with opening more and more locations, without concerning themselves with the quality of their food or the caliber of their employees. Not here.
The true concept of the happy place diner still exists. Those big places decorated with cheap wood accents and 500 seats can keep their fakeness. This place keeps it real and does it right.
Not too big, but the food here is awesome. No matter what you order, it's good. Not great, but good. Like not the best in the world, but really good. My friend and I recently ate here and we can't stop talking about when we're going to return. How have I never eaten here before??? I had a burger and she had breakfast, a cheese omelet. We got a couple desserts, a milkshake for me and water for her. She's so healthy.
The service was excellent. Not overbearing but very attentive.
This was a true diner experience like I remember as a kid. Not one of those soulless super diners. You know the ones, Tiffany, Four Seasons, South St., Michael's, and the list goes on and on. Maybe they shouldn't call themselves diners. This place should.
I have a new favorite diner. Keep up the great work.I've been a big fan of TCD for years now -- when things go right, the food is diner food but less greasy and with a lot of integrity.  I mean, it's a DINER -- one shouldn't compare it to the food and decor of Haute Cuisine, one would compare it to other DINERS -- and it that respect, it's always been awesome.  The menu is large and includes diner favorites from multiple regions of the country, prepared well and served in a timely manner. 
However, my most recent experience was really lacking.
Our family of five VERY RARELY goes to dinner together, but we decided to splurge on a special treat and go for pancakes early on a Saturday evening.  It wasn't busy by TCD standards, typically there's a wait to be seated -- but we were seated immediately and about 1/3rd of the tables were empty.  We ordered our pancakes and proceeded to wait.  It seemed like our food took forever to come out, I thought the waitress had forgotten about us.
Finally our food arrived -- and easily 90% of each of the 5 meals we ordered had been sitting under a heat lamp for a while.  The tops of the pancakes were hard and dry, the sausage links were shriveled and dry.   However, as my husband and I were hungry and the kids don't notice these things, we dug in anyway.  I figured I'd mention it when the waitress came to check on us the way waitstaff typically does around bite number 2 or 3.  Except she didn't come back at bite 2 or 3.  In fact, she didn't come back until we were basically done.  When I mentioned that things seemed to have been sitting under a lamp for a prolonged period of time, she seemed supremely unconcerned, mumbled a denial, and said that she'd ask the manager about it.
We didn't see her again until she brought the check, and my concerns were not referenced again.  However, there was a code to give feedback on the receipt, so I figured I'd just mention my concerns there.
Except when I went home and put in the code to review our experience, the page stated that the code was invalid.  I got my husband to try as well, and he got the same result.  We wondered if she'd purposefully supplied us with an invalid code, and then wondered if we were being paranoid.
In conclusion:
- majority of food hardened & dried out by heat lamp, plus
- an absent waitress who obviously doesn't care when concerns are pointed out, plus
- patrons who are left with a vague paranoid feeling
equals Not Good Experience.Good food- I especially like their chips, which accompany most of their sandwiches.  The true gem here is the beer selection, which you can mix and match 6 packs or drink in-house. Shoutout to Julian for hooking us up with the freshest new ice cream flavors!
Update: I docked a star because some of the dishes feel incomplete. For example, some of the  panini's could use some sauce because they are dry.Really nice spot. Good vegetarian selection for a diner, and great beer choices. Always friendly serviceLet me state up front, that diners are not my favorite places to dine.  My husband, on the other hand, loves them.  We found ourselves in Mt. Airy/Chestnut Hill, were hungry, saw the Trolley Car Diner, and decided to stop for lunch.  The place is quite large...two rooms plus a third room in which there are 450 (!) different kinds of beer displayed.  In that room also is an ice cream parlor where donuts, baked fresh each day, are served.  The aroma was wonderful!  
We were greeted warmly by the hostess, again greeted warmly by our waitress, and also by the friendly man sitting in the booth in front of us.  
The menu is enormous!  Even someone like me who prefers cafes & bistros would have a hard time not finding something to whet the appetite.  My husband settled on a (huge) plate of black bean chili, which he loved, that was accompanied by house-made corn bread, while I had a tuna melt on whole grain toast.  Excellent, but there was no way I could finish it.  The remainder of the black bean chili went home with us.  
There's a real trolley car outside of the diner and in summer it's open for ice cream (milk shakes, floats, etc.), hot dogs, burgers, etc. that can be eaten at picnic tables.  All food served inside also is available to go.
Would we go back?  I'll never give up my preference for more bistro-like spots, but I'd certainly return to The Trolley Car Diner, perhaps next time for breakfast.I used to come to Trolley Car all the time when I lived in Mt. Airy, but now that I moved out of the neighborhood, I don't visit as often. I visited two weekends ago with some friends and was pleased that the menu has grown to a greater selection. I tried out the donuts, which were nice and toasty and I was able to satisfy my craving for good pancakes. 
As always, the diner had a great community atmosphere and we had great service. Trolley Car is still a great and important neighborhood institution.I had high hopes for the Trolley Car Diner.   After our meal I left feeling a little let down.  
While there was nothing wrong with any one part of our visit there was nothing that really stood out to earn a 4th or 5th star from me.  I ordered the fish and grits (catfish).  It was very well done, possibly overcooked, and there was so much garlic powder on it that I couldn't taste any other flavors.  The grits were an A+. 
Other people I was eating with got the Chicken Salad Sandwich which was very good.  The homemade chips that came with were tasty but also doused in garlic powder.  Another person ordered homemade corned beef hash which was reported to be an A+. 
Our server was very nice and all in all, the service was good. 
I would definitely return.  Although, I would probably not get the catfish again.Decent place to grab breakfast.  It is very kid-friendly but the service can be a little spotty.
I was not a fan of their Roasted Vegetable Grinder, not enough flavor and not well-cooked.  We have definitely had better luck with their breakfast.I'm a local, I want to love them, but Trolley Car is the pits. Mediocre food, wildly overpriced. Just got back from sitting there 20 minutes, seated and waiting for service, half empty, none to be had. Never again.Love the trolley car but it is always ridiculously crowded on weekends. My kids like it here to but hate having to wait for a table and then wait for food- pretty good food, great take-out beer selectionI've been back 2-3 times since then, and every time I've been disappointed.  My brother came up from MD to take my mom and I to lunch and our waitress just did NOT convey welcome.  My mom raised us to be thankful and friendly when someone is waiting on you, and no matter how we tried to make her smile or convey appreciation, she just looked pained.  
They are obviously investing money in the place, but I feel like they need to slow down on the expansions and focus more on fresh food and happy staff.I use to love the Trolley Car Diner, but watch your receipts people, they are charging you for everything now...one of the reasons we never hesitated to go there was the food quality, cleanliness and pricing....but those days are long gone!!!!  Staff use to be more attentive, now in all fairness there still are a few good people there.....But overall, not worth the money any more.....Shame, when they first opened we would dine there at least once a week as a family....but now....smh they are a last resort.i've been here many times, i'd have to say they are OK, but just a tiny smidgen below IHOP. and i like IHOP so i'm biased LOL, but really, this is an OK substitute if you're looking for a change of scene.I really like this place.  Since I've been having a hard time finding really good and not super expensive food in G-town and Mt. Airy (without traveling to Chestnut Hill)  I was so happy to eat here.  They have really great mostly seasonal offerings (plus some standard diner fare), a pretty great beer selection, and a huge back room if for some reason you need that for something.
I was off put by a few things:
-The price--but only a little bit.  I had originally walked in thinking this was a normal diner, but alas I was gladly wrong.  
-I was confused by the "salad bar" that was included in our meal: a bowl of lettuce and 3 dressings to choose from...oh! and croutons.
-and our poor waitress was really young and obviously had just started so she kept forgetting things (i.e. my boyfriend's side dishes).
The food was really good though, and I had soft shell crabs which can be disastrous when done badly.  It was served with a really yummy dipping sauce trio and a mango chutney.  They had a half fried chicken (yes, half a bird) that my boyfriend ordered, and though it was good, I wasn't blown away.  It had crazy sauces, too, which definitely made the dish.
Plus, as Susan L. mentioned, you get to eat in an old school trolley car diner and you can get ice cream from a trolley car in the parking lot.The pancakes here are bad. You would think a diner would know better.Just went here for a quick dinner with my wife. While the food was fine, the service was terrible. They seemed really short-staffed, which we were willing to overlook as it was a Saturday evening. 
However, we decided to finish our meal with a milkshake. My wife is 5 months pregnant. When our milkshakes arrived they both tasted strongly of alcohol. When we asked the server, she blew us off with a quick "No, they're fine," despite our indication that it was important that they be alcohol-free for obvious reasons, and did not offer to remake them. We were put off, so we closed our tab without drinking anymore. For comparison, we went outside to try the trolley car for milkshakes. We ordered the exact same chocolate shake, and this one tasted perfectly fine. 
I'm very disappointed both in the mistake that was made by staff and the fact that no one could take a moment to try to make things right. We will NOT be going back.The place seems dingy service was terrible and rude
My eggs were overcooked and cold the sausage was deep fried nasty Trust me never setting foot in there again going to Bruno's next timeAwesome takeout beer selection for a diner or a deli.We just had breakfast at Trolley Car. We were seated and waited for 10 minutes for the waitress to take our coffee order. Breakfast then did come out very quickly. Unfortunately my home fries were ice cold and tasteless. My husband did not get his English Muffin he ordered and the waitress never returned for follow up. We had to flag down another waitress to resolve our meal issues and she was very professional and accommodate  us immediately. The only bright spot were the excellent potato pancakes and the coffee. We will not be back anytime soon.  
We always like to keep our business local but this experience makes it difficult to do so at least for this particular establishmentThis is a great breakfast spot! We love to come here to refuel after a run. The service is great too. Friendly staff.We've lived in Chestnut Hill for 2 years and coming to the TCD has been a weekend favorite. From the free donut samples when you walk in to the friendly staff, they never disappoint. Some favorite dishes are the eggplant grinder and Buffalo shrimp. And the fact that you can get an "adult" style milk shake to wash it down makes it that much more delicious! Great selection of beer with frequent events. This gem of a place is a must!I lived next to this place for about three years but only start visiting this year. 
I am a sucker for their shrimp omelet (I always add meat sausage to mine though).  Perfect meal in the AM after coming an overnight shift and looking forward to my bed.
I have tried the crabmeat/lobster meat(?) omelet as well but I think the shrimp wins.
The portions are huge for me so I always have  more to eat the next day which is a plus.
This week, I ventured out and had the stuffed french toast that I've been drooling over for a while now. Not the presentation I expected but I enjoyed it nonetheless. Got it with a side of eggs. Went down lovely. Tasted delicious even day after.
Service has always been wondering and I hope it stays that way (nothing upsets me more than rude customer service). 
I haven't tried lunch/dinner menu. The adult milkshake options look enticing though. 
You can also get a reward card if you visit here often.Ate breakfast at the trolley car today, and it was the worst experience I have ever had at a restaurant. As a server in a restaurant, I am very understanding when a rush comes in and things get busy, but today was something else. Our "server" if you can call her that, did not greet us at all, and demanded we order our food. 10 minutes later and no drink orders taken, a host came over and got our drink orders, which came out wrong and we never did get our complete order. After waiting 30 minutes for our food to come out, the bread was dropped on the table and the waitress picked it up with her hand, and put it on top of the other piece, ew! She then proceeded to give attitude when asking for a new one, and she also never introduced herself for us to even mention her name! I guess because we are younger group, the trolley car felt that we could we looked over, and boy were they wrong.We arrived on a Wednesday night the hostess took forever to seat us, the waitress took forever to greet us. We ordered a couple craft beers and food. Unfortunately while waiting for our order we saw numerous mice running around. We immediately got up and told them we won't be eating there. The waitress didn't seemed surprised. The mice were very comfortable. Yuck!Fast service at the counter. Good food with the usual diner menu. Love the all day breakfast menu. Hugh takeout beer selection that you can mix & match your own 6 packs. Delicious milkshakes & malts.
Drop in todayWe go out of our way to dine here.  The food is consistently good and the servers are always friendly and helpful.  We've been dining here for years.  It's a great place to spend time and has a really warm, friendly feeling to it.Wow. You guys weren't kidding about the service. I chose this place for dinner tonight because it's Mother's Day, I didn't want to cook, and my husband had to work so I needed something quick, easy and kid-friendly. I hadn't read the reviews until I was sitting there waiting for our food ( I had LOADS of time to read), and wish I had read them before I went in. The plus was that the food wasn't quite as bad as I was preparing myself for. I had the mushroom barley (skip it) and the vegetarian quesadilla, which actually had some flavor. My kiddo had a hot dog and fries...a no brainer. There's something, however that makes me feel like the cleanliness of the joint is a little sketchy. I'm a bit worried I may be paying a bigger price than the already over-priced diner food. 
As others have described, the entire wait staff just look bitter. Not once did our server crack a smile, check in on us, ask how our food was, nor was our table bussed as we waited, and waited and waited for her to bring our check (major pet peeve of mine to have plates still on the table when you're clearly finished eating). I noticed the other diners around us also waited a very very long time for their food to come out, and their servers had to be intercepted to just get them to bring something. 
Pretty piss poor, and do you think a Mom out with her daughter on Mother's Day could get a "Happy Mother's Day" from either the server or the cashier? Of course not.I've had breakfast and lunch, which were good...standard fare, but lots of choices all times of day.  Their grilled cheese and bacon was better than average.  Prices are reasonable and service was good.  I will be going back in the future.I came in on a Sunday afternoon and sat at the counter. Though the counter was filled with servers, I did not receive an acknowledgement from any of the staff. I sat there for 10 minutes before I went and got my own menu. I asked a server if she was the server for the counter and she rudely informed me that she only took care of the right side of the counter. I had to wait for my server who apparently was no where to be found. Normally I understand a busy restaurant, but usually a server would go grab the server who's station it is or at least grab the customer a cup of water. I left and will never go to this place again. As others mentioned, there are way better restaurants in the area. This place does not deserve your money.Worst service ever!   There were only 8 other people in the entire restaurant besides my son and I.  After we were seated it took 15 minutes for someone to come over and ask if we wanted drinks.  Very disorganized.  Seems like it was a free for all in regards to waitressing and table assignments.  The same waitress who wasn't mine came by twice to ask if we were ready to place our order.  They would do better if they actually assigned sections to the waitresses.  After our food was delivered we didn't see anyone again until I hunted someone down to get the check.  Never coming here again.YUM! Best breakfast experience in Philly so far. We've tried every greasy spoon in Roxborough and have been disappointed.  However, the Trolley Car will fill the void where our hometown favorite left off (originally from Central MA). Even though it was twice the price of our local greasy spoons, it was worth it.  We got there around 8:45 on a Saturday and there was plenty of free parking and no wait to be seated.  Best veggie omelette I've had in a very long time. I didn't even get cheese on it, and it was still great. Fresh veggies and I think they used cream because it was very savory.  Great little potato pancakes as well. My husband said his was great (french toast, bacon, eggs over-medium, toast).  He always complains about something, so I'm more than satisfied to find a place we both agree to love.  Service was really friendly and fast. Can't wait to return!This is my 3rd and final visit. They never ever have enough wait staff. We waited 45 minutes for 3 milkshakes, could not get another drink and was met with  a very unfriendly person when we went to pay!Absolutely love this place. It doesn't matte what you order everything is good and they give you alot!! Their apple pie/apple crisp is a slice of heaven.. get it a la mode! And VERY reasonably priced....Service and the food has gotten much better.  The prices still seem a bit high for diner fare, especially the breakfasts, but maybe that's just the cost of doing business in the city.It's maddening to me that this place seems content to be just barely good enough.  There are no great diners near Mt. Airy, and this place has the physical plant and neighborhood support to be truly awesome, but it falls short, and usually leaves me feeling annoyed and mildly cheated.
Service - As is the case with nearly every restaurant in Mt. Airy (notable exceptions: Cin-Cin and McNally's), the service here is usually below average to outright poor.  Some days you can just sit there for 10 minutes waiting for a menu and a glass of water.   I'm not sure why restaurant owners around here maintain such low standards for service,  but in any case, the Trolley doesn't buck the trend.
Food - This is the real shame.  Everything's just kind of "okay".  The burgers seem like pre-packed, factory-formed patties, and if those "homestyle" chips are made in-house, they needn't bother; always on the edge between edible and stale.  Nothing's particularly fresh tasting or even interesting, and I'm not sure there's been a meaningful change to the menu for several years (at least, I can't remember anything different).  This neighborhood is CRAWLING with middle-aged foodies with disposable income, but the Trolley just puts out the same bland, corporate cafeteria food you can get anywhere, but they do charge more for it.  Now that I'm thinking about it, it's kind of like getting a meal at the airport: everything is some recognizable American standard, and it's kinda tasty, but if there were any other option, you'd take it.  Here's a perfect signifier:  the cookies next to the cash register? Otis Spunkmeyer.   COME ON!  TRY HARDER!
Value - Overpriced.  Our family somehow manages to spend the same here as we do at Cin-Cin (maybe 5 bucks less).  Given the disparity in quality and service, Trolley is comparative rip.  
Bottom Line:  I go to this place because I live 10 minutes away (on foot), and sometimes I'm willing to overpay for blah food just to get dinner taken care of quickly.   That's about as positive as I can be.  If you want something like diner food in this neighborhood, try McNally's instead.I like the Trolley Car Diner. It has always been a place to meet friends from different parts of the Philadelphia area. The food is normally good and well presented. On a recent visit this past Sunday, the wait was at least 30 minutes around the noon time hour. That's to be expected. However, when I went into the main dining room, it felt like the air conditioning was out of order. It was so hot. I mentioned to three different people and they did nothing and there was no explanation. I also found the bathroom to be in great need of servicing, in like of "nasty" customers' use of the facilities. I will continue to go, when in the area, especially since I can get breakfast anytime. I was very unhappy having to dine in the "heat".It's a funky, cosy, cool little retro diner, with huge portions of delicious food. They're also extremely community oriented which I really appreciate. Great place for burgers and milkshakes! Also, if you've got visitors from Europe in town, like we did, they will likely be amazed by the decor! The servers are always fast and friendly. I feel very at home here!Diner food and diner style. Very tasty and satisfying. Kid friendly. Full bar with 450 types of beer. They even have ice cream floats for adults with kaluha at the bar.  The home made garlic potato chips are to die for.I went there for lunch and had the Nut Encrusted Chicken Salad and it was absolutely delicious!! I will definitely go back.Finally found a great place for brunch!  Prices are very reasonable, atmosphere is fun and the food is great.  I ordered a salad, grilled cheese w/ tons of bacon on whole grain which came with their homemade chips.  The grilled cheese was so filling I could only eat 1/2.  Chips were great!  One friend ordered the corned beef hash - which was homemade.  If all corned beef hash was like the Trolley Car's, I'd always order it because it was incredible!!  
We had to wait about 10 minutes to be seated but that was fine since we were busy oogling the beer selection.  Banana Bread Beer from the UK?  Sure!  
I will definitely be going back often and this is the spot I'd take people that are in town to visit.We just discovered this Philadelphia gem this evening. Worth your business for numerous reasons:
- Quality Food. It was exciting to explore the menu. The fries are legit. Salad was fresh and tasty. French Onion Soup- fulfilling and delicious. I was biting the dried cheese off of the bowl, it was so good. The soup was a bit salty for my taste, but it was a minor distraction from an overall great dish. Looking forward to tasting more dishes and trying the desert menu
- Beautiful decor. Vintage dining car motif, photos of what was the best of 50s pop culture: James Dean, Elizabeth Taylor, Audrey Hepburn, Paul Newman, Jackie Robinson. The dessert menu has shakes named after some of these icons. Very comfortable seats and perfect lighting.
- GREAT music. Frank Sinatra, Whitney Houston Bobby Darrin, Sam Cooke. Soulful, upbeat, fun, the sound of Philadelphia music.
- Really genial staff. Everyone on the staff that we encountered was friendly. They went above and beyond to make sure we were happy. One employee even had her two beautiful children at the restaurant, so the place is obviously family friendly. We sat by the register and the woman asked everyone who was leaving how their dining experience was.
- Huge portion sizes. My wife and I were both stuffed after eating, and we both had full lunches to take the next day for work. They also put the leftovers in biodegradable containers, which was an appreciated sustainable gesture.
-Responsible ownership. We read that the owner is leading the drive for local business to pay their employees a living wage. It felt really good to support a local business that treats its employees like they are the lifeblood of the business.
-Inclusivity- one of the most diverse diners I've ever been in, from the clientele to employees, to the music selection. A welcoming place to be, and a wonderful experience!
Needless to say, we are looking forward to going back!!
Update: we went back the next night and split a Sandra Dee (Vanilla) milkshake. Smooth, delicious, not to sweet, the best milkshake my wife and I ever tasted! Well worth the trip back!!I've been coming here for about a year with my kids and significant other.  I have a great experience if I am with either sets of people.  My kids love the breakfast food items.  Particularly, we get the pancakes (both buttermilk and buckwheat) and the omelettes and donuts.  This place is such a gem.  The service is almost always very good, sometimes there is a wait, but that is to be expected when the food is known to be good.  
If I am on a date, its nice to come for dinner and have a beer.  I love being able to do that, and its also nice to be able to bring a six pack home.  I love this place and will continue to come here for years to come.It is convenient for us to get up and go the diner on a weekend morning; I just wish it was always a satisfying experience.  When we first moved to the neighborhood and started going here, we thought it was great.  The problem is it's just so hit or miss, after so many times, sometimes you don't even want to take the chance.   I'm not one to complain over silly reasons, but I've also worked in restaurants for over ten years and expect a certain level of quality regardless of time of day or volume of customers, especially when an omelet with homefries is almost ten dollars.   I've had to send my food back a few times, got the wrong orders a few times, and almost never actually get a refill on the coffee.  It's got such potential, and most of the wait staff is friendly, although seemingly either forgetful or over-booked.  We still occasionally go here with the hopes of everything working out.  Like I said, good hit or total miss.  You have so much potential, Trolley Car, please get it together.
I will say the water ice is pretty good.  Not amazing.We had a mixed experience at the Trolley Car Diner. There was about a 20 minute wait to get a table and that was fine, things were moving along.  We were seated after about 20 minutes, got our menus quickly, and saw the waitress, who immediately took our order, after another 5 minutes or so. Drinks came fairly quickly. Then we waited nearly 40 minutes for a fairly simple breakfast order - and 20 minutes longer than the table next to us, who ordered at the same time as us. During the latter part of that wait, our waitress was nowhere to be seen. On the plus side, the food was very good and we were able the get the check and clear out quickly after eating. But we hadn't planned to hang out there for nearly that long for some eggs, potatoes, and toast.Yummy. Just had amazing creamed chipped beef and my fianc  had the  shrimp omelette. Both were outstanding dishes. I also had the Betty Paige or Page which is a milkshake with banana liquor, creme de coco(coconut cream), and Kahua. I know big on calories but it was good. Definitely would go back.This is a classic style diner.  It has the typically decor of a diner featuring diner food.  I had the New Yawk hot pastrami sandwich.  It tasted excellent, however the pastrami sandwiches I've had in New York were much larger.  Overall, the diner was a little more than I expected.I'd lean towards a 2.5 star review here. I'd like to give more on the menu a try before changing the stars though.
     We went for a late breakfast today. Not a bad wait. I had a western omelet with a side of potato pancakes and my girlfriend had blueberry pancakes with a side of pork sausage.
     The omelet was good. Veggies seemed freshly prepared (peppers and onions) and cooked slightly before being added to the eggs. I like the slightly browned veggies. The ham was also slightly pre cooked as well. Downside was the omelet was a little small. Also the potato pancakes were probably the highlight. It was a basket of thin, crispy, deep fried little pancakes in a decent portion size. For the price, the omelet by itself is a bit off, since you have to pay $1.50 extra for some of the sides (hash browns, potato pancakes, some other stuff).
     The pancakes were ok, but something was a little off. They looked to be cooked quite perfectly, but the outer "shell" was a bit tough/chewy. So strange because the inside was nice and fluffy. It must be due to some of the ingredient proportions in the batter.
     Overall, what you would expect from a diner. Not a standout, but good diner food.