LOVE this place! fabulous service, delicious food, and sinful dessert choices. Perfect for any occasion.This is a neighborhood go-to for drinks! The atmosphere is lively and polished. The staff, special shout out to Joe, are very friendly and attentive. And when the weather is nice and tables line the exterior, it is the perfect spot to have a late afternoon glass of wine with friends!This review is based off of my last visit which occurred during restaurant week. The service was good but the food itself was just, meh. I started with the calamari salad which was over fried and not that tasty. For my main course I got the butternut squash raviolis which were just three large raviolis on a plate, nothing else (sans sauce). They were plain and really lacking taste and flavor. My fiancee got the fish tacos which he enjoyed but was not blown away.I live around the corner from this place and have stopped in for food in the past -- at times, I have thought that their food was a "bit" overpriced, but today really took the cake...
After a long day of meetings and classes, I was starving and ordered a Turkey Burger (from the "Daily Show" portion of the menu). Originally $15, but I asked to substitute the fries for brussels sprouts (more on this later). 
Since I live nearby, was starving, and had a bunch of finals to study for, I was thrilled that my order was ready in 20 minutes. I picked up my food and walked home, excited for a healthy(ish) burger with all the toppings, and instead...I got a turkey patty + cheese on a bun. Where was the lettuce, tomato, onion, pickle? All of the other burgers on the menu came with these items (even the Veggied Burger, which only costs $11)! Ok, maybe it was in the other box...nope, just the brussels sprouts. Imagine my complete and utter disappointment when I bit into the burger and it was also DRY.
When I called back to ask about it, the guy said that he had mistakenly told me that it came with the toppings, even though it shouldn't have. He offered to fix it, but at that point, with a final project and half a dozen papers looming over my head, did I really have the time to make *yet another* round-trip to the restaurant?
Oh, and to add insult to injury? I got charged $2 for replacing the fries with brussels sprouts...can someone tell me how this makes any sense at all, when the two items differ by only $1 on the menu when ordered as sides?
I normally give restaurants the benefit of the doubt, but I feel like it's a complete ripoff to charge someone $17 for essentially a turkey patty on bread.
This was, sadly, one of the most disappointing dining experience I've had anywhere :(Had the mussels here and they were a little lack luster.  The flavors were all watered down in the broth and the top mussels in the pot had no flavor at all.  I also ate the chopped chopped salad which was missing the apples that were stated as an ingredient on the menu.Service was really slow, it was on a Tuesday night! Food was cold and didn't have much flavor. The tables that came after my party were served before us. Felt very neglected and ignored by our waiter. Will not be returning or recommending this restaurant to anyone. The only reason why I didn't give a one star was because the wines and cocktails were good.I returned to Twenty Manning for the second time with high hopes. We scored a last minute reservation for 5 at 7:30 on a Saturday. When we entered the place was PACKED! The bar area full of twenty-somethings and most of the tables occupied. We were seated upon our arrival and we started off with two apps: the charcuterie board and oysters on the half shell. Both were really good. I opted for the chop chop salad and crispy phylo shrimp as my entree. I thoroughly enjoyed the phylo shrimp. The chop chop salad was fine, but was overshadowed by the shrimp. Two of my dining companions had the charbroiled beef sirloin noodle bowl and another had the tuna burger. Three of us enjoyed the half baked Tollhouse cookie with ice cream for dessert. I had lusted after this dessert after seeing it online. It was good, but more mine was more cake-y than cookie. Service was attentive and the ambiance was dark and romantic. In my opinion Twenty Manning is much better than it's sister restaurant, Audrey Claire, across the street in both menu and ambiance.
An aside: My first visit to Twenty Manning was for Restaurant Week Jan 2014. I was satisfied with my Bison Burger and huge pile of shoestring fires. Later when I did the math and figured out the three course meal I had would have been less than the $35 Restaurant Week price. That revelation made me suffer from meal-regret. Stay away from Twenty Manning during restaurant week.Why are you eating here.
Seriously, why.  Did "friends" invite you out?  Then you need better friends.  Were you threatened by the previous Asian-influenced menu and decided to overcompensate by loving Food For White People?  Is the decor of Pub and Kitchen perhaps too much to take and you needed a place that is the interior decorating version of a warm bath?  In short: do you love the Barefoot Contessa?
Look, people: the burger was decidedly mediocre, the beer selection kind of appalling especially with Food and Friends right next door, and our friends got frozen vegetables.  That's not great dining, especially when there are so many options present nearby.  You can do better, Philadelphia.  I have faith in you.Perhaps it's because we felt a bit like those Emma Lazarus describes in her famous sonnet, but this place was an oasis from the cold and a welcome find. The chef and management clearly pay attention since there was a broad assortment of hot drinks and soup available on a sub-freezing night. Service was prompt and attentive, the hot drinks were served quickly and the rest of the meal was tasty. I opted for the smoked, double cut pork chop and ranks in the top 3 I've ever had. Southerners take note, these Yankees know how to cook a chop properly. :)
Once again, trust your fellow Yelpers, this place worked hard to earn my money.Very fun place, great drinks - dinner menu was a little "earthy" for my liking but the appetizers were out of this world.  The atmosphere was fantastic, would definitely have a drink at the bar and maybe a snack then go out for the night somewhere else, loved the decor.Was visiting Philly last weekend and after dining with friends all weekend, I came here to have a nice dinner with my gf sunday night.  The atmosphere was perfect, great food and nice beer choices as well.  Not an overkill variety of microbrews to distract me from the food and overall experience (I enjoy trying different craft brews, sometimes too much) - That night I got to check a local Saison off my list!
Our server was just right.  Very attentive with refilling our water too, we were so thirsty after our earlier flywheel class.  
For apps we shared the chop chop salad and calamari, both were delicious.  Beef noodles and salmon for our entrees... So Good!  I don't know what it is about brussels sprouts, I used to hate them as a kid, but if I see it on the menu now its game over.  They paired nicely with the parsnip puree on the salmon dish.  I would've like my salmon cooked a little less well, but I'll make a note for the next time I visit since I'll definitely be back!This is me an my boyfriends favorite spot. The atmosphere is great, especially for a date night. So far we have tried the TMG burger (my boyfriend almost broke up with me for the burger because it was so good), the pork chop, the short ribs, and the butternut squash ravioli. We have tried the Asian pot Stickers, crab cake, shrimp taco and calamari for appetizers. Everything was absolutely amazing both times we've been here. The calamari is great, but if you have a sensitive mouth like me it's a tad bit too spicy. The portions are a great size and the service is wonderful. When we went for restaurant week a few months ago, there was a carrot cake in the dessert platter. When we went last night I had asked for that but it was not on the menu anymore. I guess the chef had a big party the night before and the waiter was able to actually get me some that was left over, he was so nice. Would definitely recommend this restaurant, I have nothing bad to say about it, it's definitely my favorite in the city!We wanted to love this place. We really did. We have walked by a hundred times watching the patrons and admiring their meals. 
When we finally had the chance to dine here the food was beyond uninspired. The best part of the meal was the beer that I ordered after my horrendous cocktail. 
Save your money and eat elsewhere.EH.  If you've eaten at enough good restaurants in major cities, this place in comparison is quite forgettable and seriously lacks WOW factor.  The tuna was cooked decently and the portion size was humongous (I mean mercury-poisoning humongous), and who wants a huge plate of mediocrity for twenty-something dollars? That's right - no one does.  Also, as quite a few people have already mentioned, the layout of seats are terrible, it's disturbingly loud and the waiters rush the crap out of you.  I'd much rather eat at the Chinese take-out place across the street.I'm between 4 and 5 stars and while I do truly enjoy this place I'm going to have to go with a conservative 4. Had the short ribs on my last visit and obsessed about the meal for days after (which were on the menu for Sat nights only).  I've also had the ravioli (which vary depending on the season) and they were nothing to rave about. I love trying new restaurants and don't like to go back to the same places repeatedly. Twenty Manning would be an exception. Great atmosphere - could be on the noisy side depending on when you visit but in a good way. I recommend making reservations on the weekends, always busy. For some reason I thought the place was farm to table, but I do not believe this is accurate (regardless food has yet to disappoint). Can't wait to come back!Stopped here for a drink before headed to their sister restaurant which we had reservations at. 
A truly homey, friendly, robust atmosphere. The restaurant is not huge and the bar area rather small but it really adds to the charm of the experience. Staff is very attentive and almost felt like we were in their home for a dinner party. 
We did not eat here but all the dishes coming out looked delicious.Food was OK- Great service though.
Wouldn't go back for the price. Wedge salad was average, the pumpkin ravioli (you only got 3) were more like perogies. The shrimp tacos were on corn tortillas, i would prefer flour, but hey I ate them.Delicious food, good service experience.  We had a great time in Philly for Christmas and we were impressed at all the vegan options in the city.  Two of my party were meat eaters and I am vegan, so to find a place that is willing to put together a meal (other than a salad!) just for my eating lifestyle was so impressive.  We loved Philly and the wonderful food.  Twenty Manning Grill was part of the "over the top" Christmas experience we had for the few days we were there.  It added to our enrichment and nourished us for the wonderful memories we had while in Philadelphia.  We hope it will be sooner than later that we get to come back to visit the city and Twenty Manning Grill.I went with a friend during restaurant week, and unfortunately we had to go in super early- 5:45pm for dinner. I've been curious for a while, since I live down the street. The staff was friendly, very attentive, and the beer was good. I had a Dock Street ale. The bread was delicious, along with the butter and salt- off to a great start!  I had the calamari salad first, and it was your very standard fried calamari salad. Kinda boring, but safe, I would say. The next course was the bison burger, served on a chopping block with, to repeat what another review said, McDonalds-style french fries. The massive burger came with a whole pickle, which was a nice treat, but a little awkward for me. The dessert was the highlight- for sure, all of it. I think it might be better if we showed up a little bit later when the place was relaxing into the night. 
Overall, it was fine, my curiosity is satisfied and I most likely won't return.This place is now my new favorite spot in Ritten House Square. The food was absolutely amazing we had heard a lot about it but wanted to try for ourselves. For once I'm actually happy I had listen to my friends. It is  definitely a must try if you are in the area.I came here for my birthday tonight & everything about this place was amazing.. The food , the drinks , the service! AMAZINGGGG !We had a great visit here last night- sat outside under the heat lamps for dinner and drinks. My husband had the bourbon signature cocktail, and I had the cabernet. Both great. The food would have been 3.5 stars, but the service was so excellent and speedy I'd give it four. That put it over the edge as a great experience. We shared the pork pot stickers and deviled eggs. The pot stickers were awesome, and the eggs so-so. Not a ton of flavor and had been in the fridge for a while. For mains, I had the calamari salad and my husband had the beef sirloin noodles. The calamari was good (the salad part just ok) and the beer sirloin was also alright. They brought dipping sauces complimentary which were great. We shared the half baked cookie for dessert which was AMAZING. I think we'll order differently next time and it could be 5 starts - overall was a great visit.Tried Twenty Manning Grill for the first time last night. I had been wanting to dine here for quite some time and was very excited. The interior was so cozy and welcoming, and the food was delicious. 
However, I ordered the pan seared ravioli off of the entree portion of the menu. When the ravioli came out there were three ravioli on a plate. No sides, no sauce, nothing. For the price of the entree, you'd think they would provide more food. My friend ordered the chicken entree and her meal came with two sides and was only two dollars more. Overall, the ravioli was delicious, which was the only saving grace.
Unfortunately, I left hungry and a bit unsatisfied.I love this place :) I've been on several occasions and every time I've left happy about the food, drink, and service. I live pretty close so it's convenient and I think the price is  reasonable for the quality of food...especially considering some of the other restaurants in the vicinity.  (I have only been to Audrey Claire once and I didn't think the food was that much better than Twenty Manning...but that could only be because I went once!--since they are sister restaurants I figure I can get similar food at a more affordable price at Twenty Manning) 
I'm always recommending this place to friends if they want somewhere to go with good food and a great atmosphere. I have been here both on weekdays and the weekends and I agree that it can get a little loud on the weekends...but the cocktails are creative and delicious as well as the food, which is always so yummy, not overly presented or prepared...it's just perfect! ...(although I recently ordered the escargot and I didn't love it--I guess I was hoping for a traditional French prep).
I love the atmosphere as well---it's open, clean, simple, and inviting. If there is one thing that I could criticize the restaurant on is one particular waitress I've had several times...she isn't the happiest/most put together waitress out there...but I still love the restaurant and the other staff :) --I had a delicious cocktail at my first visit to the restaurant...when I visited several months later I couldn't remember the name of it and I asked the waiter if he could help me figure out what it was...he was extremely willing to find out even though the restaurant was packed and busy...the bartender has been there since the opening and she knew exactly what I was describing and the manager even came over and told me she was so happy that I brought it up because that was one of her favorite cocktails! (It's the Blush and Rouge if you'd like to try it yourself :) merlot, gin, honey, and sage -so good!)
All in all this place is a must try, whether for drinks or snacks or for dinner + dessert!Have only ordered off the snack menu here but it's always does the job and gets your tastebuds happy and belly full. The cheeseboard is an awesome value, $14 gets you three cheeses and an accompaniment of fresh fruits, compotes and crostini. Fish tacos and scallop ceviche are also excellent. Can't wait to come back and try more.To put it simply, Twenty Manning Grill could have been better when it came to certain things. The atmosphere inside is great, but it is a little overpriced for the portion sizes. I was about to order the Mushroom Ravioli, but I was warned that it was a little on the lighter side. By "lighter" side they meant 3 ravioli's, that's it. That didn't seem worth $17, so I did not get it. Instead my boyfriend and I split the Steak Frites and the Lobster Roll. The Steak and Frites had a nice taste and it was a good portion size, as it should have been for the price. The Lobster Roll, to me, was not worth it. Don't get me wrong it wasn't BAD, but there was nothing special about it either. I could go to Luke's Lobster and enjoy that more.
Besides the pricing of the food, our waiter was terrible. He was extremely slow. It took him forever to come over to us and to come back to check on us. I saw other waitresses/waiters walk by our table 10 times and did not see our waiter once in-between those 10 times. Also, he completely forget to give us our appetizer. The service is kind of what made the experience less enjoyable.I took my parents, who were visiting from North Carolina, here one night because it looked like a very nice place for some satisfying a delicious food.  We were seated and were the only people there (early dinner).  First surprise: the staff dress code.  Yea, it's hot in the summer, but for a place with a menu in the $20-$30/plate range, I expect better than ripped jeans and Hanes' Comfy Fit tees...at least match the elegance of the decor.
Our waiter came by a couple of times and razzed my Dad about a drink order, don't remember what exactly.  I was not amused.  The chef came by... nothing better to do since we were the only people there - wearing a dirty undershirt - with the waiter when we were ready to put in our food order.  My Mother was a little indecisive and the waiter was extremely pushy.  I understand that this is the north and people are jerks in general, and it's thought of as playful and fun, and apparently appropriate at fine-dining establishments.  However, my parents were visiting and the service here was pushing me to walk, much less leave any tip.  The food was decent, nothing good enough to bring me back.
Seriously disappointed.I choose to leave reviews with the least amount of bias. If I ZERO stars were available I would have given it to this sad excuse of an establishment. 
I would not recommend coming here, unless you would like you evening and mood to be ruined. We waited for over an hour before being served our main courses. Parties who came after us were served and left before our food came out. We arrived at 6:30 PM and it is now 8:00 PM. Once we finally received our food, we were extremely disappointed by its quality aside from the long wait. It definitely wasn't worth waiting for over an hour, and I would have left had I not been there as a guest for a birthday dinner. I could have made the "Tuna burger" that I ordered in my own home in 10 minutes as it was just a sad excuse for seared sashimi with a bun. The fries came out cold....indicating that the server did not bring our plates out immediately after the chef prepared our meals. The waiters were also haughty and inattentive. I would have complained but there was no one to complain to either since the waiters would disappear.Everything about this place is yummy, from the service to the dishes. My friend lives in an apt directly upstairs and had rightfully raved about this spot. The staff are really interested in making sure that you are comfortable and feel "at home." Plus there are pictures of pooches all over the place, which kept me pointing and saying "Ahhhhhhhh" all night long.
I got the chicken with mashed potatoes and peas and shared a cheese plate to start. Everything tasted fresh and was deliciously seasoned. I wouldn't miss a visit to TMG.I went Saturday night and the food was fantastic. Sevice was good. The place was definitely loud but the food was so good that you didn't even mind. Great salad. Great fish.We decided to try something new for Restaurant Week and we made a great choice with Twenty Manning!
I was a little turned off when we arrived because the entire sidewalk in front of the restaurant was being torn up. Luckily, it was not too loud and did not disrupt our dinner at all. We were seated right away by a very nice hostess.
We were seated in the back corner of the restaurant which had a very comfy white couch that was perfect for us to have a cuddly couple date. Our waiter was GREAT! I think his name was John, but I can't remember. I thought it was weird that the waitstaff were all wearing jeans and white t-shirts under their black aprons, but our waiter's personality outshined any of the original judgements I had made. The place was a little loud, but we are quite used to dealing with that in restaurants around the city. 
We ordered the Tomato Bisque and Crabcakes as appetizers. The Bisque was good, I enjoyed it but was not blown away. The "Crabcakes" was really one crabcake, which was absolutely delicious and kept me wishing for the plural like we thought! I really enjoyed the apple slaw that came with the crabcakes as well.
My boyfriend ordered the Wild Berkshire Pork Chop, which was served with figs, melted Gorgonzola, and Brussels sprouts. He said it was one of the best pork chops he has ever had and just about licked his plate clean. I was continuously stealing the brussel sprouts which were a little blackened, but delicious. I could not get enough of the melted Gorgonzola sauce. I kept stealing dips of it for my bread.
I absolutely LOVED my entree. I had the Charbroiled Beef Sirloin Noodles. The beef was tender and very flavorful and a great combo with the rice noodles. This was served over a bed of shredded lettuce, pickled cucumber, fresh basil, fresh mint and a garlic vinaigrette. I thought the combination was quite strange when I first had a look at it, but it was absolutely delicious. The lettuce added a nice crunch to it and the sauce was amazing. The mint and basil was a bit strong, I ended up picking some out after getting a mouthful. I asked the waiter about the sauce and he told me that it was actually made with a fish sauce, which was very surprising to me. I was actually happy I had not asked about that before ordering, because I am not a huge fish fan. 
For dessert, we were served a sampler. A small piece of cheesecake, a small apple danish, a small piece of chocolate cake, served with strawberries and blackberries. The dessert was a perfect end to the meal. I loved having just a bite of a few different varieties, although a pickier eater may not have been quite as satisfied.
The only negative I have is that I thought the drinks were extremely expensive. It is located near Rittenhouse Square, so I guess I should have expected it, but when I order a $9 margarita, I expect a little bit more bang for my buck. The bar area was very nice and they did have a good selection of draft beer, but I probably would not go to this place if I were just going out for a few drinks.
Overall, I was extremely impressed with everything about our experience and would definitely recommend this place! I was impressed with the speed and service, considering how crowded they were for Restaurant Week.The interior of this place is really cute and definitely fits in Rittenhouse. Went at 7 pm on a Tuesday and it was packed with business and happy hour crowds. The waitresses kept refreshing our waters without being invasive, which was nice!
I am a vegetarian and wanted to try their mushroom burger. The flavors were good, but I thought they focused too much on presentation--it has several clunky layers of 2 mushroom caps, 2 layers of grilled onions, lettuce, mozzarella, and large zucchini. I took out some onions and mushrooms and could actually take a bite, but the bun also fell apart as I ate it :/ would be willing to come back and try the vegetable stir fry though!I'm a fan of Twenty Manning for 2 main reasons: I had a cheeseburger and fries that were absolutely delicioso, and I like the outdoor seating and atmosphere.
My girlfriend and I went on a night when it was about 60 degrees outside. We didn't have a reservation, showed up around 9:30pm, and they were able to seat us outside within minutes (to sit inside, there would have been a 30-minute wait). I was hesitant since it was somewhat cold for an outdoor seat, but they informed us of the heaters, which did a good job of keeping us comfortable.
The outdoor scene was nice - we were seated on the Manning-Street side of the restaurant, which looks out onto 20th street and provided a pleasant ambiance with decent people-watching. For a minute the scene reminded me of the movie Midnight in Paris. 
Then the food came - both Rachel and I ordered the TMG burger, medium-well, with cheddar cheese. Simply magnifique! Cooked perfectly with great flavor, it was impossible to not finish it. 
And the fries were amazing. Surprisingly, they were probably some of the best I have ever had. Not too crunchy or too soggy and with great flavor, they too, were difficult to lay off of, although the serving size was quite large. I will definitely be coming back!The food and service are always outstanding here. Definitely try the salmon!The pork chop at Twenty Manning is their iconic dish - and it is what they are KNOWN for. It was my favorite meal ever, literally. Maple glaze, Brussels sprouts, figs & Gorgonzola - I travel & eat quite a lot, never had a better dish. Imagine my surprise this week when I go in for a birthday dinner and they have changed it off the menu - such, such a mistake. The replacements were underwhelming and this place is changing, not for the better, after new ownership. :/Food here is fantastic!!!!!!
Duck confit (order this with plain white rice), their appetizers and their special whiskey drink. This place is a MUST go!Just last weekend, I went there for my birthday. From the poor service to the extremely RUDE waiter, I'm not sure where to begin. In fact, I won't waste your time with details. Just know in the end, after a LONG talk with the manager our bill had to be adjusted, including "mandatory" gratuity, cake plating fees, and more. This was in addition to being offered a round of shots as if that liquor makes up for comments laced with racism and prejudice. A waiter or waitress who cannot apologize when no one was rude to them in the first place, ought to be fired.The Greek specials last night:  hummus with pita was great. Lamb was RAW, stringy and inedible.   Wine was good. I'll try it again for their Wednesday specials but I was unimpressed! Loud, loud, loud!Had the steak and tuna burger - food was really good. However, in general, the food was a little on the salty side, especially the fries. I would come back again next time.5 stars for the bar ambiance, cocktails and bar service.  4 stars for the food, but the food service has always been more like 3 stars here, and I've been here more than 10 times.  Most recently, I sat outside on a nice day and we waited a really long time for our server to wait on us, both to take our initial order and to check on us when we needed something (I.e. Utensils).  Please don't ignore your outdoor tables, we need love too!I have walked by the "new" Twenty Manning several times and have been wanting to check it out, to see what the makeover was all about.  
It had a much more casual atmosphere, almost Bistro-like, and was bustling enough on a Saturday night, but not so crowded as it easy to get a table at 8:30pm without reservations.  They also had cool outdoor lounge seating, in addition to the standard al fresco dining.  
The menu was familiar with some of the same Asian fusion options from before, but had a comfort-food twist.  Additionally, I appreciated the Jewish shout-out with Zaida's (yiddish for grandfather) Brisket Sandwich served on Sunday nights.  
Through the grapevine, I heard the goal of the re-do was to make it more of an affordable, everyday place to go, and I think they accomplished just that.Hovering between a 3 and 4 - I'll give this one the benefit of the doubt as I've only been once and for a NYE tasting.
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
One of the best foodie experiences in Philly is COOK - a state-of-the-art sixteen-seat classroom where guests enjoy tastings and demonstrations from the city's premier chefs. Want a sneak peak of Chef George Sabatino's Aldine? Want a Chopped-style battle between two of Kevin Sbraga's chefs at his eponymous Sbraga or Fat Ham? COOK has you covered, though at a price. 
However, if you're looking for a more traditional, yet relaxed experience showcasing seasonal cooking in Rittenhouse? Check out the sister restaurants - Audrey Claire or Twenty Manning Grill. This past New Year's Eve, the GF and I had a tasting of sorts at the latter.
Bread Service
Dinner started with our server dropping off a bakery bag filled with fresh mini-baguettes, served with a couple of pats of room temp butter. A nice touch.
Formula 46 [$12]
Maker's Mark 46 Bourbon, Carpano Antica sweet vermouth, rhubarb bitters, brandied cherries
I started off the night's drinking with a bourbon-based tipple, which offered clean flavors. The rhubarb bitters added an herbal grapefruit essence, but the real star? The rich bandied cherries, which were a great intermezzo in between sips. 
TMG Bellini [$9]
Lunetta prosecco, white peach puree 
The GF went with the bellini, prototypically offering light peach flavors amidst the prosecco's dry effervesence. 
NYE Prix Fixe [$50 pp]
Amuse Bouche
Herb mascarpone stuffed cremini mushroom
The amuse from the kitchen provided an earthy bite, heightened by the cheese and herbs. The balsamic glaze underneath helped to provide some acidity. 
Pan Fried Haloumi Salad
Micro greens, kalamata olives, blood orange, lemon vinaigrette
For the GF's first course proper, she went with the haloumi salad. Admittedly, Zahav's haloumi is better. TMG's iteration seemed a bit disjointed - the microgreens were few and the pan-fried haloumi was a bit greasy. In fact, the cheese lacked seasoning, though the mix of kalamata olives and blood orange offered some much needed salt and acid for each bite. 
Butter Roasted Skate Wing 
Truffle mashed potatoes, lemon-caper mineure 
In contrast, my first course was definitely a hit. Skate is one of my favorite fish to eat and this was well-prepared. Not overdone, it was completely meaty, yet tender and flaky. The fried leeks offered some textural contrast and the lemon-caper butter sauce offered countervailing acidity to the heft of the truffle mashed potatoes. 
Pan Seared Butternut Squash Ravioli
Fresh ricotta, parmigiano-reggiano, caramelized onions, crispy sage brown butter, leek chips  
For her main, the GF went with the ravioli. Unfortunately, this was also a miss for her. The pan-searing rendered the ravioli dry and a bit too crisp. The innards fell flat as the caramelized onions and parmigiano-reggiano overpowered the butternut squash and ricotta. This ate more like fried perogis and seemed to be more of an accompaniment than an entree. 
Grilled Black Angus Filet Mignon
Rosemary golden Yukon potatoes, truffle cream sauce
Luckily, I went down the meat and potatoes route. Though the steak lacked any amount of char or grill marks on the outside, it was certainly tender and seasoned quite well. The truffle cream sauce lacked any truffle essence, but provided additional beefy heft to each bite. And to be frank, truffle may have adulterated the flavor of the beef. As an accompaniment, the potatoes were nicely tender, yet crisp on the outside.
Homemade Dessert Sampler
For dessert, the GF and I received our own plate of homemade dessert samplers. Fresh halved strawberries, an apple muffin, and a peach tart provided a decent end to the meal, in addition to a nicely tart cheesecake and decadent molten lava cake.
Champagne Toast
Always a nice touch for a NYE menu, TMG offered a complimentary champagne toast to send us on our way out into the night.
Though there were a few misses on our NYE tasting menu, Twenty Manning Grill offers decent flavors. The skate was on point and I'm definitely willing to give TMG another try the next time I'm in the South Rittenhouse area.This place reminds me of a quote out of Newsroom and about their Bison Burger: after dining on $135 of mac and cheese, "It's the same as Stouffer's mac and cheese with $135 of shaved truffles on top"....I got the scallops, they were subpar for the price. You only get 3. Could have cooked this at home. We also got the moules frites, which were, in fairness, delicious! The escargot was appropriately cooked, but smothered in an overpowering mushroom broth. Our waitress was great, very polite and welcoming!I have a little bit of time before work and naturally I'm going to spend this time writing a yelp review instead of working on a presentation I have next week.
I ventured over to this place last night. I actually accidentally walked into the restaurant to meet my friend and his friends completely missing them outside. fml. embarrassing.
The drink menu has many options for cocktails, draughts, bottles, and wines. The best part about the menu actually is the drink names. "Don't be all uncool" and "I tried to make it nice". If you know where this shit is from DOPE! I was too embarrassed to bring it up to these new people. If you don't know, idk..try googling it. I just fact checked googling it and it works.
I went with the pilsner and then after ordering I noticed Guinness on the bottled side. That paired with this romantic story about how one of my fellow patrons met this guy on a recent trip to Dublin sold me on that shit. I can use a little romance in my life...hint, hint....
Throughout the evening, the service was great. Our waiter and other servers habitually came over to check on us. I never felt that I had to hunt them down. Waters were refilled. Refills were promptly brought over.
Sitting outside on this street was lovely as well. The day heat had simmered down and a nice breeze came through every so often. Great opportunities for people watching. 
Eventually someone suggested ordering food. I thought they'd never ask. We got calamari (not for me, obv) brussels sprouts, and the cheese plate. 
The brussels sprouts were DELISH. Not ideal for sharing because they're in big chunks, but they were absolutely amazing. If you didn't like brussels you probably would after eating these.  They were sprinkled with parmesan along with this very tasty sauce. I could always go for anything sprinkled with parmesan. Don't get any ideas.
The cheese plate contained a diverse display of contents. Figs, apples, crostini, grapes, honey, some itty bitty cubes of something sweet and orange I couldn't identify. And of course, cheese. Brie definitely, allegedly goat cheese although I'm skeptical because it was more hard than soft, and something else that was smokey. Here's my problem with the cheese plate. It was three tiny little wedges of cheese. How on earth are people supposed to share that shit? There's WAY more crostini than cheese. Not that it was an issue because I took care of that problem but the amount of cheese was very disappointing. Otherwise the cheese was delicious but when is it not? Also extra bonus points for not wasting valuable cheese real-estate on BLEU. I loved that shit before I found out what the blue stuff was. Ain't nobody got time for hyphae. Dangers for learning too much biology
I can't speak to the calamari due to my vegetarianism but my companions were disappointed in its texture. Something about being breaded or not being breaded or some shit along those lines. I was intrigued about that orangey dipping sauce. I do love a good sauce. 
Alright I think that covers everything. Excuse me while I go to work to clean out the candy bowl before everyone else. Ta ta.I have only one word that I would use to describe Twenty Manning: uncomfortable. 
Two of us went for dinner at 7:15PM this past Saturday. It was about 90 degrees outside, so we asked to sit inside (thinking it'd be cooler, breezier, perhaps even air-conditioned). Wrong. It was stifling and swelteringly hot inside. There were only two windows open at the front of the restaurant and we were seated all the way in the back. There were only a few fans going so there was no air flow, the air was stagnant, and both of us were perspiring profusely. Further, we were seated in a corner booth with a table that was too small. There was a deep seam running down the middle of my seat (where our section of the couch met the next one), so I was extremely uncomfortable the whole time and had to keep shitfing to ease the resulting back pain. In addition to that, the water they served us (which took FOREVER to get) was room temperature, so that didn't do much to help us cool off. 
We couldn't tell the difference between waiters and bus boys and it took ridiculously long for us to be greeted in the first place. Our waiter was awkward and didn't seem to know what he was doing. I'm sure it didn't help that we were both feeling nauseous from the heat by the time we got it, but the food was terrible. I ordered the seared Ahi tuna and I couldn't finish it because #1, it wasn't seared, and #2 the flavors of the sides it was paired with were all over the place and did not mix together well at all (ahi tuna with pineapple risotto [terrible], cucumber salad and all covered with dill? eesh). My friend ordered a hamburger and I was surprised that he (an indiscriminate carnivore) didn't even finish his meal. We didn't bother sticking around for dessert because at that point we were both so dizzy we needed to get outside immediately. After all the great things I'd heard about Audrey Claire, I thought maybe we'd have luck at Twenty Manning, but I was wrong. Never again!Not awful by any means but could be a lot better. Veggie burger soaked (?) through the bottom bun and was nearly impossible to eat. Fries tastes like something from a frozen bag. I also ordered a Rye IPA and was brought a chocolate stout. I asked our server if she gave me a stout by mistake and she insisted it was an IPA. Needless to say, it wasn't. Not a huge problem (it was a good stout), but kind of annoying. The meat based meals seemed better, so maybe that's their strength. Upsides are a nice ambience. Food is just okay though.The first time I went here, I went for the burger that a friend talked up. It was pretty good, but I was slightly disappointed. They definitely cook it a little more than I would expect, so if you're a medium type of guy I'd consider medium rare. 
That said, I did notice that the menu looked great so I returned for dinner and had the short rib special, which was pretty much amazing. 
Basically, it's a great dinner spot, but they lose a star for overcooking my first burger and for also being slightly pricier than they probably should be.This was a great experience.  All the food was good, the service was exceptional, and we enjoyed the overall atmosphere.  This is a modern/ hip restaurant where the staff was moving briskly and had water, drinks, and the meal at our table all at the right time.  We did not feel rushed or that service took too long.  My wife and I had the Valentine's tasting menu and all courses were really good.  Definitely check this place out for a nice night out as well as a comfortable and attentive atmosphere.  Cocktails were very good.My husband and I had 2 ok starters and 2 awful dishes there last week.  It was our first visit even though we reside in Rittenhouse Square.  The restaurant looked lovely.  We ordered the pork chop and the duck confit.  The pork chop was so overcooked that it was shocking.  It was as if they precooked it and warmed it for service. Then it was ridiculously over drenched with some fig concoction.   The duck confit was tauted to be served on a bed of spinach. It came on raw, cold, dry spinach.  Nowhere on the menu did it say duck confit salad!  Just  awful.  Each dish was $20 because it was restaurant week. Shameful.
I also had a specialty cocktail that was poorly mixed.  It was supposed to be a combo of Hendricks gin, Cucumber vodka and Lillette.  It was a splash of both liquors with the rest Lillette.  Undrinkable!
 We had dinner at the bar and to the bartender's credit, we did not complain.  It had been a long day and we just did not feel like we should have to educate the kitchen.  When you write a menu, it is a promise of delights to come.  This experience was that of a broken promise.The food was not that good. At best, it was mediocre. It was trying to be really nice, but it failed to get there. This is based on trying the spicy calamari appetizer, the berkshire pork chop, the tuna, and the chocolate fondant. Atmosphere was great thought.When I'm looking to impress people from out of town, this is where I go.  You cannot go wrong!  I have to admit, I was hesitant on the change from Twenty Manning to Twenty Manning Grill (complete with meat choices on the "Beef, Duck, Pork, Fowl" banner outside), but I'm in love with the place all over again!  
The cocktails still make me feel like a classy lady and the menu options are delightful (butternut squash ravioli, scallops, crabcakes, half-baked Tollhouse cookie and ice cream) and the comfort food-esque daily specials make the choices expansive.  The only complaint: portion size is too small, but I guess that's what you get when you're trying to impress!It was my first time in Philly and I came here with a friend during my short stay. The happy hour $3 drink deal with oysters was perfect after my long day in a conference hall listening to who knows what. 
I ended up having the steak for dinner which was done well and huge. Definitely got more than what I paid for. Their beer selection is all decent.Great place to go for some fanci-fied American food. This is a perfect place for a date, work dinner or classy night out. Great atmosphere and service. The favorite dishes were the scallops with squash puree, as well as the deviled eggs. For dessert, definitely try the cheesecake. So light and fluffy, even for people who don't like cheesecake. There is a large menu that everyone can find something to enjoy! I was a bit disappointed they didn't have Moscato wine, but ah well, seems a lot of places don't!I enjoyed eating here but it is pretty noisy. It also gets very packed - definitely need a reservation. I had the yellow-fin tuna which was very tasty! My friend ordered the chicken and he said it was delicious. We shared the brussel sprouts - those are a must have! If you want to have dinner at a place with high energy this would be an ideal spot.I've been a few times and have always had good food and drinks. The fare can be a bit heavy (to be expected for a grill), but hasn't lacked in taste. The interior has a polished feel and would be a great place to take family or friends who are visiting.20 Manning has been a firm favourite of mine since I moved to the Rittenhouse area 3 years ago; so you can imagine my dismay when I saw the windows papered up, and jumped to the conclusion that 20 Manning had gone the way of so many restaurants before it in that location, and shut down. I'm delighted to say that was not the case - Audrey Claire was merely doing a refurb...and what a marvellous refurb it is. I always liked the old 20 Manning, but I have to say I LOVE the new 20 Manning! The dark leather seating has been replaced with fresh, breezy and wonderfully comfortable buttercup-yellow banquettes, and the white walls have definitely breathed new life into the place. I was happy to see some old favourites still on the menu, alongside some equally delicious new ones. If you go, be sure to try the burger, served on a wooden board with possibly the tastiest fries in the city...or just try an order of the fries alone. As a British ex-pat, I'm extremely fussy about my fries (or "chips" as we call them back home). These were chunky, cooked to perfection, and served (as they should be) with salt AND vinegar. Of course, being one of Audrey Claire's restaurants, there was a little twist - powdered, not liquid, vinegar, which rather cleverly give flavour without making the fries soggy...genius! Great job, Audrey Claire!Wasn't sure what to expect after reading some mixed reviews. Well, I had dinner here last week and loved it! 
- Crab & Avocado - I've had this at Audrey Claire before and knew it was worth getting it again. It was a nice, light way to kick off the meal.
-  Charcuterie - I love charcuterie plates and this one did not disappoint. The fig jam paired well with the meats and bread. 
- Salmon - I really enjoyed this dish. I've cooked salmon before, but can never get mine to come out this good. I didn't want a heavy entree so this was perfect.
- Pork Chop - I tried some of my bf's pork chop and it was absolutely delicious. It is definitely a rich dish thanks to the maple brine, fig and gorgonzola. I was told it was one of the best meals he's had. 
- Half Baked Cookie - As soon as we saw this on the menu, we were sold. It's topped with vanilla ice cream and just as good as you'd imagine a warm chocolate chip cookie to be!  
They also have a nice selection of cocktails. My drink of choice was the Audrey.Normally I have an excellent experience here, but last night was a doozie for me and my two friends.  I ordered the Scottish salmon, which was downgraded to a wafer thin piece of overdone fish.  To boot, the stingy portion of fish was paired with a plate long spread of green paste and a teensy bit of Parmesan sprinkled on cauliflower.  None of it tasted any good.   And for $24?  Hell no.  Add to that, the staff all look like art school rejects - the female staff in particular look like extras from Orange Is The New Black.  The hostess looked a hot mess with her hair up in an elastic in the middle of the top of her head, shaved sides and a matching semi-orange jumper that legitimately looked like prison clothes.  I can appreciate the hipsters look and all, but why hire a bunch of people who clearly don't give a rat's ass what they look like?  The staff look filthy!  I am not coming back any time soon and hope management considers how their staff present themselves next time I find myself in there.  Effing NASTY!I want to eat here like everyday! The atmosphere is wonderful! I love the vibrant yellow and white decor with the incredible black and white pet photos. Really good ice cold Stella, unusual mix drinks. The fries are some of the best in town! I have tried so many dishes there but my favorite is the vegetable curry. I also really like the staff. A great place during the warm months to relax outside with your favorite fluffy friend! It's got such an awesome mix of everything.I went here for Resturant week. The menu was large, and the food was very good. The drinks were a little pricey, but not outrageous.To start, the mussels were yummy but we got it with asparagus instead of fries. Our waiter informed us that the chicken was the most popular item but it was too dry for me. Very flavorful but it was so dry that my friend sent hers back in exchange for duck and I asked for some manner of jus to try to enliven my dry bird. Also our waiter left for the night before we got our food without ever telling us he was leaving. Very odd.Loved this place. Super loud, but the food was delicious.
We ordered the snails which came in a delicious soup broth, preshelled. We dipped our complimentary (3) slices of cracker bread and our bread basket bread in the soup, yum. The calamari was asian inspired I believe, with peppers. I think it was asian inspired, because that's the only reason I can think that they gave us, a table of three taiwanese patrons, chop sticks along with our forks. Or they were being low-key racist, but it's okay, the calamari was yum.
The Duck Confit was okay. The duck thigh and drumstick was good, although parts were a bit dry. It came on a bed of spinach with some red grapefruit and some type of delicious citrus glaze.
All in all, it was a good meal. I'd go back again.Before you marry someone, you should know certain things about them. Where do they stand politically? Do they want children? And, of course, do they like oysters?
When I found out my fiance had never tried oysters, I set out to rectify that. We skipped around the corner to Twenty Manning for birthday oysters and stayed for a meal. Those oysters were fresh, although I wasn't a fan of the champagne mignonette. I did LOVE the starter of radishes with salt and butter, though. Such a lovely way to start a meal.
Steak frites were tasty, as were my brown-butter ravioli, but nothing inventive or brilliant. Seating was cramped and crowded, even on a weeknight. I'm not a fan of the banquette seating, which nearly made it impossible to adjust one's seating position, let alone escape to powder one's noise.
We might be back for cocktails, seeing as we're so close and the weather's getting so nice, and the Elderflower packed quite the punch. But we'll certainly sit outside.Outside service was nice. 
Braised sirloin on noodles was large and well cooked.  Surprised they served it with chop sticks.  We brought half of it home.
Mushroom ravioli was very hot from the oven .... However only three
Fish tacos was really good 
Cons ... Very loud inside, only three ravioli, the rolls were hard. Table was wobbly 
Pros ... Server explained our menu choices because different than what we would have expected. Fish tacos.
Service was really good .... Offered to replace a beer that companion didn't care for.Went there after a rain storm, I felt welcomed, The food arrived hot. The tacos were spicy, the guacamole was great and their mashed potatoes were amazing. This one waiter started a conversation with me which I found great being I came solo.Went for the $65 prix fixe four course meal on NYE. I was charmed by the atmosphere and the way the restaurant sits on the corner of 20th street. There is a not a ton of elbow room with the place full, but this seems typical of downtown. Waiters dressed in jeans, t-shirts, and aprons (the same as on their website) at least implied an unpretentious concern for fresh food. Portions for the four courses varied in size - a meatball, crab and cilantro on a cracker, and a mushroom spring roll for course one = small, along with the crispy duck confit of course two and the dessert sampler of course four. On the larger size were the butternut squash bisque of course two and the filet and potatoes of course three.
Courses one and four were uninspired. The crispy duck was well cooked and tasty with orzo (I think) and spinach on the side. The squash bisque was mmm mmm good. The filet was not particularly juicy, yet it was very tender and had charred edges - overall very flavorful.
The snooty disinterest level of those around me stayed within acceptable limits, and while it was obvious we live in a state of apartheid, I didn't feel like punching anyone in the face in particular. The waiters' casual garb allowed me to imagine they has secret disdain for their clientele and were simply glad to take their money, in classic french style. With these warm thoughts I left to go watch the fireworks on the other side of town. (Do they really go to a lake of fire and fry? Hmm...)Not a big fan of this restaurant. It's in a good spot, and the atmosphere in terms of decor is inviting, but this is the kind of place you'd meet someone for a drink at the bar and then go to the real restaurant. The food was acceptable but not great and definitely overpriced for what you get. While the decor is inviting, something about the acoustics in the restaurant is way off, making it insanely loud and difficult to hear your dining partner. 
Bottom line: Good place to grab a drink during happy hour at the bar, but there are plenty of other good places to visit for food in the area.This summer my sister and I met a friend for dinner in Philly -- it was raining buckets and TMG was (fortuitously) a short walk from her apartment. 
The drinks were inventive, the service was so friendly and the food was fresh and well prepared. We especially loved/fought over the half baked cookie with ice cream for dessert. 
TMG goes on the short list for my next trip to Philly.One of the big problems I have with Twenty Manning is kind of rare in Philly or anywhere else for that matter: The staff can be too attentive at times. This is a consistent problem every time I have eaten here. It finally dawned on me that their boss probably has drilled it into them and it has become a requirement to constantly refill water glasses, ask if everything is ok, clear empty looking plates, etc. Ease off guys and let your patrons enjoy their dinner and conversation without constant interruptions. 
The patrons aren't always my crowd but that's not their fault. But you should note that if you plan to go it's very much a Rittenhouse stereotypical crowd and a bit stuffy. The staff is younger and hipper and that can often set a balance for me at least. 
The food is great. I return for the food and the vibrant noise level that is just right. I like a mildly noisy dinner out and the large open windows are an added bonus on warm summer nights. 
I love the blue cheese wedge and the scallop dinner but last time there were wayyyy too salty. Every other time they've been great.Headed over to Twenty Manning on Saturday night hoping for an enjoyable dinner at a great price (had the $50 for $25 Ruelala gift card). Overall, the meal was good and the experience was fine...very much a 3 star night.
I'd give the food a solid 4 stars. My date and I ordered the following: chop chop salad, pork pot-stickers, oysters on the half shell and the flash seared ahi tuna entree. The salad was huge and pretty tasty and the pot-stickers were great. The ahi tuna was also very good, served like the salad in a generous portion. The oysters were fine, nothing to write home about taste-wise, but were not properly prepared. They weren't removed from their "connector" (not sure what the technical term is), so we were forced to use our butter knives to separate them from the shells.
The service was okay, pretty attentive but also quite hectic. As other reviews have noted, the layout of the restaurant is bad. Tables of two are forced to sit within 6 inches of other two-tops, something that has always bothered me. And because the restaurant uses tiny water glasses (with no ice so it's almost always lukewarm, sort of strange) the wait staff is constantly having to refill them, so there's nonstop hustle and bustle surrounding all the tables.
When it was time for dessert we were excited to pick something out, only to have the waitress come over and plop the receipt on our table. Never asked if we were done, if we wanted anything else, if we'd like to have some coffee or see the dessert menu. This would have bothered me a little no matter what, but since we were planning on ordering at least one dessert it really annoyed me. We decided to just pay (would've been awkward to have to request the dessert menu ourselves and have the bill taken off the table and re-calculated don't you think?) and get dessert somewhere else. Not a great way to end the night, but on the plus side the total came to exactly $50 plus tax and tip (don't worry, we tipped on the full amount, not the $25 the cert cost)!This is one of my new favorite restaurants. The atmosphere is glamorous, the service is friendly and professional, and the food is excellent. I went on a Saturday night with my wife, and we were seated in a nice corner booth. We ordered calamari for an appetizer, and I got the beef noodles for my entree while my wife had the tuna. Both of us ordered the strawberry shortcake for dessert which was the highlight of the meal. A big plus is that the crowd made for fun people watching, and we were not rushed at all during our dinner - we sat down at 8:30 and left at 10:15 - plus, each course was spaced out just right which made for a very relaxing evening. Overall a fantastic experience - there were many other items I would like to try off of the menu so we will definitely be back!We had tickets to Helium Comedy Club so decided to grab dinner at Twenty Manning beforehand. I've heard many mixed reviews but never tried for myself so I was excited to be going. 
The food was fine - nothing special but, by no means was it bad.  Also, the prices were reasonable, especially considering the neighborhood. When I go to eat, though, I feel that atmosphere and service are just as important as the food so my main issues lies with the latter. The hostesses and our server weren't rude or unfriendly, but there was no sense of 'welcome' from when we first arrived until we paid our check. We felt like a bother from the start. The service was also extremely slow; whether that was the waitress or the kitchen, I am not sure, but there was no apologies or even acknowledgement of the delays in both order taking and food/drinks coming out. 
If you want a decent meal, it's a good place to visit but the overall experience was lacking for me.I went to Twenty Manning because of its reputation for both the space and food. When I entered, it was so packed and loud that I could not hear the hostess. She sat us at a table that was part of booth seating, and it was at most 12 inches from the next closest table. It was so uncomfortably tight and uncomfortably loud that we left and went elsewhere. The food that we saw come out to other diners looked wonderful, but the atmosphere is more sports bar and less fine dining. They should improve the space to reflect the menu instead of maximizing profits through getting as many human beings into the space as possible.Amazing Staff- Food is outstanding! You can't go wrong. Definitely 5 Stars in my rating standards.I had one of the worst dining experiences I've ever had in Philadelphia last evening. We sat at the bar and the bartender provided the worst service in the history of the restaurant industry. 1. We would ask for a fresh drink and instead of providing he would blatantly go over to his friends or regulars, do shots with them, refill drinks and then 5-10 minutes later would make is way over to refill a glass of wine.  2. Right after we ordered our meals at full price the bartenders friends pulled up in the chair next to us at the bar. In a very non discreet manner he tells them, these are the prices but I can do this and this you will not have to pay the full price. I understand that sometimes who you know can get you a deal but to say that right in front of other customers paying full price? Come on. I've had great prior experiences at Audrey Claire and Twenty Manning but after last night I will not be going back any time soon. When paying 60+ per person for dinner you deserve better.Twenty Manning has been a "go to" restaurant for me and my wife for nearly five years since moving to Phila. It's hard to go wrong with their beef sirloin noodles or their roasted chicken breast dishes.Twenty Manning's Bison Burger is fantastic--and don't miss the warm chocolate chip cookie with ice-cream!Chef here is incredible with amazing seasonal menus.  Even being in Rittenhouse the prices are reasonable.  Check out Cari behind the bar.  Great cocktails.  Overall definitely worth a trip.Have always enjoyed dinner there but brunch was terrible. My eggs were completely raw and inedible and the quality of the food was very poor overall. Will not be going back.Had a great dinner here with my friend! Oysters were amazing! 
The staff were really casual and kind and made us feel instantly comfortable. They made sure our wine glasses were always full. Food was great. I had the duck penne and she had the salmon... both delish! 
For dessert (because we never wanted to leave), tiramisu! 
Also, we were able to sit outside where we had a great view of the city and sat warmly under a heat lamp!What a disappointing experience. Service was bad and the food was ok. I've been there twice, hoping that the second time will be better, but no change. I definitely will not recommend this place.I hate when a restaurant is 75% empty and they try and put you in no man's land.  We asked for a table by a window and they did give us one. 
Bread served in a paper bag is excellent with soft butter.  Charcuterie- meat was room temperature which made it a little greasy and a little chewy. Lettuce wedge was actually slices which made it easier to eat with great blue cheese dressing and lots of bacon. Quite good. The Brussels sprouts were good, could have been excellent with a bit more sauting. Wine by the glass and beer selection is quite good. You can get a bit of wine to taste.  Room is pleasant and bright, I'd sit at the bar next time .  Bar was full. Service was good.Went here last night on a date after I told my boyfriend that he didn't have to go to my high school reunion if he took me out on a date.  This place was a lovely treat.  We don't go out to more expensive-ish places usually so this was a good choice.  
Let me just start by saying that they are not BYOB like their sister restaurant, Audrey Clair.  Had we known that we wouldn't have brought the bottle.  But we did and they said they had a cork fee of $5 so we were like OH GREAT and we had it opened.  Yeah but it wasn't $5 (we BOTH heard $5 very clearly) it was $35!  We got it down to $15.  Just word of warning.  There is also no prices on desert (which, idk if that's normal for a place like this?) but whatever.  Anyway, on to the food!
The olives are really delicious and you get a huge serving of them for $5.  Also the beet salad is really good, perfectly cooked, the balsamic they use is awesome.  My boyfriend got the regular burger and it was perfectly cooked and was really delicious.  I got the duck confit and asked for it to go on fresh spinach but it came on sauted.  It's fine I ate it anyway.  Initially I thought the duck was a little dry but THEN I got to the heaven-on-earth sauce at the bottom and taking the duck, spinach, grapefruit and mixing it with the sauce was...omg.  So good.  It was divine.  It was so good.
Got lemon and pineapple/basil sorbet.  Both were great and a perfect little after-note to the dinner.
I gotta say they are super respectful of gluten and dairy allergies there.  So it was a perfect place for us to go since I've developed those allergies.  
Great date night spot, but just remember that they have a full bar (:20 manning is good, but it ebbs in quality, so I'm going on the low side for this ranking. We always order the calamari, but it is never the same. The salads (esp, the chopped) are boring.  However, they do have fun daily specials, and the organic chicken is one of our favorites in the city. It is also a great place for a drink, if you can score a spot.I'm a huge fan of Twenty Manning. It is our go to place when we can't make a decision on dinner. We know it's always going to be tasty. Since we both love it here, my boyfriend took me here for their prix fixe Valentine's Day dinner. It was amazing! They made a special trio of bruschetta that I wish was on their menu full time. So good!
Never disappoints!Don't get me wrong, it's a solid place by Audrey but I just would always rather go to Audrey Claire across the street rather than here. It's a dresser, classier fare than the former. It has good wine specials.INCREDIBLE.
The Burgers.
The Fries.
THE DESSERT. -- Berry crumble with ice cream... Warm baked cookie with ice cream.
The ambience also incredible. GO HERE!Dock street and 20 Manning teamed up for a special dinner featuring Dock Streets beer paired with a variety of pork products. I found this idea really exciting.
I met with my good friend Quinn and we were able to snag a seat outside out a perfect spring day. The menu was set, so our first course came out quickly. Chicarones were served up with three different sauces: apple butter, avocado cream, and chipolte. The first two sauces were okay but forgettable. I thought the chipoltle was excellent, and used ever last drop. This course wasn't amazing, but it was a nice was to stoop our meal. The Bohemian Pils was the pairing of choice.
Next came cinnamon braised pork belly served with watermelon, jalapeos, and Kasseri cheese. This course seems have little forethought; the flavors did not mix well. The pork belly could have been much better prepared, but the cheese saved the entire course. I've never heard of Kasseri, but I enjoyed this thick, almost meaty cheese. Dock street summer session was served alongside, and this great beer was a treat.
At this point in the meal, I wasn't thrilled, by anything, but that was all about to change. The next course was simply fantastic. The main course started with a potato roti served with a poached egg.  While this wasn't a common dinner item, i enjoyed it. I came with a salad covered in real bacon bits and drizzled with hot bacon cider dressing. Two large cubes of crispy pork were served with the salad, and these flavors together melded into a delicious pork explosion. Salad has never tasted so good. Dock street rye IPA was served with this course.
I was getting full at this point, but dessert was almost as exciting as the main course. The man full o trouble porter was served, which is a great beer for dessert. A "chip which" was served, which is a true culinary delight. Two perfectly chocolate cookies were held together with brandy cherry ice cream with sweet bacon bits infused. If given an unlimited amount, I probably would have eaten these until explosion.
Overall, I really enjoyed this special menu. I believe it gave a good idea of the overall food at 20 Manning. The service was certainly weird, our server talked with a air about him, almost as if it was beneath him to bring us food. It turned into one of our running jokes for evening. I liked that a Dock Street took over the taps for the evening, but the normal beer list is still pretty decent. About five craft taps at reasonable prices. I saw a few burgers come out of the kitchen and they looked great.
Bottom line: I enjoyed my visit, and I would certainly go again. Still, the food by the same owner over at Audrey Claire seems to have a bit more of a flair and is a byob to boot.I've been here twice now. Once for an impromptu dinner and last night for their Valentine's Day prix fixe menu. 
The ambiance here is great. It's both casual and upscale; perfect for date night or happy hour drinks. The menu is typical New American - there's a lot of interesting flavor combinations and options to choose from. I highly recommend the pork chop. Twenty Manning knows their meats. 
The Valentine's Day menu was a little underwhelming. The first course was a sampler of a few appetizers, one of which was an oyster shooter that didn't sit well with either of us. For the second course, we both chose the lamb lollipop which was fantastic (like I said, they know their meats). Third course, I ordered the butternut squash ravioli and it had really great flavor. As far as dessert, the strawberry cheesecake is DIVINE - we had a sampler as the final course and this was by far our favorite.
If you're looking for a great place for a first date, dinner with the parents or drinks with coworkers, this is your spot.This place is just okay. The service was fine, but a little slow and the drinks were all right. What really go to me was the food. The food was just mediocre and was uninspired. Enough to make me never feel the need to go back. Will head to one of the hundreds of restaurants near by with delicious food and drinks next time.The food and longtime chef is as great as it's always been. But our server clearly needs proper training - a big guy with ring nose, total knucklehead and clueless. Clears plates while others are still eating. Reaches his dirty/smelly arm right in front of my face to grab a dining partners finished plate, while I'm putting food in mouth. Slow with the drinks. Attempts to remove olive oil without asking while we're still eating bread. Did the same thing 10 minutes later with the butter. Also, the table must not have been properly wiped down - it was sticky and slimy. Also, no fresh ground pepper offered for salads or entries - had to track down server both times to get pepper. Hoping this dude is an anomaly, because we've been eating here since they opened well over 10 yrs ago, and never had a numskull like this joker.Came here last night for the BFs birthday dinner. My plan was to find a restaurant with sufficient menu items and a good bar. With Osteria, Barbuzzo and Allspina in the run. My indecisiveness landed me to open my opentable app and pick the first restaurant that popped up with my intended reservation time. 
Twenty Manning Grill Won. 
In the Rittenhouse area of Philly. Cool, church and hip. It was very busy for a Friday night. Buzzing actually. We arrived 15 mins early and figured we'd wait around before our intended time but they seated us immediately. Long line for those who didn't have a reservation. Dim lighting,some music  but who cares it was def noise from convos all over. The bar was HOPPING. The bartenders were moving at lightening speed. The interior is white, yellow with wood. Very nice. 
Our server Katelynn greeted us with a smile and some bottled water. She explained what the special was. She came back with a bag of warm bread and Rosemary butter. The bread was Rosemary as well and would've been better if it were sliced. The butter was just salted with rosemary sprigs on top. Not compound or anything. Eh. Didn't care for it. The bread was very heavy with rosemary it was good but a sweeter butter would've complimented it well. 
We ordered drinks. Me- Peach Bellini and the BF- White Cosmo we also ordered Deviled Egg Appetizers. 
Drinks: Took a bit to come. My peach Bellini was prosecco with white peach pure. I didn't care for it. Maybe the bartenders were tired by the time my drink order came. The peach sat at the bottom and prosecco at the top.. Came in a flute glass. For $11 not worth the price. BF loved his drink. Vodka, white grapefruit juice and elderflower liqueur. It was strong and flavorful. Next time I'm getting his drink. 
Deviled Eggs were supposed to have smoked paprika and a scallion confit on top. Ours however, was accompanied with a radish and a dusting of paprika.  So it tasted like regular boiled eggs. Pretty disappointing. 
Main course: We decided to have apps for dinner. BF ordered the Fish Tacos and I ordered the crispy spicy calamari. Added $3 to turn it into a 'salad'. 
The fish tacos were okay. 2 tacos for $14. Guacamole was a tbsp with two mini tortilla chips. It wasn't something he'd order again and I didn't care for them. 
My "salad" was supposed to have fried spinach, fried cherry peppers, romaine and bean sprouts. It was also supposed to be spicy. What I received was 4/5 pieces of baby calamari barely any salad, no spicy tartar sauce and it was rather small size wise for $14. 
So for 3 appetizers and 2 drinks our check came up to $70. Pretty lackluster. Could've went to Chipotle for a better meal. 
All in all if I return here it'll probably be for happy hour.After hearing all the hype for Twenty Manning over the past year, we finally made our way over to it - and I think my only disapointment was that I did not go sooner.
The service was great- I was an idiot and booked my Friday reservation for a Thursday. I called them and they were able to squeeze us in for 7pm on a Friday. 
We arrived at 7pm and were promptly seated. Started off with the Moules Frites (Mussels with French Fries)  - delicious! They came seperately whcih we were not expecting...the broth for the mussels was amazing and we soaked up all the bread at the table with it!
The fries were served in a basket with a dipping sauce- highly recommend!!
For an entree- I got the tuna- cooked to perfection- all the flavors in it worked perfectly together. My boyfriend ordered the Beef Sirloin Noodles. They were geat- but our only complaint was that it could have used some more lime or cilantro to enhance the flavor just a bit more- but thats just our preference. 
We also had 2 drinks each...all were very unique and amazing! 
Overally, very impressed and can't wait to go back.I was at the original Twenty Manning a couple of times before they changed.  I wasn't sure about the new Twenty Manning Grill, but thought to give it a shot.  It was a pleasant surprised.  
The menu has a good variety and a full bar with specialty cocktails.  The romaine salad is good (though could use a little more dressing)...make sure to ask for the white anchovies.  The lettuce is really fresh.  The ahi burger is delicious; get it cooked rare.  Can definitely taste the soy and ginger.  Didn't get dessert, but saw someone get the strawberry shortcake, and it looked very tempting. 
Overall was very happy.  Will be back.I was in love with the burger at the old Twenty Manning: it was juicy, big, and topped with a delicious assortment of pickled vegetables. Unique and fabulous. 
So I was optimistic about trying the new Twenty Manning -- after all, it had closed and re-opened only to become a complete American Fare establishment, right? The burgers could only have gotten better!
Well, I was wrong. My fiance and I were so under-whelmed that rather than stay for dessert, we decided to get a pint of Ben & Jerry's from the 7-11 down the street and eat it in Rittenhouse Square. Sad. 
Our burger was not only tiny (SADNESS!), but we'd asked for it medium and what we got was a well-done, dry, lame and generally  unflavorful patty atop an un-inspired bun. We were recommended to top the burger with the cheese and bacon at $2 per topping. These did absolutely nothing to enhance this forgettable burger, sorry!
The shoestring fries served alongside were sparse, unoriginal, and left me hungry. This is a kid's meal.
The only good part of the meal were the little hot rye bread loaves that are given to you at the start with some butter. Otherwise, we had a salad that isn't worth reporting about either. 
My guess is that you should come here for drinks only, save your night out to dinner for another more worthy restaurant.After trying out Twenty Manning last night, we found the decor to be lovely and the service to be dismal. After the hostess seated us by a table of loud children, it took our server 10 minutes just to stop by and ask what drinks we wanted. This was done with no apology for the delay, no greeting, and no smile. She stalked off to order our drinks and in the meantime, a pleasant manager filled our water glasses. The bartender made our drinks in a reasonable amount of time (we saw them sitting at the bar from our table), yet our server repeatedly walked by them. By the time she finally brought our drinks to us, we had already made dinner reservations elsewhere. We downed our drinks, paid for them, and left. I understand that the restaurant is casual, but if you're expecting an acceptable place for a date, this is not it.Nice place with a very warm, friendly ambiance that is actually very reasonably priced, taking into consideration the location and quality of food! Our waitress was very pleasant and made the experience wonderful. We'll definitely be back!It looks really cute in here and when you walk in you think it's going to be a hit, but overall the food and drinks were not great. I wish it all tasted better because I thought the restaurant/bar was adorable. DisappointingExtremely disappointing.  We went on New Year's Eve to find our waitress was serving us while quite inebriated (leading to her forgetting to refill drinks and slur her words while speaking to us) and food that was sub-par at best for a final bill of $180 for two people.
WORST OF ALL, the restaurant changed my tip after we left.  Because I was so displeased with the service, I tipped 10%, only to find a 20% tip had been charged to my credit card.
WILL NEVER RETURN OR RECOMMEND TO ANYONE ELSE.  BEWARE!!!I love the neighborhood feel and I've spent many hours at the bar on a cool evening enjoying the breeze but the food is average...its dry, particularly the chicken.  Audrey Claire's is pretty great.Originally had a reservation to their sister restaurant audrey Claire across he street. After waiting at audrey Claire for over 20 minutes beyond our reservation with our large party hovering over other diners we had to leave as we didn't see any tables clearing up . We were disappointed and just wanted a restaurant that had open tables . We had brought 7 bottles of wine because audrey Claire was a byo. We explained what happened to the hostess and asked if a corkage fee would apply . She said that audrey Claire was their sister restaurant but unfortunately a 35$ fee per bottle would apply. We started to walk out when the manager got wind of the situation and said he would waive the fees and apologized for the long wait at the sister restAurant.
We then proceeded to have a very good meal and the waitstaff were very helpful in salvaging our evening . I highly recommend the steak tartare it is one of the better versions I've ever had! Also the fried calamari with hot peppers A+!I LOVE Twenty Manning! I've been here numerous times. It's one of the few restaurants I always come back to. Their wasabi cream cheese is ridiculously good, their drinks are amazing. This is the perfect little restaurant for a romantic night out in Philly. 
I can't wait to go back!I had been to Twenty Manning once many years ago...and my recollection was that the food was delicious and innovative, the decor was edgy, and the staff was competent.  Now, after what must have been a management and chef shakeup, I find the food is competent, the decor is boring, and the staff are edgy.  
Moreover, where there used to be just a bar, now you have a 'sports bar' complete with 60" TV, beer-guzzling Philadelphians and their cosmo-pounding girlfriends.
In their defense, the staff didn't try to rush us even though it was 'Restaurant Week',  and our meals were good and reasonably priced.I've passed this place a few times since moving into the graduate hospital area and thought I would try it out finally this past Easter Sunday. We walked in without reservations which was great and were given the option to sit at any of the 2-seat tables.
Decided on some drinks from their nicely sized cocktail list. They had about 5 beers on draft.
For dinner I had their pan seared scallops. The plate came with 3 average sized scallops served on a HEAPING pile of spinach. After finishing the scallops in 6 bites (they were great), i decided to try the spinach. It was as bland as it looked. Nothing special, but there was definitely no shortage of it.
My girlfriend had the magherita pizza. Her first response to eating the pizza was, "its so wet." As she picked up the slice, tons of liquid poured off of it. Still i must admit, the pizza was still decent and a nice portion for what they called a "Snack."
All and all, a nice ambient place for a Sunday night dinner to wind down a long weekend. They have a really diverse but still semi-pricey menu. Would go back for drinks and "snacks" again.Overall: great experience but a few things could have been better given how expensive it is. Came with my parents who were visiting for the weekend.
Apps: ordered calamari and cheese plate. The calamari was fantastic - had a spicing that I've never seen paired with calamari before and it was great. The cheese plate had a nice spread with fruit, crackers, honey, and cheese, but sadly the 3 cheeses were disappointing.
Mains: Scottish Salmon: absolutely amazing, perfectly cooked, with a beet sauce that really added a nice flavor. Yellowtail Tuna: great flavor but was cooked almost all the way through - really more medium than seared. A bit of a waste for such a good quality fish. Ravioli: the only true disappointment of the night - literally three large ravioli on a plate. No sauce, no garnish, and pretty tasteless. How can you charge $20 for that??
Good service, great fish, but the ravioli needs to be taken off the menu.Love it here now that the menu and decor have been changed. Great drinks, the tuna burger is delicious. Also a fan of the roast chicken and pork chop. The food is classic American with very little twist. Service is occasionally dicey but very satisfied with the rest. Prices are very reasonable for the location and ambiance.This is one of our favorite neighborhood haunts because its great for dinner with friends or just a nightcap at the bar. Great burgers, sashimi grade tuna and great desserts all round out a New American menu filled with variety. The mixed drink menu is constantly changing, but you can always ask for a drink that is no longer listed and they'll make it for you.
I am particularly indebted to TMG for introducing me to the tom olive martini,  which has permanently replaced the standard martini (at least when I'm tending bar for myself).Yelp should have a "food poisoning" click-button. Avoid the burger unless you enjoy throwing up.I was a big fan of the original 20 manning so I was reluctant to try to renovated place for fear that I was endorsing a change of what I considered a great neighborhood place.
I was pleasantly surprised to find that the new joint keeps everything good about the old, while getting rid of what was arguably the pretentious aspects of the first incarnation.
We had a few different cocktails, all delicious (try the passion fruit TMG mojito).  The dinner came with some of the best warm rye rolls I've ever had.  I had the pork chop, which was huge and cooked perfectly (no small feat given the size and tendency for them to dry out.)
All in all an excellent meal.  I guess this just shows that change is good.Really enjoyed going back to this place after at least 10 years.  It appears that it was renovated in that time and its beautiful.  The menu is classic with so many items that I wanted, I had a tough time choosing.  Ultimately we ended up with the deviled eggs, crispy phylllo shrimp, fish tacos and calamari salad.  The calamari salad was good but I'm not sure I would order it again but the other items were so delicious, especially the fish tacos.  I am giving this place 5 stars for location, decor, menu selection and food.  A classic and classy Philly restaurant.Audrey, even though I don't actually know you, I will write to you as though I do.  This is what I expected from you (refer to Audrey Claire Yelp by me.)  I don't know where to begin.  Chop-chop salad: very good and fresh; although not truly a "chopped" salad since the lettuce wasn't chopped, it was delicious and a good size/value.  The pork chop!  Come to 20-manning for this and everything else is just a bonus.  It has a delicious glaze with figs on it.  Have you ever noticed how pork (despite the various pejorative expressions) is actually a fairly lean meat?  This means it is easy to dry out if not cooked properly.  You won't find that problem in this establishment.  The service was impeccable with friendly and pleasant staff.  The host could have sat us in a better table, but he was just doing his job.  The noise level is high, with harsh echos and unforgiving angles- though there were several large groups in attendance.  The bar crowd is nice and generally innocuous.  Highly recommended and deserves to be frequented.  Another bonus is a full menu late-night, a rare treat in Philly.  P&K has sadly lost pretty much every competition with 20-manning.
Keep up the good work and great food! Fairly solid wine selection.
JonWent here last night, recommended by our daughter who lives in the neighborhood. A fun, energetic vibe, restaurant was full. Had a great table near the window, terrific service. Food was very good, nice light chopped salad, Bison burger were very good. Others had the beef noodles, another burger, and the pork chop, which my wife loved. Good wine selection, not too expensive.  Good neighborhood place, upscale casual, a little noisy but that's not a bad thingI went to Twenty Manning for dinner to catch up with my former boss, not because there was anything that had particularly appealed to me from its menu or the Yelp reviews, but because my boss and I had both wanted to cross it off our Philly dining scene bucket list. And the sentiment on the other side of the experience is equally indifferent. It was a fine dinner, but I wasn't overly impressed.
Because I was hoping for something lighter, I ordered the Chop Chop Salad as an entree. Before anyone points their finger and says that's where I went wrong, I want to just assert that the server told me of all their salads, the chopped salad is best suited to be an entree. Besides, I added salmon to it. 
The salad itself was wonderful. Great blend of flavors and textures from the corn, cucumbers, and gala apples. The herb-citrus toss was also wonderfully light but flavorful. It was the salmon that disappointed. It was dry, and I always take off a star for dry salmon. It became one of those rare situations when I actually thought the salad would've been better without the protein.
For dessert, I got the famous half-baked Toll House cookie. It was undeniably delicious, but nothing completely mind-blowing or original. The only real wow factor, I suppose, was the portion size. I will not lie to you and say that I did not eat the whole thing in that sitting. I was feeling particularly victorious and wholesome after that delicious salad and dry salmon.
In any case, Twenty Manning Grill wasn't a let-down, but it also wasn't a restaurant that I'd be gushing over to my friends. I agree with other reviewers that if you're just sauntering over because the line at Audrey Claire's is too long, stay faithful and get your wandering eye in check. You will be glad you did.What more can you ask for? This place has great martinis, great cucumber cocktails, delicious food, and a wonderful ambiance. I really love the atmosphere here and the staff is super friendly. 
If you want a burger, go for the seared ahi tuna burger. Its fantastic. The martinis are served with Tom Olives, an interesting spin to a traditional martini. 
Overall, this place is as good as it gets. I've been here for late night drinks and for dinner... it hasn't disappointed me yet.We came here for Restaurant Week 2010 in September....and I must say...It was absolutely a great choice.
We sat on the internet for a few hours picking which restaurants peaked our interests until we decided that this would be our choice.
The first course was mediocre. I had the gazpacho and my boyfriend had the calamari salad, which was oversalted....by a lot.
We shared the scallop dish and the pork tenderloin dish for our main course and were not disappointed!!! Each flavor on the plate complimented something on the dish! We were very impressed.
The desserts were delicious and the service was decent as well.
We will be returning at some point!!! :)Overpriced, small bar, and their AC is shoddy.  I was sweating the whole time.
While their outdoor misters looked cool, there was already so much moisture in the air from the humidity I really didn't want to go near them and risk my perfectly coiffed hair *
*j/k it looked terrible and i didn't want it to look worse.Very pleasantly surprised by Twenty Manning. I liked this place WAY more than its sister restaurant, Audrey Claire. The food was much better, the service was way friendlier and the atmosphere was much more chill/relaxed (plus, the full bar doesn't hurt, either). 
The goods: veal ossu bucco (Fri special), mussels (love that it actually tasted like mussels vs butter sauce) and bison burger (so tasty and juicy, yet def not as fatty-tasting as regular beef burgers). 
Portions are huge, so beware when ordering apps vs. entrees. We ordered a salad, mussels, veal and burger, and could barely touch the veal given the size of the other dishes. Really great spot, def a must-try for HH.I had dinner here yesterday with a friend and our food was hardly edible. She got the veggie curry dish and I got the sirloin noodle dish. My food was very bland and my friend's rice was uncooked. The only reason to go back is that its close by.I came here for dinner on a date while visiting Philly.  The cocktails, food, and service were all great.  We hadn't made a reservation (we were originally going to the sister restaurant) but stopped in for a drink, and then were seated quickly.  I loved the names of the cocktails!  The beet salad was AMAZING.Very nice place: a comfortable pleasant interior; decent menu selection and food was prepared very well; reasonable price for the quality; upbeat atmosphere, a bit on the noisy side but not too bad; varied and reasonably priced wine selection; very good service.  Food is solid but not flashy or precious.  Appropriate for "date nite" (although maybe not quite "major anniversary dinner").  Also worked well for me for a casual alternative for a business dinner where I wanted someplace with good food, and more moderate prices and higher energy than my business dinner usual suspects.I really loved this place. I found it from the original restaurant week list earlier in the year. I went with some friends and we really enjoyed the food and drinks that it provided. The atmosphere is more of a mature crowd but it was still very nice and clean. I'm excited to come back when it's warm out. 
Our server gave us a treat because the wait was so long for the entree.I would love to give Twenty Manning 5 stars but after last night they have definitely lost a star in my book. I've been Twenty Manning a handful of times and have had a wonderful experience each time. The food is always delicious and the service is always on point. Last night I decided to go back and ordered the Spaghetti Bolognese while my friend ordered the Organic Chicken. Both plates were spectacular! For dessert we ordered the Tool House cookie and even though it was great I noticed that they decreased the portion size but maintained the price! That doesn't even make sense! The ice cream scoop was almost the same size as the tiny cookie! Charging $7 for that is just ludicrous! Bring back the original plate and stop being so cheap! 
My biggest complaint for the night was the service. It started off great our waiter was great but then all of a sudden he disappeared. He took away our food and never came back. My friend and I waited about 10 minutes in hopes that he would come back with a dessert menu or something but we got nothing. I'm not sure what happened but it would have been nice if someone came to explain or apologize. Eventually we hailed over a random waiter and asked him for the rest of our order but the whole situation was just odd. 
My experience from last night wouldn't deter me from going back to Twenty Manning because I love it so much but it did leave me with a bad impressionThis review is for happy hour on a Sunday night in the summer with the windows open. (During the regular season this restaurant is way to loud.) Bartender made excellent drinks, described the food very well, and was overall helpful and friendly. The bar food was ample and tasty. Overall, an enjoyable experience.
Update: I've been back several times and really enjoyed it. The last time it was closed for a private party on a Friday night. Very disappointed. I would still go there but call ahead to make sure it's open.The best time to see a restaurant at its best and at an affordable rate is restaurant week in Philadelphia. With list in hand this is my first stop! A three-course dinner is offered for $35 during restaurant week, it makes a great value especially at a restaurant such as this. Many restaurants in the area have a pretty pricey menu . We were greeted and seated promptly by very friendly and helpful server. Upon being seated we were immediately given water without being asked, the wine and beer list was gone over, some seasonal options were mentioned as well. I went with the seasonal beer that had a citrus flavor. The server went over the beer I ordered but he did not necessarily recommend as he hadn't tried it. I appreciated the honesty,  in the end I really enjoyed the beer. The menu choices were  gone over in detail, suggestions made and questions were answered. Again the server was completely honest with what he had tried and what he preferred versus what was not a favorite for him. Before receiving our three courses we were given bread with olive oil and butter as choices.
I started with the scallop ceviche which was very good and nicely presented. Next up I had the grilled pork chop with figs and grilled brussels sprouts great presentation and absolutely delicious! The dessert sampler, I wasn't too pleased with the three choices were very small corners of baked goods that weren't necessarily pleasant in the presentation or taste. The service was engaging friendly and prompt. I will visit this restaurant again at a later date!Both service and food left a lot to be desired. On numerous occasions I had to flag down a waitress for service and we were seated for close to an hour before our food order was taken. 
I got the duck for my entree and it was definitely a regrettable decision. It lacked flavor, portion, and was served over a bed of dry salad. For dessert, I ordered the tiramisu and it was very bland- a common theme of my meal.
All in all, I wouldn't go back for anything besides a drink or a burger.Ordered their Steaks Frites.  Literally one of the best steaks Ive ever had.  When I visit Philly, Imma eat HERE every DAY!!I would post a zero if allowed. We showed up at 6 to put our name on the list and was told the wait was an hour and a half. We called at 7 and was told another half hour again at 7:30 was told 8. We showed up at 845 and they told we were no longer on the list. I then asked to speak to the manager and was repeatedly told the manager was busy. Needless to say twenty manning grill will never get my or my wife's business. Worst managed restaurant in the city.This food was great!! Went with two friends and I loved my meal as well as theirs. The atmosphere is adorable-- especially on a gorgeous fall day with the windows open and a light breeze! the "Jalepeno bliss" I think it was called was a drink that was SO delicious. This place would have been a 5 star it it wasn't for the staff. Luckily, they weren't able to spoil it for us, but literally everyone from the hostess to the bartender  and a little less so ...our waitress had such an attitude.
I had the pork belly ( which was okay), the salmon... SPECTACULAR.... and tollhouse cookie dessert was my favorite!This is the first place that we had a formal meal while visiting Philadelphia and afterwards, we were so happy that I selected it. They offer a unique and delicious menu. The waiter was knowledgeable and helped make our experience there even better.I'd probably give the Grill 3 1/2 stars. We did have a lovely evening, although the service was a little slow. I enjoyed my cocktail. The food was good but not great - we happened to be there during restaurant week which I typically don't like as the dishes becomes more mechanical than thoughtful. The decor was lovely. We'll go again to try something not so prescribed.The food was good. Run of the mill American fair, everything was well prepared and well presented. Nothing stuck out as amazing or doing something different. The service was lack luster it took a very long time for a server to greet us and long time between his visits to the status of our drinks or meal. I would recommend this place if you are looking for a decent meal without anything special.I should have paid closer attention to Lauren L.'s review. We were craving burgers on Saturday and remembered Twenty Manning. I'd only been here once before, and was underwhelmed by the food enough not to come back, but not enough to hold a grudge. And the service had been fantastic. Since it was supposed to be "reimagined", I figured it'd be safe to give it another try.
We walked in around 5pm. The place was basically empty: there were three tables filled and a few people at the bar. We were seated at a very small bench table, which didn't make much sense considering the nicer window seats available with more room, but we were too hungry to be picky.
Our perky waitress appeared a minute later to plunk down the menus, and we both opted to start with mojitos, which are a little light on the booze (and I'm not big on overdoing the liquor) but very fresh and refreshing.
The waitress came back and asked whether we were ready to order. I asked what the specials were, since she hadn't mentioned any, and she just pointed to the weekly special on the menu. All it said was "lobster roll." Ok, fair enough: I asked what it came with, in terms of sides, and she looked at me like I was an idiot and said, "It's lobster, sort of a mayo sauce, and a roll. About this big." Um. Not what I asked. At $19 for mayo salad on a roll, you can at least tell me if it comes with fries.
We got the crabcakes and gazpacho as appetizers to share; I went with a turkey burger (and the $2 add-on of a slice of cheddar cheese) and my gf went with the tuna burger.
I can't complain about the appetizers. The crab cakes were tender and not overly full of filler, though they were only about 2" in diameter--fine for an appetizer but again, at $9.50, you'd think they could be a little bigger. The gazpacho was good, with a very tasty pineapple-basil sorbet floating in it. The gazpacho itself had an interesting combination of jalapenos and Thai bird peppers: just enough to tingle, but I'm not sure I really wanted the spice in a gazpacho. It ends up reading a little too much like salsa when it's missing strong cucumber and fresh pepper notes, which this one was.
Our water didn't get refilled and our appetizer dishes didn't get cleared before the runner came out with the mains: our waitress was nowhere to be seen. My gf dove into her burger, which she said was moist but not very flavorful. I was hopeful about mine. It came on a very flimsy brioche bun (a thicker one might stand up better to fillings) but looked good, with as much color as one can expect on a turkey burger without turning it into a cardboard puck.
I couldn't even pick up the burger, because everything kept falling off: the bun was just too small and far, far too floppy. I'm used to messy foods, so I put on my game face and tried to saw at my burger with (butter)knife and fork. It was an exercise in futility: I might as well have been sawing at a piece of cowhide with a blunted spoon. I managed to saw off a small corner piece and gave it a try. The first chew was pure salt: I worked my way through it and got some encouraging good-quality-turkey flavor, but then hit the texture: dense, hard, and very difficult to get over. I almost never send anything back to the kitchen, but this was unpalatable.
No worries, I thought. My waitress will come by, and I'll just get a salad instead, or something along those lines.
Five minutes went by. Ten. Fifteen. Twenty. Our waitress bustled back and forth seven or eight times, without so much as making eye contact or glancing at the table. My gf was done with her meal; our waitress was chatting with her fellows at the end of the room. The restaurant still wasn't full.
Finally, after about 25min during which nobody even asked if everything was ok (clearly not, judging by the uneaten food) she finally came by to clear the plates and only when she had the plate with my untouched (save for a sawed-off corner) burger did she bother to ask, half-turning away, whether something was the matter.
I kept my cool; I don't want to be the asshole making a fuss, even after sitting there with a growling stomach while my server ignores me. I said that unfortunately the burger was too dense and salty. She looked from the burger to me, and said, "I'll see if we can do anything about it." You'll see IF you can do anything about it? Come on, that's just bad form. The manager did come over a couple minutes later, and I once more explained. She was very nice, asked if I wanted anything else (at this point, no) and took the burger off the bill. Our waitress came by to ask if we wanted anything else, while practically throwing the bill on the table. I've had better service at highway rest stops.
Save your money and go elsewhere. In retrospect, we should have just gone to Monk's. Value for dollar was already poor, but the service really makes this place terrible, and a big step down from what it was before its overhaul.There's just something about this place. It was overall a fantastic experience. Everything from the food, ambiance, service, and decor was pleasantly subtle and not overstated. But the collection of all the above gave for a great evening with my friends. When you put together 3 guys that all met in college, we tend to always way over order and need an uber to make it home 2 blocks away. The food was full of flavor but didn't give us that overbearing full-on food coma. Service was attentive but not pestering. Decor was calming and enriching at the same time. Overall, can't wait to go back.I have to start off this review by saying the service here is impeccable.  
However, the food - I was underwhelmed.  I had the gazpacho.  It was OK - nothing noteworthy or exciting, but for 6 bucks for soup you would expect a little "WOW."  Like I said underwhelming.  Also the dollop of sorbet they through in - not a good idea - to me at least.  I mean I get your point (if there is one ;) but I think you should have went with something like frozen cream or something zesty and spicey or? 
The salted rye bread - AMAZING.  And I hate rye bread.  
Next up was the burger.  Again. Boring and flavorless.  And dry!  Yuck.   Disappointing.  
But I have to say the waitstaff there worked together like a precision time piece.   I was impressed.  Even if they hated each other you would never know it.  
The bathroom was very clean.  
Also way too loud.The fabulous, albeit slightly messy, homemade veggie burger has disappeared from the menu!  It's inferior replacement?  An equally messy, less original roasted veggie sandwich.
A soggy pizza here, a forgotten appetizer there, each visit gets slightly worse than the last.  I'm ready to keep TMGrill as a good cocktail staple with a great location, but nothing more.We had a very nice time, though I'd say that was more the company than the location. The mussel appetizer was delicious and more than ample for two. I had the veggie stir fry, it was good, if a bit too salty. I sampled my date's mushroom ravioli, (note that mushrooms are my fave vegetable) he didn't find fault with it, but I thought it was a little bland. Service was decent, mostly left us on our own (which I prefer), but were available when we needed them. A strange thing happened when we were delivered another table's appetizer. Before we realized it wasn't bread or something, the server had left. We flagged down another one to let them know we hadn't ordered it. He said he'd check to see what to do, a minute later came back and took them away. A few minutes later we saw  they were later delivered to correct table... Odd.Went there for dinner on a Tuesday with a good friend of mine
Things I enjoyed:
- The service! Everyone was super friendly, my glass was constantly full, all questions were answered, etc. Someone had mentioned in another review about walking in and being asked if we had a reservation, and their reply of "no problem" . That happened, but it was more of a check I think , for us at least
- The food! Their bread is delicious! :) I had the mac & cheese (Tuesday special) and it was fantastic! It was so filling and so absolutely wonderful. Tasty and comfort-foody in all the right ways!  The bread crumbs were toasty and crunchy and the peas added a little bit of a sweet pop.
   My friend had the veggie burger and loved it. 
PS the shoestring fries were very nicely done.
- Outdoor seating... I loved where we sat, plenty of space and it was nice outside! I was worried service would slow or we'd be forgotten, but no such deal...
- Draft selection. I love beer. I love Dock Street Rye IPA. :) Their other choices were good too! I just love IPAs the best.
Things I did not like as much:
- The chocolate cake. It just wasn't anything special. :/ A little too dry, a little too sweet. 
I would definitely go back and try some other sides/foods. It was a great experience and I want to go on a Monday and get the hotdog (A friend told me it was delicious!) or a Saturday for the Lobster potpie.I have been here a couple times and usually come with friends for drinks/appetizers/dessert and I am always pleased with the quality of the food. Not to mention the ambiance is great. They have a nice selection of wine and their calamari is yum-o! The manager always makes sure to stop by and see how we are doing so 5 stars on food and service - that is hard to do at any restaurant, but not here! Oh, and don't forget to order the half baked toll house cookie, oh my goodness, don't have words to describe this decadent dessert!Lots of wood and white
Hearty meals for most budgets
Beautiful late nights
I'm very up in the air on Twenty Manning; one one side, it has a great atmosphere, a beautiful interior and a super friendly staff. On the other, aspects of the menu and quality are frustrating. It's worth the experience for sure, just don't expect five stars.
It's a great place to grab a few beers and a selection of starters at a sidewalk table when you're on the tail end of a warm summer evening but not quite ready to head home yet. It seems like after the typical dinnertime, this turns into a lounge with a few sports fans cheering on the late games.
Indoors, it's so clean and tidy, it's striking from the moment you walk in. Wood floors, white tin roof and windows everywhere except the bar and bathroom. It's a little loud with all the windows closed but not so loud it impairs conversation entirely; a mixed atmosphere somewhere between sports lounge and restaurant.
If you can, start with drinks at the bar. There's a single television to catch a ballgame, but finding a seat may prove difficult. Fortunately they have a rail bar that's nearly as comfortable as the big boy seats. Their beer selection rotates, with a small selection of drafts and 10 or so bottles. There's not a great deal of variety, as some of it is taken up by Amstel, Blue Moon, etc., but there's just enough to choose from if you're picky.
They also have a decent cocktail menu, but drink fast; all three of the drinks we got were served in tall glasses filled with ice, gaining watered down status in moments. They cater more heavily to the clear liquor crowd, but the Goldheaded Ben featuring rye is decent enough.
For apps, we opted for the margherita pizza and a few pickles. The pizza dough and crust were delicious, but the sauce was fairly bland. No discernible flavor in any particular direction other than standard 'eh, tomato.' The pickles were crisp and fresh, and definitely worth the pennies they cost if you're looking for a quick crunch.
The entres were well received from everyone with whom I went, in particular the half roasted organic chicken. It was about as moist as any chicken I've had, and the accompanying mashed potatoes were delicious. Disappointing was the bison burger, which came out closer to well than medium rare as requested. It was pretty dry as well, even considering how thick it was.
The presentation from the kitchen has a simple, somewhat rustic style with lots of brown and white. The bread comes in a brown paper bag, and the burgers come on a slab of wood instead of a plate.
The menu has everything from $11 to $25, which makes it fairly accessible on most budgets.
Overall, there were a few things that kept this from being a top flight experience for me. The watery drinks, smaller than average bottle selection, bland sauce and overcooked burger all added up to an experience I wouldn't turn down, but would likely not recommended as high as other places close by.The original Twenty Manning was never the poshest hangout, never had the best service, and never wowed me with the food, so I was optimistic that when they shut down they might truly re-invent themselves.  Unfortunately, this restaurant, much like Snack Bar down the way, mostly capitalizes on its great location and slick interior to bring people in for a what is mostly a lackluster culinary experience.  
Admittedly, if you want to watch old men ogle pretty twenty-somethings, you will be happy here.  It is definitely a scene, and you won't be disappointed if you are stopping in for drinks or some nightlife.  But the rest of the experience is spotty: the hostess was snooty, yet the wait service was perfect.  The menu is an improvement, but still lacks soul and is un-inspired.  One of the mains dishes we ordered was at least okay, while the other was...not.  And while going with a white paint scheme inside and out is dramatic change (and improvement) from before, the decor is trendy without actually being thoughtful.  The space feels cold and cramped, and for God's sake: get rid of the TV over the bar!!!Came with some friends for Restaurant Week. We were immediately seated with our reservation and they let us sit down while we waited for the other couple to come. I ordered the Atticus Finch drink upon recommendation from the waitress and while I normally do not drink whiskey, it was great! The drink was also warm and unexpected, but it was sweet with honey and everything just mixed well together. Great Drink! I ordered the scallop ceviche which was delicious. I love anything with avocado and it was not too limey. For the entree, I ordered the pork chop which was delicious and cooked perfectly! I normally don't prefer pork, however I saw it on another diner's table and just knew I had to get it. They also had a beef sirloin noodle dish which resembles the popular Vietnamese vermicelli noodle dish with fish sauce. For dessert, they gave a sampler of a cookie cupcake with ice cream, chocolate cake, cheesecake, and strawberry. My favorite was the cookie cupcake. I forget the formal name for it, but I highly recommend!! I wish I could have replaced the other desserts with more of this! 
Service was what you would expect at a restaurant. Friendly, prompt, and attentive. I also really like the decor inside which is very clean and bright. They also had a TV at the bar. 
Great place! Prices are also reasonable when it is not Restaurant Week!Always a great vibe!  It's one of those places where it's a great option for a business meeting, catching up with friends or a romantic dinner.  Their menu has something for everyone.  The wedge salad is excellent.  I'm not a fan of bleu cheese but this dish is irresistible.  Another winner is Rack of Lamb as well as the bone-in pork chop.  I wish they would bring the wedge fries!  They were delicious and unique!  The shoestring fries are just blah.  The old recipe half-bake cookie was perfect.  The new iteration of this classic dessert is too thick.  It's almost cake-like.  Otherwise this is a great option!Not only is this restaurant delicious, but it is completely nut-free. I am deathly allergic to nuts. I am from New York and come here as much as I can, including every birthday! I cannot wait to try their other restaurant, which is also nut-free. I wish there was something like it in NY. Thank you!Went here for some drinks after the dinner. We found seats at the bar and had some wines with Artisan Cheeses. Blueberry cheese was amazing! I had a rose wine and it was ok. Some places are too loud to hear what my friends are talking, or too quite to talk a lot with friends, but Twenty Manning is definitely a good place for hanging out and chatting with friends!!We all know it, the feeling you get when you've found your new favorite restaurant. You want to come back the next day, and the day after that. You want to share it with everyone you know. That's what Twenty Manning Grill did for me just a week ago. 
An unassuming American Grill located near Rittenhouse, this restaurant has been on my radar for almost two years. No reason why, I just never checked it out before. Clearly my mistake. 
In a city where nearly every restaurant menu includes a cheese plate, Twenty Manning Grill stands apart with their well presented plate accompanied by plentiful fresh berries. After that came the scallop ceviche, one of the best I've ever encountered. Just when I thought things couldn't get any better... the waiter delivered heaven on a plate: the crispy duck confit. 
If you're searching for an affordable eatery that's sure to please most palates, be sure to check out Twenty Manning Grill.Very energetic and a bit noisy, but well presented food and absolutely fabulous cocktails... :-)
Last time we were there there were a few people with kids, which surprised us...  but overall a great place and very happening...
Would definitely recommend would return...love this place.  It has great food, awesome service and it is always fun on the weekends.  Also wander over to Audrey Claire across the street (their sister restaurant) which is also great!  Only open for dinner though for either place!Hands down, the best pork chop I've ever had! I didn't want to finish it for fear it would be gone. Excellent service on a Tuesday evening, mellow atmosphere, and plenty of privacy.If I could give 3.5 stars, I definitely would. My first visit to 20 Manning, I absolutely loved it! We ordered the pork chop and steak frites. They both were delicious. Warning: the pork chop was really sweet and the Brussels sprouts very buttery! After a few bites I wanted something to go with it that wasn't quite so rich, but that didn't stop me from eating more!
I came back for restaurant week and was a bit underwhelmed. The good: they had a huge restaurant week menu to choose from which is not very common. The appetizers we tried were great, particularly the tuna sashimi, crispy phyllo shrimp and the chop chop salad. 
When the entrees came, they just didn't quite live up to expectations. I ordered fish tacos, and they were pretty good, just a little bland. This seemed to be the consensus around the table. The food wasn't BAD, it was just lacking in flavor. I didn't try the ravioli, but those who did really enjoyed that. The dish is very small though (only 3 ravioli)!Went with a friend for restaurant week... amazing atmosphere and delicious food. 
Apps:
Crab cake: 3/5-- the only disappointing thing we had. It tasted delicious, but it was a lot of filler. 
Pork pot stickers: 4/5
Entree: 
Salmon: 5/5
Pork chop: 5/5-- the figs and honey topping with gorgonzola made this one of the best meals I have ever had!!
Dessert: 
They gave us the sampler. The cheesecake was delicious!
Overall, great service, great drinks, great meal!One of my favorite restaurants in Philly. Super cool atmosphere, elegant but not stuffy. It can get a little noisy, but that's part of the fun. Service is always on point and the food is delicious every time I've been. I definitely recommend the bison burger.Stopped into Twenty Manning when we found out the wait for tables at Audrey Claire's would be over an hour - that's my date's favorite restaurant in town, so there's no such thing as a plan B - but we loved their creative cocktails and their lime-heavy ceviche. (My favorite!)AMAZING!  I've never eaten here, after living in Philly for my whole life.  Outstanding decor, gorgeous presentation of the food, delicious incredible food.....and impeccable service.  Definitely will be back.
Keep up the good work!All of the reviews are right. Order the beef noodles. I liked them a lot. Then again, my girlfriend also really enjoyed her lamb and someone else at the table order the steak and was happy with his decision. In fact, everything was good. The restaurant probably deserved 4.5 stars, but since I enjoyed my meal, I'm rounding up.I wish there was an option to give this place zero stars.  I wasn't especially in love with the old Twenty Manning, but at least it was a good place to get drinks with friends.  This was my first visit to new version, and I will never go back.
One night after seeing the Philadelphia Orchestra, my wife and I decided to stop in to get a drink.  We told the hostess that we didn't want to get food, and asked if we could sit at a table.  It was 9:30 at night and there were plenty of open tables, so I seriously doubted that some new dinner patrons would be walking in, but in any event, she pointed us to this bar-ish area behind the bar that had some stools.  I wasn't crazy about that, but I figured it was no big deal for one or two drinks.  Little did I know...
Apparently no one wanted to serve us.  We sat there for 15 minutes at least just waiting for someone to come up and take our order.  We were both seriously confused on this issue because I had no idea if a waitress would come to us, or if I had to go to the bar.  Needless to say, no one explained that either.  Finally, just as I was getting up to go to the bar, a waitress comes up to us, completely oblivious that we had been waiting that long.  She takes our drink orders (beer for me, mango mimosa for my wife), and leaves.  We wait...and wait...and wait...and wait.  During this time that we're waiting, we see my wife's drink made and placed at the server's area by the bar.  We see our waitress running around everywhere, including the bar area several times, but never grabs that drink.  
Finally, just as we're about to leave, another waiter grabs our drinks, which had been waiting there for at least 20-30 min. and had gotten warm, and brings them to us, having finally noticed that they were sitting there.  After that, he was the one that checked on us and brought us our check.  Our second waiter was very apologetic, but the simple fact is that no one sitting in a bar area should ever have to wait that long to a) have their orders taken and b) wait for their drinks.  Maybe if they had comped my beer or my wife's drink, I'd be a little kinder, but we ended up paying for both.  Bottom line is that I'm never going back, either for drinks or for dinner.Great ambiance, delicious entrees, delightful customer service....what more can you ask for?  
My husband and I went out for date night and we had a great dining experience.  Local to Rittenhouse Square, it was close to home on a cold night.  Inside, it was warm and cozy.  Our waitress was attentive and helpful. My husband had the burger and polished it off before he touched the tasty french fries.  I had the veggie burger, which is not a veggie patty, but rather whole vegetables marinated and grilled (I believe) served like a burger.  It was amazing.  Portions are large and and quality is top notch.
Try it out!  I hope you enjoy it as much as we did!despite hearing mixed reviews about twenty manning grill, i actually had a great experience here. 
it is BUSY -- even on a thursday night with reservations, we still ended up waiting 20 minutes for our table. gorgeous interior design, at once both modern and homey with the wood paneling and tall white ceilings. space is a little tight, would've been nice to have a little more room between tables for personal conversation.
i regard twenty manning grill as the less adventurous sister of audrey claire. its menu is a lot less risky and doesn't change like its more nouveau american sibling. with that in mind, there are probably a lot of "average" items on the menu -- but choose wisely and your meal will delight.
BISON BURGER: LOVED IT. how can you not love bison cooked medium rare? could've used a LOT less gorgonzola, but that's personal preference because i'm not partial to blue cheese. shoestring fries are great to snack on -- nice and crispy, but not too thin so there's still substance in the potato.
PORK BELLY: again, who doesn't love fatty pork belly? i've always had my pork belly served hot off the grill, but this chilled dish was a refreshing change and reminded me of a carpaccio style appetizer.
SALMON: one of those "just average" dishes i mentioned. any decent american restaurant will serve salmon, so i wasn't dazzled by this (i also didn't order it). brussels sprouts were good though!
POCKETWATCH: jim bean devil's cut based cocktail. even asking to go easy on the syrup, it was still too sweet in my opinion. but hey that might appeal to you, i'm more of a whiskey purist so i would've gladly taken maker's on the rocks instead.The only word to describe this experience was underwhelming.  I live in the neighborhood and have walked by Twenty Manning quite often. I have always wanted to try their food because the menu always looked so good. The only thing worse than the bland, under-seasoned food was the rude hostess and the server who made it to our table maybe twice.  
I will say I have been here several months ago for drinks and the bartender was nice and the drinks were great. Overall my dining experience was disappointing and I will not be back.We ran in tonight running late for the Pet Shop Boys concert but hoped to score some quick food and drinks prior to the concert.  The place was hopping thanks to restaurant week but the polite hostess got us two bar stools quickly.  We ordered drinks, pot stickers and calamari salad which came out quickly and were absolutely delicious!   Every time I am here I think why don't I come here more often?  Great service, great food, cool space.  If you haven't been here you need to go.  Really!I went to Twenty Manning Grill last night as a part of Philly Restaurant Week. I am so glad that I went. First, when I walked up to the front of the restaurant, I could see that they had ample outdoor seating. Since I chose to dine al fresco, I didn't get to examine the inside decor much but from what I could see, the lighting was perfect and the seating comfortable. I chose the crab cake for my appetizer and it was great. It was seasoned well and the tarter sauce was a perfect complement. For my entree, I had the pan seared tuna which came with citrus-avocado salsa, wholegrain mustard & caper emulsion, and local micro greens. This was my first experience with tuna prepared  this way and it was delicious. Dessert was a sample plate of all of the restaurant's dessert offerings. I also chose their peach bellini for my drink. Overall I had a very enjoyable experience. I would definitely go back again.Made it back armed with a rue la la coupon for $50 worth of food and drinks with two friends.  We ordered a bottle of chenin blanc which paired really nicely with the mussels, mushroom ravioli, and beet salad that we ordered.  I chose the mussels and they were awesome, and also a great deal for $15.  It's a huge pot of mussels, with three pieces of garlic bread, and a cone of french fries.  The broth for the mussels was awesome, a little spicy, and well rounded in flavor.  We sat at a table that overlooked the windows so it also made for great people watching.Ate dinner at the bar and actually enjoyed their take on the old fashioned. The food was pretty good albeit slightly overdone. The bartender was attentive and personable. A little pricey compared to the quality of the food you get, but I would definitely go again.I've been to TMG several times as its a very short walk from my place.  This place is very versatile and appropriate for many occasions.  I've been here for drinks, dates, birthday dinners, and even business dinners.
It has a great atmosphere, especially in warmer weather when you can sit outside or inside with the windows open.  The food isn't going to blow you away, but it's very tasty.  The service is great and they are very detail oriented and quick.
I enjoy gooing here and I'm sure I'll be back in the future.Really standard American food, nothing creative, nothing unexpected. Not what I'd pay high prices for.Beautiful interior and great staff. The menu leans American with a bit of flare. Always a great choice.Hi folks, 
Decided to check Twenty Manning out on a Friday evening. I set reservations for 8:45 but couldn't get outdoor seating. A lot of people think this restaurant is full of pretentious snobs. Well.....it does have yellow leather couches and black and white pictures of Labradors on the wall. Lol. The customer demo here is very white and very upper middle class and it appeared as if EVERY table had a bottle of wine uncorked. But it's a smallish spot in Rittenhouse with some what of a buzz so that's not very surprising. Overall I rate this restaurant as 4 out of 5 stars. I've separated my opinion into Pros and Cons listed below:
Cons: 
*Interior Seating here is VERY tight. Speaking indiscriminately? Not an option, because your neighbors can hear everything you say. You literally "rub shoulders" almost. 
*It's very loud in Twenty Manning. You often have to shout while speaking to the person sitting across the table. This combined with the tight seating adds to the feeling of your privacy being invaded. 
*Pricing. Twenty Manning has perfected a weird balance of being affordable while simultaneously being expensive. The entrees are all under $30 for the most part which in my opinion is affordable. BUT......the positioning of the supplementary items
is such that you can order an appetizer  , two beers, and two burgers and receive a bill for $80 here. $20 burgers and $15 appetizers can deceptively add up....quickly. 
*Me and one of the servers got into a little snarky exchange over the virtues of black pepper vs. crushed red pepper. He won. So I felt a little salty for a couple of minutes(see what I did there). Anyway I didn't see him for the rest of the night so I guess he was the designated pepper expert.  (j/k)
Pros:
*You may have noticed that I didn't actually mention.....FOOD.....in the Cons section. 
*The Margherita Pizza was great. The crust was a little softer than I like, but that gave the sensation of it melting in your mouth so it's bearable. The cheese and basil were very fresh and delicious. 
*If you can eat shell fish I absolutely recommend the Moules Frites. The mussels are juicy, not briny, and delicious. Is there anything better than sucking a mussel out of it's shell when the shell is full of warm broth? This appetizer could seriously be a meal in itself as it comes with 20-30 mussels,  3 huge sliced baguettes half soaked in the mussel juice and some good fries. The fries are a bit salty but it meshes well with the 'clarity' you get every time you eat a mussel. 
*My GF had the spicy calamari and a bison burger with gorgonzola. Her only complaint was that the gorgonzola overpowered the flavor of the beef (TOLD HER!.....We had a discussion about whether or not gorgonzola was a proper complementary cheese at another restaurant recently). I can't really comment beyond that as I was primarily focused on my meal.Love the new tuna on the menu. It's really more a salad than the menu describes. But, with an ample portion of perfectly seared - or they'll cook it through if you prefer - it's definitely an ample portion. My friend loved the fish tacos and fries. Always something for any mood!Our standby place in Rittenhouse for four reasons:
(1) Tables always seem available without a reservation (I never plan in advance.)
(2) Perfect Old Fashion (not to sweet, just enough orange, made with care)
(3) My favorite calamari ever (spicy peppers, lightly fried, never chewy, creamy sauce)
(4) Solid burger served on a cutting board
Plus, the service is top-notch and nothing I've had has ever really disappointed. The market vegetable curry is also a great choice. While it is just vegetables and rice (some tofu might be nice), the sauce is outstanding. Personally, I think that the food is better than Audrey Claire (the sister restaurant).
Also, the redesigned space with the black & white dog photos and leather yellow sofas makes you feel classy, not stuffy, the moment you step inside.Went for dinner on a Monday night, for not being too busy was disappointed by the delay in service and being able to order food. Good range of options on the menu, beet salad was solid and chicken was well prepared, on the pricier side for quality, overall would not go out of my way to go back.Nice neighborhood bistro with Parisian feel. Tables not too close and windows give good views of 20th street, one of Philly's most attractive areas. Mussels, oysters, salads and margherita pizza were all attractively presented and very tasty. Service was excellent and prices reasonable for the quality of food and atmosphere. Highly recommend.Let's be honest. You are at Twenty Manning Grill because you can not get a table for Audrey Claire. However, I really did have a wonderful night.
The bartenders and staff deserve at least 4 stars, and this place does get busy. But the food wasn't anything I would go out of my way for etc.
Pork Belly- Very good but needed some type of starch on the side
Maryland Crab Cake - Excellent an refreshing with fresh lumps of crab
Fries: Ehhh- at least they were not soggy
The star of the night was the Apple Cake dessert. It's absolutely big enough to share. 
Cool Things about the Establishment:
1) Completely Nut Free
2) Always try to look for their Specials of the Day on the chalkboard
3) No fuss, low lightening decor
All and all, it was a pleasant weekday late dinner/snack, but I would wait the extra hour for Audrey Claire.Twenty Manning used to be great about 2 years ago. Over the past year or so it has declined and shows no sign of recovering. We've come back several times over the past few months hoping to have the good food and service we once enjoyed there, and each time we've been disappointed. The servers have been solid, the food terrible. The last time we were there a few weeks ago they brought us the wrong entree. When they finally brought us the right food, the market vegetable stir fry, it was watery! The server apologized. When I spoke with the manager he admitted they have been receiving a lot of negative feedback from customers recently.
Audrey Claire, it's time to make some changes before Twenty Manning is history.Pros:  The general vibe of the bar and patrons, along with a delicious martini menu.  
Cons:  I had a lot of confidence in the place based on my experience at the bar, but once we moved to eat dinner, it went downhill.  First of all, they sat us within arms reach to another couple and along side a busy thorough-thru for waiters -- it felt like we were on a date with the other couple while being constantly interrupted by passers by.  Needless to say, our conversation was hard to hold.  As for the staff, no introduction of the establishment, menu or even himself.  The waiters kept passing up and down the aisle, but we had very minimal attention at our table.   Granted it was a Friday night, but there were empty tables and plenty of staff that I can't forgive them for the service.  The food menu sounded better than it tasted.   We sampled several appetizers and main dishes including seafood and beef.  Frankly, this place is forgettable... unless you want a drink at the bar.Have had two meals here. Loved them both. The spicy calamari was great. My boyfriend loves the bar cocktails. Excellent airy environment and all I want to do is sit on that couch!Excellent food and beautiful presentation. Our party of five arrived just at the end of a huge dinner crush and our meal was slow to arrive. My tuna burger was somewhat overdone although still very good, and every other dish was excellent. Our server was attentive throughout and helpful. Manager Jillian was attentive as well and detail oriented. When she inquired and learned of the delay and  less than ideal tuna, she was very gracious and discounted and also sent us a dessert. I leave feeling very well treated and a valued customer. Very professional on all counts, great food and a well-run restaurant. I won't hesitate to return and recommend.Great outdoor location for late night drinks! 
I showed up Saturday night at 10pm with 6 other people. The hostess was very accommodating and pulled together several outside tables on Manning St for my group.
My friends and I enjoyed a huge variety of drinks from white cosmopolitans to classic 20 manning mojitos to something with gin and elderberry.  Each was reasonably priced (for top notch cocktails) at around $8.  I've often enjoyed their food but found it overpriced, but the drinks were just right.
The outdoor seating atmosphere was great - even when it started to rain - the awning covered our table and kept everyone (and their drinks) dry.  Our server was attentive and friendly.  This was a great place to bring out of town guests to experience Rittenhouse Square and Philly sidewalk dining.Dined here this past Saturday with some friends and had a very nice dinner. The place wasn't too crowded, but the service was mediocre. We had to wait almost 20 minutes to get water and have someone take our drink order. We ordered several apps and a few entree's. Everything was served hot and most of the food was very tasty. We would try the place again, but for now, 3 stars.Too noisy, too slow, too expensive.  Not comfortable or satisfying.  Food was poorly presented.I always want to know what the others reviewing this restaurant with five stars got at their tables that I didn't get at mine.  First I have to say the service was very good and the Grenache Blanc had a light, airy flavor, perfect for fish and vegetables.  Unfortnately I had the Smoked Trout. which was like eating a salt lick.  The waiter did remove it from the bill.  Next I had the Moules Frites.  The frites were really tasty and came with a spicy mayo ketchup sauce.  I was very surprised when the mussels were served completely dry, not a drop of butter or sauce on them.  So disappointing and not at all enjoyable.  My friend and my husband said the Chop Chop Salad was good.  My husband said his pizza was so so.  My freind said she did enjoy her squash ravioli, but I watched her saw into them with some difficulty as they had been fried, not boiled.  The best thing on the table was the bread which came hot and fresh.  It was dotted with caraway seeds but not made with rye flour.  So it was gently rye with a crisp outer crust and a hearty yet soft interior.  I think somone should allow the baker access to the stove.Omg. I got the crispy duck confit.  The portion was small but the glaze on the duck was amazing.  I also asked for extra dressing for the salad and they gave me a citrus vinaigrette and it made the whole meal extra delicious!!!!Exceptional meal and service!! Please, whatever you do, you must order the pork chop!!! Great spot for a group or couple.  Friendly staff and, did I mention the pork chop?!?It's hard not to begin a review of Twenty Manning without comparing it to its sister restaurant directly across the street, Audrey Clare.  Twenty has a bar; Audrey is BYO.  Twenty is much more spacious.  The noise levels are both oppressive when they are filled.
The menu at Twenty isn't as varied nor as imaginative.  The food isn't as satisfying.  Our party of three all had the duck, which was tough and chewy.  One poorly cooked duck could be an anomaly.  Three is a pattern.
The appetizers weren't especially satisfying either.
We have eaten here in the past and ordered the bison burger and fish dish.  My recollection is of a more satisfactory meal then.  We would give Twenty another try, but frankly I am in no particular hurry to do so.  On the other hand, we just ate at Audrey the week before and thought our meals were terrific.Went for the first time since the new concept debuted.  The redone space looks great but unfortunately the exposed metal ceiling and layout made it incredibly loud in the dining room, so my friend and I opted to sit outside.  they still have those awesome water misters so it stayed cool and comfortable even though it was ridiculously warm out.  we'll start with complimentary bread and butter, because it was a high point.  rolls were rye and a little warm and butter was good--it may be a small thing but its one that can go horribly wrong so points!  also good were the radishes that came with the bread.  for dinner my friend and i both had the chop chop salad--it was a reincarnation of a previous version at the old 20 manning, and I liked it a little better--there was a bit more bite in the dressing that I appreciated.  For dinner I had potstickers, and they were awesome, as always.  My friend had brussel sprouts (very similar to what they have at audrey claire).  Dessert was the toll house cookie, with caramel and vanilla ice cream.  Awesome.  Overall a nice experience, and worth trying again.I had been looking forward to dinner at Twenty Manning but was very disappointed. The cheese plate had different cheeses from what the waiter told us they were serving, the Skate Wing came on bland mashed potatoes, the pork chop was raw and oozing red juices when I tried to cut into it, which was almost impossible because it was as hard as a brick. The grilled peaches were so under-ripe that my friend could hear the crunch from across the table as I bit into them. I wish I would have just sent everything back and saved my $90.For years, we never went to T.M.  We had been a few times, but it was a bit pricey for the Asian fusion- always thought you could get a much better meal for the price of one TM entree at a Chinatown dive.
So, we went back to see what TMG would bring to the table.  Cozier lighting, wainscoting, buttery yellow banquettes warmed up the space.yu  Bar menu "snacks" invite you to settle on your bar stool for a long haul.
After a quick one at the bar, we headed for a table
 "Do you have a reservation?"  
"No, is that a problem?"
"Let me see what I can do.  7pm?"
My friend A and I looked at each other- there was no one there- a family with a baby was finishing up.  Seriously?  Drop the "we are so busy attitude"- it's overcast and cold...
Menu- Definitely much less expensive.  Burgers, smaller dishes.  Inviting and comforting:  chicken in a skillet, noodles with beef.  No attitude from the food choices.  Foodie food- roasted beets, interesting salads.  
Can't put my finger on it, but there was something missing.   Lacking soul.  All the pieces are there but somehow not cohesive.I went here with my girlfriend for our anniversary and it was fantastic. Friendly staff, great food, solid presentation, and a really hip environment. 
They really do a great job of making an  intimate environment and there prices are completely justified. 
I really can't say enough good things about my experience here. It was a fantastic date and I left the restaurant feeling as if I had become friends with the waiter and manager.Okay food and okay service.  Nothing to write home about.  I was hoping for a better experience but I was let down.We went to Twenty Manning for dinner, in part due to the awesome "Fish Fowl Beef Pork" sign they have out. The atmosphere is good, cocktails were delicious, a great place to meet some friends for drinks, but unfortunately the food was disappointing. We had fried calamari appetizer, which was weirdly greasy, our entrees (tuna and duck) were good, but definitely not worth the price.I went with my family during graduation weekend and the food was subpar. The atmosphere is definitely nice and the open air was great. I ordered the steak and half of the cut was fat. I asked for a hamburger instead because I didn't want to wait for them to make another steak. The hamburger was OK, but the fries that came with it were terrible.
I wouldn't come here again for food, but drinks might be enjoyable.While I was there, I was thinking it might be a five-star contender, but upon further thought, Twenty Manning Grill remains a solid 4. 
The beet salad was yummy but fairly plain. Oysters were delicious! Jack's potstickers were excellent, rivaling the best Chinatown can offer. There isn't an extensive beer list, but it's good - and Lager is 3$. The prices, generally, are fair across the board. I love the atmosphere, though you feel all up in your fellow diners' business - it's a little loud and the tables are a little close if you're lined up by the wall. I'm looking forward to a return visit, but it didn't blow me out of my seat.Average tasting food with a small variety of menu options to choose from. Staff is friendly and polite. One extra star given for pictures of dogs on all the walls.Buffalo burger - solid, medium rare, Gorgonzola strong but not overpowering. Fries - crunchy.  Tomato soup, warm on a freezing cold day.   Service, attentive but not overpowering.  All in all, a delicious dinner with great service and a menu that makes me want to return.Well someone knows what they are doing, from the menu, to the service, to the ambiance, just a whole lotta yes for me! My friend and I had an absolutely delightful dining experience, the only thing I was sad about was that I havent discovered this place sooner! Matthew, the Assistant Manager, took such great care of us, and I swear, by then end, it felt the like three of us were new best friends. 
The photos of the dogs on the wall suggest a whimsical atmosphere, but with a killer menu. Lots to choose from, so naturally we had to go for a lot. I had the HEIRLOOM TOMATO SALAD - it was to die for. Such juicy tomatoes.... and my friend really enjoyed her ROASTED BEET SALAD. We then moved on to the main course, which we both had the CRAB CRESTE DE GALLO. Excellent dish with chunks of crab and just enough spice. To top it off, we shared the half baked cookie dessert. As someone who isnt a sweet fan, I was a fan of this! 
Definitely check this place out! Oh and a fun fact, they are dog friendly with their outside seating. May just have to have a mom/dog dinner date here one night!We had a wonderful experience at Twenty Manning.  We made reservations for two during restaurant week.  Our table was waiting for us when we arrived and the service was very good and very attentive.  I really enjoyed the beet appetizer and mushroom ravioli entree.  They had a great wine selection and I was excited to see lots of vegetarian options on their restaurant week and regular menus.  My date loved the pork chop and was drooling over the bison burger that was ordered at a nearby table, so I know we will be back very soon.  The place was quite busy and the tables were too close together for our taste, so it's not necessarily the place for a quiet romantic dinner for two, but that did not detract from our experience at all.  Overall, it was a popular place willing to take reservations, the staff was attentive and the food was amazing.  A+.Like most reviews, I am between 3 and 4 stars for this restaurant. This restaurant has the overall feel of a neighborhood bistro. I love the clean white interior with black accents, black and white photos and the dark hardwood floor. Unfortunately because all of the surfaces are hard, the accoustics are loud in this place. It WANTS to be this gem cute intimate setting, but indeed you end up speaking more loudly than you want to be heard by your date or friends. 
That said, the food is excellent; well prepared, very fresh ingredients, seasonal and treated with respect. For this, I would give 4 stars, yet the portion size is more European in scale. My entree of the butternut squash ravioli had only 3- 2 1/2" diameter raviolis on the plate. Thank goodness we ordered a salad (to share) and another appetizer because I would have left looking for a burger fix to sate my appetite. Don't get me wrong here, I am not looking for 3 dinner entree size portions on my plate, but I think you can still make a dish filling without compromising the beautiful presentation.
My date had the Salmon which was perfectly cooked and the accompanying vegetables were tender crisp which is just how I like them. Again, another beautiful presentation. 
Service was on-point, prompt and attentive without being obtrusive. To sum up, 4 stars for quality of food, interior, and service. I would give 3 stars for accoustics and portion sizes.So so disappointed in our experience here this past Friday. I really wanted to like this place, but the food and the price were really not up to par.
The drinks we ordered were very good, so the meal started off right, but it went downhill quickly from there. It was a four course prefixe menu for 65 dollars. First up was a trio amuse bouche of tuna tartare, an oyster shooter and an avocado mousse. None were particularly satisfying. I like the tartare best, fresh clean flavors, but not seasoned enough. Oyster shooter was far too acidic, and the avocado mousse was just bland. 
Second course was a rack of lamb and haloumi salad. My rack of lamb was actually one lamb chop with enough English pea pure for an entire rack. The lamb chop also lacked a good sear on its exterior. I was severely disappointed by this because at 65 dollars per person, I was expecting a lot more. The haloumi was lukewarm and actually kind of difficult to chew. 
Third courses were the seared tuna and surf and turf. My tuna was ok, but very bland. Soba noodles were also bland. Very disappointing. I liked the flavor of the steak, but the shrimp was tough. 
Dessert was a throw away course. The best of the three was the raspberry cheesecake, but it wasn't very good in its own right. 
Really should be one as half stars here. The service and drinks were pretty good, but to be charged 65 dollars per person for the quality and amount of food we got was really disappointing. I hope Audrey Claire is a better experience than this.Great neighborhood place!
The food is good and the service is good too. I love their outdoor seating and the seating at the small bar. Solid neighborhood place that serves food late - they have a snack menu starting around 10pm.
The menu is mostly good but a little hit or miss. The burgers and mussels are great. But the calamari are greasy and the chop salad is pretty boring. The pizza is good but they always seem to be out of it (or maybe they decide to turn off their oven?).
The drinks are great - fun cocktails and a great draft list.
I probably wouldn't go out of my way to go here if I lived far away, but it's great for a drink or meal if you are in the neighborhood or live in the neighborhood.I look forward to coming back here again. The food is great, my dish reminded me of comfort food...just with more flare. My wife had the Ahi and I had the Chicken. Both were amazing. There menu made it hard to order from with so many great choices. Ingredients are fresh and well composed. Service was exceptional, very attentive , despite a busy night. As we waited for our mains, nibbled on our delicious apps, we drooled as we envied the surrounding tables filled with amazing plates of scallops, wild mushroom raviolis and even the burgers looked great. It is quite a loud atmosphere, but we liked the lively mood of the place, it just seemed like the acoustics were kinda crazy. Though I prefer BYOBs, the flavors are spot on at 20MG and I can't wait to explore the menu again.Parking.....street parking is so confusing that even locals can't figure it out.
Restaurant......cool,open,white,tastefully decorated,SOHO hip with a young clientele and vibe.
Service......good.
Menu.....You've seen it a hundred times before,basic and rather unimaginative in it's attempt to be all things to all diners .
Prices...Not bad and about right for Philly.
We had one of Twenty Manning's special menu that is supposedly a loose interpretation of a particular country's cuisine....ours being Moroccan. 
Spicy fried calamari bits with a peppery mayo based dip,nothing to write home about.
Grilled eggplant dip appetizer with pita wedges was savory and actually quite good with hints of mint,sumac...perhaps even some harissa.
Grilled pork belly with parsley,pickled onions on a bed of cabbage,crispy edges and tangy citrus marinade make this dish.
Escargot with morels served with toasted baguette points was truly excellent and my favorite. earthy and musky if just a bit too salty.
Chicken kabobs was just ordinary and rather disappointing in it's thrown together, back yard grilling, amateur presentation with a mound of rice with flecks of sultanas.
Tastes exactly as it sounds.
Desserts was a baked toll house cookie with ice cream and a amazingly tart and fruity passion fruit sorbet. and by far the better of the two but I'm a sucker for anything Passion fruit.
Cheese and fruit plate was also quite good but the brie tasted like a supermarket brand.
Twenty Manning has a very lively bar scene and a drink menu to match, draft beers are a fine mix and my Coronado Islander IPA was very good and a lucky choice since the recommended Aquavit based cocktail  was in a word.....insipid.
All in all a decent meal in a bright,airy and cool dining room,noise level is acceptable and standard menu appears to have something for just about everyone.The crab cakes and chicken breast was delicious. I was very happy with my selections and this is a good place to dine when you're in the city.