No doubt about it, the quality and presentation of the sushi at this art museum byob is very good.  The decor inside is dark, the opposite of nearby Doma which is white, clean and contemporary.  I had the tuna and yellowtail sashimi which was fantastic, I also had a spicy tuna roll which was also very good, for a specialty roll I had the traffic light, which is tuna with red, yellow, and green roe on top.  The traffic light was good, but the roe tends to get messy.  The only downside about this place is the prices, it's not crazy expensive, but a spicy tuna roll is $8 as compared to other places like Doma and Sakura which are $5 or $6.  If I had to pick a sushi byob in the city I would have to choose Doma.Umai Umai is the best sushi restaurant I've been to in the area.  The place seems to be all about their special rolls (or at least it is for me), which can often be overpriced at other sushi restaurants.  They're not cheap at Umai Umai, but they're worth every penny.  I've never been a special roll fan, but Umai Umai changed my mind completely.  You actually get a lot for your money here, and the rolls are so good I was blown away the first time I ate them.  My favorite is the Pingu by far.  If you don't mind spending a little, Umai Umai is the place to go for sure.
Update: On my most recent trip it appears they have reduced their portions and prices to go along.  I definitely preferred paying a little more and getting more, but it's still my favorite sushi place.Absolutely wonderful. This place is small-ish, so it's important to get a reservation so you're not waiting forever to get sushi. It is a bit far out if you dine a lot in the city, but I promise this place is worth it! I came here with a group of 6 and we literally got everything on the menu - and everything was so ridiculously delicious. If you're feeling adventurous or you're in the Art Museum area, definitely stop by this place!Great BYOB spot with a warm and romantic atmosphere. Great place to go on a date and have some wine.  The service was outstanding. Our waitress was super friendly and very informative about the different appetizers and sushi rolls that they have. I had Brussels Sprouts salad along with a tuna on rice appetizer which the waitress cooked in front of us.  Both were pretty good.  For sushi we ordered 4 special rolls that were all centered around tuna.  All the sushi was good quality. I love sushi and ive been to most of the  spots in the city. I can tell you I would definitely come here again mostly because of the 5 star service and the great atmosphere.  The sushi that I tried here today was not as amazing as some of the other places that are just down the street but it was definitely good.We had been anticipating trying this neighborhood sushi place. Positive points: it is byob, and the mixed maki rolls exceeded expectations. Note that there is no a la carte nigiri menu, so it was difficult to evaluate the fish quality. 
The appetizers we ordered were an udon soup and an octopus salad. The former was uninspired and the latter overblown with smoke and vinegar. The octopus itself disappointed. The cleanliness and general condition indicates complacency. Door sticks when open, lightbulbs are out, paint chipping badly in places. 
In short, we would try it again someday since it is near and byob, but would avoid appetizers.BEST SUSHI I'VE EVER HAD! The atmosphere was great, the service was wonderful, and the Goyza was delicious! The sushi, I can't even begin to describe! Yummy and fresh! Loved it!Great spot! Love the atmosphere and I wanted to try everything. When I got the menu I said, "would you look at that!?".  Unique signature rolls with fruit, nuts, and awesomeness. Appetizers and rolls were all amazing. Definitely a go to place for sushi and friendship. Highly recommended!Food and service were great.  Loves that it is BYOB. Little bit pricey though.by far thee best sushi place, ever. hands down. I go out to eat A lot, and this is my special place that I don't tell anyone I know about because I never want it to be crowded. we order an insane amount of food and its BYOB, solid winning combo.I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE this place...in all the years i have been going here...NEVER have I  had a bad meal..a bad experience..a bad server or a bad seat! I moved out of the area temporarily...but I will NOT go anywhere else for sushi when I am in the city! Coming back soon...!Never really noticed this BYOB place before, but when searching for a popular sushi joint, this popped up first!
It's a small little restaurant on the corner. Mind you, the entrance is the single door on the side-not the double doors at the corner which I was tugging and pulling at for a few seconds!!
The place filled up fast for a Wednesday night. Glad we reserved ahead of time. We were seated at the bar overlooking the sushi chefs at work.
The menu was descriptive with so many options!
We finally chose 2 appetizers:
1. Pink Shrimp Tempura: deliciously crispy with a tangy flavor
2. Grilled Octopus : this was my first ever octopus so I was a little skeptical. But boy was this dish oh soo good!! It arrived on a bed of salad. The octopus was grilled so well that it tasted almost like chicken. I actually wouldn't mind returning just to have this dish!!
We ordered designer rolls as our main entrees.
1. Godzilla: I'm a fan of shrimp tempura so this had an interesting twist to it- strawberries and macadamia bits & honey. A little sweetness in every bite. Nothing was overpowering at all.
2. Poseidon : another shrimp tempura roll but combine with eel and spicy crab. Also delicious!
3. 4-8-15-16-23-42: this is had a lighter touch to it. Wrapped in pickled Daikon so it actually tasted way healthier!!
We were surprisingly content with our bellies by the end of it!!
The dessert menu was given to us verbally. We had chocolate fondue with funnel cake fries. It came in a really cute bowl with a candle under it.  The chocolate fondue wasn't the best quality. If you want dessert, I suggest you find another place. But definitely plan for a great sushi night here!!
Highly recommend!!!No heat in the place on a snowy, ice-cold night. The floors are very dirty. The plastic covers at the prep station were filthy. 
The "paella" (leftover rice and other fish) at $24 was WAY too costly. The sushi was wonderful. 
Umai Umai, you can do much better!People always told me that Umai Umai is the best sushi in the city and that I needed to try it out immediately. I was a little skeptical because my favorite sushi place in the city is the mutha f'n bomb!!! But it was a cold winter night in the fairmount area and I had a hankering for sushi so I thought lets go and figure out if this truly is the best sushi in the city. It was good, the sushi was fresh everything tasted fine but nothing made me feel ecstatic! I had the lobster roll, traffic light (Which was the best roll) and some other roll that I can't remember. Don't get me wrong this place was good but I feel that they don't put enough love into the food. For appetizers we got rock shrimp that was supremely bland, and the normal sea-weed and ginger salad which is good everywhere. 
The great thing about this place is that its BYOB but they more than make up for that with the excessive cost of their sushi. This place is pretty expensive. 
So to conclude. This place did not meet my expectation for best sushi in the city. It was good, not great.Loved everything about this place! The inside was fancier than I was expecting but decorated very nicely for a romantic dinner.
I ordered the salmon tacos and oyster shooters to start with. Both were delicious, the oyster shooters are a must try for this place! The sushi was really great too. The krakken roll was by far the best. I got the traffic light also but it just didn't compare to the krakken. I will definitely be back here for my next sushi craving!We had a great time here last night and the food was amazing as always.  This is a small homey BYOB restaurant but inside I always feel as if I am on vacation in a unique city.  Inside the place is accented with little lights hanging over the preparation table with a retro/oriental look as modern art has been placed on the walls. The food is consistently good here and the staff is always very friendly when we come into eat.
Dishes that I found to be exceptionally good were the King Kong specialty roll and the Miso soup.  I have also had the pleasure of trying the "well know" Godzilla roll before and I would with out a doubt recommend trying it.
The reason I give 4 and not 5 stars is because I felt the presentation of the food could of been better.  Maybe some cool designs or play with some of there sauces. Overall the food is fantastic. 
Thanks Umai Umai for a great time and good food!Best sushi in Philly. Affordable BYO, my favorite roll is the Crispy Spicy Scallop. We love getting Tapas for Two to start every time we come here!Had a great time at Umai Umai on a Saturday night. It's a *really* small place, not good for a group larger than 4, 5 at most. It is BYOB and they provide ice buckets. We started with the hot rock appetizer and salmon tacos. The hot rock appetizer was fun because it comes out with 4 medallions of beef that you season and cook on a rectangular hot stone at your table. The salmon tacos were also delicious. 4 of us split several rolls and everything tasted amazing and fresh. I would definitely come back here, great spot for date night or catching up with 1 or 2 friends.Went here for dinner on Saturday night.  Everything was outstanding.  We started with the brussel sprout salad which was probably my favorite.  We then had a spicy tuna roll, the Krakken roll, the Poseidon roll, and the King Kong roll.  The Krakken was my favorite, highly recommend. It is BYO and a small place, so having a reservation on a weekend night is a must.  All the sushi was fresh.  However, giving it three stars because they have no working bathroom.  Is that even allowed under City code?!  This should be advertised or there should be some other bathroom arrangements made.This is a very ideal first date restaurant - a small cozy local BYO in Fairmount. My first date with my boyfriend was here so Umai will always have a special place in my heart. Sushi is fresh and the specialty rolls are different and interesting. The Spartan roll is made with beef rather than fish and very delicious so even those who made be wary of raw fish have options to choose from. They also have many other options to choose from other than sushi rolls, like shrimp tempura and teriyaki chicken and rice. I would give it 5 stars except making a reservation is not easy because there's no option to book online and you have to call after 4:30p in order to speak with someone to confirm a reservation since they open at 5pm. However, this is a must-try if you are craving sushi and looking for something a little different from the rest!If you're debating between Doma and Umai Umai, here's a head-to-head breakdown on the Fairmount sushi haunts:
--Six Rounds based on quality, price, appetizers, specialty rolls, service, and decor--
Round 1:  Quality is a tie.  Both places hone in on perfect quality and execution of the food.  The detail is wonderful, and it shows in the unique tastes at both restaurants.
Round 2:  Price goes to Umai.  Don't be fooled by the higher prices, because you get double the size on the rolls.  Every roll is 9-12 good size pieces.  You'll walk out 25% less at Umai for the same amount of food.
Round 3:  Appetizers, hands down goes to Umai.  The oyster shooters are the best I've ever had, and take out anything on Doma's overpriced appetizer menu.  You really need to try these.  The flavor profile has so many layers and textures...wonderful.
Round 4:  Specialty rolls goes to Doma on a slight win.  The Medusa, Chloe, and Triple Tuna are excellent, creative and unique.  Umai's were excellent but needed that wow factor of something new.  The Godzilla is close, but I'd highly recommend ordering it as a final course after your others, as it is borderline dessert (but not too sweet).
Round 5:  Service is a no-brainer for Umai.  Our young server, was perfection all night long.  We often struggle with attention at Doma, and they're not as polished.
Round 6:  Decor goes to Umai.  It's not much bigger than Doma, but it feels so much larger and warmer.  The lighting and layout are perfect, and you don't feel crowded like you do at Doma.  It's not ultra modern either.
Clear winner is Umai Umai...just don't take the last reservation!Overall very good. I must begin by saying the service was excellent. This place cares what you think and wants you to have a great meal. Our server took the time to ask if this was our first visit and suggested some menu favorites. This place is a BYOB and has a great intimate atmosphere. Parking was easy to find on the street (no meters).
We started with the house salad with a delicious dressing and shallots.Delish!
We both got an nice selection of sushi and sashimi pieces that were fresh and tasty. 
Ended with a dessert of funnel cake-like sticks that were accompanied by a chocolate fondue that was yummy.
Yay! I'm a fan.At Umai Umai, I had this crunchy saucy sushi that I completely forgot the name of but remember (read: crave!) the taste and fun texture of.  I actually just now looked up the menu and I think it was called Eternal Sunshine? Indeed.
The place is intimate and the lighting is low.  The atmosphere is nice and relaxing.  The place is a little pricey but restaurant.com had a promo so we had to try this place out.  We ended up spending significantly more than the "gift card" but it was well worth it.  We probably wouldn't go without some kind of discount though...
You really can't go wrong with a discounted discount gift card.  You can get $25 for $2 (with a $35 minimum purchase, if I remember correctly?).
P.S.  This place is near the Eastern Penitentiary.  Not much else around, but a nice neighborhood to be in when in Philly when it's not miserable out. The Art Museum is kinda close, too.
P.S.S.  I believe it's BYOB.Love at first Bite.
When I told people I was going here for dinner the other night, I could see the stars in their eyes. This place was legitimately to die for.  
They have some outlandish names for their rolls. I like that the menu is not overwhelming and provides additional options outside of just sushi.  We started with the rock shrimp tempura which is cooked in a spicy aoili which left me weak in the knees. I couldn't get enough..and it was a perfect portion size for two to split. 
We split a few different rolls, which were generously sized and out of this world.  the Spirited Away with seasame crusted tuna and crab did not fail to disappoint, but the Nemo roll was truly mind blowing.  Crunchy roll with snowcrab and avacado.  Everything was so fresh and flavorful..the crunch in their rolls is really what tops it all off.  Best sushi I've had in the city thus far.This place was very good,definitely would recommend it to others...alil on the pricy side and the servings were kind of small,but other then that the food was amazing!!Hands down best sushi I have had in Philly, in PA, and maybe even NJ. My husband and I split very fresh (not from frozen), perfectly steamed edamame, the chef's nigiri selection and 2 rolls. We had just just enough room leftover for green tea ice cream. Mmm. Kiss-the-fingertips kind of perfect. 
We got a table as walk-ins at 9pm on a Friday, no wait. We just missed the rush. Any earlier would require reservations, so just make'm. 
Bill total: $57. 
I love sushi BYOBs. I'd rather spend the good money on the good sushi than on mediocre drinks. Vinho Verde was the perfect complement for the flavors of the ocean.OMG Godzilla and Krack roll, I love you! I can't wait to go back and try another one of their designer rolls.This is my favorite sushi restaurant - ever! Better than Morimoto. I try to stop by every time i'm in the area. Alex is simply a master of his trade. Everything he makes is brilliant, the sticky rice is outstanding - we always get a side of that alone - the scallop carpaccio is like buttah, and the sushi/sashimi plate is art. He always creates something special for my vegetarian husband as well. I can not speak highly enough for this place.FYI this place is BYO so bring something if you want. Cool decor in a nice area and good food. I'm not a sushi expert but I liked it. Godzilla roll, spicy tuna, and eternal sunshine were all good.Service is very nice and sushi was delicious! I had the Eternal Sunshine Roll and it was great!! BYOB is a plus.OMG!!! I have found the best sushi I have ever had. I love sushi, I eat sushi all the time, I spent all my dining meal plans on the sushi bar when I was in college so let me tell you, this place is AMAZING! 
First, it's located in the Fairmount section which is just beautiful and a great place to walk around before or after dinner. The restaurant was small but you did not feel cramped inside. Outside seating is also available. We were able to get a table but it's best to call ahead to make a reservation, we just got a little lucky. This place is also BYOB so bring those bottles!!!
The waitresses were so friendly, knowledgeable about the menu and seemed to really enjoy about being there to serve you. Now, let's get to the good stuff. 
We started with the Chilean Sea-bass appetizer portion, my biggest mistake was not ordering the entree portion because this was best sea-bass I have ever eaten. The appetizer portion was a decent size for a quick taste for two people but you were left with wanting more. It was buttery, flavorful and just melted in your tongue. Get it! 
For dinner, we ordered 2 types of sushi from the designer rolls section of the menu.
The Spartan (24 hour miso marinated beef tenderloin, chives, shrimp tempura, paprika aioli.) This was to die for, that marinated beef tenderloin with shrimp was divine. I know I will always be ordering this item every time I come back. That paprika aioli was the right sauce to go with it and I could have eaten the whole thing. 
The next designer roll we ordered was the Spirited Away (Sesame crusted tuna, red crab, cucumber avocado, chili soy) The tuna's color was that beautiful and fresh red. The taste was amazing mixed with the red crab and chili soy. If you are craving a delicious tuna sushi, you must get this! 
I know that I will be coming back for more and more and more. The price is up there but the portion is worth it. The designer rolls are big and filling. I left full but it was so delicious that I could have forced myself to eat more, but I didn't.When friends suggested going to Umai Umai, I couldn't turn down sushi, especially in my hood. Everyone found it hard to believe that this Fairmount gal had never been there before. What can I say? I'm more of a Doma chick. 
To be fair, I only had the King Kong roll. It consisted of 5 pieces of tuna, salmon, yellowtail, cucumber, avocado. It was kind of like a basic roll steroids. The fish was fresh, but the roll was pretty small and it fell apart right away after being dipped in soy sauce. 
I'd give them another try, but I'm still on Team Doma.Have ordered for pickup with a bunch of friends many times  and have always been amazed on how fresh there sushi tastes. !!  Especially when its being picked up . 
When I have picked up my order at the place , service is efficient and fast even with a packed house . Appreciate the design and how it blends right into the Fairmount community. To me it's small intimate but comfortable dining space is more for couples and small groups of friends. Definitely the best sushi I have had In philly!This not so hidden gem is a sushi lovers dream. Take the time to come out to Philadelphia to try this amazing sushi. Everything about this place is cool. Make sure you book a reservation as it books up quickly. 
Service is very strong. This place is a must for the sushi lover.This is my favorite sushi restaurant in Philly.  The staff is incredibly nice and very quick with their service.  The sushi rolls are absolutely divine.  The stoplight roll is one of my favorites.  The quality of the fish and the preparation & presentation of the dishes are superb.  The sashimi is also a quality dish.  It tastes very fresh and has a great variety as well.
If it's sushi you are after and you are in the area (or not!), definitely check out Umai!Umai Umai takes sushi to a totally different level.  I would liken the experience to the first time you realized a pizza could be gorgonzola, figs, arugula, and balsamic instead of Elliots.  I have had sushi at maybe 40 different places and it still blew my mind.  
The designer rolls at Umai Umai are so creative and delicious.  The combinations are unheard of, but every bite is better than the last.  (See: Krakken Roll: shrimp tempura, eel, avocado, soft shell crab, cherries, worcestershire aïoli, almond bits). Each designer roll has something like 8 huge pieces of sushi, so don't be scared away by the price.  
If you are a "I just want Tuna Sashimi" kind of person this may not be the place for you.  In my book, this is the best Sushi in Philly.  The service is great and it is a BYOB, for four of us the bill was $95 including tip.Went here on the advice of a friend who said it was the best sushi she ever had.  Tried the scallop appetizer (on her request) and also a specialty roll with sesame tuna, crab, avocado, and an ancho chile sauce.  Both were amazing!  Will definitely be back to try some of their other rolls.Liked the rolls better than the sashimi, which were very small.  The designer rolls, however, came with a large number of pieces.  One order, Spirited Away, had 12 pieces!  Also liked the Posiedon rolls.  Surprisingly, the "basic" spicy yellowtail rolls were our favorite.  The space is warm and inviting and being BYOB is a definite plus. The large screen TV showing pictures of the food however was tacky and distracting and did not go at all with the mood of the rest of the space.  Overall, a very good value.Went here on a date.  Good setting.  Is a place where you can come in whatever but decorated enough to produce a setting that is elegant and classy where dressing up is not out of place.  The sushi is top notch and their rolls are quite amazing in their composition.  I did not think the prices were too bad but compared to big eaters you will find that this is pricier than other places.  For example, the rolls half-rolls at 6 pieces an range in price from 12-16 dollars.  That is usually the price for a full roll at other joints but remember that this is a higher class place with higher class rolls.  Good food and nice setting.Wow.  A little place tucked into a nice neighborhood - had a real local feel and was nice and cozy.  The service was excellent, the waiter was a bit bashful, but helped my friends pick out their food.
The food was excellent from quality to presentation.  The fish was fresh and the ratio of fish to rice in the nigiri was perfect.  The rolls were great - the sauce didn't overwhelm like many restaurants; the texture combination was divine.  I would highly recommend the Nemo and Godzilla.  I prefer picking nigiri ala carte, but the chef's choice my friend had was a great selection.
Definitely check this place out if you're in the area - it's close to the art museum so it's a nice post-museum meal!This is my favorite sushi place EVER! I've always had to put up with snobby remarks from all my west coast friends on how the east coast sushi just doenst compare (because they have always shown me they are right!) - but not any more. Umai umai is so creative with their menu and their sushi and insane appetizers literally blew my mind/ my taste buds. The oyster shooters with the quail egg bombs - I'm still reeling from that heavenly delight! Umai umai is expensive (not like Vics or Sagamis) but it it totally worth it when you feel up for a little light splurging. Any special occasion - I am coming here! And the BYOB factor - LOVE it!!Great sushi and great service!  The specialty rolls were unbelievable, with ingredients like strawberry and honey.. but they were very well designed to be a perfect blend of flavors and textures.
Will definitely be back again!
Watch for their new facebook page- our waitress said it'll be up tonight or tomorrow, even with messaging table reservations!Umai and I have a long history together.  A bunch of my girlfriends used to live in the area so a few times a year, for several years, we'd get together to chat, drink (its byob), and catch up over some sushi- specifically to enjoy the famous (and the favorite amongst the group) Godzilla roll. That was 5-6 years ago and I should have reviewed my experiences then but here we are, years later and I am equipped with a more recent trip to my small favorite Fairmount sushi joint. 
About a month ago I came here on a Saturday night with my boyfriend (his choice after hearing great things about it) for our date night.  With wine in tow, we were seated for our 8pm reservation (an absolute MUST- this place gets packed and walk-in's might have a wait of about an hour if a table opens up) and scored a great spot near the window.  We started off with the half dozen oysters in shell appetizer which were nothing short of magical.  Two of each choice flavored and topped/seasoned with citrus-soy, cilantro-ceviche, and toban salsa.  A truly spectacular dish, refreshing and light, and something that I'll order every time coming back.  We also split some salmon and eel sushi and several specialty rolls, including the 4-8-15-16-23-42, King Kong, and of course -my beloved Godzilla roll which was just as perfect as I remembered it. A great combo of savory fresh fish with sweet strawberries and macadamia bits for a nice crunchy texture. Yum!  A great dinner with great service. 
Thanks for staying solid all these years, Umai.This place is EXPENSIVE, period.  I've been going to Sagami in Collingswood for years and would take that restaurant, with its HUGE pieces of sushi, over Umai any day.Just... Incredible. Came here with the boy and a friend from out of town since it's been recommended to us a bunch. Cute little room, great atmosphere and ambience- perfect for two three or four people. Server was friendly and attentive.
We started off with the calamari and rock shrimp tempura. Calamari was pretty standard, but man that shrimp. If you can make something as basic as fried shrimp tossed in sauce amazingly delicious, you're doing something right.
For meals we split five rolls- Pingu, Ping Pong, Nemo, Henrietta, and Spartan. All phenomenal, even the Henrietta which was our least favorite was still great. Very interesting combos, like with the Spartan having beef tenderloin rolled in it. Favorite was the Ping Pong (spicy tuna in a tofu coating, deep fried, topped with pineapple salsa). Honestly, some of the best sushi I've ever had. Definitely bringing the parents to this one.I headed here with a friend on the coldest night in Philly so far this season. which is extra cold for my California blood. it was Monday night, a night that many restaurants are closed. i would imagine this place gets crowded as the week goes on, so it is a good night to go without a reservation.
inside the atmosphere is welcoming and cozy. there are a handful of tables and some seats at the sushi bar. i'm into the byob thing, something that seems quite popular in Philly. however i opted for green tea. it was served in a big pot which i appreciated, but honestly i expected better quality loose tea rather than a tea bag floating in it. since they don't serve alcohol it would be nice to have a decent tea selection.
food is Japanese with a bit of Thai/Malasian style mixed in. we started with Tom Yam soup (something i have never had a a sushi place), perfect warm-up on an 18 degree night! otherwise we tried 4 different rolls. which were all good, but some odd combinations that i had never tried before (the strawberry on the godzilla did not work for me). as a big fan of sushi in San Francisco, i think it is overpriced. more than New York. the fish is good, but not THAT good to pay $16-18 for a roll, $4-6 per piece of nigiri. your bill will be as much as it would have been if drinks were included. that said...it's a great place for a date if you wanna impress me :)I've been wanting to try this restaurant and I was not disappointed!! This is a small restaurant so I would recommend having a reservation, thankfully they were able to seat us right away! I ordered the Godzilla roll because it was super unique! It has shrimp, tempura, eel, avocado and it was topped with strawberries, crushed macadamias nuts and honey. Sounds kinda weird but it was sooo good!!!!!! I like trying unique sushi and I've never had strawberry in my sushi that's for sure! The second roll I ordered was the 4-8-15-16-23-42 roll, which was also delicious!!! It was wrapped in a pickled daikon, which I've never had before. And there was tuna, salmon, yellowtail, avocado and mango! I love when sushi rolls have mango! The fish was super fresh and it was so delicious!! I would absolutely come here again to try more rolls!!!!!!My friend and I have been dying to go to umai umai for months now, especially since it's right around the corner from my apartment. We sat down eagerly and was told the Brussels sprout salad was incredible by a friend, so we ordered that right away. The miso soup was a large portion, with big pieces of tofu, which was delicious. The brussel sprout salad was full of flavor and is highly recommended. However, we ordered the ping pong roll and the King Kong roll. When the rolls were placed in front of us, my friend was immediately concerned. Her "crispy tuna" was unlike anything she has ever seen. It had a pate consistency and a tannish brown color. When I tried a piece to subside her worries, I was unable to stomach the taste. When trying my own, my roll had very little flavor and it was not indicated that it was served without rice. The cucumber wrapped around the roll also was pickled, which was indicated, however, it was unappetizing. It is important to note that the waitress did ask if anything was wrong. However, we just wanted to leave and were starving and did not make note of our experience. Overall, I would recommend the salad again, but not either of the two rolls we had.I can not say enough about the food, the ambiance, and the service at Umai. After a long day at work coming to a comfortable place like Umai is a great way to transition into your evening or weekend. The oyster shooters are a MUST. On top is a quails egg and roe, and in the glass is the oyster and a mix of deliciousness. After pouring the egg and roe into the shooter, drink up and experience a mouth orgasm. My friend says that there is a different taste with every chew. 
My favorite part of Umai is the freshness and quality of the fish. I prefer sashimi, specifically live scallop, mackerel and escolar with is truly like butter. Rolls are usually not my thing but the Krackin roll at Umai is my crack. The other rolls are nice as well. Because of Umai I rarely eat rolls anywhere else. Most places you need a magnifying glass to see the meat. The carpaccio melts in your mouth and there seems to be something new and interesting on each visit. I wish that I could eat here a few times a week.So yummy! Hubs and I went here for dinner Friday night and it was outstanding! We got 5 or 6 special rolls and a few appetizers. Everything was delicious! Our waitress did overcharge us, $140 instead of $70 but she fixed it when we pointed it out.A very cosy, elegant, with some out door seating restaurant near the Art Museum.
Servers are all sweet, smiling, and very helpful. I think this place is more known for it's rolls and seafood then the other entrees. The rolls are very creative, so get ready for a surprise of sensations and tastes.
Recommend:
TAPAS FOR TWO: Spring roll, shrimp shumai, vegetable gyoza, and edamame
Designer rolls: KRAKKEN & PINGU (only ones I tried, but enjoyed. I am sure the rest are amazing!)
Not A Fan:
I was not thrilled about the SHRIMP PAD THAI because it was very tomato tasting while shrimp a little unexciting and tasteless. (but I will say the shrimp were huge and and fresh)
Bon Appétit!Loved the food!  Don't eat oysters but the Oysters Shooters were delicious! A must try! They look scary as hell but are so worth it.  Loved my date night here :)I will say with utmost confidence this is 100% the best sushi in the city. It is beyond regular sushi, it is the best grade sushi I think I have EVER had. The rolls are all so different and unique, some even have fruit on them. It is a very small place in Fairmont about 15 tables and it is BYOB, which always makes it better. The prices are steep but well worth it. 
Great time, great experience, great food
Must go!!!My friend and I went to Umai Umai last night. We had a really nice time, although I was a bit under the weather. I felt a lot better after nursing my green tea and some Miso soup! We got the Pingu roll off of the designer roll menu, and it was delicious! We also got the Mango sorbet for desert, and it was really really good. The waitstaff was incredibly attentive, and I really liked the cozy atmosphere, and the clever decorations and table settings. And it is BYOB! I would definitely come back here. The one drawback is that the designer rolls are a bit spendy, $12-18 a pop.Have been there at least 30 times. Food is always amazing and the staff is wonderful!  Love that it is a byobHad a great dinner with my sister at this cute sushi restaurant. Fresh and yummy sushi with a variety of creative rolls. We started with seaweed salad which was great, and sampled some of the specials as well as classic rolls. BYOB too.Sushi was ok. Good, but not amazing. Service was horrible. It took an hour to get our food and the waitress said nothing about the long wait. I'm not picky, and I was a server for many years. But the fact that the waitress didn't even apologize that it took an hour to get our food was disappointing. Then we noticed the people next to us received their food within 15 minutes of being seated. Will not be returning.Went last night - AWESOME!  The dragon roll was amazing.   Good service and cool that it's BYO,  Also very nice atmosphere.
Agreed on ordering sparingly... 2 of us ordered 3 rolls and were really full when we left.  
EXCELLENT - my new favorite sushi place.Best restaurant ever. I go to this place with my family on a regular basis. The sushi is great and the service and atmosphere are too. It's very cute inside. As you come in there is a little bar where the people make the sushi. Everything is extremely fresh. I've never had a wait there, but it always has a good number of people in it. The waitresses are very very nice and pleasant. All the food comes out quickly and is extraordinary. Although the prices are higher than other restaurants, it's 100% worth it. The crown and glory of the whole experience; the chocolate lava cake. It's rich and delicious. I've never experienced anything that would hinder me from coming back. They always have everything in stock. Love this place and I would highly highly recommend.Best sushi I've ever had. Hands down. Friendly staff, very small and perfect for a date night.As many have mentioned, THEY will cater to YOUR needs!!! I went with a friend who is allergic to Avocados (dont ask, I think he just thinks he's allergic to them).  We asked for rolls minus the avocado.  They asked us if it was a severe allergy because if it was, they were willing to completely clean and sanitize the entire cooking area before preparing our rolls.  Many places will not do this. 
Now onto the food. I have been to a number of Sushi places in Philly and I would have to say I've had the best rolls at Umai Umai.  Although the prices are high, the Designer Rolls are completely worth it. They are a larger portion than regular rolls and each one offers something different.  I recommend the King Kong, Godzilla, Krakken, and Pingu.  Amongst these, the Krakken was my favorite!  I also tried the Spicy Tuna roll, which I can say is by far the best spicy tuna roll I have had. 
To top it off, its BYOB!
Overall, this is a great place to go with friends or take someone out on a date.  Umai Umai has great ambiance and a friendly staff.It's been awhile since I went here but I remember everything being very tasty.  A little on the expensive side but not too bad.There aren't too many restaurants that I leave with that "Wow, that was incredible meal, and worth every penny" feeling every. single. time. But I'm never less than thrilled with Umai Umai.  It's still my very favorite place to eat sushi in Philly. 
The seaweed salad has delicious flavor, their classic rolls are full of fish (none of that pink slime spicy tuna BS) and their designer rolls are unique. Service is fast and friendly. It's a perfect spot for date night, or girls' night out. The only thing that sucks is trying to find parking in Fairmount. But what else is new?This is definitely the best sushi in Philadelphia and the staff is super friendly!Nice place for sushi but does not live up to the hype. I am more of a purist when it comes to sushi so all the specialty rolls seem like overkill and are unappealing. The sashimi is very fresh and the presentation is nice. This is a BYOB so the check is relatively small when compared to other sushi restaurants. One highlight was the fresh sea urchin they got in that day. Incredibly fresh a delicious. It's worth checking out but don't go in thinking this is tantamount to eating at Morimotos;  I can assure you it is not.Great rolls.  We all enjoyed the grilled octopus appetizer. The specialty rolls are definitely a good choice.  The price was g bad at all. Coming from the burbs things are usually cheaper but this was def. a fair price.  I always enjoy a byob but parking was terrible so make sure you take a cab or get there earlier.Decided to give it a try. Low key BYO with some of the most creative rolls I've seen (balsamic and pine nuts anyone?). Don't miss it. PS poke looked amazing and I will try it next time.VERY quaint little sushi shop. On a nice day, the outdoor seating is just beautiful! The staff is incredibly friendly and the food quality is great! It is a pretty Americanized sushi restaurant, so don't go expecting to get anything extremely exotic, but the quality is top-notch.The hot rock is so tender and delicious, highly recommend as a starter! We've also never had a bad roll here, everything is high quality and the service is always exceptional!This is very possibly the best sushi I've ever had! It had such a soft smooth texture with no overpowering fishy tastes. Their specialty roles were unexpected but fantastic combinations. The fact that Umai Umai is a byob makes it just that much better.The best sushi in the city and also the best Brussel Sprout salad! This place never disappoints and the service is always great.Hands down the best sushi I've had in the city!!!!!  Their innovative rolls, as many other reviewers have mentioned, their service, the ambiance of the place and the BYO component make this place great!  
I have to say the Godzilla roll with the strawberries and macadamia nuts ROCKED THE HOUSE.  
GO UMAI, GO!The designer rolls are amazing!! I was not a fan of sushi until my friend brought me here to try some out. I am blown away!By far my favorite sushi place in the city, and probably anywhere in the world. Each roll is so flavorful and unique. There's just nothing else like it! The crispy rice appetizer is to die for as well!I came here for dinner during the week with one of my friends. I ordered the ping pong roll and 4-8-15-16-23-42 roll (didn't love the daikon wrapping) otherwise they were both delicious. I'm not normally this adventurous with sushi. Very fresh! Excellent sushi. Small interior with friendly staff. I will be back!My favorite sushi place in Philly.  The atmosphere is great, the service is excellent and the food is fantastic.  By far the best restaurant in the Fairmount area.  The designer rolls are creative and delicious.  Godzilla and Traffic Light are among my favorites but all are good.  Also, the spicy tuna hand roll is excellent.  I haven't had one bad thing on the menu.Couple things I have to say, sometimes when you goout for sushi you know what you can expect, a rainbow roll, some spicy tuna, some fresh sahsimi etc etc....  I love sushi and eat it frequently but I get bored with it. Oooh, tonight I might try the soft shell crab tempura..
 Not here.  This place hands down has the most unique, and best sushi in Philly.  I have been here multiple times but my theory as of late is to not write reviews after one visit, give it a few times to eat a few things on menu and then write a review so the fellow yelpers can get a thorough idea of what to expect rather than perhaps a bad night from a chef.   Too many people i think rush home before their meal has settled to either thrash a place to death or praise them so they can tell theri sweety "read my review on yelp, I have 400 reviews."
Eat the sushi here!  It's good, unique, reasonably priced and BYOB, Went last night and with tip was less than $60.  Zama, another sushi spot on Rittenhouse which people go ape shit over... $125 with tip and left hungry.I've been here a few times and will keep on coming back. It's been a good experience every time I've gone here for dinner. Their rolls are innovative and are like a symphony of flavors in my mouth. If you're as much of a sushi lover as I am, you have to go here!The fish was very good however the portions were not only small but more pricey than comparable sushi restaurants in the city. Also the menu selection was rather bland.The best sushi that I've had in a really long time, with creative rolls and entrees. I highly recommend any Specialty Roll on the menu, and one entree I'm crazy about is the Seafood Paella with green curry sauce--a fusion of Thai and Spanish rice dishes but using Japanese sticky rice as the base. 
When I found out that the head chef and owner studied as Iron Chef Morimoto's apprentice for years, it made sense.AMAZING sushi!! Yes, it is a little more expensive, but well worth it. Plus, you save some money by bringing your own bottle of wine. My husband and I ordered an assortment of rolls and all were delicious. Definitely recommend this neighborhood gem!Sushi and a BYO. Does it get any better?
Not to say that I don't love RAW, and I do - but for those of us who have been to Umai, you know it's the best sushi in Philly. 
The ambiance is perfect, their specialty rolls (especially the Godzilla) are out of this world!, and it's probably my favorite spot in Fairmount. 
This is a place I have gone on dates, as well as just with friends, and it is an appropriate sushi venue for whatever group you venture out with. :)One of my favorite sushi spots in the Philadelphia area! If you're looking for a slightly more upscale BYOB to enjoy some delicious food, Umai Umai is a must. The service is always excellent, and the unique rolls by the chef never disappoint. You definitely need to make a reservation, though - it's always busy (which is a good thing!).I tried Umai Umai for the second time tonight. Everyone I talk to seems to be in love with this place so I decided to try it to. It was a game time decision so we didn't make reservations. There were three open tables but it took them 15 minutes to seat my party of three. Every time I pass by this place it is packed so I definitely suggest to plan ahead and make a reservation.
Once seated, I had a great experience. Our server was super nice. She even came back to double check on an order and make sure she had it right. 
I ordered the miso soup and two basic roles. Everything was delicious. I would say it is a little pricy but definitely a great sushi spot. Ohh- and it's BYOB!Love the food, love the service, love the location, love the ambiance. Did I mention I loved the food? Good BYO, Good Sushi, fresh, and tasty.
I'd be remiss if I left out a key event that happened, which put quite the damper on our trip. Sitting at a table next to the wall, Umai Umai had a little mascot run behind the illuminated wall.. a cockroach running as if late for his bus. It happened, it was gross, and made us wonder about the cleaniless of this place.
Sure, every place has an occasional cockroach, I get it. Again, I wouldnt be truthful if I neglected to report this unfortunate mascot.Love this place!!! We just go for the sushi so i cant comment on the entrees or apps but the sushi is very fresh and very tasty!!! We went to pod recently and couldn't believe the difference between umai and pod. Also couldn't believe this place was in the neighborhood for like 2 years before we actually went there!! Now its become a definite staple in our dining out agenda! The speciality rolls are a little pricey - but if youre going to out you might as well indulge yourself with something different!! The godzilla roll and the eternal sunshine rolls are the ones id recommend the most.  When you read about them on the menu its hard to imagine everything thats in it working so well together but it does. Definitely check this place out - youll thank me later!I was a little skeptical about having strawberries and honey in sushi, but went with the Godzilla roll anyway because I'd heard so many good things about it. The Godzilla roll did not disappoint. It was one of the tastiest rolls I've ever had and combined two of my favorite basic rolls - shrimp tempura and eel. I want to come back and try some of the other rolls.3 stars, maybe.  The food was.. well, it was OK.  Not remarkable.  For a multitude of reasons I was disappointed in a lot of what I got here.  I was excited to see shima-aji on the menu, but when I ordered 2 pieces a la carte off the sushi menu, it came almost entirely cooked through.  For what reason would you do that to fish off of a sushi menu??  I can think of a few, and none of them are good reasons.
Also the ankimo - the menu says it's 'steamed' but the single piece of ankimo came to us heavily seared on both sides, which totally destroyed the texture and flavor of the ankimo.  The seared edges were black and hard.. really took away from the smooth texture that ankimo is supposed to have.
The BF decided to humor himself and order some American 'sushi' - those way over the top rolls you'd never find in an actual sushi restaurant.  It was good - interesting.  I wasn't a fan of the sweet and savory combinations but the boyfriend was keen on ordering some 'weird' Am sushi, and I guess that fit the bill.  
The service was good, the waitresses were helpful and attentive.  The place is cute and clean.  Call me an ass but I guess I just couldn't really get over a restaurant named the equivalent of "yummy" in jp but serving not really any jp food in any great quality.My girlfriend was trying to decide where we wanted to go for her birthday and decided to try Umai because the menu seemed to have some options for non-sushi eaters (in the rest of our group) and that Umai was BYO.
After sitting down, our wine and sake were put on ice for us and they brought us wine and sake glasses.
We ordered miso soup, veggie dumpling soup, and edamame (not explicitly on the menu).  Everything was good.
For dinner, I ordered the king kong roll (tuna, salmon, yellowtail, cucumber, & avocado), a yellowtail roll, and kinmedai/goldeneye snapper nigir.  I was surprised to only get 1 piece of nigiri, since I thought nigiri was traditionally served in pairs.  I was happy with everyone I ordered and the portion size was good.
My girlfriend ordered the eternal sunshine roll (panko sea bass, watercress, salmon, avacado, apricot-miso, blueberry-balsamic, and crushed pine nuts) and a spicy tuna roll.  I think the eternal sunshine roll was the highlight of the meal.  It was really really good.
For dessert we shared a banana spring roll; banana, ice cream, and red beans... and odd combination, but good.  They were also nice and brought it out with a candle for her birthday.
We really liked the atmosphere of the place; it was dark and cozy.
My only complaints were:
- They had the sushi bar, but no stools/chairs.  When just the two of us go out for sushi, we enjoy sitting at the bar and watching them make our sushi.  This doesn't seem to be an option here.
- Service seemed a bit slow at times.  It looked like they only had one waiter for the whole place, so I think he was stretched a bit thin.Not sure if I reviewed here yet but the food here is amazeballs!!  the  to success is in their food! Brussels sprouts, calamari, and shootersWow. What a disappointment. With all the hype, and GREAT reviews, I'm hoping we somehow caught them on an off night.
Simply for the price alone, I expected much better quality fish. Temperature and texture were just off. The fish came out just too warm and too much of what we ate was fibrous rather than silky. I frequently use uni as a guide to how "fresh" items are at a sushi restaurant, but they were all out so that meant no oyster sliders or uni 
Ok, I get that many items on the menu are non-traditional and "innovative" but for being referred to some as the "BEST sushi in the city," we paid way too much for the lowest quality sushi we've had in the city. 
This is one of the rare times I've really felt mislead by yelp. It doesn't make sense to me. Unless the regular sushi chefs were away and they had some completely inexperienced chefs in their place preparing everything, I really don't know what happened. 
The best thing about our meal was the beer we brought hoping to pair along with our dinner: Firestone Parabola Reserve.Best Sushi is Philadelphia.. Hands down.  This is a small sushi restaraunt located in the fairmont area.  I love the fact that is located out there, because you can actually find street parking around it.  It is a small intimate place, so don't expect some large sushi restaurant.  It is a dimly lit place and perfect for a date!  
We initially started with the edamame, which was fairly standard.  We seem to like edamame in general as an appetizer prior to sushi, so it is something I would get again.  We then jumped into the sushi.  The specialty rolls are actually really good... and kind of expensive.  You do get a fairly large roll - usually around 5-6 rolls.  Like everybody else says on here.. get the Godzilla roll.  It is really really good.   They are worth it.  The specialty rolls are creative and different. The other rolls are very tasty as well.  What I really love about this place, is that everything tastes so fresh!
Great restaurant.. I will be back.  This is a BYOB.  Make sure to get reservations since it is busy.This place is by far my favorite sushi joint and the BEST sushi joint in the city.  It is a BYOB in the Fairmount area and is totally worth the expense every now and then.  It is a very small place, so make sure you either go early or make reservations-you can rarely pop up on a whim on Friday and Saturday nights.  The new decor opens up the room a bit.  While you are waiting, you can watch the sushi chefs work their magic, or you can look at all of your delicious options on the jumbo screen.
All of their sushi taste super fresh and the fish portions are quite big.  The designer rolls are a bit expensive, but the general rolls are cheaper and satisfying. My favorite dishes are the Spicy Tuna (which is mouth watering), the rock shrimp, and the Godzilla roll.  You can order three or four rolls to share with a two people and leave satisfied.
Though you can compare Doma to Umai Umai, Umai wins in overall in decor, dish appearance, food freshness, and portion size.We are regulars. We are picky eaters. Great sushi, great salads and appetizers, wide variety.Great atmosphere with quality service and good prices. Highly recommend the rainbow roll.All around great establishment, fresh fish,
accommodating staff, great atmosphere. Best sushi byob in the city.As part of a weekend we like to call "most awesome weekend ever," my husband and I visited umai umai with two other couples. I still can't stop thinking about the oyster shooters!! It was the most delicious thing I've ever tried at a sushi restaurant. We had two rounds for the group, and we all even commented about how they make you FEEL so good in addition to being absolutely incredibly delicious. Other highlights of the meal were the raw lobster, the goldeneye snapper sashimi, and the Godzilla roll. An all-around superb experience. Byob ginger beer was cool too.Came on a Saturday night with reservations and the place was packed. We were seated within five minutes of arrival. The space is pretty intimate and tight. The sushi was pretty good and it's BYOB. The wait staff was friendly and informative. No real complaints here would definitely visit again if in the area.Delicious!  Sushi was fresh, creative and flavorful.  Plenty of seating, yet intimate with vibrant decor.  Gotta love a BYOB!  Restaurant has a great location in fairmount, a few steps from the art museum.  Wait staff was excellent.This place is OK, but way over-rated.  I went back a few weeks ago to give it a second chance.    For starters, it's EXPENSIVE.   Don't be fooled-the rolls might be bigger (in some people's views) but the fish inside isn't generous.  To be honest, you can't get out of there under $50 and eat enough to be satisfied.  I still say that SAGAMI in Collinswood is much superior--great fresh fish, and a HUGE portion of fish in each roll--authentic, reasonably priced, and it's been there for 25 years--a testament to the quality and staying power.   Umai Umai has a following, but I'm not among them.Just unbelievable. Chef Alex was working the sushi bar when I sat at the bar and him and his guy were flying through orders while making them look incredible. The rice and fish were the PERFECT temperature for sushi. The is well thought out food as far as flavor, uniqueness and texture go. The absolute only thing I wasn't crazy about was a bit of an overpowering Worcestershire flavor in the oyster shooters. Other than that- best sushi I've tasted since my Sushi Zen in NYC.I've been a religious Umai-ian for a while now.  
The chef is super dedicated to deliver quality food on customer's table and the service staffs are always accommodating and friendly.  
Many reviews states that the menu items aren't cheap but you pay for what you get. Do you want to pay $4 for buy one get one free spicy tuna? If you would rather fill up with quantity versus quality, this place is definitely not for you.  Even the spicy tuna is different.  It has big chunks of red tuna inside, which has never been frozen versus the scraped tuna from the left overs. yuck! 
My favorite items on the menu are:
TIRADITO: which is usually offered for summer menu
THEIR CITRUS SOY SAUCE - doesn't even compare to regular ponzu.  i swear it has crack it in
the Lost roll, Godzilla, a simple spicy tuna
CHIRASHI.  DEFINITELY CHIRASHI.  I love how the fishes are small bite sizes and the rice is perfectly seasoned.  
Calamari salad - dressing is like crack
Salmon sushi, the belly side.  it's like butter in your mouth.
Oyster shooters & UNI (sea urchin) - their sea urchin is something special with salmon roe. If you are virgin to sea urchin, this is the place to have your first uni b/c it's super fresh and sweet.
SALMON ROE: it'll change your mind & opinion about salmon roe. forever. period. Add quail and it's even better.
i love the fact that it's BYOB and tucked away in a hidden spot. It makes it that much cozier for a date spot.  Instead of paying for $18 roll covered in escolar, which everyone sells as super white tuna - totally not true!, try my favorite spot and stop being so mean about the price.  I fully support my sushi spot in my neighborhood. and all my new york friends are hooked too :PBest sushi place in town. I could eat there almost everyday. The place is charming and have a perfect room just is not baby friendly but almost of the sushi places aren't.One of my fav sushi spots in the city goes to Umai, a cozy little BYO in the heart of Fairmount.  Reservations are recommended during weekends as I  have been disappointed before, calling at 5pm on a Friday, only to be turned away.
During one of my first visits here, one of my friends pushed his rock shrimp tempura dish to the center of the table with such great disdain, we thought something was wrong.  The rest of us gave it a try, and ended up racing each other for the last bits and got kicked out for fighting over who got to lick the plate clean.
Just kidding.
But seriously, give Umai a visit.  Sushi is fresh and flavorful, rolls are on the smaller side (my preference) but inventive.  Pricier than the typical Philly sushi place, but not ridiculously so (well worth it, in my opinion).  Not a ton of vegetarian options, but shame on you for not partaking in sushi anyway!I re-visited Umai Umai last week.  Unless I'm mistaken I think they dropped the prices in their specialty rolls.  Basic rolls are still $8 but the specialty rolls seem to have dropped to the low teens from the mid teens.My cousin drove 5 hours to Philadelphia just to eat this sushi! She never tried sushi before, and after I described their Godzilla rolls (shrimp tempura and eel with avocado, strawberry, honey, and macademia nuts), she was excited to give it a shot! Some things she said, "I wish I didn't have to swallow this, it tastes so good!"..."I wish I could just eat this for the rest of my life!"...and upon her mom asking her how it was, she said, "It was the best thing I ever had!" (and her mom's an amazing cook!) Umai is a great restaurant, and the Godzilla rolls are their specialty. BYOB and an empty stomach.The most fancy Sushi I've ever had! Price is high too!8 STARS!!!!!  this place f*#%ing rules.  like whoa.  godzilla roll with strawberry top = epic.  flying fish sashimi with the sickest presentation using the entire fish carcass, eyes and all = epic.  even the "regular" spicy tuna roll = epic.  but what blows this place out of the water, topping even the cozy decor, BYOB status, and impeccable service, are the change-your-life good oyster shooters.  seriously, the best thing i've ever tasted in my life.  we had them as an appetizer, and again for dessert.  insane amazing flavor VIP party in my mouth.  we're visiting friends for the weekend and we've already made plans to stop by for oyster shooters at least once tomorrow and again sunday before we leave.  best. ever.  and $30/person.  
5 word summary:  go here.  oyster shooters.  epic.Wonderful BYOB with a diverse menu. Best spicy tuna roll in town because the tuna is left in pieces instead of being mashed up. Their pad thai is an interesting tomato-based sauce that tastes amazing. Great atmosphere, great service.I'm a big sushi lover and have worked with several of the nations best sushi chefs.  
I love this place for dine in and take out.  I agree that this is the best sushi in Philadelphia.  Many of their more exotic roll are phenomenal.  The Godzilla roll with Macerated Strawberry's is a textural Masterpiece, and somehow does not end up too sweet.  
However, some other rolls get a little muddled with too many flavors.  I'm not a purist, but occasionally over-thinking great sushi can subvert the freshness of their fish, and the obvious care with which the fish is cut and rolled.
Overall a clear standout!If Yelp had half-stars, I'd give it a 2.5. I didn't dislike it, but I wasn't particularly wowed either. I look for quality fish and simplicity in my sushi, and this place just didn't do it for me.
It's contemporary, so it has "designer" rolls including things like strawberries and macademia nuts with fried shrimp, or some nonsense with cream cheese (which does *not belong near sushi!). The rolls we ordered were pretty tasty and innovative, just not my bag when it comes to sushi. The decor reminded me of mattresses on the wall, and of course there was the ubiquitous jazz music in the background.The server was friendly and did a good job. 
All in all, while I didn't dislike it, I probably wouldn't send people here.I love this place!!
Great date night place..nice lighting and atmosphere.
Small, cozy place, BYO.
The staff is great, I've never had a bad experience or bad service.
The sushi is so fresh and absolutely delicious. Every specialty roll I've tried has been amazing, even the most interesting flavor combos!
My favs: Godzilla, Eternal Sunshine, Pingu.
The edmame is perfect, too.Lets just say that I love this place and I tell people to come here as often as I can.
I don't even know where to start with this place.  It is cozy, but that makes its feel more exclusive and desirable to me, almost like a neighborhood gem that's just waiting to be found.  The decor is sheik (minus the flat screen displaying mouth watering food shots) and the open sushi bar right at the front door gives a great view of the masterpieces they create.  Next time I want to sit at the bar and just watch!
We started off with the Kumamoto oysters which were very big for the variety and each of the 3 preparation were excellent.  I could have eaten probably 40 of them and still had a whole meal.  Next up was the tuna tartar which had a consistency and a look of an unwrapped piece of sausage but the flavor was there for sure.  We also had the scallop carpacchio, which i've had before, and was again reminded why I continue to order this dish.
For our entree the table split the Traffic Light Roll, the Spirited Away roll (one of my favorite movies), and the Eternal Sunshine roll (another favorite).  The Traffic Light is similar to a spider roll, but with tobiko on top are all different colors (red, yellow and green) and have different flavors to go along.  Very yummy, very crisp soft-shell crab.  The Spirited Away was also very good, but my favorite was the Eternal Sunshine, with the star performance by the blueberry balsamic drizzled around the roll.  I really could go for more right now.  The presentation of these three rolls were also more like art, with great attention to detail, not with just each individual roll, but also with how they were arranged on the plate.
Then came dessert.  Now i usually never order dessert at an Asian or Mexican restaurant, but the ones on the menu here sounded a bit more inventive than your average fare, and i'm so glad i tried them!  The banana spring rolls were excellent, and since there were four of us, I only got to have one of the bites, but this left plenty of room for the Funnel Cake and fondue.  The funnel cake was light and fluffy and not over saturated with oil, and i don't know where this chocolate came from, but i burned myself several times and was accused of double dipping my cake (i always bite from one side and turn the piece around as to not contaminate, and have maximum chocolate exposure).
I wish i lived and Philadelphia so i could come back here monthly!  Another great Philly BYO!!!Yep.. 5 stars.. Iv'e been to a few other sushi places around town and this is my favorite. Not only do they have the standards for vegans (i.e. avocado and cucumber rolls), they also have a vegan tofu and a vegan tempura roll which are delicious. The avocado and the cucumber rolls are only $3 too which is unheard of in the city. Atmosphere is nice and the servers were helpful. Thumbs up!We stumbled upon Umai Umai by accident and I was completely impressed. 
The prices aren't dirty cheap but for what you get in quality for paying a dollar or two more is well worth the return in flavor. 
The udon soup I had was robust with flavor and reasonably priced. 
My friends got regular Han rolls which were generous in size and had great flavor. 
I got one of the specialty rolls cooked tuna a raw fish or two and it was absolutely massive so that did not disappoint. 
BYOB and great for a date or for getting your night started. They have some outside seating which is awesome for the summer months. Our waitress was a bit slammed with other tables but it was a busy night so I won't hold it against her.Hands down favorite sushi place. The Brussels sprout salad is incredible. I've loved ever sushi roll I've ever had there. Served best with the wonderful, friendly service.Visiting from LA and decided to go for sushi in Philly.  Just a side note, sushi is LA is awesome, you can find a complete range of styles and artistry and the fish is outstandingly fresh.  After eating at Umai I would say this place here in Philly absolutely rocked it!!! 
After surveying the menu, it is a collection of unique and thoughtful presentations, with some seemingly strange combinations.  Most of the dishes are not the standard ones you'll see in 95% of sushi restaurants. 
I had the Octopus starter and a Soft Shell crab roll with multicolor Ikura on top.  The octopus was tender and slightly spicy and accompanied with a vinaigrette salad.  The soft shell crab was in roll form and bursting with flavor.  Both dishes were excellent in presentation and most importantly, tasted great.  Wow, don't miss this place if you're in the mood for rolls.
BTW, BYOB and you're go to go!By far the best sushi I've ever had. 
La. NYC. Hawaii. 
I always prefer Umai Umai. 
Kraken and Godzilla rolls!!We recently enjoyed a lovely dinner with our son and his fiance here. It's a nice cozy spot with friendly staff and great sushi. We started with the miso soup and the tum yum soup. Next we had the Tapas for Two and the grilled octopus. For the table we ordered some of their designer rolls. We had the ping pong roll, the King Kong roll, the Henrietta roll and the traffic light. We also ordered the sesame-crusted tuna and the seafood paella. Suffice to say we over ordered and took quite a bit of food home with us. We will definitely be back and I recommend you try them if you are looking for exceptional sushi served with a smile.I will say that the fact it's BYO is the only thing keeping this place from being prohibitively expensive. It is however, worth the expense. 
My date and I got the sushi combo and the poseidon roll to start. It was a little overwhelming - there were I think twelve cuts of fish plus the roll. Some were better than others, but all were very yummy. The roll was really good - a mix of sweet and savory and topped with eel which = my favorite. It wasn't particularly innovative - just a lot of tastes in one place, but they were all really really good tastes. We followed up with the Nemo which was awe.some. Wrapped in cucumber, spicy and cruncy, oh it was great. And it was one of the cheaper rolls in the "Designer Rolls" section of the menu. Yum.
The service was great - our server was very helpful and attentive. It was a little small and a little loud, but not so much to keep me from going back. I'll echo others in suggesting to get reservations later in the week to ensure a table when you get there.Umai Umai is a must-try place in my opinion. Quality has always been consistent and service from the servers is so friendly and welcoming. If you like spicy and seafood, give the Seafood Paella a try. It was sooooo delicious! Also, we thoroughly enjoyed the tuna bibim. it made the whole restaurant smell good! From the rolls, id have to say Pingu is a constant favorite. With it, king kong roll compliments it well since Pingu is pretty much fried (but oh so delicious). Anyways, i always look forward to going back because I have yet to try everything on the menu! Oh, dont forget to make reservations on the weekends.I remember when this first opened and I had been living in Fairmount. We were excited about a sushi bar being around the corner and hoped it would be as great as it was made out to be by the owner. I met up with him one day outside the restaurant when I was passing by and he was explaining that he was trained by Morimoto San and this and that. I thought wow this place is gonna be great. We went in that weekend and I have to say that I felt taken advantage of price wise. The fish was ok but for what we paid it was terrible. We sat and watched a clumsy sushi chef fumble round with rice and water then our fish then more water then rice etc... His style of preparing the sushi ruined my appetite completely. It comes down to the fish being ok, the prices are way too high, and the e trees aren't a tuning to write home about.  I hate giving bad reviews but when your are going to move into a neighborhood like Fairmount and take advantage of people then my gloves are off. Go to Morimoto...I had an ok experience here, but not great. I'd say it's over-rated. The sushi wasn't bad, but nothing to write home about. Everyone has told me how amazing they were, so I had to try it...but I would take "Fat Salmon" or "Doma"  over this place any day.Best sushi in the city. They offer some unique fish not served at other places and it is always fresh. It's not your typical American sushi fare. Try the chirashi. The rice is seasoned perfectly. It's a BYOB. BUT! I often see folks bringing in red wine. I'll help! That doesn't go with sushi. Bring a saki, a white, or try Old Philly Ale House on 565 North 20th Street. Those folks know everything about beer and can match the perfect beer with your sushi!Food = 5 Stars
Service = 4.5 Stars
Atmosphere = 4.5 Stars
This place gets 5 stars easy, based on the food alone. It's a BYOB with indoor and outdoor seating. As soon as you walk in, you can watch the sushi chefs preparing the rolls. The portions are very large, and my first time there I ordered way too much. Things I've had at Umai and loved are:
Udon Soup = Great way to get the party started. 
Asian Tapas = Serves two people. I recommend always getting this before the sushi comes out. It has four things to snack on, all which are delicious. The best part is, the tapas come sitting in their own dipping sauce. The sauce is what really makes this appetizer worth getting.
Ping Pong Roll = It's crunchy and spicy. My favorite of all that I tried at Umai.
Godzilla Roll = An amazing desert type roll/summer type roll. It has avocado, honey, macadamia nuts and strawberry - mixed with crispy tempura. It's awesome.
Spartan Roll = Another great invention. It's like a surf and turf style roll with Beef and Shrimp Tempura with chives and aoili. Also delicious.You want to have the best Sushi in town? Come here! Nothing is better than the taste, craftsmanship, and passion Chef McCoy puts into each roll. Truly Philadelphia's best kept Sushi secret.After having lived in the neighborhood for almost years & passing this sushi spot every day on the bus, I finally dined here last night. The service was excellent - our waitress was friendly and our food was delivered quickly. This spot is BYOB which is very helpful considering the prices. However, we decided not to & instead ordered the green tea to start, which was very refreshing. 
My husband had the Miso Soup to start and I had the Mixed Green Salad w/ Ginger Dressing. Unexpected large portion of the salad, and it was topped with cucumbers, red peppers, and shallots. Delicious! 
For our main course we split the Sashimi Platter ($25) and the Ping Pong Roll (Spicy Tuna Hot Pocket, Chives, Spicy Aioli). The Sashimi was incredibly fresh & presented beautifully. The Ping Pong Roll had a great crunch to it, and a lot of flavor. 
Overall, this was a very good meal. I will say that while the service was great, and the sushi was good, the cost is prohibitive in terms of making this a weekly spot. We will be back again, but not on a regular basis.This place is great, BYOB excellent rolls. Everything is reasonable, you can try a couple different rolls without breaking the bank. The Nemo Roll has to be my favorite roll of all time (anywhere). Excellent, super refreshing, and that CRUNCH! The Krakken is my runner up.. Excellent combination with the cherries. Who would have thunk... Cherries in sushi. Amazing..The service is also impeccable. Very attentive and accommodating. Wouldn't change a thing, except the location.. .Wish it was closer to my house!I had heard amazing things about Umai Umai from many people, so I was thrilled to try it for the first time...and wound up with food poisoning. I know eating raw fish comes with some risk, so I went back a second time and ordered Chirashi for takeout. When I got home, I was completely disappointed to see that the few pieces of fish I had received were so thin that I could see through them - as thin as the ginger. 
Between those two off-putting experiences, I won't be back to see if third time is the charm.I usually don't go for creative rolls coz I'm more of a traditionalist when it comes to sushi, but some of the rolls at Umai Umai really got to me (including the strangely sounding Godzilla roll with strawberries!!!), and the ingredients were super-fresh. My only beef with the place? Service was waaaaay too slow. They totally need more sushi chefs to keep up with the orders. Next time I'm calling ahead to put my order in.Fresh and unique sushi in an intimate atmosphere. I had a shrimp tempura roll and a ping pong roll. The ping pong roll is spicy tuna with a fresh pineapple salsa on top. I've never had anything like it! That was the most delicious sushi roll I've ever tasted. The service is friendly and fast, and the atmosphere is cozy and intimate. I recommend this place to anyone as they have unique rolls (for those wanting to try something new) and the usual rolls.this place inside is reserved modern looking and small. i have never made reservations, but it does get crowded, so boys if are taking your lady on the weekend, i would suggest calling ahead. the sushi chef prepares the food in the bar area while you are seated at small tables.
i totally enjoyed the spicy tuna roll and the kobe beef. this restaurant likes to play with your palette, using unexpected flavors in their dishes, such as blueberry, but it all works and tastes amazing. the desserts are yum yum. i always enjoy green tea ice cream, but my heart melts for the fried banana dish. 
the sushi is fresh and the price here is a bit high. but you get to sit in a relaxed atmosphere with your neighborhoodies with a friendly staff at hand. 
i know there are a lot of sushi places here in philthy, but this one is in the art museum/fairmount area, which was lacking one. all in all, this place serves tasty sushi at bourgeosis prices. umai umai=yum yum. if it is crowded, or you are lacking in mad money, i have often kept walking and just gotten some sushi at whole foods like a true proleteriat.Thinking about Umai Umai makes my mouth water.  Everything is amazing here, especially the sushi.  I got a Savored deal and my boyfriend and I ended up with a 6:30 reservation, which might be "early" for some people, but I can eat any time of day.  
We ordered two specialty rolls, including one with beef, which was good, but I've had a better beef roll at Sushi Samba in NYC.  However, everything else (including the soup, calamari salad and boatload of sushi) was outstanding.  This cute BYO will always be one of my favorites in the city.For what it's worth, Dear Yelpers, Umai Umai has secured a spot in my Hall Of (food) Fame.  After Doma flat-out fumbled our reservation for six on Saturday night, Umai Umai took us in for a late seating and was the savior of our Lake House reunion party.  It only seemed fitting that we get together and drink the last of our Upstate NY vino from our recent trip north.  I've been to Umai Umai several times, and I'm always surprised at the quality of the fish, the creativity of the rolls, and the congeniality of the staff.  However, this time I was blown away.  If you do not try the Eternal Sunshine Roll then you have no love for all that is delectable in life.  Just give up now and save the joyousness for the rest of us.  Get out of my sunshine.  The chef was graciously accommodating of my shellfish allergy - I loathe having to request substitutions, but the Godzilla Roll rendered me begging, even for some bastard form of it.  The chef substituted the Shrimp Tempura for Salmon Tempura.  Damn.  I surrender.  I'm sure after 10 bottles of wine, the service staff must have thought we were lunatics, but they were all smiles as we closed the restaurant down.  Two apps, three huge specialty rolls, and a well-earned tip set us back $75.00.  I've spent twice that on meals half as good.  Get to Umai Umai while there's still fish left in the ocean.  You'll see what I'm talking about.Best sushi spot in Fairmount. Great sushi, but look out for the brussels sprouts and the paella!!!came in via recommendation. I and the lady would say that they got our 4 thumbs up! It is BYOB so make sure that you do if you plan to on your date! We failed there... Anyway - staff was friendly, food came out in a decent manor of time, it satisfied the taste buds and the candle lit dinner was romantic enough for newly dates or vets! 
Get you some!Great sushi and extremely fresh! They are also BYOB which makes it that much better. Although the sushi is a bit on the expensive side the BYOB offsets the costs. My favorite sushi spot in the city, even after the move the Fishtown we still come back! Must visit!Best sushi in town, and much better than Morimoto.  Owner is awesome (love sitting at the bar), service is great, and while the sushi is amazing, the other dishes on the menu are totally worth trying.  BYO is a bonus.Hands down my favorite sushi in the city--and I've made my rounds, including morimoto. Every time I go I am fully satisfied. 
It is a verrrrry small, BYOB with to die for special rolls. I have yet to dislike one. The traffic light (topped with red, yellow, and green roe) is a personal favorite. 
Also, if you go you MUST get the dessert, the name of which is escaping me, that is a cross between funnel cake and churros with chocolate....all while being delicate.What else can I say. Awesome Sushi! Great atmosphere.BYOB. Although they did re-decorate and I think there is a TV in there now....Not into that...but whatever. Go here.This was my favorite sushi place during my 2 year romance with Philadelphia.
The place is sort of small inside and very dark, it can also be sort of loud.  Usually, though, the ambiance is fine (much better than the trying-so-hard-to-be-cool Fat Salmon).
Not to be racist against my own race... But when I first walked in and saw a white guy like me making the sushi, i was worried.  After we ordered my fears were quickly assuaged.  He was clearly a master with the knife and the fish was incredibly fresh.
My favorite items on the menu are the sashimi options.  There is a large assortment of different fish to choose and everything that I tried was fresh and delicious.
They also have a lot of tooly rolls with names like "the spirited away roll".  If you're going to name something after an anime, can't you at least pick one that was not distributed by Disney?  Sheesh.  But, these tend to be very popular, so I'm assuming they are very good.  I saw a lot of people with the "stop light roll" or something.
Overall, it is excellent sushi.  Highly recommended.  If on a date, get the Unagi.  It's supposedly an aphrodisiac.Brussels sprout salad was fantastic. Oyster shooters have lots of wonderful flavor. Sushi was very fresh. Traffic light had wonderful presentation and nice flavors. Excellent service and byob. What is not to like about this place. Highly recommend.Its such a blessing to have this lovely sweet place just down the street from me. I love the ambiance (though it can be a bit loud sometimes) and the sushi always made fresh. They are very creative with their menu & always comes up with something new. You won't be disappointed. BYO, so I always bring my martini shaker with me to quench my thirst for the summer.Amazing sushi, laid back atmosphere. Love the fact that it's BYO. Have been a few times & each time left very happy. Great place for a casual date night or to gather with a few friends without paying what you would at most Center City establishments. Spartan roll is out of this world!When it comes to sushi in the city, there are tons of options, but no one with the consistent deliciousness and truly inspirational rolls that this spot has. I'm a suburban sushi girl (Blue Fin all the way!!) but even they haven't come up with some inspirational rolls like the Godzilla and the Enternal Sunshine roll. 
Be sure, these rolls are expensive, but the most you need are 2 specialty rolls and a regular (but delicious) spicey crunky tuna :-)My boyfriend brought me to umai umai for a date, and it was a perfect choice! We came on a weekday around 8:00 and the restaurant was not very full and the atmosphere was cozy and intimate. We were late for our reservation because parking was almost impossible to find, but the staff was very understanding and more than pleasant the whole time.
The food was absolutely amazing! While the prices are a little high, every dish we had was prepared beautifully and the flavors were vibrant and complex. Definitely worth it. I highly recommend this place!
(FYI A previous Yelp review said the rolls all have 8 pieces, just so you know, they don't! Ours had 5-6)I won't return here unless I hit the lottery.
The inside is very nice. I was dressed somewhat casually and felt underdressed. This is more of a dress-up kind of place
The portions are SMALL.
It is not cheap.
The waitstaff is kind and attentive.
It is BYO, which is nice, but it doesn't make up for how expensive it is.
We left still feeling hungry after a shared appetizer and two rolls to ourselves, to the point of eating again after we left.
The rolls were good but not worth the price. There are certainly better places in the neighborhood, but if you are rolling in dough and are itching to dress up and have a fancy experience out on the town, this place will suffice.
FYI, we brought vodka and got looks. Everyone else had sake.overrated! sushi is just okay, nothing surprise.. and small portions too. With this price range, I can have something better near the city.I love quaint little sushi places like this; the ambiance really reminds me of a little place in Japan! It's small but cozy and if you're lucky you'll get a seat right at the sushi bar and watch the magic happen. It's BYOB which is a huge plus. Definitely recommend a reservation since it's quite small.
We started with the oyster shooters, WHICH ARE EXQUISITE. i could honestly eat 100 of them, they're presented beautifully but the umami flavor is on point!
The hot rock filet is good but i wish there was more meat but for the price it makes sense. Udon was good but broth to noodle ratio, we need more noods!
THE ROLLS:
Henrietta is definitely recommended and the spicy salmon was so fresh I was a huge fan. 
I can't wait to come back and try everything else on the menu! Service was great as well!Little neighborhood sushi cafe in Fairmount/Spring Garden. BYOB. Very little wall art; but, candlelit and cozy. This place is super popular. You'll need reservations, especially on weekends. I went to grab takeout on a Friday night and saw a couple told to put their name on the list and come back in an hour and a half. They were fine with it; the sushi is that good. Umai loses a star only for their lack of veg options. Only two items on their menu are veg: vegetable roll + miso soup. One time, the server offered to make me a veg tempura roll even though it wasn't on the menu. It was scrumptious. She said that the sushi chefs are happy to make any veg roll I wish, as long as they have the ingredients. Definitely something to note!This is hands down the BEST sushi in Tri state area! Trust me when I say that.  The designer rolls are amazing - I cannot count the number of non sushi-eaters I have taken here who leave reformed and blown away. Nobody is doing better flavor profiles.  Pricing is very reasonable and BYOB helps. The staff are the most friendly I have encountered anywhere and very knowledgable. I cannot say enough good things about this place/ perfect for romantic dinner for two or night out with a group - cannot go wrong here. Please note that we have only really eaten the raw items and have never really ventured to any of the cooked entrees - but that is because the sushi items are too good!! You will NOT be disappointed!It was prettty good sushi, but not good enough for the price, it is pretty steep, I would rather go to Vic or Jay's favorite sushi bar. 
Probably never going back.I was impressed with their presentation of their dishes. Their seafood paella and scallop carpaccio was delicious. Was not too fond of the 4-8-15-16-23-42 dish, it lacked flavor but made up for it on the Krakken. Overall the food was pretty good.Oyster shooter with quail egg outstanding .... Good sushi, roll (kamata?) with cherry was very different and delicious .... Have always found, when going out for sushi, that it would be beneficial to wander elsewhere if dessert was desired ....  Not here, quality desserts with good variety .... No coffee, but diverse tea selection ..... Smallish place but they do take reservations (shouldn't everybody ???  what are we, animals ???) ......Every time I go somewhere else to eat sushi, I realize it's not quite as good as Umai Umai.  It's absolutely delicious, has the freshest ingredients; the atmosphere and decor is romantic & sleek.  It's a corner BYO.  Can't beat it!!!This is one of my absolute favorites! I eat here about once a month. I love the godzilla roll and seafood clay pot. I have taken everyone I know to this restaurant. I was a little disappointed however my last visit when they lost the alcohol they said they would keep for me from my birthday and didn't have coconut milk to make curry on a Saturday night at 8pm?! 
I'm sure I will be back though...The quality of fish at umai umai is outstanding. I was worried when I saw rolls with apricot preserves and mango and cream cheese, but everything was done to perfection, from the crispy Brussel sprouts to the phenomenally diverse, fresh, and well done chirashi (with salmon, seared tuna, toro, scallop, uni, squid, amberjack, salmon roe, micro greens included), to the oyster shooters with quail egg and salmon roe, to the fun and beautiful rolls. Great and friendly service!  I'll definitely be going back!By far my favorite sushi spot in the city and my attendance record can prove that.  I bring all out of town visitors here without hesitation.  I also introduce anyone in the area that has never been to this wonderful gem.  The spicy tuna is amazing - no chopped up paste like everywhere else, they give real hunks of meat.  My favorite would have to be the Spartan roll not only for the flavor but also the creativity I've never seen elsewhere.  Must try!Hands down, best sushi restaurant in the city. I've been here 10+ times and have never had a bad experience. Be sure to call and make a reservation.What I got: Nigiri set ($30), oyster shooter ($?). 
Benchmarks: Doma (PHL), Sushi Yoshida (NYC) and Sushi of Gari (NYC)
Chef's choice nigiri set consists of 16-17 pieces of choice fish. The variety of white fish (shiromi) is quite impressive considering most "sushi" consumed in this locale is of the rolled form. Shiromi is more difficult to keep a regular stock than tuna because it does not age. (A test for your premium sushi restaurant. If they are not aging their tuna, they are not buying them in blocks. Hence sub-premium) Kudos to the 2 guys behind the counter for having quality white fish (sea bream, kinmedai, etc) week in, week out.
This is my go-to place for sushi in Philly. On par with Yoshida (NYC) for white fish. Tuna is not great here (better or as good as any in Philly), but there are only few places outside of Japan who would know what "hara-kami-ichiban" is....
If you are stuck having a sushi snob as a guest, take them here. You can blame me and Philly if they are not satisfied.We got together with family on a Thursday night.  I found this place on Yelp, looking for a sushi restaurant in Philly.  So glad I made reservations as I don't think we would have gotten in.  A very small, but cozy environment.  There were 5 of us and we were placed in a small nook, making conversation easy and enjoyable.  The sushi was very good - well made and fresh.  Apps included the Edamame, Brussel Sprout salad, which was really, really good! And the octopus, which I didn't try but was reported as good. The menu also includes some entrees, such as salmon, but all of us chose to have sushi. We were not disappointed.  It is a BYOB restaurant, which makes it an extra nice perk.  I would definitely return but if you go, make reservations! We saw that some people had to be turned away and it wasn't even a weekend.A romantic little restaurant tucked away in the corner of the Art Museum District. The restaurant is cozy, with great service. The service, presentation and food was excellent.
The designer rolls alone are definitely worth checking out, the Godzilla roll in particular could take down tall buildings. The other rolls were good, but I found myself dipping them in the Godzilla Roll sauce, strawberries and macadamia nuts, umai umai... 
The dining experience included the tapas (for 2) appetizer which included chicken spring rolls, gyoza, edamame, and shrimp shumai. The rolls dined on were Spicy Tuna, California Snow Crab and the Godzilla. After some wine the meal was topped off with a Banana spring roll, which has vanilla ice cream and sat on a bed of red bean. 
A great, but pricy ($$$) BYO. 
Umai Umai has found it way into my top 3 sushi restaurants in Philly.It's a cute, local place. The food is fresh and original. We loved the Brussels sprouts appetizer. The decor isn't my style and could use an update, but our meal and service was really good.Oh man, am I glad I found this neighborhood gem! 
Not only are the people so sweet, but the food is top notch!
Every roll I tried was incredible:
The Spartan - sirloin beef in a roll?? Sign me up!
The Eternal Sunshine - a suggestion from the staff and probably the weirdest combination I've ever tried, blew my mind!
Even rolls as simple as the California or the Spicy Yellow tail were great. 
Overall this place is awesome and I'm so glad it's close to home!Go here for the specialty rolls (where else can you find strawberries in sushi?). The Spirited Away and the Eternal Sunshine are my favorites, but the Traffic Light and Spartan are also tasty. I'm trying the Krakken next time I go.
Like the specialty rolls, the rest of the menu is very fusion-style- done in a good way. Intimate atmosphere, veering towards trendy.
Expensive, but BYOB keeps the cost down a bit. Great place for a date or girls' night out. The sig. other and I go here for celebrations- new jobs, promotions, etc. It's a nice treat.
Make reservations if you are going on Friday or Saturday nights.
They recently changed the decor to a pale green. I think it looks a little Christmas-y now. One gripe: they use river rocks as chopstick rests. I've gotten funky-shaped rocks which refuse to hold the chopsticks.I've been to many BYOB sushi places, but Umai Umai has been one of my favorites to date! It is definitely the best sushi place in Fairmount. Reservations are a must because the restaurant is extremely small and tight. I arrived on a Friday night with two friends and we ordered some savory edamame as an appetizer, followed by four large specialty rolls. I was a huge fan of all four rolls and I wish I could remember the names of them! If you are ever in the Fairmount area and looking for some delicious sushi, Umai Umai is hands down the place to go!In Short: Great sushi place in the area. I highly recommend this place.
The place is rather small. Other than that the atmosphere is great. It is a great spot for a date, or to meet with friends. It is very trendy, with a very contemporary look. Also the place is small but that allows you to see the sushi being made from almost every table. Huge benefit if you like that. (I really do!)
I went with my brother and we got I believe 5 specialty rolls, and 2 regular rolls. This is some of the freshest sushi, and tastiest I have had. I would suggest getting the Spartan role just because it's strange. Seriously, beef in a sushi roll, and its delicious! 
This is sushi so it is to be expected that it is a little on the pricey side, but well worth it. Just remember that it is BYOB so if you want a glass of wine with your sushi.I'm a huge fan of any restaurant I can walk to, and the options are fairly limited in Fairmount. Thankfully, Umai Umai is one of a few great sushi places in the area.
After the New Year I decided to start eating healthy, and me and the boyfriend decided to go for a sushi date. Umai Umai is BYO and is decorated very nicely. Cozy booths and dim lighting. 
To start we both got miso soup, which was one of the best I've had. I generally accept that miso soup is nothing special, just a hot soup to start the meal. However, this miso soup was very flavorful and something to come back to. Next we split the King Kong roll, since I was trying to stay away from anything fried. The roll was a rendition of the popular rainbow roll, with fresh fish, avocado, and cucumber. It was fresh and delicious. For our main we split the Chorashi, an assortment of sashimi, plus an order of a la carte Uni (which I've been dying to try). While not for everyone, I love sashimi, and the assortment that was brought to us was beautiful and delicious. It was served on a bed of seasoned rice, and I didn't find any fish I didn't like. Unlike most sushi restaurants that cut their sashimi thick, this fish was cut super thin and melted in your mouth.
I left feeling great, even though my boyfriend was still a bit hungry. We both agreed it was a great meal, and that we'd be back in the future.
Tip: the prices seem expensive for sushi, but the portions are larger than normal. The King Kong roll came with either 10 or 12 pieces (can't remember exactly, but more substantial than any roll I've seen elsewhere), and the Chorashi came with 3 slices of every fish imaginable. While definitely on the expensive side, it is worth it for the freshness you get.What a treat! I stumbled upon Umai Umai after checking into my air bnb in the Spring Garden neighborhood and after a day of traveling didn't feel like going too far. I was a block up and saw this cute sushi house and stopped in. 
The space is tight! I got there luckily just before the dinner rush because as soon as I parked myself comfortably at the bar area, the small space was filled with couples within minutes! 
At the bar, you get prime time sushi making access. I loved it! Sushi making is such an art and these guys made some mean sushi! Everything was fresh and meticulously prepared. To start I ordered green tea and for $4 you get a whole pot to yourself. I got about 4-5 cups out of it, plenty! The menu served up probably the most unique sushi combinations I've ever seen.  To be adventurous I went with the Godzilla Roll. WOW. If you can believe it, strawberries, honey, and crushed macadamia nuts are fantastic with shrimp tempura and rice. I highly recommend this Roll on your visit. They even do simple rolls fantastically. My second Roll was a spicy salmon and it was delicious! 
The couple next to me ordered salads that looked delicious as well as a whole plate of various nigiri style sushi. The chefs were knowledgeable about each piece and engaged with the couple throughout their meal as they seemed to be regulars. 
Amazing sushi spot. Will keep it on my list of places to visit while in Philly!I eat here regularly and the fish is consistently fresh and the service friendly. Fish sliced thin but overall great quality and prepared expertly.  Great placeFavorite sushi spot in the city. The rolls are inventive but not too over the top. If you're going to try only one I'd suggest the traffic light. For dessert you have to try the funnel cake fries. My only complaint would be you always wish there were more fries.Perfect.  Cozy, friendly staff, old board floors, up-tempo Asian decor.  
Food was fantastic.  Especially loved the fried scallop roll.  Small things count: the ceramic insulated teapot, the slim menus, the comfortable seating.
Don't usually have dessert, but here was sold on the funnel fries and chocolate fondue.
No lunch service.  Not to be confused with copy cat Umai in Lansdale.I've been here about four times since they opened and have never been disappointed.  I am not an avid sushi eater and don't know all the fancy "designer" rolls but I do think I know good service (and a good Philadelphia roll).  I mean, if you can't get the basics right, what hope do you have?  Still, I have been here with folks who eat those things (Poseidon and King Kong roll being favorites) and their reviews are on par with mine.  The food and service has been consistent and would recommend to anyone!Best sushi in the city! Great little BYO and interesting food combinations you won't see anywhere else. For example they have potato sushi in the Pengu roll or meat and cherries in another. Go try it.Umai has the pleasant appearance of a neighborhood spot. Its menu consists largely of fusion-sounding things (I seem to remember gorgonzola cheese and pad thai on the menu). My friend and I ordered chicken teriyaki, nigiri of maguro, hamachi and unagi, a hamachi ceviche sort of dish, oyster shooters and the sushi combination with a roll containing stewed beef in miso and shrimp tempura. The teriyaki was kind of dry and middling. The nigiri of hamachi was good, but the maguro had a peculiar off taste to it. The wasabi was a bit weak, the shoyu a bit below average. The ceviche had a pleasant combination of strong flavors, such that the hamachi only provided texture, though this is a common problem for such dishes. My friend enjoyed his oyster shooters very much, but the roll, while tasty, had a strange mismatch combination of tempura and beef stew that was unharmonious.Our friends claimed this was the best Sushi in Philadelphia, so we all went for dinner Saturday night. WOW is all I can say. The space is very small, with about 15 tables or so. Our waitress was very friendly and explained the translation of the restaurant's name as "YUM" in Japanese. We ordered about 9 different rolls and by far the best was the Godzilla. The strawberry on the top really set it off. My second favorite was the Pingu. The potato crunch was amazing. One thing that the entire group commented on was this sushi did not need any soy sauce or wasabi. Every bite I ate was perfect as is. Also, this is a BYOB which makes things even better! Make sure you have a reservation, as there are not many seats and we saw a lot of people waiting. I will never go anywhere else in Philly for Sushi again!Wow, the BEST sushi I've ever had in Philadelphia. I was going to give up on searching for quality sushi in Philly, but this was phenomenal. The service was also great. I had the Henrietta roll and Krakken roll, also the tapas appetizer. Everything was just amazing, definitely coming back!Dined here 4/3/2010.  Went in for a late dinner and found the restaurant nice and quiet.  Took advantage of the BYO option.  Decor is nice.  Staff is extremely pleasant and helpful.  As a sushi novice I was excited to try new things. Luckily I was with a self described "hardcore" sushi enthusiast.  The sashimi was excellent!  The house special of the evening was needlefish and it was outstanding!!  The oyster shooters were mouth watering and the uni was fun and delicious.  All in all a great night at a great local establishment.  I would definitely come back and recommend to other.Umai Umai is our favorite sushi place. Hands-down. The chef worked for Morimoto and you can tell in the preparation and presentation.  Everything is delicious and FRESH here.  They recently renovated the interior with cool and soothing paint colors and rearranged some of their tables.  It looks great.  Even though it is a small and cozy place, you don't feel like you are on top of the people next to you. 
We love their rolls especially the Traffic Light roll.  It is separated into three sections with red, yellow, and green on top that give it a burst of flavor.   The Godzilla roll is awesome with strawberry in it! I was hesitant to try it because I typically do not like my sushi rolls with fruit or loaded with items.  But this was awesome!  We usually order the edamame even though it is not on the menu to start.  We have had their carpaccio starters as well which are always full of flavor and excellent.  
Their classic rolls are good too. I like how the spicy tuna roll is not mashed up tuna mixed with spicy sauce.  It is actual pieces of tuna with a hint of the spicy sauce.   
BYO!  And they accept credit cards including Discover.  Their prices are very reasonable.
We have recommended Umai Umai to others who have raved about the sushi as well.Food was delicious and fun, something that I have not enjoyed in a long while, some of the normal staples where there but a really good section of original section of sushi, appetizers and starters."Designers rolls" - seriously?
That's just the beginning but the end is far away for Umai Umai.  Quaint little corner restaurants aren't as hard to come by these day and this is far from your average corner spot.  Umai Umai is truly an experience.
We dined with four people total so we had the opportunity to try lots on the menu.  Between the Traffic Light, King Kong and Godzilla rolls, we had to loosen the belt on the way out.  The "designer rolls" come in sets of twelve, so be careful to not over order but if you like variety, my suggestion is to go with a few people.
As far as price is concerned, it was a bit high but I wouldn't have given it 5 stars if it wasn't worth it!I have so much love for this place. 
Went for a pre-concert dinner with girlfriends and had a truly flawless experience. 
Sushi was, as you can tell from previous reviews, unique, fresh and delicious. Favorites included the designer rolls: Pingu, Traffic Light and our favorite: Krakken. But don't skip the traditional rolls either as they are equally as fabulous. Our favorites included the Philadelphia and (shockingly) the vegetable (which we mainly got to be "healthy"!)
Service was excellent, prices were reasonable. I can't wait to bring people here again soon!Went here on a weeknight.  Food is okay at best.  Service is not great either.  Swing of being overbearing and constantly asking us to place an order to completely disappearing and hard to get a check.  Even after providing our credit card- the server disappeared into the back of the restaurant out of sight.  Generally not as best practice considering all the credit card fraud opportunities out there.  Have had much better experiences with food and service at Doma down the street.delicious sushi. possibly the best in philly.
pricy but worth it.Sushi here is not that good.. All I can say is it was pretty cheap the menu prices on yelp are wrong... Everything was mushy and didn't even come with ginger. And to top it all off both me and my boyfriend got sick from the sushi and had stomach pains all night and the day after. Definitely won't be coming back here.Had a great time this past weekend at Umai. Heard a lot of good news about this place so I dropped in. I tried a couple of thier specialty rolls which was amazing, The Krakken and Ping pong. The staff was very friendly and helpful with selection I will definitely be back for more and its BYOB!Any coincidence that "Umai Umai" sounds kind of like "yummy yummy?" Probably not.
I've had this BYO bookmarked ever since I moved to Philadelphia, but since it was "so far away" from my Queen Village digs, it was hard to find motivation to get up there.
But then I found Savored.com, where you can book reservations for $10 and receive 30% off your entire meal (food and drink). While it might not make sense to use if you have a party of two, Zack H and I double dated with a Manayunk couple and we saved a LOT. Though the reservation was for four, we had a fifth wheel happily join us, and the staff moved around tables and chairs for us, no problem. 
We started with the "Tapas for Two" even though we were five, and everyone still got to try a bite of everything. Chicken spring rolls, soft and succulent edamame, shumai in saffron sauce, veggie dumplings. Each nibble was delicious.
And then came the rolls. Oh god, the rolls. I see some of the less favorable Yelp reviews note the "small" size of the rolls at Umai Umai, and I have absolutely no idea what they are talking about. You know how most spicy tuna rolls are filled with aout 50% spicy mayo and 50% chopped pieces of fish? Not here. Huge cubes of tuna with just a schmeer of spice along the inside of the roll. I don't mind paying $8 for a simple roll when it looks amazing and tastes even better. Salmon with avocado was equally as fulfilling and the Godzilla rocked our world. Everyone at our table wanted a bite of this crazy roll, which included shrimp tempura, eel, strawberry slivers and macadamia nuts. It was completely unique and every flavor fell perfectly into my mouth. 
Get your Savored invite here: http://svrd.co/tA80zmBeing a vegetarian, sushi bars are not my go to places. However I met up with a friend here and I loved it! I started out with the brussel sprout salad- to die for! Perfectly dressed and full of yummy veggies. I also had the vegetable sushi, which I don't think you can really screw up. But I liked the portion size of the roll. It was quite big! My friend got the traffic light with caviar and loved it too. I highly recommend this place, even for vegetarians.Umai is one of the best Japanese restaurants I've been to in Philadelphia. Its a great date place. The ambiance is romantic and its a byob.
I highly recommend the Chilean miso (Pan seared miso marinated Chilean sea bass) and the chef's choice combo sushi-sashimi platter ( believe me it is worth the price tag). Other notable menu items were the dynamic duo appetizer and the kobe beef.Had a delightful dinner here late one weeknight. The staff was very friendly in cluing my dining companions on some questions about the fish and service was prompt, and took care of opening and pouring our wine (BYO).
I always get a Philly roll wherever I go, and theirs was quite good. The Nemo roll (snow crab, masago, avacado, potato crunch wrapped in cucumber) was delicious. It was slightly more pricey than I usually go, but I was very satisfied with the meal. Would go again and recommend.Great quality sushi at reasonable prices.
Room is small but tables are well placed; service is impeccable.
A must.What set Umai apart from other sushi restaurants in the city was their massive specialty rolls for a great price. I've been eating at Umai for well over a year now, and eat there on a pretty frequent basis. The rock shrimp tempura is amazing, and we typically order multiple appetizers of the rock shrimp and calamari salad. When I ordered last night, I was notified that the menu had changed a bit with the rolls coming in a lesser number of pieces, but was assured it was the same amount of sushi for the price. The godzilla roll and spartan roll are our favorites, which came with about 12 pieces for $16-$18; however, the amount per roll was definitely worth the price because they were amazing. When we got the rolls yesterday, there were only 6 pieces of the spartan roll and 7 pieces of the godzilla roll - a substantial difference - for the same price. Although reassured that we'd receive the same amount regardless of the decrease in pieces, there was absolutely no way it was the same amount of sushi for the same price. I'm extremely disappointed in the decision Umai made to decrease their amount per roll because the price/amount is what set them apart from other sushi restaurants in the city tremendously. Minus how delicious the food is and the great quality of service, I doubt I'll eat there again soon. Do any other Umai-goers have similar thoughts?I live in Fairmount but always went into the center city for sushi. Decided to check this BYOB spot out and it ended up being the best sushi the city has to offer. Kind of upset I waited so long to check this place out and now its 100% my favorite place to go for sushi hands down. 
Gets a little loud when its packed but too many pro's to even matter.Absolute favorite spot for sushi. The designer rolls burst with flavor, and the nuts on top are a nice textural touch. The seafood paella is incredibly delicious. I'm not crazy about the funnel cake fries, but this place still gets 5 stars because the sushi and paella are the best I've had, and each dish is an experience of its own.One of my fav byo sushi spot in the city! Only has a few tables so make a rezzi.ok...so I'm not a big fan of fancy rolls...but this place was just AWFUL....all of their rolls were sweet and salty...and over priced....in addition, I'm still trying to get used to paying for the green tea....$3 for green tea???? you kidding me???This place is wonderful! BYOB, cannot beat the prices when you add that in. The Nemo rolls are amazing, sub with Salmon or tuna, they are dynamite. Service is super friendly and helpful. They do have some street seating as well. Low traffic area which is nice. Def a date spot/casual night out!The Godzilla roll is absolutely amazing.  They have a lot really unique specialty rolls here, that one is by far the best.  The Funnel Fried Fondue is great for sharing and super yummy.  Although the food here is great, I've had just as good sushi other places for less money so I think Umai is a little over priced for me personally even with it being BYOB.Best sushi in the city!  Have been there many times and is always consistent.  Love the appetizer shrimp tempura, Godzilla roll (so yummy), and oyster shooters.  A little pricey but worth it!I have been a FAITHFUL patron of Umai since 2009. This place holds a special place in my heart. 
I have celebrated birthdays, anniversaries, goodbye dinners, etc here.
The servers and owner treat us like family. They have accommodated our groups of 8 and made us feel like royalty. 
I judge all sushi restaurants against Umai in terms of freshness, ingenuity and execution.
I often order: the spartan, rock shrimp tempura with endive, godzilla, ping pong and spirited away.
Even though the designer rolls are around $14-18, you get a hearty portion. 
Huge plus: BYOB.
Enjoy :)We always do a Sushi dinner every New Year's Day. Ate here once before so I decided to make this the first dinner of the year. I was not disappointed, the sushi here is fresh, well presented and served by a friendly server. Place is small so make a RSVP. 
If I was to find a fault it would be with the overall up keep of the place. Maybe it's me but a little paint and and a little scrub and rub goes a long way with me.
 The restaurant opens at 5 pm (and dark) so most will not notice the scuffed up walls and the front door mat that could use a little vacuuming/steaming. I know none of this changes the taste or service of the food but when there are $$$ posted on your site I expect top notch and that includes the total package.  
Yes I will return because I love the restaurant's in the Fairmount area and I am a big Sushi lover. 
By the way I am a big believer that you get what you pay for....dinner for two.....109.78 no alcohol ...again sushi was great and service was cool lets just spruce the place up a little.