My colleagues and I decided to take a long walk and try something different, yes this is different from I'm used to.. Hotdogs that are cooked deep fried and imagine your own toppings. I love this place! Will def come back and try different hotdogs, bring cash and prepare to sweat when dining in.I stopped in for a quick lunch. The dogs are all 100% beef. 
Ordered the My Thai hot dog. This consisted of a peanut sauce and pickled veggies. It wasn't bad, but there was really nothing special about it that made me go wow. 
I also ordered a small bag of fries. Pretty substantial for $2 and change. It comes with a single dipping sauce with an order, but you can get another for a mere quarter. I wish I ordered another, I think the sriracha mayo was calling my name. Anyway, the fries were done well enough and the garlic aoili was tasty. Not bad for about $6.I really hope the owner reads these because it is embarrassing to complain in public. The hot dog bun was stale, I tried a second time and yes stale again- do you think we can't tell the difference if you toasted it? Bad idea to try to pass off stale buns by toasting them. Hot dogs were cold and not prepared the way it was supposed to be. The Texas says "wrapped in bacon and fried" however it was just regular and some rubbery bacon thrown in. I had a great Texas dog from a roadside truck on the way to Key West and boy was that good. Too bad this place ruined my craving.This was the single best hot dog of my entire life.  Before I finished it, I called my parents to rave about its deliciousness.  This was honestly the best decision I've ever made.  I am thinking about going back for a dinner hot dog.Ordered a Marrakesh dog.  It was a shriveled dry sausage on a cloying oversized starchy roll with a teaspoon of chopped onion and tomato and a pinkish yellow sauce.  I did not take a bite, just put on my jacket and left.  How could they serve such an obviously disgusting product?  Avoid this place.  Horrible.I used to have an affinity for this place. This used to be my son's favorite hot dog place. Unfortunately, we had a very very bad experience here last Sunday. We should've known when we walked in to see dirty tables and filthy floors and shreds of napkin and straw remnants on some of the tables. They were out of most ingredients, the buns were stale and chunks of onion the size of pieces of Apple bites that cut up for my six-year-old. This place needs a redo in the worst way!Underdogs is a cool spot to grab an insanely cheap (especially for Rittenhouse area!) filling, good, not-your-every-day meal. I stuck to the tried and true original dog for trip one.  It was awesome.  These dogs remind me why I should never even think about going vegetarian again.  But wait, they have veggie dogs too. 
If you go, get the combo.  We got two combo meals for $13.  CHEAP. It's really cheap and their fries are awesome.  You get a free dipping sauce.  I got the horseradish mustard and it was excellent.
 Service was fast.  The restaurant is adorable, very bright and plays good music.   Minus one star for unfriendliness.  Maybe it was an off day.  I'll give it another shot.Decent hotdog place. Nothing special, but they do have a lot of variety. 
Luckily, they accept credit cards now. 
Food Quality/Taste = 3 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Stars
Price = 3 Stars
Experience with Staff = 3 Stars
Decor = 2 Star (it's underground and its easy to hit your head on the overhead beam when coming down the steps)Ok so I went to try out Underdog today, even after reading Christine's suggestion to wait until off hours and the place was packed!! Decided to wait until after work and just pick up dinner from there and it was 1000% better at round 4:45, no wait at all.
I got a veggie version of the Chicago style dog to take home but had to try it in the store and at first bite I was a little afraid. Nothing to do with Underdogs dogs but As a new vegan/vegetarian (working out the kinks of giving up dairy:)) as well as a person that's very particular about her hot dogs, I only like beef and certain brands I had a fear of not finding a suitable substitute and can't see me going without that yummy flavor for life.  However the bite that I'd taken did not include any of my toppings, just the "dog" and the bun so I was hopeful.
So when I got home and ate it in it's entirety I was very pleased. It gave me the bite/texture of a hot dog although it doesn't have the exact same taste and the toppings made it taste as if I was eating a regular dog with some additional spices to it. Yet for vegetarians who are not fans of mock foods tasting too close to the real thing, I didn't feel it gave me that at all. Just tasted enough like a hot dog to satisfy when a craving for one hits.
I also got the combo which came with fries and a drink, and the fries came with a dipping sauce, I chose the garlic aioli (again with my dairy wrestling) and it was really tasty. 
I look forward to going again!Have been here several times and kinda wish I got a card on the first visit, since I'm definitely on my way to trying everything. The dogs are tasty and the sausages themselves are each (more or less) unique to the creation for each menu item. I'm a fan of the "Adonis" and anything with the pepper hash (get the pepper hash). Their fries are delicious and I love the dipping sauces, but they do not portion out enough sauce for a serving of fries. Food is served relatively quickly, though the quality has varied on different visits. While I wouldn't go out of my way to visit the spot, when I'm in the neighborhood and I want to fill up for lunch on the relative cheap, this place is on my radar.Average dogs but below average service.
It was my first visit and I ordered the most common chili dog "The Michigan". Nothing stands out, no flavor pops, just plain average. What's worth mentioning is that the roll was not regular soft hot dog roll. It was kinda like a hoagie roll without the crusty crust. I'm not sure I like it because it's not a very good combo with the dog. However, I liked the fries and the garlic aioli dip. I agreed though, with some other reviewers, that the fries were a bit too salty. Dip was tasty.
Service and the place were really "under". It was mid afternoon when I went. There was one customer before me waiting and 3 people working behind counter. I waited 10 minutes for my order. The cashier seemed to be new. The other two, one is the cook, were engaging in their conversation to each other. A few more people came in after me. Regardless now orders are lining up, the cook picked up her cell phone and had another conversation. The "restaurant" gave me a greasy feeling, and of course smell. The dining chair cushions were beat.
It will not be my choice if I ever return. For 8 dollars, I can get a way better meal from food truck.Went here to see what a Philly hot dog place would be like. It is kind of small and in the basement of the building. It is a little dingy inside and seemed old.
I ordered the chicago dog and I wasn't really impressed. The rolls are very thick and it did not have poppy seeds on it. A proper chicago dog would without a doubt have that.Really glad this place just opened a few blocks from work. Sometimes all I want is a good hot dog. I like the buns, they are a little crispy on top and there's a decent bun to dog ratio. The topping choices are pretty great and the prices aren't bad.  I really want to try every combo.  I went with the Adonis, lamb sausage, tomatoes, onion, and tzatziki.  The concept is great, and it reminds me of a gyro, but the sausage was a little too greasy.  The fries are awesome, very brown and nicely seasoned. I love the garlic aioli.  I'll be back.  It was packed so try to come at an off time.Hot dogs. They're the latest trend; a hot dog joint is the new burger joint. Even so, I think hot dogs have an indelible place in American culture (indelible, not inedible), so it's hard to write off a hot dog joint as just another trend. With so much regional variety in the world of hot dogs, Center City was due for a eatery that could bring together these styles and add their own unique dogs. 
Underdogs is that place. I stopped by for takeout today at noon and waited in a long line filled with people that I assume had just seen the Foobooz post on this place. I didn't mind the line, because it gave me plenty of time to study all the menu options printed on the wall. The combos are priced below most area lunches at less than $8 after tax for a dog, fries, and a drink. I started my Underdog journey with a Michigan style dog-- chili, cheddar, chopped onions, and mustard. I mostly made this choice because my last transcendent hot dog experience happened at a hot dog institution in Grand Rapids, Michigan called Yesterdog. Underdog's version was somewhat different (it didn't have a pickle) but still delicious. I think I will hit up the Chicago style next, so that I can get my pickle fix. Fries were also solid and there were a ton of tasty fry sauces to choose from. 
The rest of my coworkers also enjoyed their dogs... we'll be back in force soon!Seriously Underdogs. 9pm? Why can't you be open all the time?????? Lol I want a Buffalo Gal! :)This place is great. I love hotdogs and no place better than here to expand your horizons on gourmet toppings.They use Tofurkey Brats as veggie dogs here, which scores big points with me as a vegan. They're pretty fairly priced for what you get. I got the Chicago style dog and loved it. I'll be going back soon. They're also open til 4AM on weekends!I'm not happy about this update because until now, I've had nothing but a good experience at Underdogs.
I went back about a week and a half and got eh 9th Streeter and it seems like the quality of their products have dwindled from great to meh. 
The dog was topped with minimal onions and peppers (more onions that peppers but again, minimal...maybe a a teaspoons worth), the bun was stale and the fries tasted like they had been in an open bag in the freezer for days. I had a few bites but ended up throwing most of my meal out. It's a shame because this place isn't on the cheap side, I expect value for my money.I'm moving into Philly next month, and my knowing of Underdogs' existence ahead of this life change is dangerous. I can see it now: I'll be sitting in my new apartment, it'll be mid-summer, and suddenly the craving will strike: hot dog, wrapped in bacon and cheese, fried. A mere walking distance away.
I feel like it will be extra hard to ignore the fact that Underdogs -- bright, colorful, alluring -- is in business when it's 2 a.m., the night is ending and hunger sets in. Because apparently they're open crazy late (4!) on weekends.
Hot dogs might as well be one of my major food groups, and it's hard to screw them up. Underdogs does a fine job at concocting fun toppings to the traditional dog -- and for that, I'm happy.
To note: Cash only. Incredibly cheap. Insanely fattening. In the best of ways.I eat only the veggie dogs, but they are the shit. I've had a few different options but I usually make my own dog jawn. The owner of the place is always courteous and helpful - he provides guidance if you look lost evaluating all your options. 
Anyway, haven't had a bad dog there. I suggest getting the combo since the fries are spot-on. To the people ragging on the buns, I take exception - I actually enjoy the buns. They are definitely a different bun, but I think they complement the dogs quite well.Center City West (Rittenhouse Area) is finally getting a nice little roster of cheaper quicker but still quality eats.  I was happy when Hot Diggety opened last year, but its just a little too far away for a quick lunch break.  But Underdogs is in a perfect location for me to hit for lunch.
I heard the lines were long at peak times, so I went for a late lunch today - around 2PM.  It was medium-busy, and there were a couple of people in line befoire me, but it moved fast.
They have lots of dog-options written on the wall, which you can read while in line, which is nice (and the combo price is written there too).
I got a "Michigan" combo which is chili, cheddar cheese, onions & mustard.  The combo includes fries & a drink.  You get one free dipping sauce with an order of fries.  $0.25 for an additional sauce.  The whole thing cost less than $8.  Not bad at all for a center city lunch.
The hot dog was great.  The chili was tasty but not overly spicy - just like hot dog chili should be.  Quality beef dog with a good bun.  It seemed like the bun was slightly toasted or something, but I'm not 100% sure.
The fries were well-done, fresh and good.  They reminded me of the fries at Five Guys so if you like those, you'll probably like these too.
All in all I'm really happy that Underdogs is in the neighborhood & I can't wait to try the rest of the menu.If you like specialty hot dogs or just want a hotdog this is the place to come, with its variety  and fry dipping sauces you can't go wrong.Inexpensive, quick, close, stellar service and an incredible variety of sauces ... Underdog's pushing all my buttons at once!
My friend and I split the My Thai (asian slaw and peanut sauce on an all-beef hot dog) and a kielbasa w/onions, peppers and spicy mustard (the name of which escapes me) because we couldn't each choose 1. Both were good and everything tasted fresh and as wholesome as this type of food gets.
A large fry is good for two to share, and the fries are (as others have said) perfectly cooked and salted. 
The sauces are great - BBQ, peanut, different mayos, curry, vinegar, chipotle flavors - fun to sample. The staff is very nice and gave us a few to try for free. It was lunchtime on a Saturday and it was surprisingly empty, but the owner said it has been very busy, which was good to hear.
Some suggestions: sweet potato fries? a wheat roll option? open a branch at Citizens Bank Park?
Either way, I'll be back when I need my next Underdog fix...which will be soon.
Hope these guys continue to do well!DECISION 2012!
I dunno, Underdogs...if there was an election between you and Hot Diggity for president, well, I'd be one of those pain in the butt swing voters.  I just can't make up my mind!
My first experience with Underdogs was at a Yelp Elite Event this summer, so I definitely wanted to get to their storefront to try them out.  We came at the most inconvenient time during the day (noon) and it didn't seem like they had their ordering system down.  I know the place isn't that big and they're relatively new, but I think they need to reorganize their lines or something. 
Anyway, our dogs came out and we were able to grab a table, so that was cool.  The fries were fresh and they were salted well (10 points to Gryffindor).  My hot dog was drenched in mustard - literally, swimming in it (no points to Gryffindor).  I preferred the Dietz and Watson style frank over the Sabrett's used at Hot Diggity (10 points again).  It was difficult to get our free soda refills and the floor and walls desperately need cleaning (10 points back).  BYOB after 5PM (+10).  Limited dipping sauces (-10).  Gah, I'm so stuck!  
Perhaps I should just do a write-in hot dog candidate?  Say, Joey Chestnut for prez?  Help me decide the "wiener" of this sauerkrautic election, fellow Yelpers!Okay so...I am obsessed with Underdogs. It is hard to explain really, but they are just great. 
I went for the first time about a year and a half ago. I have never been disappointed. There are SO many funky and unique hotdogs. My absolute favorite is "The Tryp," which is Turkey Sausage with stuffing, gravy, and cranberry sauce. YUMMM. I also really like "The Adonis," which is lamb sausage with lettuce, tomato, onions, and tzatziki. Even just these two examples should give you a picture of how fun the hotdogs at Underdogs are. 
I have tried about seven or eight of the hotdogs. If you try all of them (there are 23), you get your name on the wall! That is my dream :)
This place isn't for the pretentious eater. It is just for people who love trying fun, interesting, casual foods.great place for awesome dogs with a twist! more like an upscale dog shop, plus the fries and dipping sauces are excellent.Not sure what all the fuss is about this place.  It seems most of the reviews are about everything but the dogs/sausages.  Great fries, low cost, fresh toppings and good sauces.  The hot dogs (Dietz & Watson) are mealy and not much flavor to them.  I had the Back In the Day (needed salt) and the Chicago (you couldn't taste the hot dog) on my first try.  On my second the Chihuahua would have been great if not for the lack of chorizo.  It seems they cut one link in half in order to fill the length of the bun.  Either go with a bigger link or double it so you can actually taste the chorizo.  Definitely doesn't live up to the hype.Yeah there's not much to crave about this place. It's O.K.. Price is a bit much for what it is and ingredients could be fresher (my bun was super dry). 
They could definitely do a little for a much better quality product. Not willing to go back though until someone else tells me they have stepped up their product.Ate here for the first time the other night and loved it! I had the Adonis, which is essentially a gyro in sausage form, and the wasabi mayo - it was delicious! The lamb sausage was perfectly cooked and seasoned.  My only complaint was that I could have used a little more tzatzikil, which I'm sure I could have asked for.  My friend got the Pero Caliente with chipotle mayo and that was pretty good, too (don't be turned off by the chocolate cayenne mole sauce, it's good!).
The workers here are extremely friendly and the tables were clean. Knowing that this place is open on weekends until 4am is going to be deadly for me after a night out at the bars in Rittenhouse.
Try this place!!!I tried the chihuahua hotdog, the pb&j, and the Maui ...something. The chihuahua was ok but liked the other two better. The flavors were surprisingly good! I recommend being adventurous here because it's a good bet you'll be happily surprised. :)While I really was wishing for a well-matched hot dog face off to go down in Philly, Underdogs just fell far short of the competition.  Not only is the sunken restaurant sullen, dingy, and depressing, the dogs have a distracting chewy casing and a bun so big you can barely see the tiny dog fighting for its life in the middle.
And for another kick in the pants: the fries are greasy, thin and wobbly a la Micky Ds.  Appropriate occasionally, but I like a good thick frite with my hot dog.  And the sauces...meh.I used to love this place. A lot of different variations and have sausages as well. Chicago dog is solid. Seems like service and quality have finished in the last year or so. It's a shame because it used to be so good.Tried the Chihuha Dog and the Thai Dog last night..both were very fresh and tasty...the Chihuha was a little more fancy and rich with chipotle mayo and some queso fresco cheese on top while the thai one was more on the simple side with peanut sauce and papaya salad..both served on a yummy bun...They were also kind enough to substitute the chorizo dog on chihuha for a lamb sausage...great fries too !!!Hmmmmmmmm. I really want to like this place and I do for the most part, I just won't be jumping at the need to get back here as soon as possible.
I had the pleasure of first trying Underdogs at a Yelp event last year and was really impressed. By the time I had gotten to my Coney Classic, it was cold but still delicious and that sparked my interest. 
So I finally got a chance to check this place out and....it okay. Not amazing, but okay. 
1. The hot dog is extremely filling. I got the Texas Tommy Combo to go and couldn't finish it all in one sitting. The hot dog was thick and the bun was soft with a crusty crust. It was wrapped in bacon and smothered with cheese. I could feel the calories hitting my hips in every bite. Overall tasty but nothing that blew me out of the water. 
2. The speed is quick. Took me about 15 minutes to order and get my food. 
3. But....my fries were lukewarm. I had a to go box or else I would have asked for newer fries if I was eating in. The fries were tasty but the fact that they were lukewarm just 3 minutes after getting the box was very disappointing. Basically that means they had been sitting out for a minute.
4. The lady at the counter was both handling money, filling up drinks, and serving the food- all without gloves. Gross. I was particularly put off when I saw that she was cleaning the tables with a rag and spray and saw my order was up. I looked at her, she looked over at the kitchen and saw my order. She went right over and put my food in the box. No washing of hands or anything...... That's a big no no. But I was really hungry and in a rush so I grabbed my food and went. But thinking about it again....I don't know if I would so readily come back to this one because of that.Very close to our hotel, and after living in NYC, for 1.5 yrs, we're a bit picky about our dogs.  I opted for the Texas Tommy, and it was sinfully good.  The fries are fantastic!  I can't give it 5 stars as my heart belongs to Crif Dogs in the East Village, but tasty for "upscale street food."  The gal behind the counter was sweet.As a Michigander, I'd like to lay some knowledge on Underdogs:
Here's how you got the Michigan wrong in case you were going for authenticity: A Michigan Coney Island, is made with YELLOW mustard, never spicy, and NO CHEESE.  Onions are optional, mustard is optional, but never never with cheese.  This is not a chili-cheese dog, or even a chili dog.  The best Conies are made with hotdogs in natural casings that snap when you bite into them.  That's just how we 'Ganders get down.
Here's what you got right: the coney sauce is pretty good and the overall taste is close.  The hotdogs themselves are tasty.   I'll come back for a taste of home, and can't wait to try the other dogs.  
Good job!
UPDATE: the owner left me a really nice message to explain that in the N.E. "the Michigan" is its own particular type of dog.  Who knew?  I have since gone in and they make it the Michigan coney way and are always really nice:)Today was my first visit and the only problem I had was that I couldn't decide which menu item to choose from. They all sounded so delicious, so I will have to go back and try each one. As for today's choice (haute dog parm), wow the shaved parm cheese was more than I expected. See you again VERY soon.Let me say this upfront: I am a vegetarian who really misses meat (I know, lots of veg people don't, but I do - sue me). Before coming here, I never, ever had a good veggie dog. Hamburgers, chicken - all that stuff I could find a decent approximation. But veggie dogs were always lacking for me. I can honestly say that the veggie dog from Underdogs has been a lifesaver for me. Any of the dogs can be made veggie, from what I understand. I'm partial to the original Underdog, but I also love the Penn Deutch (with pepper hash, which I so rarely get to enjoy) and the Coney Classic (can you see that I have a thing about cabbage?). The Chicago dog is also fantastic.
My greatest love for this place comes from the fry sauces. The selection is vast and excellent. Most of the sauces are mayo-based, so if that's your thing, you'll enjoy these. I keep coming back here because this is the only place I've found that has FRY SAUCE. I got hooked on fry sauce when I lived briefly in Utah - and it's almost impossible to get elsewhere! I've tried making my own, but it never really turns out right. I love being able to get actual fry sauce whenever I want. It tastes like Utah, it really does. As long as the veggie dogs and fry sauce stick around, I will continue coming here.Incredibly underwhelming. Made a point to come here after a long night because of great reviews from friends. After I paid for food 7 parties were served before me. When I went up to check on food I received no food and only sass in return. Incredibly irritated by staff and poor service.Love this place! The lamb dog is my fav. They are pretty consistent. Hole in the wall type of place. Bathroom is disgusting, but that's part of the experience apparently.There are dozens of combinations of hot dogs you can get here. Spicy, Mediterranean, mexican, texan, I can't even remember the types. I just remember having a full stomach and delicious experience--for less than $10!I'm not quite sure how this establishment stays in business. Let's not kid ourselves, it's worse than "hit or miss." I'll start with the "pros": it is occasionally open during the posted hours. End. The "cons:" I could probably stop counting the amount of times this joint has "run out of buns"... one time an employee told me she had literally "run out of EVERYTHING." On another occasion I was served two hot dogs and/or sausages when I clearly asked for and ordered two veggie dogs. 
The presentation is sloppy. The dogs are overall pretty greasy and generally unappealing despite their fun sounding combination of flavors/ingredients. 
Tonight was the final straw. After making an effort to arrive here before they inevitably ran out of business-defining ingredients, I was greeted by a handwritten sign indicating their closure, even complete with assignation of, "folks." Look. I'm not a folk. I'm a member of the "fist club" which apparently means nothing more than the fact that you've either contributed some sort of monetary donation or you've faked your way through eating their entire disgusting menu. Or you had a friend who worked here who punched a bunch of holes in your menu to give you a head start.
For a place that touts itself as one of the "best late night eats" this is truly poor. Not open late, barely serves what it intends, and treats you worse than an uninvited guest at a funeral. Next.I first tried Underdogs when they made an appearance and provided some of their specialties at a Yelp event.  From that point on, I schemed about going to the full restaurant.  After talking about it for several months, I went into the city specifically to go to Underdogs.  Took a 50-minute train ride for hot dogs.  But they're really so much more.  They're more of an adventure than just a hot dog.  You can go anywhere for a regular old hot dog, but these are huge, delicious hot dogs with such a creative array of toppings.  Prices are reasonable and the fries that accompany the hot dogs in the combo meal are great as well.
I've tried four of their dogs so far and am determined to try them all so that I can get my name on the wall.  It's going to take me a while (23 hot dog flavors in total with regular specials to accompany those), but it's going to be awesome every bite of the way.I'm a sucker for a hole in the wall, especially when that hole is brightly painted and is staffed by some quality employees.  Underdogs simply oozes "cool", and I got the feeling that it was a little bit of a cash-only hipster paradise. 
Admittedly, I've only been once, but I get the feeling I'll be back at least 22 times. Why? Well, if you try all 23 of their dogs/sausages, you not only are chock-full of delicious meaty goodness, but you get your name painted on a FIST on their wall.  I know that doesn't sound like much, but I love a challenge and will be toting my menu everywhere I go in case the urge hits for some sausage or a dog.
This first trip, I went in for the highly recommended Chihuahua: chorizo sausage with sautéed onions, chipotle mayo and queso blanco. I figured "YOLO" and made it a combo for a few bucks more in order to get those tasty looking fries.  Before I get distracted talking about the sausage, let's just talk about the fries. Natural (I love when you get to see and nibble some potato skin) and well-salted (though, I imagine if you weren't part-deer like me, you may consider them over-salted), they were the best fries I've had in recent history. All different shapes and sizes, they were even tastier dipped in the chipotle mayo (you get one dipping sauce fo' free, and it's like, 50 cents for another). The amount of fries you get as the side in the combo was unreal (as in large) and I was totally stuffed after wolfing the whole order.
The Chihuahua itself left me aching for more chorizo sausages in my life. It was fully loaded without overflowing, making it the ideal size for an indulgent lunch. The bun was miles above your average hot dog bun, with an actual doughy flavor that I loved. The sausage held it's own despite the rich toppings. The onions were perfectly sauteed and, though the queso blanco didn't add a ton to the party, the chipotle mayo was a match made in heaven to the sausage. 
I took mine to go (and went straight to Barnes & Noble to read an entire book cover to cover, ah funemployment) and the combo came in the most adorable (and practical) little box, which kept everything neat and tidy. I am already looking forward to trying the Tryp (smoked turkey sausage with stuffing, gravy and cranberry relish) and the 9th Streeter (Fiorella's spicy Italian with sautéed peppers and onions). And the other 20. I'll be back (again, and again, and again. With friends.)Such great expectations for this place, I was excited about the variety of dogs and innumerable choices. Sadly, my expectations were not met. The bun was the greatest disappointment- it was stale, hard, and flavorless. The concept has such great potential, but they just didn't follow through. Prices were okay. I wish I could say I want to go back, but unfortunately that won't be happening.I had a really disappointing experience at Underdogs tonight. I have been wanting to go to this place since it opened and was expecting to love it! I can't help but compare it to Hot Diggity, and Underdogs didn't even come close for me. 
I had the Chicago style dog with fries and garlic aioli dipping sauce. The hot dog was lukewarm -- I noticed that it was done and on the counter long before the fries were ready, so I'm not sure if it was cold because it was sitting out or because it was never that hot to begin with. The worst part for me was the bun. I thought it was way too dense and bread-like, but that might just be personal preference. I did enjoy the toppings, and the fries and dipping sauce were good -- the fries were crispy and came out nice and hot.
The cashier gave me a two dollar bill for change because they were running low on ones. I can't help but be annoyed by that! (But honestly, who paid them with a two dollar bill?!!)I had been keeping tabs on this place, and with a quick dinner in mind, my bf (who is on Yelp finally!) and I went here on a Saturday a bit before 6. People were in and out, but it wasn't too busy at all. 
Hailing from Berks County ("Western Pennsylvania" as some of you Philadelphians like to call it), I had to get the Penn Deutch dog with spicy mustard and pepper hash. I got a combo, which I feel is a good deal. Also, "the quality of the dog was outstanding!" My BF got the Texas Tommy, as I knew he would (it's wrapped in bacon and fried).
They've got quite a bunch of creative dogs on the menu, each different enough that you'll want to try them all! Veggie and gluten free dogs are an option as well. Underdogs will keep it interesting with a dog of the day. The dipping sauces will entice you to get fries, probably every time.
Nice work to Underdogs' friendly staff! This is going to be a great spot for lunch, dinner, & late night. I will be back!I would give this place five stars, but it is contributing to my already expanded waist-line. So far my favorite is either the Buffalo Gal or the Coney Island. I am a bit scared to try some of the more out there dogs, but hopefully will get my name on the wall. The people are nice and it's good to find a place open at 3am on a weekend. Only wish they were open later on the weekdays. The dogs are very filling, be warned...and addicting.Cool, novelty idea. Neat hot dog toppings makes for some interesting flavor combinations. My favorite is the PB&J dog. The dipping sauces for the fries are very tasty. 
The problem I have with underdogs is the price. I get it, they gotta make rent like everyone else. But they are in a great location and hot dogs are cheap. Why do I have to spend $10 for 1 hot dog and fries when I go in? 
If there was a better value here, I'd eat here significantly more often. Maybe they'd rather serve less people at higher prices and the economics make sense for them that way because of their size?The "Michagan" hot dog was delicious.  The hotdog was juicy and had  a slight snap and the toppings tasted and looked fresh.  French fries were well done, just as we liked them and the horseradish aoli was heavenly.  This place was simple and all about the hotdog.  I just wish they had some other drink that was not carbonated, the only choice was bottled water.This place does a really nice job.  I went with the pero caliente, which has some kick to it and was very tasty.  The buns are great as are the fries.  I really liked the variety of dipping sauces (try the garlic aoli).  Seems like a good lunch and/or late night spot, something a little different and affordable.  Highly recommend checking it out.Let's talk about the location of Underdogs for a second. It's clever that the name might be a play on the location of the restaurant - it's underneath a building. You have to walk downstairs to get your underdog.
Let's talk about hot dogs at Underdogs for a second. These dogs are like the bulldogs of hot dogs...a'int no whimpy wieners here...just plump, girthy beef to fill up your gut. The Coney Classic is delicious - the mustard is spicy and the sauerkraut is crunchy. The dog is juicy and beef-y...a'int no fillers here.
The Adonis is fine too - though the lamb tastes a bit more like falafel than an animal of any sort. Trick your vegetarian friends - tell them about the new falafel hot dog.
Let's talk about the french fries at Underdogs for a second. They're dark gold and oh-so-diappable. They're bendy and are well suited to the Georgia BBQ Sauce - whatever this is, it's indescribably wonderful. The Malt Vinegar aioli is delicious as well - but mix it up a bit so that you get more of the malt than the mayo. The chocolate cayanne mole is definitely an adventure worth exploring - it tastes a bit like pureed beef chili. The pico de gallo isn't really a dip because it really is pico de gallo.
Let's talk about the best way to eat at Underdogs. Skip the bun. Eat the dog (1.5 dogs per person is sufficient). Share a regular size fry (or large if you're a fiend) and order as many dipping sauces as possible. GET THE GEORGIA BBQ SAUCE AND THE MALT VINEGAR AIOLI.After hearing the hype and salivating at the prospect of some haute dogs, I was excited to finally check out Underdogs!
A combo comes with a hotdog, delicious crispy sea salted fries (though a bit too salty for me), and a small fountain soda. No free refills.
The GF and I had a combo each and of course I got a side of another hotdog.
She had the Michigan which comes topped with chili and melted cheddar. Delicious and the best pick of the three dogs.
I had the chihuahua which came topped with cheese (not melted). Nicely spicy ... Def had a kick to it.
I also had the special with pepper hash and Russian dressing. Also delicious but not a standout. Pepper hash is essentially a mix of dressed peppers and onions that are finely chopped. 
Free toppings for all dogs include pepper hash, mustard, ketchup, sauerkraut, among others.
Fries come with the choice of one dipping sauce. We tried chipotle mayo and garlic aioli ... Both very good.
The cashier was very amiable as well!
This was all for less than $20. We'll be back soon!One of my favorite spots in the city! Who knew a hotdog restaurant could make me come back over and over again? The owner said he wanted to provide a full meal with fresh ingredients at an affordable price and oh boy did he do that and more! All the ingredients he tops on the hot dogs are fresh and the buns are brought in fresh daily.  A full meal (hot dog, amazing fries and a drink) will cost you around $8. They have hot dog staples such as the Texas Tommy (chile, cheese, deliciousness) and the Chicago. The owner also has a special every month where he creates his own masterful combination, which turns out surprisingly well! One more plug, it is open until 4am on Fridays and Saturdays! Have a late night craving? Go to Underdogs.Awesome! Just wish they had other types of hotdogs than beef! Selection and menu is great and my chili cheese dog satisfied my craving!I had the grunge dog today which comes with cream cheese and jalapenos. It's something you wouldn't think of doing but Robert's geniuses nailed it again. I had the malt vinegar aioli and harissa today with my fries. Well done, once again!Went to underdog for lunch. It really is a cool little places. The decor and  location are one of a kind. Not to mention the toppings for your hot dog are unreal. I'm not one for toppings on my dog but if I was... I'd be in heavy. They really have every conventional and unconventional topping. With that being said my dog was pretty good. Roll was stale- this my four star rating but everything else about this experience was great. Quick service- made to order hot and a great fun menu. Well done underdog very cute spot. Also a great and easy to-go container :)It's "just a hot dog place" but it's good. Nice staff, decent food, and the prices are reasonable. I wouldn't go for a full meal if you're worried about price - skip the fries and drink if that's the case, because they're extremely overpriced. Though fries and sodas always are.
I've only had one type of hot dog here so far, but I enjoyed it and would definitely come back to get another (or even a different kind).The weather was so glorious this weekend, with the sun brightly shining, that it made me want to feel like it was summer already in any and all ways possible, and extending the summer feeling to food just seemed natural. We were both starving - he from doing work on his laptop all afternoon and I from 6 hours of yoga training - so we didn't want to wait for food. I remembered our friends had enjoyed Underdogs when they first tried them last year, and since we still hadn't followed through on our promise to check them out my suggestion became our dinner choice on Sunday. 
They're a cash-only establishment...unless you order ahead online, THEN you can pay by card. We placed our order, walked over, picked it up and walked over to the crowded Rittenhouse Square Park to enjoy the remainder of the lovely weekend weather with our "dogs." They primarily offer beef hot dogs, but they also have a nice selection of sausages, which is perfect for me (I'm not partial to hot dogs...ever, really). I was tempted by the Marrakech given the Yelp reviews, but went instead with the Adonis (lamb sausage with lettuce, tomato, onion and tzatziki) that had first caught my eye (and stomach). My fiancé got the Chihuahua chorizo sausage with sautéed onions, chipotle mayo and queso blanco and the My Thai (beef hot dog with spicy peanut sauce and green papaya slaw) combo, with fries and garlic aioli. 
The rolls they came in were not your supermarket find; large and NOT super soft, they're closer to what you might get as a hoagie roll (or at least that's what my fiancé said). My lamb sausage was split in half to fit into the roll with its toppings, and it was deliciously lightly spiced, and its warmth against the cool tzatziki sauce was super YUM. I got a taste of the My Thai, whose peanut sauce contrasted nicely with the Asian slaw on top, but I didn't get a chance to try the Chihuahua because that disappeared too fast! (I guess that means its good...) The fries are pretty good, but the aioli is only ok IMHO - hard to compare to Monk's fries and aioli, once you've tried them nothing else tastes good. But hey, the prices aren't too bad, although there are always people who feel paying more than $1 for a hot dog is stupid (I know a few). We'll have to compare the other specialty hot dog places to see which is the TOP DOG (oh, haha, I'm so funny (thanks Dad for your sense of humor)).If you like hot dogs (heck, even if you don't) run don't walk to this place! 
I want to start off by saying I do not generally eat hot dogs but only stopped by here through word of mouth. The place is located kind of in the basement of the building,(so below street level) on 17th street. I ordered a "California dreamin" hot dog because I absolutely love avocado. It came with avocado, tomato and lemon mustard vinaigrette. The service was super quick and I got the hot dog in no time. 
The hot dog was super yummy! The meat was cooked to perfection and it was very juicy. The sauce and toppings combination were great as well. I would love a jar of the lemon mustard vinaigrette. They had an incredible selection of other hot dog specials so I am definitely coming back to try them all! 
The price is a little high but the quality is great!Twenty-five minutes for an under-whelming dog, cold fries, and a drink that I had to ask for two times. The premise seems good but the current execution is awful.Famazing.
The bun was the best part- I kept remarking to my friend on how flaky, buttery, and crispy it was. 
Oh, and the dawg itself was great.A girlfriend and i stopped in before we headed out for the night.. Brought a bottle of wine (BYOB till 2am) We had the Marrakesh and the Chihuahua combos, and both were delish!! They consisted of a semi-spicy lamb sausage and great toppings. Staff was really friendly and helpful.. overall, great time!I felt really fat afterwards, but man was it good at the time. 
We went for the marrakesh and the pero caliente, combo'd one order.  Perfect size for two people.  You get one small fountain drink, but a large order of fries with a rich mayo dipping sauce (we went for the old bay seasoning flavor).  The hot dogs came in these buns that were basically the love child of a regular hot dog bun and a baguette.  Not sure what it's actually called, but it has more definition and texture than an average hero.  Both dogs were delicious.  The marrakesh was lamby and smoky with a nice light cucumber and tomato salad on top.  The pero caliente had a mess of stuff on top, but most notably thinly sliced jalapeno peppers that weren't your typical ones out of a can.
The fries were fresh and seasoned with good sea salt and came with your choice of one specialty dip.  Our Old Bay mayo was very flavorful and definitely rivals some of the dips of specialty Belgian frite places.  Sure it's a bit greasy, but that's to be expected.
All in all, a delicious lunch.  I would definitely go back to satisfy a hot dog craving and try the other decadent looking choices they have.  I just don't like taking the walk of shame afterwards.Boy oh Boy!!! If you haven't had the opportunity to feast on one of these delicious dogs....then you surely are missing out! And let's not even mention the yummy fries and the out of this world dipping sauces....I am forever a fan of Underdogs...I ordered the Marrakesh and had the curry mayo dipping sauce with my fries, and I had no complaints at all.  I can't wait for my next dog!
If you like hot dogs or sausages....hurry....I said hurry!!! and get on down to Underdogs to satisfy your lunch craving you won't be disappointed.In my local NJ neighborhood I saw two hot dog joints come and go, in the same building no less. I have a feeling if Underdogs inhabited the space, I'd still have a local hot dog joint. 
Decided to check this place out after reading Philadelphia Weekly's The Battle Between Two Hot Dog Joints. My boyfriend and I have been craving some good veggie dogs and yum yum: perfect. 
The veggie dogs were Yves Veggie Brat's I believe. The guy told me they usually use Tofurkey Brand but these were still great. 
We went with a couple of Coney Classics and at the suggestion of the staff, a Georgia Bulldog. The buns were picked with toppings, leaving a messy but extremely enjoyable hot dog experience. I can see why this place stays open till 4 am on weekends. 
We also got some delicious fries. They packed a lot in including a couple sauces Old Bay Mayo and another one I forget the name and it doesn't seem to be on the online menu. 
Great service, very friendly and seemed to really enjoy what they do. 
We got 5 hot dogs, a soda and large fries and the total was $25. I think that's a good deal.The issue is that
Underdogs goes overboard
While underwhelming
My hot dog love only extends so far, and Underdogs just stretches the limit past the breaking point for me. Their dogs, while less expensive than others in the city, also have a lack of attention to detail that is incredibly frustrating.
I get it, they're 'just hot dogs,' but if I wanted that I would go to the cart outside my work, drop $2 on two dogs and call it a lunch. The reason you go here is because you still want a dog but want a little more out of your lunch. 
My issue with Underdogs isn't the location or price, or even the service which has always been friendly. It's that without fail, every time I order a dog there is something discernibly wrong about it. Last time I got the California Dreamin and the Adonis. The California includes avocado, which wasn't sliced but rather seemed to be heavily ladled on top in a soupy mess that soaked through the roll and combined with the lemon mustard vinaigrette in a fairly stomach churning mixture. The Adonis had the same sauce problem, in that the overabundance of tzatziki was watery and turned everything into a big mess.
I've had other dogs there with similar problems. The Georgia Bulldog and Special come with enough pepper hash to nearly cover the entire hot dog. Including the bun.
My advice with Underdogs is to use caution with anything that has a sauce, and ask questions if you're not sure. Underdogs has been a series of 'man I wish I had known that before ordering' experiences for me. Had I known the avocado would arrive in liquid form I would have shied away. Same for the sauce on the Adonis. Or the hash on almost anything. Sometimes too much isn't a good thing.
The good: it's the least expensive of the upscale hot dogs, and is easy to get to from anywhere in Center City. Their takeout boxes are great when getting more than one dog, and despite being cash only they do have an ATM right inside the door.They are partially underground--down a half flight of stairs from the street level. A floor to ceiling window keeps the space from feeling cave-like. I visited at local lunch time, and there was a brisk crowd of business types getting lunch. The service here is not fast-food fast--this food is made to order with care. If you eat a lot of different dogs, you can get your name on the wall. A nice challenge for a local (and I'm glad it's not alcohol-themed, for once!). I tried the chicken sausage with mozzarella and tomato sauce on a gluten-free bun. It was tasty and different. Next time I'm in Philly, I will check out another dog. Food and atmosphere are both fun and unique.I moved to Philly a few months ago, and this is by far one of my favorite places to eat at.-- enough said. If you're a local and you aren't doing the "Wall of Fame" challenge, you are stupid. I LOVE YOU, UNDERDOGS!Just ate here today for the first time and I was mad that I did. The hot dog bun was cold and too large for the hot dog. The hot dog was just very forgettable and being that it's a place based on hot dogs they better get it together. One pro was the fries which were not amazing but the malt vinegar aioli dipping sauce earned them 2 stars.Their colors might as well be a tribute to the kit colors of "AverageJoe's" Dodgeball team. 
Their toppings are as fresh and crisp as the 80's Ice Rink, when the Miracle on Ice took place.
Their sauces and hot pickles packs as much punch as Rocky balboa's puglist win over Apollo creed. 
It would have been the Stadium staple during the "Miracle Mets Era".
The Dogs are as juicy and massive as Goran Ivanisevic's Serves during his Wimbeldon run in 2001.
You'll want to come back again and again, just like Liverpool plotted their comeback from 3 goals down to win the Uefa Cup.
So don't wait  for someone to chant "Rudy Rudy Rudy",  just go ahead and score yourself a hotdog at Underdogs !I really, really, really want to give Underdogs a five star review. I feel like my disappointment at dropping $8 (even though the food is delicious) is difficult for a hot dog, fries, and a can of coke. Granted, I am ALWAYS full when I leave and have yet to encounter a dog I didn't like. 
These aren't your typical street meat hot dogs. There is a ton of variety. My favorite is the Tryp. It is a turkey sausage with stuffing, gravy and cranberry relish. Another tasty treat was the California Dreamin' which is avocado, tomato, lemon mustard vinaigrette. I actually had the last one as a veggie dog with a gluten free bun. Definitely still delivered a scrumptious lunch.
If you eat all 23 dogs on the menu you can put your name on the wall and become part of the Fist Club. I'm determined to get my name up there! 
Make sure you don't have your head in the clouds when walking down 17th street as it is an underground store front. You'll need to pay attention or you will walk on by!Don't get me wrong, I love a good wiener. It's sick actually. Like, the essentials in my fridge "sharp white cheddar cheese, ketchup and hot dogs" instead of the standard "eggs, milk, and bread."  The best part about this place is the variety of dogs you can get-- including vegan hotdogs and actual sausages. The best "hot dog" I ordered was the Marrakesh which was a lamb sausage and pretty tasty but could have been spicier.  Everything overall is pretty solid and the fries almost *almost* stole the show. But my take here is that not all dogs come out winners... Just as it is in life-- so depending on what you order you could give this place 5 stars or 2 stars... They should probably tweak their menu on the dogs that are sort of underwhelming to make them their own super stars.I love this place! I got a Coney Island dog and fries with the malt vinegar aoli.  Everything was amazing, and that means a lot coming from me because I'm picky as hell.  As someone who grew up eating only Hebrew National, I really like that the hot dogs are all beef.
I'm deducting one star because, though I know it can't be helped due to the location of the restaurant, but I don't like the atmosphere much.  The place is really tiny, underground, and when I was there yesterday it was FREEZING inside.  But the food and graphic design is so awesome that it more than makes up for it.  Maybe they'll make enough $$ that they can upgrade the location one day.I daydream daily about the Veggie Dogs served here.  A must visit for any vegetarian looking for a clean, cute place offering tons of variety.  I love the choice of toppings for the dogs and dips for the fries.  I hear they are opening a second location in South Philly.  Happy to hear these friendly people are not only doing well but also expanding!Glory glory!! Came in for some dogs after a late night. Walked in around 3AM and got the Texas Tommy, 9th streeter, the coney, and the pero caliente. The portions of the fries were huge and came with dipping sauces. The sodas, not so much. We got the garlic, curry, and wasabi. The garlic was my favorite! I will definitely be back when the drunken munchies take control~~~~~ I think I could even come here sober. :)We got the Texas Tommy and a regular chili cheese dog. They were both insanely delicious and came out pretty quickly. The chili cheese dog far surpassed the Texas Tommy. All in all the dogs were delicious and fast.Where to begin? My girlfriend and I went there on a Saturday afternoon because I've been curious about the place since it opened. The decor is bright but not overwhelming with colorful geometric shapes contrasted by framed sports photos, and the music sounded like it was straight from one of my Pandora stations so I immediately felt at home. The menu is painted on the wall and is very easy to read which is an accomplishment because the sheer variety of hot dogs and sausages they provide is astounding with 23 options to choose from each at under $5 per dog, pocket change for a Rittenhouse Square establishment. While they have the typical hot dog choices, their "Haute Dog" menu includes ingredients such as peanut sauce and papaya coleslaw on their Thai inspired hot dog or pico de gallo and mole sauce on their Mexican one. There's enough variety here to satisfy everyone and if someone were to not find something that satisfied them they were dead inside to begin with. I had the My Thai and The Adonis (think lamb gyro, but in sausage form) and my girlfriend had the Michigan with beef chili, cheddar and mustard and the dogs were juicy and perfect, the bun was fresh baked and unlike any other roll I've had, and the toppings were fresh and delicious. On top of that, they make a game out of it where if you have every one of their hot dogs you get your name on the wall. I'm three down with twenty to go, and that is a challenge I will gladly accept.I love hot dogs.  I was so excited when I first read about this place, and it did not disappoint.  I got the Michigan dog, which had beef chili, cheddar, onions and mustard.  I was expecting more chili and less cheese, but it was still pretty darn good.  And the combo comes with fries and a drink, for about $7.  Not bad for a center city lunch!  I tried the malt vinegar aioli dipping sauce, so good!  If you try all 23 of their hot dogs (and get your menu punched each time) you get a fist with your name on the wall!  Oh glory of glories!  I may not make it before I decide to give my arteries a break, but I'll sure have fun trying!  Oh, and it's open til 4am on Fridays and Saturdays, and I spied a sandwich board inside that said it was BYO after 5pm??  I have yet to verify that though, but exciting nonetheless!  Can't wait to come back.So I stopped by here by chance in the late evening wanting to try their famous hotdogs. Who can turn down a good hotdog. The place doesn't look like anything special for the location (downtown philly). That didn't matter much, we all know you can get awesome food at a hole in the wall. The girl behind the counter was very helpful since this was my first time here. She told me what was popular. I went with the Coney classic (sauerkraut and spicy mustard) and the texas tommy (wrapped in bacon with cheese). The house fries came with one of my orders. Unfortunately the drink selection was limited to only soda. They were out of bottle water and ice tea. After sampling my order I thought there was nothing special about them for me to try this place again. The french fries did help to save my interest in this place. Another problem is you can get a better dog from one of the street vendors in the area for cheaper. Not to sure if I'll be a repeat customerCame in to find out what all the fuss is about and now I see that it must be bad fuss. The smell hit me at the door. I never knew grease could smell that bad until I stepped in the door. Despite the horrifying smell, I proceeded to the front. There was one girl at the counter, one girl cooking and one little Chinese man or woman running in and out of the kitchen to get the cooking ingredients that was OUTSIDE.. Why is the ingredients outside the kitchen? Anyway, the counter girl told me nothing. She didn't know the menu and she ignored the fact that it had some sort of sticky substance all over the menu.. I couldn't bring myself to eat there. Eating fries from a greasy bag that was literally DRIPPING grease and paying $8-10 for a hotdog is ridiculous and VERY unappealing. I will not subject myself to that. Won't be returning.Working in the mellon building, i couldn't have been more excited about a new cheap lunch option coming to the area.  I sent a message to my the marketing team and managed to get 5 over to the hotdog spot.  The line was almost out the door, but was moving pretty fast.  Underdog is very smart, taking orders throughout the line to keep things moving while money changes hands ahead of you.
Instead of the reasonably priced combos, i decided to just get two dogs.  I went with the Penn Dutch (with spicy mustard and our house made pepper hash) and the Warsaw Packed (Czerw's smoked kielbasa with sautéed onions and spicy mustard).  Both were great.  The pepper hash is sweet and tangy and is a nice contract to the spicy mustard.  The Kielbasa was juicy and garlicky and well complimented by the spicy mustard.  They were both lightly dressed, but there was more spicy mustard on the table to suit my needs.
I am currently not eating french fries, which was particularly challenging as everyone else got them and gave them rave reviews.  There were plenty to go around and my lunch mates tried several of the sauces.  The only thing missing would have been a cheese sauce option.  I wont apologize, i like a good cheese sauce!!!!!
Others at the table tried the Texas Tommy (wrapped in bacon, fried and topped with cheese) which has all you could ever want in a bun, the 9th Street (Fiorella's spicy Italian with sautéed peppers and onions) voted best by our youngest eater and the Hot Dog Parm (chicken herb sausage, marinara and Parmesan cheese shavings), which i had zero interest in.  
Overall, great new addition for the hotdog/sausage lover.  Cash only but there is an ATM in there.buns were frozen--ours was still cold from incomplete defrosting.  can't you stick that thing in an oven or toaster for half a minute?  the fries were very blah, overly soaked in grease.  with the variety on the menu, i was expecting something similar to the east village's crifdogs.  we were sorely disappointed (but at least the dog was colorful w/ all that mustard and relish).  the weiner was no better than boiling an oscar meyer at home.  despite how cheap it is, totally not worth it.  maybe my expectations were way too high going in.  this was the underdog i was rooting for that just couldn't deliver.I really want to love this place, but I can only say it's OK. I've tried about 5 different hot dogs here, and none has blown me away. The only one I really enjoy is the Michigan dog. I'm from Michigan, and they actually do that one really well. 
The other ones I've tried seem dry or lack flavor. And I've been here when stale bread was served to me. 
The fries are decent, and it's nice that they offer free flavored dipping sauces to supplement the ketchup & mustard.These bitches are the worst ever. I'd pay money  not to come here anymore. Sucks!!!!!!!!!I wasn't thrilled with this place because I didn't like the stiff, cold buns. I'm more of a warm, soft, and buttery bun person. 
On a positive note - the fries and dipping sauces were great - lots to choose from!We are very disappointed about the closing of Underdogs. This restaurant will be missed.Best hot dogs, great service and lots of dipping sauce for the fires!This place is so great. I used to come here all the time when I lived in Philly. Millions of types of hot dogs and its BYOB, what is not to love. They also have veggie dogs which is a plus for me.  I always get the thai veggie dog. Its so addicting. 
Lastly they have the best hot dog buns.Pretty standard Hotdogs. The type you order doesn't really make a difference. They lack a certain flavor or flare. Its a hot dog fries and a drink for $10 which I think is overpriced. Nothing special but it wasn't bad either. Everything there was edible. It is a viable option but its far from the best meal you can get from center city.I love hot dogs, but these were just ok. Nothing so inspiring as to make me want a fist on the wall. Plus, this is not the place I would opt to take kids since each dog is a bit pricey for the amount of food you get. Still, I appreciated the cool toppings, fresh ingredients. They know how to throw together a decent dog, which is a tough thing to come by in Philadelphia.These kind of quick grab places are always tough to review.  It's just a hot dog, really.
Are the dogs themselves anything special?  No.
Are the topping options awesome?  Yes.
Will I come here again?  Probably.
There's always nights where you need to grab something quick on the way to a show, don't feel like making or sitting down for dinner, whatever.  Underdogs is worth throwing into that Shake Shack/HipCity/Honeygrow/etc. mix every now and then.you're either a hotdog person or not. i am definitely a hotdog person. i've been wanting to try this place since it made its way into my radar. i had to walk over this area for work anyways so decided today was the day to try it. 
i first thought it was on 17th and sansom and couldn't find it. it's actually on 17th and moravian! next to luke's lobsters downstairs.
i walked in and was greeted by a woman working behind the counter. she was by herself and looked busy but she still greeted me with a smile. also, there were 3 tables occupied and she was working on a bunch of to-go orders. good sign.
i ordered the chicago dog combo with the georgia bbq side dipping sauce, to-go. i have to say that i think i waited too long to eat it because my food wasn't hot anymore. it was warm. i know that the food was freshly cooked though because i saw her prepare it. so i am blaming myself on this one. 
next time i think i might just eat there. the service was great and the food's good. i'd def go again!Went to Underdogs for the 4th time tonight and as always they are great. I was coming from work in fairmount and was there 10 minutes before the 9pm close. I usually tend to stay away from that after going to other food places before closing and seeing the staff groan from last second customers but was instantly greeted and was not made to feel as a burden. I wish i got the name of the employee because he couldnt have been nicer and more helpful even offering a refill on my soda after seeing how quick i got into the first while waiting for my dog. As for the dog itself, I got the herb chicken parm dog with marinara and shaved parm and it couldnt have been better. the dog itself was tasty enough to stand alone but the marinara and shaved parm took it over the top. The side of sriracha mayo with my fries and I was feeling great. Cant wait to go back, thanks underdogsHuge array of hot dogs, and all delicious.   The fries are plentiful and that perfect balance of squishy/crunchy.  Be sure to try their sauces--it's worth the extra 25 cents.I've been to Underdogs four times since it opened just a few weeks ago.  Here are my observations:
The two quality foundations of a hot dog are the the dog itself and the bun.  The dog should be plump and most ideally snap when the casing is bitten.  The bun should be proportional to the dog -- a thick bun should only accompany a substantial dog and it should be constructed strongly enough to support the dog and toppings (especially wet) without ripping at the bottom.
It's obvious that Underdogs considered quality first when choosing their hot dog materials, as I have been completely satisfied each time.  My vegetarian companion confirmed that the veggie dog was of excellent quality as well.
The staff is friendly, remembers repeat visitors, speaks to customers and appears passionate about hot dogs.
There are a ton of dog options -- I can't say that I have a favorite yet, but quite enjoyed the Manhattan, which has an onion sauce similar to the traditional Sabbrets but less sweet.  There are also several attractive sausage options, but I haven't yet tried them.
The fries, cooked in peanut oil, are a dream.  The dipping sauces are an excellent idea, though the fries are equally enjoyable in ketchup or alone.
I find myself wishing that the sodas were a little larger in the combo, but the staff behind the counter is happy to provide a refill if necessary.
The horizontally spread out menu is a little difficult to navigate, even on repeat visits -- they would be served well to add a vertical list that mimics their paper menu closer to the front door.  This might also help with some of the sometimes awkward queuing in the middle of the restaurant.
Overall, a leading addition to the philly dog scene!Just joined the fist club, so I've tried everything they have. Service is friendly, not fast, but as efficient as they can be during the lunch rush. Plenty of good choices, plenty not so good, but that depends on flavor combinations that you like.Like Yelper Majilinda K, I am not a big fan of hot dogs (or other forced meat products), but once or twice a year, I will venture out with my best office mate and head over to Underdogs for a quick lunch.   Underdogs not only has replicated Detroit's counterpart to Philly's cheesesteak, namely the Coney Dog, but Underdogs has actually improved upon it.  Underdog's Michigan dog itself was well-spiced, firm and juicy, and the chili topping was rich and flavorful (and not thin and runny as is actual Detroit tradition).   The accompanying fries still had the peel on them, my favorite, and were crisp and well-seasoned.   Highly recommend, especially to the frankfurter and sausage fans out there.I went here the other day for a quick bite. The menu was extensive, having every type of topping you could imagine a hotdog to have. I chose The Warsaw with some sauerkraut on the side. While anxiously waiting for my dog I noticed the ambiance. The decorative walls reminded me of something Shepard Ferry would paint, but in yellow. The music they were playing was better than some bars I've been to in the city. When I finally got my hotdog, after the guy who came in after me got his first, it was really great! The spicy mustard was very tasty as well. The sauerkraut, unfortunately, did not win me over. It did not have much taste, and did not resemble sauerkraut all that much. 
Overall, I would go back, but I think the service could be better and I definitely would not order the sauerkraut again.Great dogs and awesome fries.  If you eat your way through the menu you get your name on the wall and a card to get cheap combo meals.  The Michigan, Bufalo Gal and Seattle Grunge Dog are my go to favorites.  I usually get the Old Bay or Garlic dipping sauce for my fries.  Look for my name on the wall by the register, Bob Blunt.Nice Selection. Nice prices. I got the vegan Chicago meal. Only issue- It was really a sausage not a hot dog. But it tasted great, so who cares. The fries were great as well and comes with a choice of dipping sauces. Roll was just okay. Will try the gluten free roll next time.I ordered 2 different veggie dogs and fries tonight, and they were all great and delivered in 15 min.This is a small unassuming place to grab a hotdog. It is actually quite easy to miss since it is on the lower level of the sidewalk.  When you walk in, you will notice that Underdogs has a dive like feel to it. The three hotdogs that I tried were the:
California Dreaming which has avocado, tomato and a lemon mustard zing to it. I wasn't too crazy about the lemon mustard taste. I felt it sort of ruined the taste of the avocado.
Chicago Style has yellow mustard, relish, chopped onions, tomatoes and peppers. I also put some ketchup on it. This was my second fave.
Warsaw which is a smoked kielbasa with sautéed onions and spicy mustard. I really enjoyed the smoked, meaty flavor of this. This would probably be my first choice.
French Fries w/Chipotle Mayo. They use peanut oil for the fries and they are very good! Very oily but, quite good.
Realize if you are coming here you will experience a very fattening meal. This is not a place for those that are health conscious. The toppings are incredibly fresh on each dog, which I can appreciate. My major gripe unfortunately was the hot dog bun. It was too much bread that tasted a little dry. For me the bread ruined the hot dog. If the hot dog bun was more soft and flavorful then it would make the dogs a lot more flavorful and they would have more of a kick to them. Also, less of all that dry bread could actually increase sales. People are probably filling up on all that bread. 
One hotdog here is very filling. It is enough to hold you over.  I came with my husband and had him polish off the rest of the dogs. I only took one or two bites of each. Also, underdogs isn't the cleanest either. They need to do some cleaning, especially their floors. 
They have an ATM here which initially made me think that they were cash only but, they do accept credit cards. If you try each of the dogs here your name is put on the wall. They also have dog punch cards. The customer service is good here and they are friendly and attentive. Underdogs has lots of good traits, all they need to do is some cleaning and change the hot dog bun to a better alternative.I really loved these hot dogs!  The buns stand up to the toppings really well, they're not WAY too overstuffed (which can lead to toppings spilling everywhere) but are still substantial.  
Mine (the Brats) was pork sausage with sauerkraut and horseradish mustard, and it was really tasty, a spin on a classic.  My girlfriend grabbed a Georgia Bulldog which was also terrific. That pepper hash... it's sweet and fantastic, made in house and featured on a handful of different dogs.  
The fries were great, the sriracha mayo was delicious... I'm a fan, Underdogs.Not sure how to rate this. Have ordered delivery from and been to Underdogs several times before and while I've tried a few options I am über obsessed with the Chicago dog and would have previously rated as a 4-5. Unfortunately, when I went in today, the person serving me went directly from taking my order/money to making my hot dog- no hand washing or gloves involved. I was a bit grossed out, but took the hot dog home for lunch anyways. Halfway through eating I came across a short thick piece of black and white hair that most resembled a dog's hair, that was less easy to ignore. Wound up throwing the rest away, which would have been more sad if my hot dog had not tasted like it had accidentally been replaced with a veggie dog.  Sad to lose my favorite red meat fix.We used Underdogs for our Wedding Celebration catering and we would highly recommend them to anyone that is looking for a fun and casual catering option.
Robert (the owner) was a class act from the very beginning.  He gave us plenty of options and explained his no-frills approach.  We got sides of Mac + Cheese and Pepper Hash with our 86 dogs (of 8 different varieties, all with vegetarian options) made by the Underdogs crew, since their fries do not travel well, self-admitted by Robert.
Delivery was timely and flawless.  The dogs are cut in half to offer more variety for you guests.  The mac and cheese was one of the most talked about side dishes.  Of the hot dogs that we chose, the Buffalo Gal was far and away my favorite. 
2 words to describe Underdogs catering:  Affordable and Awesome!I appreciate Underdogs' quality and creative options. My Marrakesh dog's merguez sausage had a great snap with excellent spicing, and was complimented nicely by the creamy, piquant harissa mayo and refreshing Meditteranean salad. The fries here are among the best I've tasted. Crispy, golden brown, and fluffy on the inside. They come with a free dipping sauce, and the chipotle mayo I chose to complement the fries did not disappoint, although next time I go I'll be sure to try the malt vinegar aioli.
I'd rate Underdogs 4-stars solely on culinary merit but they get an extra star for an extremely friendly, patient staff. They handle the Rittenhouse drunk crowds probably better than any other establishment I've seen. Prices are reasonable to boot. Thus Underdogs works well for late night munchies or when the mood for quality sausage strikes.Huge variety of delicious gourmet hot dogs to try. In addition to their huge variety of dogs, they also have gourmet cookies and probably the best fries I've hard. Highly recommended. It's also awesome that they're usually open until 4 AM on weekends.Came here for a late night snack. I would compare this place to Chicago hot dogs. Their menu is full of so many options. I ordered a beef hot dog with cream cheese, fried onions, and jalapeños. It was tasty but the hot dog itself was nothing special. It was the toppings that really made it. Their fries are awesome and the dips are even better. They have gluten free buns which are so rare to find. Perfect for anyone with a gluten allergy. The establishment itself is beyond dirty. I really regret eating inside. I honestly thought that bugs were going to come out of the floor and eat me. Ok, maybe that's a little extreme.Absolutely LOVE this place! It's a hidden GEM right in the heart of Rittenhouse...if it wasn't for an article I read in a magazine, I wouldn't have even known this place existed! HUGE selection of hotdogs, very unique pairings that make you go, "welllll I don't knnnoowww about that" but then BOOM, it's delicious!! Their rolls are great too, not your standard hotdog bun you buy at Acme. The fries are quite tasty! Reminds me of Five Guys french fries. If you're as big a hotdog fan as I am, you will not be dissappointed by this place! TIP: take their menu and have each one you eat stamped...once you try them all, you'r name gets painted up on their wall of fame (although my girlfriend feels it's a wall of shame)...my ultimate short term goal in life!Kudos for knowing a bit of Philadelphia hot dog history - pepper hash and the Philly surf and turf; a hot dog with a fish cake. All that is missing is Levis Champ Cherry to wash it down.
Locally sourced artisan dogs and sausages. Custom bun. Interesting condiments.
Low price. Friendly employes. Yes, friendly wit no addytood.
Two suggestions to them: a Rutt's Hut style ripper and a North Jersey Italian Hot Dog would bring the menu to a nice round 25 count.
I'm already looking forward to going back.Not too bad. But sadly, Underdogs was rather... underwhelming.
On my way back from a trip to Reading Terminal Market with two of my friends (who half near drove me to bankruptcy while at RTM), we decided to grab an early dinner and head back to my place. We found ourselves at 16th street and were in the mood for something fast-foodish, so it came down to either Underdogs or Shake Shack, of which both were remaining to be checked off in my books.
Since 17th was right around the corner and we were already dead tired, we decided to hit up Underdogs and leave Shake Shack for another day. This is, as other reviewers have mentioned, one of those small, hole-in-the-wall types of places, but has its own charm to it. Decor mainly consists of anarchist-looking paper fists for those intrepid warriors who have downed 23 of their dogs (doesn't have to be in the same sitting).
After asking for recommendations (vegan dogs, of course), I was steered towards the California Dreamin' and My Thai dogs. In my opinion, they really weren't THAT mind-blowingly-awesome as some other reviewers have mentioned. The rolls were not that great, but the vegan dog itself wasn't bad. The Thai peanut sauce was too sweet for the overall composition of the dog, and the papaya just added a funky texture and taste. On the other hand, the veggies on the California Dreamin' (onions, avocado, tomatoes) were fresh and nice.
All in all, they were okay, but definitely not worth the 10$ that I shelled out. On that note, this place is cash only, so keep that in mind!
Tip: Where's the ultimate vegan dog in the US (in my opinion)? Try Spike's Junkyard Dogs up in the Boston area (http://www.spikesjunkyarddogs.com). Really good stuff!So many options... well 23 to be exact... all hot dogs made fresh daily... well worth the tripWe stopped here as we we super early for our dinner reservation in the city.  We decided to get the Chicago Style hotdog.  I must say that I usually am not a huge fan of hotdogs but this was just any hotdog.  It is piled with other goodies that tickle your tastebuds in just the right way.  At 4$ for a hotdog, they better be good.  I would go back here, there are many different variations of toppings and they even have a veggie dog which apparrently is just as good!Though the hotdog was fine, the bun was stale, and not like oh it wasn't fresh from the oven stale, it was like day-old-gotta-chew-a-little-harder stale. I went with the combo to try their fries which were really good to start out with, but as I got deeper into the bag, I realized they put WAY too much salt in there. I like salty fries, but it was just over the top to the point where it didn't taste like salted french fries but more like potatoed salt. In addition, the soda they gave me was filled to the top with ice before any soda was added, so I'd recommend telling them to go low-ice or none at all. Soda costs like nothing to make and sells with huge markup and they cheaped out on it.
The few redeeming things I could say was that the guy at the register seemed friendly, the service was quick, the onions on my hotdog were fresh, and the wasabi aioli I tried was interesting, and though not exceptional, tasted exactly how you'd imagine it to taste.
But I have low hopes for this place. If you can't get a basic hotdog, fries, and a soda right for $7.50+ why would I be enticed to pay more to try your more experimental/complicated offerings outside of pure novelty? Save your money and your palate, it's an "underdog" for a reason.Got the chihuahua dog, so damn good, though that didnt taste very queso fresco like to me. No matter though, whatever it was it was great. Asked one of the staff what dipping sauce to get and was recommended the bbq (perfect rec).
Don't know why these little gourmet dog shops are all the fad now, but this place is good and nearby... I'll definitely return for another bite.Stopped in here for lunch one day on a whim, after walking by it numerous times.   This is a place that offers every imaginable version of a hot dog, the menu is almost overwhelming with the choices.  
I probably should have opted for something traditional, but the "Marrakesh" appealed to me (spicy lamb sausage, harissa mayo, chopped cucumbers).  The sausage itself was OK, but the topping didn't really have the flavor "pop" that I was expecting for a place that seems to pride itself on its toppings.  Worst of all, the bun was dry and tasteless.  Any storebought bun would have been better.
Not planning to come back here anytime soon.Underdogs is one of those places that I've walked by a ton and always think that I should try it sometime. I finally got the chance to with a couple friends after a happy hour. 
I had the pero caliente--a hot dog with pico de gallo, sour cream, and jalapenos. The dog itself is fine, but the majority of it was straight up sour cream. I don't even remember tasting any pico de gallo on there. The bun was a little dry--I'm not sure if they steam or grill them, but it sure doesn't seem like it. My two friends both got the Chicago style hot dog, which they both enjoyed but had similar complaints about a dry bun. 
I'm definitely not dying to come back here, but at the same time wouldn't mind it given a certain level of intoxication.Worker is cleaning with broom, and don't bother washing his hands before making my foodDecent dog dingy decor.
Yelp says that's too short to post.
How about now?
Is that a haiku?I know I shouldn't write reviews at 1:12am, but underdogs was our "late night" snack after a great Friday night. I'm quite a "foodie" as they say, and the fact that I can get a merquez sausage at 1am is something special to me! Rachel the "keeper of drunks" was awesome, and super helpful and funny to us at 1am, knowledge and friendly, she was great! I didn't bother to read the other reviews, I just know it was a great late night snack and anyone crying isn't giving underdogs their just-do's!I don't know how I have lived in Philly for 2 years and never came to Underdog before this week...really, I literally don't! I've walked by so many times but never ventured in until last Saturday night around 1am.  I was craving some late night pizza and some one recommended Underdog instead.
I got The Adonis which is the lamb hotdog and it was ridiculously delicious from what I remember (but maybe everything tastes ridiculously delicious at 1am when you're drunk). Nonetheless, I thoroughly enjoyed it and I will definitely go back. 
I took a star off because they're cash only and I hate that. But not to worry, there's an ATM on site of course! I'm just sayin' I dont like when places don't want to pay credit card fees but they want their customers to pay them an ATM fee. Who carries cash anymore?Just a recap, I first came here on a Thursday at 8:50pm and they were closed, even though they were supposed to be open until midnight during the week. There were no signs in the window or anything...
So fast forward 2 months and 3 (successful) visits and I'm still not impressed, at all. I've tried 8 different dogs and none of them stood out. You can't help but to have expectations when you see such unique looking food and I think that might be some of the reason why I'm so let down. The dogs definitely look way better than they taste. I'm not saying they're bad, I just think they were all a little on the bland side. The thing that irritates me most about Underdogs is your toppings depend on what type of mood the cook is in and/ or how busy they are. Of the few times I've been there, I've never had a dog loaded from end to end with toppings like some of the pics that I've seen on this site. That in itself was a major disappointment...
On the plus side, I like their name and the decor. Especially the throwback sports pics. And though I don't think I'll be going back for anymore dogs, I can say that they have some of the best fast food fries that I've had in the city and their 13 fry sauces compliment them very well. They are very addicting. I can totally see myself going there at 2am and binging on fries with a few different sauces.My partner and I went there last night.  She has been going there regularly and trying to get all of the menu stamps for a "fist" and convinced me to give them a try.  I was not dissappointed!!!
The owner, Robert, was super chill and friendly.  I had the chilli-cheese dog and she had the texas tom dog.  Of these two, I prefered mine.  :)  I mentioned to the owner that I was interested in the "Peanut butter and Jelly dog"  (Yes, thats right!!!) and he gave us one to try.  Now this was an interesting combination.  Imagine a PB&J sandwich with bacon in it.  This was good :):):):)
I am putting this on my short list of places for quick eats. Its a hike from our house, but if I get a hot dog craving, I don't think this place can be beat.'HOT DOGS'
vegetarian coney classic
vegetarian california dreamin
vegetarian my thai
'DIPPING SAUCES'
chipotle mayo
garlic aioli
horseradish mustard
cash only, 
byob,
order a combo, 
eat everything
&
remember to say 'vegetarian' (if you're into that)I love this place.  Firstly they get an extra star for the name alone.  Its the best name in the entire city (if you don't know it is "under" ground).  I have only had one dog, the Texas Tommy which was great.  The price is right, lunch for two was $13.  They are BYOB and open until 4am on Friday and Saturday night.  The owner, servers, cashiers were great.  
Some of these other reviews are a little ridiculous.  This place is not competing with Le Bec, this is a fun hotdog joint.  For fun hotdog joints, this place is doing 100% right.My husband ate here recently and loved it. The hand cut fries are divine and come with loads of cool flavored mayo options. He got the equivalent of an Irish all-day breakfast on a bun (must be tried).Have to say I like Underdogs as much as Hot Diggity.  I think both are excellent and deserve success.  I think the goal is different for each so I expect a different experience.
  Hot Diggity is more "foodie"--shows me what a hot dog can be, pushes the boundaries.  Underdogs is more "classic"--the dogs I tried tasted very much like hot dogs but classic in the "best version" of a "normal" hot dog.  Their Michigan dog is the classic Chili dog, great all around.  The Chicago dog isn't my favorite but was a decent version.  The Texas or Fried Dog w bacon was very good, and they weren't afraid to let it be somewhat greasy.  There's 23 dogs on the menu, and I will be back for more, especially curious about the Thanksgiving dog, made from Turkey Sausage, w. stuffing, gravy and cranberry sauce. 
The fries are thinner at Underdog, a bit greasier, but delicious.  The dipping sauces at Underdog were better, w. more balanced flavors.  Sometimes at Hot Diggity, i wonder, "did anyone taste this sauce?"  The intensity can be too much, too overwhelming, not just too hot, but sometimes too bitter or too sweet as well.  These fries worked perfectly w. all the sauces I tried.
Price at Underdogs is great, around $6.50-$7.00 for a hot dog, fries and drink.  The size of the fries are a bit smaller and the soda comes w free refills which you have to get from the register person
I was full.  In Philly, it's easy to pay $10-15 for a what is basically fast food, so I'm glad for this creative, tasty option.  I will still go to Hot Diggity and wish both places great success.Not only is this place for underdogs, it's underground. You could walk by it and almost this gem located on the lower level of the street. The food is sooo freaking good. 
My personal favorite is the Adonis--a lamb sausage, with tzaziki, and tomatoe and cucumber salad. Now you may think, "cool, you just got a gyro in sausage form"--which is kinda true, but the lamb sausage is killerrrr. It's the perfect amount of spicy and has a really great flavor. All the sausages are locally bought and made, so it doesn't have that gamey flavor you sometimes get with "un-fresh" lamb. 
The best part about this place is that it's open super duper late. It's meant to be a drunk food, and when I went, I have never been so satisfied with my "drunkchie" food.What happened to standards ? Bun was ice cold - not a Chicago dog in my book and so filthy as in a dump - this used to be my favorite dog joint in Philly but like Jim's has lost its standards - such a shameI went to Underdogs the day it opened and many times since!
I'm a huge fan of the special dogs they serve, specifically the Mac Daddy- fried Mac and cheese and broccoli with jalapeño sour cream. Delish
I don't *love* the bread, it's just a bit too doughy for me. They give free refills if you ask and the sriracha mayo is fantastic. I think the combo (dog, drink and fries) is a good deal for about 8 bucks.Went here with friends visiting from out of town for a quick lunch and had a mediocre meal. The toppings, which make this joint gourmet aren't all that special when the meat is sub par and cold. Also, the buns are terrible. They are too thick, dry and bready and the ratio of bun to meat is way off. I will say, the fries are fantastic and the menu is creative but the ideas are not executed well. I am sure this place is sufficient for the late night bar crowd, but we will be at 500 degrees instead. Fries to go please?I got the California dreaming hotdog- avocado/lemon/tomato dressing. It was 4 bucks plus tax. The hotdog was ok but with the topping it was different. I'm not sure if it's worth 4 bucks.. prob not.... but I would try it here once. I might come back and try the other kinds of hot dogs next time. 
 It's open late...I could see this being a good drunk spot for a late night snack. 
I saw a debit pin thing so I assume they take card but I brought cash (in case)!Cash only, folks. Wish I had read other people's reviews more closely to catch that, to avoid having to use their onsite ATM. 
Extensive menu with lots of options for your hot dog and for aoili's to go with your fries. I got the Adonis, which is a lamb sausage that comes with the usual accompaniments. The sausage itself was perfectly cooked, tender, and flavorful. The bun really didn't help things any- quite generic in taste and texture. The fries were great, and they give a very generous portion of them. I got the curry mayo which was pretty good. My fountain soda tasted very dilute/more or less like club soda with a hint of root beer.  
The guy behind the counter, who I believe was the owner, was very helpful and enthusiastic about their offerings.this place is in a good location, near some bars I frequent, and open late on weekends. 
So I went in for some fries the other night. Had hot dogs before, nothin really special, I mean its a hot dog shop... But I heard the fries were good. so I got some and then the owner asked me to leave. I asked why, and then saw an ex's friend. So, I said it was kinda bullshit, since I was minding my own business, and security threw me the hell out. 
Ok. That's his job and I wasn't trying to fight him. But once outside, I was attacked by two random drunks, the bouncer kinda warded them off after they kicked me and tried to hit me, which was cool, but as I looked up, I saw THE OWNER STANDING OVER ME AND TAKE A SWING AT ME. 
I guess that speaks for itself, I was on the ground, pushed into the street by security guy and now being attacked by strangers and this skinny bald guy is swinging at me too. 
Seriously, why did he get involved? I understand kicking people out of places, especially late nights, and I wasn't fighting a 6'2" bouncer, but the OWNER himself trying to blindside me? 
Don't know what to even call that...I've only had their Texas Tommy and the Warsaw Packed. I do like the fries and they give you a TON of greasy fries in a bag plus a variety of sauces. I definitely want to come back here and try all the dogs on their menu.Underdogs can be easily over looked because its situated under a building but this charming hot-dog shop is worth the stop. Their 20+ menu will take you 20+ mins to decide what you want because they all sound so so delicious. You definitely shouldn't choose just one. I got the Andonis (lamb sausage with Gyro toppings) and the Warsaw packed (kielbasa with mustard and fried onions). 
The style is cool, revolutionary, and empowering! If you get a certain amount  of dogs punched off your card you can sign your name on a power fist sticker and be forever on their walls. Hot dog fame awaits those that accept the challenge. 
The combo comes with fries and a choice of dipping sauce (I got chipotle mayo! my sis for curry mayo, and her BF got peanut sauce mayo) and a soda. 
Underdogs is a work of creativity to vamp up the boring dog to a super dog.The hot dogs were good, as were the fries and the garlic aioli dipping sauce. The buns were a little cold, but it didn't diminish the meal for me.
The reason I'm giving Underdogs 3 stars instead of 4 is the way I was spoken to by the staff. When placing my order over the phone, I was told to "hurry up" because he had "people waiting, man". Casual hot dog joint or not, that moron should be canned.Most recent visit, still fabulous as usual ! Come here before 1 am, it's super chill !This has been on my list of places to go since I've heard of it 2 years ago and finally made it!  So definitely a good choice to go to post-drinking.  It was around 9pm, after a day-load at Monk's, we were getting the munchies and perfect end to a fun afternoon.  Being the lady that I am, I got the Texas Tommy.  Wrapped in bacon and topped with cheese??  There goes my "diet".  And I got a "good for you" response from one of the servers :)  But it was sooo good.  And that sriracha mayo I got with the fries were also just as good.  I admit, the grease hit me all at once, and only made it through half the fries.  And I liked the thick and slightly crispness of the bread.  This place hit the spot.  And WAAAY better than this hotdog place I tried down in Sea Isle a few months ago.Terribly unforgettable.
Though the vast menu promises otherwise, the end result is pretty average.  Their regular beef sausage is nothing to rave home about, not particularly flavorful, and the toppings not particularly plentiful.  The worst part, the bun, is toothsome and overly starchy.  It is way too bread-y  for a hot dog and is almost more hoagie-esque.  In my personal opinion, a bun should be soft, almost one with sausage and that each bite is equal 1/3 bread, 2/3 hot dog/contents.  With Underdogs' buns, I always manage to peel off more bread when eating these so I could enjoy the contents.  Unsuccessful.
Affordable and toppings are fresh, but that's about it.  And on a total side note, as lamented by other reviewers here, I deeply miss Argan, the former occupant. I still dream of their ridiculously lovely baba.  Boo. :(Man, I love this place. I know that hot dogs are "trendy" right now, but that doesn't make this place any less of a neccesity sometimes. The people who work there are really friendly, the service is usually quick (even at 3am on a Saturday night), and it's a great location.  I do wish they grilled the hotdogs instead of boiled them, but they are still really good. Also, I wish they were open a little later on the weeknights, but I understand why they aren't. I have tried maybe ten of them and have yet to be dissapointed.We had great lunch at Underdogs; authentic and took be back to my days in Chicago.  My only reason for not returning  is the space. It needs to be cleaned  and repainted.This is such a wonderful find in the Rittenhouse area!  There are so few economical options in the area so underdogs is a breath of fresh air.  One of the best things about underdogs is the owner.  He is a super "real" person and is passionate about his business and his food.  The last time we were there he let us try a new cookie recipe that he had been working on perfecting.  So, I am not that much of a hot dog person but I think that if I were I would be in heaven.  There are about 40 different hot dog options and various dipping sauces.  You can have them with or without fries.  I like how the name of the establishment - Underdogs - corresponds with having to walk underground - - this is a basement establishment.  I love independent places like this and hope that this business continues to thrive!After a night of drinking, you cannot do better for late night food than Underdogs. And this rating is despite me having a PB&J dog, which I found awful (though my friend scarfed down two). They have something like 40 different styles of hot dogs, and more people watching than you'll know how to handle.Stayed at a hotel nearby and wanted to grab something quick, easy, tasty and reasonably priced. This place met all of those requirements! The owner was very welcoming, patient, and helpful in suggesting specialty dogs that suited my preferences. Had the Georgia Bulldog and the Chihuahua dog. They were both excellent! The fries here are really good, I like them as is without the dipping sauce.I may have been here previously..today, I decided to try the vegan dog! You can still get anything or have one of their combos(also have gluten free roll)! I tried the Chicago style, since I am from Chicago and miss Chicago style. I thought it was very tasty. With combo you can have a sauce for fries I had to get the malt vinegar aoili. Yum. And they have pepsi products but also have fizzy water in machine. perfect. I was able to dine in and relax. They play good, old 80's new wave music.  PS Vegan dog is tofurky brand. Actually use their sausage. Underdogs has regular Italian sausage and brats on menu as well as all beef hotdogs. I shall return. prices are good! Lunch under $10.Eat one of every hot dog on the menu to earn a fist on the wall with my name on it?! 
Challenge Accepted!
Wait, I don't need to do it in one sitting? Well, that's gonna make it easier!
I was first introduced to Underdogs at a Yelp! event and made a mental note to return.  Maybe they put something in the samples I had, the Georgia Bulldog and Coney Classic, that help keep the tastes alive in my mind.  For whatever reason, it took me forever to return... until I realized they were open to 4AM on the weekends!  Victory is mine.  I confirmed my opinion on the Coney and branched out to lamb with The Adonis.  Both hit the spot, but I still give the edge to the Coney.  Now, I only have 21 more dogs to cross off the list...Best hotdogs ever (WHEN YOU ARE DRUNK)! But seriously, I came here on a drunken Saturday night, the staff was soo friendly and the food came so FAST (what else could you ask for when you are drunk and hungry)? I got the baffolo gal and it is AWESOME! You don't even have to worry about how embarrassing you look when digging into that hotdog because chances are everyone else at the place is as drunk as you are!!I absolutely love this place, it was my first time here. I'm so glad I found it on yelp and decided to try it out. The staff is so nice, helpful, and made me feel so welcomed. Now the Dogs...amazing! If you love or even like hotdogs this place is a must! So many options and you get so much food for such a great price. I definitely will be going back :-)I boycotted hotdogs from age 8 through 16 for a reason that probably seemed totally legitimate in third grade but that I have since forgotten. I have nothing against the food now, but rarely think to eat it - it's just not on my radar. Apparently my subconscious really wanted me to try Underdogs, because I woke up from a nap in the middle of an incredibly vivid dream about eating an Italian sausage sandwich and knew that I had go to find one immediately. Never fear, Underdogs is here! 
Their menu has an extensive range of dawgs - ranging from traditional American favorites (the Texas Tommy) to innovative (I am now dying to try the Thai version with peanut sauce and green papaya). Clearly inspired by my dream, I went with "the ninth streeter" - Italian sausage with sauteed peppers and onions. It had classic Jersey shore flavor, but was much more delicious - great bun, delicious non-greasy sausage, really flavorful and well-cooked onions and peppers. The combo comes with a drink and a very generous portion of excellent fries. They have a ton of options for dipping sauce, I tried both the garlic aioli and Utah fry sauce. I purposefully am forgetting what they told me is in the Utah fry sauce because it is really delicious and "ketchup, mayo, and pickle juice" sounds too much like a concoction that sixth-grade boys try to make each other eat before throwing up. Just think of it as "like Russian dressing." Yum!
The space is cute, there's lots of seating, and service is friendly and fast. I showed up half an hour before closing and they were still quite busy. Late-night hours, anyone? They would be a perfect spot for satisfying late-night cravings!These guys are amazing. As a vegetarian I'm gonna go ahead and say they have the best vegan dog i've ever had... The bbq mustard and malt vinegar aioli are fantastic. Tons of spicy mustard to go around and it barely dents the wallet. My new favorite center city spot...meh, overpriced hotdogs in a basement. Focus on making a good hot dog, not these fancy named silly ones. Also, this is a garden level/basement setting. Thus it lacked ambienceA+ for The Marrakesh!
A good place to grab a cheap, fast, and delicious bite in the Rittenhou$e neighborhood.  The huge menu definitely has something for everyone.  I'll be back to try out the other combos! Bonus star for staying open til 4AM during the wknd!Came here for a late night treat after a night out.  Had the lamb hot dog which was quite good although slightly overpriced for the small portion.best selection of dogs. Great, funky atmosphere. Reminds me of Zippy's back home (only they do burgers).  They have gluten free buns, which is great!  fries are hand cut. And the sauces! Garlic aoli was to-die-forExactly what I've been looking for in center city. A combination of old school and modern, underdogs is a reinvention cooked for success. 
The ambiance was well put together, sublime playing in the background of the small store front. The store located underneath a much bigger building. I knew it was going to be good. I just didn't know how good. The menu was on the wall, the cook was singing to the lyrics and the other workers were laughing about some inside joke. It felt homey and happy.
I ordered four dogs: the california dream, the tryp, the chicago and the warsaw. All were delicious, but the two that stood out were the tryp and the chicago. The first was a twist on the thanksgiving platter and the second a perfectly concocted traditionally structured dog: yellow mustard, relish, chopped onions, tomato slices, sport peppers, a dill pickle spear and celery salt. I was engulfed in flavor immediately. Basically delicious. 
And to top it off (pun intended) the owner walked over to our table personally and on his own, making sure we were enjoying the meal. Furthermore, he gave us a quick hot dog history lesson on east coast vs midwest coney dog.
I simply can't complain. But then again, maybe their name shouldn't be underdogs.I finally made it to Underdogs and I was really impressed. 
First, the guy behind the counter gave great customer service. He may have been the owner because he was proud of the dogs and really eager to see if you enjoyed them. 
I got the Hair of the Dog and was a little disappointed because I thought it was a hot dog but it was basically just an egg sandwich. It was a delicious egg sandwich but I had to have a dog. I followed that up with a California dog. The avocado and lemon was a great combo and even though it was a strong flavor, it didn't over power the dogs. Which brings me to my next topic, the dogs. 
They use Berks hot dogs which are really good, big and flavorful. I'm from Berks County so I was happy to see my hometown dog. 
We also got an order of fries with a dipping sauce. We asked for the vinegar sauce but they brought us an additional curry sauce to try as well. Both were delicious and the fries were fresh cut. 
I'm a big hot dog fan and would suggest Underdogs to any Hot Dog aficionados.Oh, Underdogs. Where have you been all my life?
This place is a little hidden treasure. I am a big fan of hot dogs and didn't have big expectations when I first went to try out their vast selections of crafty dogs. The menu is a bit overwhelming. It took me longer than I thought to decide the first time!
My favorite is The Chihuahua...chorizo dog with spicy mayo and cheese? Um, YES!
The fries are delicious. They are the closest thing to In & Out's fries that I've found in awhile. And they have a great variety of dipping sauces...my favorite are the spicy mayo and the malt vinegar aioli. Delish!!!
The employees are always really cool. The girl I usually see behind the counter is super friendly. 
Price wise, it's a good place for a cheap lunch/dinner. Hot dogs range from $3-4 and you can get a combo for about $6. 
BYOB after five pm! Expect to leave this place with a massive food baby.This place is closed. It was really just meh, nothing special. Last time we were here the employees were really checked out, like totally off in their own worlds. Maybe they knew it was coming.I am lovin' the hot dog fad in Philly! I stopped in at Underdogs for a California Dreamin' dog because I figured it was the one that would cause the least harm to my insides. This was my major mistake because to really enjoy a hot dog, you've got to have some savory, spicy, cheesiness, right? My dog was a bit too light and girly, which I should have expected, but I will surely be back to try something more intense. Maybe I will surprise everyone and get the bacon-wrapped and deep fried dog. Yeah, that'll show my arteries who's boss!I was super excited to go here. It was seriously on my mind nonstop for a few days, since I found it on Yelp. So I rounded up a few people and decided to check it out yesterday (Thursday) at 8:50pm and they were closed!!! Wtf!?!? But even though I'm giving Underdogs 1 star for this review, I'll give the guy at the counter, counting money 5 stars for the effort he gave to not make eye contact with me. There were no signs in the window, saying closed for inspection/ inventory or anything like that, which just added more to my aggravation. Especially since they're supposed to be open til midnight during the week.I'm a big fan of most things about Underdogs:
 * the staff are great -- friendly, willing to discuss the product, service-oriented
 * the fries are excellent and the fry sauces are terrific (Utah Fry Sauce and Curry Mayo are my faves)
 *  the buns are chewy, sturdy and delicious without getting in the way of the sausage 
 * the sandwich menu offers creative new combos as well as old classics
 * toppings are fresh, tasty and applied in good measure
 * the non-frankfurter sandwiches (I've tried all but 3) are uniformly delicious
But, I don't love the hot dogs themselves, sad to say. I had a great conversation with Robert (owner/braintrust) about why they use a hot water bath rather than grilling the dogs, and to a lesser extent why they use the Dietz & Watsons - it's about replicating traditional Philadelphian hot dog service. He said that they would happily split and grill a dog for me any time, and not only have they done that, but he remembers me and offers to do it when I order. But after lunch today, I just have to conclude that I don't love the D&W dogs. But I do like Nathan's & Heb Nats, so it's not hot dogs in general.
Don't get me wrong - I WILL remain a frequent customer, and I will get my name on a fist on the wall for trying all 23 dogs. But once I've done that, I will be sticking to the many excellent non-frankfurter options the menu provides - the 9th Streeter's spicy Italian, the Warsaw Packed's kielbasa and the Marrakesh's merguez are my faves so far. The Adonis (lamb with gyro toppings) and Brats were also quite good.My boyfriend and I were coming home from a late movie and wanted to stop for a late night snack, and this place hit the spot. I got a Chicago dog with a vegan hotdog and he got the Brat. First of all, I was very impressed that a vegan dog was an option. It makes me really happy that it was. For us non-beef eaters, other hotdog alternatives are always exciting. 
Second, the price was very reasonable. This was a good snack for less than 15 dollars. People complain the bread is too bready, and I would also agree with that. The place is also not exactly the nicest or the cleanest, but I dont think you can expect it from a place you go to for a midnight snack. 
So, I wasn't floored with my experience, but it definitely wasn't bad. I could see myself going there again.My boyfriend and I walked right by Underdogs while shopping around this weekend. Since we both love hot dogs, we decided it was the perfect place for lunch. 
I got the Georgia Bulldog which was awesome. I'd rather have my hot dog grilled on a flat top BUT this one was still delicious. It had this pepper hash on it that was awesome with a BBQ mustard. I love salty/sweet. 
Next time I'm in the neighborhood, I'll definitely hit it up again.One of my coworkers recommended it to me and after being used to the $6+ lunches in the area, I gladly gave it a shot. I got the California Dreaming - big hot dog, great bun, lots of avocado onions vinaigrette, etc. For less than $5 I couldn't complain. The ambience could be better, but then again, it's a hot dog place. I'll definitely be coming back.As the old saying goes, everybody loves an underdog. And these underdogs are no exception. But we aren't talking your Disney feel-good sports movie underdogs here. Underdogs is much more literal here - delicious "gourmet" hot dogs with a wild variety of unique toppings, served from a small corner shop "under" the street level on 17th Street. (Get it? UNDERDOGS?)
Despite all of the great upscale dining we had treated ourselves to all week, I had my eye on Underdogs since we checked in across the street at the Latham. Gourmet hot dogs? Open Late? Underdogs was the perfect place to stop for late night munchies after having a few pints on my last night in town. I texted the wife to get her order and headed over to get me some Underdogs. 
The interior of Underdogs is small but functional, with a handful of booths for eating in, but it seems they do most of their business with takeout/to-go orders. Being an Underdogs "virgin" (and a little bit drunk) I was a bit overwhelmed by the 23+ hot dog selection I had to choose from. I didn't see the rotating specials lined up on the side wall and had a bit of buyers remorse from not noticing the hot dog topped with mac and cheese until after I ordered, but I was happy with my selections. I ordered two Texas Tommy's - one for the wife and one for me - which are wrapped in bacon, deep-fried, and topped with cheese. I also ordered one Michigan Dog - known in Michigan as a Coney Dog - a classic beef dog topped with "Coney" chili sauce, cheddar, and mustard. I had to get one "off the grid" hot dog, so I rounded out the order with a My Thai, topped with spicy peanut sauce and Asian slaw. I also got a large order of fries, which comes with two of their house dipping sauces. (I went for the Old Bay Mayo and Garlic Aioli)
The total for all of that was a bit over $20, and when ready I was handed a huge bag full of late-night munchies goodness. I headed across the street to the Latham and the wife and I began to tear into some Underdogs. Overall, we thought the Texas Tommy was the weakest. It looks like the cheese is put on right after the dog comes out of the fryer. It melts fast, leaving a rather dry hot dog. A cheese sauce would be better here. I really enjoyed both the Michigan (nice chili) and My Thai (slaw and peanut sauce worked perfectly) and their fries and sauces were fantastic. I wish they gave you a larger portion of the dipping sauce, and extra sauce costs $.25 a pop. 
The hot dog they use is a quality dog, but they offer other sausages as well, and this is where they get really creative. Sure, you can get "The Brats" - a traditional pork bratwurst with kraut and horseradish mustard. Or you could go for something like "The Tryp" - a smoked turkey dog topped with stuffing, gravy, and cranberry relish. Everything I had featured the traditional hot dog, but I definitely want to try one of this crazy sausage concoctions on a future visit. (And I promise Underdogs, there will be a future visit)Cute little find in center city.  Best hotdog ever!!! Great selection. Funky combos and delicious fries!!!During a recent afternoon of running errands in Center City, my husband and I realized we hadn't eaten lunch.  There are always a billion places that I want to visit for lunch in CC (I live and work in S. Philly so I'm rarely in CC at the noon hour), and decided I wanted to try Luke's Lobster.  However, as we were walking there, I realized I wasn't hungry enough for (or in the mood for) such an expensive lunch, so we stopped at Underdogs, two doors down.
I liked mostly everything about Underdogs- the price is right for the quality and portion sizes, there is a wide variety of choices, the walls are decorated with the names of people who have eaten all 23 dog varieties, and the dipping sauces were phenomenal. 
What I didn't like was the dogs themselves.  I felt like they really lacked flavor.  And for a hot dog establishment, having a really solid dog is super important.
Overall, if you have a hot dog craving, are in Center City, and don't feel like paying an arm and a leg for something to eat, I'd definitely give Underdogs a try!Great concept and staff. The dogs were delish and so were the fries and dipping sauces. Maybe it was the weather, but they had some sketchy clientele only there for the bathroom?? Other than that, it was a super fun night out with 4 girls, 4 dogs, and tons of fries!
Ps they dont serve come productsThis place puts a nice change on the classic American food item. They pair a hot dog or sausage with just about anything you can think of. I had the Peanut Butter and Jelly dog and it was surprisingly a good combo. There's lots of different variations to try and if you're a hot dog fan, you will not be disappointed.This place rules! I only go in every few weeks, but all the employees remember my name. I've tried every hot dog here and they are all great. Even the weird ones that I thought I wouldn't like, turned out to be very pleasant surprises. Do yourself a favor and order the large fries, they are the best in town and come with your choice of delicious aioli. My vegetarian friend said that the vegi-dog was the best he has ever had in his life.Will start by saying I'm a vegetarian and my vegetarian crack is veggie hot dogs. Just like you meat eaters I do not question the ingredients and sincerely hope and pray there is no meat involved. Well this place is the best! They make all the hot dogs with a veggie dog if you want! I always get take out and walk around and eat it because I can't even wait to get home. Really great spot for something quick, yummy and not expensive. Always nice staff and quick service. I really like the chicago dog!Really yummy hotdogs here! They're all different but delicious. I had "the Michigan" which is chilli, onion, cheese and mustard and it was amazing. The fries are great and they have different sauces. I had the "serracha" the lady said itd be spicy, but it was wasn't and was still good. My friend had "pero caliente" with chipotle mayo and she enjoyed it as well.Pretty good dogs! Got two:
The Chicago was definitely my favorite with yellow mustard, relish, chopped onions, tomato slices, sport peppers, dill pickle spear, and celery salt. Very tasty (and spicy!)!
The Coney Classic was the most underwhelming: the sauerkraut fell flat (see Frankford Hall for stellar sauerkraut!) and nothing special was done to the dog to lift it up, save for the addition of spicy mustard.
and tasted a third:
The Chihuahua was great: chorizo sausage with sautéed onions, chipotle mayo and queso blanco crumbled on top.
The fries were middle-of-the-road fine. Not as thick as normal steak fries. Not as crispy as they could (should?) have been (a bit limp, in fact). Not the best, and not the worst, was the table's consensus.
The spot itself is roomier than it looks from the outside: descend a handful of stairs to a dimly lit half-basement location. The floor was generally sticky. The tables were clean, but the trash can had definitely had food smeared on it as people emptied their trays and was a bit gross to touch. The clientele was mostly male, but a few parents were dining with their kids.
Overall, Underdogs seems like a nice place for a quick bite. Their menu may not be as cheap as the food carts', but they're good and certainly not as pricey as many offerings in the Rittenhouse area.Great dogs, great fries, and great variety of menu items (most of which can accommodate a tofu dog in place of a beef dog). It's refreshing not to have the vegetarian option be some healthy salad-based alternative. We vegetarians want the same caloric gut punch as carnivores, just without the meat! And at Underdogs provides it. 
The only thing that could use some improvement is the buns. They're not particularly soft. I imagine that they're fresh, but they don't feel it. 
The Underdogs décor is an added bonus. The posters of Roberto Clemente, Jackie Robinson, and Tommie Smith & John Carlos on the wall make me very, very happy. But not as happy as ordering the Tryp with a tofu dog.Love this place. Great late night or weekend afternoon spot for a hot dog. The bread is a little thick for a hot dog, but the options are really unique. My fiance and I tired to eat every hot dog and get our names up on the wall. It was a fun journey, we have four left.I'll start by saying I love hotdogs. Growing up in the Lehigh Valley I've have my share of great chili cheese dogs from the likes of Yocco's, Pott's and Willy Joe's  I was hoping for my first great Philadelphia chili cheese dog from Underdogs, but unfortunately all I got was disappointment. 
Their chili dog was the Michigan, a standard dog with cheese, chili, onions and mustard. 
Criticism?  First, the Berks hotdog itself was nothing special to begin with was too big. I'm not even sure how it was cooked but it lacked any crispness that a flattop would provide. Secondly, the mound of onions and brown mustard zig-zags on  top made the dog not only awkward to eat but also overpowered any flavor the substandard meat provided. Finally, the toasted bun and melted cheddar over the dog made it even more difficult to eat and made it dry. Really who toasts a hotdog bun? You steam a hot dog bun. 
A bad attempt at an authentic Detroit Coney and one of the poorer examples of a chili cheese dogs I have had in Pennsylvania.
Rather than try to elevate the hotdog to a meal, halve the size of the dog itself, don't toast it, put the mustard and onions under the dog and the chili on top and cut the price in half. 
If I'm ever in the area and need something to eat after the bars let out I might come here again and try the fries, otherwise it's a once and done kind of place.Been here 3 times and had three different dogs: the smoker, a nice smoky sausage from Czerw's in Port Richmond; Pero Caliente, a spicy sausage with a chocolate mole and jalapeño; and damn I must have Alzheimer's because I can't remember the third right now. Let me just say they were all pretty good, not blow your socks off, but good. Smoker was easily the best but that's just my own preference. Fries are solid too. Definitely a good joint to grab lunch downtown if looking for cheap (relatively) and a sure upgrade from cart dogs. Try it...you will find something you like on their menu.Every dog I've had here has been amazing. A must for everyone. Don't miss this hidden gem.Terrible! I got the Chicago dog and if you don't know how to make a Chicago hot dog just don't bother. When I picked up my order I had to clarify "Is this mine?" "Is this the Chicago?". It looked nothing like a chicago because all the toppings were placed underneath the dog. Every Chicago hot dog I've ever had the topping were on top. Furthermore it's supposed to be sprinkled with celery salt not celery seed. Big Difference. No poppy seed roll ok but the roll they gave me was hard and cold. The staff looked bored and unhappy.Expected it to be better with all the hype. Executing a good hot dog shouldn't be difficult but in the end what made it lack luster was a poor choice of bun. The bread just ain't good. #TryHarderPhillyPopped in for a late lunch/earl dinner and decided to try the 'Smoker' and the 'My Thai'.  First, presentation.  Walked up to the counter and was met by a friendly lady.  She took my order, made a suggestion and took my cash with no problems at all.  The store was empty, but it has a nice feel to it.  It's not a first date kind of place, but definitely a  third date.  The dogs were made quickly, although I was a little squicked out by the counter nibbling out of a large stainless bowl.  No idea, it could just be her lunch.
The dogs were placed in a to-go box and I was on my way.  The first note on carryout service is there was no bag provided.  While it didn't cause me any sort of problem, if you are carrying any package at all, it could get awkward.  They may have bags available, but it wasn't offered and I didn't ask.
On arrival to my office, I popped the box down and opened it up.  Two tasty looking morsels stared up at me.  I tore into The Smoker first, as the lady at the counter said that it was the spicy one.  While it did have some heat, at no point was I wishing for water or bread.  Darned good flavor.  If I had one complaint, it would be the bun was not warm, so it was a little stiff.  Other than that, tasted great, was gone quickly.  Make sure you grab an extra napkin.  The toppings do tend to slide.
The My Thai was next.  Same complaint about the bun, but the overall flavor was terrific.  I would have never thought of putting peanut sauce on a dog, but it really worked.
Overall, I'm happy.I've had the Texas tommy and the chili dog ( whatever it's called on the menu). Great dogs cheap prices. They're open late as well. I stop here all the time on my walk back to the train.I'm not a huge hot dog or sausage fan, but this place could change my mind. I had the TRYP (turkey sausage with stuffing) and it was great. I tried a bite of a few other dogs and they were equally tasty. You won't find your average dog here. Their prices are cheap and I like the atmosphere. Overall, a good choice for a quick meal.note that this review is from a vegan perspective...
went there several times and enjoyed it because they offered vegetarian/vegan options. however on our last visit neither of the staffers seemed to understand the concept. (i asked about the dipping sauces and was told that all the mayo-based sauces were vegan. um?)
i ordered my dogs and ate them. i went back to get a soda refill and saw fish sauce on the counter. i asked them what they used it in. it went in one of the ingredients that had just been on one of my "vegan" dogs. fish sauce is not vegan! this leads me to believe that some of the dogs i had in the past may not have been as vegan as i thought either.
i'm very disappointed. if you're going to cater to an audience, you should be familiar with that audience's needs.Im not a big hot dog guy but this place is really good. It definitely plays to the "hole in the wall" thing. Small and underground (literally have to take steps down) Underdogs is a great lunch spot.Took a bit long to get our food, and when we did it was nothing I hadn't had before. It was worth a try, but nothing out of the ordinary in a city that has choices that are so much more memorable.Sometimes a girl just needs a hotdog.  
Tired of the endless salads that often come at lunch time, Underdogs has earned a spot in my lunch rotation.  The dogs are decent and offer fun toppings that can take you from Thailand to Greece with their ingredients.  Sir Mixalot may beg,"Don't lose those buns hun" but I beg to differ.  I think they overpower the dog, even with all the fixins.  A minor complaint and certainly not something that keeps me away.
I base 80% on my decision to dine here based on their fries and while they pretty much consume my caloric allowance, I don't really care.  They are my favorite version of fried potatoes: skin on, perfectly salted, and come with an aioli of your choosing.  A combo will cost you less than $8, which in these parts, is a good deal.  Plus there is always enough fries to share.Meh. Underwhelming and they charged me $1.50 for a cup of water.  Won't be back.came in here and waited in line for about 15 mins only to find that they were out of gluten free buns, despite the fact that they were still advertised on the CHALKBOARD next to the cash register. it's not a printed menu or a painted sign, it's a chalkboard, keep that sh*t up to date.Arrived today for a wonderful lunch at this establishment. I wish I could take on the challenge of eating all 23 options. Alas, I am not downtown enough to do that.
I ordered the Texas Tommy! It was pure bliss in my mouth, From the first bite to the last. I loved the taste of the hot dog, it is superior to any home variety. And many other dogs that I have eaten. It is flavorful and juicy. The melted cheese was awesome, although I am not sure I ever tasted the bacon. It was still awesome. I loved the bun as well, it was naturally crispy. 
Why is an awesome establishment a 4 and not a 5? Well it is hard to overlook the dirty floor and walls that need a cleaning. 
I liked the service, it was friendly and the dogs were delivered to the table. 
If the establishment was only clean it would have a 5 star rating.I really like this place. The fires are awesome and both dogs I've tried have been fantastic!What's better than getting a chili cheese dog @ 1 am on a Saturday night? Well...not much!
Great experience at Underdogs this weekend. Service was quick. Fries were amazing! Got the chipotle mayo and utah fry sauce (kinda like a sriracha mayo) for dipping. 
Signed up for the Underdogs challenge. Time to get my name up on that wall! Will post my favorite sausage & hotdog at the endI come here for a lunch that's not too big but totally satisfying. Plenty of awesome combinations for hot dogs and sausages made to cover whatever you're craving. Delicious seasonal specials keeps things fresh, but you'll quickly grow a list of favorite ones from the huge list on display. Tasty fresh fries with just as crazy a list of dipping sauces. Cool, friendly staff on deck has helped make this place a favorite of mine.The only problem here, is deciding which dog to get.  There were tons of dogs to choose from.  I ended up with the Marrakesh and California Dreamin- both delicious. 
California Dreamin: topped with avocado.
Marrakesh: margeuz sausauge with a mediterranean salad.  Fantastic.  Liked it more than the California.
I had heard complaints that the bun wasn't soft enough, but I thought they were just fine.   They were bigger than your usual hot dog bun to hold in all the extra toppings.  The fries came in a brown paper bag and were also really good, although not super crunchy.  The only downfall with this place is that they are a bit expensive.  The avg price is 4 bucks which seems a bit pricey for a hot dog.  I will definitely be back here again to try the other dogs they have.  I also love how they're open till 4AM on weekends!Stopped by this place by chance after I tried Luke's Lobster right next door and ordered the Back in the Day hotdog (your everyday hotdog + two pieces of fried cod fish and onions).  It tasted exactly as you would think - nothing special but gets the job done! They have various types of hotdogs with both standard/unique toppings added that makes this place different from your regular ketchup/mustard/relish hotdog you would get at a BBQ.  In terms of pricing, I think all the hotdogs sold here are just slightly overpriced in my opinion.  
I have heard from others this a pretty popular place to stop by after going out with friends for a late night snack.  Self serve tables on either ends to accommodate medium sized groups!UPDATE: I will not be returning to Underdogs. I went there the last time on 5/17. I was in a rush and wanted two dogs quick, it was not busy but it took forever to make them, whatever. As I waited, I could see the kitchen where the food was being prepared in full view. The "chef" was in the kitchen eating a hotdog, and I observed him putting the last bite into his mouth, and turning and getting buns for my hotdog - without washing his hands, using food prep gloves or even a wax tissue!
I was appalled! I could get past the unsanitary (possible Board of Health Violation) habit of him eating in the kitchen, but I could not get past him them handling my food without gloves or washing his hands immediately after eating in the kitchen!
I discretely mention this to a girl who tried to serve up the dirty dogs to me, and she tells me that didn't happen. After I insisted it did, because I observed it with my own eyes, she refused to make eye-contact me with and referred me to the girl at the cash register who offered to have the "chef" wash his hands and re-make the dogs. I declined, and asked for a refund which was promptly given.
The real issue is whether they will teach the staff better food handling techniques? I will not go back to find out. 
_____________________________________________________
I've been to Underdogs twice now, each time I got the veggie dog Chicago style. The second time I had the fries, but they were too greasy for my taste. I noticed they copied 5 Guys with the paper bag setup for the fries. 
The veggie dog Chicago style was good. I consider myself a veggie dog connoisseur, having tried plenty of brands, but the this dog was green/grey and I worried I would get food poisoning, luckily I did not, but the color weird's me out and I'm curious to know the brand they use.
Overall, I say go, but bring cash because they are cash only!!!!
The price is reasonable for a gourmet dog, the place is somewhat dive-y, but there is seating. The staff was friendly; just skip the fries unless you like grease.Best dogs in Philly.  Huge selection.  I recommend their chorizo and any of the all-beef dogs.  Some weird combinations, but they always work out (fish cake and beef dog = A+).  I think the buns are homemade, either way, they taste like it, good stuff.
Nice place to jump in for a quick bite. BYOB after 5pm.CLOSED. I went for my weekly treat on 3/3/16 and there was a huge Thank You but Goodbye poster on the front door.