I just dont understand. They have everything to make a great place.... except the wait staff is horrible. Maybe one day they will figure it out. Til then I'll be at the Abbaye.This place will be out of business by the end of next year.  Clearly the owners know nothing about the bar business - other then the obvious of needing alcohol and glassware.  Horrible.I landed here for a Paint Nite with my coworkers. We decided to head over a little early for dinner before our artistic adventure. We were all thrilled right off the bat because they had Not Your Father's Root Beer. To top it off, it was (according to some random Instagram account) National Root Beer Float Day. Who am I to refuse to celebrate that? Our waitress happily added some vanilla ice cream for a round of adult root beer floats- YUM! I ended up having the California grilled chicken sandwich. Add avocado and mango salsa to anything and I'm in! Between the tots I chose as my side and the root beer float, my inner child was a very happy camper. The restaurant is pretty large and open with lots of table and bar seating. It seems to be in line with what I picture "saloon" to mean in my head. My only complaint is that our waitress was a little MIA for how dead it was in there. I know this isn't a Paint Nite review- but we had wonderful time at that as well!! Overall, a great night!Terrible, terrible place!!! The staff was very rude, it amazes me people in customer service could actually be so hostile to their own customers. I went during an open bar and the bartender was actually requesting tips after every drink and even asked for a drink back when she wasn't happy with the tip amount. Then at the end of the night I watched them laugh at some girl who appeared to have lost her coat check ticket (and was crying!), telling her she was basically out of luck and wouldn't be able to get her jacket back. Outrageous behavior.Went to Urban Saloon yesterday with a group of 12. Service was exceptional and the food was delicious. Had a great "wing sampler" that was too tough call on which flavor I liked best. All of the wings were cooked perfectly though. Many in our group had the grilled cheese and all said it was delicious. I will definitely be heading back.Better than expected food for what is largely a sports bar.  Gets a decidedly Eagles crowd when the Eagles play.  It is right across the street from the Eastern States Penitentiary.  The service is very good.  We sat outdoors and enjoyed the people watching.  There were runners using the sidewalk to run as well as other locals and patrons. The meals are very reasonable priced.  The mussels were good.  I ordered a catfish sandwich.  They did not have tartar sauce however and it was a little dry.  My sons ordered hamburger and veggie burger respectively and both enjoyed them very much.  I got to taste both and I could see why they enjoyed it.We came with a pretty big group of people, and had great friendly service. However, maybe it's just because we got appetizers but I was not a fan of the food. Everything tasted fried, heavy and average. The wings just had tons of sauce, chicken fingers were average, tater tots were standard, nachos were pretty bad with just peppers and a little cheese on top, hummus was pretty ok. Also, they have tiny mini water glasses which is not fun when thirsty. And it is also extremely dark in there. So I think it's just not my type of place but I'm sure others would like it alot.Mikaela and I came here on our grand food tour of Philly. It may have been stop 20 of the day. Yes, we were full, and slightly drunk.. but we couldn't resist! 
The atmosphere is casual, very dark, and very "saloon" like. There are quaint candles that provide the only light. It has a rustic feel, and you feel like cowboys are going to swing through the front doors any moment, with beers in hand, and boots covered in Philly dirt. I loved it. It was a throwback in time, but also still felt like a place you wanted to be. A great bar! 
We ordered from their large selection of beers with dinner and for... our 8th meal of the day... I got the mac n cheese.. and the tater tots. I can never say no to tater tots, and automatically love anywhere that offers it. The mac n cheese was filling, creamy, and hit the spot... I Loved it! Yes, it is a bar, and bar food... but compared to other  bar food it exceeded my expectations.
We then meandered to the bar for some good cheap budlights, and it was a fun young crowd... i loved the atmosphere, the vibes, and the food!Really hoping I don't get their bartender in trouble, but when you order a beer here (their selection is small but covers all tastes and is high quality!) you will get a BEER...as in, your glass will be filled to the brim! My new Sunday routine has become to come here for a burger in the afternoon. Their burgers are cooked just the way YOU ask, and you can custom order. I'm happy that I found this place in my neighborhood!!Great local bar with most of the sports games on tons of TV's, great food and well priced drinks. The wings are great, as are the loaded tots!Impromptu Sunday dinner on the way home from the shore. My boyfriend and I sat out front on one of the lopsided tables placed on slanted sidewalk so I kind of felt like I was about to go down a slide the whole dinner. A bird also took aim on us, but thank goodness it was before the food came out. Service was decent, food was decent, but nothing special. The pulled pork was better than the chicken sandwich, but I wouldn't recommend the tots. Not a lot of flavor. I would return to try more and update my review. I would say more of a 3.5 out of 5, than 3, but I couldn't round up to 4. Jacks a block away looks a little more inviting and will probably be my next stop. I have been to Urban on a weekend night for drinks and I do love the inside atmosphere. There are also tvs for games, and we saw a sign for brunch that says 11-4!what doesn't belong here? me. walked in on a wednesday nite and immediately fought the urge to flee. the place is super spacious. it is in a good area and the sound system is great. but, good stereo sound and big space  does not a good bar make. 
the crowd here scares me. i actually saw 2 girls take a cab here. why?! the crowd of baseball caps (if you are playing baseball, then yes wear it, but, dudes, you are at a bar) bad first dates, and popped collars and flip flops does not depict a crowd i am used to. sort of the preps gone bad type crowd. the bartenders were nice, but a bit slow to check up on us. they made my drink according to my request and the edamame and the "urban fries" were just eh. we got about 5 drinks and the food and the bill was under 40 bucks.  the place has potential, let's hope it can live up to its hype.
nothing in this bar struck me as urban or as saloon-esque. yes, they have nice flat screens. no, there were no cowboys in chaps or gunslingers or bull riding.
btw, i think wednesday they have bands perform. if you like cover bands doing daughtry and maroon 5 covers, then jump to it. as for me, i think i will stay home and watch deadwood and do my own shots of whiskey sans the prep crowd.Came here to watch the Phils game on Sunday. Aside from people sitting at the bar, it was pretty empty. We went with the wing sampler and beer flight. With the wing sampler, you get 4 each of the buffalo, sesame teriyaki, maple chipotle, and honey garlic wings. The wings are on the smaller side but are a pretty good deal for the price. My favorite was the maple chipotle. With the beer flight, you get to pick 4 beers from the draft list. A good way to try different beers without having to commit to an entire glass.Good bar food . Bartenders are nice and very attentive . Great for sports with their big tvs . Wish they had a bourbon and whiskey specials more often for a " saloon"The food here is pretty decent. 
Wings are sort of tiny, but they have four different flavors, so that's fun.
Veggie burger isn't as bland and mushy as others I've had! Definitely holds its own again the big bad beef burgers (also tasty). 
Stuffed pepper is just okay. Too much rice.
Wait staff usually seems to be zipping around but don't seem to be flustered when at tables.
My only HUGE gripe is the blond bartender, Melanie. I don't know if she hates girls or what, but she totally ignored me for 5 minutes while I was waiting to be served... as in, looked me in the eye and then skipped over me. Won't be going to the bar when she's working.
Overall, good for a quick, cheap bite to eat!Just swung into Urban Saloon for brunch and decided four stars wasn't enough fro this place... if for no other reason than that they may have the best Bloody Mary in the city.  
I had the egg quesadilla with a side of hashbrowns - delish.  "T" had the egg white omelet with brie and asparagus - also very good.  The hashbrown portion is a little on the small side for a potato-lovin Irishman like myself - so if you're the same order two.  Oh - good coffee, too.
Wait staff - like last time was terrific... and the outdoor seating was cozy with solid tables that didn't wobble, shades over the tables and great people watching with all the tourists headed to Eastern State Penn.
If you havn't gone, go!I find it ironic that this bar is called "Urban Saloon" because it so belongs in the suburbs.
It definitely has some sort of identity crisis going on. I guess it is a... sports bar? Or a douchey college kid bar? But like... for yuppies? Whaaaaat?
The space is poorly laid out. It is pretty sparse. It looks like they just gave up trying to create any sort of atmosphere. And what kind of sports bar doesn't have a pool table or darts?
The food is so boring. Also, who puts plain white rice in a burrito?
The beer selection is just normal, average, nothing I haven't seen at bars all over Philly.I am giving Urban Saloon a five-star review because it was a tasty, reasonable, welcoming experience after experiencing total disgust with the dweebs at The Belgian Cafe (see: my review of The Belgian Cafe). I think we should boost the rating for this place.
We showed up at early dinner time, so the dining room was empty when we first arrived. So I can't say what this place is like late on a Friday or Saturday night, but as a place to eat dinner, it was fine.
The fried mac & cheese was a DELICIOUS appetizer and my boyfriend enjoyed his burger and I enjoyed my vegetarian sandwich very much. It wasn't mind-blowing or unlike anything I have ever eaten before, but it was tasty and I have no complaints. And he was allowed to order a beer like an adult (whereas Belgian Cafe wouldn't let us even eat because I did not have my ID on me) and we were treated like paying customers.
We were allowed to choose our own seats since it was so early. Our server was cute and friendly and the service was fast but not rushed. All good things.
I don't know, maybe it only deserves 4 stars, but I'm giving it 5 for the Jackelope head mounted on the wall behind the bar.We stopped in after a great experience at Eastern state penitentiary.   We only had wine, but the food looked and smelled very good.  Service was a bit slow, but friendly.  The atmosphere is warm and welcoming.  Wish we had a place like this in our neighborhood.Made it to Urban for their Halloween lupus fundraiser.  Got there around 9:30 and it wasn't too crowded.  We didn't have to wait very long for a drink.  I liked the open space and exposed brick.  It started to fill up, but I never felt like it got too crowded.  The snow might have scared some people away.  I never made it to the back room.  The line for the women's bathroom gets crazy.  For such a large space, I think it should be bigger.  It was pretty clean though which was surprising.  I didn't pay too much attention to the draft list because I had been drinking before I got here, but this seems like a chill spot and I would go back to watch a game.I did Sunday brunch here, and I was NOT disappointed.
We had a large group, with a kid, and they seated us right away.  They were out of high chairs because another even larger group had come in with a whole mess of kids.  It was the morning of the March of Dimes' March for Babies, so it stands to reason.  
They had pretty good mimosas, and according to my dining buddies, amazing Bloody Marys.  The menu was so full of amazing-ness that we had trouble deciding.  I had the crab and mac, which was just wonderful.  My husband had eggs benedict, and he also enjoyed his meal.  
Service was good and the atmosphere was nice too.  A lot of natural light.  I'd go back, but I'm not sure I'd do a bar night there.I've eaten at urban saloon and always had a pretty nice night out.. food is good not great, service is the same. I don't ever write reviews but after a horrifying experience, here I am. My sister in law was 40 weeks pregnant, literally on her due date when we came to dinner here. We ordered the special for dessert- an apple crisp. After about 5 bites we noticed that the crisp had almonds in the crust, despite the description.... she has a severe nut allergy. When we asked the waitress if there were nuts, she was unsure and did not seem to be in any rush to find out. She confirmed there were nuts in the crust but then disappeared... she had absolutely no urgency in getting us the check and we had to hunt her down for it. Considering nut allergies are well known to be serious, I could not BELIEVE how much she didn't seem to care. The cherry on top, they didn't even take the crisp off the bill. We obviously just paid and rushed out but later we're just in shock in how little this establishment cared. Will definitely be thinking twice before I come here again!I found this place after visiting the Museum of Art. The neighborhood had lots of neat looking restaurants, but their menu looked inviting and most of the food was no-frills. The interior is cozy, with brick walls and an obvious division of the room between the bar and dining area. I liked how we were given a large mason jar of water and two smaller mason jars for cups. Unique! The grilled cheese and tomato soup combo stuck out to me (as i was suffering from a cold) and I was not disappointed. The sandwich was made with thick peasant bread and the soup was unlike any tomato soup I've had. Homey and comforting. My mother got a salad with apple, pecans, and a light vinaigrette that was great. Not too crowded at all, and some of the other patrons were enjoying the brunch menu which seemed just as appetizing.Went for taco night and quizzo all in one week... the tacos were dry and the flavor wasn't that great.  Overpriced for a weekly special.   The quizzo the following wed. was really bad... the dude reading the questions was boring and the questions were basically at a 3rd grade level.  Oh yea, and even though the place wasn't busy, the service was bad.  Sat with an empty beer for at least 15 minutes... that's probably the worst of it all!Nice spot to grab dinner and drinks. I've been here on two different occasions and both experiences were great. The food was awesome (I got the grilled cheese with the tomato soup and my friend and I shared the tots), our server was also very friendly, and the location is great to walk around in.Went here for a work happy hour and mostly enjoyed it.  I loved that it was large and not crowded, but for some reason they put the only two large groups of people literally back to back, to the point that it was hard to even squeeze into the seats despite the entire rest of the restaurant having open space.  The drinks were over-priced but a good selection.  I liked that they have a happy hour but it wasn't too deep of a discount.  I got a burger and it was really good.  The appetizers I tried were also quite tasty.
My biggest gripe is that they refused to take our tax exempt form (which we use as a non-profit.)  They claimed that you had to call in advance to use that.  You can't even call to make reservations so why would you call about a tax exempt form?  Dumb policy by lazy business owner.I'm kinda surprised Urban Saloon only has 3 stars! Not sure I'd come here for a bar-only outing, but dinner here was A-OK in my book.
A group of 6 of us had been wandering around the city all day, boozing and debating on a dinner locale. Urban Saloon was close enough to our end destination for the night, so we popped in to continue boozing and grab a bite before the grand finale. One of the first things that jumped out at me was the $5 beef stew- what a deal! Didn't try it that night but one day...one day. 
Anywhere that offers tots in place of fries has a special place in my heart. I tried bites of:
-Cesaer salad: above average, solid portion.
-Meatloaf sandwich: this must have been a special because I don't see it on the menu anymore. This was really good and really satisfying (obviously opted for tots instead of fries)
Tablemates had the chili and wings, and said both were really tasty. The beer selection didn't leave me yearning for anything more, and our server was nice and just attentive enough. I also liked the open-air feel of the place.
All in all, I'll come back for sure if I find myself exploring Fairmount & hungry again.Halloween here was awful. I've been here so many times because I lived close by. They "mellowed" the music and it was so boring. The person playing music told me that his boss said not to play anything too "crazy".It's a reach to give this place three stars, but it's in the neighborhood and I mooch off of their ESPN from time to time, so it's important to me that they stay in business.  
This review is based on my personal experiences, so please treat it like Jermaine Jackson's 1989 hit (don't take it personal).  I've eaten there at all times of day on the weekend.  The food is good enough, but the server's are quite inattentive.  It takes forever to get any sort of response and at times requests have just been ignored.
Sitting at the bar is the way to go.  The really cute  blonde is especially good, but the guys at the bar are great too.  It is a completely different experience.
Go to the urban saloon cuz there's not too many places in our little neighborhood, but sit at the bar and get out before 11 p.m. when it turns into Manayunk East.My experience here was weird. There was a decent amount of people at the bar, yet none of the bartenders were busy in any way. They didn't let something as silly as a customer waiting interrupt them from texting and talking amongst themselves. Not only did my waitress hit on my date, she only took our orders and neglected to wait on the rest of our table for at least 20 minutes so none of us were able to eat together. After our meal she ran my dates card multiple times, claimed it was declined and then asked him to come try it again alone with her. The next day there were multiple charges on his card. The food is good thoughLove Love Love the beer selection on tap and bottles!
My favorite part was the beer sampler!   (check out my tip)
Also enjoyed the hummus and edamame app's 
Will likely be frequenting this place   :)The food is pretty good and reasonably priced. The service was a little slow, but overall a good bar option on Fairmount Ave.Looking for a something different I stumbled upon "Buy Buy Liver" performance happening in Philly in the Urban Saloon. It was an interactive comedy sketch and so fun! Very glad we trekked down to Philly for the weekend for this. Tickets were only $15 and to support theatre whilst drinking? Yes I'm down for the cause! It def has the saloon feel with a super large bar/dining area divided right in the middle. Drinks were strong and well-priced and bartenders attentive. We made our way to the back room for the show and it was fantastic. It was funny, the performers were phenomenal, the material was great, and the host/performer was super witty. Im surprised it wasn't a packed house cuz it def should have been. Although my one qualm was the waitresses werent more attentive w/ drink orders and we had to step out twice mid show for drinks. Not the theatre groups fault though. I wish I could find a show like that in the city. Im not certain what other events they host in the urban saloon but its def a bar I'd consider returning to. Being directly across the Penitentiary is also convenient to stop in after a tour. 3 stars as an average bar but had to bump up to 4 stars cuz Buy Buy Liver was awesome sauce!during an adventure with a couple girlfriends, we somehow ended up out of my ritt square comfort zone and up at urban in search of a long-lost cousin who was apparently supposed to be working at a bar somewhere in philly. vague? yup. 
anyway, this was the last stop of the evening, even though we got there around 830pm. (yeah. we start early. what of it?) the place was nice and spacious and nicely lit so as to hide any dark circles starting to form under my eyes. as the place got a little more crowded, the noise level rose since there are concrete floors and high ceilings. ambiance blah blah blah. 
we got mac-n-cheese, loaded tots, and edamame. i didn't try the tots but they looked pretty standard, covered with cheese, bacon, chives, and jalapenos. meh. the mac and cheese was great. i double-ordered it, not expecting a large portion, and of course couldn't finish my FIRST helping, so i ended up taking about 2 pounds of the stuff home with me. not complaining. it was really tasty. (but skip that weird tomato puree they serve on the side.)Not sure why this place is rated what it is. My friend and I stopped here while waiting to attend Terror Behind The Walls at Eastern State Penitentiary. We sat at the bar and the bartender was super friendly and attentive. We had a couple drinks and ordered their appetizer baked Mac & cheese with bacon and it was delicious. We had a couple more drinks and ordered a breakfast burger, which was topped with a sunny side up egg, bacon and American cheese. I got it with a side of fries and spicy aioli but there were other side options too. Overall, no complaints. Everything was delicious and service was great. What more can you ask for?Went for their Halloween party.  Nice place - however, the bartenders were EXTREMELY rude.  They would not wait on me nor my husband.  We would stand at the bar and wait - and wait - and wait - yet they kept skipping over us.  We were not obnoxious or rude.  We were polite and patient.  One girl next to me actually said to the bartender after she skipped me to go to her, "no, you have to wait on them first - they were here before me".  I will never set foot into this place again.Meh, I can take or leave this place. I like coming here when I visit Eastern State Penitentiary, because it's directly across the street. 
The time before last time I went, we met up with a whole bunch of our friends and family after visiting ESP. It was crowded, of course, being a Friday night. At first we attempted to just stand around a table talking to some of the people in our group that were there. Quickly, we were told that that was not allowed and we'd have to wait for a table ourselves if we wanted one. Great. I totally get it, it's busy, servers need to move around, fine. But this hostess was frazzled and not kind. So we continued to stand at the table and talk to our group UNTIL a table was read. The hostess came over again and super rudely and half-shouty told us to stand by the door until the table was ready. 
The food is just okay. Their tots are overly salty.
The last time I went was again after ESP, but in the early afternoon. I was with my wife and our two friends and we had brunch. It was fine, nothing spectacular. There was a table behind next to us that was super obnoxious--super loud and wayyyyyy drunk. Straight up laughing hysterically and hitting the table. Would have appreciated someone telling them to turn it down a bit. Our server was nice enough, but brought me a beer when I didn't ask for one (and didn't want to pay for one), but I didn't want to say anything so I took it as if I had ordered it. 
Okay place if you're just looking for a quick bite or drink. OR if you're coming from ESP across the street. :)LAME. If I could give zero stars I would. We came to Urban Saloon for a fund raiser and were told the regular menu was available. After waiting over an hour for anyone to come to our table for food/drink orders (with everyone around us being served, mind you), we sought a server to place our simple order. Instead of getting any service we were told "actually we are not taking food orders since the kitchen is backed up." Unbelievable! They are supposed to be a restaurant but were utterly unprepared to serve food. So we wound up watching everyone eat for the rest of the event while going hungry. We managed to self serve ourselves ice water. What a major disappointment. We won't be back. Booooooooo.Save your time (and money). Horrible service from the waitress with the long blonde hair - I paid for my drink, and I had to remind her 15 minutes later that she never made it, after which I got a nice eye-roll. Food was mediocre. It was about 100 degrees out, yet they would not turn on the fans, even after we asked, twice. It was completely empty too - not much happening. I was there for happy hour, yet my drink was not part of the happy hour menu, which I was told after I got it. Won't be coming back.Great burgers. Great tots/fries. Great wings. (Apparently) great grilled cheese.
Came here late yesterday after a long run with my sister and a friend. I got a custom burger w/cheddar, pickles, and caramelized onions (and fries), my sister got a burger w/tots, and our friend got a grilled cheese w/soup and a side caesar salad. Maybe it was the exercise induced hunger or having to wait forty minutes for food, but that was one of the best burgers I've ever had in my life; they're cooked well and decently priced (mine was $9.50 and my sister's was $9) AND they come with fries, tots, or a salad. 
It's a bar and definitely has that vibe (really loud music so you sort of have to yell to talk, groups of people standing around the bar chatting, sports games on the many mounted TVs) but if you don't mind that (or want that) I'd definitely recommend coming.the idea of this place is what draws me here but i think is as far as i can go with it.
they have brunch which usually is pretty good. i have been there 3 times for brunch, while the food has always been tasty the service has been slow and dull. the servers don't even feel like they want to be there...
This place is much bigger than it should be. walking around here you notice more space than a mattress warehouse. i just don't understand why the bar/restaurant is so large... sometimes for the night scene they don't move the tables out of the so it instead cramps everyone at the bar.
it would make it much easier to move around if they took the table out after 10pm.
they have 3 or 4 large(52") TVs but in this day any sports bar should have at least 6 or 7
the nighttime scene revolves around locals who probably want to get smashed but don't have to drive anywhere. the proximity to the prison and jacks firehouse are what i believe keeps this place afloat.Highly recommend the wings, buffalo cauliflower bites, and the burger.  Great beer selection.  Bartenders are very friendly!I have only had snacks and drinks here. The space is large with lots of tables. They have a decent draft list and the bar is nice. The calamari is decent as are the tots. Not sure I will be rushing back anytime soon but might do in a pinch.Big portions, low prices, good drinks and fun big place to mingle.  Can be loud, but I like it.  I cant think of another place in Philly that is like it.The ambience is really cool - large and open, high ceilings, and skylights.
But the food was lacking.  I was there on a Saturday evening for dinner.  On a whim, my friend and I decided to get the nachos and picked the buffalo chicken kind.  The plate comes out and it is like a small bag of tortilla chips is on the bottom with a pile of buffalo chicken on top.  There was so much chicken on it, it was to the point of being disgusting.  At first we thought "well, at least they give you your money's worth", but when we got the check later, we found out that our not-so-nice whim purchase cost $12, quite possibly the most expensive nachos I've ever had.  Unless they reduce the size of the order and the price, do not order.  Do not.
Another bad point, our main dishes were brought out about five minutes after our nachos.  This was not good timing, especially since we had ordered those well after we put in our nacho order.  My crab cake sliders were alright, but they definitely were not the best I've ever had or even close.  However, at about $8 the price is right.Staff was super friendly and helpful.  Food and drinks were good.  Bathroom was nice and clean.  Decor was modern and urban... like the name. ;-)I WISH I COULD GIVE IT NO STARS AT ALL.
by far one of the most awful restaurants i have ever been to in my ENTIRE LIFE.  DO NOT GO THERE.  this is in my neighborhood and every time i pass by, i wish i could attach a big "do not enter" sign to this place.
i gave this place THREE chances. THREE... first one, was for a drink and a light dinner.  the soda was FLAT. (all three times)  and i had the lasagna which tasted like something was regurgitated (no exaggeration). i could have saved so much time and money just by buying a stouffer's, at least theirs taste good.  and bad service throughout the meal.
second time, just for a drink.  like other people have said, bad crowd.  like you're in some suburban college. ugh. yuck. FLAT SODA AGAIN.  had the shumai at the bar... MADE ME SICK later that night. 
third and last time, took some friends.. service was so awful, this place makes me want to go crazy on someone. this place should be shut down, the service is SO BAD.  we were waiting for 45 MINUTES FOR OUR FOOD.... AND PEOPLE WHO WERE SEATED AFTER US GOT THEIR FOOD BEFORE US.   i cannot believe this place is still standing. 
oh and the french fries? fried in oil that was older than the jail. yea. that bad.
do yourself a favour and stay FAR away from this dreadful place. makes me cringe with anger on all the money i spent in this place trying to give it a  chance.  urban saloon, stop ruining fairmount.This place was not exactly what I had hoped it would be.  It's pretty loud (the drinkers at the bar),   The sandwiches use big pieces of Texas Toast, which I LOVE, but there is way too much butter on them.  Otherwise, a great place.  It's just way too buttery and greasy.  Great for watching games, etc.I attended the urban saloon's nye party and it was really great....
I always have such expectations for nye and i almost always end up disappointed but this was not the case this year. Not only was it fun it was cheap..only $70 for food & 5 hr top shelf open bar. I went here with a group of about 15 and we arrived shortly after 9pm. The place wasn't overly crowded...just crowded enough. Rarely had to wait for drinks, music was good and I actually got a glass of champagne at midnight which seems to always be advertised for NYE and then you never see it. My friends and I had a blast and definitely will consider this again for next year!I've walked by this place so many times without actually going in, seems like I missed out. I love the contrast of the exposed brick walls, textured curtains, and icicle lights with the high tech-ness of the flat screens. I had the blue burger, which wasn't too bad. 
PROS: the food is pretty good, there are huge flat screens everywhere, the servers are nice, not the quickest I've experienced, but very nice.
CONS: eh, it's a bar, nothing majorly special outside of what I've already said.
TIPS: we sent here on a Sunday early evening. It's quieter and there is more of a relaxed crowd as opposed to a typical "bar" crowd. Afternoons and weekdays seem the ideal time to come if you want a quieter ambiance or if you want to eat with your family. However if you like the bar party scene, then the Friday night Saturday night is the time for you to go.i went to the prison thing across the street and snuck out of line for a quick drink and to use the bathroom. good luck. one bar and many many people. i tried but didn't want to be rude so i went outside and asked a server who was taking drink orders i said i'm in a hurry and here is  20 bucks for a double rum and coke and keep the change . 5 or 6 mins still waiting so i left. yes the 20 $ is gone. i had to go. too busy and not enough bars within the place.  everything converges upon one bar. smh there should be at least 2 or 3. close the others on less busy nights. i do not know about the food. my review is based on a quickie. though the food photos look good from fellow yelp reviewers . mine is based upon a trying to get a quick drink with a great tip.Great brunch! Good service, yummy drink and food specials, would definitely come back. I had the Belgian waffle with chocolate chips, others at our table had the breakfast sandwich, burgers, and the monte cristo sandwich. No complaints!This was the last stop on our bar crawl...well, at least my last stop cuz I was fizzucked up.  word life, son.
This spot was huge.  A large bar area and a larger dining area.  It does get packed later on in the eve but it doesn't get uncomfortable.
I had the buffalo wings, calamari and tatertots with cheese and scallions (holy shit, that was redic).
I don't really chill in this area so it was fortuitous to finally find a good spot over here.
BTW, F the Phillies, Flyers, Sixers and Eagles.I went to this bar/restaurant on a Saturday evening with my husband and a friend, hoping to continue our college football watching.  We live in Center City and had wanted to check this place out for a while.  Upon arrival, very weird vibe and very quiet. The music was super low and coming out of only two speakers near the bar.  It seemed like the dining area was very quiet with uninviting ambiance.  I initially attempted to make cheerful small talk with the bartender, Dana, concerning our games that day.  The bartender was borderline rude, very impersonal, and did not even inquire as to which games we were interested in so that a TV could be changed (there were only two other people at the bar and they were not watching the televisions).  
We each ordered drinks. Oddly, the bartender asked if we wanted to start a tab and needed to take a card.  The place was not busy at all and it was early in the evening.  Okaaaaay.  As we were finishing our drinks, the bartender never asked us if we wanted to order another - even though she removed my friend's empty beer glass - and never offered menus - even though we likely would have ordered something to snack on.  After finishing our drinks, we had to sit and stare at our bartender from down the bar, who appeared to be ignoring us and speaking with co-workers. Several other bartenders or servers were walking behind the bar and would not look in our direction either.  We would have just thrown some cash on the bar and left, but they had my friend's card.  It's unfortunate because this establishment could have made much more money off of us that evening. And, further, I am usually a generous over-tipper, but my gratuity is always based on service - which was obviously lacking here.  
Just a weird experience all around.   How perfect that this establishment is across the street from an old prison because we definitely felt imprisoned.  We moved over to a bar on Callowhill where we spent a lot of money on drinks, participated in welcomed and lively conversation with our bartender, and received a television change for our football game. 
Granted, we didn't get to try the food, but we do not recommend Urban Saloon for any reason and we will not be back.Great bar type atmosphere for lunch. Tons of TVs everywhere, although today was void of any good sports action. Grilled cheese and tomato soup are a perfect pair, got mine with onion and bacon. Friendly service3.5 stars is probably more accurate. Went here to watch football on Sunday's as I often do, and was disappointed to learn they no longer offer the 20 piece wing sampler :( Apparently they just got a new chef and he removed it from the menu. The wings are still sizeable, cooked well, juicy on the inside and crispy on the outside. It was the variety I loved though. Without the sampler other sport's bars like Cavanaugh's are now just as good of an option.Went here for a intimate stand up comedy act which i must say was pretty darn hilarious!  I laughed so much that i feel like i could possibly have the strongest abs ever.
As for food, I haven't eaten much here at urban saloon but i like their tater tots and that is good enough for me!The new chef will still make the wing sampler if you request it do updating my review from 3 stars to 4. My favorite wing spot again and a fantastic place to catch the eagles game. Get there early for a prime seat.The food is exactly tasteless. Ordered the mushroom meatballs and the Cajun shrimp. Both were meh. There was about 0 resemblance to anything Cajun in the shrimp. The beers on tap were incredibly simple. This is a bar that used to carry Dogfish Head 90 min, now is into things like goose island. Staff is great. Atmosphere is fun. If you're looking for good food or beer keep going.THIS REVIEW IS FOR FAIRMOUNT FOOD CRAWL ONLY
SPOT 14 - THE FINALE
Food - hot sausage sandwich / pulled pork (slider?) / Beverage - Tito cocktail/punch
The final stop of our excursion and it was definitely a good one.  Being close to 5pm already, the bar was packed, but with it still being light outside and lots of windows in the ceiling, the room was bathed in natural light that made the whole place look and feel energetic.
Having eaten here in the past, we've had a good experience with the food.  Unfortunately, we were quite full and decided to skip the food and obtain our complimentary beverage.  The drink, for me, tasted like a Malibu Bay Breeze with titos instead of rum.
Conclusion: Despite the large crowd, the best spot to go is always the bar.  Get the drink and you can usually get the food.  Here's hoping next year's participants put a bit more thought into their offerings and work on developing their systems at crowd control.  Some were much better than others.. and those others should pass next year.The tator tots are pretty.. pretty.. pretty good.  
Great for groups, kids and everyone that got turned down by the pretentious snobs at Fare down the street.We stopped in for drinks, the server was very nice and just the right amount of attentive. The atmosphere was nice (we were there about 8:30 on a Saturday night). They have beer flights for only one dollar more than the average draft price.
I would have given Urban 4 stars but........
The hostess was completely rude. There were no seats at the bar, and upon seeing many open tables we asked if we could have a table for drinks. She said she didn't know because "there might be a party coming in". I suggested she seat the people behind us and ask the manager if it was ok to seat us. she responded with "how long are you staying/" 
I thought about bringing it up to the server or manager, and ultimately figured whatever, i'll just yelp about it.The only thing that saves this place from a one-star rating is the tater tots. That, and a $4.50 bloody mary on Sat. afternoon. 
I went in with the bf at about 3PM and it was mostly dead except for a few Auburn grads gathering for a football game. I hate watching sports on tv, though I can understand how those that like it would come here, as there are huge tvs, lots of them, and ample floor space. It feels hugely empty, though, when there isn't a big crowd gathered for the game. 
The music sucked. We waited FOREVER for our food (especially ridiculous considering there was no one in the place) and my meal sucked. I ordered the veggie burger, but they were "out" (a big no-no to use frozen patties - make your own!) so I had to order the hummos sandwich. I got it on bread which, though it looked toasted, just tasted old and stale and cardboard-y. The hummus was dry and there was only about a Tbs. on the whole sandwhich, and the entire thing lacked flavor. 
 The bf and I were trying to be good, so we ordered greens with our sandwiches, but we also asked to split a side of tots (who can resist tots?) They came on a HUGE plate, and a good 20 minutes before our food, so we were starving and ate almost all of them. They were tasty, but who can ruin tots? They are frozen, and then deep fat fried. 
I can't imagine how terrible this place must be on the weekends. The crowd sound Blech.Nice big open space, with what seems like not enough tables.  I guess it fills up on the weekends at night.  We came to this place for brunch after a late night of drinking.  I ordered the Ham and Cheese and the Chicken Noodle Soup.  The soup was great for my hangover, although the pieces of chicken was a little dry and the spiral pasta didn't really match up too well.
The ham and cheese was a little to hard around the crust.  For a guy who got braces not only a week ago, it was very hard to eat.  The cheese would melt and scold my mouth and I couldn't bite down on the ham that well.  It was a big mess at the end.
The tater tots were delicious and crispy.  And the bloody mary was one of the best bloody mary's I've had in a while.I've been to Urban Saloon on a number of occasions, and every time the service is terrible and the food is mediocre. They do have a good draft beer list, but after my last experience here when I intended to meet up with friends for a quick meal and it took 3 hours due to poor service, I don't plan on coming back.I've dined here roughly a dozen times and have yet to be disappointed. The service has always been second to none and the food has been nothing short of delicious. You won't find fine dining here but you will find great burgers, sandwiches, and salads. It is also VERY spacious inside which allows for a more intimate experience within your dining party.does anyone else think that if there is ever a shootout in this restaurant the headlines will be amazing??
(i've never been there, nothing about it looks even remotely appealing)super loud bar area, not conducive to hearing anyone, and definitely steer clear if you've got a headache.
on the handful of times i have dined here, i've had some menu items executed well, and others not so much. burnt tater tots? ugh. overcooked steak on an already overpriced dish? double ugh. bangin mac n cheese w tomato soup? ok i can forgive you.Urban Saloon wouldn't continue to exist if it wasn't where it is. The food is sub par, the atmosphere is uninspired. The place survives because of its functionality, the place is large, and has cheap drinks.I think I just found my newest neighborhood favorite. Yay for Urban Saloon!
Last night hubby and I decided to check out another neighborhood restaurant and we were pleasantly surprised. It was a nice spacious atmosphere with a moderate noise volume. We ordered the mac and cheese w| tomato soup and nachos to start. Wow! The nachos were enough for two people so perhaps I shouldn't have ordered an appetizer for myself (though tasty). We enjoyed both apps. Despite my satiated appetite, I also enjoyed my Sloppy Joe and tater tots. Usually I don't care how good something is, I won't over stuff myself. THIS was worth the uncomfortable feeling afterward. I didn't think a Sloppy Joe could taste so good! Urban Saloon proved otherwise. I also thoroughly enjoyed the tater tots.
Even more surprising was the cost. We expected to pay much more for our food. Personally, I think the food is worth more (went to another restaurant in the neighborhood that proved to be overpriced) but if it's on the cheaper side, I don't mind supporting them again in the future.
My only gripe is the service, which could be way worse but it isn't great either. The serves are often inattentive and disappear from long periods of time. Usually pretty friendly but they don't seem like they can handle the crowd.This is one of the nicer bars in the Fairmount area, despite it's name. It is usually pretty bump'n on a Friday and Saturday night, which always makes for a good time, the beer selection is ok.  They do a really nice job in their though with the lighting and the atmosphere...pretty cool.Urban Saloon is that dressed up bar/restaurant that each neighborhood has. The space is pretty neat, formal dining to the right and a more laid back bar to the left. I found the prices to be average (considering the neighborhood) and enjoyed some amazing nachos at the bar on my last visit. I'll have to stop back for dinner soon!Last Sunday evening, the weather was perfect in Philly so my bf and I decided to try out Urban Saloon. It was a cute place, a little dark inside for me but cute. We opted to sit outside to enjoy the weather and the people. 
We ordered calamari as a starter which we thought was great. That quickly disappeared from the plate. For the entree I got the crab cake with a cucumber salad, which was delicious and my bf got a burger which was ok. I tried a bite, and I have to say I have had better but it was still OK. 
The service was good, the only thing was that it took a while for the waiter to pick up the bill but he eventually got there. Definitely a cute place to sit outside, enjoy the weather and the neighbor.Not the best beer selection but the food was pretty good for bar fare. We shared the buttermilk chicken tenders with tots. The tenders were perfectly crispy and juicy and came with both bbq sauce and honey mustard for dipping. The tots were very good as well. I then ordered the black & blue burger, which was a little overcooked and dry.  Overall, I think their appetizer offerings are much better than anything else on the menu and would suggest sharing a few items.Fair beer selection, tho they do often have Dale's Pale Ale in the can available (the best beer in a can ever IMHO).
Same "fair" rating re the food menu, but with one cool plus:  one can get tater tots (and lots of em) as a side with most sandwiches.
Attracts a bit of a frat boy crowd, unfortunately.Cute warm decor inside.
 Went here right before we went over to the Terror Behind the WallsJust not my kind of scene. At all.  I feel like this place is another outpost of Public House (you can read my review of this place too)  Big, generic and with a bar name that sounds like, omg! oh-so-cool.  Same mediocre food with very similar menu selections.  Beer selections are a little more varied and interesting though they could stand to update their lists more frequently.  Good place for big groups.  Solid happy hour specials if you're in the 'hood during that time.  
The staff here is much more tolerable than Public House, a lot more action and a lot less attitude.  Though that might change depending what night you're in here.  The weekend crowd tends to skew towards a younger and more rowdier demographic - often very frat-like.  If that's your bag, go on weekends and get your drink on.  If not, stick to weeknights or go somewhere more authentic in the area: think Rembrandt's, the Bishop's collar or even London Grill.Oh blah. 
The place's decoration makes you expect so much more. The food is average at best. The wait staff were gossiping about non-sense the whole time my beer was empty right in front of me. Extremely corporate. 
I was also missing one of my wings from my appetizer.  
Not sure how it is at night but if the bartender pays twice as much attention than he does during the day to the bar you will be disappointed.Pretty big and spacious and clean environment. Great service. Wide selection of beer options at a decent price.Usually love the place. Just stopped by at 4:00 on a Saturday afternoon. It was not too busy, about 5-6 tables were sat. The bar was full, but there were two waitresses working the floor. Neither paid any attention to us whatsoever and after about 10 minutes we just left. While we were sat they walked by us a few times, bussed a high top next to us, but no one seemed to notice we were there. There was not a hostess to ask about service so we just left. I've noticed the service going down hill over my last few visits. The atmosphere, food and beer list is good enough that I hope they resolve their poor service issues shortly because I enjoy Urban Saloon very much.Came here with friends for a quick bite and some beers. Good beer selection. French Fries with spicy aoli and spicy tuna nachos are very good. Though the nachos should have been half the price for the amount you get.Sirloin steak sandwich was the bomb and the tots were extra crispy. Decent beer list not a whole lot of options but I found a beer to suit my needs. Lots of big TV's great for a football night and they play good music. Upscale bar for upscale people.- TIP:  Very solid quizzo on Wednesday nights if you can stay up late.
- CON:  Almost all of the food.
- BOTTOM LINE:  Large space is good for a big group before/after one of your neighborhood league games, or to catch a game on TV to hang out and grab some drinks.  But I'd never go solely for the food, even though I do really like the owners there.The food is decent, and the price is good-but they rip you off wherever they can.  I came with two other people and we ordered the tater tots to start, and asked for one side of barbecue and one of honey mustard-no biggie, right?? WRONG-unlike every other restaurant I can remember, they actually charge you for it.  Fifty cents for each isn't that much, but it's more the principle of it-it's ridiculous!  I mean really-you can buy a vat of barbecue sauce for like $2.
The guys I was with liked the beer selection, and the prices were reasonable, but the cocktails and wine by the glass are much more expensive.  I ordered the cosmo, and it was really watered down and tiny.  
The service wasn't great, but wasn't horrible.What is going on with this place?  Every time I've come here in the past several months it has taken AT LEAST an hour to get my food.  It wasn't even that busy, not counting that Sunday I went during a football game.  Although, a complaint during that Sunday was warranted since it took closer to 2 hours to get food... to which our waitress actually responded "well you shouldn't come during a game".  I can't believe she actually said that. Is this really how you want to run your business?  The quality of the food has even gone down quite a bit.  This is definitely not worth my original rating - they apparently have some issues to work out.Let's make a pro/con list:
Pro: Cool location. The penitentiary looks awesome lit up at night across the street.
Con: $10 cover for the improv show we saw (a friend was performing). This isn't Second City. 
Pro: $2 Brooklyn Pumpkin Lager (I think lager?)
Con: The waitress told us it was so cheap because they're trying to get rid of it.
Pro: Macaroni and Cheese! With tomato soup?
Con: Macaroni and bland with tomato sauce
Pro: Solid bloody mary.
Con: The bartender would rather text and eat than serve patrons to earn tips.This is a review for drinks only. 
The place was pretty dark and really big. The bartenders were incredibly friendly. I love the way their beer list is set up. I never know what kind of beer I'd like to try based on the name alone. The bartender explained which ones I might like based on the ones I'd already ordered. When we were there they closed the kitchen at 8. I thought that was pretty odd and early. Hopefully we can have dinner next time.Hmm...pretty good beer list!     A lot of stuff I've never even heard of before, and it changes pretty often.   Weekend crowds will transform this place, but for an after-work happy hour it's pretty good.After our horrible food at Jack's next to the penitentiary in Philadelphia,  I was starving after the tour of the prison. Night and day at the urban saloon. Had some ice cold beers after roasting on the prison tour. Prices are "normal" and the menu was great. Had a grilled cheese with fresh tomato soup.Brunch was solid. We got bottomless mimosas but the wait staff didn't come around all that frequently so it felt like two very expensive mimosas.Urban Saloon is never my go-to bar in the Fairmount area. I've been there on several occasions for drinks with large groups of people due to the size of the bar space and convenient location factor. 
The drink prices are reasonable, the variety of beer is okay and there's a ton of space compared to other bars in the neighborhood. Did I mention that already? 
Unless you are still in college or want to relive your college years, I'd avoid it for events like the Bunny Hop and Reindeer Romp. It gets overcrowded and the crowd is super young. It's great for happy hour or when you are with your own large group. 
It's been years since I eaten there, but the menu is pretty much bar food. 
There's nothing bad about Urban, just nothing great. Well other than the larger than average bar area for this neighborhood.What I can remember through a haze of debauchery is that this place was decent. A big open space, good loaded tater tots and edamame. Service was very good. Looks like its a young twenties kind of hangout a little bit to much of a meat market for me but all in all an OK experience.Great selection of beers, ciders and cocktails to drink. Our bartender was funny and attentive. I'd have to say that the food was average.
I got the brunch egg cheesesteak and the meat was cooked kind of dry and didn't have much taste to it. 
I also got the loaded tator tots which were delicious. The cheese sauce was creamy and warm and the bacon and scallions topped it. They were crispy and not too greasy. My meal came with tator tots as well so I wish that was advertised a little better.
I'll be back to day drink.Tasty comfort food (tater tots!) and a solid bar with reasonable prices. 
When it's crowded (Friday and Saturday night), the place gets packed with the popped-collar and spray tan brigade. 
Plan your visit accordingly, it can be pleasant "off-peak."3 stars just for having High Life Light and tater tots.
Pretty decent place, but the DJs suck.
The service has been pretty good the times I've been.Great little bar! They have good food, good drinks and TOTS, yes TOTS!! (they deserve CAPS) Any place that serves them are an A+ in my book. Check it out, I think you would like it. Did I mention they have TOTS!?!it's decent; gets the job done if you're looking for a loud and dark place to go with a large group of friends on a friday or saturday [late] night. they serve bottom shelf well drinks and some run-of-the-mill beers. might come here more often if it weren't so far north of center city proper; but like i said, this venue gets the job done.I cannot say enough about how poor this service was. We came from out of town to see the show Bye Bye Liver and enjoy the city for my birthday. Our waitress ignored us for over 30 minutes then made excuses for failing to bring our drinks after another 10 minutes. I finally had to go to the bar and obtain beverages for the table in order to actively participate in the show. The grilled cheese and tomato soup platter was less than appetizing, unless you find charcoal briquettes in your diet. Seeing that mine was the only burnt one out of three, I am quite convinced this was on purpose. Her demeanor for the remainder of our time was highly unacceptable. I do not recommend this to anyone if you are looking for a place to enjoy a night out.Ok, so the few times I've been here, the food has been OK. It's the service that is terrible. 
I go in on Sunday a few weeks back, and I'm told there's no brunch that day, just lunch/dinner. I go in this past Saturday for brunch, and I'm told that it's only on Sunday. There's no one in the place, save the wait staff. Seriously, how hard is it to cook some eggs? 
At any rate, I occasionally like to order out and eat at home. The three times I have ordered food from Urban Saloon, I have been told 20 minutes. Two of those times, my food wasn't even being cooked when I showed up. The servers could have cared less. 
I guess what I'm trying to say is that this place doesn't offer anything other places in Fairmount don't offer. I see no reason to keep going back here for spotty service. The beer menu can be found at any other place. Honestly, I prefer the food and service at Bridgid's.This place is bigger in space then the bishops collar. It has way more room to breathe! However, it is quieter than the other bar and more of an older crowd. I only came here for the fireball shots which were pretty strong!Cool spot, great wings and beer! A lot of college folks, a young and hit place to visit with good food.great atmosphere, fabulous food, friendly staff! oh, and definitely get the fries!The food was terrible and the service was slow.   It's typical frozen/pre-cooked chain restaurant food.  We went in for lunch on a Sunday there were very few people there, the Eagles weren't playing.  I took over an hour for our food to come, one dish was cold from sitting out so long.  We were there for over 2 hours.Been here several times before but wanted wait for a more recent visit to review.
We went Sunday night at 6:30 pm and were seated immediately.  
Tater tots - love it because they come out hot and crispy :) last nights batch was a tad salty and i really like salt on my fried potatoes!!!
Nachos with chili - decent, nothing to talk about...
Pulled pork sliders - specifically asked waitress, "does it come smothered in BBQ sauce." she said yes and it came with just sage aioli which was good but what happened to the BBQ sauce? I asked for some on the side and was charged for it. BS. Comes off tip.
Salmon entree - fish was cooked beautifully and accompany bacon/potato hash was good BUT had nothing green on the plate!  Its an entree, c'mon.... Throw some mixed spring greens next to it or something.....
I will say that the funnel cake fries were yummy and fun to eat!
I was also annoyed and disappointed because I used to looooooove their caprese salad but it was off the menu :(A perfect bar to go to for a relaxing but fun Friday evening. The bar is a decent size, and the bartenders are extremely friendly and attentive. Great beer selections- loved the grapefruit IPA in a can. Also, the food is better than normal bar food. I really enjoyed the buffalo cauliflower with the vegan ranch (probably one of the best ranch dressings I've tasted). The Mediterranean salad was good, but not great. All in all, wonderful experience!I've been to this place about four or five times, mostly because it is super close to my old apartment (*tear* i miss living in philly). I've never eaten here, just rolled up late on a weekend night. The DJ always sucks. I mean always. I have never been there when the music is good...it's like a strange mix of Bon Jovi-esque bar songs and top 40 (from the 90s). If they could get someone in there that actually has an updated collection, I think it would be MUCH better. Otherwise though, the drinks are decent and pretty inexpensive (a $4 drink is awesome!) and the crowd is usually fun. They set up tables outside which isgreat when you need a break from the crowded bar (waitress service included). When they first opened I met the owner and he was a decent guy, very friendly and really excited about a bacon peanut butter burger. I've yet to try it but after seeing a peanut butter bacon donut on the Food Network, I'm thinking maybe there's a new, strange trend? If you try it, tell us about it! 
Although this isn't my top pick for a bar in Philly, it's convenient to my best friend's house, the drinks are cheap, and the crowd is young and has some good eye candy strolling around! lol.great place..monday at 5pm...super friendly staff...took my wife. 2.5 yo and 6 month old after pjilly zoo...sat on the coach in front of the tv had our own "livin room" space...mac and cheese was good, fries, burgers, salad wedge and the beer...great for us really kid friendly with the feel of it still being a date...anyway, i am a fan and so are my kids...They get 5 Stars for some of the area's friendliest Bartenders.
1 Star for the chicken fingers.  If you're gonna make them yourself, then make them great.  There's no excuse for their blandness or over cooking.
3 Stars for the Burgers.  Just a Marginal passing Grade
4 Stars for wings.  They are good; what can I say.We popped in here for brunch after a morning of playing tourist at Eastern State Penitentiary. Great bunch spot along Fairmount Ave right across the street.  We ordered the chicken & waffles, french toast, and bacon.  Service was pleasant, but a little slow.  The food was hot and well prepared.  We asked for some minor changes and the kitchen executed all of them (i.e. well done bacon, gravy on the side, etc.). We will definitely return to the Urban Saloon again. Cheers!I wanted to give this place roughly 3-4 stars as I walked in, probably because it's on Fairmount Avenue and when things are located on Fairmount, I set the bar high.  This place barely comes up under that bar.
First time I went here was during the Bunny Hop for drinks, so I can't say much for that since it was Blue Moon specials, but I'm sure this isn't a bad place to grab a couple brewskies with the bros.  Especially now in the warmer months since there's outdoor seating.
But dining here wasn't pleasant.  For one, the hostess and server were both apathetic and never smiled and the server just sort of gaped at us until we spoke rather than greeting us.  Maybe because it was a Sunday night and not many people go to a bar for dinner on Sundays, I don't know.
We shared the cheesesteak dip for an appetizer and while the dip was plentiful, it was far too salty and honestly tasted more like Velveeta with chunks of mystery meat.  Plus, not enough bread for dipping so we were left with 3/4 of a bowl of dip and nothing to dip in it.
Boyfriend got an open-faced roast beef sandwich and said it was actually very tasty, so that's good.  I ordered the Saloon Burger cause why not order the signature burger on Texas Toast with the restaurant partially in the name, right?  Wrong.  The burger was overcooked.  The bacon wasn't crispy.  The barbecue sauce was too sweet and was a mess.  And worst of all, that god-awful buttery Texas Toast didn't even hold up its end of the bargain so it ended up serving as a wilted, half-chewed decoration on my plate.  Not appetizing.
Tater tots are nice (And you do get a lot) but they could have honestly been the frozen kind and I wouldn't have known the difference.Service is iffy--when they're on, they are so on. And when they're not... remember, patience is a virtue.
They have one of the better Bloody Marys in town. They actually held the top spot, IMO until they were unseated by the likes of North Third and Pub + Kitchen. But they do make a mean Mary--order one as soon as you're seated and then you won't be cranky if you have to wait a while for the rest of your meal.
I usually hit this place for brunch rather than dinner. It's a good go-to spot in the Fairmount area.I came to Urban Saloon specifically for the Monday night "Laughs on Fairmount" comedy night. THAT, and the performances, was a total blast. They have a back performance area with a stage and the whole thing was fun.
That's really all I can speak to, because I did nothing in the front restaurant area but walk through it. I had one diet coke and the waiter didn't even charge me so I left a few bucks. The place is clean, I like the open warehousey layout - very Brooklyn.
That being said I have no special reason to ever come again for anything other than Laughs on Fairmount, because this place is in the middle of freakin' nowhere!this bar is definitely looking for an indentity.  decent beer prices though.Wanted to grab a drink with some girlfriends... The bartender checked all of our ids and denied my friend (who is perceivable African American). My friend was asked for a second form of id, and subsequently made to fill out an affidavit with a witness stating she was actually 23. The bartender rolled her eyes at me when I asked why my friend was triple checked and refused an explanation. This was all done with a rude tone, rather than a hospitable one. Will never return because of how awful and discriminated my friend was made to feel.Ate her after a visit to ESP. It is a nice new restaurant. The menu is simple but very well done. There are plenty of TVs in case the game is on. The beer selection is decent and the staff is very well versed on it. The hostess seemed a little bothered that we were taking her away from whatever social media app she was probably using to seat us but the rest of our interaction with staff members was great.Visited for the first time over the weekend.  It's a big place with a nice vibe.  It's dark and was a little hard to hear with our group of six, but that's probably what they are going for.  Food and tap list were very good.  I would go back.Fantastic staff-I start with this because this really sets the mood for how your evening is going to go. 
Beer- spot on. Get whatever is on special and you can't be disappointed. 
Food....I can't even describe how aMaZiNg their food is. We have been here several nights in a row (ISTE conference) and we will be back tomorrow. 
Loads of foods and beers to try, and we are not sick of any of it yet. We also came a week early just to explore Philly. So even though we don't live here, we have eaten out every meal for 2 weeks. 
The prices are some of the most affordable in the area, we came a week early as a vacation before the conference and have tried several things downtown and in this area. The meal portions and QUALITY are the best bang for the buck. The price says $$ but it is the low end of that price range for many of the items. Beers are around $5 without specials, but there is a daily special. It's hard to pay full price for beer!!! Meals/apps are from $7-$17.
EAT HERE. Drink here. Be happy here. Save money in Philly here. Buy me a drink here.Stopped in for a quick drink and a bite after touring the penetentiary.  Drinks were unique and service was really on point.  Burgers were excellent!Food is great! I ordered the grilled cheese sandwich and it was amazing. One of my favorite comfort foods. The tots were great as well. Staff was friendly and very helpful.Visited this place on a rainy Saturday afternoon for brunch. My boyfriend and I opted for the bottomless mimosas - $20 from 11am through 1pm. Our waiter was very attentive and brought us filled glasses without us having to ask for the next round which was really nice! Chicken and waffles were absolutely delicious. Very chill environment.Came here for drinks with some friends on a Thursday night, and found myself happy about the price and strength of my drinks. But not so much with the service, although, I will partially take the blame for that one.
I got there first, so I got a gin and tonic at the bar (which was $4.50 and pretty damn strong) and then met up with my friend and we sat at a table without being seated cause there was no room at the bar. The bartendress didn't come over for quite some time so I sat there chatting with my friend getting awkwardly tipsy while she was dead sober--totally fine, just kinda funny. Eventually they figured out we needed more drinks and whooo hooo!!! Gin and tonics for everyone! They all proved to be pretty strong and delicious, I'll definitely be back!I do not really like Urban Saloon but the place has a lot of potential. 
My two biggest problems is the food and the music. The menu is far from interesting and the execution of the food is disgusting. The music is repetitive and bland; their DJ will play New Kids on the Block, Hanson, etc... every single weekend night he is working there.
So why do I still show up here? 
Great place for sports. If it is a big game, every tv will be set to that game including a large projector screen. During big games everyone is watching, they are all there for the same reason.
Good place for large groups. Urban is a large place and can handle large groups of people.
Awesome place for quizzo on Wednesday nights. Every quizzo question is displayed on one of Urban's large screen tvs. The quiz questions are fun, a lot of questions involve looking a picture or listening to a sound clip. The questions also have a nice range, no specific age group has an advantage.Food and beverages are excellent, plenty of TVs and seating. 
Place is under new ownership and you can tell the difference. We came in for dinner, fish tacos and burgers were awesome, beer selection was great & our service was excellent as well. 
I highly recommend this place for dinner or just a night out drinking with friends.Ascetically, this spot is a great addition to Fairmount Ave; its large, beautiful, and has great TV setup (big, flat screen TVs). And they love them some Hoegaarden at this spot (as do I ... yummmm, Belgium White). 
Which means, for a group or a good amount of breathing space most nights, I'm happy to have the Urban Saloon here.
But the food is just not good. And that's really a shame, because I want this place to be good. Its bland, and seemed reheated. The service is so slow, that the food would have to be very much delicious to compensate.  O well. I'll go there for my drinks and leave the food for somewhere else.I don't hate this place but I also don't love it. It's a fun place to watch a game because they have a ton of TVs and a decent beer/drink list. Their tater tots are actually really good, but the rest of the food is just okay and I have had unfriendly and unreliable servers every time I've been there. Definitely would suggest going there with a group of friends. I would much rather go to jacks firehouse or the bishops collar if I'm going to venture into fairmount.About 14 of us had a great time there last night. We pretty much had the bar to ourselves. Maybe people walked out when they saw 14 women in their 40's+ at the bar. We're a good crowd. Not too rowdy - everyone ordered food and drinks. Nice beer selection. Some of the food looked great and seemed to be enjoyed. My roast beef sandwich was disappointing. Maybe I'm used to quality of Nick's Roast Beef.  Meat didn't seem good quality at all, and it was on some sort of a roll that tasted sweet. Au jus was a bit like bouillion. Fries were pretty good. No one liked the young girl bartender. Some found her nasty - I just found her, um, uninterested. I guess she wasn't happy with the old folks. But she took our orders in a timely fashion to her credit. She just had no personality - until young guys came up to the bar - then she was all happy holly.  It's a great place for a crowd. Spacious. No one bothers you. Happy hour beers were just 3.50 til 7:30 - then $5 which is good. Glasses of wine were pitiful. Glad I was drinking beer. Even though the glasses she poured into were actually warm. Mixed drinks (gin and tonic) were $7.50 but good pours and good tonic so worth it. Would we go back? Hmmm. I don't know. I would because I did like the place overall. But I'm not sure some of my friends would.Everything was awesome. Location, food, drinks. Menu had so many intriguing items we had trouble choosing our meals because everything sounded fantastic! The bartender Eric definitely added to the great experience as well. We'll be back!This bar is a good place to grab a drink before or after visiting the Eastern State Penitentiary across the street. As soon as your walk in the environment feels warm and spacious with the string lights over the bar. It felt very relaxed and the atmosphere was good. They are a little bit pricey, their Watermelon Mint Sangria was a must. Had to try!Went back after loving it the first time and was so sadly disappointed!  I had boasted about their awesome food and service to my friends and was so unhappy when the Urban Saloon made me eat my words...
This time around, the food was ok...my sandwich was burned...how do you justify burned crab cakes...they are the very definition of golden brown cooked.  
I would have said something, but the fact of the matter is, the food took so long and our waitress even longer to come to our table, it just wasn't worth it.  I wanted to eat and leave, but we ate and waited (and waited and waited).  I would have understood had there been many tables in the place, but no...not really.  I am taking away two stars...1 for the burned food (even my roll was burned) and 1 for the slow service....
I am not saying never again, but going back may be hard for me....Awesome food, but even better service! Upon entry we were pleasantly greeted and led to our table. The server was helpful with her food suggestions. In regards to the taste of the food, everything was seasoned and well flavored. The selection of beers on tap was the absolute BEST!! There was Left Hand Nitro, Dogfish Head Punkin, pretty much all the favorites. 
Quite honestly no matter how great the food experience, the service was extraordinary. The waitress constantly checked on our table, made sure our drinks were full, made sure our meals were up to our standards, she was the absolute best. I can't think of a time in my resent restaurant outings where a waitress has been so attentive.A great place to catch the game and enjoy a delicious burger. They have every sports package and tons of TVs. We were able to easily get a table on an NFL Sunday because the place is huge, and it was a really enjoyable time. The service was attentive, and the food was way beyond expectation for a sports bar. Get the bacon cheddar burger. Yum. Will be back!If it weren't for the excellent Quizzo on Wednesdays, I probably wouldn't want to go here. The food is overpriced for what it is, they are usually understaffed, and it just isn't really my scene. 
But the beer list is pretty fun and like I said, the Quizzo was great. A bunch of us have been going every Wednesday for months, but now that they fired the awesome old Quizzo master (does anybody know where he went?) and hired a more typical guy with typical questions and no personality, I don't think we'll be going here anymore. Bad move, guys! Way to ruin a good thing!**DRINK ONLY REVIEW**
I stopped in to kill some time before heading across the street to Terror Behind the Walls (Which was great!!). It was super busy but the bartender did a great job of keeping up. I ordered a Apple Martini that was perfectly made and she hooked us up with a drink that had Lemonade, Ice T and Vodka and boy oh boy talk about yummy and strong!! It was just what I needed to shake the nervous nelly feeling I had about being scared half to death in the jail LOL 
Definitely worth stopping here for drinks!5 stars. The bartenders are always so cheerful and beautiful! The drafts rotate and are thirst quenching. And how can you not love a place that serves tots?? Also JFTR, I've never been interrupted while taking bathroom selfiesHappened upon this place after the penitentiary and invited ourselves in during a fundraising event.  They have an excellent variety of libations and the bartenders were great.  Food was good for bar fare. Recommended.Unprofessional, someone that worked there spilled beer on me and the big party I was with and was not telling me his name. We went to the bouncer Montriel and he said the guy that spilled the drinks was the manager. How professional for the "manager" to not say his name!!! Did you guys find him on the street and hired? I do not think the manager would clean up tables, sorry. That was not the manager. 2 of your employees claimed he was. And even worse if he is your manager, did you train him or was he a bus boy somewhere?The food just wasn't good and made us all feel sick. I had the steak n' egg breakfast tacos (from the specials menu) and the quality of meat used for them was worse than you'd fine in a sloppy cheesesteak. I had to nonchalantly spit multiple unchewable chunks of steak into my napkin. Two others ordered the Cilantro Chicken Burger and thought it was pretty bad. All three of us felt sick after the meal as well. 
For such a hip place, you'd think they would have specific gluten free option or gluten free bread at least. They did not. I am giving 2 stars because the place was well lit.I tried this place one night before an event at ESP. It was alright and some people may enjoy it more than I did, but I wasn't really that impressed. Of the choices on Fairmount Ave I would prefer some of the other options.Great space with a large bar & really good food.  Wings are a fav.  Consistent for years.
Good for groups.The food is great.  I've had the short ribs, it was super tasty.  Tonight had the shrimp linguini and the portion was generous and a great plate.  The wife had the grilled cheese with tomato soup. And it's the best one I've tasted since childhood.  They have a good range of craft beers that should suite all tastes.  We're only here for a week but will be back each evening if we have anything to say about it.
Prices are also good, $15 or so dollars for a good entree.  Quite a value IMHO.Let me start by saying the servers were fantastic and were very good at coming around and making sure we had everything we needed!
The dcor is super casual and hipster with small mason jars as water glasses and rustic high tables as well as low ones. There are plenty of TVs and projector screens where this would be a great place to go watch a game.
Where they fell short was the food. I'm a vegetarian and ordered the seitan and it was not good at all. The aioli inside was heavy with garlic and the consistency of the seitan was very gummy. The fries were good but you can't really get that wrong. The prices were reasonable however.We really like this place. We have previously only been there for beers until this weekend. Overall the vibe is pretty laid back, nice atmosphere in a big open room. Lots of tvs for sporting events. The food was good, I ordered the urban beene burger - peanut butter bacon. It was delicious and cooked perfectly medium rare. Girlfriend got the breakfast burger and it was great. Fries are ok. Buffalo chicken dip is also very good. Eat it!Above average Philly bar. This will probably be the 1,000th post that says you should get tater tots. You should. They're very very good. Although, it's hard to screw up tater tots.
My big "Don't Knock It 'Til You Try It" from Urban is the Peanut Butter Burger. Maybe go by yourself one day, try it (enjoy it immensely), then bring some friends out and order it and tell them they're crazy when they say it's gross. That's what I do, at least.Five stars for the short ribs, three stars for the burgers, 1 star for the service. I always feel like the server doesn't really feel like doing his job. He has no personality, no smile, and is not very welcoming. But I do love the short ribs and I always run into co-workers or friends here. I have never been on the weekend, it seems to turn into a party scene so I stay away.Love the food, decor and great drinks. Love the burgers on Texas toast. Gets pretty busy in weekends and is quite dead during the week.Decent bar, popped in for some quick drinks before going to Eastern State for the haunted house. They played a good selection of 90's music in the background, the football game was on, our bartender was nice and attentive and make an excellent rum and coke. Though the fries were lukewarm and tasteless.DISCLAIMER: If you're headed there to kick back and drink some beers, maybe watch a game and nibble on some apps, you could probably do a lot worse (they've got some decent beers and at night the DJ is pretty good, the guy-girl ratio is another story though). If you're going to sit down and have a meal, consider yourself WARNED!
My lady friend and I ventured there for brunch on a Sunday and it wasn't particularly crowded, but for whatever reason we waited around 45 mins for our food and the waiter never once bothered to refill our drinks even though he walked by several times and saw our empty Bloody Mary glasses (the bloodys are actually good). Even a glass of water would've been ok at that point, but whatever. When the food eventually came, we ordered a 2nd round only to watch our beers sit on the end of the bar for about 15 mins (we tried to flag him several times and were ignored), so my normally-patient girlfriend just got up and grabbed them herself. 
Moving on to the food... not sure why it takes so long to make a couple sliders and a chicken sandwich, but I digress. The burgers were burnt to a black crisp and basically had no cheese or toppings or anything that warrants charging actual money for, the chicken sandwich took up only about half of the stale kaiser roll, and there was minimal whiz on the tater tots (normally an excellent combo) though he did charge us $3 extra for the 'loaded' option. Actually, we looked around and saw several annoyed faces from the clientelle (one lady was complaining how her burrito was grossly undercooked, and another couple ordered some small fruit slices for their toddler but were basically given large uncut portions of oranges and some other stuff). The main reason we went in the first place was because we were looking at their menu online and saw some enticing options, but apparently everything that piqued our interest was not on the actual menu, go figure. Oh and 3 or 4 flies were buzzing around and camping out on our food the whole time. 
Other than that it was awesome -- at $50 for a burnt burger, a chicken sandwich, and two rounds of self-serve drinks, I'd certainly dine there again, as soon as you remove the gun from my templeUrban Saloon used to be our favorite place to go- great deals, service and food. While the new management has done some great things for the place, the food has changed for the worse. Lots more entrees are on the menu and old favorites like a grilled chicken sandwich, is long gone! Apparently the new owners think it's a high-end sea food restaurant of sorts.
We go less often which is unfortunate because it is close by and a great space but none of the food excited us.I have only been here three times (literally), but each time have had the worst wine and liquor pours in the neighborhood.  They are quite stingy, well below a reasonable amount.  My one time eating there was also pretty disappointing, as my meal was quite bland and lacking any real flavor.A stop on the Legendary Haunt tour after we visited Eastern State Penn.  
Nice and warm with a very friendly vibe. The Cash Bar was utilized by many. 
The bathrooms were neat and tidy and the front room was packed by locals. We were in the back room as clips from Terror behind the Walls played in a loop on a wall.Not really worth it for the food.  I came for brunch this past weekend.  I had the breakfast burger and the spicy vegetable soup.  
The vegetable soup was not spicy, and had too much tomato for my taste.  
The burger was extremely under seasoned.   I hate when a burger just tastes like you have a mouth full of ground beef.  I was glad that the breakfast burger was served with a brioche bun rather than on the texas toast that the rest of the burgers are served on.  
 I did try the tater tots that everyone is raving about.  While I like that they serve tater tots (because the average tater tot is better than the average french fry), the tots weren't anything special.  I even tried the loaded tater tots.  There was some cheese wiz, bacon and chives on there.  Nothing special.  
They did make a pretty good bloody mary.  I would drink that again.  However, I don't really see myself seeking this place out again.If you're not interested in meeting awful, closed minded fairmount residents then I would skip this place. 
On the other hand, if you just bought a shiny button down shirt, greased your hair and enjoy making fun of things you don't understand check this place out! You and your bros can totally get wasted on two miller lites here.
The saloon atmosphere wouldn't be complete without about fifty television sets along the perimeter of the room. This allows one to not miss "the game" while attempting to dance with stuck up girls.LITERALLY the best food I've ever eaten I will chug the Mac and cheese.This was one of my worst dining experiences in Philly! The place was nearly empty, except for a few basketball fans at the bar, yet service was painfully slow. It took 20 minutes to get our drinks. There was one other table already there when we sat down--they were already finished and nearly out the door, making our table (of 2 people) the only other table in the entire restaurant. This is why I don't understand the slow service. In fact, it took over an hour before the staff cleared that table (in fact, it was still not reset by the time we left)! The food was nothing to write home about. I had read that they are known for their tater tots, but honestly, my elementary school cafeteria made them better. These were deep fried so they lacked flavor and texture. Wings were the highlight of the meal, but it was only the appetizer. I generally expect the main course to be the highlight (or at least the dessert!). At the end of our meal, we both declined water and beer refills several times, and after another 20 minutes I just said "so how long do we have to wait for our check" and wow, got the check! Be careful...sound carries well in this place ;-)I've had limited experience drinking and eating in this part of town but Urban was decent. I wouldn't cab across town to come here on a Saturday night, but if I did find myself in Fairmount, looking for somewhere to go after dark to satisfy my thirst, I'd probably choose here. It's deceivingly open inside and has this barnyard sort of thing going on with the motif. Food is okay despite the carefully arranged presentation, which makes you think, "Wow, this is going to be great bar food." Fried mac and cheese were tasteless squares of grease that had a tomato-soup like dip; the fries pillowing a so-so order of chicken fingers were so salty I wanted to choke. Like I said, I'd come here but on a drinks-only basis. For chow, I'd head to Jack's or London Grill.After taking some friends to Eastern State Pen for the day tour on a later Saturday afternoon, we were all pretty hungry and noticed Urban Saloon right across the street.
From the outside you really couldn't tell what kind of place it was - could've been just a dirty old hole in the wall bar, but upon further inspection it revealed otherwise.  We checked out the menu posted outside and it looked fairly decent with avg prices - plus the menu had tater tots and mac and cheese!
Parking was surprisingly easy for a saturday evening - earlier in the day we landed free rock star street-parking right outside ESP, then after swung around to an open spot on the other side of the street. (2 & 3-hr parking respectively).
Inside the Urban Saloon, the space was huge.  The easily could have packed in more tables, but having some open space was nice.  The bare was fairly large too.  Seems like it would be a good place to watch a game, as they also had a number of flat-screens.
Now onto the food:
The menu was simple, with some great classics and fun apps, but done very well.  Nothing of cheap quality.
I got a mac and cheese appetizer.  Some of the best mac and cheese I've had.  Very gooey and they pile it up, and include a small side of their homemade tomato soup for dipping.  For the main course, I got a bacon cheddar burger.  The burger was served on Texas Toast which was a nice touch.  The bacon was crumbled and cheese melted over top which made it "easy" to eat.  I like my burgers well done, and usually when i say well done I get something with pink inside - however Urban Saloon nailed it.  Plus for them.  And of course, I opted for the tater tots side.  Crispy and delicious.  
The 3 others in my party were also happy with their food choices - Chicken Salad pita, Grilled Cheese, and Steak and Fries.
I'm surprised to see only 2.5 stars here on Yelp.  WTF people?
Looking forward to going back - only wish it was closer to where I live in Old City!I think Urban's current three star overall rating is on point. I cannot think of anything that makes the place stand out, but I also can't think of any reasons to avoid it. This is one of those reviews that I've been sitting on for a long time despite multiple visits. I just... haven't had anything notable to say. Urban Saloon is a bar. They have seats. And a couch. It's on the darker side. Bathrooms are suitable. Ummmm.
....
Oh! Here's something!
It's pretty great to sit outside during the summer. See: Gia M's review from August. Yes, I've been sitting on this for some time. Since it's right across from Eastern State, the views can't be beat (well, unless you want to be looking at the ocean or a skyline or something), and the food is pretty good. I had pulled pork sliders back then with a Golden Monkey and enjoyed them.
I live nearby so I'll continue to visit Urban, but I'd be surprised if I one day come back here to write a raving review update.Took our kids here after our tour of Eastern State Penitentiary. The place was recommended by a tour guide at ESP. 
It was great! Decent prices and good food. The service was good and the atmosphere was good too. I honestly couldn't believe it only had 4 stars when I pulled it up here after our meal.Stopped here because it's in the neighborhood, and I was aware of their reviews here.  Still, we tried to give them a chance.....
Where to start?  First, the location and the actual physical restaurant has good potential. Very roomy with lots of TVs and what could be a good vibe.  Unfortunately, it seems like that's all they have going for them.
The food menu is bleh.  Some frozen and defrosted appetizers, salads, and sandwiches I think is the extent of their cooking skills.  
We started with drinks.. the waitress only got 1 of the 2 drinks right.
We got the tater-tot appetizer.  I asked for no bacon and what we got back was no anything, just plain tater-tots.  Then the waitress had the audacity to charge us extra for bringing 'extra' jalapenos and cheese although it wasn't extra.. it was missing from our original order!
I got the grilled cheese sandwich and tomato soup.  Nothing to special here... the soup came in like a 3oz ramekin, though.
That was annoying.
The BF ordered the crab cakes and instead got the veggie sandwich.. Now, to be fair at first I was toying with the veggie sandwich but I changed my mind for the grilled cheese.  But given our waitress's record so far, I guess she just doesn't listen well.
We won't be back and I do think this place is going to be closed soon.  There was a party with a group of about ten, but if they weren't here, we would have been the only diners there at that point.  There were maybe 4 people sitting at the bar.Great Beer selection an best nachos I ever had, and I don't like nachos.
Good people watching and a great place to watch the Eagles gamesNothing wowed me.  They had a good beer selection, but the beer list was horribly out of date so the waitress had to keep saying, "Sorry I don't think we have that one anymore."  The food was OK.  The bar is nice.  I guess I'd give it another shot.The food at Urban is awesome. As some people have already stated, the tater tots are fantastic. I recommend them with cheese and bacon ("loaded tots"). It might just change your life! The cuban is delightful and the nachos are a mountain of awesomeness. the bartenders are friendly and the bar itself is spotless (I'm a stickler for clean bathrooms and thiers are always very, very clean). 
Also, on monday nights in the back room they have a standup comedy open mic (Laughs On Fairmount) that is not only free, but packed full of really funny people! At times I have counted over 40 comics and some of them are pretty famous for this area! It's a great way to spend a night, weither it's a date or just a night out to relax. Urban and Laughs On Fairmount gang are great together.Been here a few times with the boyfriend and friends for drinks.
The way I see it, there are two different Urban Saloons, at least on a Friday night. Before 10pm, the music is fun, there's a seat at the bar, you can enjoy your beer. After 10, the music becomes stupid and the overdressed frats boys move in.
The draft menu is small but always has exactly the kind of beer I'm looking for...for $5 or less. 
Get there early and grab a seat at the bar, or the one random couch.
Good for large groups because there are lots of tables and a lot of bar room.
Food is okay, very much so bar food but done better than expected.Urban Saloon, you did a fantabulous job of smashing my hopes and wrecking my desire to come here again, even when a friend begs me to. I do suppose I had high hopes being that it is so close to home.
This place would be a straight-up-ballin apartment but the layout makes for an awkward bar/restaurant atmosphere. And if you want to play Quizzo, you better get there damn early.
I've never eaten here so I will focus on my several bar experiences. Weekends lure in a collegesque, fratty type of crowd. And what seems to be a ho train. That last part is based on my observation of females' outfits that leave absolutely nothing to the imagination. If that is your thing, you will LOVE this place. Wear your best bra and hell, don't even put a shirt over it. An open vest will do, I've seen it here.
I was here for happy hour twice. Once there was one person working, and the service was slow. Another time there were two people tending, and it was still pretty slow. The happy hour doesn't include any deals on liquor, just $5 wine and cheap domestics. Meh.
EDIT: They don't have Allagash White. And so, for the first time ever I will use this acronym: smh.Not a good place at all for brunch. Service was pushy. Food was SAD. I got the chicken and waffles which is pretty hard to mess up and it's like they didn't even try. Plus there were eggs on top which was a very strange food combo. Nightlife is fun there but won't be going back for food anytime soon. North third is better at brunch.Maybe I'm just unsophisticated, but I tend to judge place on the food and service and less the look. If it's clean it's fine by me. And Urban Spoon is clean.
I needed to burn some time on a Friday night as I was waiting and I found a seat at the bar. I ordered a burger that had buffalo sauce and blue cheese on it, on texas toast (I think). A burger is a burger is a burger, but this might have been the best one I've had since I moved to Philadelphia. And they had tater tots!
The service was fast, the food was great, and the place was clean. If I'm ever on Fairmount again and need something to eat I'll never hesitate to stop in.I have a lot of friends that live in the area and they frequent this place, be it for Quizzo or just to pop in and watch a football game. My buddies and I popped in here on a Sunday after spending the weekend in Baltimore for a bachelor party. We were all severely hungover, so we needed a little hair of the dog and some grub to help us through. We spotted up at a table and grabbed a few brews to get ourselves started. Its not bad for happy hour for sure. They have a pretty good beer list. 
I also decided to order some food for us to share because I knew the scavengers I was with would dig in once it came to the table, even though they said they didnt want anything. I am a sucker for tater tots and as luck would have it, they had them on the menu. They came topped with cheese wiz, bacon jalapenos and scallions. They were supremely crunchy, and all of the ingredients came together in a flavor bomb on top of the tots. We also ordered a special they had for the day of buffalo chicken nachos. Not a usualy topping for nachos, but tasty none the less. They were just the right amount of spicy and cheesy to go with the crispy chips. 
The food was solid, and the beer menu was as well. Its a cool spot to hang out, and I'll definitely be back to check it out again.I'm extremely sad to write this review as their food is decent and fairly priced.  Last Sunday my boyfriend and I went their for brunch.  After ordering, we sat for 30 minutes being completely neglected by the waitress and not served.  After 45 minutes she came over and asked if we had ordered food because there was no food ticket in the kitchen for us.  We RE-ordered and then 15 minutes after we were served and it was yummy.  
We tried to redeem this restaurant by going again today as we didn't want to wait for a brunch table anywhere.  From the time we ordered to the time we were served it was over an hour.  COMPLETELY ridiculous!  I wouldn't recommend this place to my worst enemy.I'm all about finding new places for quizzo, so I came here for that specific reason - for the 9pm quizzo.  I got there at like 8:58 and the hostess said all the tables were full and she suggested we might as well leave because everyone was there for quizzo.  I wasn't about to leave so I asked if it's cool if we go to the bar.  She seemed puzzled that anyone would ever want to do that, and I was puzzled that a hostess would ever suggest customers leave.  
Anyway, the bar's good, they have a lot of different beer, and when I knocked over my friend's beer (I hadn't even started drinking yet) the bartender kindly replaced his beer.  
The quizzo was really cool.  They put the questions up on the TV so if you can't hear well, or if English isn't your first language (or both), you can just read the question at your own pace.  The questions weren't impossible, so that's nice too!This place is a good spot to watch a game and grab drinks. I did not enjoy their food. The burgers was overcooked when we had them. I had chicken noodle soup and it was the worst. I think the chef meant to add salt but added too much sugar. I would only go there for drinks and that is it.This is the kind of place that has the potential to be good, and yet doesn't deliver. It's got a nice big open space, plenty of TV's and some decent beers.
However, the service is slow. I went on a Sunday afternoon after the brunch crowd, when there wasn't more than 2 other tables. I nearly had to take my water glass back to the kitchen in order to get a refill. The burger I got was ok, but it wasn't great. I"ve had better at Rembrandt's. It also took forever to get the check.
I've been here just to drink and its a nightmare, utter nightmare. Too many people, too many idiots. It took forever to get one beer at the bar, even after I practically waved a 10 spot in the air.
Also the drunks that come out from this bar are almost always obnoxious and loud which always annoyed me when I lived in the neighborhood. If this isn't your neighborhood, you should be more respectful. Then again, class will out.
 I've also had to dodge around puke spots near the Saloon. Oh yeah, and some cool guy that goes there likes to park his motorcycle on the sidewalk out front. 
Unless you want to relieve the joys of frat bars in college, avoid this place.This place is awesome.  Great staff, great food, great drinks and enough space to move as you please.  I have also been to their comedy night in the backroom-- hilarious!  Great place for a group of friends to get together!I haven't been here for food yet, but this is solely rating the bar and night life. The service was good, although the bartenders just seem miserable. It was pretty slow for a Friday night, which I expected in the summer. It was just a boring bar with a mediocre DJ. I'm not saying I won't ever go back, and I'm sure I just went on a bad night. Definitely worth a shot to check it out.Decent food. Great Old Fashion! However, they didn't cut the chicken that was suppose to be diced for our nachos and just placed a chicken breast on top. We also ordered tater tots and they came out cold. They did take them back and gave us hot ones. Thanks. Then they added 20% automatic gratuity to our bill for 2 people. Ok drinks, decent food, and good atmosphere but the service is ok at best.Stopped by for a bowl of tomato soup and a beer after walking around Eastern State Pen.  The soup was very good; if had come up piping hot I would have given them 5 stars.Before you start reacting to my 4-star rating I will say that I am only rating this place on the awesomeness of the manager/staff in accommodating me and my team after the MS Walk this year.  
Last year, most of my team headed to Urban Saloon after the walk to cool off and have some drinks and food.  Mission accomplished.  We got there shortly after they opened and had the place (mostly) to ourselves for a few hours.  Fun was had by all!
This year, we planned to do the same and the word spread quickly.  Then the wrench in the plan - the walk was an hour earlier and the bar would not be open by the time we got there.  Oh no...what's a group of thirsty walkers to do? 
Well, we called them and I cannot express to you how wonderful they were to us (they remembered us from 2010) and totally hooked us up.  They opened an hour early, set up a buffet of awesome food for a mere $10.00/person and basically let us have our run of the place.  Granted we bring a lot of people in but we also bring kids running around like mad, sweaty, smelly dudes and people wanting a bloody mary....like 5 minutes ago!  They handled it all so well and were happy to bring us whatever we needed.
Everyone in our group was pleased and repeatedly told me how great it was and how good the food was all while making plans for next year. 
I want to thank Urban Saloon for really helping us out and making our day so special.  We'll be back!Where to begin...
The atmosphere is bland.  The energy is stale.  The decor is unimaginative.  The food is subpar for being in the city.  This place can't decide if it's a frat party or a restaurant.  It can't be both, and it hasn't proven to be successful at either.I'd like to give this place 3.5 stars if I could.  I have enjoyed all of the food I've gotten here and they have a great tap list every time that I've visited.  Do yourself and get the clam chowder, it's some of the best I've ever had.  Also, get a flight of beer for $6!!! Such a deal.
The ambiance and service at this place is what makes it lose stars.  On weeknights it's pretty empty and awkward, while on weekends it gets super packed and borderline annoying. I've been here twice and both times my wait staff seemed almost annoyed that I was at their table.
While I'd like to try some other Fairmount bars, I always end up at Urban Saloon because of its central location.I gave this place two stars only because we had to wait about 20 mins for drinks and than about 35 mins or so for food. Other then that it would have been a nice place to have a reasonably priced meal with friends or your girlfriend. The servers were attentive otherwise always ready to get you a new beer or mix drink. Couldn't quite read my menu with dim candle light so I had to substitute my cell phone for a flashlight. They had quizzo on the night I went which is always fun. Along with a bunch of TV's playing the phillies game. I would defiantly go back in order to have a better experience.Right across the street from the entrance for ESP - Urban has a fairly unique menu, fair beer list and interesting atmosphere.  I consider it more restaurant than bar - although it certainly has both.  I had a bacon peanut burger - which the menu said I shouldn't knock before I tried.  Can't say I loved it - but I think if the peanut butter had been saltier it would have worked.It took over an hour to get an order of food. When the burger finally arrived it was raw,  not medium rare or even rare, just raw. Very disappointing, since the space and atmosphere are really nice.across from eastern state penitentiary, urban saloon is an open space with simple decor.  with brick walls, wood trim, and large front windows, the urban saloon makes for very easy day drinking.  easy to get lost.  mostly lower seated tables that are generously spread out over the light wooden plank floor.  lots of HDTVs and sports oriented crowd make it a great place to watch football.  very simple bar back on another brick wall includes bottles, shelves, & HDTVs.  the bar top is a black (believe) wooden surface with a rounded wood rail.  a box footrest and comfortable wooden stools again encourage multiple beers.  service is good, but the food is just average.  not bad, but nothing special.  solid place that may be three stars, but extra for having he sound on for football and free drink from the bartender.I came here for paint night on Sunday.  This is my 2nd 'event' at the Urban Saloon in that back room.  I have to say- I want to love this place... but I just can't get over the service!  There is a room full of thirsty nouveau-artistes, and the USA World cup, and you staff 2 bar tenders?  We never saw a waitress @ our paint night.  We were encouraged to order through 'our waitress', and tip 'our waitress', but we never found her.  Other tables had waitresses who introduced themselves and took care of them.  We were not at once of those tables, so we went into the bar every time, and got into the world cup mayhem.  
Paint night was a lot of fun... but the service continues to just not be positioned well to a) make money and b) keep people happy.So...I'm from Kansas...and I wanted to go home...and somehow I decided that a place called Urban Saloon would suffice as my ruby-red slipper transport back to Oz.
I was wrong...really wrong.
I mean, aside from not being full of bow-legged cowboys and there being no swinging wood door or peanuts on the floor, Urban Saloon's beer selection was mediocre at best. (I settled for a Guinness...when I was craving a Sarsaparilla.) 
Us cowgirls like some water with our beer, 'specially if we're trying to impress the handsome chap sitting across from us. That never happened - the water, not the impressing. (City boys are easy to bat your eyelashes at...).
...I mean, if you want to get drunk in Fairmount, and you want that old west experience, your best bet would be to go to the beer distributer, buy a case of Natty Ice, find a hay bale, sit on it, and drink away your sorrows while listening to Alan Jackson. 
...But if you want to get drunk in a big open room with other people and a typical beer selection, Urban Saloon is your best bet.
(I'll probably go back because Bloody Mary's at 11:00 a.m. seem like a good idea. Always.)I've been here a few time.  Every time I'm been here it has been packed.  So why the low rating?  The service.  I love the craft beer they serve here.  But on one location we were seated and after 30 minutes of being abandoned by our waitress, we left.  The last and probably final time we were here we found a table and sat down and immediately had someone come to our table to take our order.  I informed the waitress that we hadn't even looked at the menu yet and she left.  Literally 30 seconds later another waiter came to our table and told us if we weren't going to order food we needed to give up our table, because apparently the other 5 empty tables weren't able to be used.  So we left.Hey Urban Saloon, 
      Thanks for the good time last night. DJ and bartenders were top notch as always.
Thanks,
Ryan
ps - I'll be by to get my credit card laterI can't say I understand why there are such bad reviews of this place...but I also have to note that my experience was at 2 PM not 2 AM...Having spent all my pennies at the Eastern State Penitentiary Flea Market, I needed a quick bite that wasn't going to hurt my wallet...so my friend and I popped in...
Their menu is simple and classic...since it was warm outside, I opted for the salad with pecans, chicken and strawberries...my friend went for the crab cake sandwich (which would have been my choice if she hadn't gotten it)...
They serve you water in mason jars with straws...totally appropriate for the setting.....I will admit that their "Saloon-iness" is minimal, but thats ok...i don't need over the top cowboy cliches...just good food and good service...which they have in spades....
My salad was perfect...all the ingredients went well together and the dressing was light...a great salad for a warm day...
My friend's crab cake sandwich was yummy too...and she loved the cucumber salad that came with it...
Our server was super nice, funny and good with seeing to our table...
It seems like they have some decent drink specials too and some decent beer on tap...I am curious to see what the saloon is like at night, but I know now that I have a place to go for lunch...
Oh and the best part, our meal came to about $22...not bad at all...
Maybe you should saddle up too....We stopped in after the Eastern State Penitentiary tour. Jack's Firehouse would not let us sit at a table for drinks only so, we went next door to Urban Saloon. Full disclosure, we only had beverages. Our niece & nephew had cocktails (which they said were really good) and my husband and I had diet soda. The menu looked interesting. The dcor is minimalist which I liked. Service was excellent. They were totally fine with us just having drinks. Noise level was low/average. Large screen TV's with multiple sporting events, especially college football. Nice atmosphere. We'll go back again and eat when we go to Terror Behind the Walls.Good: Price, Beer and Food. I had the steak and fries dinner. Good sauce for the steak and it was cooked to the temperature requested. Service was fast and friendly. I also tried the pork sliders and tater tots
This was not my first or last visit.
Minus 1 star for: Shoestring fries with a tasty piece of meat, I could use more potato.A great everyday bar in Fairmount. Staff is friendly, beer selection is good, and almost everything on the menu is excellent.I also feel bad about dropping a two star review, mostly because the owners Chad and Kelli are super nice people but the crowd this place draws is the worst ("You see this?  This is my new haircut.")  That being said they have a decent beer selection with rotating drafts and the food is alright.  I work on Fairmount so occasionally I'll stop by on my walk to the bus stop for an after work brew but avoid this place like the plague on a weekend night.  
Oh and the bartender Miriam is super cute and has an awesome piece on her back.I go to the Urban for one reason and one reason alone.  Wednesday night QUIZZO!  I hate, and I do mean HATE Quizzo.  Except here.
The guy that does it makes it real unique with reverse sound clips and pictures and all sorts of jazz.  I'll be honest, it's tough.  And I suck and never win anything.  But it is FUN.
2 thumbs up for the cat that runs it, keep on rockin'.  I only gave 4 stars cuz I got some snacks once which were...eh.SOLID pub food, tater tots!, decent beer selection... just hold the douchbag please.  
You won't find me here on friday or saturday nights... when this place turns into a regular stop for pub-crawling bachelorette parties and plenty of meatheads/fratboys who take that Corey Hart song about sunglasses at night waaay too seriously.  I'm not kidding.  Instead, I prefer to come during the quieter wed/thursday nights... where it's still busy, but not as... douchetastic.  
The burgers here are notable... made on Texas toast, and very flavorful.  I've got a weakness for the Buffalo Blue burger.  I've had several items on their menu... never a dissapointment.  Plus... they have tater tots... can you look me in the eye and tell me that isn't awesome?
A few additional notes:  I should warn you it can get loud in the restaurant... a lot of people who frequent this place can't seem to be able to control the volume of their voice.  Also, they have multiple big screen tvs mounted on the walls, so it's not a bad place to catch a game... just get there early.  Check out the quizzo, it's hard!If I could give it a 0/5, I would.  The only thing this place has going for it is its good location.  I've been here a few times now for brunch and dinner, and the service is horrendous.  They have about 25 tables, 2 waitresses, NO hostess, and 2 random bussers who get pissed if you ask them for condiments, etc.  I don't know if the manager is cheap and trying to save money by understaffing or WHAT, but the staff is slow and spread way too thin for this restaurant.  I was there for brunch this past Sunday, and we didnt even HAVE a waiter/waitress because we basically sat ourselves, told the bus boy our order, and went to the bar for the check!Food is on point! Location is awesome! We cane out from the Terror Behind the Walls at Eastern State Penitentiary, walked across the street and BAM this gem was there!!! 
The food was delightfully fresh, drinks were great and prices were great! ,My favorite neighborhood place to watch games, grab a drink and a bite, and meet up with friends. Great selection of draft brews. Their tater tots are awesome. I absolutely love the breakfast burger (fried egg and pork roll). That and a mimosa make the perfect brunch/Sunday recovery meal. The bartenders are attentive and the service is great. Two thumbs up over here.Average sports bar with bottomless mimosa brunches for $20. Outdoor seating in summer faces the Penitentiary. Food is typical bar food.If i can rate by the day, I would rate mon-thursday nights as a 4-star and weekends as a 2-star.
Surprisingly, Urban has a nice beer selection and the large size (especially for the area) allows for large groups.  In addition, Quizzo is pretty fun here (well the one time I was there anyways) and its a pretty decent place to watch a game (many TVs and they have a large projector for local or big games).  Food is OK.  When I'm out for drinks (and not dinner) I can pretty much do with standard barfare.
On weekends this turns into the Public House.  Button downs with too many buttons unbuttoned and about a 3:1 guy/girl ratio.  The music seems to rotate between black eyed peas, katie perry and Usher, with the occasional Journey thrown in (so what if I've seen Journey in concert).  On these nights there tends to be a tightly packed horde of people about 7 deep between Me (Thinking why am I here again) and the beer (better get 2 for myself so I dont have to do this again).  These places have their uses, but I better be drunk before I go inside. 
So summary - do go on weekdays - don't go on weekends (unless your already drunk and can't afford the cab to rittenhouse or old city).I came here today with a large party. The friendly hostess made room for us immediately. The service was good. The beer offerings were craftsey-slash-hipstery, but not terrible. I'm biased though; I don't like the Williamsburg craft beer vibe at all.
The service was pretty good. The waiter was friendly and courteous. The food was pretty damned good and piping hot! I got the fries (appetizer) with the house made spicy aioli. That stuff is so good it should come with a warning. It's not super spicy, but it IS super-duper flavorful. My boyfriend got the chicken tenders, which came with house made sweet mustard. Freakin good. My brother-in-law had the loaded tater tots. They were covered in cheese whiz, which I usually hate. But those effers were ridic. My sisters got nachos, which were also great in spite of cheese sauce in lieu of melted, shredded cheese. My baby sis got the macaroni and cheese. It was simple, straightforward, and yet to so homey and delish.
Would I go back again? In a New York minute!! My only gripe is that it was drafty and chilly inside. The front door was wide open. But everything else was aces. And the draft was nothing a few beers couldn't cure anywayHorrible bartenders. Poor drinks, female bartenders have no personality. Not attentive to customers waiting for drinks.