Good for a fast, reasonable and fresh meal. Kudos to using paper only recycled materials.I ordered a 24 ounce ribeye. About half of the steak was just fat and not even worth finishing.  My wife had the dry aged Sirloin which was only slightly better. There are a lot better choices for steakhouse in the city of Philadelphia than thisVery nice and disappointing. Tried this new trendy place where a magnificent Restaraunt use to be. The decor is now for a younger more modern customer. Tasteful and sorta comfortable. Caesar salads were fresh, crisp and ok. Sides of Mac and cheese was terrific as were the Brussels sprouts. My friend told me his wild caught stripped bas was great. My experience with my main course was a disaster. The menu says "pork chop bone in". Great I love a pork chop if it's prepared the way I request it. I ask the waiter for his review of the "pork chop", he tells me it's a crowd favorite. So I order it saying that I want it cooked so that there is no pink in the meat, not well done but no pink!  It arrives and I'm disappointed before I try it. It's not a chop but pork short ribs. I have never seen pork served this way before. As I cut, the fat is overpowering the meat, the flesh is undercooked and I almost gag on this hunk of meat. I request that it be cooked more to a medium level. In ten minutes it returns and the next bite is the same as the last. I'm now nauseated and have lost my appetite. The rest of the sprouts were great. We were comped a great chocolate desert and left. I'd return if a friend wanted to go but not my first, second or even my fifth choice.Please come for brunch!! We ordered the farmers egg and the French toast... sooo good! They have a homemade English muffin and it really taste good with the jam. The muffin reminds me of the Pizza Hut dough. So good. The French toast -- very delicious and fluffy, enough to split between two people. We are definitely going to come back for brunch again! We actually came here for Valentine's Day for dinner. Amazingggg,the wagyu beef was phenomenal. Great place for date night and with kids. Very nice staff and great ambianceWas in town for business and Urban Farmer was recommended.  Not a typical red leatherette white tablecloth steakhouse, rather open modern restaurant.  Service was attentive, however the star here is the beef, particularly the dry aged steaks.  My steak was ordered medium rare and unfortunately was delivered medium to medium well.  However, due to the quality of the meat, it still delivered outstanding flavor.  To the restaurant's credit they did offer a replacement steak, but I was enjoying it as it was.  I can say that I will definitely be back on my next visit to the wonderful town of PhiladelphiaAmazing food and service. We stayed at The Logan Hotel and had breakfast at Urban Farmer since they had outdoor seating and we had our puppy with us, although they were technically not open outside they accommodated us and were extremely nice with our children and puppy. The food was beyond fresh and delicious, my daughter had waffles, and my husband and two boys had the farmer eggs everything was superb. Would definitely go there again.The food was absolutely amazing. I came for Saturday brunch, ordered the bone marrow, which is on their dinner menu, and they still let me order it. It was so delicious. The bones were full of meat and the bread was made perfect. They added a sauce to it, that made the flavor so enhanced. The fresh rosemary added a great touch. 
Next I ordered the vegetable frittata. I was absolutely blown away. The mushrooms were delightful. They were large and flavored so well. Everything about this dish was so great. The homemade English muffins were like nothing I've ever had before. 
I highly recommend this place. The staff was very attentive and made my experience here great!
Keep it up Urban Farmer!The food was good and beautifully plated. My steak was overcooked, but I didn't want to wait for a new steak. Especially since they never brought out the salad I ordered and the drinks were super slow in coming out (beer on tap). Seemed like the majority of staff had never worked at a restaurant before, much less a high end one. Don't think I'll come back again anytime soon.Amazing service and staff. We were lucky enough to get a full tour of the kitchen, which by the way is incredible. The way they kept the meat fresh was perfect. Everything is so freshly kept and it's spotless. The cocktails were great along with the cheese plate. That guy knew his stuff!
Our waitress was so sweet. Very attentive but not overbearing. I love the atmosphere. It's warm and welcoming. Plenty of different areas to sit. The long wood table in the front is my favorite! So awesome. 
I will definitely spread the word and go back!
Overall, amazing food, amazing drinks and amazing staff!Great food, service and facility.  Had gone for brunch with my husband and servings were generous and delicious. Burgers, French roasts d eggs were good.This is a review strictly for brunch because I can't find anyone who wants to accompany me there to spend upwards for $60 for a steak even for a birthday celebration. I can't blame them! The breakfast is amazing. The crab omelette and potato pancake are out of this world. Good size portions and fresh crab meat . The pancakes are also deliscous and a very healthy serving. One star off because this past visit they didn't have the Bloody Mary bar set up! C'mon guys, that's the main attraction of brunch here. Devin (male)  our waiter hooked it up with his witty sense of humor and the manager on duty sent over an abbreviated version of the Bloody Mary bar so that was a great touch. Thank you! Still, dissapointing though. Let's get the Bloody Mary bar back up and running ! We'll be back to check on it ;)3rd repeat visit and pleased every time! Brian Shana and Adam were a great team and the menu is of course amazing! Rare to find a caviar service in PhillyThis time we stayed as guests at the Logan and this place serves as their room service too.  We went for brunch and the food selections not only read delicious, they are in fact truly delicious!  Everything is just well done here.  From the service, to the atmosphere, to the food presentation/quality itself.  I would say it's kid appropriate (certainly for brunch).  So glad that this place was able to replicate the great experience we had during our first visit over a year ago.Amazing breakfast.  They did a great job putting a modern twist to a basic breakfast.  Great chicken and cherry sausage and the homemade English muffin was a good combination with my fried eggs.  Would definitely recommend.  Harry provided great service and was attentive with good follow up.Horrendous service. We have been sitting here since 6:30PM with our two young children. It took almost 20 minutes for someone to bring us a menu after they said 'be right back with the menu'. Another 20 for someone to get our order and bring one glass of water.i didn't see our waitress for almost one hour after our kids Mac and cheese was brought out. The food was mediocre and dessert was just as bad as the service.Great food, good service but pulled bait and switch on steak. One of the best steaks and mushroom sides I have had. Great lemonade. Service was spot on. However I ordered the flat iron and they brought me a NY strip. Waiter told me about 5 bites in as i was thinking the steak was to thick and tender for flat iron. Offered to comp my lemonade for mistake but no need. Brought bill and I was charged for NY strip (basically +$20). I paided bill and left a good tip as the food was good, just bothered by how their mistake was charged to me. I had the money for anything on menu, just feel I should not have had to pay for something I did not order. Did not argue though just paid and left. Will likely not go back, though good is great.I'm staying at the Logan, so I ate at this steak house. While sitting at the bar, I had to wait a long time get a second drink (on a Wednesday, not busy). I then ordered the NY steak sampler (three different cuts), medium. I got one cut medium, two rare. The "char" on the outside was burnt. So I'm tasting burnt meat with rare meat. The comment made was that it is hard to get different thickness of steaks with the same temperature. My thought is, if you can't do it, don't put it on the menu. Also, the only reason I had a napkin is because I was able to reach the small bar napkins myself. Bad service. Bad steak.This place is a pure gem! Was planning on just a simple drink, but ended up having one of the best food experiences i've had. First, the place is awesomely decorated and very cool, from the retro lighting to the large wood tables and open concept to the kitchen, it was very welcoming. The drinks were perfect, and the staff couldn't have been any friendlier. The appetizers and cheese plate were incredible, and the cheese guy was really interesting. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to try a new place in Philly. Also excited that they will have outside seating for spring drinks on the parkway!Overpriced food for crappy service. My husband, my daughter, and I had just gotten into town and were excited to begin our trip in Philadelphia. When we got there everything seemed to be very nice. I realized things were not right when we had to wait over 10 minutes to have bread served to us. Then, I ordered a steak, which was cooked to perfection, but our server did not ask if I would like any sides, so I was just handed a steak on a plate. When my steak arrived, I waited for our server to come by to ask if all was ok, but he never came by. I had to ask another girl to get our waiter so I can ask for some steak sauce. I then waited over 15 minutes for the sauce as my $46 steak got cold, and then I was given what they called their "homemade sauce," which was just A1 mixed with BBQ sauce and tasted disgusting. The manager then came by and asked if everything was ok. I let him know that the food was excellent, but the service was terrible. He said he was going to speak to our server (James) and that he would take care of it and speak to him. Our server never came by to apologize until 10 minutes later, but we clearly saw him attending his other guests very well. Then, we got our bill and realized nothing was compensated or offered to us like a free dessert or perhaps another drink. So, we paid our bill but the server still did not come by. When we got up to leave, the manager came up to us and apologized again, but I let him know that they should've comped something (at least the 2 beers we had) or offered us something, and then he said "oh ok, well, let's talk about it." After being there almost 2 hours, we were really tired of sitting and waiting so we just paid our bill and left. Never again will we go back to this place.I was really looking forward to trying this restaurant and unfortunately it wasn't anything worth being excited for. We started with the cheese and meat plate, which were delicious, but as for the cheese plate, after a wonderful presentation about each cheese, when the plate was delivered nothing was explained as to which one was which and what accompanied it. As for the steaks, for the price it should be flavorful and cooked perfectly. One of our steaks which was requested medium was so rare it was ice cold. All our steaks really wasn't seasoned or had much flavor. Our bill was $450 for four and wish we had spent the money elsewhere for something more satisfying. That being said the place was very nice to hang out for a few drinks.Drinks and food were delicious. The salmon was a tad over cooked but was still tasty. I also had the pleasure to have their breakfast. Their house made chicken sausage is to DIE FOR. The mac and cheese is crazy good too. I love the ambiance as well. The only bummer is I live in Las Vegas! Can't wait to come back.We had breakfast at this restaurant in the lobby of the Logan Hotel. Quality was good and prices were reasonable as city center hotel breakfasts go. We elected not to have dinner as the menu emphasizes steaks but likely the quality of the limited offerings is quite good and the ambiance is attractive.Sunday brunch this morning. First visit here and I will definitely be back next time I'm downtown for brunch! Great service. Very good food. We had the shrimp & grits and eggs Benedict with shaved ham. Highly recommend both dishes. The coffee was tasty and perfect for this chilly morning.Went to Urban Farmer for business lunch. Deviled egg appetizer was delicious but chicken sandwich was rubbery. I would recommend that they slice the chicken thinner. The music was so loud we couldn't carry on a conversation without shouting.A very nice change from what was. Delicious, exceptionally prepared food and service. We will make Urban a must when we visit!We walked in and immediately asked ourselves, are we in the right restaurant? The decor matched a hotel lobby combined with the kitchen of a 3 bedroom house in nowhere USA. The food honestly was outstanding, and they even had a funny guy with a cheese cart the knew his stuff. The menu was essentially the same as Ruth Chris, except everything said farm fead (not even sure what that means). Overall if you want a steak experience go to a real steakhouse while this place finishes its identity crisis.It's almost impossible to put into words the level of satisfaction I felt after dining at Urban Farmer. Out of town and in Philly for the night, my friends and I had a craving for a good steak. What we got was so far beyond good; it tops the list of best meal experiences we have ever had. 
The atmosphere, the drinks, the menu--it all exceeds everything you could ever hope for in a dining experience, with food so good it will anger you because you know at that point nothing else could ever be as good as what you just ate.
Of course, I couldn't say any of this if it wasn't for the incredible service we had. Bill is the server every other server should aspire to be. We took every recommendation he served up, and could not have been more pleased. His warm disposition and professionalism made us want to stay and chat with him all night. There's no doubt our experience would have been this incredible if we didn't have Bill. 
Bill and Urban Farmer, thank you for the euphoric meat sweats, and unforgettable experience!Wow! We came for brunch on a Sunday at noon and didn't have to wait for a table. The service was excellent, and the menu extensive. The duck hash, vegetable frittata & seasonal fruit was delicious! The pancakes were good, but very sweet. We sat at a high top next to the window & enjoyed our view of the parkway. We will definitely come back!I was so excited to try the food here but ultimately was left disappointed. The ambience was spectacular and the service was good. Unfortunately, the star of the show (steak) was not. The appetizers we had were the ceaser salad (totally bland), potato leek soup (was barely warm), and the wagyu carpaccio which was actually amazing. 
I ordered the grassfed dry aged 18oz NY Strip and what I got was a dry warm steak. I paid a lot of money and expected the best but unfortunately, I continue my quest for a good a steakhouse in Philly. Also they added bacon in my fingerling potatoes when I specifically told them to not have it in the dish. Now you might ask why didn't I ask for the steak or food to be redone? I just don't like doing that. This is my medium to vent and most likely won't come back here unless I'm not paying.
Although the sides and other parts of the meal were good but not amazing, I doubt I would come back. Mediocre at best. Go to Chima down the street.Great atmosphere, decor, and service. I ordered the beef tenderloin chili mac, but that is not an accurate description of the dish. It was basically pasta (which was perfectly cooked) with a roasted red pepper sauce and a few pieces of beef. For some reason there was also a few pieces of broccoli in it too. Nothing in it resembled chili. It was good but not that much better than something I could get at Noodles & Co for about half the cost.Food was superb!  I may never be able to enjoy a steak again because of the steak we had here! If you go, get the steak sampler, you will not regret it. I loved how everyone knew the product, and could tell you everything you ever wanted to know about it. And, don't forget dessert because it was the perfect ending to an amazing night of food, service, and atmosphere!Yesterday my childhood bestie (um, for 45 years) visited from Princeton, NJ.  Off we went to Urban Farmer for lunch.  What a great choice!  The restaurant space is fabulous, so cool and colorful.  The vibe is so modern yet appropriate enough for a business lunch, too.  So, my friend and I each had a glass of wine (the Pinot Noir was great) and we shared the beet salad.  Beautifully presented with gold beets and red beets (pinkish) actually.  It was a very hearty portion, we couldn't finish it.  We could not resist having some charcuterie!  Everything on the charcuterie board was explained to us by the senior restaurant manager.  How attentive.  And then, the burgers, yum!  Melted in my mouth and cooked perfectly medium rare.  I ate the French fries, too.  The wait staff was friendly and attentive without being intrusive.  At some point, the general manager checked on the tables.  I thought our meal was delicious and the atmosphere lively.  I will be returning soon!Urban Farmer is certainly the best in Philly! Have been there for dinner and brunch several times and loved it every single one of them! There corn bread is unbelievable, as is the Field Green Salad as a side to any of the delicious steaks.
For brunch the avocado benedict is to die for- the home made English muffins are out of this world! And if you are in the mood for drinks- the cocktails are amazing- with Farmers 4 being my favorite ever!
I'll be back....I would consider layout of this restaurant very comfortable. The floor contained large tables, large booths, small tables, small booths, couches, high tops, and a bar; the options are endless. 
Setting the pace of the meal is very important. Our waitress and her crew of (a cheese monger, more waiters, and waitresses) were AWESOME! The polite and knowledgeable staff were well trained/confident in their actions. 
   Food and drinks are so very important to life. These two simple entities can make or break a dining experience. NOT TONIGHT!! The food and drink experience was simply excellent. Sparkling or flat water. Apps? Fresh oysters and charcuterie are were my goto on top of the home made corn bread. The wine and spirit list was also kind to the palate. Steak was the choice of the evening.This was the choice due to the fact Urban Farmer has an in-house butcher. I will conclude the food section with talking a little bit about the side dishes and how delicious they were. 
Overall, visit this establishment Eat, Drink, and Be Merry!Was disappointed did not live up to the price food was not good and small portions 
Nice setting missing on most cylindersI visited on a Wednesday while on a business trip. The brioche French toast was meh. The bacon was great, as well as the coffee. The environment is pleasant and nicely decorated. The service was fine. Nothing to write home about. The hostess, though, was a bit too terse for my taste.Enjoyed great meal for dinner and breakfast over two days. Although dinner is pricey, we found food & service to be excellent!I've been to Urban Farmer twice and my only gripe is the service (hence the four out of five stars). My first visit was spent at the bar area where I waited 15 minutes to order a drink! Then another 15 minutes to get a menu. Mind you it was a Tuesday night and they were not busy at all! Maybe I should sit in the middle of the bar as opposed to the side but regardless, patrons should never have to wait that long to be served... Or acknowledged. For my second visit, I decided to take my sister and her husband to dine in. We were seated right away. Awesome. We were offered bread! Hell yes we want bread! You would think the bread would come right away but it didn't. It actually came out with our appetizers.... No big deal though. Our main courses also came shortly after. I can continue to complain about the service but it really wasn't completely terrible. 
Overall, I think the place is amazing! I am also obsessed with the interior design... I seriously could live there! 
So let's talk food. Everything I had was amazing! I ordered the duck and my sister and her hubby ordered the steak sampler to share. We also ordered brussels, mushrooms, butternut squash,  foie gras and bone marrow to share. Out of all the appetizers, I enjoyed the foie gras and marrow the most... but everything was just delicious! If you're a big meat eater, I suggest ordering the steak sampler! Worth the money! For my next visit, I'm going to go for the cheese cart and some dessert!
This is not only a great place for locals to dine, but a place tourists or guests at the Logan Hotel can appreciate. 
Can't wait to go back!Food was fine and not bad prices but the atmosphere was a bit lacking. It's in a hotel and is a huge room which lacks character. The service was knowledgeable and polite though all in all it was quite an average experience. As a visitor I wouldn't rush back as it doesn't really add anything to a trip to Philly but nonetheless the food was tasty.I was pleased with the experience at this restaurant. 
The service was good. Our party of three included a child and they handled his rowdy nature well. 
I ordered a cocktail that was simply divine, I think it was called Art of Fall. It was creamy and grape flavored. 
The food was all very well prepared. 
We started with an appetizer of Lobster which looked artful on the plate and was creative. 
I ordered the Charcuterie and was pleased with the 3 options of meat and bread that came with it. 
We then ordered steak, what else will you order. I had the steak tasting and it was fun to try the three different styles of meat. You could taste the slight differences. It was a large portion of meat. It was cooked spot on. Nothing comes with the meat, no sides or sauces. 
My wife ordered a sirloin that she thought was delicious. 
We also had a side salad that was good and huge. 
My son had the Mac and cheese, he was absolutely thrilled with it and stated it was as good as his favorite place to order it from. 
We then went to a dessert round. 
I ordered a butterscotch sundae, I was slightly disappointed. It needed more ice cream or creamy flavor to balance the portion out. 
My wife had a chocolate hazelnut dessert that was the best of all. 
My son for some reason ordered the bon bons and ended up not eating them. Because they were all dark chocolate and one lemon. 
He loved his tea that came out in a fancy system. 
I would rate the experience as above average, but the prices are very high and I would expect more from the experience with such a costly meal.Over the top deliciousness in a gorgeous sheik atmosphere with friendly waiters and superb service. Fresh ingredients, creatively paired and beautifully presented is a joy to your eyes as well as your pallet.The food, decor, and service are top notch here. The restaurant is open with high ceilings and a modern yet rustic decor. The staff was helpful in answering any questions about the extensive drink and food menu, and provided excellent recommendations. Ordered a variety of appetizers, including the seafood tower and the cheese selection. For dinner I ordered the 21 day dried 1855 beef and my boyfriend ordered the 7x Wagyu beef ribeye and both were absolutely delicious, although I think I may have enjoyed his slightly more.  For sides, we got the pot pie, the candied bacon, and the mac and cheese, all of which were also excellent and very rich. We got a butterscotch brownie for dessert (they have their own pastry chef and chocolatier) which was very sweet and rich. The only reason for the 4 stars is the price- while all of the food was excellent quality, the meat was extremely expensive. Would recommend for a nice night out.Had a 14 ounce new york steak and twiced baked potato tart.  Both food items were really delicious.  Came with wife and son.  They served my 2 yr old first with pizza and fruit, and gave us bernaise sauce with the steak.  
Cant wait to eat here again... not even for the excellent food but for the very accomodating staff.  It was so humid today and they really made us comfortable before we ate and calmed my son and us, and brought us drinks and pizza lightning fast. Check came after we declined dessert, and they give you corn seeds when you leave and my wife liked that too.  Great air conditioning!EXCELLENT Center City Bar, right across the street from the Cathedral Basicilia, great beef tartar, some of the best I have ever had.  Nice atmosphere at the main bar.  Tim, our bar keep was very attentive and very well informed on the offerings.  Mary Ann- Fun and chic atmosphere 
- You just try the bloody Mary's there and add some even more fun to them with the Bloody Mary bar 
- Friendly staff 
- The food had great flavor but my egg was slightly undercooked and I was hoping for a bigger portion of sausage gravy with my mealSO GOOD!! Ate breakfast here both days of our trip. The food was innovative, so fresh and so yummy! Those aren't Thomas' English muffins! Order the crab and mushroom omelet! It was so tasty, with the freshest mushrooms! The drinks were so good too -- one of the best Bloody Mary's I've had!A long awaited night out with friends as we happened to be in Philadelphia from out of town.  Upon arriving at Urban Farmer, you see an eclectic mix of Pennsylvania country furnishings, rustic reclaimed woods with some very high style finishes.  The mix of marble, stone, interesting industrial metal details, a brass lattice and chandeliers made with what looked to be chicken wire made for a very interesting visual backdrop for the evening.  The energetic music was at perfect volume to allow for easy conversation at the table without having to yell or strain to hear.
I understand this restaurant has only been open a short time, but we had a really terrific experience.  The server explained to us that the food is locally sourced from Pennsylvania farmers and ranchers and that everything is prepared from scratch on site.  My husband and I shared the NY Strip steak taster and it was truly delightful and cooked perfectly to temperature.  The meal started with complimentary rolls and corn bread baked in a soup can- these were stand outs.  We ordered sides for the table, a potato tart, Brussel Sprouts, duck fat fries and creamed spinach.  The potato tart is out of this world, mashed potatoes in a pie shell with fingerling potatoes on top, it was my favorite.  The sprouts were roasted and were delightful as well.  I am not a cream spinach fan, but our friends seemed to enjoy it just fine.
The manager (Elon I think) helped us to pick a super good bottle of Cabernet which went so well with our dinner and really made the night.
For dessert, we got the Butterscotch Sundae built atop a blondie.  The blondie was soft and moist and had toffee ice cream and whipped cream on top.  It had such wonderful flavors all combined for a spectacular topping off of our meal.
Special shout out to our service team, Jeff and Henry, they made great recommendations when we needed them, and seemed to be there when we needed help, but didn't intrude on our evening when we didn't need help.  These gents were very friendly and truly professional.
Overall our experience was really great and it was hard to believe that this was newly opened.  The food quality was terrific and the service was timely and friendly.  I would highly recommend giving it a try.A bit pricey if you order wine (the four of us plowed through 2 bottles of prosecco) and then dessert, but the food was fantastic and the waitstaff excellent. We hung out for almost 2 hours and never felt rushed. Lovely modern ambience. Highly recommended.Meh, to start with I don't love steakhouses in general, so I may be a bit harsher due to that.  The whole idea of a big chunk of expensive meat with overpriced mostly standard sides just doesn't compete against restaurants where every dish is creative and stands on its own.
But anyways, hit or miss here at Urban Farmer.  The decor is busy, sort of a modern-country look, which really contrasts with the formality of most steak-houses.  
The cocktail list was described as "crafted," which I guess doesn't mean anything?  However the few we tried were quite good.  There's a cheese cart that is brought around and you're given descriptions of each cheese before the cheese-monger slices off big chunks and prepares your plate right in front of you, which was a nice touch.  Not a bad value either for $6 per selection.
Got the steak sampler, which is 3 six oz portions of different steaks, asked for medium rare but two of them came out medium, the dry-aged was by far the best.  I don't have fine palette for steaks but the other two were similar (grain finished vs corn finished).    
Service was decent overall but somewhat inefficient and confused.  There were a ton of staff walking around who were very attentive and friendly but the operation wasn't as smooth as similar high-end restaurants.
Overall it's a more casual / funky alternative to the many steakhouses near Rittenhouse square, probably not in the very top tier, but fine.  For me though it's tough for Urban Farmer to compete with the many reasonably priced, unique concept restaurants that litter Philadelphia, so maybe it's the steakhouse concept that needs to change.Came for brunch on Sunday and sat outside.
(This review is for the Brunch at UF Philadelphia.)
Avocado Benedict:
The avocado was over ripe and slightly brown. The egg was literally hard boiled on top of the English muffin. It also came with no accompaniments other than a tomato or pepper  paste of some sort. The eggs were entirely unacceptable.
Steak and Eggs:
Mediocre at very best.
Got pieces of sausage on the plate by accident, most likely from another meal.
I ordered ice coffee with almond milk, but the milk I suppose was not shaken and curdled. I asked for another.
Server must've known I was not happy because he never asked how everything was.
Also, had no salt and pepper.
Would definitely not return for brunch.Was hoping for breakfast, but got brunch (breakfast stops at 11). Nonetheless, the shrimp and grits was awesome, and the coffee was fresh. My wife had the farmhouse burger which was tasty, but the bun could've been better toasted; fell apart after a few bites. The service was prompt and friendly. The setting is urban/country chic. The prices were very reasonable.Have been here twice in the last 90 days. Both experiences well exceeded my expectations! Shrimp cocktail and beef carpaccio are incredible starters. 24oz ribeye is to die for- best in the city. I love the vibe here- non pretentious and comfortable yet upscale environment. James was our server both times and he is a very knowledgeable and friendly guy. It helps when the service knows and takes pride in the restaurant! We'll be back again and again.Terrific lunch outing at Urban Farmer Philadelphia! Overall, love the décor*--reminds one of a Jojo Gaines-styled house--especially the thick-cut (butcher-block?) tables. The service was great: friendly and attentive, promptly refilling water (still or sparkling) and seeking out answers to food preparation queries.
The food was quite tasty: a cut above standard bar fare; I'd liken it most to Starr's Dandelion with innovative preparation and pairings. The two standouts of the lunch were (a) the macaroni and cheese, which we ordered on a whim and was spot on: cheesy, but somehow not overly cheesy--light, perhaps also due to the super-crispy bread crumbs; and (b) the butterscotch sundae over a blondie brownie, which tasted lightly of butterscotch, but more of a pleasing caramel, and the blondie brownie was well-baked, not too dense. Other highlights: (i) the burger on homemade English muffin was cooked to order and plenty juicy (definitely messy to consume!); (ii) the French fries were well-seasoned (medium-cut) and had a nice texture (not overly fried); (iii) the salads were all beautifully prepared with attention to dressing and presentation; and (iv) the chocolate peanut butter torte, served with coffee ice cream, was plenty decadent for the chocolate, peanut butter lovers!
Will definitely return!
*One negative note in the décor was the red, neon sign for "Fresh Meat," which if it was a white light or thicker/funkier lettering would look more in tune with the rest of the room, but is otherwise slightly jarring and, while great that they've got a butcher on staff, makes you think of a slaughterhouse, which is less appetizing.I had much higher expectations about this restaurant. The decor and environment were perfect, a new spin on rustic. I loved it. The service was not good at all, everyone was friendly but the drinks came out SO slowly and my table constantly had to ask for their next drink. I asked for stuffed olives and was told the bar ran out and there would be no more for the night. If I'm paying $15 for a martini, I don't expect to hear a lousy excuse. The restaurant has cheese from local farms, they could have made more stuffed olives. I got to try the pork tenderloin, scallops, filet and brussels sprouts...all of it was just okay. The stand out part of the meal was the complementary dinner rolls, corn bread and cheese. I know that this is a new opening but if they want to compete with other high end steak houses in the city, they need huge adjustments.What a wonderful menu. Comfort food but also most delicious salad.  Watched the bartender make fabulous exciting cocktails. After work or other group get together especially good.This is worth giving up your 500 HH points to experience. Just remember to bring cash to cover anything above your voucher. 
We had the duck hash and french toast. Both were exceptional, and I've had tons of french toast. The decor was also pretty.Lovely breakfast at this new spot. The homemade English muffin is the shining star, but the hash brown is also amazing. Veggie frittata has so many different fresh vegetables, it is nice to see more than just spinach and mushrooms like a traditional frittata. Great decor, visually appealing. My one critique is that a drink should be included in the kids meal. We did feel nickel and dimed on a child's milk in addition to his $8 pancake.Stopped by Urban Farmer before checking out at The Logan and had the best brunch ever! I ordered the shaved ham Benedict and my boyfriend ordered the turkey panini with a side of bacon. The eggs on my Benedict were perfectly poached, and the hollandaise was decadent. The ham was tender and flavorful, and the house-made English muffin was to die for. Not only was the food phenomenal, but so was the service! Our server, Harry, even brought my boyfriend an extra side of bacon after seeing the first plate they brought out to him was on the skimpy side. Fresh, quality food, great atmosphere, and A+ service; I wish I could give Urban Farmer 10 stars!Happy hour is usually good but most recently something was off. The Oysters were tasteless, the deviled eggs were bland and the bacon on top of the eggs was cold. Gross. The only thing that was good was the sparkling wine.In freaking credible.  Also extremely costly.  Every single thing I ate here was better then the last.  I went with my roommate and his dad and all of us had the 21 dry aged steak.  We were going to get the 42 but they had been open for only 3 days and had not had any sitting for that long yet.  We also had the double baked potato andthe mac and cheese for sides.  I can say from the second I tasted the food till the second I was done I was in absolute heaven.  The bill for 3 of us was approx $300 with drinks the cheese cart and the the appetizer all incredible good.  What was best yet was that we were given a tour of the kitchen the butchers section and everything they had prepared even the damn meat locker.  It was just  did I mention even better that you were never wanting for a drink of water as literally every other person comes by to fill your water.  Not in an annoying way but in a perfect way.  I can't wait to come back herre again when I get a few dollars in my pocket haha.  Come check it out though I can guarantee it will be an experienced you won't soon forget or want to forget.  Before I forget this place is not super fancy either you don't have to wear a suit in tie or a dress to come in.What an amazing bunch of flavors.  We had coffee and a couple of apps. Deviled eggs and the shrimp were both amazing. A must haveThe Yelp reviews had us at 'Bloody Mary Bar' and homemade English Muffins.  And the experience we had certainly lived up to our expectations.
Friendly, attentive service.
Delish food. HUGE portions. 
Setting - airy and spacious. Felt a little like eating in a furniture store - in a good way.My wife and I tried this place for brunch while visiting Philly.  It was my turn to pick out restaurants for the trip and I stumbled upon Urban Farmer.  I booked a reservation through Open Table (get those points) and had no problems.  
Upon arrival we were greeted but some very friendly staff and only had to wait a few minutes for our table.  Once seated we had to look around for the few minutes cause the place is large and open with very cool decor.  I knew my wife would like it just for r decor and I was right.  Seating is spread out in different ways.  Tables, booths, couches, etc.  The kitchen is large and open as well and adds to the overall size of the restaurant.  
Next was ordering, and there was plenty to choose from.  My wife had a Bloody Mary and I had an OJ.  As for food we couldn't make up our minds but settled on the Short Rib Hash which was insane and my wife had the Steak and Eggs.  They also have these English Muffins made there that will blow your tiny ones from the store out of the water (check pics attached to my review).  
The food was delicious and stood up to the hype of the place.  We obviously finished it all and was very content. It was the perfect brunch.  
As for prices it wasn't anything to crazy but more then your everyday breakfast location.  Average cost was $15-$22 per meal.  
I highly recommend Urban Farmer if you live in Philly or visiting.  You will NOT go wrong.  Let me know what you thought of it and enjoy.Really enjoyed this place! The mac & cheese, cornbread and Scallops were perfect! The service was amazing & everyone helped each other, even the manager. Nothing worse than witnessing the boss be a jerk to the staff! I've seen it happen too many times & I never return to those places! It's pretty pricey & slower pace but it's worth it!Hands down one of my favorite steakhouses in the city. We went for our 7 year wedding anniversary which they asked ahead of time when making the reservation. When we arrived we were seated and handed an anniversary card and complimentary glasses of champagne. Just the thoughtfulness right there means a lot. For starters we got this delicious homemade butter, cornbread and rolls.  Then as an appetizer we got 3 cheeses and 3 charcuterie it was ok. Then the main course was our steak... melt in your mouth , flavorful 8oz Joyce Farms, North Carolina, grass fed tenderloin.  I have never tasted a better steak and we have eaten at ever steak house in the city from Barclay prime to del friscos and everything in between this steak was the BEST. For side we got the asparagus and Mac and cheese which were also very delicious.  We were so stuffed we did not get dessert, but I would highly recommend this place and am looking forward to our next visit!Incredible and delectable.  This did not disappoint.  Finally a steakhouse with a totally new approach.  Beautiful and new use of the old former Four Seasons space.  Bravo.To begin it is important that you know this review is primarily related to incredibly poor service (rather than the food itself). My aunt and I came here for lunch last week. We are people who eat "high end" meals out on a regular basis and came prepared and willing to spend on a great meal. However, that was not the case. We ordered two soups, Mac and cheese, a chicken sandwich with a side salad and a burger with a side salad . One would think this is an easy order. It is important to note that we both added avocado to our sandwiches.  The entire wait staff is sub par for high end dining facility and is primarily made up of "hipsters" who could care less. I , myself, am a 23 year old law student. While ordered our waiter did not understand anything we ordered and tried to argue we could not have salads as our sides when the menu explicitly stated it was an option. Besides a clearly confused face our waiter made no attempt to clarify our order which resulted in him staring at me while I repeated it four times hoping for a response. We sat with empty water glasses despite asking for water and ordering drinks. We were seated near the computers where 4 other waiters were congregated , all of which I gestured at 5-7 times. None of them offered to assist or find our waiter and instead avoided eye contact. Once our waiter finally returned we asked for bread with our soup , to which he replied it was unhealthy to have bread with sandwiches. It was completely disrespectful and after a lengthy argument with my aunt he agreed to bring bread. 25 minutes later our food arrives with the without salad sides , no avocado, and still no bread . When we point out our waiter's error he ignores us and walks away. We sit for 10 minutes with no return and spot the female manager (we think) , we inform her and she doesn't apologize but says okay. We wait an additional ten minutes and are finally brought bread and one slice of avocado . We then wait again for salad , one of which never came. Neither our waiter  or the manager apologized in any capacity. For a lunch costing nearly $100 before tip, the food was mediocre and the staff atrocious . There are many other fine dining lunch places in the city that won't judge your eating habits and will treat you much better. Skip it , trust me.Had the great 21 day aged 18oz ny strip.  Perfect crust on the steak which goes perfect with the moist red meat inside, and it was properly and rested before serving. Also worth noting that it was a good clean cut. Beef is pricey but they delivered on quality. Good variety of ages and feeds for each cut.
Staff was knowledgeable and were polite/professional.
Overall I like what they've done with the renovation/space.  The patio area is great for the parkway and all of the spaces are very open and comfortable.  
I've eaten here twice for lunch as well, really good beef tartare and popcorn grits with shrimp and pulled pork.Colleen and Tim are amazing behind the bar (dream team!), and Ehmo (sp.? "Ehh-mo", not Eeeemo) is a worthy helping hand... though he is advancing fast. I stay at the Logan every couple of months working long hours, so I don't have much of an option to wander elsewhere for food or drinks. The team, as well as the food, at Urban Farmer provide wonderful relief from a long, demanding day. I also have yet to order a dish that I was not pleasantly surprised and satisfied with. 
Some honorable mentions (mainly based on staffing/ timing/ stations) are Isaac, Grant, Aaron, and Chef Seth. Though... I have a horrible memory and am probably forgetting a few others. Thank y'all for your excellent service and for providing some balance to the long work weekends. :)
Will be back soon.Wow! Loved the yogurt parfait as well as the burger. Server was extremely friendly. Atmosphere was open and fresh.Was in Philly for a business conference and wanted to take a prospect to dinner.  Stumbled upon Urban Farmer, a short walk from our hotel.  Let me tell you that this restaurant should be the baseline for Dallas or Chicago. Who would ever think you would find a 5 star culinary farm to market eating establishment in downtown Philly.  Do not miss eating here while visiting Philly.  It's worth every penny.  Unbelievable drinks, wine list, seafood and steaks!  5 stars in my book.  Great job Urban Farmer!After deciding not to have brunch at the Reading Terminal, we walked the streets of Philadelphia until we came upon the Urban Farmer and boy was I glad. Ordered the white bean soup which was bursting with flavor and a triangle of grilled cheese! Next came the eggs Benedict over avocado which was delicious. (I was disappointed that they poured the hollandaise sauce over the dish despite my having asked for it on the side so I can dip but it was still a taste treat.) I also ordered the side crisp potato which is like a thick, fried potato patty. The decor is also lovely with comfortable seating and a lovely bathroom with pictures of three actors from silent films. I recognized Adolph Menjou but still trying to remember the other two.I was staying at the Logan last month while in town for the Coldplay show. I visited Urban Farmer for lunch before taking an Uber to the show. Their lunch menu was pretty simple, but everything I tasted was done so well. The BLT Chicken Sandwich with Avocado was huge and I can say I did not leave even a piece at the end. The cocktails I tried were delicious and well prepared. I have to say that I am happy I chose the dessert that I did. If I left without trying their dessert it would have been a disappointment. I had their Berry Pot Pie with Pistachio ice cream. The berry compote was warm as was the pie crust. Pistachio ice cream is my favorite and this was the good stuff! The waiter I had during lunch time was very attentive, knowledgeable, and offered great conversation while I was dining on my own here. I liked this place so much that I came the next day to have some bar bites and beer before going to the airport. Next time I am in Philly I will come back to Urban Farmer Philadelphia.Excellent, excellent, and more excellence! Thoroughly enjoyed everything we tried, all recommendations of Devin, our outstanding server who provided great conversation along with the kind of service we've come to miss. We've found our new Philly hotel based on this restaurant experience!Looking to drop at least a C-note on a mouth watering dinner? This is the place to go. No, but in all seriousness this place is expensive but earns every cent.
Let's start out with the bread and cornbread they serve you with butter and sea salt. Yes please. They bring the cornbread out in a can and squeeze it out of the can for you. They also relentlessly re-fill your water which is necessary as you lose so much liquid drooling at the smells and sights of food going by you. 
They have a nice selection of local beer on draft and some nifty cocktail selections as well. Their field greens salad is also tasty.
But - the thing you've all been waiting for, and the dish I wish I could every night for the rest of my life was the 18 oz Wagyu beef ribeye.  Holy cow. Literally holy cow. Hands down the best steak I've had in my life. Grilled to medium rare perfection with a nice crunch to the outside. Split this with a loved one and they will never leave you. It's that good. 
We also had dessert and cappuccinos.  Philadelphia cheese cake with black currant sauce and raspberry sorbet. Delicious. I opted for the chocolate hazelnut crunch. Also delicious but very rich. I would highly recommend splitting it. 
Overall, location is great, food is unbelievably Amazing, drinks were on point, and service is prompt and fantastic. It is worth taking the trip back to Philly just to eat here again.The food was delicious. The only reason I'm giving the restaurant a 2 star is because of the bad service. We were seated outside and ordered our food immediately. 30 minutes later we got our soup which was cold and I mentioned that to the waitress and she said she'll check with the chef but never got back to me. We got our salad and then the bread basket was brought out before our main dish which was weird/late. I would have liked to have some bread with my soup/salad. Our waitress was nowhere to be seen through out the meal, and I had to go inside twice to call her.Delicious breakfast this morning!  Steak done perfectly medium rare and eggs were perked up by the sausage gravy. Definitely would recommend this place.Service, starting with the hostess stand for breakfast this am was poor! Restaurant had plenty of open tables yet the phone was more important than 3 guests waiting for tables. Took me 8 min to be seated in an half empty restaurant on a slow Saturday am! After being seated, I waited for over 5 minutes for a server to show up, all the while the hostess could see my frustration, but again a phone call was more important. I finally gave up and walked away from my free hotel coupon breakfast as this is a Hilton property as well! 
In fairness, I did have 2 nice breakfasts and a lunch and for those I would give them 4.5 stars but the last morning, maybe because it was a Saturday, the service was non-existent!We had the pleasure of staying at The Logan this past weekend and eating at Urban Farmer. Our meal did not disappoint! 
Our night started with a cocktail at the bar. Happy hour drink prices and selections were top notch. Lively atmosphere with comfortable decor. 
Jeff, our server, took excellent care of us. He made fantastic suggestions including having Steve, the cheese guy stop over and introduce us to the local offerings. Steve was definitely passionate about his craft, and it showed with his approach and demonstration. 
Jeff had suggested I get the porterhouse as it was his favorite. I tend to lean towards suggestions from my server as if they were in my shoes selecting from the menu. My other half had the tenderloin who doesn't eat meat too often, and was overjoyed with the flavor and perfect temperature. We also had the Brussels sprouts and famous fingerling potato tart. Both, again, fantastic 
We had a great last meal in Philly, and look forward to returning soon.Urban Farmer is tremendous! The ambiance is beautiful and inviting. The service was spectacular. We had Jen, who was super helpful and on point the whole night. 
I took my Dad here for his birthday. The cocktails started it off right! I got their take on an old fashion, forget the name, but it was delicious. 
For Dinner my dad got the filet, and I got the 1855 ribeye. One of the best ribeye's I've ever had!! We shared two sides: whipped potatoes, and asparagus. Both were awesome. We sampled some of the cheese, which we enjoyed. After dinner we grabbed a drink on the rooftop bar. Great views of the city. The rooftop bar is different ownership, but in the same building. Made for a great night!The name is misleading, as it sounds like it is a veggie friendly locavor place, but it is a steak house, pure and simple.  That said, it is excellent.
My wife and I went for an anniversary dinner and had a wonderful evening.  First rate service was very helpful in choosing our dishes.  We are not huge eaters, so we chose to share the prime bone-in special steak, and it was excellent.  We took home enough to have breakfast together and the bone was fantastic.
We had the potato pie which was unique and quite good.  The marrow bones were my wife's favorite and she thought they were great, although I cannot eat that much concentrated fat.  The creamed spinach was not as good as it looked, and I regretted not getting the mac and cheese.
The environment is upscale-casual and a very nice and quiet place to have a special dinner (if you want meat).Excellent! Delicious! Great service and clean courteous ambiance! Definitely recommend!The food and service do not warrant a visit to this place. The food was average - at best - and the service was very poor. The server never checked on our food after it was served. Drinks were not refilled. Not many tables occupied and several servers were working - so there were no excuses for this poor level of service at a seemingly nicer establishment.This place had a lovely ambience and rustic setting. When you walk in, the ceilings are high and there's plenty of room. We got there for brunch, wound up sitting at the bar instead of waiting for a table (the wait wasn't bad, but the bar seats were immediately available). Service was great from the time we walked in until the time the hostess wished us farewell. I definitely recommend the Bellini. I didn't get to try the Bloody Mary, but I did ask the bartender which she preferred, so i went with her preference. I do love the fact that you are greeted with a water and they refill it without asking! I got the farmers eggs and it was delicious! My favorite part about the whole breakfast was the potato...it was so crispy and delicious i could probably eat 10 of them!!! It was a great decision for brunch from the service to the food and drinks. I will be back to try the brioche French toast and the Bloody Mary! Cheers! --food is a bit pricey, but you're in the city.At a conference here in Philadelphia we chose Urban Farmer based upon other Yelp ratings. The atmosphere was very friendly and relaxed with no pretentiousness at all.  We ordered the seafood sampler, which can be hit or miss at a steak house.  The seafood was absolutely fabulous with a tiered presentation.  I had to restrain myself from overeating. 
I then ordered the 1855 bone in filet with frois gras. It was possibly the best steak I have ever eaten.  So, the food was amazing, the staff attentive without being intrusive at all.  I cannot give a higher recommendation.  If you are in the city of brotherly love, make Urban Farmer your culinary destination.I didn't have the pleasure of a full meal here but while staying at the beautiful Logan I had a deliciously strong drink (a pretty little signature cocktail that sounded fantastic, and absolutely was) and half a burger - both of which were phenomenal. The price of the food and drink was a little steep but we really enjoyed them as well as the atmosphere, so we didn't mind. I returned later at night after I'd been out at the bars hoping to get some late night eats, but their kitchen closed at 12 unfortunately. I will absolutely be back, and this time, for dinner!I love love love this place! I absolutely cannot wait to go back! The atmosphere was nice. The staff were attentive and friendly. The food? The food was amazing... I had a 18oz wild bison ribeye cooked beautifully and seasoned well...I didn't have to add  anything to it... me and my wife got the potato purée and the creamed spinach. Both were absolutely delicious and complimented each other! The drinks were good and strong. It was a bit pricey but I don't mind paying for good food quality service. I'd recommend it to anyone!!!Food was average. Service was horrendous and wait staff snooty. I won't be back. Everything took forever, they were out of almost everything but water and the food came out cold. It's pretty hard to mess up breakfast but they did.This was a really nice - albeit pricey - meal. One of the better steakhouses where I've eaten. 
There's a different approach to this steakhouse - it's certainly not a classical (stuffy) steakhouse. There's more of a modern, yet rustic, vibe to the place, which may come across as a restaurant having an identity crisis from a decor standpoint, but stuff like that doesn't bother me.
The other difference on the menu is that there are multiple selections for different cuts (filet, New York, ribeye) that are listed by origin, diet (grass/corn), and age...a really interesting concept that sets this place apart from others.
Be sure to check out their daily butcher's list - I scored a tender beef belly appetizer off that menu for only $12 - well worth it!
My buddy ordered a Caesar salad and the Nebraska filet mignon, which he said was simply the best steak he's ever had.
I ordered the New York "steak flight," three 6 oz. portions of strip, one grass-fed, one corn-fed and one dry-aged. It was a unique way to enjoy the offerings. I would concede that the kitchen is assertive in salting the steaks, but that's not something that was offensive to my palate.
If you don't order the fingerling potato casserole, you're a fool.
Service was attentive, not overbearing, and very helpful in helping us make some menu decisions.
Be prepared for about $100-$120/pp, not including tip, but at the end of the day, it's a special meal kind of place, not a once a month destination.I'm new to the area, residing in Montgomery County at the moment and have recently booked reservations for the hotel and this steakhouse for my anniversary. I've spent quite a bit for gifts etc already and was wondering for a date with no drinks (wife doesn't drink) can we have a great meal for -200? 250 tops?Some of the best cornbread I've had! The staff was amazing. Very knowledgeable and attentive. The only reason I gave 4 stars and not 5 was I thought the steak prices were a bit high for the casual chic atmosphere.  
I'm looking forward to trying the breakfast. They make their sourdough in house...as well as everything else. Presentation was spot on. All in all very pleased. 
Bonus: you get a packet of seeds with your check. #interestingFresh and delicious food plus the ambiance here is gorgeous. Love all the details and different types of
tables you can sit at since it sets lots of various vibes. While there is a meat focus, there are plenty of light options if you are looking for that too. My Caesar salad with a side of salmon was perfection. Mmmm. The dressing was stellar! Really would love to come back and try more things.Amazing food, great service. Loved the atmosphere. It was a wonderful special occasion night! I want to eat this food every night.brunch was great, loved the vegetable fritataCame here for brunch. Food was excellent, especially the shaved sirloin Benedict, French toast, and veggie frittata. Great lattes and grapefruit juice too. $$$ not as bad as I thought.Honestly, I'm not sure why the 2 or 3 star reviews. I felt right at home at Urban Farmer. Our server, Anastasiya, was an absolute pleasure. The place is beautifully decorated. The energy is positive and so friendly. The moment you walk through the door, you are treated like they have known you forever. 
As for the food, I had the 8oz tenderloin and it was made to perfection. So juicy and spiced just right! The cheese plate is so yummy. They have a cheesemonger who brings an assortment of cheeses for you to choose from. They also have almost 300 wines to choose from! Who doesn't love delicious cheese and wine? 
Overall, I truly enjoyed my evening. I had great company, a great server and the staff made sure we were satisfied from beginning to end. Can't wait for my next dinner date at Urban Farmer!We probably ordered the wrong entrees, burgers for a casual meal. The food was meh, the buns more appropriate for breakfast, but to be fair nice presentation. Service was prompt and pleasant, atmosphere a faux NY steakhouse. Nevertheless I will return and order a proper steak presumably more to the restaurant's strength.Came to the restaurant for brunch on a Saturday afternoon with friends.  Although the food was good, the service was well below average.  If you are visiting from out of town, it's an average restaurant for breakfast, brunch before you leave to explore the city.   Although be sure to let them know if you have a small amount of time, they have no sense of urgency.Food was delicious. Our server was very friendly and informative. She helped us find some cool spots to check out for the rest of the week for our trip! I had the fried chicken sandwich and my wife had the salmon. Drinks were excellent as well!Went for my 29th birthday with my fiancé last week and we haven't been able to stop taking about it since. We did the cheese plate which was amazing. Really enjoyed the charm of the cheese cart. For entrees, we did the steak sampler, Mac and cheese, fries, and spinach gratin-- each and everything was amazing. Perfect amount (if not too much for two). We enjoyed every bite! We will definitely be back.After drinks at the rooftop bar, together with my friends; we decided to get a nice dinner here.
We didn't have a reservation. The wait was around 30 minutes, so we grabbed drinks at the bar. 
Once seated, we ordered our dinner. I ordered the 12 oz 7X wagyu beef. I ordered it medium, while my friends ordered theirs Medium Rare. 
After eating a couple of bites, it was obvious that this meat was completely raw from the inside.
I asked the hostess to call our waitress. She was obviously not pleased since she just rolled her eyes and then came to us (I believe her name was Leah).
I asked that my meat gets cooked properly since I asked for it to be medium. They took it to the kitchen, give it a little cooking. However, again, it is still just raw. You can check the color of the steak on the picture, which was after the second round of cooking!
I expect a perfect steak and experience if I order the most expensive steak on the menu. 
My friends liked their steak, which is why I am giving them 2 stars, otherwise it would have been just 1We stayed at the Logan Hotel.  We saw the "To Go" menu in the room and decided to have dinner there.  Please note the "To Go" menu has totally different dishes and prices than the menu in the restaurant. Don't be fooled.  We did the cheese tasting.  The choices sounded great however we didn't really like the taste of any. I had the smallest size steak 8 oz tenderloin "grass fed" for $44 no side dish included.  It was very salty but tasty.  The kids meals, appetizers, and the side dishes were reasonably priced. I don't think we would go there again.  Not even for drinks.  A glass of red wine was about $18.  Down the street at another pub I paid $10.50 for a glass.As a newly gluten-free diner, I sincerely appreciated this restaurant and their accommodations for brunch. I typically think of brunch as a challenge because it is heavy on the carbs, like French toast, pancakes and pastries. However, this restaurant offers all of those classics, in addition to some GF Foodie choices. I had the blue crab omelette, which was huge and delicious. The fluffy egg was stuffed full of gorgeous mushrooms, perfectly cooked bacon (that is sliced on premise by their in-house butcher) and blue crab. It was topped with Bernaise sauce and a side of GF Toast. I couldn't have been happier with my meal. I didn't feel like I compromised because I was GF. They served me a real breakfast, not a half of one. (And my husband said his non-GF regular order was amazing also!!) they have some interesting and exciting menu choices for all diners. 
The server was also so understanding and accommodating. He understood my dietary restrictions and was more than happy to make sure I ate well. 
The atmosphere is great; large, clean, bright and welcoming. I really enjoyed it here and will be back.Great food, mediocre service. With limitless great options in Philly, I recommend going somewhere else. I went here on a Monday to grab dinner with a friend at the recommendation of another friend. We made 7pm reservations and were a few minutes early, but they sat us immediately without any comment and got us waters quickly. The waitperson started out great giving us a summary of what the restaurant is about farm-to-table, local, etc. Our charcuterie came out fairly quick and was fantastic. We decided to share our food, and at that moment we became a lesser priority to the staff compared to other tables in our section who were ordering much more. There were several instances of poor service, which made me really sad because as the meal continued the food got better and better. For example, when I'm paying this much for a dinner, I have a basic expectation that my water glass is never empty, at least not for long. It was empty twice throughout my meal for 10-15 minutes each time, which was noticeable since it was my only drink and our waitperson continued to promptly serve the tables around us. It was also odd when our waitperson took our plates and our untouched bread off the table to prepare for dinner without even asking us whether we were finished or ready. I've had better service at Chili's. I will say that I noticed other wait staff engaging with their guests very intentionally, so your experience might be better with a different person. Maybe ours just had an off night, but it was enough that I probably won't be back. Tenderloin and cheesecake were wonderful, and asparagus side was so-so. Not sure it was all worth it all things considered.I've lived in Philly for almost 2 years and this is hands down the best meal I've ever had here. from start to finish, it was perfect. The parker house rolls and cornbread were delicious (I recommend asking for their whipped butter and a side of honey). I chose the dayboat scallops and they were absolutely perfect. The only thing I would change about the dish was the faro - didn't think it paired well and a woman at the table next to me ordered the same thing and said the same thing about the faro. If they're looking for texture, perhaps a different grain for be better. A risotto or orzo, maybe. Otherwise, they were the best scallops I've ever had and I'm from Florida - I know good seafood. My dinner mates shared a porterhouse steak and both loved it - I had a bite and can concur that it was great. We all shared the creamed spinach gratin and the twice baked fingerling potato tartlet. I couldn't get enough of either side. The service was great, the restaurant is beautiful...amazing experience. I will absolutely be back.Well it is definitely one of the biggest and most beautiful/unique steakhouses in the city. It is huge and open, with an upscale farm vibe and hisptery waiters. We came here for lunch, and it was pretty crowded, so it took a quite a while to get our orders and food. However, the food is pretty good, however for the prices I would have expected more. For the appetizers we got the deviled eggs and the HUGE shrimp, perfect for splitting. All were good. Next I had the salmon with some vegetables in curry like sauce. The salmon was great, however, was not a fan of the veggies or the sauce underneath, as every few bites there was a bitter after taste. Finally, for dessert we tried the carrot cake and the chocolate crème brule. The carrot cake was interesting looking but quite disappointing, the cream on top had 0 flavor and the cake was a bit dry. However, the crème brule was pretty amazing and velevety soft, with perfect chocolate flavor. They also have a pretty cool tea dispenser. So in conclusion, this is a great place to try but would just make sure to order the right foods and go during off-peak hours.I came here for Saturday brunch and got the "Honey Biscuit - ". I tend to be picky when it comes to seasoning/flavoring(?). The honey biscuit and the lemon marmalade were not overly sweet which was perfect because I hate it when my food is too sweet (ex. Insomnia cookies would be too sweet for me) The sausage gravy and chicken leg were delicious too since they weren't too savory/salty. This whole dish well balanced out the sweet and savory flavors. Apart from that, the waiter was very attentive and polite, the place had a nice, quiet and friendly ambience. I'll come back for sure! (And get the same dish)Great atmosphere, wonderful food, mushrooms wee wonderful and the farm fries are excellent the filet mignon was excellentOne of the best things about this place is their happy hour starts at 3pm, which is amazing. They have nice drink specials and wide snack options as well. I love the decor of place but the service was pretty slow....considering my group was one of only people there we had to get up and find our server multiple times.So while I was staying at a hotel out here in Philly (Sheraton Hotel), I decided I would see what breakfast spots had pretty good Yelp reviews. Although there were a few places around, I decided to try this spot and was very impressed. 
Upon walking in, the decorum immediately catches your attention. It's a very chic, modern, somewhat quaint but trendy restaurant! Majority of the staff is either in plaid shirts or blazers. Everyone is super friendly here and very accommodating. I also liked the fact other waiters would help out in waiting your table. There were about 3 different people that came over to assist. 
So I ordered the shrimp and grits with a side of cherry chicken and cranberry juice as the drink. The shrimp dish was EXCELLENT!! I wasn't a fan of the cherry chicken unfortunately so I probably wouldn't order that again, however, since the staff was so friendly and the main dish was so good -this is why I decided to give it 5 stars!
I HIGHLY RECOMMEND this place if you are staying at any of the nearby hotels or in the area. They are really good!!Excellent. We went for brunch and dinner and their steaks and vegetables were fresh and cooked just right. Highly recommend.My friend and I went here for my birthday dinner.  She told me to pick any place I wanted to go, and I had seen Urban Farmer on FYI Philly show, so I suggested this place.   
The decor was nice, trendy farmhouse chic.  
The service was also great, a little rushed at first then when they got busy slowed down.  
We had to ask for bread which should have come before the appetizer.   
However we were really disappointed with the food.  Overpriced appetizers with no flavor whatsoever.     We shared the steak tasting, and the quality of the meat was good, but again the flavor was underwhelming ... have had better steaks at other restaurants.    
We shared the butterscotch sundae and it was cute served in the jar, but difficult to eat out of.  The dessert did not taste good at all.  Sort of like store bought cake taste.   
Overall I am not sure I would recommend urban farmer to others.The food was delicious and everything we hoped for, but unfortunately the service left some to be desired. First we were charged an additional $6 for no reason and then realized my Bulleit whiskey on the rocks were $13/ea. and not the $10 on the menu. When we asked about this after the meal, we were told that "on the rocks" was an up-charge. This information would've been ideal at the time of ordering, but also I find it somewhat odd there's an additional $3 charge to add frozen water to a drink. 
We still enjoyed the meal and had a very nice dinner, but a steakhouse that attempts to nickel and dime customers is an establishment I will not go back to.I loved this place, so happy it was connected to the hotel. Ambiance is wonderful and wait staff is very attentive. Professional, good quality food, and priced appropriately. Just one more reason to stay at the Logan.Went here for brunch on a Sunday morning around 11 and we were very pleased with the experience. 
We didn't have a reservation, so the manager had us sit in the waiting area for a good 15 minutes even though there were a lot of open tables. The table we were given was actually clean and open the whole time. We weren't sure if that was their way of telling us we should have made a reservation. 
But the food and service was great. I got the French toast, and it was probably the best I've had in a restaurant. Very creative presentation, and the ingredients were so fresh. 
The decor is very hip and modern. Check out the country style China plate display that has images of David Bowie and George Washington in Mickey Mouse ears. Pretty funny. 
We would definitely go back...and probably just make a reservation next time just to be safe.Amazing experience. Three of us had the avocado Benedict and a side of a crispy potato! All around fabulous experience. The English muffins here are on another level. Must have!Food was really really good. Great atmosphere and loved the layout of the restaurant. Ordered the blue snow crab eggs and it was so delicious with their homemade sourdough muffin and crispy potato on the side.We were early for a dinner reservation so we sat at the bar for a few drinks. The bartender made amazing Farmer #4. Best cheese board! The steak was like butter. The atmosphere is amazing and trendy. There is a roof top bar in the hotel that so packed we couldn't get in. I loved everything about this place and will be back.One of my favorite brunch spots to go. This restaurant has everything you want: quality and performance. I was highly satisfied by the food and service.I went here for brunch on a Saturday. I made a reservation but it wasn't to crowded. The ambience is very relaxed and bright. We were seated right away in comfy chairs. The service was very fast almost a little rushed. We had to ask them to refill our coffee as we were just enjoying ourselves but they brought the check as soon as we were finished eating. The food was good. We got the veggie frittata with the English muffins. The English muffins were really good! We also got the short rib hash which was my favorite. Plenty of food to fill you up.Food was fine, service was poor. We were staying at The Logan (hotel attached to this restaurant) and decided to check out Urban Farmer for breakfast one morning around 9am. The restaurant was over half empty, and our party of 2 was easily seated. Before we received our food, 2 more family members unexpectedly woke up and joined us downstairs. We totally understand that it's not always easy to accommodate changes in party size, but the restaurant was still well over half empty, and as guests of the hotel we would have thought that we would all be able to be seated. Not only would they not allow our family members to join us at our table, but they refused to seat them separately at any other table in the half-empty restaurant, insisting that they were "fully committed". Very bizarre, considering there were over a dozen empty tables that remained empty the entire time we were in the restaurant. Since the two of us had already ordered, we stayed until our food came and ate our meal. Food was fine, but the bill was placed on our table literally mid-bite, well before we were ready to go. Again, the dining room remained mostly empty so it's not like we were monopolizing a table that other customers were waiting for. Overall, not a welcoming or accommodating atmosphere at all. Hotel guests should be able to enjoy breakfast in the hotel restaurant without being made to feel like trespassers.Thought we would give this place a try, based on the reviews here.  It was late.  I wanted a steak.  Ordered a steak, medium rare, came out well done....and then the bartender's Frat buddies showed up....heard the "F" word for an hour straight before we are finally moved....brought my next steak out.....Raw....asked the server if I could go back of the house and show how to properly cook a steak.....more Frat boys filed in....I know it was late and the manager did pick up our entire tab, but I was completely embarrassed for this place.  I would avoid.So, so pleased. 
My boyfriend and I came for dinner the other night and were so happy with literally everything. Not only was the service fantastic, but the little cheese tray that came around was to die for. 
I can't wait to come back again soon.Just had dinner here.   Very disappointed with the service.  They don't come close to the quality of the other steakhouses in Philly.   One of the meals was not done correctly and the server argued that it was.  
Tables to close together.  There was a wedding there and we were ignored at the bar.   Took forever to get drink and bartender looked annoyed.   Thumbs up to the bar back he was the friendliest person there.   Made conservation asked what we needed.  He was the nicest most profession al employee there.     Would tell ppl to stick with del friscos Barclay prime etc for the true steakhouse experienceSteak and Eggs were delicious. Steak was done perfect. Megan is awesome and provided outstanding service!Great brunch food. Outside seating was wonderful with a view of the fountain. Service was fast and utensils and settings were pristine. No wait on a Sunday morning...wow! Five star meal included the two eggs, bacon, hash brown and homemade english muffin. Also, had the French Toast (4 pieces) with apples and blueberries lightly on top, crab omelet. All were delicious. Fresh hot pot of coffee and full glasses of cold water.Urban Farmer is in the space vacated by the departure of the Four Seasons Hotel and its wonderful restaurant The Fountain.  Urban Farmer is a far more casual, relaxed place.  The idea is great, and the space is very nice and inviting.  Our service was very good.  Unfortunately our steaks were mediocre.  We had the porterhouse and the bone in ribeye.  Neither was properly seared, and both had more gristle than expected.  The taste was .... unremarkable.  I had great hopes, but I don't think it stands up to the better steakhouses in town.This restaurant was amazing. From the time you check in until the time you leave the experience is wondThe atmosphere is fun and relaxing. The service is fantastic and the food is excellent. Our server, Bill, was extremely knowledgeable and helpful. He walked us through the menu and helped us select the best options for each person based on what we each liked.  If you are looking for a place to enjoy a special evening I highly recommend it!Excellent homemade English muffins that can be made into first-rate breakfast sandwiches upon request. An impressive number of seating options.Overall, a great experience.
The wife & I had our 1st date night and decided on UF to try...glad we did! We arrived early for our 7pm reservation, so we decided to have a cocktail. Bar was packed so, we sat at a community table close to the bar. Unfortunately, it took our server about 10 minutes to take our order, but it was busy. Wife ordered a vodka/tonic and I opted for the "Rittenhouse Square", which was everything I expected it to be, great flavor and balance. We were seated by 7:15, but the hostess had admitted that they had a hard time finding us, but again, it was busy. We were greeted by our server (Nick or Neal) who explained the menu layout, explained the different cuts and where their meat is sourced (Go PA!). My wife started with the seafood bisque and I had the caesar salad, both really good. The canned corn bread was YUMMY! We shared the 24oz Porterhouse, cooked medium, was perfectly prepared and had great flavor...a really great quality steak! We had ordered the Yukon Gold Mashed potatoes, which were heavenly, and the mushroom medley, also very good. For desert, we shared the lemon cheesecake with champagne sorbet...nicely done. I wanted the Butterscotch Sundae, but I had to control my calories! But, I will return to try next time. 
One added plus, no kids were seen! A great parent, date-night get-away plus!
All in all, I would recommend and would return.Really cool atmosphere (i.e. spacious with great decor).  Great food and service!  Make sure to bring your appetite because everything reads delicious.  Definitely coming back for moreAlthough the food was extraordinary, I would be remiss if I didn't address the service issue that took place during our visit.
My wife and I were in the city for an overnight getaway for our anniversary and decided to try this place for brunch.... as it was highly reviewed.  While not overly busy, my first impression is that our server felt rushed and took a bit to get to us.... no biggie.
Once our drink orders were taken we mulled over the menu and wait what felt like a while to place our entree order.  We ordered a cheese board to start, followed by two main entrees.  From the time our cheese board was removed until our entree arrived was close to 20 minutes.... this is now probably 45 minutes after we initially sat down.
At one point I was approached by a manager to see if I need anything as our drinks were empty and table was cleared.  I ask if I could have a coffee as I waited and commented on how long it was taking to get our meal.
Ultimately we received our meals from a runner and a few moments later the manger came over to tell us that our check was being covered due to the delay.  I thanked her and she carried on.
While a generous gesture, I have to say that nothing was done to secure our future business, nor was a major issue with this even addressed..... during our wait, not once did the server ever again approach our table to offer any bit of communication to inform of us a delay (maybe the check was dropped, maybe somebody forgot, maybe the order wasn't entered).  All reasonable and forgivable explanations as we are only human.... mistakes happen.  A simple, "there was a delay in the kitchen, might in offer you a complimentary cocktail while you wait?"
A little bit of communication goes along way in engaging your guest.  I would have been happy to pay for my meal because truth be told, it was delicious, but instead the manager just decided the proper course of action was to comp the check and sweep it under the rug.... again, doing nothing to engage a guest who is not foreign to high level service and asking for a second try.
It's not always about getting something free.... a place of this caliber should be forthright in its guest communication and not treat them like a free meal solves the issue because they now have no reason to come back and try again.
Food - 4.5 stars
Service - 0.5 starsHad lunch here after a visit to the Academy of natural sciences with the family. Really cool decor and vibe. Lunch menu was satisfying (wife and I both had the chicken sandwich) and the kids menu was extensive and prepared with quality. 
Service was great all around. Patrons seemed "well heeled". Good looking crowd for lunch. If this place was closer to us, this would definitely be on the date night rotation.Stopped in while visiting a friend in the neighborhood. Nice clean cozy spot! We had the grilled cheese w/tomato and bacon w/ tomato soup. The soup was thick and delicious and the sandwich was crispy and tasty; the spinach salad with pesto salmon was fabulous-the salmon was cooked perfectly! We would definitely go back when in town again!Dined here this evening and the service was terrible.   First we waited at the bar 30 minutes for our table which was supposed to be ready in 5 minutes.  After being seated it was 15 minutes until we saw our server.   Our entrees took 1.5 hours to be served.   My wife's steak was supposed to be well done and it came out medium.   My steak was supposed to be medium and came out rare.  The quality of the steaks was definitely very good however the problems with the service were too overwhelming.I have lived in downtown Philly now a full year.  I eat out at least 1-2 times a week.  I love good food.  I have been to most steak houses that this city has to offer.  I love this place.  The food is on point every time!  I have been in with friends and walked up alone and had dinner at the bar.  The staff is engaging and good at their jobs.  They know their menu well and can speak to it at a level ALL servers should be able to.  They have a HUGE range of steaks.  The Wagyu carpaccio is a crave-able item.  Served on a Himalayan salt block and lightly torched table side, accompanied by pickled mushrooms and house made chips :)  Just this and I could leave happy, but nope that is just the start.  Cocktails are delish and creative, sides are above standard.  Had a dessert for the first time.  The strawberry souffle with peanut butter fudge sauce, was the flavors of very decadent PB&J.  Yup again delish.  Although I would like to eat here weekly, I would prefer to keep it special and reserve it for a few times a year.  Brunch here is next for sure!Excellent restaurant. This was highly recommended by the Staff and GM (understandably) of the beautiful Logan Hotel on Logan Circle, Philadelphia. We stayed one night, a much needed rest before we head on for our train ride to Pittsburgh. We checked in later in the evening and had to get some dinner. We decided to try Urban Farmer at the Hotel - we read the great reviews on Yelp. I had the red snapper and my husband had the steak. Both were excellent dishes. Our waiter, (Sam?) was not just excellent with service but well versed with their wine selection. We were so impressed. After dinner, we took a look at the back of the house (watching the staff prepping the vegetables), and we were invited impromptu to take a tour of the kitchen. Chef Seth Petitt took us on a brief tour of the butcher section (dry aged beef, grass fed, you name it), their min green house where they grow their own garnishing and all desserts made on premises. What a set up. Thoroughly enjoyed the tour. The next morning, we had breakfast and Harry our waitstaff was excellent too. Food is delicious. Atmosphere not stuffy - staff wearing jeans. An excellent dining experience in historic Philadelphia. Thank you for the experience.I got the field greens salad which was delicious. It was simple but tasted very fresh and the honey vinaigrette was amazing. The only thing I'd recommend from this place is more vegan options. That was the only one I saw unfortunately but it was still delicious. My friend got the cod which looked good as well. It's very pricey which makes sense because it's attached to The Logan so many of the customers can afford it. The reason for 3 stars would be because it was overpriced for the portion size in my opinion.In my opinion, the best steakhouse in Philadelphia. The atmosphere is upscale but very relaxing. The decor is really well coordinated. I ordered the steak sampler, the squash soup, heirloom carrots, and the puree. I would 100% order everything again. Their cornbread is AMAZING. And while leaving, they hand you a little packet of seeds to grow in your garden. I got seeds for Beets!!Wonderful spot for brunch in The Logan!! Inventive dishes. Modern farmhouse decor. Happy place. Creme brûlée parfait dangerously good.The food was delicious! I loved how all the produce and meats used are local. The customer service was excellent! It's a type of service you do not experience anymore in restaurants and it's great that they are bringing it back. The vegetables were fresh and crisp. The steaks as juicy and tender.Really cool atmosphere and decor. The service was great by Sam and wait staff. The food was amazing!!! The porterhouse was cooked to perfection and the baked mac n' cheese was among the best I've ever had! It was my fiancé's birthday so they surprised him with a variety of handmade chocolates. LOVED everything about this restaurant.I live for brunch and this place doesn't disappoint been here 4x and I'm in love with the Benedict , that delish potatoes and really yummy Bloody Mary !
Highly reccommend this to anyone who stays in PhiladelphiaFarm to table done right!
Had a great experience at this place! To start, it's right on the Ben Franklin Parkway, so it's easy to find but parking is tight - I parked 2 blocks into the neighborhood, but if you're lucky, you might see some open spots right on the circle. 
Inside, it's got that rustic chic thing going on - lots of color and interesting light fixtures. It's modern yet traditional - it's a high end comfortable environment. 
For the first course I got their caramelized cauliflower soup. So tasty and unexpected! It's made with cream and topped with a golden raisin relish and charred saffron croutons. So many flavors and love the use of the ingredients! Definitely a must! 
For the entree I ordered their cauliflower steak. I was a bit hesitant on overdoing on the cauliflower, but I went with my gut - and it paid off! It was well roasted, and laid over seasoned lentils with a mango chutney on top! Each piece was savory but not too intense - that melt in your mouth type of feeling. 
For dessert, I ordered one scoop of their toffee chip, and one scoop of their white chocolate ice cream! You can taste how fresh it was! Super creamy, and the flavors were well incorporated throughout. 
Overall, I was impressed on the different treatments of ingredients (the cauliflower in the steak vs. the soup) as well as the quality and quantity of ingredients utilized - really nice to give your taste buds some new things to enjoy!
I also liked all the veggie friendly options available - always looking for more veggie places. The service was top notch. Our water glasses were constantly being refilled, and the servers were great in accommodating for any dietary restrictions. 
I'm already looking forward to my next trip back here!I enjoyed lunch at Urban Farmer in late February on a busy Friday afternoon - amazing experience overall. The ambiance of the place is terrific as is the overall energy. It is great to see a place so busy at 1pm on a workday! The service was great, our waiter was not only knowledgeable, but engaged throughout. That brings me to the food - simply awesome. The cheeses were well displayed and tasty but the entrees made it happen. I had an perfectly prepared Ribeye complimented with a side of mushrooms and a twice-baked potato side that was the best I have ever had. If you add the couple of custom beverages I had it all amounts to an absolutely perfect experience from beginning to end.Eww, extremely disappointed in hostess and our awful experience. At 9pm we asked how long our wait would be for our party of 4. We were first told  20 mins, then after she figured out what time it was she then said 10....so at 10:09 after tracking her down,  she took 20 minutes before getting back to us to say how sorry she was and that they would be closing at 10:30. SERIOUSLY‼But we could still order room service, are you fucking kidding me? Wouldn't eat there for freeReally, really cool place. We were staying in the hotel it's located in and decided to have dinner.  Bread comes first...cornbread is perfect.  Make sure you get some cornbread. The steak was delicious!  Perfectly cooked.  We had the potatoes and Mac and cheese.  Potatoes were sooooo good!  Mac and cheese was meh.  Nice and quiet.  Greta service.Super service, knowledgeable staff and a kid's menu! Everything was excellent from the decor to the food choices. Our waiter (Steven) made us feel like family and treated our daughter like a princess! The cheese cart was a wonderful experience. If you're looking for a delicious dinner in Philadelphia, this is it. Be sure to bring an appetite and prepare to be impressed by winning service and food.I had dinner there last night, and there was lots to love, but several service miscues prevented this from being an exceptional experience. We spent 426 dollars pre-tip for a table of two, and I left feeling slightly disappointed. When I am dining in this price range, I never want to leave a restaurant feeling less than totally satisfied with the experience. Unfortunately I left feeling like dinner was a little bit of a let down. Here is my quick run down of bullet points:
-Cocktails at the bar were tremendous and well-crafted. The bartender was genuinely amiable and made excellent drink recommendations. 
-Hosts were competent and efficient and were happy to accommodate our special table request in a restaurant that was about 80% full at 8:30 pm on a Saturday night. 
-Service was just ok to poor and was the low part of the evening by far. Sparkling water was basically room temperature when served and the server couldn't find our ordered wine on the list initially (nit picky points, I know) 
-Our server would not allow us to order our appetizers and then decide on entrees and sides later. We were told that we she needed to have the entire dinner order at once. I am not certain if  this is restaurant policy or just her being a jerk, but I found it to be unsettling.  
-Server never returned to pour our wine, and we poured it ourselves the entire meal. 
-Food runners were super pleasant and explained every dish to us as plates were delivered. 
-We had foie gras and the lobster starter, and split a Caesar salad to start. It was all tasty but the timing was just off. Foie gras arrived by itself and then minutes later we got the lobster and the split salad all at the same time. Not a tremendous problem, but just a disappointment that made us feel rushed. 
-We each had the dry aged, 10oz bone in filet ordered medium rare. Steaks arrived on the greyer side of medium. We brought this to the server's attention and she quickly took away the steaks and got us new ones. Rather than being apologetic, she gave us a lecture about dry aged meat and informed us that we basically didn't know what we were talking about because dry-aged meats are always darker. Our steaks were definitely overcooked, regardless of whether they were wet or dry-aged. As a former steak house waiter, and 15 year vet of the hospitality industry, I was annoyed but let it slide. 
-Our steaks were returned in short and were cooked rare. Ultimately this wasn't a problem for us, but really could have been for a stickler that just had to have medium rare. 
-Steaks were incredibly tasty and tender. It was a high quality filet that was nicely seasoned and really was a terrific piece of meat. 
-Sides were transcendent. The twice baked potato tart had a buttery flaky crust and was an excellent selection. Popcorn grits were tasty and had a nice popcorn essence that elevated the grits beyond simple comfort food. We also had the bone marrow and candied bacon which were both tasty. 
-We ordered the butterscotch sundae and the mixed berry pot pie which was recommended by the server. We received the sundae and after dinner drinks, but after 10 minutes hadn't gotten the pot pie. When we grabbed the server and asked for it, she acknowledged that she had forgotten it and asked if we still wanted it. We did, and she ordered it for us and we received it pretty quickly. It was OK, but definitely go with the butterscotch as it was the superior desert of the two by a long shot. 
Ultimately we never saw or spoke to a manager. We were not expecting any discounts, but removing the forgotten desert from the bill could have been a nice a token gesture that would have helped us leave with a nice feeling. When I spend 200 bucks a head for dinner, I want to be treated like it was a special occasion and we didn't leave feeling like we had a special evening of fine dining. Despite service miscues, I will certainly return to the bar for drinks and I will likely return for dinner with reduced service expectations when I am not planning a special night out 
TL;DR: Food is tremendous, excellent bar with hand crafted cocktails. Service can be a low point that makes a potentially exceptional experience a fairly pedestrian one.The wagyu steak was amazing. And the flat iron steak was the best ever had. I love steak.. This place most definitely got them. Come hungry and you will leave completely satisfied .by the way their side dishes were perfectly for sharing ,and cooked to perfection.can't wait for my return for the steak tasting.This is a pretty solid place to have breakfast if you're staying at the Logan, and particularly if you are holding the vouchers given Hhonors members.
Coffee and fresh squeezed orange juice were both very good. A honey biscuit ordered a la carte, was the best thing. It was enormous and flaky - you can get it with the chicken leg breakfast, but I suggest ordering one a la carte if you order something else.
My blue crab, mushroom, onion and bacon omelette was topped with bearnaise. Sounds terrific, but it was less flavorful than the description. Each ingredient was on point - nice blue crab, what looked like oyster mushroom, perfect rolled eggs, a dollop of sauce - still it underwhelmed. I regretted not ordering one of the great-looking benedicts. The large fluffy English muffin that came with the omelette overwhelmed. It reminded me of a Wolferman's, but the manager said it was house made. Definitely a winner, but you'll need lots of butter and jam to handle this gargantuan breadstuff. 
The spouse's shrimp and grits with pulled pork hit all the right flavor notes. My only criticism was that it came with no baked good - not to worry as we had the enormous muffin and extra biscuit.
Service was good and the room is pleasant.Great atmosphere, cocktail drinks are pricey but pretty good, and service was good. Had Friday night dinner here with my husband but we were not impressed at all by the food. The twice baked fingerling potato tart was probably the best thing we tasted but when your sides stand out more than the main dish it says a lot! For the price, there are way better restaurants to chose from in Philly. I would come back strictly for drinks,or salad. The heirloom apple salad was tasty!Sub par service and not family friendly.  The only restaurant at the Logan Hotel which means we won't be staying there again.  Getting a table involves one very unfriendly guy telling you to sit while the hostess decides whether they can seat you (lots of open tables).  Then 10 mins later, they tell you it will be an hour (we are sitting there with kids).  Same routine for breakfast and the same unfriendly guy who must be some kind of assistant to the hostess?  Clearly too many people working in the staff and not enough adult supervision.This restaurant is very unique and has great food. I have eaten here twice now.  I haven't had any of their steaks yet, so I can't speak to that (which seems to probably be their specialty). Tonight I ate at the bar and had the grilled chicken sandwich and the Farmer # 4 drink. With tip I paid $40 for those two items, which to me is pricey for a grilled chicken sandwich, I expected it of the craft cocktail - which was amazing. The sandwich I was indifferent to. The good:  it came out very quickly. The bun was sensational (brioche). The flavors of all the things were also very good - peach jam, chili aioli, gruyere cheese, crispy thick bacon. The bad:  too much of the things. The peach jam was too much in quantity on this sandwich. I think with it being such a robust flavor it totally negated the chili aioli unfortunately. And my sandwich wouldn't stay on the bun because of all the sauce. I did have them add avocado - but it was mashed and for some reason thought it would be slices. Another reason it was sliding all over the place. The menu looks great from what I haven't tried so I'm looking forward to trying a few more things. The bar staff has been impeccable.Had a marvelous dinner here.   Cozy, fun, modern aesthetic.   Attentive but relaxed wait staff and delicious food.  Loved the warm cornbread to start.   Steak sampler was a great idea and executed beautifully.   Mushroom side and cauliflower steak were tasty accompaniments.  And my six year old loved his Mac and cheese and fries.    Would definitely come back!Top notch food, great atmosphere, and wonderful service.  Everything about this place was perfect, I hope I can go back to explore the menu more over.
I had plans in town that I could not be late for while staying at the Logan.  This was really my only option to get a decent bite, but wow did that work out great.  First we needed some drinks.  Cocktails were ridiculously good.  Beer list had exactly what I was looking for as well.  All I wanted was a Founders All Day IPA.  On to the food.
A nicely sized portion of beef carpaccio for under $20 was a must.  Although I needed a healthier base, so I went with the Cesar salad first.  The Cesar was spot on, best I've had in a while.  Knowing that that might not be enough for 2 people we also went with the shrimp cocktail.  The veggie sides were perfect for these beautiful prawns, but I think a poach may have been a better option as per execution.  Still totally worth the 5 star rating, just a friendly suggestion.
I honestly say that I need to try more dishes here to really stand by my 5th star, but have a damn good feeling they are worth it.  Tight looking setup, knowledgeable staff, all in a great downtown location.  Highly recommended.Went there last week with my son, what an amazing.experience! The staff was beautiful, friendly, and well versed in the menu. Loved the complimentary rolling cheese cart. My son chose the 3 courses, and he made excellent choices, as always *he's a foodie. The chocolate bon bons at the end were the frosting on a scrumptious dining extravaganza. Loved it allSub-par services and steaks (unless ordered the wagyu beef).
Expected much better services and steaks from a high-end restaurant.
Shared the Joyce Farms steak and the Wagyu beef. 
Lets see how they can be better:
- Unlike other restaurant, the waiter interrupted business discussions to present menu.  In Capital Grille, the waiter made their presence known - and waited for the guest to finish the conversation.
- Asked for extra olive for the drink.  Had the same number of olives as my colleague.
- The steak knife arrived after the steak arrival.  I was seriously questioning whether they would be providing the steak knife.  Lost my patience and start with the normal knife.
- Wine distribution was uneven with the largest one about 3 times as much as the smallest one
- The Joyce Farms steak was very sub-par.  My $10 shop-rite rib-eye tastes better than that.  
At the same time, the 18-ounce Wagyu beef ribeye is cooked perfectly and on-par with the 22 oz bone-in rib-eye serves in Capital Grille.  However, at $74 versus $54 (Capital Grille), it is not a bargain.There is a lot to love about this place. The setting is terrific - from the outdoor seating facing the fountain and Logan Circle, to a well crafted and designed interior. I have eaten brunch here on many occasions and the food is simply fantastic. The homemade English muffins are unique and appear to have crack sprinkled in them - because you just can't get enough. Drinks are nicely crafted. My only complaint is that the service, while generally very friendly can be haphazard slow and disorganized. Unfortunately, this service complaint is consistent on multiple visits at various times of the day. 
That said, nothing is perfect, and being part of such a beautiful hotel means I will keep coming back. Some people may not be aware that the Logan is now part of the Hilton "Curio Collection", Hilton's boutique line. It was built and had been until recently the Four Seasons Hotel, and the furnishings and overall design reflect a very upscale ambience. For some odd reason, the rates at this Hilton property are often cheaper than the average middle of the road Hilton brands like Hilton Gardens. The point is, this hotel can be an awesome price deal.Breakfast was amazing and I loved the decor and atmosphere. Great place and will visit againI went back here for lunch and had the salmon, it was excellent! Also went back for dinner and this time the steaks were cooked to perfection. The beef tartare was delicious. The New York steak tasting is a great dish that lets you try different steaks, my favorite is the 21 day dry aged. I hope they'll continue to work on their sides. I've tried the mac n cheese, roasted mushroom, and farm fries, they were just ok.Fantastic brunch -- great ambiance as well fantastic service with a smile.  The managers were great even when we had a small wait for the bars seating; offering if we needed a drink.  We've been to brunch the past 3 weeks and will be back again.It was a great restaurant for us to visit. We stayed at The Logan so it wasn't just convenient.  It was truly delicious food.   Great service too!In my adventures around the world, I've encountered a lot of great meals. I can say that I've had a few memorable meals Urban Farmer. I've been staying in Philly for two weeks, hitting up all the local hotspots Yelp has suggested. However, I keep returning to this particular restaurant. It does an excellent job at balancing quality, flavor and texture. 
Breakfast is super important to me when I travel for work. Urban Farmer has a very unique take on their steel cut oats. The texture is unlike anything you will come across. It also comes with a nice assortment of brown sugar, nuts, dried fruit and small pitcher of milk. Pair that up with Stumptown Nitro and you'll be ready to go!
Dinner is also really tasty - salads, sides, steaks and that butterscotch sundae (all the reviews are true)! I really enjoy the crispy quinoa salad with a side of steak. Perfect. It's my new go-to dinner when I stay at The Logan.
The restaurant bar serves up a great old fashioned with handcut ice-cubes (I had one earlier this week) , as well as conversation. It was a great experience for someone that travels as frequently as I do.
PS - Please open a branch in Raleigh, NC.Outside seating on the parkway with shade provided by the Logan hotel. 
Beet Salad and sirloin ciabatta wonderful. 
Service prompt and attentive. 
If you enjoy locally grown and farm fresh the beet salad had both golden and red beets with a creamy dressing on bed of greens.After walking for miles all over Philly, we Yelped something nearby and found Urban Farmer. And thank goodness we did! 
We started with the East coast oysters. Really yummy.
We've never seen "New York Steak Tasting" on a menu, so we ordered it. Absolutely phenomenal. It is 6 ounces of each: grass-fed, corn-fed, 21 day dry aged, and Wagyu. Not only were they all perfectly prepared (medium rare), but it was very interesting getting to taste the differences between all four steaks. Dinner became an experience- not just dinner. We also ordered a side dish: Twice Baked Fingerling Potato Tart. It was delicious.
We finished with a Chocolate Peanut Butter torte, which was outstanding.
And our server, Anthony, was fantastic. He is very knowledgeable and has a great personality (even though he is a Raiders fan and we are Niners fans!).
Excellent wine menu, too.
Highly recommend.the prices are quite a bit to swallow esp considering there are no entrees, only a la carte dishes. your $60 steal will need additional $13 sides to complete your meal. 
i just don't find much from the culinary aspect to justify the price points on this menu.After touring around Philadelphia my kids and I went to Urban Farmer after a friends recommendation. Beautiful restaurant with different areas to dine and a lovely bar. The steaks were excellent but don't get the Mac and cheese. Not very cheesy just lots  of bread crumbs with no flavor. We ordered the cheese appetizer- excellent but overpriced. Seriously? $36 dollars for 6 slices of different cheeses? The servers were knowledgeable and friendly but the service was slow. Basically there are a lot of beautifully appointed restaurants with glitzy menus but the service and food is the most important attribute.One of the most amazing dining experiences of my life!!!! To be greeted initially the way I was and then the dining experience based solely on Bill Mattson the waiter was the top 2 meal experience of my life. Bill was a true professional and his knowledge of food to beverage pairing was spot onMy team at work needed a quick and easy happy hour spot with variety. The hotel lobby bar in the Logan did he trunk. I think it is still considered urban farmer, there was no signage. 
The bartender was nice and fairly attentive, we grabbed a table and ordered almost all the food on the bar menu. Everything was tasty though I wish the flatbreads had more flavor, we got the mushroom and ricotta ones. We ordered the buffalo oysters which I was super skeptical about but they were the best thing we ordered. The tuna and watermelon crude was yummy as well. The fries and home made chips were third on that list. My coworker got the tomato soup and grilled cheese and he was a fan. It's a great quick spot though on the pricier side, and WAY less pretentious than the rooftop bar at Logan. 
I've also had their brunch in the actual restaurant and that was very tasty. We got pancakes, the eggs, tea and scones. All very well made and the service was really nice. I enjoyed the ambiance as, again, way less intense than their rooftop bar.One of the best meals ever. I had the cheese platter and The kids salmon with a side of vegetables and fries it was so good. best fries ever. there was the perfect amount of salt and it tasted exactly like a French fry should. if you're in Philadelphia this is probably the best choice for restaurants (ps kid friendly)Lovvvvveeeddd the decor and how large the room is. Nice staff. Food came out in a good timeframe. I loved all my food and the cornbread was really good. Bathrooms were clean there's only two of them though. I wish there were more vegetarian and seafood options on the menu. I will definitely be back and thereafter.What a great concept! Real farm to table! The food is fresh, light and delicious. Prices are great! Great selection of food and wine. The staff is very knowledgeable and helpful. The service is impeccable! It didn't matter what staff walked past our table, if something was missing, a dirty plate was on the table or a glass needed refilled, someone always stoped by to take care of it. Shout out to manager Rachel, she made us feel so at home here!Had a chance to come back out and try Urban Farmer again.  I got the 18 Oz dry aged New York and we had a bunch of sides for the table.  Steak was great and cooked right. All the sides were fresh and had a great taste as well.This is an update to my previous review.  Troy, the manage of Urban Farmer, reached out to me after reading my review and offered for my friend and I to come back and try dinner and drinks again, complimentary.     After 5 months, my friend and I had some time and decided to give it a try again. I messaged Troy here on Yelp and he was very gracious and set the whole dinner up for us.  
We arrived and asked for Troy at the front desk, and he met us (he was very cordial) and gave us an option to either sit outside or inside.   We sat inside at a booth.   Love the decor - modern rustic and it was quite busy that Thursday evening.   
He arranged for complimentary cocktails and a cheese board for us; the cheese monger came to our table and offered 
Various interesting selections.    He made a pretty cheese tray with some delicious almonds and honey.  
My friend and I shared a soup and Caesar salad (they plated separately for us).    Soup needed a bit more salt but I can understand that's subjective.  Caesar salad was very good.    They also served bread and cornbread.   
The steak options are numerous, from wagyu to Montana , Pennsylvania, grass fed etc. 
My friend ordered a filet mignon- I believe she ordered it medium rare but it came more cooked than she liked - but she did still enjoy it.    I ordered the steak tasting like last time.  And it was excellent , probably better than last time but may be because 
We ordered the special butter on the side  and I slathered some on top. (can't remember what was in it but it was great)     Our sides were good too - the potato tart and the asparagus.    
The only weak spot we both felt is the dessert section.    We shared a rhubarb tart,.... (last time we ordered something with chocolate can't remember what)  again it wasn't a WOW dessert - it was lacking in flavor, but I won't hold that against them because I feel Urban Farmer went above and beyond in customer service which truly you don't see anymore today.  I would definitely return to Urban Farmer with 
My family and friends, and I highly recommend it.  
Thank you Troy for everything!My experience here was awesome. Full disclosure: We came here with the intention of splurging on an expensive meal and going for all the extras. We started off the meal by ordering a nice Bordeaux and stating that we would like a visit from the cheese cart. It was a fun experience.
We had an awesome time trying the cheeses and drinking wine!! We loved the batch 11 and the creamy Gorgonzola. We only ordered 2 cheeses because we went crazy on the entrees and sides. We ordered the NY Strip tasting.... And all I can say is WOW!! The wagyu was absolutely unbelievable. I probably could have cut it with a fork. The side dishes we ordered were the baked mac and cheese, roasted mushrooms, and the twice baked potato tartine. The twice baked potato tartine was the hands down favorite! We didn't finish any of it, but we certainly had no regrets that we got to try everything.
Last, but certainly not least, our sever sent out a butterscotch sundae which was quite possibly the best dessert I've ever had. It was decadent and perfect in every way.
The service overall was an excellent combination of friendly and efficient without feeling rushed. We would certainly come back here again. We are excited to return to try a more casual setting... Maybe happy hour!My chili Mac was very tasty and the beef was well cooked. But it was spicier than I expected even though I asked the waiter before I ordered it. And there wasn't very much beef in it. My guest also complained that the salad had very little chicken.Urban Farmer is a great destination for any occasion. If you enjoy a fresh farm to table menu and a comfortable atmosphere with character than this your place. We received personalized and attentive service on our anniversary. The steaks were perfect and the wine list was vast. Overall great place in Philly.Very disappointing. Ordered a $60 18 oz steak that, while very tasty, was 10-12 oz at best... also ordered medium rare+ and came medium. Sides were ok. Service was very good. Overall just meh. Would not go back.We arrived for brunch on Christmas Day. It look at least 20 minutes to get our order taken.  The server made no mention of the drink menu, or anything else, after shoving menus at us.  Then, about 25 minutes more to get food. The server "checked on us" once during that time with no explanation about the wait. (The restaurant was far from full.)  When we finally got our food, it was excellent.  Again, the server was nowhere to be found for anything else. We actually had to get up to retrieve the check. I'm not sure what was going on, but the service was about the worst I've had in recent memory.Expensive yes, but tasty with great cocktails and wine selection. Service has also been excellent on multiple occasions. Salmon yum, beet salad yes, potato tart wow, Sauvinerres amazing, and the old curmudgeon i highly recommend. Enjoy!The ambiance is great and has great windows to get good views of the museums. The service is spectacular and the food is fresh, tasty and delicious.First drink of the evening- i had a clean and slightly sweet martini finished with a touch of olive oil and my husband had a margarita up and loved it. Its inside the Logan hotel. Its classy and casual and they serve snacks and full plates. Although pricey its worth the visit.Enjoyed a biz dinner experience here.  This is a top shelf restaurant with in house farm to fork food and great drinks.  Starter salads were as good as it gets-- I had the mixed greens.  The charcuterie board, cheese board, fresh loaves were tasty.  Now on to the piece de resistance,  the 42 day aged New York strip.  Wow.  Full of flavor and beefy depth.  Wish I had it med-well.  The sides were over the top, from the Mac and cheese, to au gratin taters, and roasted veggies (most micro sized grown in house).  Funky art makes for a cool vibe and we loved the kitchen tour that was offered since we had a chef in our party.  
Go. Dine. Smile.This is by far one of the best steak eating experiences I've had so far in the city of Philadelphia.  The meat quality is a tier above the capital grille's, Morton's and ruth chris' of the world, and yes there is a price difference to match.  I came here for my 30th birthday and probably would have to reserve this place for very special occasions only for the price.  I got to sample their tomahawk ribeye, their wagyu ribeye, housemade charcuterie and a host of sides.  All were phenomenal.  My biggest issue with restaurants handling my steak is that they often miss the mark on doneness (people have tried to pawn a medium on me as a medium rare before), however Urban Farmer seemed to deliver.  To top it off our server was engaging, prompt and polite which made the experience memorable.  The only major gripe I have is that this place does fall into certain overdone hipster stereotypes (ie the cornbread comes out of a tin can) when it comes to presentation of certain dishes. But at the end of the day a good steak is a good steak.  If this place came down ~$10/steak I'd be her WAY more often.I want to give this place a good review, but I left feeling kind of meh and will settle with 4 stars. I made a reservation with my mom when she was visiting from NYC. We wanted to go for a steak dinner outside of a typical chain steak restaurant in center city. The hostess sat us right near the front door, which my mother immediately protested since there were plenty of tables more "into" the restaurant and nice ambience, so she moved us. We got a better table. The service was kind of spotty. I found myself confused by the whole "farm to table thing" and we went for a tradition NY-strip style steak. The mac and cheese side was not very cheesy at all. We got a creamed spinach and potato dish that were very good, but overall, I felt like it was kind of overpriced for what we got.I absolutely loved this place... think of southern meets farm-to-table meets gastropub.  I sat at the bar, had a bottle of red wine and server items off the menu... all was amazing... I can't wait to get back there again.I wish I had the experience that several other reviews here and on Yelp seem to describe. For a place oriented around meat, this was the only thing they had to get right, and they definitely did not.
I started with the Caesar. I admit I'm a little particular about the dish: I don't like creamy dressing or soggy leaves, and I do like garlic. This was 50% of good: not creamy, a little soggy, not much garlic. Having had Caesar salads hundreds of times, this was what I'd call a checkbox salad rather than something conceived and made with pride.
The real disappointment was the meat. I had a New York Strip (14 oz Red Top) for $49. It was a little overdone, and I specified "warm red center" rather than expecting us to agree on "medium rare". Worse, it was dry, took a lot of chewing to work through, and was just not flavorful. This was not a steak cooked by someone who knew how to cook meat.
Minor but part of the experience: I found the ambience quirky and funky in a good way, but the music was just weirdly awful: mainstream 80s/90s hits (I think I remember The Cars, for example) that didn't go with the decor or the price of the place at all.
If I'd paid $35 or $40 for this experience, I'd shrug it off. But I paid $85 with tax and tip, and for that amount of money I expect good food.
EDIT: Thanks to Troy C from the restaurant for posting an apology and the kind offer to try their food again. Unfortunately I received no response when I tried to accept the offer by messaging here and on Facebook.I have been here 4 or 5 times since my original review and every time the service and food has been excellent.  The fingerling potato tartine is absolutely out of this world, and they always prepare my steak perfectly.  The service here is excellent and is so appreciated.  Keep up the good workValue not Great. Had seafood app and flight of steak. Waygu was great obviously. Staff was great.We came here last week to celebrate our Mom's birthday and couldn't have been happier with the food, the ambiance, or the service. The food was incredible and our server, Casey, was so wonderful, explaining in great detail each part of the menu and answering any question we had. It is obvious she truly cares about her customers and loves her job. The meal was so nicely paced; we were never rushed and were given the time to celebrate that was so appreciated. We talked about how we will be back as we were leaving and think Casey deserves a raise! Also, don't forget to try out the cheese cart. So delicious! Thank you Casey and Urban Farmer for a great night!PHILADELPHIA, PA: Came in on President's Day for a brunch.  The ambience is cozy and kitsch, the service was friendly but slow, like they forgot about me slow.  Food was delicious.
Charcuterie Board (4 Stars): Three choice meats, mostly bison mixes, and some delicious pickled veggies.
Shaved Sirloin Eggs Benedict (4.5 Stars): This was delicious, with a mixture of gravy and Hollandaise.Wow, wow, wow. Decor and atmosphere is AMAZING. My wife and I were gifted two glasses of wine. Food is delicious, the English muffin with whipped butter and jelly is to DIE for. I meant to take pictures but was too wrap up in the food and decor.Seriously if you have not tried this place you are missing out. Our server Drew was top notch. He guided us and our 3 year old though the whole meal, and rolled with all of our punches. 
Our meal started out with the cheese monger walking us through the featured cheeses of the night. His descriptions were spot on and we thoroughly enjoyed all of our selections complete with the accoutrements. We decided on the extended steak sampler which of you have never tasted different cuts of the same type of meat this is a true crowd pleaser. Do not miss the fingering potato side dish. Seriously you have not lived until you had these potatoes. I might not ever be able to look at fingerlings the same way. The street corn added a bit of kick to our meal and the carrots and turnips, more-so the turnips, were out of this world. 
They make incredible cocktails and have a wine list that is sure to please. If you have a question just ask and they will help! 
They do have a kids menu that has some nice offerings and they are good with kids who doesn't love steak and Mac and Cheese...
They really made us feel special on our anniversary which we have not had such an experience since we were married. They really pulled out all the stops. If you are looking for a steakhouse look no further. They have won our hearts with side dishes that rival the steaks which is a hard feat in this city.This was my first time at Urban Farmer, and I must say I was impressed. Decor and atmosphere were welcoming. For sides, We went with the recommendations of our server, Brussel Sprouts, Candied Bacon, Layered Potato Tart. I enjoy them all however, 95% of my bacon slice was fat, guess I just picked the short straw this time around. I had the Flatiron which what cooked to perfection. The service was great, Servers were very knowledgeable of the menu and answered my questions regarding certain items. Overall, great meal, great experience, I will be coming back I for sure!Great service, beautiful ambiance. The steaks were expensive but delicious.  I would recommend this place for social occasions.Reservations was easy. Walked from Embassy Suites took about 3 minutes. Hostess was very pleasant. Sara took our orders but not before explaining the full out idea of this restaurant. Fresh baked corn bread! Wagyu rib eye steak!We were glad to have this restaurant in our hotel due to the frigid weather. The service was good and so was the food. I do think they are Trying to be highbrow while missing the comfort food angle.  Breakfast can be simple and lovely at the same time . Waffle? Gorgeous. Honey Biscuit plate? Too fussy.I came here for lunch today and really enjoyed it, probably in part because I didnt pay for it.  The lunch menu was quite pricey.  I ordered a bacon burger with avocado and it was $20. I must say though, it's hands down one the best burgers in center city. It was served on a delicious freshly baked english muffin. The bacon was thick and crispy. The burger tasted so fresh and was cooked to perfection. The cheese was pretty sharp which I love. The aioli was tasty. The burger was served with delicious steak cut fries. 
The place has a modern yet rustic feel. It looks like a farm-to-table spot. The decor is inviting and the seating is spacious and comfortable. However, the sandwiches were the only reasonably priced things in the menu. The steaks were pricey. The salads looked really good but were also pricey if you added protein. 
To end on a positive note, I tried a piece of the wedge Caesar salad and it was really good. I also tried the deviled eggs which were delicious. This is also a great spot for drinks. There is a nice big bar inside, plus outdoor seating. It is located right on the beautiful Ben Franklin Parkway.Well, well. Stay at the hotel and to my surprise best restaurant I have eaten at within a hotel. 
Great service, great food and everyone was so damn nice. 
As for the food. Well as you can see I ordered the short rib hash was just amazing!  Eggs were cooked to perfection with a touch of hollandaise sauce. 
The omelette looked good but their hash brown potatoes were out of this world. Tasted like perfect potato pancake. 
A must try for breakfast or better yet brunch if your in the city.