Stepping into this place feels like being transported to another land, and for that reason I like it. It may be called Uzbekistan, but it seems like the waitresses are all Russian. From a non-Russian perspective, the service was not intimidating as it tends to be in Russian restaurants. In fact, it was rather on the nice side, though a bit inattentive (in proper Russian fashion, I suppose). 
The Russian potato salad (Olivie) was nice and creamy with a good mix of vegetables. The lagman noodle soup was good as well, with a rich, earthy, almost gamey taste (probably from the lamb) and tender chunks of meat floating among hand-drawn noodles. Sadly, they were out of the plov so we tried the stroganoff, which came with sides of mashed potatoes and thinly-julienned garlicky carrots. The stroganoff wasn't bad, but not spectacular either. The bread they serve here is amazing though, warm and chewy with a great crust. And the kebabs were tasty as well: the chicken was delicious and juicy, but the skirt steak was just a tad too tough and well-done (the steak kebabs are much better but the chicken kebabs are comparable at Shish Kebab Palace). The Chilean sea bass kebab was perfectly tender and delicious. They come out to about $1.50 per cube, but hey, it's an expensive fish. The lamb ribs were also tasty, but quite small and not very meaty. I guess it's more of a flavor experience. Maybe the lamb chops are a better choice, or just regular lamb kebabs. 
The only slightly annoying thing about this place was that they somewhat sneakily charged us an extra 10% for service, but nowhere does it state (nor did they mention to us) that a 10% tip was already included. So it made for some confusion and at first we were unsure if there was some error, and then we were unsure how much tip we should leave on top of that. So if you do come here, be sure to check your bill at the end. Also, Uzbekistan is quite a trek from Philly, so I probably won't be coming back with any regularity.My husband is from Tajikistan, one of Uzbekistan's neighboring -stans. He took one look at the menu and announced that we were going!
When we arrived, we discovered that the back parking lot was packed and about 90% of our fellow patrons were speaking Russian, so we were immediately optimistic, and Uzbekistan did not disappoint. 
It was really hard to order - so many beloved foods on the menu, and at such reasonable prices! We eventually decided on:
* Lepyoshka (bread), which was piping hot, crusty on the outside, and soft inside. My husband was in heaven - residential ovens in America simply cannot mimic the delicious breads that emerge from the family tandoor back home.
* "Korean" carrot salad, which as far as I know is not actually Korean, but is delicious. I hate raw carrots and I can't get enough of this salad, that is how good it is.
* Ukrainian borsch. The best borsch I have ever eaten was made for one of my college Russian classes by our Ukrainian professor. Uzbekistan's did not top - or even equal - his, but it was delicious and authentic.
* Goluptsi, or stuffed cabbage, a favorite of our kids. I prefer it with ground beef, rather than chicken, but it was tasty anyway.
* Pilov Samarkand - my husband has been craving plov since moving to the Philly area because I've never got the hang of cooking it and he doesn't have time. This was a very authentic and delicious Central Asian pilaf, very similar to what his mom and sisters-in-law cook, with the extra bonus of being lamb (they usually use beef, because it's cheaper.)
* Lamb shish kebab - not as tender as my husband's but very tasty
* Lamb rib kebab - super rich due to the fat content
* Lula kebab - a blend of ground lamb and beef, also rich and delicious
To add to the fun, we were seated in the garden and there was a large party nearby with live folk music (Russian, Irish, and something else). It was a great evening and we look forward to many more!Worst experience ever. If you have so many customers, perhaps hire more servers. People were getting wrong orders. Servers are getting maaf arrey each other.. no coordination at all.I love this place! The food is incredibly delicious, I can't think of a single dish that I've had there that I did not absolutely love. Service is really good, the outdoor sitting area has been expanded recently, and is a nice place to enjoy the weather and the food. 
The restaurant caters if the order is over $100.I live two minutes from this restaurant and have passed it for years. It has now become a regular spot. The food is absolutely amazing. Do not be intimidated, there is something for everybody. I love the rice, all skewers, borscht, salads, bread, literally everything. Carrot salad is also a favorite, and i love the beef stroganoff and stuffed cabbage as well. Food is relatively inexpensive, and it's quality. Be warned, service is very slow. Go here,you won't regret it!The food is great, and it reminded me about my home city Samarkand. If I m back in Philadelphia I m definitely stopping by. Their home made flat non ( leposhki ) is the best. Only one thing they can do is not to mix beef and lamb in so many dishes, some people who doesn't eat lamb they can't try the dish. Aslo i wish they served  beer in the restaurant. Overall its a good family restaurant.I was a little hesitant to come here, because I wasn't sure if I would like the food.  I'm so glad that I did come because it was soooooo good!  The service was good, and servers were friendly. My husband and I ordered a variety of different things, and everything was excellent. The vareniki with potatoes, manti, and samsa were soooooo good! My husband also got a few kabobs that were excellent.If you're in the mood for something out of the ordinary this is the place to go. Arthur and his team offer a warm and inviting place to have a meal with family and friends. The best advice I can give is to bring a six pack or a bottle of wine and just choose at random from the menu. I have had over the last few years everything on it and the food is phenomenal. Arthur also always has something special cooking that's off the menu too.My most recent trip to this business was this past Sunday for a birthday celebration and it was great!  Before the actual review, a little background first. Interesting to note that many years ago, the building was an actual home!  I would estimate that the building itself is easily over 100 years old.  Also, this is not the first restaurant at this location; many years ago, it was a Spanish restaurant named "La Paella Tio Pepe".  Once the owner decided to retire, it became "Valentino's" for a brief time, until that closed.  Uzbekistan, which was actually across the street, decided to relocate to where they currently are and the rest is history.
I think the actual fact that you are walking into what was once a home adds to the comfort and pleasantness of this place.  There is not too much seating inside, so when it is warm outside, you will find lots of tables set up in the patio courtyard in front of the restaurant where patrons eat and drink heartily, and share many laughs, conversations, and toasts at this BYOB establishment.  Additional seating is available in a tent-enclosed and heated space directly behind the restaurant.  
In terms of the service, our particular waitress was extremely gracious and handled our party with aplomb.  We ordered items such as salads (Greek Salad, Achik-Chuk), Shashlik, Potatoes, Pelmeni, bread (Tandoori), and of course the Lagman soup, which is a meal unto itself.  Needless to say, we were all satisfied by the food and its execution which made for a very pleasant evening.  
The majority of people who eat here are repeat customers!! :)I lovee this place, the hot bread, salads, borsht, the kabobs, the compote, the potatoes. Followed by delectable desserts accompanied by their signature black tea. Everything here is absolutely amazing. Byob, I really enjoy dining el fresco on their front patio with my friends and family.
Only gave 4 stars because the parking lot is so bad. It is large but covered in gravel and in desperate need of paving.I LOVE this place. A friend and I walked into this place a few years ago. I grabbed a menu at the door and was immediately intimidated because it was in Russian so we turned around and started to walk out. All of a sudden we heard someone call out and ask why we were leaving. I kind of laughed a bit nervously and explained I wouldn't have the first clue what to order. He said don't worry, come. So we sat down and dish after dish of AMAZING food came out. After we had bread, soup, kabobs, potatoes, salads....I thought wow! This is amazing I'm so full! To my surprise, the main course came out! We were scared thinking wow this bill is gonna be huge. We ate and waited for the bill. I could not believe my eyes when I saw it. The food was not only amazing, but everything was reasonably priced. Needless to say, I've taken my family, my friends, everyone to this place. You won't be disappointed! 
Btw, turns out the "guy" who called us back was the owner! I really appreciate that he took a second to call us back and help us have a really nice evening and experience all that Uzbeki food has to offer. :)Good Russian/Uzbek food, although I highly recommend you make reservations, especially if you show up on a weekend. It is definitely a popular spot among the Russian/Uzbek community and we were fortunate to be given a table at the hour we showed up. The service was okay, probably a personal feeling because we weren't from the Uzbek community and didn't make reservations, but the food more than made up for the service. 
We had the Lagman Soup, Pilov Samarkand (Fried Rice), Chicken Kebab, Fried Chicken Ravioli, Tandoori Bread and Baklava. They all tasted great and the price was very fair for the portions we received.The service sucks and food is very oily and wasn't fresh . Was looking to eat homemade Russian food which I grew up with but this was not it definitely don't recommend it ! Yes the waitress to make sure that the shish kebab was well done because I am pregnant she brought me a raw chicken pretty much. On  top of that offered us a salad and bread not telling me that it's going to be an extra $25 on my bill and when I got the bill it was shocking so why would you offer me bread and salad and I told Me that it cost extra moneyDefinitely the best Russian restaurant in PA at the moment. Really great food and nice place. 
The only one minus is that it's ALWAYS overcrowded so you have to reserve place before you go there or you'll eat at pavilion at backyard.Went with a party of 8 and tried various food and plates and not one dish was disappointing. BYOB was great and the combination of meat, picked vegetables and side dishes were amazing! For the size of the party, the food came out quicker than expected and there's not one dish I would not recommend. For authentic Uzbek food, this place is a must.I liked it.  I love about the Philly area is that it's BYOB in most places and they dont even charge a corkage fee.  Nice to know my uncle was driving around town with a huge bottle of riesling in his trunk. heehee
This place is small.  The place looks big on the outside but im thinking the kitchen took up most of the space.  It does have a bar and outside patio dining.  Make sure you call in advance and reserve a table---that place is straight up hopping even on a night when the Eagles are playing on the Saints home turf.  That doesnt really matter because the whole time we were there, the TV screens were locked on the Russian version of Paris By Night.  I wanted to ask if they would consider switching it to the game but the men at our table said no.  
I love the seabass shish kabob---you know seabass aint cheap but it was reasonably priced portion on a stick complete with grilled onions and bell peppers.  So yums.  Also ordered the cheburek; a fried meat turnover, that sucker was bigger and better than the meatpies we have here in town.  Reasonable price too. I love the flakiness of the crust, awesomeness, it wasnt thick crust.  It came out piping hot.  That reminds me, they bring out this hot bread with butter that fills you up so take it easy if you fill up easy on carbs.
At the table, there is a type of salsa and of course some cream that they put in cups with spoons so you can ladle as much as you want into your soups or other dishes.  Very carby food--uncle at the straganoff which had mash potatoes and carrots.  
Overall, I would definitely be back there again. Oh! How could I forget the dessert---napoleon, thank god i didnt get the honey cake because it sounds sweet.  Baklava was on the menu and i was like "definitely no."  
Ill be back!The best kababs in town! Rest of the central Asian dishes are great too... Rice pilaf, Uzbek bread. When we lived in Philly, we frequented this place. So whenever we visit our relatives in PA, we make it our custom to eat here!Been there at least 50 times took many many people over the years walked in with another couple with never been there got seated in a really nice table this other clearly Russian couple came in demanded our table and they had a us move but since it it just occurred we didn't really care so we moved well this was this other couples first time there and the food was some was good some was terrible and we told them that the stuff cabbage was really terrible we sent most of the back at the end of the day and you know what they charged us for it anyway we tell them we don't take onions raw onions on any plates that came out with raw onions we send them back okay this other couple they wanted a potato pierogies absolutely no Spice in the potato whatsoever and of course we also told them that I didn't appreciate being bumped it's a 4-person table you took us out for these two people at least without  or even this couple saying thank you so needless to say after all these years going there since they opened we're not going backExcellent food all around. Never been here before but came because of the reviews and was not disappointed. Eggplant appetizer is unbelievable and the stuffed cabbage was delicious . Their lemonade is not lemonade more like soda. Highly recommended and make reservations even mid week. The staff seem very attentive!I have had this place on my list of places to try for some time. My 8 year old son agreed to go with me. We have a tradition of eating out together on days he has off from school. 
So we made our way to this place and entered a little haven of Uzbekistan. The place was dark and we were the first for lunch. We were given menus and our drinks were ordered. 
My son was not certain what to think, so I steered him in some directions he may like. 
He ordered a chicken soup with meatball. It was a strongly flavored vegetable broth. Tasting of cabbage and other vegetables. It came with two large balls of meat and a piece of chicken still on the bone, It was a large bowl. 
We also ordered the tandori bread and this was a plate sized piece of bread that was more than we could handle. It was delicious and warm. 
I ordered two items to be sure I had more ethnic food for the table. 
I ordered a small dumpling with cherry inside, blackberry jam and sour cream. This was tart and sweet. The dumplings were bite sized. A large full plate came out with these. 
I also ordered a "Manti" a meat stuffed dumpling that was flavorful. It was slightly greasy, but delicious. It had a South Asian flavor to it, maybe cummin? I do not know. But, I was reminded of flavors when I traveled in South Asia. 
So the place is small in size and kind of quirky. They had a foreign TV station playing in all corners of the restaurant. My son was taken by it. All I could gather is some kind of talent show or something like that. Lots of singing and people dressed in weird costumes. It made the lunch interesting. 
We were the only people in the restaurant speaking English as well. So, you know that this food has to be authentic. The restaurant became busy shortly after we arrived. Many appeared to be regulars as well. 
I would recommend this as an ethnic gem.The best thing about this restaurant is the fresh warm bread they bring out in the beginning.  Unfortunately everything else was sub-par.  The soups were bland, the salads barely had any dressing on them, and the lamb was nicely burned.  I did enjoy the dessert and i can say the waitresses worked very hard and were super sweet.  Unfortunately, I can not say the food was anything great.We go to this place with my family at least 10 times a year and have a great time, went today with my mom and sister, were sat and then ignored for 25 minutes, no hello, water anything. We tried to flag down a server and the room was only 1/4 occupied and just one larger table that was already served outside.  We decided to leave after we couldn't get any service, it sucks because I really like this place but my mom will never come again.Food was fantastic, unique and reasonably priced.  It's a little off the beaten path but well worth the drive if you want a little bit different experience.  It was my second time here and it was just as good as the first.  Came once for dinner and once for lunch.  Both fantastic!  Even made a believer out of my husband who is not always easy to please.  Recommend beef stroganoff, lamb skewers, cheburek, borsch and even the tea was an unexpected flavorful experience with candied walnuts.  Don't miss this place!  (Service was a little slow but you won't even care once you get your food!). We ordered 6 items and the whole lunch bill was $39 + tip.hoh g othe of the hoIt is a neighborhood gem.  Tasty food reasonable price and very traditional Uzbekistan food.  Eggplant salad and dumpling are really highlighted dishes . BYOB is a huge plus for local people.  One star off is that those waitresses are less attending possible because their English are relatively limited and their check is already added 10% tip.  Overall a great place to enjoy home cooking of middle Asia.You know a restaurant is legit when you come across many natives. The Pilaf Samarkand is absolutely wonderful and other than a couple unfortunate sittings (small portion+undercooked and obviously stale, old rice) ... It has truly been on point. Be sure to order some kebabs while you are it because who doesn't love chicken/meat grilled to perfection? The prices are very affordable and the portions size will leave you content and stuffed. 
I would love to try one of the soups and a couple of the appetizers next time around. Probably a good idea since the choices on the menu are more of a hit than a miss.I really want to hate this place. The service is terrible & the owner is rude but the food is too good to dismiss it altogether. Their new location is much better with more seating which includes outdoors. The inside tables they have mostly kept for large parties and they have enclosed the outside porch so they can heat it and seat there year round. 
The star of their food is the lamb and chicken shish kabob (shaslik). Fresh, well marinaded, and not dried out. Their samsa (samosa) is also very good, not too fatty, but a nice balance of the lamb/beef meat mix, onions and fat all baked in a sesame roll. They serve fresh leproshka bread as well. I would also recommend the house compote (fruit juice) drink. They make it fresh and it has the right balance of sweet and tart and is very refreshing on a hot summer evening. Like I said there isn't much I can complain about in regard to the food especially for the price.HOLY MOLY THIS PLACE IS SO FUN AND DELICIOUS!!!!!! Try all the salads and the meat sticks and the dumplings and the tandoori bread. Everything is so good. The best part is the people you will find eating around you. They were huge groups of people sitting around tables in the tent an inside dining FOR HOURS. Each table had SEVERAL whole bottles of top shelf liquor they BYOB'ed. And the whole group kept getting up to go smoke cigarettes, leaving the table, and then coming back all at once to keep enjoying their meal. 
BRING A GROUP AND BRING A LOT OF LIQUOR. I can't wait to go back and float into a delicious vodka and lamb fueled ecstasy.On Black Friday we drove to Phila and one reason was to go waaaay up here in the far Northeast because of family ties to the country of Uzbekistan (brother serving there with State Department). We sort of invaded a restaurant that was almost entirely set up for a massive private party and yet we were seated, served and well-fed on short notice. Bread was outrageous, plov better than we had at another Uzbek place in Maryland that's kind of mediocre, and the meats were excellent, also. Want to come back when we can sit outside and BYOB. (Some of the guests at that party were extremely well-dressed; this is not a place to come looking like you started to go out for pizza and just happened to change your mind...)I wish someone would have told me how amazing Uzbek food was. The foods served at Chaikhana were truly gourmet, and of good quality. If only I would have known earlier...
My husband & I ordered to share: 1) Ukrainian Borscht, 2) Lagman, 3)Manti, 4) Beef & Lamb Kebab, 5) Uzbeki Bread. My husband loved the borscht so much, and so did I. It was delicious! Lagman was interesting but not my most favorite, and reminded me of an Asian noodle soup. Manti was an Uzbek version of steamed dumplings w/ a twist (w/ sour cream dipping) - tasty but not my most favorite. Beef & Lamb kebabs are to die for! The most juiciest, savory kebabs I have ever eaten. And that uzbeki bread - WOOOOW! Please do order that wonderful bread w/ your soup. 
Service was wonderful. Our waitress was very attentive, and friendly. It was delicious, and if I ever decide to travel to Pennsylvania again in the near future, I would come back here for the borscht, bread, and kebabs! Highly recommended!Great food with exceptional service!  Bonus points that it's a BYOB!Oh, Uzbekistan, I never knew a restaurant could be both bewildering and enchanting!
As the service is slow, take it easy on the sugary kompot and play "Mystery Science Theater" with the absurd Eastern European television programs silently glowing in the background.
The kebabs and palov were delightful, but take warning, eating too much meat here may induce feelings of blurry drunkenness.Uzbekistan never disappoints me. The borscht is out of this world. Service is excellent. The seating and atmosphere is impressive. Now the parking lot is partially paved. I love the kebobs, potatoes, salads and bread. The black tea and compote. Everything is delicious. Bring your appetite!We visited Uzbekistan during my brother Jesse's Bachelor party weekend in Philadelphia. I had been once before a few years ago and had to go back.  The outside area was closed on a Thursday so we ate inside.  The dinning room is quaint but welcoming.  It is BYOB so we brought our trusty bottle of Vodka with us and had a seat.  My dad was a little uneasy because he had never brought a bottle of liquor into restaurant.  It was not a problem at all.  The server brought us sipping glasses and we drove on.  We ordered the bread, (2) achicka chuck salads, homemade potatoes and shish-kebabs (chicken, lamb, lamb rib, beef).  Everything was sooooo good.  I live in Richmond, VA now and am kinda glad this place isn't near me because I can't stop eating it. The loaf of bread was large puffy and had a great crust.  It paired with the tomato and onion salad.  Jesse and Dad loved everything but especially enjoyed the chicken kebab.  Myself, I preferred the lamb and lamb rib kebab.  I can't say enough good things about the food other than it just "perfect".  The place was packed on our arrival and we had about a 15 minute wait.  This was not a problem, we stood at the bar area but the hostess /waitresses who sat us did not make us feel very welcome.  No smile and seemed a little bothered.  Our waitress during the meal was a little better but not what I would call friendly.  Regardless, we came to eat and the food was excellent so I'm overlooking the service and chaulking it up to "Cultural Differences"
Food: 5 Star
Service: 3:0 Star
Ambiance: 4.0 StarI went there for a birthday dinner a couple months ago and it's not fancy at all but has great service and amazing food at a really affordable price. Plenty of vegetarian options as well as a delicious lamb plate! Highly recommend!!Service still sucks!!!!!!  Waitresses are beyond clueless. Food is ok.. The beef stroganoff is different every time I go in. No consistency what so ever except for the crappy service and long wait time.First time in the area. It was very good. All of the dishes were so flavorful, and authentic. The service was attentive, and knowledgeable. The value for the servings is very generous. I can't wait to return to try so many more things! .Food was amazing. I'm on a limited diet so I only had the tomato onion salad, & 2 kebabs, lamb & salmon. Delish. The sauce they give you with the lamb is so good, I took extra home & have been pouring it on everything! Can't wait to return with my husband. It's a 40 min drive & totally worth it. 
Also, I fell in love as soon as I walked in. It is like every typical eatery in Germany or Bavaria. It is just so perfect I was instantly transported to a lifetime ago when I traveled Europe extensively. Love love love. 
Do not go there in a hurry. I suspect it's a scratch kitchen & a lot is saved to prepare upon order. So, relax & enjoy the ambience!It's a decent place and eatable food, however, the food tastes nothing like it supposed to.The kabobs tastes good but small portions of meat combating to the price. Especially the rice with lamb had tiny pieces on the top.My former coworker was dying for me to try Plov (Lamb and rice Pilaf) and I do not regret it at all! This savory dish made me want more and more. I also paired Plov with a lamb and chicken Kebob that was roasted to perfection. Despite how oily the food is, the flavors are complex and delicious. 
I sat outside which was very nice and the servers were attentive and friendly. The enclosure gives you enough privacy that you forget busy Bustleton Ave. is on the otherside of the fence.After a slow and monotonous 40 minute cab ride from Penn's Landing, we finally made it to this relatively unknown gem in Northeast Philly.
We seated ourselves in the patio and a couple of minutes later placed our order - Lula Kebab, Manti and Plov. The food took a little longer than expected but I kept myself entertained but observing the diverse crowd. The table behind us had a party of about six people. Drinking, eating and drinking some more. Vodka and beer being passed around like prohibition just ended. It's was a  pleasant atmosphere to be honest.
The food finally arrived. Fresh and flavorful - you'd have to be a picky SOB not to like it.
Manti came with a little cup of yogurt and the Lula Kebab with a red sauce I didn't care too much for. The Plov was sweet and savory. Next time I'll remember to ask them the name of the rice they used.
4 stars because I think they can tweak their service just a little. It's not hard.Food here is so good! I've never had Russian cuisine before.
Make sure to come early because the food runs out later in the night. Additionally, the service isn't very good because my waitress disappeared multiple times in the night.
I need to come again and try their more popular dishes.Great food, very fresh and tasty. Prices are reasonable and customer service is nice as well. Large parking lot in the back . We ordered , Greek salad , plov, lamb and mantu. Everything was excellent. Thank youThis place is so cheap and wonderful!! I loved basically everything that we ordered that night. The kabobs, Moscow fish,  tomato salad, borscht soup, manti, bread, baklava, and neopolitan. All of it - loved loved loved. I really wanted to try the plov because i was told that it's pretty tasty, but it was sold out for the evening. So sad!! I guess next time bc i will for sure be back.
They get pretty packed on the weekends so don't forget to make a reservation!After a few months of buying Uzbek ingredients from my local store I wanted to try the real deal, and this is definitely the place to do it! 
I convinced my family to try something new, and everyone was pleased--we have picky eaters in the family.
The setting is very rustic and homey with white textured walls, brick detailed arches and wooden chairs with tall backs. The restaurant is broken up a bit with arches and columns, giving you a little privacy, but never feeling like you're cut off from the wait staff. 
As for the food, it's wonderful! It seems like the items are designed to be shared with the table, so get a bunch of things and dig in. If you can, get the bread. It's light, crunchy on the outside, fluffy on the inside. If you get the shish kabob know it comes on one stick with onions. Sides are separate. Also the ravioli are small sized, in a small portion, so it can paired with something else. I had the eggplant salad (it's a bit similar to babaganoush) and the manti (large meat dumplings) and everything was great. The dumplings have a thin doughy outside, filled with meat and diced onions softened from the meat's juices. 
Are you hungry yet?OK- I probably should have taken notes because I  may not get the names of the food right but I'll do my best.
Went for lunch on a Saturday and it was moderately crowded.Brought wine and believe we were charged a small service fee for it (no problem- fair).The food was consistently excellent. We had borsch(borscht?),chicken ravioli(really good),some kind of tandoor bread with meat,lamb kebab(first rate),a special bread that I don't think was on the menu(get it),a not bad baklava with chocolate and expresso.It was really cheap!Everything was hot. The service was not overly friendly but not unfriendly and that suits me fine.I'm not out to bond with the waitresses.
A comment on the atmosphere: there are TV's all over the place and they are playing Russian and I guess Uzbek videos.Normally that would annoy me but they weren't too loud and I found them entertaining,Mostly dapper young rich men dancing around with models and having stylized encounters.Sometimes a dorky looking fat guy turns up but he sings you see and he gets to score with hot models too.In one the dorky looking guy gets married.it's fun and funny!Ultimate place for comfort food is right.  It's so successful, there are tons of Uzbek knock-offs in the area now.  Haven't really tried them, as this is so good.This place is pretty good to spend time with your family and friends. Good food and not overpriced. BYOB for those who can't relax without it. Polite staff.
Will be coming here more often.Finally revisited Uzbekistan in April and it was warm enough to sit outside and we had a relaxed and excellent combination of bread, plov, salad and stroganoff. Then we went to the nearby Net Cost Market, which despite its name is a breathtakingly authentic Russian supermarket featuring fabulous deli stuff and smoked fish, which we hauled back to Baltimore and ate on for the rest of the weekend.Everything here is excellent. The food and the atmosphere. The borsht, kabobs and compote are my favorites.Went back again with my parents.  I had totally different dishes and all were wonderful.  Service was also pretty good, though not amazing.  I took a better picture of the menu, since they don't have one online.Love this place! Best meat ever! The food is consistent and authentic, the atmosphere is very "traditional" in a Russian sense, with loud parties and good and dangerous looking people staring you up. As an expat I love going here for the taste of the past. Don't miss the cheburek, lamb and skirt steak kabobs, Greek salad, plov and potatoes.Very tasty food! Good food for real! 
Shish kebob (all kinds) home made fried potato with mushroom, samsa, khachapuri, bread very good! 
Affordable food. Good for small and big groups! I've been there multiple times and would love to go back every single time!
A bit crowded and noisy but Good!The place is really nice.  The food was great especially the pilaf and samsas, but the service was VERY VERY slow.  Took more than an hour to get our food.  And there were long periods between food.  Kebabs should not take that long.  For that I can only give it 3.5. 
I'll try it again.  Hopefully next time the service will improve.They got delicious juicy kebabs! I took my friends few times there and they loved the place. I would recommend Uzbekistan as the best place in Philly to try Russian food.Absolutely love the food and atmosphere. I'm so thrilled they finally paved the center of the parking lot :)
The shish kabobs are MUCH better here than at Lava. So is the sauce and potatoes and service. The red sauce they serve with the kabobs is amazing. I love the black tea and borsht and bread. Everything  here is perfection.I took a party of seven to celebrate my sister's graduation; she's been studying this part of the world.  We sat in the tent, brought a few bottles of wine, and left the ordering to my sister.  We had a family-style feast, all left stuffed, for an amount I have paid for just my husband and I to eat a fancy meal.  I couldn't believe it.
Obviously, I got to taste a lot, and I remember the names of almost nothing.  But everything was really delicious.  The fact that, by my estimation, we were the only people in the big, crowded restaurant not from the Ukraine, Russia, or somewhere nearby tells me those looking for authentic regional cuisine will be satisfied.  But I think that it's also a great choice for those who, like me, are unfamiliar with the region.  
Service was... fine.  I don't know how comfortable I would have been without a Russian speaker.  Also, in the tent they had big TV screens where they were playing very weird Euro '80s pop videos.  It was really distracting; I hate televisions at restaurants!Tried this place with few of my friends and have to say this place was point! We tried almost every single kebab on the menu and there wasn't one kebab that I can say bad about. All the kebab's were cooked to perfection and tasted excellent. Other than the kebabs we also ordered 2 breads and pilav. Bread was also freshly cooked straight from the oven. It was one of the best bread I've tasted. Everything was excellent at this place, but the pilav. I ordered the pilav and it was very disappointing. It just didn't look or tasted right. Honestly the pilav was way below average. Although the pilav was kind of disappointing I was very happy with everything else. For past many years I only drove by this place, but last week was the first time I actually tried this epic place. I sure will be coming back for more.Okay so first and foremost let me be an unbiased Russian-speaking critic. I understand that most of the reviews for this restaurant are from biased patrons. For Americans coming to eat here are a few things to keep in mind:
1) Customer Service will be BAD. That's just how it is. You have to deal with it and not take it personally. So I will not take stars off for this. 
2) The owner of this place is a jerk. Which is probably why the wait staff is miserable and you are receiving bad customer service. He kinda looks like part of the Russian mob/alcoholic so it adds to the whole true experience. 
3) If you are sitting inside expect to see trashy music videos playing over and over again. This can be a pro or a con depending on how you look at it. It's the authentic Russian experience. 
This is not traditional Russian or Ukrainian cuisine. It's better!
Things to get: HACHIPURI!!! But it must be ordered in advanced because of the preperation times. 
Shashlik is amazing!
The bread with butter is incredible and will send your taste buds into euphoria. 
Overall: come here for the FOOD. Not the customer service or ambiance. Also it's a BYOB which is great. Bring a few bottles or Vodka or Whisky and shot glasses will be provided. 
P.S. For my Northeast Philly people reading this...GET OUT MORE. Philly is an awesome foodie city that extends beyond Uzbek (as all the locals call it).
Will I continue coming here for years and years. Yes. The food is amazing and if your with a good group you will have an awesome time.The dining experience was excellent for my party of 12.  The food is amazing and the service was great. The dishes recommends by the owner for the party were spot on and the atmosphere in the back garden was like being in a different country. Many thanks for the experience.So I'm actually from Uzbekistan (The Country) and my family makes food all the time. I stumbled upon this place by accident and I fell in love instantly. The food is close to, if not authentic. Its hard to find authentic Uzbekistan places but this place is good. The food was amazing, and cheap. No complaints there. Lost a star because it's hard to know where to go to get proper service. When I found the counter they looked confused so it was a little awkward. Service was okay I can't complain because I took my food Togo since I was working. If you're from/near the Brooklyn, NU area there is a place Called Nargis the food is also really good Uzbek food there. Also really good prices.Seriously? This place is delicious!! Also, the prices are ridiculously cheap!! The downside is that the service is super super slow (both times, we were waiting and waiting and waiting for someone to take our orders and then for someone to take our checks - you basically have to flag someone down) so I'd recommend it if you have time to spare, but not if you're in a rush.
Now the food. Their salad with tomatoes and a lemon dressing is wonderful! The greens are fresh and the dressing tastes home made. Also, it's the size of a dinner salad. We also got the home made noodles (so delicious!!) with some kind of beef stew on the top and the kabobs. Both the shrimp and the beef were delicious!
Most importantly, though, they have the best baklava I've ever had!! If you're planning on getting dessert, this is a must try!
Also, they have a nice outdoor dining area which is beautiful!Wow, great place and great food!!!This was the first time we went to this place.   Based on the reviews. I was a bit worried about the service.  To my surprise we had great service, and as i said before the food was excellent.   I spoke with who i believe was the manager,  when she asked me how we found out about the place,  i said Yelp,  and told her of my reservations based on the reviews of service,  she explained on the weekends the plane gets packed and the kitchen can't always keep up with the orders.   I guess if you expect to wait,  you'll be prepared.   We will definitely return,  and I'll be sure to bring some friends tooMy wife is from Uzbekistan and she talks of this place as being authentic and maybe even better than the food from back home. Going here is a real taste of central Asian food.
The food here is always good, with special attention given to the Plof (pilaf) and the kabobs. I don't normally get the eastern European side of the menu, but I've heard it's good to. To eat the traditional way get a pot of tea and some bread to go with your meal, both are ridiculously cheap. The bread has always been fresh out of the oven when I've been, and the tea comes in a traditional teapot.
The place is always busy, and there are not a lot of servers, so don't expect a huge amount of servers to check in. Servers have always been friendly when I've been, and are always appreciative if you even attempt to speak Russian or pronounce the dishes properly.
I often go hear with American friends, and order family style as the menu is intended. We typically only end up paying $15 per person and leave stuffed. Great value in my opinion.
Oh, and it would be nice if ignorant people could stop calling it Russian. The owners are Uzbek, they are culturally central Asian (think Ghengis Khan), where as Russians are European (think blonde hair blue eyes). Just because they speak Russian doesn't make them Russian any more than speaking English makes all Americans British.Walking into Uzbekistan, I felt like I was stepping into a whole new world.  There were large parties indulging in food I had never seen before and speaking a language foreign to my ears.  We stood at the door for 5 minutes unsure of the protocol then walked into the bar area trying to flag down someone to guide us to a table.  The waitress that came out of the kitchen was carrying a large platter of kebabs and motioned us to the outside seating area.  Finally, we grabbed two menus and sat ourselves down.  
Although it was a rough start the rest of the night made up for it.  The food was impressive.  We started with borsch (cabbage soup with sour cream) and some stuffed bread (one was stuffed with ground meat and the other was stuffed with cheese).  For the main entree we had pilov (a rice pilaf cooked with shredded meat) and lamp kebab.  Then for dessert we ordered green tea and baklava.  The baklava was very different from the greek baklava that I am used to.  It was cakey and and chewy.  It wasn't covered with honey but was slightly sweetened.
Everything was delicious and tasted homemade.  We felt like we were eating at someone house rather than a restaurant.  Ingredients were fresh, full of flavor, and very comforting.  The best part the restaurant is the moderate price.  Most of the entrees ran under $10.  The portions are not very large so it's better to order several dishes to share.
I have always been fascinated by Russia/Uzbek cuisine and this place does a nice job.Uzbekistan is you authentic Uzbek cosine place. The place basically consists of very small dining tables a blasting loud Russian music channel. The food is generally tasty, that is of course when they do not forget to bring you what  you have ordered. In my opinion they are greatly understaffed which creates very annoyed customers constantly begging for waiters attention. If you go there try to get there in the early evening b'c you may not be able to get a table. The do make some nice dishes, and prices are generally very low. We stopped going there b'c of a very poor service and very loud tv on the wall.Good food! Specially for the price ! Will definitely come again as soon as I'm back !!!The worst place I have ever visited. SLOW SLOPPY AND MESSY.... Food has no flavor at all.. Waited almost 10-15 mins every time water needed filling or needed plates removed. Never again...I generally try to refrain from mentioning or plugging competitors in my reviews but I keep getting PM's & compliments asking me for the name of the place that I go instead of here. That would be Shish-Kabob Palace on Grant Ave. 
On a side note from driving by they have redesigned the outside patio area. Either the massive snow last winter destroyed their outdoor tent beyond repair or it didn't pass muster with the inspectors. Either way it looks like they are only going to be able to do outdoor seating in warm good weather now.
*I was informed that they have a huge enclosed patio in the back now that can hold 50+. So I guess you can still dine cold weather al fresco.Uzbekistan is really a fun time and great restaurant! This is a BYOB and everything I ordered from here is superb! I normally order the bread, lagman soup, pierogies chicken and lamb kabobs! Great place for large parties on the outdoor patio!Authentic, accommodating, delicious and cheap--this place has it all.
I truly felt like I traveled out of the country for the night, and was catered to by the best home cook in Russia. You will absolutely love this place, I guarantee it.Takes forever to even get a glass of water. They kebabs were very juicy and flavorful, the pilav on the other hand was so greasy, and the meat dry and chewy. It's a whatever experience. Really cheap thoughThe restaurant building, indeed, reminds Uzbeki restaurant - with small additional buildings, shacks, and vine trellises. For full impression, one only needs topchans in the tree shade, and some aryk (irrigation channel)  nearby.
There is a decent selection of traditional Central Asian dishes - palov, shurva, lagman, samsa, manty, non. And, most important, tea, which is served based on Uzbek tradition from large chainik (tea-pot) into piyalas. There is also a good variety of Russian stuff - borsch (both Ukranian and cold), vareniki, pelmeni, solyanka, and some Caucasian dishes, like chebureki. 
Years ago I traveled a lot across Central Asian republics of USSR, so I was able to appreciate the authenticity of the dishes we ordered (shurpa, manty, tea, Korean carrot salad).  Manty were good (maybe slightly overcooked), and shurpa was excellent.  And any soup may be ordered by half of the plate!  The waitresses were  friendly and suggestive. The prices were quite competitive - we spent about $44 for 3 persons.
The atmosphere of the place was quite genuine, with many decent-looking Russian-speaking customers humming around (with some Uzbeks) and Russian TV channel 2 entertaining us with some show. I don't know if this restaurant is owned by Uzbeks or Bukhara Jews, but it represents the Uzbeki cuisine well. One should understand that since there are not so many Uzbeks in Philadelphia, that's why the restaurant has to include there Russian and Caucasian dishes.  In overall, I highly recommend this restaurant, especially taking into account scarcity of good and affordable places in Philadelphia area.  One can visit it with friends, to spend evening or celebrate some event. And don't be afraid to invite US-born Americans - they would appreciate this place!Simply amazing and unexpected. You may leave extremely stinky from garlic but it's so worth it. The carrot appetizer is a must!this place is like eating in a time machine -- a delicious one that combines delectable onion meaty spicy doughs with prices from 1982.BYOB, kebabs - Russian food. Sunday night dinner.
Ok-I'm not quite convinced that this place is all people have been raving about-BUT I will give it another try.
The meat was TOO WELL DONE! and had no flavor-just add a lil' salt! The service was horrendous! It took forever to get anything and waiter came over to our table 4x throughout the night, once to get the order, once to bring the food and once to bring the check and another to collect the money. So we had no water, and no sauce and couldn't order dessert. it was the most unfriendly place, COLD, I have ever been to. There were only 4 tables there being served.
The soup here was not as flavorful and it was way smaller than expected. tomato onion salad was flavorless....just not our best time. Maybe next time.
Anyhow, I might be comparing it to our favorite place in the northeast, love the place over on Grant Ave-Shish Kebab.I had taken it for granted so far - but finally realized it - Uzbekistan's food quality consistency is THE BEST. Every time we go there (we've been customers for almost a year now) we get THE SAME DELICIOUS FOOD!
I have compared it to a couple of other restaurants with the same quisine - no other restaurant comes even close to the consistency and level of delectability (not sure if this is even a word) we get here. No matter when you go - week day or weekend - food is awesome. I am hooked for life!I was crazy homesick and craving some good homemade food that reminded me of my mom's food, that's when my boyfriend took me to this place. And let me tell you: you won't get disappointed. Coming from the Central Asia I can tell if the food is authentic or not, and it was! 
We ordered so much food I am almost ashamed to list here but you need to know what to try: 
1) eggplant salad is delicious (if you are not fun of raw garlic stay away, but if you love eggplants, this is your ultimate dish), 
2) lagman soup (a big plus for homemade pasta, I would just add more spices to it like Uighur people do since it is their traditional food), 
3) manty (steamed lamb dumplings, if you are wary of fat, you may find it a little bit fatty, but that's how it Is supposed to be), 
4) plov (pilaf or beef with rice and carrots, it was good, not too greasy, the meat could have been more tender, but it was still good) 
5) samsa (special clay oven baked bun with meat reminded me real Uzbek samsa that you'd buy on the street) 
6) Napoleon cake dessert: my boyfriend just loved it!!!! It is similar to milllefeuille, but with different Creme) 
The place is super busy on weekend, so definitely call ahead and make a reservation. We sat outside in the tent (and it was February), but we were not cold at all. I gave 5 star rating because I love the place that serves my home food.A good uzbeki russian restaurant. Try their Samarkand Pilav. Not a very great place, but not bad for one time.We hit this place for a birthday celebration and sat in the tents out back. It was great for our large party and the food was fantastic. We had lots of food served family style and my notable faves were the borscht soup and steak kebab's. 
The service was good, too, and the walks to the bathroom gave me a look inside the main interior of the restaurant, which is very crowded. 
Overall, I would definitely return here for another big party like this. The BYOB factor is only icing on the cake!Service really sucks here... the girls working here are rude however some of the food is good. They charge extra on top of the food so don't be surprised if some sort of "service fee" is seen in your check.This cozy little restaurant is a bit of a surprise. First impressions inside are that its a predominantly eastern european establishment with an affinity for kabobs, wine and yes-vodka. 
Color me impressed.The food is delicious-you have to come here for the kabobs. You simply can't go wrong with any order with the surplus of bread and rice at reasonable prices. I'm giving it 4/5 simply on the basis that our kabobs were slightly cold when they arrived. This could be due to the full house that seems to be the norm there. They simply have too much demand and not enough tables. 
Be prepared to wait at least 30 min after your reservation time. People take their time to leave their tables and so did we :-) 
The price is right!Ok so updating my update. This place is back into old bad habits. Cramming in as many people as possible to the point of you are literally rubbing elbows with the diners at the next tables. This has to violate all kinds of fire codes. Also the bread is no longer fresh. You are getting yesterday's bread re-warmed. Also no matter how you ask the lamb to be cooked it will come out well done and dry. Even if you tell them you want it bloody - as my boyfriend did - you will still get well done. I have moved on to greener and tastier pastures where there is leg room and fresh food.Amazing  restaurant with great food, particularly soups and meats and a wonderful atmosphere great place to bring a lot of wine and enjoy a long dinner.Delicious. 
I went here with my partner to celebrate Valentine's Day, and we had a FEAST with leftovers for maybe $20? Everything we ordered was great, but the stand-outs were: vareniki with cheese (sweet cheese dumplings with blackcurrant sauce and butter), the manti, and the bread. The bread! It came out piping hot, with a tender-crisp crunch and a pillowy interior equally perfect for sopping up sauce, eating with soup, or just devouring with a pat of butter. It was, no joke, the best bread I've had in Philadelphia. 
Do make reservations on the weekends. Maybe bring some vodka. Don't expect doting service. Go when you're hungry.I took my gf here on Saturday, 5/21, for dinner, and we had a good time.  It is a BYOB and there is no corking fee, so feel free to bring whatever booze you like.  It was pretty packed on Saturday night, so I was lucky I made a reservation, and I suggest you do so as well. 
The ambiance was very nice, and the servers pleasant.  There are plenty of TV monitors around the dining room showing Eurovision, or other international TV. Because it was packed with both grownups and children, the service did slow down over the course of the evening.
We started off with the bread (Awesome!!), the Pecan (chicken) salad, and the Eggplant salad.  All very tasty and sizable. The mushroom soup, afterwards, I thought was excellent and very mushroom-y, but my gf thought it was too thin in consistency and needed more potatoes/barley. We followed this with chicken and lamb rib kebabs. They were cooked nicely and served on the skewer with a tomato salsa/sauce on the side. I really liked the lamb ribs, but they were a bit small in size. The chicken was perfect. I'll be sure to order more ribs next time.  We finished up the meal by trying the cherry dumplings with black currant jam. I had been told they were really good, and you get 6 or so decent sized dumplings.  There were more like 14 dumplings on the plate. If you like cherry pie, you will like this.  I thought it was just okay. 
All in all, the food is well prepared, extensive, and tasty. I would totally come here again, but perhaps on a different night of the week.I really debated on whether or not to give Uzbekistan 4 or 5 stars but decided to go with 4. I'll start with the pro's; my two friends and I went on a Monday night and were delighted by the decor, both outdoors and in, it has a very charming "old world" feel. A HUGE plus for us was the fact that Uzbekistan is a BYOB. We ordered a variety of appetizers, the Olivie salad, borscht (both red & green) and one entree per person. All in all, everything was delicious, however I was not a fan of the Georgian-style chicken stew (I'm quite the spice wimp - it had a considerable kick to it), but my friends loved it. The best part was that for all the food we ordered, our bill was less than $60. The only thing that I can really say deterred me from giving Uzbekistan 5 stars was a.) the fact that I drove by the parking lot(s) 3 times before figuring out which one to park in (fyi - it doesn't matter) and b.) the service, albeit they were very nice, was a little slow/negligent with small things (making suggestions, water with our wine, offering dessert, etc). That being said, I will be definitely be back and I would highly recommend Uzbekistan for a date night and to friends who aren't afraid to try new & different cuisine!The food is good. It's too small inside. Really small.
We had to sit outside and eat.  
BYOB which I do like. 
Will go again if I'm in the area...
But I'd rather find something closer. The far Northeast is too much outta the way.This was my first experience with Uzbek cuisine and I have to say I will be coming back for more!  I came in a group of 8 with a Russian family, all of whom raved about the place, so I knew I'd be getting the authentic experience. 
We started the meal off with some salad dishes that were pretty good. I was a big fan of the "Russian Salad" which is a potato and chopped vegetable salad in a mayo based sauce.  Bread was great, as many others have already noted, and I really enjoyed the Samsa Tandori and the palov.  The real treat came in the form of the lamb and ground lamb shish kabobs though.  This really ranks right up there with the middle eastern and Mediterranean food in some of the well known restaurants I've been to in New York.  The quality of the meat was excellent, I wish I knew who their butcher was!  My dinner host, who is an Uzbek, told me this was his favorite restaurant in the area and now I absolutely know why.  
I highly recommend this place for a meal, any time!This is my family's "go-to" restaurant for all kinds of occasions. They are genuine Ruskis, so they would know a good place like this. This place is sooo good, that even Americans like me totally love it.
They have got a large outdoor patio so it's great for sitting outside when the weather is nice. When the weather isn't so nice, the seating inside is spacious and comfortable. The service is top notch. Very attentive and friendly. 
The food itself is incredible. Do yourself a favor when you're coming with a large group and order the spinach and cheese hachipuri. The hachipure is this super large delicious pastry filled with spinach and cheese and other yummy stuff. There are some other varieties as well so you can look into that. The plov (rice with stuff in it) is also super tasty, as are the kabobs (chicken and steak) and the salads and soups too. The wife swears by the solyinka - which is some kind of russian chilli like stew/soup with everything but the kitchen sink in it. They also have some cherry perogies (dumplings) that are super delicious albeit unusual (at least to me).
The only thing to be wary of is the parking lot. They recently repaved the entrance partially, so it's not as bad as it was. However, the back part of the lot is unpaved so if you are pushing a low rider or got some bald tires, better park your car on the street.Everything about this place is wonderful. I am Russian but came to US as a teenager and my husband is American and our son was born here. This place is perfect to show my family the various dishes that I don't cook at home. I usually order 7-8 things to share and we have never had a dish we didn't like! Rice pilaf is delicious and not greasy at all - in many places it's dripping with grease- here it's full of flavor, fresh vegetables, large chunks of lamb, perfect! Every shish kabab we tried was always cooked to order, very fresh and tender. The dough in the dishes as vareniki and manti is very delicate and not rough and chewy as in some other places. The service is flawless as well. If this restaurant was closer to where we live, we would be there 3 times a week!It's its great way to get immersed in Eastern European food culture! Great quality for a good price. Definitely worth the trip :)This place is incredibly comfortable, warm, and the food was delicious. I strongly recommend making reservations but the staff is incredibly understanding and accommodating.
It was a little confusing to find the entrance into the restaurant itself. We had to walk around the side of the building and into the outdoor seating area. We came in to find a person to speak to about a table and there didn't seem to be an actual hostess stand.
Once we sat down, it was wonderful. They don't look to rush your meal like some places. They explained the portion sizes and the food was magnificent. It did take us a little while to get our check but the place was so busy so that is to be expected. Definitely plan to come back but with reservations.IMPORTANT: if you are going on Saturday night, you better have reservations!!!    We were told at first that there were no tables, but then a nice server found a spot for us.  It turns out we were also underdressed... my son and I were both in jeans and hoodies, and I felt like a tool.  However, since I drove an hour to get there, I wasn't about to walk out.  Next time I'll wear a collared shirt!
I don't know why people are saying the service is terrible, since all three of the ladies who helped us were extremely friendly.   The menu is in English and Russian, and they appear to have the same selections.  I have never had Uzbek food before, so I can't speak to its authenticity, but it was very good.  Flavors are not incredibly strong.  Dish by dish:
Tandoori bread - fresh from the oven, quite tasty, similar to bread I've had at Afghan restaurants.
Mushroom soup - excellent.  It's a broth, but it comes with sour cream which you use to thicken it.  I love mushrooms so I had to try this, and it was unlike any other mushroom soup I've ever had.
Vareniki with cheese - tasty, but didn't blow me away.  Kind of like the filling of a cheese blintz inside a pot sticker.  They put fresh black currants on top which definitely adds to them.  They'd be too bland without.
Lamb kebab - Be warned, the price on the menu ($3.85) is PER SKEWER, not intended to be ordered as a full meal.  They come with raw onions per the picture someone else posted.  They were good, but nothing special.  I could make this on my grill at home.
Hanum - Basically a meat dumpling with vegetables.  It doesn't sound nearly as good as it actually is.  I would have said they were awesome, except that I've had better at place in Brighton Beach... all the same, I recommend them, especially if you haven't had them before.
I took some pictures to post, but the lighting is kind of dim and I was using an iPhone, so they're not great.  The most important one, the pic of the menu, is almost illegible, but I'm posting it anyway.I had the misfortune of only having Uzbekistan once; too much to forget and too little to satisfy the insatiable cravings it created!
My colleagues and I traveled to our Philadelphia franchise on business and were treated to dinner here after a hard days work. I tend to make snap judgments on food and I walked in expecting to leave hungry. I couldn't have been more wrong! From the amazing appetizers to the delicious kebabs (I have NEVER had such exquisite Chilean Sea Bass!), the whole meal was phenomenal. The Napoleon cake we had for dessert topped off a fantastic meal. Add in the ambiance of nearly every patron speaking fluent Russian and the BYOB bottles of vodka making the rounds and you have one hell of a dinner experience.
The portions are more family-style than individual entrees, so come prepared to share (you'll want to try it all anyway). The TV's playing Russian pop videos and authentic Russian music in the background are actually not as annoying as one might expect. Once you taste the food and see the camaraderie amongst all the customers, you'll find it hard not to have a great time.What a fun dining experience.  The food was delicious and the prices are very reasonable. I had the chicken soup with meatballs, potatoe vernicki and beef stroganoff.  My friend had the salad with grilled eggplant, peppers and cabbage, mushroom soup and stuffed cabbage. We split the homemade bread. Everything I tried I enjoyed.  I felt as if I was far from Philadelphia and enjoying wine and food in Eastern Europe.  Everything from the plates on which the food was presented to the inside decor completed my experience.I love love love this place.  I have lived in Uzbekistan and  am familiar with the cuisine, which incidentally is equal to and probably better than the food in the actual country.  The outside area is absolutely gorgeous and there always seems to be just enough space to get a table.  
The price are more than reasonable for the quantity and the quality of the food here.  We always feel like we have gotten a good value after eating here.  
The service is hit and miss, so I wouldn't go there in a rush... But overall am usually satisfied with the service and never feel rushed.  
It's also usually quite interesting to watch the other folks as they celebrate their landmark occasions.  Uzbekistan is also BYOB...so know before you go...
For a journey into another land, come to Uzbekistan....Good Russian style food. I loved the kabobs. Simple, family style place. I wish they had a few more dessert options but otherwise this place is great!The food here is very good and authentic to Uzbekistan and the region.  I had a lovely meal including the kharcho (spicy soup), and kabobs.  I tried my friend's chicken heart kabob, and it was quite good.  The only bad aspect was that the service was stereotypically Russian.  At one point the waitress asked if we wanted more bread.  We said yes, but she never brought us bread.  But that really just added to the experience :)Brilliant food... The lamb/beef skewer is one of the tastiest things I've eaten IN LIFE. I marveled at all of the Russian pop/techno Christmas music videos they played throughout our lunch. Mind you, it's October. Still, I found the odd, out of placeness of it all kind of charming. Oh, and the sweet/spicy tomato sauce that goes with the meat pancake? WE ARE HOARDING IT. I want to buy a gallon of it and use it on everything I ever eat for the rest of my life. The waiter was rude and unenthusiastic but I just pretended he was playing the character of a stoic Russian military leader who got forced into restaurant duty. He could've been 40% ruder and it still would not change my mind about this place. Will take everyone I know there. Next time we will bring vodka. Woohoo!Welcome at Uzbekistan! - only double-landlock restaurant on all East North Philadelphia! 
Here on Uzbekistan! we solo use most fine part of yak. No listen widespread rumor torture and arbitrary arrest, our noodles stroke hand gently by happy baking man, making sure keep bathroom clean! even glory holes smelling in like onion. 
Invented by enemy of Uzbekistan! Rice Pivlav good. Special stew to goodbye Aral Sea. Five Star Good! Try masturbating cow!Another birthday party that I had to go to, another disappointment and night of painful sleeping.
Owners, servers and staff of Uzbekistan you have outside seating and inadequate air conditioning.  Both require ample hydration of patrons.  I would not have to grab my glass and pitchers to get water from the bar after asking a few times.
You have outside patio surrounded by beautiful grape vines, but no air flow, so how about a fan?
You carry food around your wonderfully paved patio, yet you never clean it off from the cobblestones, so some fly traps would actually help.
Oh and don't forget about the pit where some contemplated possibly making some money off your trip&fall OK insurance.
In any case, in Uzbekistan the patrons are treated as cattle.The food is sub-par for the cuisine. You can go to almost any of the little Russian stores or delis and get better quality food. The restaurant is small and cramped. The atmosphere was horrible. Two large flat screen TVs on all the time blasting bad 80s or Russian Pop music. While I was there the owner turned it up so loud that I could not hear my boyfriend sitting next to me unless he yelled (literally yelled) directly into my ear. Unless you can speak Russian or Uzbek you might as well not bother, because trying to order in English only got me confused and angered looks from the waiter, who acted like he had much better things to do (like flirt with the other female waitress) than serve us. Over all it was very loud and unpleasant, and the food quality was not worth another trip. 
Also note: at the time I went this restaurant it was still in the same plaza as Cafe Michaelanglo thus making the parking very limited. I have recently seen that they are moving across the street to take over what used to be Valentina's so their parking and being cramped will probably change. Most likely the noise level and general attitude of the wait staff will not.Uzbekistan to me is by far one of North East Philly's best not so secret secrets.  The food for the price is UNBEATABLE! You definitely come here to spend quality time with your party, as service can run a little long, but that's not a bad thing here.  This place is a BYO so come with your alcohol in hand and be prepared to sip the night away with some close friends.  The kebabs here put places like Fogo and Chima to shame.  Brazillian meat buffets have NOTHING on Uzbek kebabs, I highly recommend the chicken and lamb ribs (with tons of flavor and very little gaminess to the meat).  For the more adventurous eaters DEFINITELY try the chicken liver kebab.  Other dishes aside the kebabs not to be missed are the rice pilaf and bread! I loveeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee carbs and this is by far the best loaf of bread you can get for a dollar.  My friend even brought his own jam! So next you're out in the North East, don't pass up the opportunity to get quality roasted meats at half the price of big name brazillian meat buffet prices!Lived up to the yelp hype.
Chaikhana has been on my radar for years, but I just don't get up to Somerton very often. I've always taken note of the universally great reviews the place gets- and not just on yelp. 
GF and I went up to Somerton Christmas eve to see the lights, and decided to try this place.
We were very pleased with our meal and the reasonable price. 
We had some appetizers- Cheburek, bread, and eggplant dip. The Cheburek & bread were superb. The eggplant dip was good, but we weren't as knocked out by it as some other reviewers. 
Our main courses were Beef Stroganoff for her and Lagman noodles for me. She raved about the stroganoff. Portions were ample. My Lagman noodles were awesome. Lamb was as tender as butter. Nicely seasoned but not salty. It was obvious to me the noodles were freshly made. You can tell the difference.
As an afterthought, we decided on dessert. We got the Napoleon, and weren't sorry. It was decadent. Lots of thin, crusty layers with delicious cream filling. Perfect. Not too sweet, either. Superb!
We both agreed, the meal was terrific. We intend to come back.
Glad I finally made the trip.Everything here is amazing.  Try the cherry vareniki and the lamb kabobs.  The food is amazing and the prices are beyond fair.  
The restaurant is very true to its roots and the staff will answer questions and be very accommodating.  It doesn't hurt to speak a bit of Russian.I've been to Uzbekistan a few times mostly on weekends but a couple times on weekdays.  A couple of things you should know about this place.  It's a Russian establishment (Russian, Ukrainian, all the "stan" countries cuisine) in the Russian section of Northeast Philly.  Russians are not known for their service but it's not terrible.  If you require excellent service to enjoy your food - don't go here.
If you don't mind people not smiling at you - go here the food is great.
Get the shish-kabobs, Ukrainian borsch, rice pilaf but really everything is good.
Friday and Saturday nights can get very crowed and loud and dressy.  Go during the day on weekends or on weekdays.  
Food = 4.5
Service = 3
Decor = 4Very authentic, just like Mom would make.  Great for groups. BYOV.  For large groups (10+) they ask you to preorder which is genius because the food's already there when you arrive and the waiters don't have to scramble and take forever to take everyone's order-everybody wins.
These were all delicious:
*Ukranian borscht 
*Kharcho (hearty stew)
*Olivie Salad
*Pickled herring w potatoes and onions.
*Kabobs!  the Lula kabob (ground lamb) was especially good
*Stuffed cabbage
*Bread - warm and poofyI think it is always a good sign when you are the only one speaking English in  the lunch crowd. Russian cuisine is new to me and I was very impressed. Everything we ordered was flavorful and well prepared. Tea served with candied pineapple was fun. Waitress didn't seem to mind that I pointed my way through ordering rather than make a fool of myself with pronunciation.Food is great and they have ample outdoor seating year-round (enclosed and heated in winter months). If you're not very adventurous, don't worry, you can still get lamb/chicken skewers, chicken soup with meatballs and salads. However, definitely venture out and try the Borscht soup!
Service was rather slow, even on a Saturday during lunch. Best to come here when you have ample time to enjoy and aren't in a rush to be somewhere.The food is very good. One of the best quality food for the price. The place is a little small. But this is not a  4-5 star restaurant. The food quality, I would say, is on the level of the high 3 star going to 4 star restaurants. They actually have two restaurants, another one is across the street, it is more comfortable but requires reservation in a week advance. Most people just order take-outs.
This is a great place, you just need to be less ignorant and be more patient.  If you want a 4 star service then go to the 4 star restaurant.I really like to come here with my family for special occasions. They have delicious fish with mushrooms, cheese and potatoes and I really enjoy the large round spinach and cheese pie. Sometimes it gets busy in the evenings and crowded but generally the service is good.nice place, good food, affordable prices.... really like their kebobs.Absolutely wonderful staff and the best price to food quality/quantity ratio in philly, hands down!After a long search I found this Mediterranean grill  .......The food ambience every thing is awesome .....especially chicken wings Kabab .......its juicy and I love it.....And the chicken Kabab ....I never tasted such a tender and juicy Kabab......it was very smooth......Good place to stop by....Great great food! We discovered Uzbekistan a little over 6 months ago, and have been regulars ever since! Love the food - love the waitstaff! Awesome setting (indoors)! We keep coming back every week, take food home and so far - every single bit we've put in our mouth - was perfect.
I have one concern though - my favorite Honey cake without nuts has disappeared off the menu. Please, bring it back! I am dying for this cake!
Important - do make a reservation, because usually Uzbekistan is full! Enjoy!Wow! Lucky find. I recommend this place. Delicious food. Varied menu. Uzbek food is great. Coming back to try everything on menu.I recently went to this place and had a great meal. I started off with hot green tea and the bread. The tea came with a bowl of sugar cubes and dried fruit which was good. You don't see sugar cubes too often. The tea was loose leaf and had pieces of leaf in the cup but was still good! For my meal I tried the manti which are tasty dumplings with meat and a yogurt sauce. The servers were attentive and polite. I can't wait to go again.My family has been coming to Uzbekistan for all birthdays, special events and celebrations and we have never had a bad experience. The service is great, and very accomodating for my elderly grandparents and large family gatherings.
My grandfather lived in Uzbekistan and he believes the food is authentic and spot on. Everything here is extremely flavorful, and the meat is always fall-off-the-bone tender. Our family always orders the large hachipuri (must call to order ahead) which is a crazy greasy cheesy indulgence, but then we split it up and everyone has leftovers for the week. It is amazing!
We also love the chebureks, manti, and of course, the kebabs. Lula and chicken are my favorites, but I have also enjoyed the chicken liver and salmon in the past.
I visited their competitor Samarkand last weekend, and the food just couldn't compare. Definitely come to Uzbekistan for the heavenly food and good service!I was scared to go into this place in fear of not fitting in with the crowd but when I finally went with a group boy as I mistaken!  The food here is delicious and affordable. My only complaint is that it gets very crowded and there is not enough wait staff so service is disjointed and slow. Another huge benefit is it's BYOB!!!! Love it!Fantastic food, I haven't travelled to Tashkent in recent years and having dinner here reminded me of home. The plov and somsa are wonderful. Also, the waiters are very helpful and very nice. Thank you :-)The food is outstanding!  There are a lot of Russian speaking people eating here, so that just confirms this place is the real deal. I'll be back for more. I had the Uzbekistan borscht, potato dumplings, and lamb/veal/chicken heart kababs. The sauce they serve with the kababs is tomato based flavor explosion.  It's BYOB!!!!!Freaking amazing. In my opinion, there is no finer meal than perfectly boiled potatoes, pickled herring and raw onion. The "korean" carrots, red borsch, "tabdoori" bread and cherry dumplings were also wonderful. 
Simply put, this is a culturally-fascinating, delicious destination. Try it!This place rocks! The food is awesome, the price is sick, and you can bring your own alcohol which makes it even better! Everytime I'm in Philly, it's a must!A true gem of the NE! It's a BYOB with delicious food and a fun, welcoming  atmosphere with appropriate ethnic touches! You would never really know you're right on Bustleton Ave! A must try Ana I say it's definitely worth the venture. 
The food is always fantastic! Our fam often craves it! Hubs says the chicken skewers are "phenomenal". 
My family always shares the fresh, hot, crispy bread and Greek salad (meet as they write it on the menu is asked for on the side without an issue). It comes with shredded light feta my Mom raves about. You would never know its feta by the way it looks. The salad is tossed in a light oil and vinegar. 
We always get the mushroom barley soup. You can get a half which we sometimes do and is really enough. A little oily, but SO delicious. The kind that Bubbie used to make. Comforting for sure. 
I love the eggplant salad but I seem to be the only one in my family that does as it has chunks of garlic. It has walnuts and pomegranate seeds which balance the softened of the eggplant and peppers so well. It's so different and bursting with flavors. 
We always get the fried potatoes with portobello. They are a tad garlicky and cooked to perfection which a crispier edge and soft middle. Just the right amount to share and topped with chunky mushrooms and sauted onions. 
We alternate between the sweet and savory vereniki (like a pierogi). The sweet are topped with warm blueberries and the savory with sauted onions. Depends on the moods you're in which one, but definitely worth a shot. Their are boiled, bit fried. 
We sometimes get the pitcher of compote (a Russian fruit drink) it's very sweet like a Kool Aid but worth a try at least once.
Honey cake for dessert is a must. Nutty and chewy like a baklava consistency more than a cake. 
Reservations for dinner on a Fri or Sat used to be a must, but since they added the plastic to the patio out front, there's much more seating available. It's fairly small inside but cozy. 
Lots of vodka drinking and big family dinners. Tonight the entire table next to us was singing. It's fun really! 
Our entire fam prefers the ambiance here to other places like this in the area because of the authentic feel and music etc. It's really a no rush, sit and relax type of place.First time trying this place. Came with my family for lunch. The food was fantastic and service was good. We were seated right away. We chose to sit outside. The waitress greeted us and took our drink orders. Came back in about 5 minutes with our drinks and took our food order. Our food came out pretty quickly. Overall the food experience was pleasant until we received our check. The bill didn't add up. They charged us an extra $10 so we asked the waitress. She said the $10 included taxes and a service charge. So we said we added on the tip? She said it was a service charge. We said for what? She said that's what they do. We paid by credit and my husband noticed that the $5.60 (10% of the bill)  was a pre-tip amount. What the heck is a pre-tip? Anyway, my husband was so annoyed that he didn't leave any extra. We are the type that leave 20% tip. They missed out. 
Would we eat here again? Yes but probably take out.Amazing family dinner at Chaikhana Uzbekistan. Well worth the drive out of the city for a little foodie adventure.
I can't even begin to list the amount of food that we got...but I will give you my absolute favorites!
The red borsch is some of the best I've ever had. Great home cooked taste. I could eat gallons of it. The beef was perfectly tender as well. 
Vareniki potato dumplings were tasty. Basically like perogies. 
As an entree I got the Chahohbili.... a delicious chicken/stewy concoction that rocked my world.
Go with a big group and order a lot! It was great to try a bunch of everything.So the food here is very good, but the service is consistently bad. Very slow. You can easily be there up to 3 hours for dinner on the weekend. Not to mentioned their dark, unpaved gravel parking lot. I almost tripped and fell multiple times. It's been like this for years! They need to hire more waitresses and be more attentive to their customers.This is one of our favorite Uzbek cuisine restaurants in NorthEast Philly. The food is delicious, the staff is super friendly and the service is paced just right. The atmosphere is casual and relaxing with music playing in the background. We like to sit in the enclosed outside court where the temperature is set comfortably according to the weather. Everything, from lepyoshka (bread) and appetizers to dessert (various cakes and types of coffees and teas) is yummy! And it's BYOB!I hope to impress you with the fact that I ate practically half the menu of Uzbekistan.
A pitcher of kompot, a tart, cherry drink is a good way to start. I always like to try a restaurant's version of this stuff when it's available, and here it was the least cloying and most enjoyable I've had. Uzbekistan is BYO, so pouring in some vodka or even wine to make your own kompot sangria could be awesome. I feel like I dropped the ball here by not doing that.
A giant round of bread is only $2, but with so many carb based  items to choose from on the menu, you might not even need this.
A tangy shredded carrot salad ($4.50) is a good way to open your palate. This was also the only meatless dish we tried.
Also from the salad menu, the pecan salad ($5) was a misnomer. Expect more of a green, red, and yellow pepper chicken salad.
The two soups I tried were on my list of menu favorites The kharcho ($5) (far left) was described as "spicy soup, meat, rice." While we did get a spicy soup with a bit of rice and pieces of meat, the description does not do it's complexity justice. It got better with each slurp. As good as it was, I may have enjoyed the green borscht more, a vegetal soup described as "sour leaves, meat, potato." This was served with a dish of sour cream that morphed the flavor into something resembling a brothy creamed spinach. I suggest trying the borsht both ways by adding some sour cream once you are half way through.
It is easy to go overboard with ordering from the line up dough filled items, since they are all about $2.  For the Uzbek version of a spanikopita try the  kutab, a fried packet filled with feta and spinach. The cheburek, is more like an empanada, the crust is flakier and it is filled with ground meat.  Our duo was accompanied by a spicy tomato sauce.
Less successful, was the meat and onion filled samsa. It didn't have enough flavor and the texture of the meat was unappealing.
An order of stuffed cabbage ($7) is more than a meal on its own, with 3 cabbage wrapped logs of rice and meat topped with roasted peppers and surrounded in a moat of sauce.
For something truly unique, the fried ravioli ($6.20) are like savory fortune cookies, and your fortune is... meat. Isn't that the best kind of fortune? Dipping in the dish of sour cream is a must, as they would otherwise be dry.
The Chinese are not the only ones known for their hand pulled noodle.The Uzbeki version is called lagman. Here  it comes in soup form or as we had it, on a plate with sauce ($6.50).  Great flavor, but I would have even been happier had the noodles been more al dente. The chucks of stewed beef in between long strands of noodles is fit for the colder months. And for a moment, as I watched the fake snow fall on the beautiful lady singing on the variety show playing on the television, I felt like I needed my snow boots.
Consider balancing out all the stuffed dough with meat on a skewer. It is rare that I am impressed by a kebob but I insist you order the lamb ribs ($3.59) and if you have room, the skirt steak skewers. The little lamb rib bits were grilled until perfectly charred. I was also pleased to find out that where many countries in the Eastern Hemisphere cover their lamb ribs with cumin, here, they were cumin free. Adding to the royal feasting experience, the red sauce was served in a goblet.
I wish I had a 7th stomach so that I could have tried the other soups, the chicken ravioli, and some of the other skewers. But that will have to wait until next time, and I won't forget the wine.Used to be outstanding   Now just ok.  Grilled kabobs still excellent. Some of the other dishes however not so great.  The potatoes were soggy and greasy. The Tomato and onion salad looked and tasted like it has been sitting around for days. The bread was hot but definitely not fresh. Manti was ok.   All In all I give it a C + rating.  Too bad because it used to be a B+.I was there a few weeks ago with my wife.
This place changed a lot.
First, it was empty on a Saturday evening around 7pm! Strange.....
We ordered rice (very good) and a few stews of seafood. I can't believe one stew of seafood was costing more than $6. This is a ripoff.
We also ordered potatoes. They were very very oily. Nasty.
At the end, they include a service fee on the bill. This is another ripoff. We typically tip depending on the quality of service, but not a service fee.
On conclusion, avoid this place. It's dead. Either they change their practices, or shutoff .....Great value for money - $36.63 total, excluding tip for bread, chicken kebab, Lula (lamb) kebab, pilaf Samarkand, cheburek, compot (juice) pitcher, and Napoleon (dessert) for two - dine in and had left overs to take home! Loved the food. Service could have been better - no one checked on us and the servers seemed busy so we had to keep waving to flag them down.I'm not Russian at all but my wife and I love this place. Not a huge fan of the salads but love the entrees. I tend to like the dumpling dishes. The "kompot" is also a fav. Great place to BYOB of Russian Standard!We were so excited to try this interesting place. In fact, our stomachs were so devoid of food that anything would have made us happy, but the first two plates to arrive (homemade bread and eggplant salad) were great both separately and, moreso, together. We eagerly awaited the next courses. 
Sadly, we have to drop this to only one star because of a bad service experience. The staff was quite overwhelmed on this Saturday evening, but it still took a disproportionately long time to even place our order. The worse example came when we were being served our entrees and were only told at that time that the stuffed cabbage was sold out. 
We then heard the table next to us being told also that the cabbage was sold out. They were understandably upset since they had specifically requested to reserve the dish when they made an dinner reservation. What bothered us the most is that just a bit later, multiple stuffed cabbage dishes were brought out to that table while we were left with nothing.
Overall, we really enjoyed the dishes we tried (eggplant salad, Ukrainian borsch, tandoor bread, lamb and chicken shish kebabs, and pilav). Unfortunately, it seems the service needs to be improved here.Food: 3.5
Decor: 3.5
Ambiance: 4.5
Service: 3
Value: 4.5
Definitely a different dining experience. Byob, and cheap. Definitely worth the stop if you are in the area.What a marvelous place. Warm vibe in the dining room filled with families, groups of friends, and couples on dates. Being there is like being transported to the Uzbek lands...eating there is like a short trip overseas. The food is great and the crowd and staff are fascinating.Without a doubt, has to be the BEST Russian/Ukraine restaurant in this area.  Everything was authentic, if my memory serves me correctly.  I ordered the stuffed cabbage first.  My roommate is Ukrainian and this is one of her "signature" dishes she makes at home, taught to her many years ago by her grandmother.  This was Spot On.  Even served with some colorful veggies under tomato-ey broth...not gravy. A nice touch was the heavy cream served alongside.  That was a new one on me, and gave the entire dish a kind of Hungarian feel to the dish.  Exceptional.  I also ordered a single Lula Kebab, which had a generous dipping sauce made up of some cilantro and some Salsa-like tomato hash.  The Lula is a combo of lamb and beef.  Usually, when I've had this locally, in the past, it was skewers of meat on a stick.  This was a sausage-like skewer of a single lamb/beef piece, with seasoning.  Very very good.
Topped of the meal ny TAKING HOME dessert.  A single piece of Baklava!  I don't care what kind of restaurant it is...if they have Baklava, you should get it.
Finally, the bread.  We got a single loaf of Na'an bread that I couldn't put down once I had a taste!  
I can't wait to go back.went there last night with my girlfriend  had a salad that was delicious, potato dumplings that were great then out came the lamb and chicken shishkabobs we had 2 of each, they came with some kind of red dipping sauce that was out of this world and last we had sea bass, it was covered with some kind of rich cheese like sauce and had melted cheese covering it with mushrooms and tomatoes. by the time we started on the fish i was pretty full so i went under the cheese and just ate a little bit of the fish. we skipped desert. 
I loved it, my girl loved it, the service was great, the food was great and i will be going backConsistently delish, every time! Love the food, kravaschik, eggplant salad, Greek salad, varenchik, cheburek, samsa, all the kebabs, sooo good! lighting could be a little less bright in the dining room! Outdoor dining is more suited for a date night.This place is fantastic. My boyfriend and I decided to head up to the local Russian grocery store and then headed over for lunch. It was a perfect Sunday afternoon. The food was wonderful - we started out with soup. I had the Ukranian Borsch. Delish. The bread they gave us could have fed a table of 12 but we gave it our best shot! We ordered the cheese filled dumplings with black currant jam and lamb kabob for our entrees and both were excellent. It is a BYOB and the prices are so reasonable. Almost everyone that was dining was speaking in other languages and drinking Stoli out of wine glasses, so I assume that the food is on point in its level of ethnicity. The service was good and our food came out relatively quickly, regardless of the 3 large parties that were being served at the same time. I'm so glad we chose to eat here. I would return if in the area and would absolutely recommend it to others! Yum!Absolutely fantastic! Wonderful for big groups and families! Feels as if in the hearth of a home yet is quite a well-sized restaurant. Food is amazing! Order the dumplings and the eggplant dip. Fantastic! Even leave room for them honey-cakes. Uzbek food is reaching towards the top of my list of favourite cuisines. Worth a drive...really. Was even surprised by the kimchi on the list. There must be a curious intertwining of korean and uzbek culture---worth a research wikipedia search. Go!Since then I have wanted to find a place that offers the same type of food. 
I believe we found the right place. 
We stopped here for lunch...
We ordered the Manti, Borscht Soup, Beer Stroganoff, and a side of bread. Everything came out promply, hot and delicious. 
The prices were very reasonable to say the least. 
The service was adequate but at times disappeared. It was difficult to ask for refills but overall they were pleasant.
We are already looking at our calendar to see when we can head back.
Visited November 2016I would like to clarify the only reason this place is getting 3 stars is because of the food. I would only give this place 1 star if I was rating it solely on service. 
As soon as I walked into this establishment we weren't greeted at the door, I had to walk to the back to ask someone for a table.  The service rolled their eyes and said something to each other in Russian when we told them we had 8 people in our party. Which I understand, working in the service industry, it can be annoying when a large group comes in but you don't express your chagrin in front of the customers. 
Then, when we got seated we ordered our food and ordered our drinks. Waited for an hour, getting thirsty as fuck. Our food finally reached, our orders were given to the wrong person, the guy was setting our table as he was giving us our food. He also totally ignored us when we were asking for our drinks (waters at least you know?) Maybe 30 minutes into our meal we were finally given cups and a jug of water. 
Then we were ignored for the rest of our meal. We had to go inside and request our check when it came time for us to leave. 
As for the food, it was alright. A little different then what we are used too, the pilov was nice, the bread was excellent, and the salad was wonderful. 
To summarize, the food was lovely but the service was terrible. We left irritated.I have been here several times mostly for family or friends birthdays.  This is authentic uzbek food with some russian flavor to it as well.  Its a Byob and is relatively cheap priced menu. It has an outdoor for summer time which is great.  It is decorated with all kinds of Uzbek art and decorations from floor to ceiling which looks really unique. Some of the best and more popular items on the menu include greek salad, white fresh bread, the pan fried potatoes (kartoshka). What they are really known for is their variety of kabobs.  My favorite is the lamb and chicken kabobs but they offer many different kinds. The Napoleon is what i I usually have for dessert and it is probably the best ive ever had. 
Here are my negatives.... All the food other than the salads is very unhealthy. Everything is cooked and soaked in some kind of butter and grease which makes the food taste great, but its a heart attack on a plate.  This is why I only come here a few times a year at most.
If you are looking for some good tasting food for a great price, this is a good place for lunch or dinner.Everything about this place was delicious, not a single complaint. We were seated promptly, ordered with no problem. The wait staff was very nice. We ordered what was suggested by other yelpers.  The food was delicious but did not all come out at the same time, but not a problem we shared the plates. The only thing we missed out on was the potatoes and mushroom  dish, it came out long after out other dishes and we were to full to eat. 
Definitely going back next time we are visiting.I must say I was highly disappointed in this place. Maybe if we had a group of friends but my husband and I ventured out on our own. I've never really had Russian cuisine so I don't really have anything to go off of, but the food was rather bland. The only items we did enjoy were the skirt steak kabobs, and the Chebureks which came with a tasty salsa. The service was the slowest I have ever seen.  The table next to us was having a blast, and they were very friendly. They arrived with bottles of booze and kept doing shots while waiting for their food to arrive. That can definitely pass the time, and you won't even notice how long the food takes. Everything is loaded with onions, and my husband is not a fan of onions. Glad we got to try it, but I doubt we would ever return.one of our family favorites. we  almost want to keep it a secret so there is more for us!! this is for the american foodie seeking authentic cuisine. if you like to rush through dinner dont come. it is nicely paced family style dinner ...i dont like my  starter and dinner served 5 seconds apart so i appreciate a well orchestrated meal. try the green tea with the dried pineapple (served with the sugar cubes)  their version of greek salad is awesome and would serve 4! must have their bread and before you head for the butter just taste it first. but the king is the lamb "shashleek" as they say there ..its basically shish kabob with all meat! yeah!!! served with a spicy tomato sauce and raw onions ...forget the cereal  THIS IS MAGICALLY DELICIOUSA very nice Russian and Uzbek cuisine. Outstanding price performer.I've Been to this place several times and what can I say..WOW!!! The Food is UNBELIEVABLE!!! Everything on the menu is delicious! Their Moscow fish will tickle your taste buds, lagman and mushroom soup is very tasty, bread, shish kebobs, and desserts are indescribable. Love their napoleon, honey cake! I don't know who the cook is but everything he/she makes doesn't just fill you up and satisfy hunger, it makes you want more...and more...My hats off to the cook!
Despite some reviews, we had wonderful service each time, the girls are very quick and efficient. It does get busy during weekends but that"s what good restaurants are all about, and being that its a popular place, what else would one expect...The atmosphere is cozy in the day, and perfect for birthday celebrations or parties at night. The price can't be beat either...what more could one ask for?!...
I would highly recommend this place to anyone I know! I'm hooked..:-))Amazing amazing amazinggggggggg fooooood. IM NOT EVEN EXAGERATING. THIS PLACE IS SO COMFY/COZY. You guys should try the potatoes with mushrooms , the fresh salad, and the Branzino!!!! The waitresses are always checking to see if you need anything and take care of you very well. Another thing is that the place has an indoor and outdoor seating. In the winter time, there's a portable heater that makes you feel so comfortable and super warm outside. Once again, Love love love this restaurant.The food was absolutely incredible.  But.  The soft porn being broadcast throughout the restaurant will deter me from returning. 
Seriously- it's an eating establishment.Was actually here about a year ago.  It was one of the best meals I had have in the longest time. The sea bass was fabulous (and I normally do not eat fish).  The borscht was delicious.  Their rice dish was awesome.  to top off such a great experience, the prices were reasonable.  I so want to go back.One of my favorite restaurants of all time ! The lagman, green borsch, kebab, pilaf, fresh bread...Really nice restaurant... food is really good and tasty. I have always order for pickup so don't really know how the staff is working inside but food is really really good!This place was freaking delicious. While the restaurant itself was a little crowded and there was not much time to wait, there is ample parking in the back lot and we were ushered to their heated outdoor pavilion that probably gets used for catering events.  
Recommendations: 
Chebureki and the Samsa - both hot, juicy pockets of pastry filled with savory and flavorful meat and onions. 
Chicken kebab - flavorful and tender 
Lagman kavurma - good homemade noodles stir fried with red pepper and beef, almost like a Lo mein
Vareniki - potato dumplings with fried onions - huge serving!
Stuffed cabbage - comes with 4 steamed in a tomato sauce and stuffed with meat and rice
Additionally, it was beyond cheap. Huge plates with entree prices under 10. Overall, very impressed!We made reservation for 5 on Saturday, when we arrived the restaurant was full, they did have our table not in main hall but in a outer room, where other table for 6 had started their dinner already. A lot of people on this site complaint about service. We had 2 or 3 young girls/waitresses taking care of us. The service was very efficient with smiles and pleasantaries. They brought us green tea 3 times throughout dinner, we did bring our own wine.
We ordered chaihana salad and picled platter, both good, lagman for soup, chebureki, samsa and manti, all very tasty. Plov wasn't that great, maybe when it's a big party for 10, it's a better quality.
Shish kebab, lula and my rack of lamb all were very good.
We didn't really had much space for desert, but ordered it anyway: baklava, apple cake w/ice cream and jam and napoleon, all wonderful.
Our American friends and us really enjoyed an atmosphere and food and will be back, the only draw back - you guessed it too much food.I have to be honest, this place is the ultimate comfort foodie destination.  The place has an extensive menu with traditional Uzbek and Russian staples such as plov (semi-friend rice with meat), manti (meat dumplings) and many more. It is BYO. 
But before I get into detail about food... This restaurant is very casual with a lot of regulars from the surrounding area (Northeast Philly). It  has a homey cozy feel to it. There is indoor and outdoor seating. It is perfect for small and large groups. The atmosphere is very relaxed, so do not expect a posh maitre-d standing at the door and a sleek waiter to hold on to your every word. It gets very busy there, but the servers are very friendly and attentive. 
The food is incredible and every bit delicious. My favorite dishes there, are plov, manti, green borscht and lamb shish kabobs. Do yourself a favor and do not restrict yourself when ordering. If you are not familiar with certain dishes I encourage you to order and sail away from safe food harbor! The staff will happily answer any question about the menu.
I highly recommend this restaurant: the food, the atmosphere and the overall experience! Go there with an open mind and a ravenous appetite :)It has been so hard for us to find a delicious place that serves quality shish kebabs that are actually delicious! We moved here from NYC where we were spoiled. Uzbekistan has exceeded our expectations for sure! We will definitely be regulars now!Small, quaint, home-like atmosphere.  Tables are very close together, so hopefully, you like your neighbors.  Good is delicious.  We had the kutab, samsa, varnishkas, kabobs, & salad.  Service has excellent.  We will definitely be back.  Took home enough for 2 entires meals, which we ate for lunch the next day.  $60...for all that good!  Yum!More 3.5 stars. Perhaps not the best thing ever, but decent food at decent prices. Service was really good. The consensus is that while it is not as good as in Russia, we will definitely be back should we ever have Russian food craving.What an excellent place, really a surprise.  We had the eggplant salad with pomegranate and walnuts, it was delicious, the old style potatoes that were like fluffy potato chips were great! And then some kabobs which were excellent, and everything was simply delicious and well done, so they really have some great stuff!!
They need to put a sign up there that Craig Laban from the Inquirer really loved it, I think it made his top 10 or 100!!!Just came from the restaurant. I haven't been there in a few years. The overall food was great. I and my wife ordered 1 Caesar salad, 1 Julienne (mushrooms under melted cheese in clay pot), 1 potatoes with mushrooms, 1 chicken hearts kebab, 2 lamb kebabs, 1 shrimp kebab, 1 pitcher of cherry compote. All that + 15% tip was $57.87. Everything except for shrimp kebab was great. The shrimp kebab was like $8 for just 4!!! pieces of large shrimp!!!! The service was worth 15% tip.This is one of my favorite Uzbek restaurants.  I like the interior, its cozy with stucco, a little small, but they have outside seating and a huge tented area in the back for banquets.  The waitresses are very nice and attentive and speak English.  The place is BYOB and usually gets quite crowded on weekends.
Their outstanding dishes in my opinion are as follows. The shashlik (chicken, lamb, and ground lamb), very tasty and served with vinegar onions.   Lagman lamb soup with thick homemade noodles.  Their Uzbek bread is the best anywhere !!!  The lamb pilaf is authentic and outstanding.  I also get different types of potato, but my fav is when they slice it thin and cook almost like a thicker moist potato chip.  They have a couple of good salads: the one with just tomatos and onions is great with the bread.  They have what they call Greek salad, but its only a distant cousin to what most think of a Greek salad, it has this odd tasting salami meat in it.  Its pretty good and very popular.  They have a "Russian salad" that can be described as potato salad with egg, green peas, bologna and pickles, sounds odd but very common, popular and very good !!!I cant believe that this place does not have a 5 star review and worse I cant believe that I never reviewed it.
I've been a regular to this place for the past 7 years and it has always exceeded my expectations 
I don't know where to start with this authentic cuisine. 
My favorite dish is probably the meat Plov, its a combination of rice pilaf with meat cooked the Uzbek way. Then comes my second favorite which is their Olivie Salad. And then my 3rd favorite is everything else on the menu which I latterly tried every single item on that menu.
For example things you really need to try: Samsa, stuffed cabbage, lula kebab and every other kebab, captain fish, bread and many more things that I cant recall
Now this place is BYOB so bring your beer or your bottle of wine and have a blast until you want to get something sweet then you must try their Napoleon which will take you to a whole new world with their authentic tea pot.Finally got a chance to visit this fine restaurant that I have driven past many times. I got the Lamb Leg with Vegetables and so did my companion. A beautifully done, tender and fall off the bone leg of lamb, garlicy shredded carrots, grilled eggplant & peppers, and fried potatoes. Everything was delicious and with the additional bread, was very filling. We didn't have a reservation so we were seated outside in a heated tent. My suggestion, if you go in the winter, get a reservation! I would definitely go back to try other items on the menu as they sounded as great as the dish I got.In a section of Philadelphia that is highly populated with people and eating places from the former Soviet Union, Chaikhana Uzbekistan stands out.  Obviously, this is primarily an Uzbekistani restaurant but it also serves food from Georgia, Azerbaijan, Russia, and Ukraine.  This is one of the most accessible of the many Russian-related restaurants in the far Northeast.  Everyone seems to speak English here .... non-Russian speaking people seem to be as welcome as the many Soviet migrs who certainly make up the majority of the clientele.
But lets get to the food.  The menu is huge so you have quite a choice.  You can never go wrong with Uzbek mantis.  These are among the tastiest dumplings in the world and are filled with a minced meat and topped with dill.  Of course the vareniki are equally as tasty - they are just smaller. A pilov rice dish with meat & veggies completes a filling Uzbek meal.  Or you might want to try something from another cuisine like the extremely tasty Azerbaijani Kutab.  This is like a thin crepe filled with spinach and feta cheese.  It is served with sour cream and their delicious homemade tomato sauce.
The dcor inside Chaikhana Uzbekistan is very pleasant and in warmer weather there is a large outdoor seating area under cover.  And they have their own complimentary parking lot.Awesome meal. Thanks to Craig Laban for the recommendation. Everything cooked to perfection and reasonable prices.If you are looking for Uzbek (east of middle east) food with a russian twist, the place is for you.  If you are looking for service that is good and fast, go somewhere else.  Big orders will get mixed up and will take a long time to get to you, even if you are ordering things that are commonly ordered.
There is no spot in the restaurant or on the terrace where you can have an intimate meal, you will hear music and/or other patron everywhere.
On the other hand, if you come there with friends and fully enjoy the fact that the place is BYOB, it is one of the best buys.
PS:  The service at the old location (at strip mall) is even slower now.Third time eating here.  The food was still great, but the service was TERRIBLE, and I know why.  I've seen 3-4 servers here, only one of whom is a man.  He's always seems very standoffish and disinterested, but I've never had him as my server before.  Well, my impression was right.  He seemed to be going out of his way not to pay attention to us.  I don't know if it's because we didn't speak Russian, but from what I can tell he's just an Angry Uzbek Waiter!  Ask to be seated where he is NOT serving!This is my first time eating Russian and it was a nice dinner for me. We went with a group of 12 people and the patrons as well as the waitresses were friendly and helpful. I can't compare it to any other restaurant because I haven't tried any other but I will update this review once I do.Based on my experience so far, I just can't understand how this place can get less than 4 stars.  I was tempted to go 5 stars here but tried to keep my generous starring in check by reminding myself that I tend to do that when on a food high, as I still am the morning after.  Uzbekistan restaurant is up in the far north east where I grew up.  The community changed over the decades and this gem is one of the best results yet.  Decades? yeah, I know, it makes me sound so old.  That's appropriate since I went there for my birthday dinner last night with 8 good friends and had a really great time, and not just because we were drinking our asses off and they gave me cool gifts.  OK, I'll admit for a short minute I was put off when I made the reservation for our large party two weeks ahead (they're popular) and they asked for a deposit ahead of time but my friends insisted it wasn't a large enough restaurant for the amount of business they do since Mr. LaBan decided to rave about it.  Why cant he just email me directly and keep it between us?  
Two in our party were there before and had to put on the breaks after we all ordered stuff.  They explained, the portions are not small here. We started off with a bunch of salads (3 or 4) to share.  Each was distinct and flavorful and there was plenty to go around the table 2 or 3 times each.  We ordered one thing of bread, which was  focaccia-like(but better) bread. Then came the dumplings.  They were good though least exciting.  I didn't order these so I'm not sure what the fried ones were called but DAMN they were tasty.  Oh, and my friend had ordered some with cherry filing and blueberry's on top.  These would've made a great dessert.  So yes, by this point we were already starting to feel the pressure in our stomachs that comes with over eating... or if anything, the warning signs that this was going to be one of those meals.  When the meat came out, I celebrated with evident excess saliva and teared up eyes.  The first 4 Lamb kabob items on the menu were a pleasure for me.  They were out of stroganoff so we had tried some kind of stewed chicken, stewed beef dishes.  I didn't get to hear them being ordered so I just refer to them as the savory "stew"s in my indulgent memories of reliving the meal over and over in my head.  Their flavors were layered, vibrant, oh, let's see what other fancy words I can use to honor these dishes... um, yummy? did I use yummy yet?   
My wayward friends that have lost faith in red meat ordered some HUGE dish of fish with cheesy sauce and tomatoes etc on it.  The meat eaters at my end of the table called that the pizza fish.  I was in such a food frenzy that I hadn't paused to recognize that as one of my food no-nos.  Fish and cheese should be separated like church and state as far as I'm concerned.  Well, with my guard down, I found it really good.  I agree with my friend when she commented on it being really rich though, but over all, it was delicious.
Please don't underestimate my enthusiasm for this restaurant just because we downed a few bottles of wine, Russian beer(!), a bottle of Russian Vodka and a bottle of Champagne and as the evening progressed we all seemed better looking and more witty.  Honest, it was good grub. 
The TVs weren't overbearing and the music wasn't too loud.  Of course with the place packed, who could even hear the music?  The staff was really friendly and attentive.  OH and I almost forgot, the bill came with only a 10% tip on it to around 120.00.  so we doubled the tip and each only needed to pay $17 each.   We were so happy most of us just left a twenty while still feeling we got the deal of a meal!Uzbekistan has good food for an affordable price. The portions are pretty big. It's great for big parties. I pretty much recommend everything on the menu. I recommend chicken shish kabobs. fried potatoes, cheburek, hatchepoori, any salad, varenki's,  fried pelmeni, and basically anything else on the menu. Their hot tea is great for after dinner.THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. Get the BREAD!!! Out of all the things I ate here my taste buds still remember the hot fresh bread. I had bought organic jam earlier that day at the Philadelphia flower show and just so happened to have it on me.
This place good for large groups and because its pretty much in the burbs parking is not a problem. I'd recommend asking the waiter for suggestions if you are not sure what to get. All the kabobs are delicious.Excellent restaurant, excellent value. Not somewhere for a quiet date. Our waitress was really sweet, although I can understand why someone might be intimidated by the environment / very few non Russians. 
Lagman and Vareniki were greatOne of my favorite restaurant in the area. Shish Kebabs are exceptional, as well as home fries.  Great service and pricesWhile the Cold War is long over, a visit here is set to take you back behind the Iron Curtain. Uzbekistan is a place where Russian is the mother tongue and where friends from the old country gather to share a drink and stories of times gone by. 
The decor is thick and robust, with chunky wooden doors and mahogany tables to match. Function, before form. Function, before form. 
Russian television plays on the screens, and you can't help but ask yourself, is Big Brother watching me?
The food served here is hearty and laden with butter; engineered to keep you well insulated for the cold Central Asian winters.
First out, the Eggplant salad with walnut and pomegranate, tasty, yet saturated with more oil than remains in the Caucacus. Next, came the spinach and feta pancakes, rich in flavor, but soaked in a (Black) sea of butter. Finally, came the steamed meat dumplings topped with fried peppers, and paired with a side of sour cream like sauce. Enjoyable? Yes. Memorable? Nyet.
Saying that, I really do appreciate this place. Though much more for the cultural experience, than for the culinary one. 
-SZHaving lived in Russia and Ukraine, I can state that this place is spot on. We ordered way too much food, but everything was awesome. The kompot was so good. The borsch was like something a Ukrainian babushka would make you. Also, they had manty..I haven't had those since Kazan. Seriously, you all need to go here because there is an awesome blend of central Asian, Russian, and Ukrainian food.This was my first time dining at Uzbekistan and I had a wonderful time with friends. The service was attentive, quick and friendly. I ordered the beef stroganoff, which came with carrots and mashed potatoes. This was comfort food to the max and warmed my bones on a extremely cold winter day. 
My friends who have been before ordered the green borscht, which they raved about. I sampled some and agree that it was very good, but not as memorable as the eggplant salad and the bread. 
The eggplant salad was a cold salad, which I usually don't like, but the flavorful combination of garlic, walnuts, pomegranate, eggplant, and savory seasonings lit up my tastebuds. The bread seemed to be freshly baked and I kept raving about it so a friend recommended I buy some when we went to the local Net Cost afterwards. It's in the oven now.   
I highly recommend this place if you're in the mood for some great comfort food with a foreign twist. You won't be disappointed.I've been to this place several times now and have not been disappointed once. The servings are large, priced very well, and delicious. There is seating indoors and out, and the restaurant really feels like a community hot-spot. Tables inside are usually packed and you sit close together, almost like a family dinner. 
The prices encourage you to try several plates and you should! The eggplant salad and lamb kebabs are both incredible and the range of dishes is nice as well (I wasn't expecting to see kimchi!).  The only knock I have here is that it takes awhile for the waitresses to realize that you're finished, even with direct eye contact. All in all an excellent restaurant that I'll continue going back to.To get the bad out of the way - the service was pretty terrible. We went to the front restaurant and were told our reservation was for the tent, we were then sent back to the restaurant, and finally back to the tent where we were finally given a table. It was windy so the plastic side of the tent kept hitting us in the arm.  We were only given one glass of water, and it took 15 minutes to get any attention from a busboy or waitstaff.  However, once I adjusted to the service, and realized that this is similar to service I got at Uzbek restaurants in Russia and Ukraine I took this as a sign of authenticity and relaxed.
The service aside, the food was AMAZING. I've been to many central asian restaurants and each dish was on par or better than the best dishes I've had in eastern europe/central asia.  I was instantly transported.  My boyfriend and I got the lagman, pilov, manti, cheburek, lamb shish, potatoes, and bread.  This was enough for 4 people easily, but we figured that we had paid for the zip car so why not indulge.  The best part - this feast was $37!! Add in that it's a BYO and it was a total steal. 
I'm definitely coming back if possible.  Maybe earlier to get a little more waitstaff attention.The food was good but the service was pretty bad. The server was rude. They took a lifetime to bring out our food. They didn't bring out the bread until we were almost done with our food.Best restaurant in NE Philly!!! I am always satisfied every time I go here. Food comes out in 10 minutes, no matter how busy they are. All salads and soups are always fresh and deliciously made. I love the interior as well because it adds the spark to the whole restaurant. Desserts are to die for! They make the cakes themselves which you have to try!!!Great food, we ordered chicken and beef kebabs they were on point! And with the amazing prices you can't go wrong!Ok I am going to give them a star back.
I know what you are thinking "why the in all the fiery hells would she let herself go back there?" well I got out voted, that is why.
They have spaced out the tables inside so you are not on top of the table next to you. The food was good & fresh and the service was better. Granted it was Tuesday night so it was slow. 
So I will begrudgingly give them another star for the improvement over my last visit.Great food, I love their bread & kebab's. Their carrot salad is excellent. Laid back atmosphere. Bang for your bucks.Great service and delicious lamb. The host was a lot of fun to talk to after dinner. Hummus was good as well, a little zesty but still very tasty.Loved this place!! Bring a bottle or two oand head over to this place to have a long, satisfying meal with friends and/or family. All the salads and shish kebobs were delicious. Also great was the spinach and feta pancake, the potato dumplings, the bread and lastly the coffee. I can't wait to go back here!fWhat a great find in the northeast. Good food, byob from vodka to beer, and the outdoor sitting was just right.  We had to wait for our seats, and all told, we were there for three hours, but that was just right.We pass by this place all the time. It was highly recommended from our good friends so we stopped in here tonight... Awesome place! Great food! Amazing kabobs!! We had shrimp, Salmon, Lamb Ribs and Skirt Steak... so good... We will be back..Our longtime eatery.  We've taken many friends and visitors here and have never been disappointed. We were introduced to this Uzbek  cuisine by friends who were originally from Uzbekistan and who knew we would enjoy it.  Large quantities, extensive selection, reasonable prices and great tasting.  How can you miss?Great food! One of the best. Last minute decision and it was the best.  Would recommend to everyone who wants a great service and excellent lunch or dinner!Delicious food, ordered take out because I wasn't taking four kids ages 7 and under to a restaurant where they would likely throw a fit.  Our favorites were the beef stroganoff or the chicken kabobs. The baklava was different than what we were expecting, not a strong honey taste, but we don't like desserts that are too sweet and so we all enjoyed it. The older kids weren't keen on trying the food, but my baby loved everything we gave him. The food did take longer than expected, but it came out hot and they even helped me take it to my car. Overall a wonderful restaurant and will likely make another order out.  Definitely worth trying!!Ever wanted to travel to Russia or its former satellite states but missed your chance? Well eating at Uzbekistan comes pretty close to the real thing. You won't hear much English spoken amongst the guests, Russian is the language used to converse over delicious soups, dumplings, a vast offering of salads, and hearty meaty entrees. And its all being washed down with BYO vodka, cognac, and wine (bottles and bottles of it)! The wild, strange variety shows streaming into a couple of TVs, direct from Moscow, seal the deal!
What can I say? If you love an exotic experience, you'll love Uzbekistan. If you are annoyed by anything unusual, people enjoying life and food with family and friends-with gusto and an occasional miscommunication, you'll hate it. 
The food is good, but not gourmet, and a mix of Russian and Uzbeki. The prices are modest and the portions are plentiful. The bread is insanely satisfying!  I've been numerous times and always gotten great service, perhaps not lively and engaging, but nothing to complain about. 
My only complaint is that it is not closer to where I live. Otherwise I'd be there at least once a week.We had a feast here. I was really impressed with the homemade noodle soup and the tea.  Everything we ordered was very good.  We definitely will be back.  The atmosphere and people are quite traditional.  I loved seeing the fresh grapes growing on the vine hanging near the entrance to the restaurant.Never again!!!
We arrived at the restaurant,  while on vacation, having been to many such places in Brooklyn.  We can in,  and were asked if we wanted to sit inside or outside,  when we said INSIDE,  we were told its full and outside was our only option, and  we were seated outside. 
About 15 minutes later our order was taken,  tea, and compot...  soup, salad And cherry verniki and beef stroganoff,  simple enogh.
20 mins later we get compot....  we ask for tea,  we are told that it takes a while to boil the water,   
We got soups,  salads,  finished both,  asked for tea,  were told it takes a while to boil the water!  
While others are getting tea.  After 40+ minutes in the restaurant, we told them we no long want the tea,  and which point we were told the waiter brought it out 2x already,  but to the wrong table.   We cancelled the tea (even though a respectable restaurant who values its patrons, and who's waiters dont know who orders what,  would have still brought it out, and apologized)
Stroganoff was very oily,  like 1/2 cup of oil was poured off, and vareniki were cold.  
They didnt  get a tip, and I should have deducted the "service charge"!  
Never again!!What a pleasant surprise.  
I've actually been to Tashkent, Uzbeksitan but wasn't sure what to expect.
My party shared pickled mushrooms, tomatoes/onions salad, and bread.  
Pickled Mushrooms and Bread are an absolute must. 
My friend and I share Pilav and Manti and we each ordered 1 chicken and 1 lamb kabob. 
The kabobs are a MUST.  
Everything was delicious but if I were to go back, I think i'll get the bread, pickled mushrooms and a couple of kabobs.One of my favorite restaurant in the area. Shish Kebabs are exceptional, as well as home fries.  Great service and reasonable prices.Food is inconsistent. Some dishes were good others weren't. It's not worth it for the price! I went here on my birthday too so you can imagine how I felt. The pulov was almost the same you get at all three places I am going to mention except it wasn't. It was sloppily cooked. The Caesar salad Was not fresh at all. ( I would never ever get that but one of my friends got it) we asked for green tea but got black instead(?? Whatever I didn't say anything) I went to ZAHAV, shish kabob place, and here all within one week because I LOVE middle eastern food. I have to say out of the three Shish kabob is the cheapest and best tasting! This  place might look nice but shish kabob is much better for the food! Save your money Go there instead!This was my first time eating Russian cuisine and I left as a big fan of it. 
The mushroom soup and the bread were phenomenal. I loved the tiny carafe of sour cream sauce.  The Pilov Samarkand had very flavorful rice that was cooked perfectly. The meat was very tender. 
I brought a coworker back the next day and he agreed. This was one for the record books.