Never done this before but ordered take out just for the halo halo dessert. 
Worth it. 
I'd eat this by the tubful if I could. 
The only other restaurant I'd order a single dessert take out would probably be the birds nest from aquavit in nyc. 
So good. Get this dessert now. 
Oh and I'm sure the savory here is also good based on shared lineage with vedge =pCame here for happy hour with a friend a couple of weeks ago and ended up ordering a tequila cocktail and Sichuan soft pretzels  off the happy hour menu, and the Dan Dan noodles, seitan tacos and Peruvian fries off the regular menu. After reading all the reviews I was most looking forward to the Peruvian fries but they were way oversalted and my least favorite thing. My favorite dish ended up being the seitan tacos - the seitan was seasoned and crisped to perfection, and I need the recipe for the sauce that came on the side because I could seriously eat that every day. The dan Dan noodles were also solid (and spicy, as they should be). The pretzels were just ok, I think there was fennel in them which didn't quite work and the ginger mustard had a bite to it that wasn't all that pleasing, and I'm normally one to love all things ginger. Service was friendly - maybe a bit on the slow side, but I wasn't in a rush.V Street has easily become one of my favorite new spots. I'm not a vegetarian, however, the food at V Street could make me become one (I'm sure my friends would like to hear that!). I came here for lunch and then again for dinner a week later - the lunch and dinner menu is the same.  
We tried the following foods:
For starters we ordered the Peruvian Fries and Piri Piri Tofu. The Peruvian Fries were AMAZING and definitely a must have - the large fries come with a sauce that my girlfriends and I were fighting over. The Piri Piri Tofu was good as well, however, I could have done without the chermoula potato salad.  
For our entrees we tried the Langos, Dan Dan Noodles, and Korean Fried Tempeh Reuben. The Langos were similar to a fluffy fried dough topped with smoked beets and sauerkraut.  It was pretty good but small.  The Dan Dan Noodles were very yummy (on par with Hans Dynasty) and nice and spicy! I would say that the Tempeh Reuben is the most filling of the dishes - I was actually surprised how full I was afterwards. 
For cocktails we went with the happy hour menu and got a drink made with vodka and thai iced tea.  My only suggestion would be to add a cocktail to the regular drink menu that has vodka.
The ambiance is nice. The restaurant was actually bigger than I thought it was going to be (it's quite long). It has a nice big window in the front with seating, more seating in the back and then a large bar in the middle.  The service was good as well and the servers were knowledgeable.I wanted to love this but the portions were SO SMALL.
We got Kung Pao noodles and tacos, and it wasn't enough, at all.
The no-alcohol mixed drink I got was great though. It was like a Portugese twist on an Arnold Palmer, very refreshing.
Wait staff were fairly attentive.I went here with friends. I wasnt sure what to expect as someone who eats meat but i have to say the food was amazing and flavorful!! The places is small is cozy. We tried the tempeh tacos and they taste similar to fried chicken and usually i would have to add stuff to flavor but the tacos didnt need anything it was very flavorful. We had 3 people but the tacos come in 2 but they let us add another. 
For dessert we tried the asi kacang, very flavorful with so many different elements!! It was amazing! I absolutely loved it!! This place made it to the one of top of food in philly!Street food - what a great concept for a vegan restaurant. I didn't care for the Peruvian fries, which was the only dish that we left unfinished in a party of five sharing dishes. The piri piri tofu and the langos were excellent, but the Korean tacos were the best! 
The only negative, the space has weird acoustics, the sound reverberated and we could barely have a conversation or hear the waitress. I imagine when the place is not packed for lunch this wouldn't be a problem.I've been thinking about their chile noodles every day since coming here last week. Super flavorful, and hits that sweet spot of vegan food that's actually filling. Stole a bite of my gal's ramen too, also pretty tasty. I recommend getting a drink with their house made ginger syrup as well! Pretty inexpensive on top of that."Great flavor! But be aware that portions are small. Desserts were subpar compared to main"
Noodles are surprisingly luscious without any animal products. Harissa grilled tofu is also tasty but it won't be filling. Very tasty mains.
Fries app was fine. Crispy exterior with flavorful toppings but they are potato wedges so the inside was just bland baked potato.
Desserts were not as exciting. The soft serve of the day was Cuban coffee and it was good but nothing noteworthy. Waffle with ice cream and chocolate drizzle was fine but again nothing noteworthy. And sweet potato parfait was again unimpressive.Really enjoyed the drinks and the bar. Food was excellent (as expected from this Chef and his legacy at Vedge.)
The Shishito and two types of tacos were standouts.Raving about this place! Came here on a Tuesday night with a friend around 7:45pm without reservations and was seated in less than 10 minutes despite how packed it was. My friend is vegan and I'm vegetarian so we figured it'd be a good choice for dinner.
We ordered the Peruvian fries to share- delicious! This dish is bigger than it looks in pictures because there are fries underneath the three big ones I've seen in pictures. I was hesitant to try it because ahi is spicy but the flavor was so rich and truly amazing. 
I ordered the miso butter noodles, which the waitress recommended as a decently filling dish that was not spicy. And yes it was filling and delicious! The noodles tasted buttery but not over the top, and the scallions and ginger flavor balanced it out.
My friend felt very full after eating the Korean tempeh tacos. Even though there were only two tacos, they were decently sized and she said the tempeh was very filling. If you do not like spicy food this is probably not the dish for you. 
For two entrees and a shared item, we paid $36- not bad! Considering the immense flavor and rich taste of the food it was worth it. Our waitress and all the staff were very friendly and accommodating too. Definitely coming back for more!Trusting the reviews and recommendations of fellow Yelpers I made reservations at V Street.  What followed was a memorable meal and lovely way to close-out a trip to Philadelphia.
We were welcomed by an effervescent maître d'hôtel and were seated immediately.  Our waiter, like each staff member I spoke with, was prompt, professional, polite and well versed with the menu.  As a vegetarian, often vegan, I often find myself with limited options when dining out but this time I was spoiled for choice; the entire menu sounded appetizing.  After some deliberation my SO ordered the Peruvian Fries and Kung Pao Noodles while I opted for the Carrot Asado Salad and Dan Dan Noodles.
The atmosphere at VStreet is hip, vibrant, and intimate.  Laughter, conversation and the sounds of clinking silverware become part of the auditory backdrop. Walls covered in neon graffiti, back-lit booths, and metallic fixtures impart a tempered industrial charm.  Strings of lights above give the feeling of dining alfresco.  
It's a bustling night in the city but the noise is low enough to allow a private conversation without raising ones voice.  Our appetizers arrive quickly.  The Peruvian fries, an elevated take on comfort food, were perfectly cooked.  The peanuts were a welcomed textural contrast to the soft yet crisp potatoes and the olives provided just the right amount of salinity. The aji amarillo added a bit of heat and the cilantro rounded out the dish with an herbaceous finish.
The carrot asado salad was bright, savory, fresh, balanced and refreshing; a symphony of Latin American flavors.  From poblanos to pepitas each component made sense and the char on the carrots gave a smokey depth to the dish.
Shortly after we finished our appetizers the waiter surprised us with a free plate of peppered string beans. For those who enjoy bold favors and liberal seasoning this dish is for you. Lots, and I mean lots, of black pepper, sea salt and black vinegar offset still crisp green bean; the interplay kept you coming back for another bite.
After three great courses our entrées arrived. I didn't sample the kung pao noodles, so I cannot comment, but my SO was quite satisfied and judging from the smile on her face it was a well executed dish; or many it was my charming company. =P
Lastly, and unfortunately least, were the dan dan noodles.  I found the plating a bit sloppy and the vegetables amounted to scallions and a bit of julienned zucchini.  The noodles were correctly cooked but as the sauce cooled it glommed onto the everything else and formed a sticky mess. The zucchini and chilis were lost to the rather blasé peanut sauce.  The best thing on the plate, by far, were the grilled mushrooms - smokey, earthy, and delicious - I wish there had been more.Great spot for Happy Hour and/or Restaurant week if you're looking for a change of pace in food. While I've only been for drinks and small plates, the Peruvian fries were definitely more-ish, and the cocktails were tasty!Absolutely worth the price. My boyfriend and I came in and had a ton of small things to split - the Peruvian fries in particular blew my mind. Every dish seemed to represent a different part of the world. Our drinks were tasty and just the right kind of strong.After 4 trips to V street, I feel that we have enough of the flavor of the place to write a review.
First let me say that the place has a cool and interesting vibe--simple, under decorated  in a good way,easy on the eye.
The noise level is deafening.  This may be an age related issue.  We are not millennials.
We have tried most of the menu and except for  the potatoes there is nothing that stands out. And even these have been hit or miss.
The staff has always been helpful and informed, but for a chef that is so lauded, we expected something much more original and tasty.
We are not rushing back any time soon.This place was absolutely amazing! The ambience, the wait staff, the food, the drinks..... spectacular! I will definitely be back. My favorite dishes were the; Sancocho 
Cauliflower, and Peruvian fries (get extra sauce on the side for dipping). If I could choose a place for my first date V Street would do me beyond justice. Good food and guilt free because its veggie !!Had high hopes, and the food lived up to my expectations and was great but because of the service I received I will not be going back. Ordered dinner at the bar( which the host advised me to do since I didn't have a reservation) the bartender who was not busy took forever to come over after glancing in our direction multiple times, never took a second to explain any of the specials or menu until asked and barely gave us the time of day. Made my experience uncomfortable although food was fantastic.So I'm just leaving V street for the first time and I may have to say the food was delicious! There was four of us and everything we got was great. We ordered one order of Peruvian fries, jerk mushrooms, grilled guacamole, miso noodles, south Philly and Korean taco. The flavors were wonderful as well as presentation. Oh, the "Cruz control" drink on their cocktail menus was sooooo good! 
The 4 stars comes from our service being less than average. It took 15-20 minutes for us to order, and then all of our food, appetizers and main courses came at once. Our server never checked on us. But the busser and the woman who was walking around helping were EXCELLENT. They should switch jobs. 
I will be back to eat, but on the dinner shift so I don't get the same server!One of the best veg restaurants I've ever been to. Food, drinks and wait staff were fantastic. Erin helped us and she was the best.V street was delicious! Stopped by for Happy hour. The happy hour drink and food menu is pretty limited but the kentucky blues drink was strong! 
The tofu taco was delicious. Absolutely order one per person. You won't want to share. The cold sesame noodles were good. We also ordered a few items off the main menu. The dan dan noodles was unbelievable!!! A slow spice..definitely order this if you are a fan of spice and mushrooms!Food and Customer service was amazing. Would recommend this restaurant to any vegetarian/vegan. 10/10Took myself out to dinner here after a long day of traveling from Boston, and I'm glad I did! The food was great and flavorful - I highly recommend the cauliflower tacos - and the service was very quick, attentive and friendly. I recommend about two dishes per person; I ordered two and left very full, and the woman next to me ordered three and ended up taking leftovers home (also a good option, of course).Unforgettable lunch! The Broccoli Salad, Carrot Asada, and Peruvian Fries were delectable! We also thorough enjoying the Tempeh Tacos as well as the Mushroom Tacos. The Tempeh were a bit heavier but super flavorful. The Mushroom were on the lighter side, but equally amazing.One of the best vegetarian restaurants that I have been to in awhile! The za'atar flatbread, korean fried tempeh tacos, philly shawarma tacos, and carrot asado salad were all delicious. The dishes were characterized by bold, well-balanced flavors and artistic, thoughtful presentation. They all worked well for sharing! The setting is welcoming, invites conversation, and the service is very friendly and attentive. V Street certainly lives up to its reputation and I can't wait to go back!Fantastic flavors!!!  Every dish was excellent.  Small space and laid back vibe make for a cozy night out.Oh man, this place is out of this world! I love this restaurant and it doesn't even taste like vegan food. You got to come here with several people so you can try everything on the menu because it is all delicious! Stand outs for me are the Peruvian fries, the Korean tacos, and the Dan Dan noodles. Be careful though - in order for vegan food to taste like not vegan food, there are almost always lots of oils and fats used so you'll leave a feel rather gluttonous. I.e. why you need more people to spread the wealth!really really good food. i really liked all the dishes. my favorite was the fries. the cocktails were on the sweeter side.... didn't exactly love them, hence the -1 starI was looking forward to dining at V Street for a few weeks and it definitely lived up to my expectations. As others noted, the restaurant is small and it was very loud but still a nice atmosphere.
The food was incredible and I enjoyed every dish ordered. My favorites were the cauliflower tacos and dan dan noodles. Both were on the spicy side for my taste but still fantastic. The piri piri tofu and jerk trumpet mushrooms were also great. The Peruvian fries were ok, nothing special in my opinion but still good.  Also had the soft serve for dessert and loved every bite.
I left feeling extremely full but it was worth it. I definitely would like to come back to VStreet.This is my go-to happy hour spot. A great little bar that's classy yet simple serving delicious vegan small plates and cocktails. Love that the menu changes daily and never disappoints. Just save room for dessert, still dream of the banana beer Belgium waffle a la Mode I had here over the summer.Amazing experience. I have to say Best vegan food in philly. Must try their Korean fried tempeh taco. Carrot asado salad was delicious. Gr8 service. Fair price. Take at least 4 plates between two people.Korean tempeh tacos were good. I think I would have liked it more if I had eaten in, but I got my food to go since I was in a rush, so the presentation was underwhelming. Tasty, and slightly spicy.V Street was good.  But the dishes we sampled were starchier, heavier, and not as inspired as Vedge - and overpriced for what it was.  For dinner we shared the Langos -- delicious fresh small bialy topped with tender chopped beets and dilled vegan sourcream/vegannaise spread reminiscent of lox on a bagel; and the XO brocolli -- which was literally 6 (or was it 8) florets of broccoli doused with an Asian stir fry sauce.  Not very inventive, and considering that it was 6 florets, pretty steeply priced at $8.  We also had the trumpet mushrooms which were fabulous meaty morsels; and then the dan dan noodles, which was a very small -disappointingly small- bowl of noodles for $12 served with an appropriately spicy sauce and delicious mushrooms.  The best were the mushrooms.  V Street, like Vedge, rocks its mushrooms.  We split the Ais Kacang for dessert and loved every non-vegan tasting thing about this creamy wonderful creation.  I prefer Vedge, which although more expensive, feels a level or three above V street, in creativity, taste and atmosphere.Thank you Vedge for having a little sister!  I couldn't wait and dragged the husband opening weekend.  We sat at the back counter.  I loved watching the kitchen staff do their thing.  It was nice to see Chef Landau in his element.  Before each dish was sent out it was meticulously looked over to make sure presentation was 100%.  They did not spare on details.  I love papadums so we had to get this.  I could eat this endlessly.  The langos was interesting and yummy with the smoked beets, sauerkraut remoulade, and dill.  I loved the mushroom dan dan noodles, I almost wished i didn't have to share.  High five for the korean tacos!  Definitely had to end the night with the halo halo.  I can't pass up taro ice cream.  Everything tasted so fresh and clean.  I can't wait to indulge in their libations soon enough.My wife and I went on the opening weekend and they have already nailed it!  The food was consistent hot and fresh.  The drinks were unique.  The owner was accessible and monitoring the scene.  The open kitchen will invite Vegan oohs and ahs.  I have not had a potato skins in 5 years and was pleased to find not only potato skins but great potato skins.  Ordered a second round  when our friend arrived.  Good location.The best Vegiterian restaurant at center city Philadelphia. 
Small portions but great tasty food. Menu changes every couple of weeks by demand, they  actually took off my favorite dish "masbahah" (eggplant with tahini)
Great bar and great food for VegiteriansI want to like this place but somehow everything my table order was just sooooo spicy.  The peruvian fries was the best dish on the table as it was the only thing we were able to taste.  The dan dan noodles was such a small dish for its price.  It would be a great place for drinks and hanging out watching as people walk by.V Street is delicious! We had eaten at vedge before and loved the food, V street is like a more-laid back and less expensive version of that experience. We love that the menu incorporates a variety of culture's cuisine. My boyfriend and I split one item off each of the three sections of the menu. We also HAVE TO HAVE DESSERT. Especially the soft serve ice cream OH MY GOODNESS. 10/10 recommend for vegans/non-vegans because its amazing what a great chef can do with only veggies!Amazing service. Highly recommend the carrots and the Peruvian fries. The soft serve was such a fun dessert and they switch up the flavors.Seriously overhyped. Went here for the first time Saturday night for dinner with my two friends. I ordered the spicy dan dan noodles while my friends ordered the Peruvian fries, jerk grilled tofu, and miso butter noodles. 
The spicy dan dan noodles were meh. I appreciate spicy food but not if food is just spicy with no flavor. My one friend said that the miso butter noodles were too salty and my other friend thought her jerk grilled tofu and Peruvian fries were underwhelming. And did I mention that the portions are small?
On the positive side the atmosphere is very modern. It's a very trendy place and the wait staff are nice enough.Joined a vegan friend here for happy hour.  I'm not vegan, but I can't wait to go back here.  The happy hour was packed and a bit noisy, but if it were quiet and empty, that would probably be a bad sign. Can't speak to "regular menu " pricing, but the happy hour prices and portions seemed very fair.Some of the best food in Philadelphia. Every dish was flawless! 
Interesting, unique flavors and a fabulous atmosphere!Always a pleasurable and memorable experience. From the food to the service, V Street always leave a great impression. I love going here for special occasions or simple weeknight dinners. The menu is the same, yet different every time. You can find "usuals" such as Dan Dan Noodles or Cauliflower 65. You can find seasonal specials such as beet langos or Apple Pie ice cream. I (shamelessly) always leave wanting more.It was good. That being said, I most likely won't return. I feel like this is more about being "hip and with it" than being a vegan restaurant.. I get that it's tapas inspired, but there is no reason 2 tacos should cost $14, period. There was nothing spectacular about anything we ordered off of their menu of 6 dishes (I may be exaggerating, but seriously the menu is tiny). There is much better vegan food in Philadelphia for way less. If you're vegan and from out of town, don't waste your time.Stopped in for lunch on a Monday around 1:15 and was happy to hear that a table was available almost immediately. The food and service were both great, but the portions are on the small side. My husband and I shared the french fries. I had the Dan Dan Noodles and he had the Reuben. The Dan Dan Noodles were a bit on the spicy side, but our server did warn me ahead of time. The tempeh reuben was quite tasty. We also had a soft serve dessert that was excellent. All in all, a really nice spot for lunch. Just wish the portions were a little larger. Would love to come back for dinner.I've been here quite a few times, but had an extremely good experience here recently. 
I'm not vegan, I don't like spicy food, and I'm not particularly an adventurous eater. The staff was very informative in regards to what was spicy and what could be modified to be less spicy. The service was prompt and friendly. 
The ramen was extremely flavorful and I might go once a week during the winter to recreate the experience. Really awesome place.Usually I shy away from "Asian inspired" places. But this place was awesome, especially considering it's vegan. Definitely should be on everyone's list, not just those making certain dietary choices.  
There wasn't a single dish we had that wasn't awesome, but our favorites were the tempeh taco and the dan dan noodles.
Portions are small for the price, but the excellent taste and presentation make up for it.Amazingly wonderful vegan food. I think we had almost one of everything. The corn was superb. The Trumpet mushroom dish was tasty but more potato salad then mushrooms. The waffle dessert and purple potato coconut whip dessert we off the hook!
As a vegan newbie I appreciate any place that can provide an entire menu of good foods where I can choose anything. Def worth supporting if you live or are traveling to the Rittenhouse Sq area.This place might be my favorite place to brunch in philadelphia now. Everything is so amazing it's impossible to pick something bad. All the food and Beverages are spectacular. VEGETARIAN HYPERBOLE! Do it.I've been dying to try V Street ever since I heard about it and I have to say, I was not disappointed. 
First, I showed up with my date at 7:15 on a Saturday with no reservation. Bad move. The place was packed. This restaurant is quite small and there is basically a 20ft bar with seating, counter space by the window with a few stools, and a handful of tables as well as an even smaller bar in the back. Luckily for me, when I made it to the hostess stand about 15 minutes after arriving, instead of laughing in my face when I told her we didn't have a reservation, she squeezed us into the only two person table in the bar area. Phew. Next time I'll make a reservation.
On to the food. We weren't too hungry, so decided to order one plate from each section and share. We ended up with the Carrot Asado Salad, the Za'atar Flatbread, and the Korean Tempeh Tacos. All three are great choices. The first two dishes came out quickly, within minutes. The salad was really outstanding. The grilled carrot had such a great sweet and savory flavor and the rest of the salad was crisp, flavorful, and perfectly dressed. The Za'atar flatbread was my least favorite of the bunch, but it was my date's favorite. I would have preferred the Brussels sprout slightly more charred and a little crispness to the crust to add some more dynamic texture to the dish. The flavors were all there, though. The last dish was the star for me. The tacos were a good size and the filling was generous. Perfect amount of heat and I loved the large strip of crunchy fried tempeh. A real treat.
The drinks we had were also quite good. Inventive and light, I particularly enjoyed the Arak in the Miles Davis in Byblos drink. Very refreshing and not too sweet.
Needless to say, I'm coming back here to try more of the menu and I can't wait.Wow! Service was great. Eventhough plates are small we got full and over ordered. The tempeh tacos and the cauliflower dish was out of this world! Leave room for dessert.Went to v street on a Thursday night for a 'light dinner' ended up eating way too much.
It's a tiny little restaurant and very busy so reservation is a good idea. There is a happy hour menu that applies to bar or window sections. 
Our greeter and server were both awesome. They are attentive and quick to respond. 
The food choices were interesting. We ordered the Peruvian fries, Brussels sprout salad, tempeh taco, and cauliflower taco. Everything was really good. I've never had such good vegan food!
I couldn't say more good things about v street. My experience was great and can't wait to go back in the near future!This place is pretty impressive....creative dishes and with some incredible flavors makes really  good food. The small portions and slightly high prices don't really take away much from the experience. And to think all this is vegan/ vegetarian!Finally got a chance to go to V Street last night with the husband. Vedge has been my favorite restaurant since it opened and now I have another favorite!  I have Celiac's Disease and they have a separate gluten free menu which makes things really easy! We had the Shishito Peppers (delish) , Jerk Mushrooms (wish they were more spicy) Peruvian Fries (amazing), Carrot Asado (delish) and the Korean Fried Tempeh Tacos (BY FAR MY FAVORITE TACOS I HAVE EVER HAD - ANYWHERE).....the sizing is generous, and I was extremely stuffed and happy leaving after a few glasses of bubbly! Our bartender was also very nice & attentive. Thanks for another great date night :)O
M
G
If you havent been, you need to go!  This place is amazing. The menu is small but excellent. Service and staff were great, and ambiance is super cool. it is a small place, be warned, but definitely manageable. I called ahead since there were no reservations available online and was advised that the bar and open kitchen bar are both available for walk-ins, so we were able to get seated right away. the place was packed!  Bonus, we were at the open kitchen bar so we got to watch the magic happen. 
We tried the carrot asado salad (something like that), peruvian fries, and both of the tacos. Everything was delicious.  I think my favorites were the carrot salad and tacos w/ tempeh, kimchee, and whatever other deliciousness they put in there.  We also tried the waffle desert, which was great, but the actual dinner really trumped it.
Same ownership as Vedge, which is also amazing. V street is way more chill though, and less $$. "street food" style vs. fine dining, to put it simply. 
I can't wait to go back!I have never left so satisfied! The service was exceptional and the food was so delicious that I am still dreaming of the Langos. Please, take my word and delight your taste buds with the Langos. I don't typically eat beets, but holy moly I will now. To die for. To drool over!Food: 4/5 
Ordered: Lagos Brunch Bun and Waffles
- Portion sizes are NOT consistent throughout dishes.
- Lagos Brunch Bun was filling and flavorful. A good blend of tart and sweet flavors, which can be hard to balance. 
- Each waffle had their own dressing which was great. You aren't forced to mix the two flavors if you don't want to, I chose not to. 
- The sesame butter on the waffles had a lot of texture, which Puja doesn't like, but I don't mind. 
Ordered: Po-boy Tacos
-Average flavor. 
-Bloody Mary was spicy.
Service: 3/5
- Nothing exceptional, service was average. 
- When it was busy, you could tell the hostess was stressed. Definitely rubbed off as we entered. 
Ambiance: 3/5 
-Semi-casual for brunch and dinner.
-It's a really small space so be ready to be bumping elbows with people as you eat. 
Would we go back? Yes. (Go for the items that are not a safe choice).Fantastic vegetarian street food joint perfect to go to with a small group of friends to share the entire menu of small plates.  My friend is from India and said the cauliflower "65" was exactly as she remembered it from home. I have lived in China and used to eat dan dan mian regularly. V Street's version is extremely on point and was my favorite of the six items we tried.  We almost went back the next day just to have the dan dan noodles by themselves again. I can't recommend this place enough if you enjoy global street food. I would come back to visit Philly for those noodles alone.Finally! Spicy vegan food!
This is a welcome addition to the vegan food scene in Philly, which, by all accounts, is already impressive.
Highlights - 
1) Curry cauliflower - spicy, smoky
2) Dan Dan Noodles - spicy, noodle-y
3) Langos - basically, a savory donut of deliciousness
4) Piri Piri Tofu - Tofu on a skewer
We didn't fall in love with the cocktails - they are creative but didn't blow us away.  We tried the Cruz Control - sweet but somewhat bland. Bolder flavors needed. My wife liked the Hong Kong Karaoke - accurately described as "boozy."
Will revisit V Street soon!Introduced my husband here to start showing him that vegan food can be interesting. Since he's basically going down the path of eliminating almost all meat and dairy, I wanted to make sure he knew there was a world of eating that didn't have to only be at the Whole Foods bar if he wanted veggies. 
He was so blown away by the 6 plates and both desserts we chose that he wanted to go back and try the rest of the menu, including the happy hour menu which has 3 more plates you can't get on the regular dinner menu. 
It's an exciting new vegan world for him and I'm glad it started at V Street so as not to scare him away. On to Vedge for a serious date night and then on to the rest of the city's vegan eats.Chef Rich Landau is a genius. You will never go wrong with this amazing restaurant. Quality is out of this world. 5 stars all the way. Vegan dream come true but you don't have to be a vegan to enjoy this place.A Rittenhouse gem. Easily one of the best dining experiences I had. The boyfriend took me here on my last visit here and I was so happy we did! The restaurant was simple: nothing too extravagant inside, and the menu short (not to be confused with not enough good food - every dish was memorable).  
We ordered the following:
1. Mushroom dan dan noodles - delicious! I love mushrooms and the gravy of the noodles was perfect. Not too oily, and paired with well cooked dan dan noodles and big mushrooms with the gravy. 
2. Peruvian fries - my boyfriend and I were secretly fighting over these...that good. We kept offering the plate to each other, hoping the other wouldn't eat the last few bites until finally he just ate the last bite #keeper. These fries were some of the best I've had - think thick steak cut fries, with cilantro, onions, and a yellow sauce of some sort. The flavors were unique and like I've never had before!
3. Tempeh sandwich - our favorite part, besides the tempeh which I usually don't love (this was cooked extremely well though), were the pickled pickles. The pickles had a jalapeno sort of juice on them, making them zestier and spicier. Extremely delicious with our sandwich! 
4. House coffee soft serve ice cream - simple but smooth, strong and a perfect end to our meal. 
For drinks, I tried the lemonade of the day, sparkling cherry. A little too sweet for me, and on the higher side, priced at $5 for a small glass, but still very good. My bf had the mustard gin cocktail...sounded weird and also tasted a bit weird. But it worked! Again, so unique . 
We were floored by the service, simple ambiance, and "street" style food.
I recommend ordering 2-3 dishes for 2. We ordered 3 and had trouble finishing everything with our drinks (but of course we wiped our plates clean). The dishes look small but are filling and heavy. 
5/5.Amazing!! My daughter is newly vegan so I was a little nervous to go but it was so wonderful. It's a tiny place and small menu selection but the food is so wonderful. You do need a reservation (for dinner at least) and the food is a little spicy but it gives it that kick. I can't wait to go again!So amazing. Was a little worried we'd still be hungry with small portions but we spilt four dishes with four people and were satisfied. We had Tempe tacos, ban me, Dan Dan noodles, and something else. Im usually not a Tempe fan but this was crisp on the outside and tender inside.the sauces and side vegetable were amazing.We all were quite happy.the cocktails were great.the horchata was to die for. The desserts were inhaled.Had an amazing time at V street today! Had no idea Vegan food can be so so tasty! We had a 7pm reservation but the previous guests took longer than anticipated. We had to wait for 20 or so minutes but it was no trouble, we sat at the bar counter and chatted away. The staff was so courteous and really apologetic because we had to wait. We got the desserts on the house, which they really did not have to do but we really appreciated it. They also gave up a complimentary appetizer. The Dan dan noodles are fabulous and spicy (careful if you don't like spicy food). We also got the Mee goreng which was delicious. The Harissa grilled tofu tacos were so tasty as well. We got the Rose Lemonade and Imli Soda which were great, a bit on the sweeter side though. The soft serve of the day was really good. All in all, the place is great, good food , ambience and excellent staff.Dan dan noodles are tasty and spicy, just what I like. My only complaint is portion size. It was quite small and I wanted more.  Sit in the window if you can.  Great people watching.  They also don't constantly harass you like they do in vedge.  Good work owners!  Just incorporate these business practices into your other spots.Was just ok.  Not worth the trip into the city from the suburbs, but I guess if you are close it beats the chains. The room is pretty and the atmosphere is nice, but If you are looking for a special meal, this is not the place.This place is amazing. We got the Korean Fried Tempeh tacos (divine, 5/5), the Harissa Grilled Tofu (good combo of flavors and almost looked like grilled salmon or something, but was small for the price 4/5), the Smoked Beet Langos (I almost felt like I was eating a muffin w/ lox, but with beets! Also the dill was a great addition 5/5), and the Dan Dan noodles (glorious, chewy noodles and a creamy, spicy sauce 5/5). The waiter was attentive and friendly. Cool setting but loud at 8 pm. The dishes are small. We got two each and were full. Next time we'll share three and get dessert! Please eat here!The food here is next level good. I've been here a few times now and the atmosphere is very fun and lively. Get the Dan Dan noodles if you want some heat.Very impressed! This place would not be a first choice for a late brunch on a Saturday, but glad that our group of four decided to come here!
We ordered the grilled avocado to share, and I got the Philly Pho French Dip while others got the Langos, Korean Fried Tempeh Tacos, and the Phat Noodle Bowl. Our starter was very good! I loved that there was a large helping of grilled corn laid on top of an avocado. Not sure what the orange sauce on the plate was, but it was delicious! I had a few spoonfuls of this, and wish I could have ordered it just for myself!
Not a big fan of seitan, but my Philly Pho sandwich was exceptional! The bread, the broccoli rabe, the long hots, and the small bowl of pho "jus" for dipping. Whoever thought of this dish is a creative genius! The other girls also complimented their meals. However, I did think that the size of Langos and the noodle bowl was much smaller in comparison to the tacos and my sandwich.
I tried one of their drinks: Good Year in Ghana. And I was surprised how well the ingredients worked well together! I mean who knew brandy, banana, walnut, and chili would ever be in a drink? Not too sweet, either.
Our server was very helpful in explaining a lot of the dishes and drinks since half our group were vegan newbies. Highly recommend in checking this place out!Was not disappointed with this meal. Additionally everything came out very fast. There were three of us as we split: dan-dan noodles, Kung pow cukes, charred greens, Peruvian fries, 3 KFTs and the halo halo and 3 beignets and we were very satisfied at the end of the meal. The food is spicy so if you don't like spice this may not be the place for you! Nice ambiance as well.I am in love with this place. I love the vibe, the cocktails, and the Korean tempeh tacos - yumz!Delicious food. It can be sinful if you want - fried Korean tempeh tacos and Peruvian home fries. Or it can be healthy. I didn't try any of that, sorry. The flavors were clear and bold, and special to the country or countries they represented. We loved everything we got. It wasn't a long wait, either.The food was good, I had the Dan Dan Noodles, Corn and Brussel Sprouts. The portions are tiny.Went here for dinner. Food was dynamite! Delicious with the perfect amount of spice. I like spicy food. 
We tried the cauliflower 65.  Tofu ban mi and the dan dan noodles. Everything was a 10.  
Service was great. Wine amazing. I highly recommend this placeI am not a vegetarian by any stretch of the imagination. And V Street was one of the most satisfying dinners I have had in recent memory! My (vegetarian) date and I arrived around 7 on a rainy Sunday and sat at the bar (no problem snagging seats - there were also tables open). I had a cocktail and he had a glass of wine, both excellent. Discussing the menu took a while because there were SO many amazing options! We ordered the Peruvian fries, which were EVERY bit as good as people say. (What is in that sauce?!?!) The langos was a must, based on other reviews, and I think this was our favorite dish - it hit all the right notes, texture and complexity. And we ended with the Korean fried tempeh. Now, I'm not usually a fan of meat-substitute and I had never tried tempeh, but this was delicious. We left sated and happy, especially with the bill!  Prices are very reasonable and food was better than some of the high end Philly restaurants I've tried recently. Atmosphere is sexy and modern without being pretentious. I will be back to try out the mushroom dishes (date isn't a fan, but I am), and am curious about the soft serve and lunch!One of the meals that I've ever had!! Kimchi tacos, roasted corn, & charred broccoli were absolutely delicious & I'm craving them again the day after. Made a kids noodle dish as well for my kiddos (non spicy). Service was great. Vibe is super cool. Def coming back when visiting Philly next time & try drinks & dessert also. Thanks for a great meal & keep it up!!When my wife decided to be a vegan for the month of August, I tagged along for the ride.  I said I will be vegan but not a religious one.  I don't mind the missing proteins, but I love butter and cheese.
When she made reservations for our 21st Wedding anniversary at V Stree,  I was really skeptical.  I love food, there are so many amazing restaurants we love and I was worried about what this would be like.
Well let me say that if I could be a vegan at V Street I would be one every day!  When we walked out we both said we were sad we didn't live next door because then we could eat here everyday.
While the place is loud it is very beautiful.  There is a nice bar in the front along with some high tops, a bar in the back where you can watch the cooking and then a small number of tables in the middle.  It was crowded at the bar and busy. The service was cheerful, fast and nice.  We were greeted and seated right away.  The waiter came by and checked on us quickly and gave us a bottle of tap water.  He suggested 5-6 plates for 2 people and left us to think about it.
The menu is simple and changes from time to time.  There were Sticks, Market, and Plates- all really meant for sharing. We quickly agreed on: Jerk Trumpet mushrooms, Kung pao string beans, Tortilla Cobb salad, Peruvian fries and Mushroom Dan Dan noodles. Prices range from $7 to $12 per plate.
When we ordered we waited only about 3 minutes before the first plate to arrive- we had not even received our drinks.  The kung pao green beans set the tone for an incredible meal.  Spicy, flavorful we quickly finished them off. Everything here has a good spice to it. These are regional takes from places that have spicy flavors and they hit just the right note. The trumpet mushrooms were grilled on skewers with a delicious sweet potato aioli.  Each dish surprised us.  They were spicy, and large enough for both of us to get a nice plate. When we came to the end we were were very happy and full- but not too full to see what this chef could do with vegan desserts.  And they did not disappoint.
We had the waffle with chocolate sauce and soft serve with berry granita.  These were the perfect ending to a beautiful meal.
My two regrets:
It was too loud almost with a great soundtrack playing in the background but that just added to the level of noise.  It would be really nice if they could make a section in the back that was quieter?  Keep the front of house lively with the bar and put in some sound dampening in the back for a more romantic feel.
It went too fast.  We loved every bite but the plates flowed a little too quickly. The perfect places get this just right.  Get the drinks on the table,  bring a dish- watch the table, let them enjoy a bite and bring another. Let them savor the great food.  We were not rushed out, but our very nice dinner was done in under 1 hour.  I know they like to turn over tables but again there is something to be said for enjoying great food like this.
We will be back for lunch, brunch and another dinner soon.First time visitor here for brunch with my husband.  Wow, the food here has such great, complex flavor that you do not miss meat or dairy (if you eat those)!  For brunch, we shared the Za'atar Fries, West Indies Scramble, and Pho French Dip and loved all 3. We have a pretty low tolerance for spice level and found the Scramble and French Dip both a bit spicy.  Our server was super friendly and welcoming.  It was not too crowded or loud for 11am on a Sunday.Comes as no surprise at all that I'd love V Street. I was already well enamored with the delicious and innovative vegetable cooking going on at Vedge. V Street's cuisine is that same Vedge brand o' flavorfully intricate vegan small plates, but done up street food style. I am in favor of this. All of this. So much. 
Surrounded by the cocktail bar's vibrant buzz, there seems to be this collective energy in the air of enjoyment; the thing that happens where all around you are people just geeking out over the food. It feels fun. That's what I'm saying. The vibe of V Street feels both special occasion and fun. Fun food and drink here. The word, "Fun," again, one more time. For our initial visit we had for ourselves a veritable feast of globally inspired bites. From drinks to dessert, and everything in between, everything was absolutely excellent. And now I ramble.
Drinks: I had the Cruz Control. Tequila, horchata, and tepache. Super tasty. Pineapple-y from the tepache (a fermented drink made from pineapple rinds and sweetened with brown sugar, of which I am now obsessed), this colada-esque cocktail was sweet, creamy, cinnamony, and earthy. Loved it. Enjoyed so much I saved the little paper umbrella in it? For no damn reason, I guess, except that I'm becoming a really specific hoarder of tiki drink decorations? More ridiculous stuff to find in my bag.
Every single bite that we had was delicious. Top o' the list of deliciousness was the Langos. The Hungarian fried flatbread was impossibly buttery (without the butters of course), and full of  excellent flavors and textural contrast: crisp and soft, and warm and cool, and bright yet smoky...That's whatcha get with a dish sporting smoked chioggia beets, sauerkraut, and dill. I love this langos and will always forever more order it every time we return. Forever more! That's some, "Mark my words," kinda talk.
Feast continued: The thick-cut wedges of Peruvian Fries, drizzled with aji amarillo and a sprinklin' of peanuts, cilantro, and a salty spike of dried black olives were super tasty start along with an order of crispy-fried, Indian-spiced Cauliflower 65. 
More crispiness was served up in those Korean Tempeh tacos, topped with a kimchee of radishes, grilled tomato, and sriracha thousand island. So good. So good.
Of course we also had to try V Street's version of the ever-enjoyable DanDan Noodles too, and they did not disappoint. Five-spiced mushrooms topped the creamy mound o' noodles with their lil touch of that ma la tongue-numbing Sichuan heat. Wonderful.
Even though we certainly had no b'ness taking any more bites, we're not the type of people to pass up a waffle. The dessert waffle was everything in the world. It's everything, everything I love in a dessert: Sweet-meets-salty, plus ice cream, plus waffle... Warm waffle with banana ice cream, miso-caramel, sriracha peanuts, and ganache. This baby Kafleen love. 
And lemme not forget to praise in heaps every server we've encountered. Service has been great and accompanied by sincere enthusiasm for this wonderful food. 
After our first celebratory dinner gorging we vowed to return ahhhgain. And we have. And whether feasting or grazing some excellent happy hour nibblins, every time a winner. 
Summarizing this I say aloud to muself after listing the tastiness: "Whew... Such good eatin." It's true. Every little dish so thoughtfully comprised, every bite a flavor punch up in this place. 
Endnote that has next-to-nuthin to do with anything at all except that I wanna share:
There's this thing about the place itself, with its graffiti accents on the rustically weathered-looking walls and the twinkly strung lights above, almost like stars... The darkened restaurant and bar reminds me a bit of this one particular ole stompin ground of mine... these abandoned, tagged-up ruins of a building, deep in the woods in the park. Yes, the ambiance is just like that very specific-only-to-me memory, you know, except that V Street has plenty of comfortable banquette seating, two swanky bars, and is all up in Rittenhouse...and not located in the woods on a disc golf course.I feel like this place is surviving on the coat tails of Vedge.  Overall mediocre - too mediocre to justify the prices.  Cauliflower tacos were very good, greens were okay, and then it went downhill from there with over cooked noodles (red curry) and uninspired flavor (Curry and Dan Dan) When the waitress asked if I wanted the noodles wrapped and I said no, they were over cooked, she proceeded to tell me how it is hard to cook rice noodles to be done right.  Huh?  Do yourself a favor and just go next door to their restaurant, Wiz Kid, and get a vegan cheesesteak!  They actually do those right!This restaurant is easily one of the best in Philly. While Philly has so many amazing restaurant, nothing is even close to Vedge and VStreet when it comes to innovation, health, taste, overall quality, and innovation.
The menu is inspired from street food from around the world. Chef Rich Landau delivers bold flavors, unique taste, hints of exotic spices, lasting satisfaction that will have you coming back time and again. 
The best part of VStreet is not just the food, it's the people that work there, they have such love for what they do and it's clear with the way they greet, serve, cook, and feed the grateful patrons of their establishment. It's clear to see that they are all part of a loving and hard working family led by Chef Landau.  
If you're in Philadelphia, this is the only restaurant to visit, if you're smart, go there for lunch and dinner, trust me, it's worth it.My boyfriend came here for dessert a couple nights ago and was shocked to see they had Halo Halo! It was so good and the perfect sweetness. Great vegan restaurant that also has a separate gluten free menuYES YES YES!!!!  I'm a big fan of Vedge and was excited when I found out this place opened.  It's a casual walk-in no reservation version of Vedge.  So as long as you don't have a large party and you're not going during a busy time, you shouldn't have to to wait long for seating.  They move relatively fast, but you don't feel rushed either which is good.  
My gf and I came here for the first time the other evening and we had a hard time figuring out what to order, everything looked SO GOOD on the menu (which is small but there's a nice selection to choose from).  I'm really hoping they have a seasonal menu and rotate items.  The menu is small enough that a frequent diner might want a change from time to time.  Our server was Steven which was extremely polite and courteous.  He was patient in explaining the menu and offered suggestions when we couldn't decide.  Even if you have a hard time deciding, I don't think you can really go wrong with whatever you order.  Everything we ordered was good and everything we didn't order looked really good too!!!!  (we sat in the back by the cooks).  
For starters, we had the crunchy papadums and the salt n pepper green beans.  If you like black pepper like me, you'll like the green beans.  I also highly recommend the Peruvian Fries.  It's nice to get big wedged fries instead of the more common skinny fries.  They fries aren't overally salty and had a nice olive oil peanut taste too them.  
For the plates, I would HIGHLY recommend the Langos.  It's a flat round bread with a remoulade sauce topped with some smoked beets, sauerkraut and dill.  I sauerkraut taste is subtle and the dill compliments the beets very nicely. The flavor of the dill is freshening and the dish overall has a light and airy feel to it.  It's definitely different than what I normally would expect of think of when ordering beets.  If you don't mind some heat, the Mushroom DanDan Noodles are also very delicious.  It's perfect for a cold fall/winter day and totally hits the spot.  It come off with a great comfort food feeling with a slight hint of heat.  The level spicyness can be adjusted to your level of likeness.  
For dessert, if you ordered anything spicy then I would recommend the Halo Halo.  It come in a glass and has an assortment of fruity flavors and textures throughout.  It will definitely cool down your mouth and is a clean way to end your meal.  If you want something more warm and cozy, then I would recommend the waffle.  
I can't wait to go back to this so I can try out the rest of the menu.  The cooks in the back are super nice so if you can, get a seat back there....!I want to start the review saying that I am not vegetarian or vegan myself. However, I believe that vegetarian/vegan restaurants have a way of bringing out the flavors of raw ingredients, unlike many American-style restaurants that cover up lower quality food with bigger portions and extra oil.
This being said, I was very excited to check out V-street for dinner, especially with its already stellar reviews
When I arrived, the place was extremely busy in-front for their happy hour, but I decided I wanted to sit at the bar in the back overlooking the cooks. I was seated quickly by an amiable host and greeted just as quickly by an equally amiable waitress. I ordered the Mixed Greens and the Poha as well as a beer from their small, but good selection (they are predominately a wine bar) and waited.
A review of each dish:
Mixed Greens- the presentation of this dish was very nice with a good amount of color. The dish itself was quite tasty as well, but I found it to be a little one-note. The tofu and turnip sauce were great, but there was a bit too much oil and not enough citrus to balance it out. However, I enjoyed it and would give it four stars.
Poha- this dish was excellent. Everything about it was great, including the presentation (served in a mini cast-iron pot with light crackers with beautiful colors). The spice was balanced nicely and the cauliflower was cooked perfectly. I would absolutely get this dish again.
Overall, it was a very pleasant experience. I will be back to try some of their wine and explore their happy hour. Thanks for the great meal, V-street!I like V Street. I don't love it but it's nice to have a NICE vegan option on the other side of Broad St with a bar.  The service was very good although one might get the impression that the hostess or staff was doing you a favor by seating and serving you. There is a certain air of entitlement that is a bit off putting hence the lost star.Not impressed, and never going back again! This place seems like the testing ground where the so-so recipes are left behind, and the ok is brought over to V Street's older *posh sell-out sister* Vedge (mind, the younger of the two is just that as well). My server had an attitude problem, but I thought: well, it's been a long night for her, so I'll just take this one on the chin." But then everyone else seemed cartoonishly fake in their dealings... like smarmy college kids just sucking up their lousy labor to get by battling whatever financial burdens they've been saddled with. The bartender was incredibly short and impersonal with me - VERY dismissive, and when I asked for something a tidbit stronger the second time around he just sort of stuck up his nose and made it exactly the same way right in front of my very eyes as if to say "don't eff with my way of doing things", done with another customer's drink which was disappointingly mixed in the same shaker...plus, 7 dollars for a pile of poorly presented starch? C'mon people! My peruvian fries were broken segments covered in what looked like the last few withering squirts of aji amarillo desperately  farted out of a nearly emptied bottle, and the not-so-funky kimchi tasted saltier than I've ever experienced it in my life... as if anything could really ferment with THAT much sodium! Could tell they probably make it the day before, rather than wait a week the way real kimchi should be. NEXT!I took my friend here for brunch because she is a vegetarian and I heard really good things. It was pretty small inside so I would recommend having a reservation, thankfully they had a table for us so we didn't have to wait!!! We ordered the grilled pineapple, hearts of palm and avocado salad for an appetizer. It was so delicious!! I've never had anything like it. Then we each ordered the Po Boy Tacos and they were AMAZING!!!!!!!! Seriously so delicious! The tofu was perfectly crispy on the outside and so soft on the inside. I'm not usually a fan of tofu but these were amazing!! The sauce on the taco was so good!! I would def recommend coming here, the food is just a little pricy for the small portions, but def worth checking out!!Serious stomach sensitivity to oil and the chef would not accommodate by cooking something without a bunch of oil. These people and this place pride themselves too much in their dishes and can't help out someone who is a little different and is fighting against some serious stomach issues. I do not blame meat eaters for making fun of vegans. This place is the ideal "vegan" who you want to punch in the face for being so stuck up and thinking they are above anyone else. I am a vegan by the way. 
I would like for everyone to know you can literally cook a piece of dog shit and coat it in oil salts and sugar and it will taste yummy. Nothing special here. It's just different which is great but eventually people will catch on to the oil that is coated with vegan foods. It's literally why vegans have a difficult time losing weight and it breaks my heart. Enjoy the Peruvian fries that can't be cooked without oil for some reason.Wow another great restaurant from the Vedge crew. Hip seating with an open kitchen. Great service from Becca, imaginative cocktails with geographic tie ins, and the food was outstanding. Everything was great but the highlight was the Langos beets. It was soft potato bread with beets, dill and sauerkraut removals. The vegan soft serve flavor changes up, the Mexican chocolate was outstanding. My non vegetarian companion was thrilled with her fancy coconut soft serve Sunday and said it had the same satisfying sweetness and creaminess as ice cream.Really great food! I sat at the bar on a busy Thursday evening.  The service was still quick and it never got too loud.  I had the carrot salad and an eggplant dish - both were amazing.  Spicy!  I also had the pomegranate lemonade, which was yummy.  Definitely recommend if you are in the Rittenhouse area.As the sister restaurant to one of my favorite vegetarian establishment, Vedge, I think V street is like the bar food/happy hour equivalent with a slightly uncomfortable price index. We came here as a small party, so we opted to order pretty much everything on the menu. While the staff were friendly, we experienced a much longer wait time in between the dishes, which inadvertently made us order much more food than needed. Of all of the dishes, including the peruvian fries, brussel sprouts, tempeh tacos, cauliflower 65 tacos, grilled tofu, mee goreng, dan dan noodles, my favorite was probably the tempeh tacos and brussel sprouts, as they were the largest and most interesting dishes. I did not like the cauliflower tacos, despite my other colleague's favor, mainly because I couldn't taste much of the cauliflower beyond the breading. The dan dan noodles were alright, but I quickly forgot about the peruvian fries and the mee goreng. At the end of the day, if I had to choose between Vedge and V-street, it'll be Vedge, hands down based on their unique twist on vegetarian food and non-reliance on the fryer.Updating my old review to 5 stars now!!  I've since been back to V street about three more times, and now feel comfortable saying that this is one of the best vegetarian restaurants in the city. 
I've tried several new menu items all of which were amazing. I even tried some of the original items that I thought was too spicy last year, and now I love those as well. 
The service is always quick & friendly, and the food is delicious. Even nonvegetarians love this place it's one of my favorites!V Street is a phenomenal addition to Philadelphia's already outstanding culinary scene. The global flavors and textures that Rich Landau and Kate Jacoby bring to this Rittenhouse gem are extraordinary and world-class. Each of the dishes has the perfect combination of familiar and new concepts to avoid pandering, on one extreme, and overstimulation, on the other.
The menu changes frequently enough to maintain a steady flow of new dish concepts, but they are sure to keep some of the most popular items during any change.
If you're visiting Philadelphia, or if you're just looking for a good night out, V Street can't be missed.Intimate and delicious! My favorite aspect of all the dishes I sampled here was how well-spiced the vegetables are! Vegetarian food at a lot of restaurants tends to be bland or poorly seasoned, but that was not the case here. I would also highly recommend the dessert (we ordered the waffle dessert, which was incredible).My absolute favorite vegan spot in the city! So flavorful, been here a handful of times and keep coming back. The Peruvian fries are delicious and I love the dan dan noodles dish. Definitely opt to get dessert- the soft serve is amazing. My friend eats meat and he said he absolutely loved the food too!Dan dan noodles = 5 stars!!!
Ramen = 4.5 stars
Farinata = 3.5 stars
(broccoli rabe, calabrian chile, smoked garlic aioli, chickpea pancake)
Soft serve with cherries on top (12/11)= 5 stars!!!!!
(I think the flavor that day that I had was some sort of black cherry or black charcoal ... I have no idea, other than it was amazing!!! which made me return the next day to see if it would be the same...)
Soft serve with cherries on top (12/12) = 4.5 stars (It was still amazing, but maybe my palette changed, or the batch changed, or the flavor. I'm not sure, but who cares. It was amazing!Wonderful fusion restaurant! Not even vegetarian, but it's a must-eat-at (is this a phrase?) institution! When you go, make sure to get the fries/potato wedges with the spicy sauce!*update -been there twice now. the drinks are exceptional but come with a price tag.  the food is a bit spicy for me so i had asked for sour cream to tame it down.  the first time it was not a problem and i enjoyed my meal VERY much.  the second visit i had a canker sore and it was making the spice even worse.....i asked and explained and they said no the chef wont allow it....and when i mentioned i had just been there and it wasn't a problem, a manager came out to talk to me.  i felt like i was in trouble for asking.  def. not a good part of the experience and now will tell people to stay away if they dont like spicy b/c the chef/management won't help you out there.  food (if they accommodate) is 5 stars.  service and the way they speak to you is now a 1 star.My biggest complaint about V Street is that it is more similar to Vedge than I thought it would be. This is a very weird complaint because Vedge is literally my favorite restaurant. However, I thought that this place was supposed to be a bit more "bar snacks" than "small plates" and it's still definitely not a place to eat out on an average night (at least for me) because of the cost. That being said, of course it was amazing.
My party of 3 showed up at a little after 6pm on a Friday. The hostess seemed personally saddened that the whole restaurant had basically just been seated, and it might be awhile. The bar was busy too, but we planned on just grabbing a drink and standing around. However, a table opened up in mere minutes, which was excellent. The hostess was seriously so accommodating and on top of her game, so props to her for making all parties feel important and welcome. 
The drink list is pretty fancy, and I started with a cider, which was really good. Eventually, I tried some cocktail with horchata in it, which was imaginative and amazing, though pricey. We split quite a few dishes (maybe 5 or 6?). Of the smaller plates, the cauliflower was definitely the stand-out. It was SO good. We also got the Dan Dan Noodles, which should come with even more of a warning label than they already do. Those things are intense!! I like spicy food, but they were a bit much for me. Overall, I think we ended up still being a little bit hungry upon leaving, but not wanting to spend any more or get dessert. Just like Vedge, this place is quality over quantity. However, I think I liked the staff even more than Vedge- our waitress was lovely and really completed the experience. I am positive I will be back!Yep 5 stars, awesome staff, crazy good beer, Korean fried tempeh made me go from 4 to 5 stars. I've eaten everywhere, in Philly and 500 restaurants in NYC. Come here for amazing healthy food.A true food adventure... authentically plating up a veggie version street food around the world.Yes. It's pretty freaking great at V Street.  Food was interesting and tasted great. Fairly small portions but made with care. Bartender knows how to make a drink!!dan dan noodles: great!! doubles: not great. confusing presentation & meal did not give the chickpeas any justice. Peruvian fries: good, would've liked larger portion. soft serve apple pie ice cream: okayFantastic feel and service and incredible food. The tempeh tacos are as good as any tacos I've had.I'm not great at leaving long detailed reviews so I won't try. Absolutely delicious, one of the best meals I've had this year (and without a doubt best vegan meal I've ever had).
Everything we got (langos, tempeh tacos, carrot asado, dan dan noodles) was a standout, although we were almost too full to enjoy the dan dan noodles when they came. 
The carrot asado was the most surprising, and for that reason probably my favorite. The sweetness of the carrot and the bite of the slaw (which, by the way I would eat on all foods going forward -- seriously you guys should jar that stuff and sell it) was lick the plate good. 
If you have time, get a cocktail - Colonel Mustard was one of the most delicious and interesting cocktails I've had in a long time. Contains actual mustard - and garnished with a sweet pickle! Amazing.This place was sooooo dope. One of the best vegan meals I've had so far. We ordered two sides and two entrees and it was enough for a light dinner for two people. Also don't skip the waffle!!!!My first visit and exploring going Vegan. If this is how it tastes - I am in! Had the Harrissa Grilled Tofu and love the heat of the dish. My only wish is that there was more because it was that good. Great staff - I will be back.Oh V Street. I love you with all my heart! 
We had heard great reviews about V street so we tried it tonite. We didn't have reservations and the place was packed. But the hostess was gracious and asked us to wait at the bar while she found us a place. We decided to stay at the bar because both bartenders were super friendly. 
The food and service both were amazing! As a vegan it's so (so, so, very) difficult to find a great restaurant. But V Street is not only a Vegan restaurant, they have food with flavor. My mushroom Dan Dan noodles were spicy, with a hint of sesame, just as I like them. The huli bbq seitan tacos were so delicious. And the Peruvian fries were to die for. For dessert, we got the Waffle. It was the perfect combination of sweet and salty. 
Overall, 5 stars to V Street for outstandingly delicious, vegan street food. We will be back soon!Came here for lunch without a reservation with a non-vegan friend. We were seated right away at the bar along the window, which was perfect for having a fairly quick lunch in the middle of the workday. I had the korean tempeh tacos and while I really liked the texture of the tacos, they were a little too spicy for my liking... I was uncomfortable by the end of the plate. My friend got the dan dan noodles, and she and I both really liked those (though they also probably would have been a little spicy for me to eat completely).
We also had the ais kacang for dessert, which is a corn soft serve topped with blackberry granita, adzuki, basil, and pineapple. We were both skeptical, but the whole thing was actually delicious and interesting, and the novelty of having corn for a dessert was not lost on us. 
I'd like to come back and try both the waffle with sriracha peanuts (!!!) and something else that might not set my mouth on fire... I really want to love V street, especially since it's vegan and so close to my work, but I'm going to give it another go.I can't say enough good things about v street. What a beautiful space, fantastic warm staff. The food is truly as good as it gets, the flavor building and presentation if award worthy. I look forward to many more visits. The McNewsAhhhh I was so pleasantly surprised by this place. Everything vegan yet so delicious!! Very bold flavors,  I wasn't even used to the taste but enjoyed it a lot. They get very creative with their spices and dishes. My favorite dish was the seitan sandwich - it tasted like meat except it really was probably better than any meat sandwich I've had.Everything's we tried was delicious. Staff were very nice and attentive. Will go back again and will recommend V Street to others.Small plates. Huge flavors. I tried 5 different dishes and had the soft serve for dessert.  Everything that I tasted was delicious. I am still thinking about the langos mini fried dough pizza and the spicy Singapore street noodles. 
The service is great as well. Very friendly, attentive staff.absolutely off the charts flavor. we love Vedge, but V Street gives us the chance to get excellent veg offerings at lunch at a slightly more reasonable price. without a doubt, the Korean tacos were the best thing we've eaten all year!Great.  Vegan place but you wouldn't know it.  Flavorful delicious food.  Recommend the corn tacos and the seitan.  Nice atmosphere. Spicy tho.I really loved my experience here. Dan Dan noodles and the Langos were my favorites. Incredible flavors and so addictive....would have to order them every time I come. The Peruvian fries were good and so filling! They had a good kick to them! We also got a Reuben sandwich which was tasty but not something I would need to order again. One thing that I kind of thought was pointless were these mushroom skewers which were nothing to rave about. For dessert we shared the waffles which were good but we preferred the sweet corn soft served ice cream which was to die for. We got two cocktails both names are escaping me. I ordered a gin cocktail and my friend got a tequila one but hers had cinnamon in it so we switched. I thought they were both delicious. 
Another thing to note is that although these were tapas, I was pleasantly surprised with the good portions. We would have been happy with four items and sharing one dessert. For next time!!#Vegan! 
The food here is great! Just kind of pricey. I guess they have a happy hour, so Ill have to give that a shot. The apps are good, just really small portions. There was 3 of us, and as much as we loved the flatbread, we only got 1 and 1/3 small bites each. We got both kinds of tacos, they were so good! But I cant really rate a place based on their prices right? The reason for the missing stars is the cocktails. I tried two different $12 drinks, I was expecting some unique and delicious drinks (because the food was so good!) but both drinks were hardly drinkable. Basically, I recommend the food! But not the drinks... and go for happy hour for a better deal I guess! I will go back, and Ill try to update my review if V Street redeems themselves with the cocktails, and if the happy hour knocks it out the park. Overall, go!I was excited to try V street in the first few weeks of opening.  Although I'm not a vegan, I have really enjoyed Hip City Veg, Charlie was a Sinner, Vedge, and Blackbird.  Also, shout out to Blue Sage in the burbs, check it out if you get a chance.  Back to V Street... 
The set up is interesting, I got there first so put my name in, and they took my cell phone number, so you can actually leave to grab a drink somewhere else if the bar is full.  Apparently the bar had a wait list as well which was confusing.  I tried to sit down when some people got up, but was told I couldn't.  I was not a fan of the beer and wine list.  When there's a wait list at the bar, and a wait for a table, it's tough to ask the bartender any questions, so some better descriptions would be appreciated.  I ordered the cider which was super sour.  I actually felt really bad because it was my mistake but I did send it back and switched to the Riesling which still seemed off, but I wasn't going to send another drink back.  My friend had a red but it was super chilled.  The fancy cocktails looked good and I'll definitely try one of those next time.  At the table I had the pumpkin beer which was also a little sour, but interesting.  I guess next time I need to google things before I order them.
As for the food, I loved the Langos, it's like a vegan gyro.  The crunchy papadums were light and airy, the jerk trumpet mushrooms tasted like BBQ, and the mushroom dan dan noodles were great.  We tried a few other things too, the only dish I wasn't a fan of was the carrot choripan.
I'd probably go back for happy hour and get more of the Langos and the papadums.  Price was $50 each for a group of 5 who had several beers.  The staff was friendly, especially the hostess.  She checked in numerous times to update us on the wait.Forget the vegan, the food here is mind-blowingly good.  Great people watching too.A casual sibling to Vedge (and next door to even more casual sibling Wiz Kid), V Street offers vegan fare in smaller portions that are perfect for mixing and matching in groups large and small. 
The kung pao crunch salad, with raw and roasted vegetables, peanuts, chile, and "fried rice," was a nice way to start the meal. Next, my friend ordered the Korean fried tempeh tacos with radish kimchee, tomato, and sriracha thousand island dressing. These tasted so much like fish tacos that I had to pause for a moment and remember that I was eating at a vegan restaurant. Similarly, the miso butter noodles with scallion, nori, and ginger tasted quite like egg noodles. A serving of soft-serve ice cream topped off the meal on a soothing sweet note.
Although the prices are inexpensive, portion sizes are equally small. Fresh ingredients and quality preparation are evident, however, and service is warm and engaging without being intrusive. The venue is very small, so reservations are necessary even on weeknights, although there are about a dozen seats between the bar area and the window overlooking the street.I am a vegan from Washington D.C and was so happy to find this place on a weekend getaway. I got the tacos and they were just amazing. My boyfriend ordered a noodle dish and they were also exceptional. The flavors are so yummy and unexpected in the best ways.Langos bread was the star of the meal.  Description on the menu did not do it justice; just order it! The smoky beets will not disappoint. 
For cocktails, the Miles Davis was SO Delish. Maybe one of, if not, the best cocktail I've tasted. Salt and pepper finish on top made the drink. The horchata drink was super different and really highlighted its flavors as well. 
Went here with the boyfriend who is an avid carnivore, even he thought the food was stellar. Great simple and relaxed vibe.For our annual fall trip to Philly, my friend and I usually head to Vedge.  This year she (the vegan) decided we should try V Street instead.  Now I love Vedge so I (the non-vegan) was willing to trust in the sisterhood of these restaurants and I was not let down.  This was absolutely delicious and the service was spot on perfect!
Small plates here too so we got 5 (we were full after 4)... we had the Peruvian Fries (the sauce has heat so we got it on the side thank heavens), the Smoked Beet Langos (quite possibly my favorite dish ever), Korean Tempeh Tacos (my friend doesn't like tempeh and I was unfamiliar with it but we both very much liked this... quite filling though), the Miso Buttered Noodles (these were amazing, if you bring an apprehensive eater here, this would be the dish for them), the Dan Dan Noodles (spicy but nice), and the Apple Pie Ice Cream (you sure this isn't dairy based!?).  To drink, We had the lemonade with rose water... simply lovely.  
All of this with tip was less than $100.  To me that is a good value for the city.  It's going to be a hard decision next fall which we visit... at least I know I will adore both!One of the best meals of my life - and I'm an omnivore. Do yourself a favor and order the cauliflower 65. Then order everything else. This isn't a place that tries to convince you that you're eating chicken and waffles with fake, seitan "fried chicken". Everything on this menu is built to be an intentional dish and everything was excellent. If you're looking for a place where all dietary restrictions can enjoy their meal then you can't lose with this place. Also, the staff are all excellent and nice.Service was great everything off the menu is so good! I am visiting and so glad I tried this place.Everything we ate here was excellent. The service was also really good. I'm gluten free and vegan and my girlfriend is a new vegan; we both had a really good time here.My fiance and I needed dinner one night when we left a dance lesson that we had in the area, so i suggested walking over to V Street and grabbing some food and drinks. We were both looking forward to trying it because we had such a great experience at Vedge when we went and the menu at V Street looked fantastic. It is a completely vegan restaurant, just the same as its sister restaurant, so just be aware of that.
We started with a few drinks, which took us quite some time to get I might add, the Colonel Mustard in the Library with the Dagger for me and the Lokum at the Bazaar for my fiance. The Colonel Mustard definitely sounded weird. Mustard, gin and cocchi, but it worked so perfectly well. It was vinegary and dry, sweet and a bit sour. The drink was well balanced, had elements of both sweet and savory, and was just plain old fun. My fiance's Lokum was a mixture of turkish coffee, bourbon and jallab, a sweetened syrup popular in the Middle East. It added of sweetness to the drink that was needy for balance. It was also a playful yet fun take on worldly drink with a bit of a twist. The flavor was very good as well. 
The service at the bar continued to be an issue the entire evening. Getting our food order put in was painful and it really got worse when we were trying to order our second round of drinks. There were two bartenders and a helper/barback, and the bar really isnt that big, but they really werent paying as close of attention to the patrons as they should have been. They were literally standing right in front of us and we couldnt get them to take our order. It was beyond frustrating. 
That being said, if it wasnt for that, this no doubt would have been a better rating. The food was absolutely outstanding to go with the very good cocktails. The theme of the menu is worldly street food, and they nailed it. For food we ordered the blistered shishito peppers, Peruvian Fries, Koren Fried Tempeh Tacos, Singapore noodles and the halo halo dessert. As always with both Vedge and V Street, the flavor of every single dish was impreccable and the seasoning was out of this world. Vegetables simply dont taste the same as they do when cooked by the crews at these restaurants. 
The peppers were great. They were grilled just enough to give them a charred flavoring to go with their earthiness. The Peruvian fries were really tasty. They were crispy potatoes topped with a slatering of great glavor enhancers; spicy aji amarillo chile, cilanto, peanuts and olives as well as some form of creamy and cheesy sauce. Think of cheese fries, but more upscale ingredients and amazing flavor. The fried tempeh tacos were great as well. They had some nice heat to the them coming from the Korean flavorings, and although I could have used an additional taco to help keep it all together (I am a huge proponent of the double layer taco), the flavors were intense and the texture of the fried tempeh was great contrast. The Singapore noodles has flavor that was very reminiscent of the Chinese traditional flavors. The best thing about this dish was the vegetables. It brought the whole thing together nicely. It added some freshness and crunch to the dish to contrast the tender noodles and flavor of the turnips and tofu. There was definitely a kick from the long hots as well which was nice change of pace. Without them, I dont think the dish would have been as successful.
Lastly, our dessert, which took an extremely long time to get to us, even after the really long time it took for them to come take our order after they cleared our main course plates away, finally made its way to us. My fiance lived in the Philippines for 3 years growing up, so she was super interested to try their version of the extremely popular Filipino dessert. After it arrived, the amount of time it took to get there made even less sense. Its just shaved flavored ice, fruit and cream layered in a glass. I personally think they forgot to put the order in, but whatever. The flavors were very good. It was creamy and sweet, and cold and crunchy. All of the flavors played well together, taro ice cream, coconut whipped cream, mango, all deliciously fruity and refreshing. 
Overall impression of this place was that they had great absolutely fantastic food. The bar service was terrible, some of the worst I have had in any restaurant anywhere. I will most definitely go back because the food was definitely that good. I mean really superbly good. But I will most definitely make sure to grab a table and avoid the bar. I suggest you do the same.Wow this place is delicious!! Ended up here in a whim and was one of the best veggie meals I've had, hands down. 
Bbq seitan tacos were great, good portion size and plenty of flavor. 
Side of shishito peppers with charred scallions too. 
Topped it off with a waffle for dessert with miso caramel, chocolate compote and sriracha peanuts! 
Friendly staff and great atmosphereOn a short trip to Philadelphia, stopped by this place for dinner.
Food - 5
They recommend three dishes for the full meal. Portions are relatively small, so that's a wise recommendation. There is definitely style to the food and it tasted very good. Menu is pretty small, so 2 people can try half of the menu. Unique corn ice cream. Amazing cocktails, but overpriced.
Service - 4.5
Quick. Well-mannered, but a bit too rehearsed.
Atmosphere - 4
Darkly lit with open kitchen and bar. Regular seating combined with bar stool seating. Some seats are facing the street. The place is small and can get very busy. In the winter, storing jackets is a problem. Otherwise, it's cozy and alive atmosphere.
Price/value - 4
The quality makes this a worthy visit. Prices seemed a little high for the complexity of the dishes. $8-14 dishes (you pretty much need to take 3). Drinks are significantly overpriced ($10-14).Ive been here for a few drink stops and now Ive had a couple great dinners. I am very much a fan of this place.  It's no surprise, however, as I am a devoted fan of their other vegan restaurant, Vedge.  Even though Im a meat-a-tarian, I can say they have among my favorite food served in the city.  It's phenomenal and I LOVE the drink menu here.
If you are smart, you wont pass up the opportunity to try out the "Colonel Mustard in the Library with a Dagger" is incredible.  At first you wonder if you can drink a whole drink with mustard, garnished with a dill pickle ... the next thing you know youre craving it every time you walk within blocks of the restaurant!  I feel like it's become pavlovian nostalgic connection to my love of a perfect (philly) soft pretzel !Everything was very good and prepared in a unique way! This is definitely a vegan place though. Everything we ordered was vegetables so it was a lighter meal and maybe not the cheapest food for what you get.This is by far, one of my favorite restaurants in the city. To start off - I am not a vegetarian or vegan, even though this restaurant only has vegetarian/vegan food. The food at V Street tastes like no other vegetarian/vegan place I have ever been to. Everything was savory, delicious, and flavored incredibly well. 
I ordered multiple dishes - Peruvian fries, korean fried tempeh tacos, dan dan noodles, and the (dessert) waffle. Out of all the dishes, the peruvian fries were my favorite and a dish that you must order - they had a creamy sauce dressed on top of the fries that was life changing.
I would highly recommend V Street to anyone - even if you are hesitant about going to a vegetarian and vegan place (you won't even notice the difference).I had the Langos and it was phenomenal. The beets tasted like smoked salmon and the potato bread was yummy chewy. 
I'm not vegan (I'm pescatarian) but most vegan spots I've tasted have been subpar. It's usually hard to find tasteful vegan options but V street did not disappoint. 
Oh and yes, like all the other reviews state, get the fries. Get the fries! Just do it!I tried this spot out for brunch this past Sunday while I was in Philly and it was by far my best dining experience. The service was impeccable; attentive without being overbearing and able to answer questions about the menu in a thoughtful and informed way. I admit, I am a vegetarian with a simple palate but I felt adventurous and went with the langos and my adventurous spirit paid off. The taste was something akin to spicy potato salad on really soft pita bread and I know that is not a great description, but trust me, if you're a fan of Polish, German or Hungarian food, you will love this. 
My boyfriend got something that I'm struggling to remember the name of but was basically huevos rancheros. He liked them fine (I had a taste and they had lots of earthy flavor without being boring) but he wished he had ordered something more exotic. Basically he was jealous of my menu spontaneity but, hey, it was a solid dish still. 
To start we had the herby biscuits with red eye gravy and while they could have stood to be a bit warmer (they came out lukewarm), they were still delicious. 
I highly recommend this spot for veggies and non veggies alike. 
*Be aware the portions aren't super big, which, you know, we can all stand to eat less, but if you're really starving when you go in, order more than one thing.In terms of experience, the interior was casual and modern, the ambience was very relaxed, and the service was quick and lovely. I ordered the Peruvian fries and the Harissa Grilled Tofu; both dishes were amazing and I highly recommend them. If neither of those interest you, my waiter recommended the dan dan noodles and the tempeh taco (if you like spice). If your waiter doesn't ask, I recommend mentioning if you have a low toleration to spice. Also, make a reservation in advance. Considering the quality of the food, the price was very reasonable (my meal was $25).Finally went here last week. Shared 4 plates- jerk trumpet mushrooms, cauliflower tacos, mushroom dandan noodles, peruvian fries and then dessert- their softserve. All food was flavorful and loved everything!. I thought the noodles could have used a little less peanut butter but it was still good. Sharing the 4 plates and dessert between 2 hungry people was plenty of food but since it was so good, we cleaned up the plates. I would say my favorite was the peruvian fries but really loved the other dishes too. Want to come back to try the other dishes next time.Fucking awesome! Go here. Eat here. Enjoy here. Yelp thinks this review is too short so I'll just put words down about how much I love this place. Delicious! Great beer selection! Tried everything! Cool bar! Great space! Solid service! Keep up the good work! 
I really hate that I have to keep writing, because I think my first line really sums it up. Sat at the bar on a Saturday night with friends, ate tacos and a bunch of other delicious dishes and had a beer. Loved it!Went to just about every vegan spot in the area when I visited a couple weeks ago. V Street was by far my fav. The tacos left a lasting impression. My boyfriend got the Korean fried tempeh and I got the Cauliflower tacos. The order comes with 2 tacos. So I suggest ordering an appetizer. Both tacos have an excellent mix of sweet and savory with kick of crunch, which I liked! I suggest sticking to getting the flour tortillas. I opted to get it on a corn tortilla instead, which was a mistake since the taco didn't really hold up.The food here was amazing and as a carnivore, I didn't miss eating meat at all.  The food had so much flavor and I left feeling satisfied and comfortably full.
Some of my favorites: piri piri tofu- delicious smoky flavor.  Kung pao green beans that were spicy with a nice peanuty crunch.  I also loved the BBQ seitan tacos and the dan dan noodles which were both wonderful.  The cruz control cocktail was also a delicious and refreshing version of a pina colada made with tequila.  On a Saturday night, we were able to walk in without reservations.  Apparently, for the month of June however, they are taking reservations to test it out.
I will definitely be back here again!Manager brought us the wrong food and proceeded to insist we keep that dish instead of replacing it with what we wanted. Didn't want to make a stink about it, instead decided to just review our experience.
The drinks are great and the bartenders are very friendly. The food is not memorable, though the menu would lead you to believe otherwise. Reasonably priced, but that's because the portions are small. Cocktails are creative, though overpriced (to be expected in the area).Honestly spectacular. Loved every single item we got. So glad we finally got to eat here! Can't recommend enough.This was a fantastically little quaint place right off of rittenhouse square. They recommend selecting at least one dish from each of the three categories that they offer and I will also recommend doing this as you can get three dishes in three different styles.  First I had the xo grilled brocilli and the entire dish together was great if one of the elements of the dish were missing I feel like it would be lackluster. Though from the honshimeji XO sauce to the crunchy noodles the entire dish was good. Next I had the trumpet mushroom shawrama and man was that good, grilled to perfection and had a great smokey taste with pickled turnips/long hots to the side and some bread ,I believe, with a sort of tzatziki that worked great with both the mushrooms and the bread. The last thing I had and it was truly the best was the korean tacos. Contained within these amazing shells of tortilla the kmichi radish with the sriracha thousand island dressing was just great, it was a bit spicy but I am a fan of spicy without it completely killing the dish. Overall awesome place , we walked in no reservations completely booked and no problem at all . This is a great place to go with friends grab a drink and some great vegan styled foods.The food is very good, as expected, however I would warn anyone going on a budget that the portions are smaller than expected (especially the noodle dishes, don't expect those to be entree sized). Most of the appetizers aren't really sized for sharing and the waiter encouraged my party to buy multiple appetizers and an entree each, which we hadn't anticipated.
I got the langos which was good. The topping was interesting with a slight, slight sweet taste from the beets. Much smaller than langos that you would get in Hungary however. 
I also ordered the jerk trumpet mushrooms, which were very good. I thought the sweet potato salad that came on the side of it was even better than the mushrooms.
My friends order (and I tried) the peruvian fries, singapore noodles, and dan dan noodles. The fries were actually shareable size and spiced well. Both noodles dishes were good, but not at all what I would call entree size.
I wasn't ecstatic about the service.
But all in all the food was very good - just heed the warning about serving sizes.HOLY MOTHER OF PEARL is this place amazing. I've been vegan for a couple months now and was dying to try out a vegan restaurant. My pescatarian boyfriend and I went to V Street last night for the first time. We ordered the Peruvian Fries, Philly Flatbread, Dan Dan Noodles, and Korean Fried Tempeh Tacos. We literally could not stop talking about how amazing and flavorful the food was; to the point where we were telling any waiter/waitress that passed by us how blown away we were. I am not even exaggerating when I say this is one of the best restaurants I have ever been to. It's insane how much you can do with vegan food, how it can actually have MORE flavor than animal products. You mustmusmust come here, omnivores and all!D-E-L-I-C-I-O-U-S
V Street was such a great find. At the time I didn't know this was a restaurant owned by the same people who own Vedge (my favorite vegan restaurant). Even better!
I stopped by after a five mile run in 88 degree weather at 9:15PM...I wasn't looking too pretty, definitely sweaty! But V Street (a nicer / casual restaurant) was totally cool about this and didn't give me any crap about coming in dressed in my sweaty Lululemon gear.
After running in the heat, my appetite was a little suppressed, so this place was perfect since it's tapas style. I tried their vegan cauliflower, which was extra tasty. I actually wished that this dish was a tad bit bigger. I also ordered the Thai basil cold noodles. While these were good, they seemed pretty basic to me. Overall, for these two small dishes, this ran about $20 + tax, a little pricey, but worth it if you're taking a pretty vegan girl (or guy) you're trying to impress on a date (she/he will be impressed). :DHot! Popular and there's some great heat in some of the inventive and always flavorful dishes.  Dan dan noodle is my go to.  Filling with "meaty" five spice  mushrooms. Today we also tried the langos, a hungarian flatbread with a smoked beet tartar.  I am an omnivore, love meat,  and never miss it when I come here.  Bring a beloved vegan friend or meat lover alike. Service is awesome. We sat at the chefs table,  front row seats to all the action and sneak peak at the menu.It was OK, but somehow lacking in the essential taste of vegetables. I guess that is what they are aiming for by using a fair amount of oil and lots of hot peppers and sauces. Tiny portions which means the bill really adds up or you walk away a bit hungry. Server kept scurrying over to check her phone--annoying. Have been twice for dinner. The second time was in a group of three. None of us are meat eaters, all do little or no dairy, and each of us was disappointed.  Have decided not to go back.Came for brunch and thought there'll be a wait to get seats.  Surprisingly we were second in line for the 12noon opening.   Sweet.  Got seated and served immediately.   Enjoyed the Pho French Dip and the table hot sauce!  Yum.  The Doubles were ok, but for $11 you'll have something more filling, more affordable and a less doughy (double) if you went to a Caribbean spot.  The biscuits were made well but not something I'll order again.  Friendly staff and inviting space.Very good vibe and food, but I thought that it was slightly overpriced for Philly from my perspective.   Really yummy food and attentive service.Great spot. Did not know this was the Vedge owners until we visited for lunch. I was a big fan of Horizons and now Vedge and great to have this casual place right by Rittenhouse Square. The food was fabulous. Loved everything we tried, especially the grilled avocado and the Korean Tacos. There house special potato dish is seriously addicting as well.
Can't wait for my return visit.This place is really great, but that's no surprise. I was surprised that when I walked in at 5:30, the place wasn't crowded, considering Vedge is always packed. There weren't entry of seats at the bar and a lot of open tables. The restaurant itself is really pretty, and heads up they don't take reservations. The menu seems smaller than the Vedge menu. The best thing I ate was the mushroom dan dan noodles and the potatoes. Their dessert was killer too. I would definitely go back.When I walked into this restaurant that said "all vegan" I rolled my eyes. I looked at the menu and became intrigued. I ordered their cauliflower 65, Dan Dan noodles, Peruvian fries and Banh Mi Tofu. I became a believer after the first bite of that cauliflower 65. This place is LEGIT. Everything tastes AMAZING. Nothing was over spiced and you are able to taste all of the subtle flavors as well as enjoy the texture. Also, their cocktails are pretty good. This restaurant is a top 20 restaurant for me of all time. I will be coming here again and I implore everyone else to do that same.Checked this place out on the Friday of Memorial Day weekend. I expected them to turn the tables over pretty quickly because it was a beautiful day and this is what I've experienced in other popular eateries. But that didn't happen! The service was kind and intentional. The food was very tasty and lived up to the hype. We even got a free sample of curried carrots - which I don't remember seeing on the menu, but should be added because they were super flavorful. We ended our meal with the halava ice cream and it was perfectly balanced with a sweetness, nuttiness and a bit of sourness from the cherries on top. I'll definitely be back!Grade A+ on a national level!!  Quick service yummy tummy vegan food.  Recommend.  went for late lunch and not too many people there but it started to fill up as 5pm approached.  Had the tacos- yum yum.Food & cocktail excellent.
Demerit for server who when asked "what's not to be missed?" Answers it's all good - depends what you want" duh.
And then when askes between 2 dishes - "well i can't eat either one" zzzz. It's not about you!. Learn menu from chef/customer pov. I don't care if it's popular figure out how to describe it.
But seriously go here. It's terrific. Gteat flavors. Excellent prep.I was literally starving having just flown into Philly, this place was first stop for food. Hit the happy hour and ordered some of the happy hour special, which is designed for single person ordering. The wine for happy hour wasn't that great, but the food more than made up for it. Ordered the Chinese pancake sliders, which were incredible. And then for dinner I had the tacos and the bf had the dan dan noodles, which were incredibly spicy. Luckily it was snowing afterwards so he could walk around with his mouth open to put out the flames.Awesome place for a casual vegan meal. The glazed tofu was very savory and hearty. The caulfower was perfectly cooked, not too soft. The dan dan noodles are super spicy, creamy and delicious. Service was also great.We had been to vedge before so we pretty much knew what to expect, but I was still very happy with what we were presented with!! 
It's presented in a similar way to vedge, three courses you choose at the beginning, but the courses were each brought out individually as opposed to courses 2 and 3 being brought together like at vedge.
We both got peruvian fries for course 1 (delicious!), and I got the flatbread for course 2 (also really good), then the piri piri tacos as course 3 which was definitely the highlight! I also had a bite of my girlfriend's korean tacos which had the best tempeh I have ever eaten in my life. 
As for the setting, it was a bit louder and smaller than vedge, but the staff was equally as friendly and it also wasn't as cold as i remember vedge being. The atmosphere of everything was very comfortable and casual, just like the food! 
We'll definitely be coming back again (and probably ordering less since we both left feeling very full!)I can honestly say that this vegan restaurant is my go to place and with confidence, I can say that it is by far my favorite restaurant in Philly. 
The food here is delicious, full of flavors that will surprise the heck out of you yet compliments each other in every aspect. The service is outstanding as well! When you take the time to make good food with awesome customer service, you're bound to get awesome results and I cannot rave more about this restaurant.
Must TRY: Langos, Peruvian fries, Piri Piri, Carrot Asado salad, French toast w/ guava butter, Dan Dan noodles. Just try everything on their menu, you won't be disappointed.Working in NJ for two weeks I was craving a good meal, and this place was worth the drive. I sat in the bar (full menu), had a lovely floral gin drink, and over ordered because I wanted to try everything. The street corn was delicious, and the kimchi Tempe tacos were even better!!We came here for my mother-in-law's birthday dinner.  She is vegetarian so it's always fun going to places we normally might not venture into as my husband and I are carnivores.  That said, we enjoy a tasty and creative vegetarian meal as well and V Street provided just that.  
Some of the menu items we sampled were Cauliflower 65 (delicious!), Korean Fried Tempeh Tacos, Za'atar Grilled Corn, and Kung Pao Noodles.  Even though these are small plate dishes, everything was easily shared between 3 people and the waitress even offered to add a 3rd taco since it only came with two.  In addition, we got to try some cold spiced eggplant as well as a shortbread dessert bite for the birthday girl!  Also, we had a reservation that we were easily able to change because we were running behind on time.  Thanks for being accommodating! I would definitely visit this place again when we are in town, with or without vegetarian eaters!Excellent food, excellent service. 
Kim, the bartender, made the best margarita I've had in I don't know how long. Erin, our waitress, was easily the best server I've had in Philly. The food was complex, rich, and delicious. I think V Street might be the best vegan restaurant in Philly.I'm a carnivore and this food is so delicious I have to rethink my diet...bring on more meatless wonder, pleaseDelicious healthy food!  My daughter and I loved all our choices suggested by waitress.  Who knew vegan food could be so good.  Definitely will be back and bring friends.   The staff was courteous and attentive.  Unique cocktails with a healthy twist.fantastic food! especially love the fried tempeh korean tacos.  udon and green beans, also delicious.  nice ambiance, good service.Food was extremely delicious. I got the tofu tacos and the carrot salad and I enjoyed every bit of it. 
More than the food, I enjoyed the service and the hospitality of Crys (Fun Fact: She had short curly golden hair when she was little and she loves her grandma-- and yes Crys is not Vegan)
Our team sitting at the bar had a great conversation with her. In addition to making the best drinks (Cue: Pls try her special cocktail which may or may not be on the drink menu) she also has a very good grasp of the concept of Indian men working in the tech sector haha.
Loved our time at the restaurant and will definitely come back!
- "Bar 3"Went on a date w my lady.  We love this place! The food is delicious, drinks were nice, service was clean and professional, and the atmosphere rustic-artsy-casual.  The trumpet mushrooms!! The tempeh tacos! And the cocktails!The food was amazing; lots of unexpectedly mingled flavors. I came during lunch on a weekday, so it probably wasn't as busy as it might usually be for dinner. Docking one star because it is a bit pricey.This place is fantastic. The first time I came I walked in off the street because it looked like a cute little wine bar. I quickly realized that it's vegan/vegetarian and almost walked out. I was convinced to stay by a very friendly bar tender who assured me that I wouldn't be disappointed.  I'm so glad I stayed! The food is super flavorful and delicious -- I've tried a bunch of dishes and have yet to eat a bad one. They also have delicious and interesting cocktails. Highly recommended.Favorite restaurant of all time (and best brunch.) Everything I've had here has been delicious-- and I've probably tried everything in the menu at this point. The tempeh tacos are highly recommended. V Street is a great treat for any occasion, but when I'm feeling really fancy, I like to hit up it's fancy counterpart, "Vedge."Fantastic, duh. Stop reading reviews and just go here. It's the best vegan joint in Philadelphia. I like it even better than Vedge. I never have trouble getting a seat in here alone or with guests, and prefer the back bar area where the cooks are at.Love it here!  I've been here several times and have not been disappointed. I am not a vegetarian by nature but I feel like this place has something for everyone.  I'm obsessed with the Peruvian fries, Dan Dan Noodles, and cauliflower.  I also really enjoyed the broccoli rabe and seitan kebabs.  Everything is prepared so nicely and the sauces and spices they use really compliment the dish.  The portions are a bit on the small side but it's great for sharing in a small plates style.  You definitely will leave here full but not feeling disgusting.The service was great and food came out so fast. The place was packed. The portions were tiny though, and we paid $50 for what we had. We went out for real food right after.It's more like a 3.5, but I don't want to dock a whole star. 
Food was delicious. Some better than other. Prices were a little high. I get that it's on Rittenhouse, but some of the pricing seemed off compared to other plates. Highlights for me included the Piri Piri tofu. Super flavorful with a nice kick. The Jerk Trumpet Mushrooms were a disappointment. I loved trumpet mushrooms, but they didn't absorb much of the sauce, and didn't excite me. The accompaniments were perfect picnic/bbq flavors. Just do the damn jerk seitan wings already. The mushrooms aren't cutting it. 
The rest of dinner was delicious: BBQ Seitan Tacos, Peruvian Fries, and Dan Dan Noodles. All were bursting with flavor and rather filling. 
The cocktail list was pretty flat for me, despite the fun mustard cocktail (and yes, it's oddly delicious and addictive). I don't have anything against the ingredients, but three cocktails with similar style profiles of tea or coffee seem a bit much for me. The Cruz Control is apparently their take on a pina colada, but it didn't sound like a dinner cocktail to me. 
Now to the service. COME ON WITH THIS. We sat at the back bar that overlooks the chef station. Neat. It was super fun to see how efficient the kitchen is, and how clean. Our server was nice, but the huge issue I had was the speed in which the food came out. We had to ask our server to hold our Dan Dan Noodles so we could catch up. This is not okay in fine dining. Sure, call yourself street food, but please don't serve like you are. You are not. Your food, prices, and location warrant a finer dining experience. You are not a food truck. At one point we were eating our tofu, mushrooms, and fries (already having a tough time with that much food) when our tacos came out. They sat and they got cold. Not okay. This is when we flagged down our server to say please let us breathe. I understand you want a higher turn around with no reservations. That is not my problem. Don't make me feel like this when I am shelling out a large chunk of money for a meal. 
The other annoying experience I had was when I was informed by my server that my drink, Colonel Mustard in the Library with a Dagger, pairs amazingly well with the soft pretzels. Thanks for the tip. You might have a. mentioned that I could not order this amazing pairing when seated at the back chef bar as it's only available on the happy hour menu, or b. not mentioned it. Thanks for dangling soft pretzel candy in front of me, jerk. I don't get the whole happy hour only menu thing. 
Still, it's all worth it for that damn vegan soft serve.Sunday brunch was delicious! Korean tacos were awesome..crispy tempeh, yummy aioli, and pretty filling. I had a side of biscuits, which were super delish! Ordered their signature Peruvian drink, one w/o alcohol, and one with...better to go on this one with the nonalcoholic version as you can taste so many layers of flavors in it (sweet, tart, cinnamony, and some other mysterious flavors)..at only $4, it was worth it!
I want to come here again for their happy hour and try to get the taco for half off, I think..!
I should point out that biscuits were soggy and a little undercooked; soggy probably from the gravy on top and around. I like my biscuits crispy and warm and flaky, so I asked them to try again, this time with gravy on the side. (They forgot the gravy, and only brought me the biscuits--and third time's the charm--a different server came back with a little ramekin of the gravy that I was able to pour over the biscuits--all this waiting to get it right, took over half hour! Not counting the waiting at the bar, by now I was starved! Though when the food came, it totally hit the spot in flavor and portion..the tacos are more filling than some of their other dishes, and a side of biscuits was perfect amount!)
Service was hit or miss, depending on which server you got. The hostess was sweet, although the wait was super long! They are precise about their reservation time and we got seated right away at our reserved time (although, we had gotten there before our reservation time and the bar was packed, so had to stand for a while)...
Ambience is relaxed (despite the rush at reservation), furniture and decor is hipsterish, though nothing too memorable, given most places around Rittenhouse sq have their own unique edge. Probably not the best date place as it is loud and busy during peak meal times)...
Definitely go if you are vegetarian or vegan..although, comparatively, I would recommend the happy hour at Vedge for the best vegan food at much less!Plate after plate of flavorful innovation in a casual fun setting.  Highlights were the piri piri tofu, both taco offerings and the halo and soft serve desserts.I'm not entirely sure why it's taken me so long to write a review of V Street, but that ends now! I LOVE V Street (note the intentional caps lock!) Their miso noodles with furikake reminds me of everything I love about Japanese food (which is unfortunately rarely vegan) and their soft serve is always really creative and yummy! 
I've been twice for brunch and so many times for dinner and dessert, and I've never had anything that wasn't prepared wonderfully. I especially like the pho french dip (at brunch), the brunch bun, any of the fries, cauliflower tacos...and all of the desserts. 
Vegan, vegetarian, or not, it's so good and so worth the trip.Started with the carrot asado salad gluten free version.  Drinking a pickpocket soda (beets).  Good quantity not too big a salad, carrots awesome!  Then a jerk trumpet mushroom ,canna stew jerk hot sauce and escovitch cabbage .  Magic touch of grill on this dish perfectly grilled.  Garbanzo and nice warm spicing.  Omg this is torture it's damn tasty, or maybe the wait staff and folks are so darn philly friendly, or its just too ich fun ordering all this stuff.  Can you have fun eating vegan gluten free food on a bar stool overlooking the kitchen???????   Why yes you can.   Okay chef brought a little rice noodle (gluten free) cucumber with pickled chili sauce.  A little palate cleaner.  A little spice wow there!!!   And my main or third thing was a Korean fried tempeh taco on gluten free corn soft tacos (they by themselves are very tasty) in this was a radish kimchee, tomato siriacha thousand island sauce.   Looks like two little tacos but mighty hearty and filling. I wanted to try a few things but three might be too many.  But it was really very very wonderful.  In years I don't think all the Yelp reviews or here on Travel Advisor have I said or had so much fun as well.  Ordering, conversing with the kitchen the manager etc, acting like I was complaining etc.  Great place, GREAT people (Jordan was a rock star and super fantastic and great guide/recommendations)  , and of course great food that happens to be vegan in case it matters?  (wink)  okay settling back for some halva soft serve and sour sumac cherries dessert since I don't usually do dessert but I am looking at the machine and its really tempting!!!!  If you see a picture it means Jordan guilted me into it and I am jogging back to the hotel.   Okay the in a chunk of pickled honeydew melon....  oh man heaven.Thank you, V Street, for giving me a memorable birthday dinner. I couldn't choose a better place to celebrate my birthday. Everything, from every dish to the service, was on point. I read some Yelp reviews before going there and tried everything recommended and beyond: Peruvian fries, piri piri tofu, jerk trumpet mushrooms, Korean fried tempeh tacos, dan dan noodles, ais kacang, and the waffle. Every dish was delicious. My only regret is not being able to eat more food.
At one point, we got a dish that we didn't order but had a similar ingredient to a dish we actually ordered and asked a waitress about it. She gave us that dish for free and reassured us that the dish we ordered would be coming right up. That was just exemplary service, certainly one of the best I've experienced. I highly recommend V Street to everyone, including other meat eaters like myself. You would not be disappointed.So I am not a vegetarian by any means but I really enjoyed this place! It is super cute and trendy - we were running late for a show so we ordered our food at the bar. When I first looked at the menu I was surprised by how reasonable to prices were but fair warning - portions are small for a lot of the dishes! Luckily, for what I ordered that is not the case.
I got the Dan Dan noodles. Now the first time I had Dan Dan noodles was at Han Dynasty so I was expecting something like that but they were totally different - but still pretty delicious. Be warned - they are VERY spicy (I love spicy food and even I found them spicy but enjoyably so). They were full of flavor and also very filling.
Other things (priced anywhere from $10-12) were very small like one of the tofu dishes so don't come here expecting a lot of food unless you're willing to order a couple different things.
All in all, yum and a great spot for vegetarians.I am not a vegan but am a majority of the time vegetarian.   The food at V Street was top notch which proves if food flavor and texture are good,  the food can appeal to everyone.    I had the grilled flatbread dish with eggplant.  Delish.   There was a bit of tofu on it but not so much to ruin it.  This is my second time there and I will be back.The BEST Vegan restaurant I've ever been to. It's just so delicious.I won't describe the dishes because we got most of what they had on the menu today to try different options.
From the fries to the pho everything was very tasty,spicy and amazingly seasoned!
Unfortunately we were too stuffed to get a dessert.Can not wait to come back!VStreet is my go-to Happy Hour spot when I've had a rough week and need to eat something good. With it's playful and flavorful takes on street food and cocktail standards, everything I've ever had here has run the scale from yummy to unbelievably delicious. I don't have any tattoos, but I'm seriously thisclose to getting one in honor of the spicy dan dan noodles, which I've eaten more times than I can count and has never managed to disappoint me.
I adore their Happy Hour drinks and snacks, which constantly rotate and are a great way to eat something that feels very special without going Vedge broke. Don't get me wrong, I adore Vedge, but I think VStreet might have personally won me over for favorite vegan spot in Philly, if only because the menu is a little less stuffy, a little less pricey, and just as delicious.
Oh, and the service? Always wonderful.Amazing food, great atmosphere. The idea is to order a few plates of food for the table, for everyone to share. Everything is vegan, the majority is gluten free. On the spicy side, so have plenty of water handy if you're not used to that. We ordered 4 plates to share, and everything we got was delicious. I am so happy I got to experience this restaurant! Will definitely be back.A friend and I came here for dinner on a Thursday night and the restaurant was pretty filled. We got seated at the chef's bar, which was nice because we got to see our food being prepared. I also like how the menu changes slightly every once in a while. The dishes are on the smaller side, so our server recommended ordering several to share.
I ordered the creamy miso ramen. The mushroom was really flavorful, but the soup base was on the blander side. I did, however, like the chili oil mixed in with the soup because that gave the dish a nice spicy aftertaste.
My friend wanted the kung pao cucumber. This is usually served with rice so that it absorbs some of the spiciness. But V Street replaced it with "popped rice," which was an interesting choice. It didn't quite capture the flavor of the sauce as much though.
Overall, it was a decent experience and the service was great, but we didn't think it tasted like authentic street food. If I come back, I will probably try the dan dan noodles, since they're highly recommended by other Yelpers.I love that my teens love this place even though the Peruvian fries were really spicy.   We went all out and ordered two dishes per person plus soft serve for my youngest.  We left stuffed.  We sat at by the open kitchen, which is nice. They weren't talkative, so I didn't get to pick their brains about ingredients.
The Korean tacos with tempeh were really delish. The zaatar corn fabulous as was the cauliflower 65. The butter miso noodles were interesting in a good way.  The Harrissa tofu was prepared really well and flavorful.  Peruvian fries I wouldn't order again.  Huge, hot, and filling. Not my favorite combination 
My favorite--the cauliflower 65. 
Girl one--butter miso noodles, the least spicy 
Girl two--the Korean tempeh in the taco.  Then caulfower and sauce on the corn. 
Girl one prefers Vedge. Girl two will have to wait to find out.Great food and service. The corn custard dessert was fab. Rocking it out with vegan food. Thanks!Stopped by for a quick snack-meal... The Peruvian fries were amazing... Sauce on the side coz it was a bit spicy but still so yummy!  Great service!V Street is one of the best restaurants in Philly - I bring all of our visitors to V Street when they come in from out of town and it's always a favorite, even for meat eaters.  The dishes are creative with unique flavors that you can't find anywhere else.  Highly recommend the tempeh tacos.I've been playing with becoming vegan since I moved to Philadelphia and this restaurant was beyond amazing! The food is so flavorful and prepared perfectly. There wasn't one bad quality. Go even if you aren't vegan, you won't be missing anything!The best vegan restaurant I have ever been. From drinks to desserts, everything was perfect. The star dish was the cauliflower 65 tacos. It is a must buy dish. The flavor of whipped Dal & cauliflower and the texture of the cauliflower were awesome. The other dishes we tried were Peruvian potatoes and Dan Dan noodles which were really good too.Loved this place! We were in Philadelphia for the weekend and decided on V Street last minute as wanted something a bit different - having eaten a lot of meat! Everything was amazing. Not one bad dish - even the tofu which I've always said I don't like! Can't recommend it enough. Faves were the cauliflower and corn.It was a nice experience . It is the same owner as Vedge but i think its more hip with different taste of food and found the crowd also different over here than vedge. My wife booked a table. Just to late you know you need to book table in advance i think you will get a 2 top or 4 top but more than that best of luck. Food is exceptional , small portions as they recommend to choose 4-5 items from the menu . We were hungry so we got 4 items.
1)Cauliflower 65 , which is a deep fried cauliflower with a nice sweet and sour tangy sauce 
2)Dan Dan Noodle - i like it but if you, it was little spicy for my wife. Its a cold noodle normally with mustard oil and minced tofu. 
Peruvian Fries - Recommended really nice sliced potato fries with a slight twist. 
3)Smoked Beet langos : it was very nice with small cup flat bread topped with beets and other ingredient i would highly recommend this.
4) BANCHAN BEANS : Charred beans i could smell the grill it was amazing with seasame sauce.
We would definitely  go there againAmazing food! We ordered the cauliflower, carrot asado, korean fried tempeh tacos, banh mi toast, and dan dan noodles. Loved all of the dishes, it was hard to pick a favorite. Keep in mind that the banh mi toast is a cold dish so don't order it if you're looking for something warm.My colleague and I ordered food to go last evening.  First of all, the menu is so exciting that we wanted to order everything listed.  We restrained ourselves and only ordered five items.  They were delicious, flavorful and left us wanting more.  We look forward to eating inside the restaurant and trying everything else on the menu.  Not to be missed:  cauliflower and the eggplant.This was seriously amazing. 
Vegan food at its finest!
You will not be disappointed!
Kimchi tacos = 5 stars *****
Cauliflower 65 = 5 stars *****
Satan Kabab = 4.5 stars ****
Banh Mi Nom = 4.5 stars****
Specialty drinks are well worth the visit ...
Miles Davis = 5 stars *****
Sir Hillary's = 4.5 stars *****Had brunch there this morning and was highly impressed. Loved the waffles and the Brunch Bun was amazing!!! Now to think of a reason to go back very soon...Fantastic bar and vegan street food from the geniuses that brought us Vedge. 
My wife and I stopped in for some snacks and drinks and ended up eating more than expected because it was so delicious. Started out with a "Cruz Control" specialty cocktail (tequila, horchata, tepache) that was tangly and tasty. Then on to shishito peppers (which we loved at Vedge no less brilliant here) and the seitan kebabs which were smoky and delectable. This came with a side of fatoosh salad on homemade pita - perfect sweet to the smoke. Then a "Hong Kong Karaoke" (goslings rum, yamazaki, caramel apple miso) and the Korean fried tempeh tacos that balanced sweet and spice beautifully. The price was very affordable and service was excellent. What a great addition to the Philly food scene.Excellent food, atmosphere and service. Love this spot! The menu choices are creative and always delicious. Intimate space, but very accommodative. During our most recent visit, Harry was our server. He was incredibly attentive and personable. Certainly recommend for brunch, lunch or dinner.We came here a few weeks ago and I'm still thinking about it. This place was phenomenal. I love a good steak, but I was not missing the meat in this meal. The dishes are so creative and well executed. The drinks are also pretty tasty and the service was on point. 
The Peruvian fries are a must. We also had the Reuben, Dan Dan noodles (better than Han Dynasty in my opinion), and the waffle dessert. I wasn't as wild about the dessert as I was about dinner, but it was still pretty good. Overall, it was a great experience, I'll definitely be going again.Amazing vegan food! We came with 6 people and ordered one of everything. Everything was delicious!! Service was great at well. Only complaint is that The drinks are kinda small and a bit overpriced. Really enjoyed the restaurant and would definitely come back!!