It's been years since I've been to Valanni, but a recent happy hour brought me back for my epic return.
I have to concur with everyone who speaks so highly of their happy hour. From 5-7 Monday through Friday, they have an excellent offering of half price tapas, cocktails and wines. They also have $5 you-call-its and $3 Yuenglings.
The half off cocktails are the really special part about this special. It's not limited to a select few options. You have your choice of any of their fabulous libations. The cucumber martini was beverage of the evening. It consisted of cucumber infused Skyy Vodka, St. Germain, and fresh lime juice with a cucumber wheel. They went down smoothly and quickly. We sat at the bar and the server was on top of his game. It was very easy to place a refill order. 
I also went with the spicy pulled chicken empanadas and crispy Brussel sprouts. This was definitely the most interesting preparation of Brussel sprouts I've ever eaten. They were prepared with marcona almonds, granny smith apples and aged balsamic. It truly was a tapa so don't except your typical Brussel sprout appetizer portion. 
The chicken empanadas were simply out of this world. Although they were fried, they weren't the least bit greasy. There was a crispness to the shell, but it was still easy to neatly cut them with a fork and a knife. They were stuffed full of cilantro and manchego flavor and the chipotle-horseradish aioli gave a nice kick without being overly spicy. They were larger than I thought they'd be and two came to the order.
The bar area was not packed on the night of my visit and it was very easy to maintain a conversation with the three people in the group sitting at the bar without having to scream.
My tab ran me a little under $30 before tax and tip. It was nice to have quality food and cocktail in a nice atmosphere without spending a fortune. 
I have no doubt there'll be less of a gap before my next visit.Used Yelp to find this place and it met all of our expectations. The tapas menu & cocktail list are perfect. Our favorite was the Tuna Tartar. Enjoy!Wonderful experience!  When we walked in my first thought was "wow, it's swanky.  Swanky places usually have food that's just ok because they are more into the atmosphere and having a cool bar than they are the food."  I was wrong.  The food was delicious!  
The bar area was very vibrant and was packed. We decided to have a few drinks in before dinner and their specialty drink menu had a lot of interesting options. The print on the drink menu is really small though and it's pretty dark in there so I could barely read the ingredients. I'm in my early 30's and no where near the point where I have a hard time reading small print.  Its just hard to get a good light on the menu to read it. You can read the names of the drinks but the ingredients are tiny.  I get sick every time I drink vodka and asked the bartender if he could make one of their signature drinks with rum instead.  He said that it would taste funny if he did that but he would whip me something special instead.  Whatever it was, it was really good!    
We were seated at a tiny round table for two on the lounge side. It was cozy and nice, but the table was about as big as an Altoid. I was surprised they had such small tables for a tapas restaurant.  We ordered a few different dishes and asked the waiter to space them out so that we would have room for them on the table and he was very accommodating about how much food to order and what order to serve it in.  We ordered the Medi-Latin plate, which is served on a long skinny platter that hung off both sides of the table.  Everything on the platter was delicious - far better than I would have imagined. 
We also got the lobster and crab mac and cheese and it had an entire lobster claw in it plus tons of crab meat.  The sauce was pretty typical for mac and cheese - nothing amazing, but the amount of lobster and crab made up for it. 
The flatbread was a good but a little lame compared to the rest of the food- I wish we had skipped that and ordered something else instead. It was tasty, just difficult to eat since the toppings didn't stay on the bread. 
We split the oreo dessert and the hazelnut mouse truffle.  Both were scrumptious.
Pricing is not available on their website but it was very reasonable.  I believe the Medi-Latin plate was $25 and it included 7 different items (mostly 2 of each item, except calamari and feta which had more).  With a few drinks, the Medi Plate, Mac and Cheese, Flatbread, Polenta, and two desserts, our bill came to about $110.  We had closed out our bar tab before being seated and I believe that was about $30 for two mixed drinks and a beer. 
Can't wait to go back!I've been in and out of Valanni twice before I sat down to enjoy a meal during CC Restaurant Week. The hostesses have been not so friendly and I honestly feel more comfortable walking into Barclay Prime than this place. Luckily our waitress was much nicer than the hostess. Myself and two friends had a reservation for 7:30 on a Wednesday.  I started with the Spicy Pulled Chicken Empanadas, had the Pan Seared Chicken Saltimbocca as my entree, and the Oreo Beignet for dessert. The empanadas and beignet were delicious, the chicken saltimbocca was fine.  I also had a taste of the goat cheese balls and brussel sprouts which were good too! I would definitely come back to try more in the future.We went for dinner on a weeknight and were pleasantly surprised by the interesting selection of smaller plates.  
We knew that we definitely wanted their Crispy Brussels Sprouts (my friend usually hates them but tried them here once before and was stunned that she loved them).  The combination of granny smith apples and marcona almonds was great! And I really enjoyed the sauce that complimented - it was aged balsamic when I inquired.  Highly recommend it!
The Porkbelly Slider Cubans were pretty good too.  Simple but excellent execution and great proportions - you got just enough pickle to the Canadian bacon and cheese.  
Don't skip the Fried Goat Cheese!! By far the best menu item we tried.  (See posted picture- we couldn't even resist eating one each before taking a picture of the last one on the plate). The honey just goes so well with the tangy yet creamy goat cheese, but the bell pepper marmalade adds another exciting layer for your taste buds.  Heavenly!
Service was good, although we were literally the only customers sitting outside on a nice summery night.  And don't forget to check in on yelp for a complimentary wine/sangria (if they still have that offer)!Very loud. Slow apathetic service. I had the pasta special, which was overcooked and lacking in any  flavor but salt. Took a long time to get our drinks even though the restaurant was not full and we did not order craft cocktails. Wine, Grey Goose on the rocks. On a positive note, my husband had a wonderful hamburger. Being an expert on hamburgers, he pronounced it one of the best he's had. We won't be back.A gal pal roped me in for dinner at Valanni for restaurant week.  We had an 8:30 PM reservation and the house was packed to the brim.  I always view it is a good omen when a dining room is full with patrons and I was eager to try their diverse menu.  Long story, short, I liked the food enough that I would return during a regular week.  Although I wasn't particularly fond of the grilled romaine salad (the chipotle caesar dressing was a bit too rich and more than a bit too bland), I was infatuated with the crisp polenta croutons.  The red mussels were an instant hit at the table--they could simply serve the savory tomato garlic broth as a lone dish.  My friend gave her hard-earned approval to the Kobe beef burger ("A-grade"), which is a big deal in our social circle because she is a burger connoisseur and has been very disappointed lately with the Philadelphia burger scene.  I myself ordered the seafood paella, which was not as authentic as I had preferred (served on a white plate, no burnt rice?, an overwhelming tomato base), but I still scarfed it down.  Even though it wasn't true paella (more of a seafood and tomato risotto), it was generously prepared with plenty of seafood (mussels, shrimp, scallops!, clams, even a sad baby octopus) and seasoned rice.  Apparently, the house chocolate mousse hits the nervous system like cocaine and it was lapped up by all those who ordered it for dessert.  Parking was a gigantic pain in the ass, but I'm planning to come back soon for the rest of the menu.Valanni just underwent a sort of face-lift, and seems to be having a bit of an identity crisis as a result. Most people I've spoken to know Valanni as an upscale restaurant with a sleek, modern but classy set-up. The new Valanni (or "Valanni Social", as the new signs indicate) is more of an upscale gay club/tapas bar. While there are still tables for dinner and such, the main draw now seems to be to the plush front room that faces Spruce Street, with white couches and a fancy changing-light wall. It also appears that there's a DJ there full-time pumping dance remixes into the restaurant. 
You won't find Valanni on any list of gay bars in Philadelphia but it's definitely become that -- moreso a place where you and friends can go for some moderately-priced cocktails before hitting up bars like Woody's or Tavern on Camac. I also can't really tell what the server situation is there. Some people seem to get waited on in the lounge area, others not.A great standby in Center City. Went in at 6:30 PM after driving past two different venues (Marcato and Mixto) with waiting lines resembling an old Soviet bread line. We got al fresco seating with no wait and ordered several tapas. The ham croquettes were delicious. We followed that with pulled pork empanadas and a very tasty sea bass dish with crab, olive and capers.  More tapas that included roast pork with garlic, an iberian cheese plate and calamari.  We left stuffed.  Good wine selection.  The wait staff was friendly and prompt.I came here for the last night of restaurant week and they were swamped. We arrived 15 minutes late for our reservation because of traffic but they sat us right away with no problems. Our server was great. She was attentive even having at least 7 tables. Food was delicious not one thing tasted bad from appetizer to dessert! Only negative I could say is the seating is weird definitely a lounge atmosphere even during dinner hours, very close to the other tables. Great place!!I almost gave this place 2 stars, but I think I'll finally stick with 3.  The food here is pretty good.  But if you go here and you want to eat on a Saturday night after 10pm, you should know that it will be SO LOUD inside and you will have to scream at your friends so they can hear you.  The service is also not great- our cute blonde server could have cared less about our table.  The music was the gayest remixes of songs from the late 90s that I have ever heard.  (that is a good thing).  Also I got to meet a gay porn star, so that adds to the fun. Lobster mac and cheese is bangin.Valanni didn't quite hit the mark for me. Their food offers all the characteristics we Americans like in bar food - cheesy, fatty, and deep fried - but not much else. 
A summary of everything we ordered:
Free Sangria with Checkin
The white tasted more like water than wine. The red was better, but still watered down. I guess this should be expected since it was free.
Lobster and Crab Mac and Cheese
This dish was shockingly abundant in lobster and crab, an obvious plus. But the mornay (cheese) sauce was no different than frozen mac and cheese in both taste and texture.
Black Truffle Arancini 
It's deep fried and has cheese. I assume that's why other reviewers like it so much. What was missing was the supposed star: the black truffle. We could not taste or see it anywhere in the dish. 
Duck and Foie Gras Flatbread 
The foie gras was cooked well, but there was only one piece to spread around a much larger flatbread. With just duck confit as a main topping, the dish was too dry. I did enjoy the brandied cherries though.
Meat and Seafood Paella
This portion for one could have served four. It was full of goodies, including chicken, scallops, and clams. For the price I think it was worth it. The only issue was that the paella was very wet.
In short, Valanni serves above average bar food that does not quite taste like fine dining. Despite the shortfalls, I actually enjoyed my meal there due to the hip ambiance. As other reviewers have said, you really feel like you've stepped away from Philly and walked into a New York tapas bar.I want to love Valanni but I just don't. I tried their seafood and meat paella and found it to be bland, over cooked, and devoid of any lobster, at the amount of money that I was paying, I expected a higher standard of flavor and finesse.The cocktails were watered down. I don't love it because of the multiple times that they've gotten my order wrong for takeout and then would not correct it and instead offered to substitute something else in place with a rude attitude when I refused any substitution. The hostess rolled her eyes and huffed when I said that I want what I ordered instead. They took over an hour to make my re-order of my original missing appetizer as I waited there. The hostess who handles takeout orders needs training in customer service. Maybe fire her.My girlfriends and I made reservations here during Center City's Restaurant Week.  We had never been here before, so I read the previous reviews on yelp and was prepared for great food, but possibly not-so-great service.  Instead, it exceeded my expectations--immensely!
Our server, Dan, was great.  He was friendly, knowledgeable about the menu and made good recommendations for us.  Our food came out in perfectly timed succession so we were neither waiting too long for next course, nor still working on the previous one.  
Each course was delicious, with complimenting flavors and perfect portion sizes.  I didn't leave to full or still hungry.
After my experience at Valanni, I'll definitely eat there again!
Things to note:
- If you're going to get drinks, go during their happy hour, which is from 5 - 7pm every night.  Every drink under $10 is only $5... not bad when you're drinking a few glasses of wine!
- Parking is difficult.  There's a parking lot down the block and across the street, but expect to pay $16.
- Between the three of us, we had the Brussels sprouts, figs in a blanket and seafood flatbread for appetizers, the scallops, tuna and duck breast for our entrees and the sopapilla, bread pudding and oreo beignet for dessert.  EVERYTHING was delicious!As promised, I came back to Valanni to check out their brunch menu with my mom and my sister.   Absolutely fantastic!  
We ordered the monte cristo, crab & horseradish eggs benedict, kobe beef brunch burger and a side of chorizo.  Everything was delicious.  Everything!  I  ordered the kobe beef burger, which came topped with bacon and egg, which is how every burger should be enjoyed.  It's just that good!  The fries that accompanied the dish weren't too special, but I loved the truffle mayo sauce that was served on the side.  So good!  The chorizo was the only thing I was iffy about - the kick I usually get with chorizo just wasn't there, but it was still good.
Note:  if you check in for the first time with Yelp, you get a free mimosa! 
I'll be back, Valanni!Just finished diner was disappointed with our four tapas. Grilled octopus was over complicated couldn't twist the octopus, empanadas where good but not worth reordering and Albondigas needed salt good in theory but failed in execution. Service was top notch. Won't return so many other tapas restraints in Philadelphia.Stopped in here for a few drinks.  I enjoyed the fact that they had a skinny drink menu (only in this neighborhood, right?)  The skinny drinks are not strong, unfortunately.  I suppose that's to be expected for the calories.  They did taste good.  There are definitely a lot of drink choices overall.  The food also looked good.
I really liked the atmosphere.  The bar area is large and sexy.  I would totally come back to eat or sit at the bar.Came here for happy hour because it seemed pretty promising. $5 nicely made cockstails? Sure. However, I really get the feeling that they reduce prices for happy hour and reduce their quality to compensate:
Here's the thing, if you're going to use Tortilla Gold (and for those of you who graduated college less recently, this is as cheap and cheap tequila goes), don't make the drink directly in front of the customer! If I order a decent cocktail, I'd at least like the illusion that I'm not drinking terrible tequila. The drink was at least decent, however.
The food was another interesting point. We ordered cilantro-corn mussles and spicy chicken empanadas. Flavor-wise, the mussels were great, I've never had mussels in a corn broth and I liked it. Problem-wise, we got 6 mussels in our order. Now, since apps are half price for happy hour, I guess that's ok to spend $5 or $6, but who would ever want to pay $12 for 6 mussels??? How is that fair? The empanadas were just ok, too much breading and very little meet. Once again, $5 for 2 of them is OK, full price $10 for 2 empanadas, less so.
While the food seems interesting enough and the place is certainly swanky, I'd save your money and more importantly your time for better happy hours.The best tapas restaurant I've ever been!!! Still think about the Chorizo and Chickpeas and the Vegetarian Antipasti. Also loved the overall ambiance. Great date place.had the pleasure of dining there with my wife and several close friends. First of all I have to say that the yelp reviews that say that this place is chic and feels like a high end New york City night club are correct. I loved the atmosphere and I loved the food even more. Some of their Tapas that we really enjoyed  were their Figs in a blanket, tuna tarte, grilled beef kabobs and the spicy  pulled chicken empanadas. We also enjoyed both the red and white mussels and we were pleasantly surprised how good they were. The seafood paella was outstanding and I would definitely recommend that you try it. We also enjoyed the lamb burger, kobe beef burger and the porcini crusted day boat scallops. Overall we enjoyed the food, atmosphere and a very pleasant and attentive wait staff.My experience was extremely positive w/ Valanni. Granted I came in during a week night and it was relatively quiet, the staff and bartender all greeted and treated me like one of their friends.
The food was great, we had one issue w/ my sprouts coming out a little over cooked, I didn't even mention anything and the item was comped.
There's a lot a restaraunt can do to "mess up" one's experience but I thought they really hit the nail on the head w/ the atmosphere and service that evening.
The food was very good, I got the burger - left off the bun and it was quite a good portion.Such a great restaurant, would highly recommend, coming from New York it is still one of the best meals I have had in a very long time.  Most imaginative menu I have ever seen - love the "kobe hot dog" - great tapas for groups, and the interior is very cool, including outside seating (although it doesn't look like much from the outside). A bit pricey, but well worth it for the best meal in Philly...WOOT. Happy hour. Awesome food, awesome experience, awesome company. But the drinks left me with some more to desire. The appetizers that we shared, empanadas (oh, succulent, succulent chicken meat) and calamari (oh, chewy, crispy goodness) were very good. My friend ordered a burger, which was good, but I'm not a fan of blue cheese. (I consumed a large part of the accompanying fries, though. Tee hee.) 
I ordered the Brazilian pop, which was small and tasted like Robitussin. $10 for alcoholic medicine. MAJOR BUMMER. For my dying wallet. However, my friend's Sangarita was amazing--it tastes exactly as it sounds and, not to mention, strong. ;D The watermelon sangria was disappointing; the alcohol was wallowing in the water of the watermelon. Bleh. Ordered some Blue Moon (i heart beer, especially good beer, like BM), which made up for all the other drinks, left me tipsy and content. 
As for ambiance, we had outdoor seating, which made for some nice tanning. But, lo and behold (!), on my way to the potty, it was beautifully decorated inside. Definitely sitting inside next time!My friend and I went the tapas ways and ordered a few to split. The restaurant was well lit and service was good, server knew when to leave and when to return. The brussels sprouts were the standout dish for me.Everything was perfect from the moment we stepped in the door. The host was very friendly and seated us promptly. The food was DELICIOUS and nicely presented [the Baked Brie is to die for!]. Our server was outstanding, super friendly and knowledgeable about the menu. The manager even stopped by and chatted with us for a few moments. There are also many fun and tasty cocktails on the menu! Overall, I would definitely recommend this place to any of my friends!I've taken a peek into this restaurant several times over the years, and the interior suggested a different kind of place than it is (after reading Megan D.'s review, I'm not alone on this one). But, after long last, I'm glad I gave it a chance. I've been a fan of Mercato & Varga for years, and Valanni rounds out the sister trio of restaurants quite nicely.
On Tuesdays, it's $20 bottle night... L'Chaim!
A few bottles of wine; the vegetable paella (the small order was plenty for a group of 4); the full tasting of cheese; and an amazing order of crab cakes, with a spicy mango chutney made this girl roll home, happy.My husband and I dined here last night during Restaurant Week. It's a small, but hip little place with good food. I had the empanadas, meat & seafood paella, ores beignet, margarita & Black cherry cosmo. Ok, yes I ate all of that. Yes I am greedy & could not stop myself because it was all delicious! The paella was one of the best I've had. My husband had the lobster Mac & cheese & Parmesan crusted Calamari. He raved about the Mac & cheese. All in all, we had a good time & our waiter (young guy with glasses) was super friendly and on point. We would come back on a less crowded night. It is slightly cramped in here and there bakes are close together, so it got pretty noisy.GET THE PAELLA ... GET THE PAELLA !!!!!!!!
And the lobster mac and cheese is to die for. I've never seen a restaurant give such generous chunks of lobster until i've tried it here. The cheese is oozing in flavor, as opposed to many other lobster mac and cheeses i've tried that really seem to be just bland. Neither the cheese or lobster is overpowering, but instead compliment each other.
The ambience of the restaurant is great, chic, a tad crowded, meaning it's great for a girls night. The bar is full, and has a great drinks selection.
I cannot wait to get back to philly and eat here again! They just scored a loyal customer.After encountering absurdly long waits at Mercato and Garces (presumably related to post-graduation feasting, which I had not taken into consideration), our party of four found ourselves at 12th and Spruce at 8:15 on a Saturday without a good back up plan.  Since Valanni was close, and we had all wanted to try it, last night seemed as good a time as any.  We were pleased by the available outdoor tables we saw, and approached the hostess who informed us that we would need a reservation, and the earliest available was for 9:00.  However, I pressed about the available tables outside and we wound up being seated before we could finish the cocktails we got at the bar.  Yay!
The drink menu was a manageable size, with a nice range from frou-frou fruities to more sophisticated cocktails.  Most were in the ~$10 range, and the sangrias we had were worth it.  The wine and beer lists were of similar high quality, and similar (slightly inflated) prices.
Our group stuck to the tapas menu, and the dishes sampled ranged from very good to excellent.  The crispy brussels sprouts and polenta with shrimp really stood out as favorites.  Sadly, I was not as wowed by the lobster mac as I had hoped.  Dishes that fell in the middle included the Caprese flatbread, pork belly, bok choy, and red mussels.  We also did a sample of four desserts (mousse two ways, creme brulee, baklava, and a bread pudding).  Each of these was divine.
Our waitress was very friendly.  Though the restaurant was quite busy, and she clearly had tables inside and out, we never felt neglected.  Unfortunately, while clearing the plates, she spilled a large quantity of sauce from one the plates all over my silk dress.  It was obviously an accident, and she was genuinely apologetic saying she would send the manager right out.  We never saw the manager, and the only compensation I was given was the price of one dessert.  I did not want to make a scene to track down the manager and request the cost of cleaning the dress, so I just let it go.  However, I have been offered greater reparations at Tria when they were out of the cheese I ordered.
In spite of the spill, I plan to go back.  The atmosphere was fun, the food was good, and there were many more menu items I am excited to try.  The tapas-style portions are appropriately small, but surprisingly filling.  It wasn't a cheap meal, but I found the prices in line with the quality.  If I make it through my next experience without wearing my meal (self-inflicted spills not included), I am sure I will be upping the stars.  
The bonus of being turned away from the BYOBs was our bounty of wine that we had available for late night park sipping!Restaurant week is a happy time of the year.  You get to try new places and explore the culinary artistry that Philadelphia restaurants have to offer.  Unfortunately, my visit to Valanni ruined my restaurant week run and completely turned me off of trying new restaurants.  I am truly in disbelief after reading over all the positive reviews...how can this be?
Lets start from the beginning.  We arrive at the restaurant where the girl at the front desk looks confused and doesn't appear to check if I had a reservation or not.  I later come to find out, she never checked me in and I did not receive my points from open table.  We are led to our table, where we sit and are disappointed by the ambiance as the pictures depicted something a lot more romantic and grandiose.  The first thing I noticed was dirty glasses.  I have only come across unwashed glasses at crappy places, so this was the first sign. We waited for a while for our waitress and when she approached we had absolutely no idea if she was a waitress or someone there to refill our water as she just stood looking at us.  
The beer menu was non existent and a place that claims its good for drinks, that was a huge disappointment.  Its crazy that an applebeees would have more of a beer selection.  We started with fried calamari and red mussels.  The calamari was over fried and so greasy that my husband wanted to throw up after 5 pieces.  The red mussels were drenched in a tomato sauce that was probably purchased from the shelves of Shoprite.  After the appetizers, we were nauseous and upset.  However, we thought "perhaps the meal will make up for all of this".  Well...we were absolutely wrong.  The tow entrees we ordered were scallops and seafood paella.  Now mind you, we paid an extra $5 dollars for the paella.  The restaurant week menu claimed we would get lobster in the paella but instead we received 3 shrimp, 2 scallops, a few calamari and a few mussels.  The paella was the worst thing either of us have ever tasted.  One of the things that makes a great paella is the rice.  Anyone that has ever tried paella or loves it, would know that.  The rice was strange, sticky and round.  It was drenched in the some tasteless, flavorless, red soupy based sauce that also made us sick.  My scallops were burned and the size of quarters.  I have never had such disgusting scallops--EVER.  The best part of my dish were the mashed potatoes, and that is really just sad.  
After such a horrendous dinner, the dessert was coming and we were afraid...
One of the things I truly love is a good OREO BEIGNET.  So, I ordered one for dessert.  It was cold, tasteless, and tasted like some fried dough that cooled on a rack for a few hours.  I was in shock.
My husband got the granny smith apple pudding.  There were supposed to be chocolate, cranberry and walnut in his pudding.  We never tasted any of those things.  I never had such bread pudding, I mean who screw up bread pudding?? 
Well, this place did.  
I could go on and on about the terrible food, the service, the lack of care in this restaurant but I am exhausted and must stop.  I truly love food.  It means the world to me.  I love trying to places, and can really appreciate a good restaurant and a memorable meal.  This unfortunately has gone down in the books as the most disgusting, unacceptable, disappointing meal I have ever had in Philly, and really anywhere else.  I would never return, even if this was the last restaurant on earth and would NOT recommend it to anyone who enjoys good food or an enjoyable dining experience.Nice atmosphere with very dim lights.  The lobster and crab mac and cheese is delish.  The spicy pulled chicken empanadas are not too spicy and flavorful.  If you like sweet drinks I would suggest the Salted Caramel Truffle.I would seriously come to this place JUST for the Brussels sprouts....yes, it's that serious...now for the rest of my review... As for everything else....meh. Came here for restaurant week, made reservations of course, super glad we did because on a Thursday the place was SLAMMED! We had to wait by the bar for them to clean a table for us, which was a very tight area with all the people and traffic of servers attempting to do their job. 
So we tried to get our free wine glass at the bar (with our Yelp check in) and were denied due to restaurant week - wahhh! So I ordered a Sangarita - a margarita, with a shot of wine - in hindsight, this sounds disgusting. Needless to say, I fell for the gimmick, and not only was the Malbec floating on my margarita gross, but the drink was 80% sour mix. My friend ordered just a regular margarita, same issue. Sadly the only happy person with their drink was my friend who ordered the bubbly mango drink, which was literally a double shot, NOT a full drink and still $10!
We were finally sat and ordered mixed tapas - Chicken Empanadas, Parmesan Calamari, White Sauce Mussels and CRUNCHY BRUSSELS SPROUTS! As most people mentioned in their reviews, the empandas and sprouts are clear winners with both great flavor and portions. As for the mussels, I don't know what the portion is like normally but we LITERALLY got 6 mussels and a clear bowl TRIPLE the size to dump our shells in. It also brought this sausage that I just did NOT enjoy. The calamari was a good portion, just not much to taste. The peppers on them gave some flavor, but acted more like a garnish, they didn't even bring lemon or a dipping sauce. 
Not very happy with the tapas selection, I was no longer looking forward to my meat and seafood paella. Thankfully, when it came it looked great. The rice was incredibly soft, more like risotto than paella. It brought a nice selection of meats, the chicken was my favorite. Sadly the sausage that was in the mussels was here too and I just could not deal with it. One of my girls ordered the Lobster Mac n Cheese and loved it. Another ordered the Penne chicken piccata and really enjoyed it as well. 
The ambiance was extremely chic and romantic. This is an easy pick for a date spot with its cozy seating and dim lighting, reminds me of many NYC spots. Maybe during restaurant week the quality of food and drinks is better, but I don't know if I would return. Overall the experience was that of a fancy restaurant, small portions, tight areas to sit and slow service. If it wasn't for the mind blowing brussels sprouts, I wouldn't hurry to return.Awesome food/drinks/atmosphere! Been going here for years...never disappoint. DJs from wed-sat, great happy hour 5-7 1/2 price apps, and amazing brunch for Sundays. 
Great place to meet up with friends or bring a date :)Very good food, and most waiters are great. Some need more training. Cocktails are tasty, though on the weaker side and, even during happy hour, are on the pricey side. The tapas were very tasty, and reasonably priced during happy hour. Beware though, the happy hour menu is only available at the bar and in the lounge area, not in the "dining room". Great management too, very responsive !Always a must-go when in the city. Great atmosphere and vibe. Drinks and food are always good. Service is fast and friendly.Came on a Saturday night for drinks and a few small plates. I didn't have any of their cocktails, even though they had a huge list of dozens to choose from. I had a simple vodka soda and my boyfriend had Jack and Ginger. They had just the right amount of alcohol to get our night off to the right start without costing a ton. I think they were only about $8 each. We also ordered their lamb sliders, chicken empanadas, and calamari. Next time I'd skip the chicken empanadas but their lamb sliders and calamari are definitely worth ordering again. The service wasn't anything special and our server didn't really have much to say when I asked about what's good. It seemed like as far as he was concerned he was just there to take an order and get through his shift. Fine with me because we still enjoyed everything, but I took away one star because of this.
We'll definitely be back thanks to their great drinks, food and trendy, intimate vibe which was a great way to start date night.This place is the best.  From the ambiance to the fun drinks to the great Mediterranean food.  The Empanadas are a must get!  We went here for Restaurant week and 3 cpurses for $35 was a great deal.  Oreo Beignets were a great way to finish the meal!  This place will stay in the rotation for me for when I happen to be dining out in Center City.Awesome place.  Been here a bunch and love the roasted squash flatbread and the duck flatbread( please bring the squash flatbread back!,,,) paella is an incredible deal but watch out, it is a lot of food. I wish they could do the endless mimosas for brunch again but I heard from a waitress that they got fined by the city so I guess it is out of their control. I will say this, they have the best damn pancakes in Philadelphia, don't believe me? Try for yourself.We recently ate here for my husband's birthday. Let me say now that we are not foodies by any stretch of the imagination. We try new places once and a while and go out for special occasions, and that's it. That said, all of the plates we ordered here, we've had better somewhere else. Between the two of us, we got the figs in a blanket, bacon wrapped scallops, spicy chicken empanadas, parmesan truffle fries, calamari, and kobe cheesesteak sliders. Everything was pretty meh.Valanni! How have I overlooked you for this long?
I took my family out for my sisters bday dinner and wanted to try something new. So glad we stumbled upon this modern and fun spot. My only complaint was that our table for a party of 5 was small! However, we worked together and could come up with the right amount of room for each wave of tapas.
What we got:
Lamb lollipops
Figs in blankets
Chorizo flatbread
Grilled octopus
Firey potatoes (basically patatas bravas)
Buffalo chicken croquettes
Brussel sprouts
Meat and seafood paella
Oreo beignet
Rum bananas
Cheesecake
We split everything and found ourselves the right amount of full at the end! The stand out favorites were the grilled octopus, brussel sprouts (believe it or not!), and the paella. With that said....everything else was also amazing. I am pretty impressed with Valanni and plan on coming here in the near future with a group of friends. It's a good place to order a lot of interesting dishes and grab a drink before going out on a Saturday. 
Speaking of drinks...the mojitos are bomb! Some of the best I've had in a while!
In summary, I'm digging Valanni. I think it stands out on its own from the current Philly restaurant scene in that it taps into a wide variety of cultural dishes but with its own unique twist. The menu was fun with lots left on it that I would like to try out!Ambience/Decor: Typical full bar with dining seating around it. Spacious enough that you didn't have to knock someone's drink over to get out from the interior.
Service: Terrible, terrible, and terrible. Horrible, horrible, and horrible. This is one of those places in which if you do not order a drink you will get bad service. A water refill will take 15 minutes. People around you who arrived later than will get their food sooner because they ordered drinks. Serves with the mentality that those who do not order drinks will be cheap with tipping, therefore provides bad service. I cannot emphasize this point enough. 
Food: Grilled octopus was disgusting. Not fresh at all and just dipped in olive juice and vinegar with weird bits of 'home fries' over it. Kobe burger was dry and bland. One could probably choke on the bread if no condiments were provided. Fries that came with it were okay. If you're looking for a good seafood paella, then please do yourself a favor and go somewhere else. Seafood was 1) not fresh and 2) overcooked.
If there was an option for 0 zero starts, I'd opt for that!Went with a group of four. We were told to order 2-3 tapas per person, and we ended up getting a bunch of small plates of deep fried items that were all either drizzled with or served with a side of the same chipotle mayo. One of the guests remarked how everything looked the same, which was indeed the case. Brown, deep fried, and plain-tasting. Really overpriced, too. Service was exquisitely slow. 
I love varga bar, which is one of its sister restaurants. That's a huge head-scratcher for me, as varga bar has delicious, innovative food for a gastropub. This place, which tries to sell itself as being more upscale, somehow manages to have food that looks and tastes like crappy bar food.Pretty great tapas place in the city! Went here for my bachelorette party actually and they served us really well! I went back with my husband for our birthday dinner! I would recommend this swanky little joint for drinks or dinner for a couple. Not a family place, but more of a couples/friends night out.Food - average to good tapas, some we very over salted.  Octopus was very disappointing - menu described it as octopus with lemon and olive oil, but what came out was a few tiny pieces of octopus with a brown sauce and some sort of thin spaghetti noodles.  Definitely not what any of the five of us were expecting.  Coffee was excellent, as was the Oreo desert.  
Now to the cocktails we had.  WTF.  5 margaritas, ranging from house to Patron & Cointreau and Patron and Grand Marnier.  We were flabbergasted - worst margaritas ever.  We left three no more than half consumed.  Even the cheap mix well tequila margaritas at our local dive / sports bar are better.  The Caipirinha was a complete joke and it's obvious the bartender has never had one.  It was pretty much just  cachaça and granulated sugar - no lime.  The Margarita's also seemed to be lacking any lime flavor, and whatever orange liquor they used was so sparse it gave only the slightest hint of flavor.  Otherwise, pretty much just tequila, water and sugar.  
Service was very good however and when we did finally mention the drinks the waitress did replace them with beer.One of my coworkers has taken on the title of Happy Hour Coordinator (doesn't every office have one of these?), a position of little lucre but great utility for the rest of us. After many long hours researching in the field, his diligence lead us to crown Valanni our Office Happy Hour Spot. Valanni is dead, long live Valanni. 
With half priced drinks and apps, a big, square bar and cozy little tables in nooks nearby, this is an accommodating place for a gaggle of people. They make a mean mojito, with lots of mint and aesthetically pleasing rock candy. When it's cold, I often opt for the frequently-changing seasonal stout (Bell's Expedition and Dogfish Head Chicory, for representative examples). My favorite embarrassingly-named cocktail looks like a trainwreck with three ingredients too many on the menu page, but with a splash of balsamic vinegar to cut its sweetness, it's different and delightful.
The patatas bravas and other bar snacks are a cut above your typical happy hour fare, and the lobster mac n cheese makes my colleagues rave. At a catered party in the back room (which is a nice spot for a party), Valanni really showed its stuff, with an extensive Mediterranean-inflected selection of hors d'oeuvres, plated in single bites on spoons and presented alluringly on a tall rack. Everything I tasted - hummus, white beans with pesto, vegan flatbread, cucumber salad and especially this one feta dip - was well-executed, and I appreciated the balance of vegetarian and dead animal options.
Service here tends to be either exemplary or execrable, and occasionally, that can result in a truly abominable drink. I recommend having your Happy Hour Coordinator spend some time getting to know the bartenders, who now start muddling and mixing as soon as they see our guy walk through the door.OMG the paella, Lobster Mac and cheese and Oreo Beignets- oh so good!!!!! The waitress and staff were so friendly, the atmosphere is elegant. I went here on a girls trip with friends to celebrate my birthday, I was very happy.  I didn't like the mojito at first and the waitress, had it remade with no problems, she even asked me if I would like something else. I would definitely go back when I come back to Philly.I re-visited Valanni for a happy hour a week after my first visit and was truly impressed. Easily one of the best I've been to, because besides offering premium cocktails for $5 and some of their delicious small plates at half price, it extends from 4 to 7. That's pretty refreshing for a city full of happy hours that end about 5 minutes after people can manage to get into the bar after their post-workday commute. I'll be back plenty to take advantage.This is a good place to drop by for a watermelon sangria after work, as they have a decent happy hour. Does Center City Sips on Weds. in summer. I had tappas there recently which were good. I haven't eaten dinner there in two years, so I can't say how it is now, but when I ate there two years ago it was great, probably 4 stars. Seasonal sangria choices which really make my day. I actually liked the place better before they apparently knocked down a wall and doubled the size. I came back this year and realized that the space was completely different. Its a has a lighter, more modern flair now, but to me it feels less like the neighborhood bistro it used to be.Came here for Restaurant Week and had a nice meal. The service was great, and very friendly. We were seated quickly, got courses soon after finishing the one before, and got the check and receipt quickly.
Nice decor, soft lights and decent sized tables. There's an active, kind of loud bar area with dining around it, and a quieter room in the back. The sangria was okay, not terribly tasty or potent. We started with baked brie and black truffle arancini. Both were good but there was no flavor of truffle in the arancini. For entrees we had the scallops and pasta, which were tasty with good portions. Where Valanni shone was the desserts. We had a fantastic oreo beignet and a cinnamon-y gooey apple bread pudding. Yum
I would go back, but might just get dessert.Have always had an issue with slow service when dining here when it's busy. Went to brunch the other weekend and had an amazing meal though. We were the only table so I guess there was no issue with slow service haha. HOWEVER reservation was at 11am, and when I arrived 10 mins early I was told to wait outside and come back at 11. It was 30 degrees outside. Maybe you shouldn't take reservations at 11am if you can't take people arriving a little early? I would have been happy to wait up front or sit somewhere without service but it was a little odd to tell me to wait outside in the freezing cold. Anyway, the yogurt bowl was delicious and huge, and their cheesy grits are insanely good.too bad the chef is great, but the waiters hate women or straight people. If you're not gay you won't get service.Delicious food but definitely a scene... if you're looking for a quiet, intimate venue, this is not your spot.  To be a part of the lively dining scene in Philly, as well as amazing drinks, I would recommend this spot.  Also love the tapas options.I reserved a table at Valanni on a weeknight for a holiday party with some co-workers.  The reservation was made two weeks in advance, and confirmed the day of, but not until 6 pm that evening (reservation was at 8) did I get a phone call telling me that there would be a "muscle show" happening that night.  I probably would have chosen another venue if I had known there was a special event, but whatever.  We arrived with a group of 12 and weren't seated for almost an hour.  I spoke to various hostesses during the wait, all of which gave me different excuses and were generally rather dismissive.  When we were finally seated, the service improved significantly.  Our waiter was attentive and handled the large group well, despite the fact that the restaurant was swarming with nearly naked men in santa hats.  The appetizers and drinks that we ordered were all good, but based on the experience up until that point I doubt I'll ever be going back.Great happy hour place to try! TONS of drink options for $5 or less, including the "Skinny" ones. The must try app is def the Brussels sprouts...sounds odd..but OMG...just give it a try and you'll be blown away! The vegetarian empanadas were meh, the hummus platter was good, the tuna plate didn't have too much flavor. Definitely left full! For 6 appz, 5 drinks it was about $15 a person, pretty nice! Also, it's really nice and cute inside, where it feels loungy but also really cozy!Great little hidden gem!  I checked it out with a friend of mine on a Sunday evening.  The front windows/doors were open and there was a cool breeze blowing through despite the relatively humid day.  
Great selection of tapas and drink list.  Staff were friendly and great for pacing the food so my friend and I could relax and enjoy one another's company without feeling rushed for someone wanting our table.  
I would highlight recommend!Small plates, but everything was delicious and unique! Fantastic service!A bit overpriced for what you get. Some of the portions are microscopic, which would be okay if it were cheaper,  more impressive or innovative.  However,  it is neither of the 3. There are several tapas places in the Ironbound of Newark NJ which can run rings around this place. I renember going to Valanni pre-tapas, and it was a much better restaurant as it was a lot less gimmicky. Good tapas is not easy, in the same way cupcakes invariably taste worse than a slice of a larger cake. It takes grounding in a long tradition of small plates, not just some tricks executed in cut down entrees.My SO took me here for my birthday and it was absolutely lovely. The sleek, modern décor with all its greys and mirrors is chic, yet inviting. I was surprised that it was almost empty when we visited, but it was a Sunday night. Our waiter was extremely prompt and professional. He gave great suggestions and had wonderful taste.
We started the meal with bacon-wrapped scallops in a truffled corn sauce. The scallops were huge and positively silky with just the right amount of salty fat to complement the sweetness of the corn. I also had a white sangria, but I preferred the mango mojito. Valanni makes theirs with mango puree, not juice, creating a richer cocktail. Next I tried the white mussels. They are prepared in a corn broth with cilantro and chorizo and a nice big crostini on top. The mussels were quite mild and a nice option for the warm weather. The tuna tartare was my final tapa and it was delectable. The balsamic soy glaze had a molasses-esque richness and lent the perfect amount of tang to the flawless tuna. The tortilla chip accompaniment is smart since it adds texture. My SO had the pork tenderloin which was cooked to perfection and had a nice fruit relish on top. We finished up with rum bananas which I would have enjoyed more had they not come with a rapidly melting scoop of vanilla ice cream. That aside, our time at Valanni was romantic and exciting. The menu is so versatile and ranges from the pedestrian to the exotic. My favorite non-Garces restaurant in Philly!Paella is always delicious! Free sangria with yelp check in is always a plus. I like that they actually infuse fruits in their sangria! Chicken empanadas for appetizers were surprisingly delicious.What a cringeworthy, hideous place. Meh drinks, awful music and then there's the clientele! Not for me.Went here for brunch and the place was empty (apparently the norm). I'm not exactly sure why because the food was great. Had the lobster waffle (they use a fancier sounding name for it), the crab English muffins (same), and cheesy grits. All three tasted good, but the winner was not surprisingly the Lobster waffle. I will put this place into my rotation.
There was a hair found in my crab muffin dish, but not only did they replace it , they also comped it off the bill. I wasn't expecting that and so they get kudos for great customer service there! Outstanding! 
Server was friendly. 
Food Quality/Taste = 4 Stars
Portion Size Given Price = 3 Stars
Price = 3 Stars
Experience with Staff = 4 Stars
Decor = 4 Stars
Wait Time = 4 StarsGreat food and service. Very creative menu--tapas delicious. Warm atmosphere. Would recommend.
L.S.Loved it! Food was delicious and you get a ton! Service was great as well. Atmosphere was good, a little right but it was still fine. A little pricey but well worth it.N and I went for drinks and appetizers. The place filled up pretty quick and we were lucky enough to get to sit at a bar.
Fiery potatoes was amazing. Pulled chicken empanadas and calamari were ok. I ordered Sangarita (margarita with red wine) which was pretty disappointing as i could only taste margarita mixer; it was pretty looking though with red wine floating on top. I had dirty martini and it was pretty good. Happy hour prices were not bad at all.Happy Hour = half priced tapas and drinks = Happy Conference-going Girl!
Their tapas were pretty good. My husband and I ordered: fried calamari, crispy brussel sprouts, "fiery" potatoes, and trio of spreads. 
Fried Calamari = "Anything fried is always good" spoken by my husband. He decided that he just didn't like calamari, so I can't include that tapa on our review.
Crispy Brussel Sprouts = delicious-- doused with balsamic vinaigrette-- yum! (Note: they broiled it differently than I would at my home. They peel off each leave and broil it. So it is like a salad of brussel sprouts-- still good nonetheless.)
Fiery Potatoes = spicy. Very spicy but very good. I loved it even though the roof of my mouth said differently. 
Trio of Spreads = simple but good. Feta cheese, hummus, and something red (paprika I think-- it is pretty bland compared to hummus and feta to my surprise) and several pita bread pieces.   Good choice to combine against fiery potatoes. 
The ambiance in the bar is cute. A lot of mirrors.
ODDITY OF THE REVIEW:
I like their bathrooms. I know it is a bit odd, but I am very impressed with their bathrooms-- they have a cut-out in wall for purses to be placed on instead of the sinks or on the floors. Very thoughtful so with that, I am very impressed with Valanni.Went here for restaurant week 2016. We got here early and decided to sit at the bar before our reservation. Bartender was very friendly and informative about the drinks on the happy hour menu, great happy hour prices too! We then sat down for our three course meal. Everything was delicious and the waiter again very friendly. We had excellent service and wonderful food. Recommended!I love the Vallani happy hour the signature drinks are a bit sweet for my taste but are delicious nonetheless. Drinks are half-price and so are a few of their small plates.
Since drinks that cost 10-13 dollars are a bit out of my price range at this point an opportunity to pay half is nice. The small plates have never blown me away but suffice as an after work bite.
The staff is friendly and happy hour is great. Stop in for drinks during happy hour, especially if you are on a budget and want a treat.I came in with a friend on 01/18 to check out Restaurant Week 2016.  I ordered the brussel sprouts starter, scallop entree, and Oreo beignet aka fried Oreo dessert.  All three were great and perfectly portioned, I left full.  My friend ordered the figs in a blanket starter, chicken entree, and bread pudding dessert.  He was very happy with all three as well.  I personally feel that my entree was a bit better than his, if anyone reading this is torn between the two ;) but we swapped bites of each other's food and the chicken was still very, very good!
Reese was our server and he was that perfect mix of personable (outgoing, talkative, humorous) and professional (attentive, knowledgeable, helpful) that you want to find in every server.  It wasn't packed so it could be that he had more time to stop than normal, but it was really appreciated and we had a great time talking to him.  Reese also gave us some great recommendations for drinks.  My friend and I both started with a drink special they're running at the moment, some kind of black cherry cosmo, which was delicious.  For round 2, my friend got the About Thyme cocktail and said it was more sour than he expected but he still enjoyed it.  I got the X...Boyfriend?  Or X-Husband.  I can't remember actually :( whichever one has passion fruit and blood-orange in it.  It was awesome and my favorite out of all of them. 
In addition to Reese, the rest of the staff was also very friendly and welcoming, from the hostess to the food runners.  I'll definitely be back to try more of their cocktails and other dishes.Came here for a Date night on a Saturday was very loud with people talking and music. Great for Drinks and their signature Brussel Sprouts also liked the pita trio. We wanted to keep it light so we tried the Caesar salad and the cheesesteak sliders and didn't particularly think either one was very flavorful. Great presentation and tase in the truffle fries. Overall  good food and ambiance.Came here for restaurant week..was one of the few options open for a Friday night...reservation at 630p..husband and I got seated at the back of the restaurant at a table without table ware without candles and rocky cushion chair when there was at least 10 tables ahead of us open that were properly prepared for guests..we were hoping there was a huge reservation coming in but hope.....ironically there were only Asians in this room...and we are also Asian...the waitress was nice enough and eventually noticed we had nothing on our table and eventually brought us stuff..despite the other reviews we got our food pretty quickly...food was decent portions ..paella seemed too saucy..lamb burger was ok...I guess we didn't meet criteria for their club scene atmosphere..Gluck future diners!Come here if you are a money-lusting yuppie, the cocktails are 10 dollars and all you get is iceSo another bad night at Valanni  2nd within just a few weeks of returning for dinner. Firstly, I am one of those people who usually don't complain, but I feel I have to write and let others know of my experience of late at Valanni.   I don't get what is going on at Valanni as of late. Last visit I had to send back two martinis for the same reason, the cocktail shaker must not been cleaned out (rinsed) and tasted of something very, very sweet and as I said, happened twice that night! Service was also mediocre that visit. So I put that experience down to a busy night, new server and really I didn't want to make dinner date uncomfortable. So last night, I returned (I've been going to Valanni since they opened, DAY 1.) I booked my table well in advance and requested a table near the window, if possible as it was my date's birthday, a 7:30 reservation. Arrived and was seated right next to the kitchen door and a party of 14 earlier 20 something's who could have been any louder if they had tried. Again, I was with a date on a special occasion didn't want to cause a scene. I was hoping for a leisurely meal and an opportunity to spend a great evening with my date.   Ordered a Grey Goose with olives, it arrived as sweet as a Cosmo. It was replaced. My starter was great, the seafood flatbread and my date had a wonderful salad, Boston Bibb and Blue cheese.  I ordered another Grey Goose with olives and had to return it also as came out as a very Bad martini. My waiter, Scott ,convinced me to go with the GRILLED 8oz FILET- I ordered the steak medium rare it arrived medium well and almost burned on the outside, it was returned and I ordered another grey goose with olives and you guessed it, had to be returned, it was sweet. The waiter blamed the barman "he's new". I was so upset; I almost contacted the owner of the restaurant. His profits were being poured down the drain. To end on a high note, the seconded streak that was served was excellent, medium rare with delicious mushrooms and a red wine reduction. So please let the staff know if you food or drinks are not up to par.  You are paying for good food and expensive drinks.  I will probably go somewhere different next time.Came here by chance after walking around Philly.  Cocktails were great.  Bartender knew how to make a whiskey sour perfectly.  Had the cheese plate which was superb.  Good variety of cheeses and the fig jam and spicy honey were spot on.  Ordered the scallops with porcini mushrooms and garlic mash potatoes. Wait service was superb.  Next time I need to try the octopus.We had reservations for 2 and 7:30 on a Saturday night. We were seated on time yet it took 15 mins for a waiter to come over and get drink orders. He explained it took so long because there was a mix up on with server had our table which was a good excuse to me. It took over 10 mins to come over and pour water. I thought the water was infused because it looked cloudy but it was just regular water. Food was ordered before our cocktails made it to the table. Finally we had enough and told the hostess we were leaving and explained why. We frequently visit Mercato, their sister restaurant, and this experience was nothing like Mercato! Despite never tasting the food we won't be back.This place is under-appreciated, I think because it has such highly esteemed restaurant neighbors.  But don't overlook Valanni.  They have a fabulous happy hour special - basically everything good on the menu is available at happy hour. The drinks are well-balanced, and their paella is out of this world. Fun spot, not to be missed.Live right down the street and finally got around to going for brunch service. Dope spot. Very beautiful, chic, and modern interior. Outside seating for when the weather is right. Limited draft list (Victory, Philadelphia brewing) but the food is excellent. Highly recommend the braised short rib omelette, oh my god the ribs are so juicy and succulent.Three hour happy hour, 4-7 on a Friday night. I like. I also liked the extensive happy hour menu: Any $10 drink was $5. Does that mean I can double my mojito and martini intake? We thought so. Drinks were ALL excellent (and we had quite a few between four people), ex-boyfriend was my favorite.
Between the four of us, we really enjoyed our time here. Loved the vibe and atmosphere, especially with the holiday decor. Everything we got was delicious...the Chorizo flatbread was a little greasy and the mussels too spicy for me (but I'm a wimp), but everyone, including my picky BF and sister, enjoyed their meals!
Overall, I enthusiastically recommend the Medi-Latin plate (phenom) and Shitake Polenta. 
We will definitely be back. In fact, we are planning on hitting Valanni up for NYE. Can't wait.Everything was delicious! Great service too! Went for restaurant week and ordered the polenta dish as an app and the Brie as an app. For the main course, we had the pasta of the day which was rigatoni in a white, cream sauce with shrimp, tomatoes and spinach. Also had the seafood and meat paella. That was my favorite.The Buffalo Chicken Croquettes and Spicy Chicken Empanadas are a must. Portions are decent size and good for sharing. Service was a bit slow and there were issues with the credit card machine but I definitely recommend giving it a try.Loved it. Five of us walked in without a reservation at about 7:30 on a Saturday night. Not the greatest idea. We managed to secure the last five seats at the bar and decided to eat there rather than waiting the hour and a half it would've taken to get a table.
The bartender was attentive and helpful even though it took us forever to decide what we were eating. Our food came out much faster than I expected it to for how busy the place was. A friend and I split three of the tapas plates, another friend got something that he loved (bad reviewer - I totally forget what he got!), and the other couple got the HUGE Medi-Latin plate. They couldn't even finish it. I loved the tuna tartare! Amazing! Everything else was delicious too, but I'd go back just for the tuna tartare.
I had a boring bourbon and water to drink, but I tried the Gin-esais Quoi and the Rock Hard Mojito. Both amazing!
All in all, it's a great place for food or cocktails... but make a reservation if it's prime dining time!Between A-OK and Yay! I'm a fan, I'm really going to have to go with the A-OK, 3 star choice after my meal at Valanni. 
Last night I attended restaurant week at Valanni. I was meeting up with someone from Yelp to get the restaurant week experience and just chat. We were quickly seated at our table and our waiter was very friendly. The location is small so definitely make a reservation. I would also say the vibe here isn't too romantic, just chill. It's perfect to meet up with a friend for dinner! Maybe even split a few apps. Also, if you are coming for RW, you can't combine it with the free sangria with check in, which is kind of a bummer. 
So we go to order and we were taken aback because we thought we could order 2 from the appetizer section each, must have been a typo on the restaurant week page that's now fixed. I ended up ordering the Vegetable Empanadas, the Vegetarian Paella, and the Oreo Beignet. Looking back, I wish I would have chosen a fresher app. 
Vegetabke Empanada - the filling was flavorful, the outside was not oily, and the dipping sauce was pretty tasty, but these did not blow me away
Vegetarian Paella - this was kinda meh, i wish it had more flavor in the dish itself. there was this side sauce that I had to mix in to give it more flavor....shouldn't the dish be flavorful enough? makes me feel like the chef is not confident in cooking veggies.
Oreo Beignet - this saved the meal for me. I love ice cream and this was so creamy and tasty. Plus I love the combination of the warm beignet with the cold ice cream. I would definitely order this again.
Overall, I had a great time at Valanni but I'm not sure if I will be running back here.Rude staff and incredibly loud music.
It says restaurant, right? Okay, because this ain't no disco-tech or club.
The biggest problem is some of the staff is SUPER rude; to the point where you get one drink, pay, leave, and go somewhere else for dinner.
I think my last waiter was surprised I tipped him at all; he was terrible.
The drink was good, though. The bartenders know what they are doing.
Also, the music... it's at a 10 when it needs to be at a 5. It is so loud in this restaurant (from the music, not the patrons or staff) that you cannot - CANNOT - have a conversation with a person sitting 2-3 feet from you.
I do not recommend for a date night; unless to get 1 drink... or to get completely shitfaced and scream as loud as you want; ain't nobody gonna hear ya'.This place deserves four stars; howeveer, there were some problems.  First, the good points.  I am not sure why Valinni does not claim to have Spanish cuisine, because they have excellent Spanish food.  I had the seafood paella, and it was excellent.  The portion was very large.  The waitstaff was very attentive, even the members who were not waiting on me.  All of this, and more, were four star.  Now the problems, for a restuarant that claims to be Mediteranian, there should be more wines from the region on their winelist.  This is especially true for the Spanish wines.  There is only one (a Cava) on the list.  In addition, the bartender should know that when serving a Calvados, even if a bad one (if there is such a thing), the brandy should not be chilled and served in a martini glass.  According to my waiter, the restuarant does not have any brandy glasses.  If a buisness sells good brandy, they sould have the apppropriate glasses.For starters, my sister called the restaurant after we got back from her graduation on Sunday to ask last-minute if they could accommodate our large party of 8 (three sisters, two boyfriends, mom, dad and grandma). Fortunately, they didn't hesitate to take us, even though it was rather late. 
The Excellent: the food! Oh my god, the food! Everything that I had was perfectly seasoned. Our table had the three spreads with pita, the grilled octopus (not rubbery, perfectly tender and seasoned), I shared a cheese plate with someone (REALLY good selections, good portions, accoutrements were AWESOME, especially the truffle honey and red onion marmalade), and the seared foie gras and scallop. All were FANTASTIC. My main course was the Pasta special: fettuccine with spinach, shittake mushrooms, grilled shrimp in a truffle sauce that was slightly creamy. So good! My sister and her boyfriend got the paella for two, and others' got either a mix of tapas and one person got the fish entree. Everything came out at the same time, and at the right temp. Desserts were sorbets (eh... nothing special, just sorbets), the quad of Creme Brulees, and the Oreo Beignets. In order of greatness to mediocrity: creme brulees were good. I say good and not great because the Vanilla Mint could have had more mint flavor, and most were a little undercooked (even for me, a pastry chef. And I hate overdone CBs, but if there is TOO much liquid center, it gets a little gross). The sorbets were standard, but good. There isn't really a whole lot you can do with sorbet. I was really disappointed about the beignets. They were overly greasy, and not really flavorful. They had a smoky aftertaste which hints that the oil used to fry them was old. Granted we dined at the end of the night, but that was a really shoddy job. Wine selection was great. I had a Vallani-Vixen, one of their "Frou-frou" drinks. It was incredible. All in all, good marks on food: flavor, temperature, consistency, 
The only bad: the service. Granted, as a pastry cook who has worked for 4 years in good restaurants, I understand the business. The restaurant anticipated about 40-50 people on a rainy Sunday night. That sounds pretty standard. The manager told me they got nearly 140. That's a HUGE gap, but then again, they could not have really anticipated that. So service was slow. Our waitress definitely needed to be more present, but she definitely kept our wine glasses full, or drinks served as needed, and water poured consistently. 
Overall, this is definitely a dining experience to have. I would recommend reservations in advance, try a smaller group, and maybe go earlier in the evening on a slow day (try 530 on a Monday or Tuesday) to have the best experience possible (but that advice goes for all restaurants, really)I've been here several times and always leave happy and a little drunk. The cocktails are delicious, the sangria is great and the food is pretty good also. Happy hour is an excellent deal. I could eat chicken empanadas and brussel sprouts 3 meals a week. 
The waitstaff is also super friendly and helpful (and cute!). I would have never ordered pancakes but my server recommended them and they are the best I've ever had. 
There's a fun social atmosphere at the bar.  Highly recommend.Hmm mmm good. Good to the last drop. What other cheesy lines can I use to flirt with the chef here. The food is amazing. I had the paella and of course I had the red sangria to go with it. In September I went to Alicante Spain and needless to say I ate paella every night and drank Spanish Sangria. So how can a place in Philly compare???
Please read above me flirting with the chef it compares people. Soooo good give it a try I promise you it won't disappoint. And don't you flirt with the chef too he's mine hands off.
Happy EatingYum! I came here for a small birthday celebration and was not disappointed. The service was good, and everything was very cheap. If you plan on ordering the paella, please be aware that the serving sizes are HUGE! I split the paella for "one" and honestly, it was big enough for three people. I tried the skinny ginny cocktail which was light and delicious as well as the sangria.If you like good Belgium beer and great Entree's this is the place to go in Philly. We ate at this restaurant a few weeks ago and had yet another wonderful experience. We started out with the baked brie which was absolutely wonderful and then for an entree we both ordered the walnut crusted duck breast. The chef recommends this dish to be prepared medium rare. The duck breast was very flavorful and was very juicy. This has got to be one of our favorite dishes in the city. The staff is friendly and usually on top of their game.This place is absolutely amazing. It was my first time there and I was not disappointed. The brunch was excellent and the portions were huge. We ordered the French Toast, Angus Burger, and a Burrito. The food was very tasty and everything was made perfectly. The service was great and we had not made a reservation. We will definitely be back.I'm normally not a fan of tapas but I liked Vallani. The crispy brussel sprouts, vegetable paella, and fried goat cheese were terrific. I would stay away from the medi-plate. It's an assortment of fried food with weak hummus. I had the yellowfish tuna for my entree. It was served in the traditional Asian medley style. Very good. A minor point worth mentioning was the lack of backs on their chairs. Not very comfortable to sit for 2 hours.Visited Valanni for restaurant week in January 2015 with a small group of people. First of all, the atmosphere is nice, but I would complain about the lack of back support on the chairs - sounds like a silly complaint, but believe me, it's not fun when you're 9 months pregnant.  Moving on, I was expecting the usual small plate portions. While the first course was a small plate (yet generous), the main course was abundant enough to fill me up completely - which was unexpected (pleasantly). I barely had room for dessert (which was amazing).  This was a 3 course meal and all 3 courses were amazing, absolutely no complaints. I think Valanni more than met our expectations. If I could give 4.5 stars, I would, but the chairs do deserve some sort of rating knock off from my end. Otherwise, a great dining experience! Highly recommended.I had brunch here recently on a really cold day, we couldn't wait to get inside after being told at Parc that there'd be a half hour wait. 
I had a delicious raspberry martini - nice and strong, I highly recommend it and I had a BLT. It looked like they were on a truffle kick when I dined there - lots of truffle aioli and dressings on the menu. The sandwich was good but messy and I definitely felt heavy afterwards. Portion size was good and I would return again. The decor here is pretty and swanky but will probably be unreasonable in the end, white banquettes and all.What you would expect from a restaurant that not only has great food  but the best staff and manager you are always  welcome with style and comfort and the food is alway on point my favorite place to just sit at the bar and hang like your part of the familyWe were here one night on a date, made a reservation ahead of time, and unfortunately got seated in a little corner where the little two-seater sofa tables met the bar. There was a large group of loud drunk men standing at our table (again, it was a tight space and we were right next to the bar), and we spent the entire night having men's asses (actual butt cheeks, not exaggerating) sitting, leaning, and knocking things down on our table. Like, actually touching our plates. That's how small the table was, and how close we were to the damn bar (Side note, neither of us drink, so this was extra annoying). We ordered a bunch of different dishes to share... Big mistake! Where the hell were we putting all this food? The food was actually very good but we barely paid attention to it as we were keeping our table from falling down, keeping our plates balancing on our small table, and trying to hear each other over eccentrically loud drunk men all night. Probably won't be back here.Crazy Manager overreacts to request to sit in the sun....maybe on drugs?? 
I showed up last Saturday morning at 11.15am to have brunch at Valanni. The restaurant was empty. I asked host if we could sit in the tables in the sun. He said he would speak to the manager. At the time I didn't think anything of it. After a few moments a woman with dark hair, blue eyes and a nose ring comes almost running out of the restaurant and says to me - ' what is the problem??,'. I say I didn't think there was a problem I just asked If we could sit at the tables in the sun. She says no those are only for 2 tops. I say oh well we wanted to sit in the sun and she responds again very angrily - ' well I guess you're not sitting there then.'
I was absolute stunned at how angry this woman was..the blond hostess outside with long blond hair ran away inside...I was caught so off guard that I just said we would just go elsewhere......it makes me upset that this crazy woman is representing Valanni. I have live in the neighbourhood and come here often.  What would prompt her to overreact this way? The restaurant was still empty...I didn't make a scene I just inquired about the possibility....I just want management to know that this woman is giving them a bad reputation and I will probably not go back in the future unless this woman is no longer there.
 A real shame.This review is solely based on happy hour. Dined here for happy hour during June - good outside seating available.  We sat inside and the decor and ambiance was pretty cool.  For happy hour, they do 1/2 price speciality cocktails - so we got Sangaritas which were delicious. I originally ordered a mojito which I would not recommend - the mint and lime weren't muddled and it tasted like rum on ice. 
The HH options for food were pretty good - 1/2 price selection of tapas. We got spicy 
chicken empanadas (pretty good), tuna tartar which was a little chunky, buffalo chicken croquettes which were not on happy hour but also pretty good, mini seafood paella $15 - it was good for the price, white mussels - I would definitely try the red next time because I was not overly impressed with the white sauce. 
Overall : would come back and try more plates. 
#munchiesbymagsI said it once and I'll say it again, Valanni is the best HH in the city of brotherly love.  Located in the outskirts of the Gayborhood on Spruce.  Valanni is a chic lounge, that is not just good for HH, but also for a date or special occasion.  It is trendy and fabulous.  I love the sophisticated aesthetic.  
I love the HH because the deliciouss $12-$15 cocktails are half price! Select tapas are also discounted.  I've only ever been to the happy hour so I can't speak to the full course meals, but I'm sure they are just as good as the apps and drinks.  
The service is also A+...our waiter last night knew what was up and I loved that.  I'll definitely be back and I will bring friends, family, etc. to share the love that Valanni gives.The white mussels were really delicious - it's a good starter to share or a good entree for one person. I wish they gave more bread with it thought because the broth is pretty salty. Also wish they had warned me about the spicy meat bits.
The rest of my party shared the seafood paella and three tapas - the fried goat cheese, the polenta, and the pork belly sliders. If you are planning to share the sliders, it only comes out with two! Also wish they had warned us about that...
The seafood paella portion is big! Two people could split the size meant for 1 and still be pretty satisfied. Pricing was pretty good - bill come out to about 24$ per person and we all left feeling full.
Next time, I definitely want to try their desserts! They all sound so yummy though...I wish they had a tasting menu so I can try everything !!Really love this place! great drinks, great music and love their Mediterranean sampler plate. I recently tried brunch there, our waiter John was great, helpful with the the menu and drink selections! Definitely doing brunch there again...in John's section of course!Ordered 2 drinks and 5 meze plates and it was sufficient for two! Paid about $75 excluding gratuity. Good service. Everything in the food, except for the beef kabobs, was really good! The beef kabobs were chewy. The lamb burger was the best - super tasty!Sunday brunch.
Eh.
Service was ok. Our waiter was friendly and polite, but he was not quite as available as we would have liked. We were a table of six. Simple brunch items from their standard menu. The quality from plate to plate varied widely. I had the Monte Cristo sandwich. The bread was soggy and cold on the bottom. My fries were undercooked, cold and limp. I'm guessing my meal was made way too early and sat under a heating lamp. My friend had the brioche grilled cheese Panini. It was burned on bottom. Completely uneatable. We didn't see the waiter for some time. We couldn't wait so she scraped off most of the burned part at ate what she could. When the waiter came back and saw, literally, a pile of black/burned crumbs on the plate and table he took it off the bill. We would have much preferred to have gotten what we ordered with some attention to quality. Her French fries were warm and crispy, by the way. Another friend got the BLT. Bacon should be crispy. This wasn't. We never saw a manager.First, by way of disclosure, let me say that I am a Valanni regular.  
It's hands down the most consistently strong kitchen in the city for the price and it's a fun place on top of that.  I have sent dozens of friends and business associates here and I have never heard anything but RAVES from them.
I recently took two very picky associates for dinner there after we had bad experiences at both Parc and Continental Mid-Town.  We were treated wonderfully, and had superbly done appetizers before dinner.  I had an excellent grilled yellowfin with basmati rice, my female companion had an outstanding seafood paella and my very demanding male companion had a maple glazed duck he declared 'the best ever.'
That's pretty typical.
The bar is a good time, but I have to confess that i preferred the smaller, more intimate feeling before the expansion.  The dizzying staff changes are also a bit discomfiting, but the service is always excellent.
If you're in the Gayborhood, stop in and tell them Chris sent you, you can't do much better!Fabulous place, walking distance from area theaters and the PATCO.  We checked in online and tried both the red and white sangria for free, and both were great!  It was really hard to make a decision because everything on the menu sounded great.  We finally chose the lobster & crab mac & cheese and the spicy pulled chicken empanadas.  Definitely the better of the two was the mac & cheese...it was a really big portion for tapas, and there were a lot of big pieces of seafood in the dish - it wasn't crumbled up or small like in other seafood mac & cheeses I've had.  The empanadas were tasty but a little on the dry side...the spicy aioli definitely made it better.  
For round two, we had the brussels sprouts and pork belly slider cubans.  The brussels sprouts were TO DIE FOR!  Crispy, salty, and perfect with the green apple and balsamic.  I have been dreaming about them ever since.  The pork belly sliders were the only thing I didn't try (I don't eat pork), but my boyfriend really enjoyed them.  His only complaint was that they were a little hard to eat as a slider because they were so tall!  
We would definitely return if we were in the area.The food is awesome, although the portions are small. Sunday brunch is amazing, especially the bloody Valanni, its the best!  Definately worth the trip.There were so many items on the menu that I wanted to try. But they recommended maybe 2-3 small plates per person. Of course I went with 3.   The service was very friendly, and they even changed our chairs out for us to ones with backs (2 of us were given ottoman's to sit on). My caipirinha was just average, but I really enjoyed the crispy brussel sprouts and the crispy shitake polenta. Next time I want to try the figs in a blanket, butter poached lobster and octopus salad, and if I have room maybe the yellowfin tuna main. I have a problem. I wouldnt call Valanni a destination spot, but if you are in the area it is worth a stop.This was my first tapas restaurant/lounge. I was not disappointed. My bf and I loved this place! We went on a Friday night around 10pm. We got a little lost getting there so we were about 20 mins late for our reservation and surprisingly that was no problem at all. The hostess walked us right on in. We were seated right next to the window in one of the white booths (which I loved) that gave us a great view of the rest of the lounge. Our waiter Scott was very helpful in helping us order out meal and our drinks. We enjoyed EVERY suggestion he gave us. Once the night got really going one of the waiters opened the big windows we were sitting by and let the fresh air in and the banging music the DJ was playing out on to the street. I would def come back to this place. The ambiance was amazing, the service was perfect, the drinks were nice and strong, and the food was good too.  Will be going back here soon!Definitely one of my favorite go-to spots for drinks. Valanni has a great food and drink menu. When I go here at night, I usually sit at the bar - and the staff behind the bar is super nice and helpful with recommendations too!
I've had a few group brunches here too, and it's always a great place for that hair of the dog libation. Not to mention, the brunch food is great too! Service is always on point.
Valanni is definitely a place worth checking out! Great location, too.Stopped in for a quick, Blue Coat gin martini.  Perfect.
The bartender also let us sample a couple of other gins which were really nice.
We didn't eat (we were on our way to a show) but the food looked awesome.
We plan to return next time we're in town.First review on Yelp! Anyways, just got back from Valanni's for dinner with a friend. Let me just say one thing... LOBSTER MAC AND CHEESE! It's seriously to die for. Normally, I find lobster mac and cheese either too cheesy or not cheesy enough. Moreover, some places really skimp on their lobster. However, Valanni's mac&cheese had just enough cheesiness and a generous amount of lobster. I could seriously eat bowls of this. It's that delicious. 
We also had the tuna tartare, which was good, but you can't really go wrong with tuna tartare. I got the yellow fin tuna as an entree and it had just the perfect amount of seasoning and spices. My friend got the scallops and they were just so juicy! I also got a few glasses of the sangria. Super delish as well. Might as well call me the new spokesperson for Valanni! It was a great dinner. I also appreciated that our waiter wasn't too clingy and overbearing, nor was he standoffish. He gave just the perfect amount of attention and let us enjoy our meal. I will return soon!After my experience tonight, I will not be returning to Valanni, ever.  My friend and I ordered cheese and a drink each. The $8 cheese plate came out with two of the   tiniest slivers of cheese I have ever seen.  On a separate plate, there was about 10 slices of sub-par bread and a hair on the plate!  Ok, I know it happens and I brought it to the waiter's attention and he replaced the bread but still gross.  
If all of this wasn't annoying enough, we gave the waiter our credit cards to pay and it took him 22 minutes to bring our cards and receipts back!  I was/am so irritated by the service and the lack of cheese on my cheese plate.  Next time I will be going to Tria!Awesome! Hidden little tapas gem on South 13th in Philly. A friend recommended this spot after we had been bouncing around in the city thinking about food. Check in with YELP for a FREE Sangria...Whaaaaaattt!? Solid.
We ordered a lot of nice items, prices for food and drink were reasonable as well.
Highlights: Brussel Sprouts - so good, with the apples and balsamic glaze!
Calamari - Phenomenal, especially with the sauce and peppers on them!
Grilled Octopus was also out of this world.
Very very good - Caprese Flatbread and Crab Mac and Cheese (seafood in every bite).
Skip - the Fiery Potatoes. They were alright, but there are better options. 
I will definitely return for some food and drinks.I stopped in Vallani for happy hour the other day and let me tell you, it is quite a deal!  Anything on their drink menu that is $10 or less is $5 during happy hour.  So of course I took the opportunity to sample some cocktails and have a glass of champagne.  The cocktails were right on.  In fact, my basil gimlet was so tasty that it was gone before I knew what hit me.  There were also some half priced tapas available, so we tried some empanadas for $3.  They were quite good, particularly with the aoili that accompanied them.  
Check this place out for happy hour!Whoa whoa whoa, I didn't review you, Valanni? For shame.
Things that I like about you: drinks, variety atmosphere, friendly service.
Things that I didn't like: I didn't gain any super powers from eating here.
There's not much else that needs to be said. Your take on tapas is pretty damned delicious. Mediterranean and Latin flavors sounded great on paper - you didn't need to sell me on that one. But then, you did anyway.
My favorites of yours were the tuna tartare, the tirokafteri (I had to look it up, too, dear reader. Think "fancy feta cheese spread"), and the empanadas. But, really, everything was good enough that I didn't even really bother remembering what I had. I'm pretty sure you can hang the menu on the wall as a dart board, three throws for each member of your dinner party, and you'll end up with a kickass spread.
Whether they let you do that is another story. If they don't... hey Valanni: I got a fun food-roulette style idea you can use on indecisive diners.
I'll be back, with more people and less sobriety.This was my second time visiting Valanni.
The first time was brunch last year and I didn't like the service and the food was okay. After that day, I was indifferent about it and thought it was just that one day.
Fast forward to this past Saturday, I made dinner reservations at 8:15pm for a party of 3. My sisters and I arrived just a couple of minutes later  and saw that the hostesses (there were 2), though really nice, seemed overwhelmed by the Saturday crowd. So after we checked in, we told them that we were going to wait by the bar until our table was ready. It took about 20 minutes and a couple of 'checking in' with the hostesses to get seated. Now, I do not want to assume that they gave away our table, it seemed to be the case as to why we didn't have our table ready by the time of the reservation. 
The server at first was really nice and attentive took our orders and helped with the menu. We ordered our drinks (3 draft beers) but that took about 15-20 minutes. The bar seemed to be really busy since it was prime dinner time at this location. But we understood and my sisters and I were just looking through the menu. After we placed our order (mostly tapas and one Kobe beef burger), it took more than 30 minutes for our order to get in. The patrons at our next table was seated around the time we got our drinks and right away they had their food and drinks. It then took us to ask our server when our food was going to arrive, he said that 
the a well done kobe beef burger takes a long time. Now, this is where my sisters and I figured that something happened between the server and the kitchen. A burger does not take 30 minutes to cook and usually tapas style is a quick turn-around because as soon as your food is ready they bring it to your table. So, after we brought this up to the server, the food came out within 10 minutes. 
The Grilled Romaine Salad was not grilled, it was as if they took the Romaine from the refrigerator placed it on the plate and drenched it with the chipotle-caeser dressing. 
The Kobe burger had to be returned 2x's because it had toppings we asked not to be in and it was not well done (so much for it taking 30 minutes to cook). 
The Brussels sprout were too acidic drenched with it's balsamic vinaigrette. 
The Medi-plate was the best thing we ordered though the olives were also more acidic than usual. 
We brought these issues up with the manager who was really understanding about this and comped us a couple of things. Which we appreciated since we did not have a satisfactory dinner experience.
The decor and lighting is very nice and chic. The noise level was good.
This is just my experience as I am sure it is different for others.Great spot for happy hour! Some outdoor seating available but the indoor lounge tables are nice too. The happy hour drinks are decent but not very cheap. The food was just okay but again, happy hour prices made it more reasonable. I would go back, but only if in the area. Parking is meter for quarters only which is a pain.So the second we walked in, I knew the service would be iffy, BUT since my fellow yelpers already warned me, I was prepared.  We started with a cucmber martini for moi and a corona for the husband.  YUM!
When we started looking at the menu, God bless my non foodie husband...he didn't know hat anything was...(You mean they can grill salad?  Whats Boursin?...)
I had braised lamb belly with risotto and crispy brussell sprouts.  It was the best thing I have EVER eaten.  Jim had the Grilled Romaine....inspired me to make it last night!  I had the scallpos-AMAZING and Jim had the Kobe burger...delish!!!
It was loud as hell and the service was lacking but YUMMMMM-o!  I will be back!Perfect food and great ambience, a little crowded but good, great for a date as well as a hangout with friends, I loved it!Let's start by saying that we are from NYC ane we have had some really good Tapas food so i had high expectations when we went to Philly and decided to try this place for the dinner. We went as a group of 4 on a sat night. Not too packed for a sat night but I guess philly places as not as packed as nyc. So we started with the bunch of drinks and small plates. Drinks were really great and all the small plates were absolutely delicious. To name some, we got caprese flat bread, dips trio, saganaki, brussel sprouts, quesedillas for the veg plates. My huaband ordered a few of the non veg plates and as you know veg are so bad at naming the non veg dishes, i can only remember fig in the blanket and the lamp lollipops and he was raving about them. The attracton was the flaming dish which tasted essentially like grilled halumi just more tangy. I personally liked it better than halumi. For the dessert we ordered oreo beignet. They come as just 2 lil pcs but were totally tasty. They also give you a free glass of sangria if you order 2 tapas and check in on yelp. Try that. Only reason i deducted a star was coz the table we got was kinda cramped as all the other tables were reserved for the large parties and the waitress brought us the desssert menu before we orderred the second round of tapas assuming that we are done with the food. Otherwise a great place.I went here last night for a friend's birthday.  I of course read the Yelp reviews before going and had a few items in mind to try.  
Sangria.  The red sangria was awesome; fruity, tasty, loaded with fruit and potent.  The white sangria while not bad, didn't inspire me to order another one.  
I started off with the Bibb salad.  While the salad was good, it was disappointing that there was a total of two walnuts and about 4 crumbles of bleu cheese on the salad.
The empanadas and the fire potatoes were delicious.  The service was so-so as our waitress was polite and efficient, but after taking our orders she  bordered on being inattentive.
My one disappointment was that my favorite Spanish tapas were nowhere to be found.  No gambas al ajillo, no pinchitos and no bowl (or glass) of refreshing gazpacho.
I will be going back soon for happy hour...the red sangria was bangin!!!  I gotta have more!!!Went here after hearing some wonderful reviews for a little reunion gathering with some old friends. We were greeted by friendly waitresses and bartenders. Had to wait around for our whole group to arrive before we could be seated but that wasn't a problem. We were seated promptly after but in a very tight area where our large party could not fit comfortably. They offered us a larger area which we were very grateful for but took way longer than it should have needed to get us the area. We weren't even offered drinks or a small snack during our long wait. Everyone was starving by the time we were seated at the bigger table. Our new waiter was very attentive but since we no one in the party had been to Valanni before, we were not sure how much to order. He did not bother to give us recommendations on how much food would be too much and when we got the very large bill with an insane amount of food leftover, we felt a bit tricked. We really enjoyed the food but we wish we were given a bit of warning about portion sizes in large groups. Will come back since the food and drinks were great but going to be a lot more aware of how much to order.Okay, the 4 stars is ONLY for the food.
Valanni, seriously, your service sucks major donkey butt. Coming from a person who has worked at a seriously busy restaurant/bar, this is unacceptable.
My boyfriend and I came around 8pm on Saturday night, and the hostess says it's about a 15-20 minute wait. Okay, doable, so we go to the bar and try to grab a drink. Listen bartender, I see that you see me, so would you like me to start throwing fist fulls of money at your face so that you can finally serve me? Running around the bar and not doing anything for a good 10 minutes does not help me at all.
After 30 some minutes, my boyfriend goes up to the hostess and asks how much longer, and she goes "15-20 mins more." My boyfriend then states, well you have about 4-5 open tables right now.. and she replies "Well... those are reserved". OKAY. So being a ticked off patron, I go right ahead and make a reservation on Open Table for 9:30pm at Valanni. (Mind you, it's 9:20 right  now.) I go up to the hostess and I said "It's been over 30 mins. so I went ahead and made a reservation on Open Table for 9:30pm, we would like to be seated soon."
She's speechless. As she should be. Don't be rude to people who are waiting to be seated in your restaurant. You were the second choice, since Tria had a 65 minute wait. Please. 
Food was great, so was our server. Everyone else needs to think about a new career path, since hospitality is def. not their strong point.This places brunch is on FLEEEEEEK! 5 buck tapas menu and half off drinks? You know I'm tryna go there Sunday morning.Wow!  Where do I start with Valanni?  I've been here twice, but I'll talk about my most recent experience.  
It is rare-RARE when you enjoy ALL the food you and your table orders at a restaurant.  Here's the run down:
--Spicy Pulled Chicken Empanadas:  great!  tender meat inside and very flavorful.  Not too spicy which is great for me because I can't always handle all that heat.
--Fired Calamari:  D-Licious-maybe some of the best I've had....love that ill mayo dipping sauce that they put on it (and most of their other apps too) 
--Valanni Roll (house-cured salmon, caviar, cucumber, horseradish cream cheese)--Pop the whole thing in your mouth-you won't be disappointed
-Quesadillas--cheesy greatness 
-Marinated WARM Olives w/Fetta:  Who would have thought I liked warm olives-they were heavenly!
-Lobster Mac & Cheese-Awesome!
The drinks here are pretty tasty too and those Valanni bartenders have a heavy hand :-)  I also appreciate the garnishes on the cocktails.  A drink with a nice garnish really sets the tone of a place if you ask me.  
I think I would describe the decor as modern-chic with a classy yet fun vibe.  The private back room looks like an amazing place to host a party!
Really cool to come here during the week and chill and hear some hip-hop/top 40/ BUT MOSTLY HOUSE music. The crowd here is a bunch of fun too!  Not pretentious at all.  You can definitely meet new peeps here.  Just found my new go-to happy hour spot :-) !!
MY ONE COMPLAINT:  I missed the Yelp Elite Party since I did not have my Elite status yet :-(  I'm crying a river-seriously! .AMAZING. I was recommended by the waitress to order the burger.. it was the cheapest thing on the menu as well entree-wise so i didn't disagree with her haha. But i have to say... THIS WAS THE BEST BURGER I HAVE EVER EATEN IN MY LIFE. I will never be satisfied with a burger again unless it came from this place. I'm being totally serious! Incredible. I don't mind eating an expensive meal as long as the taste is worth it and i must say... THIS IS WORTH IT. The menu is a bit steep, the crab cakes are awesome but they're slightly bigger than the width of halfdollar coin (it's an appertizer). The caramel covered vanilla ice cream with oreo crumbles and a deep fried oreo is absolutely amazing! Definately give this place a try!Excellent first visit to Valanni! Decor is chic, simple and inviting. We were seated in a comfy booth for six and with the mirrored wall adjacent to the bar, I felt like I was in a much larger space than Valanni is. 
We decided to order two platters to sample from the tapas menu, one from the Vegetarian (mostly cold) and one from Medi Latin (mostly meat/hot.) 
My boyfriend ordered a tasty Gimlet made with basil and lime and my girlfriend and I offered a bottle of Prosecco. Others stuck to beer and whiskey. In what seemed like only minutes (probably 10) our first few plates came out, and then they didn't stop coming out for what felt like a straight hour. So much food! 
A majority of the veggie tapas incorporate feta cheese in some way (which I love) but with multiple dishes ordered it was a tad overkill (our bad.) The feta itself was amazing though, oftentimes warm with fresh char marks. The olives and peppers popped and the the trio of spreads weren't your average store-bought hummus. Each was savory, creamy and pretty exceptional. My absolute favorite was the warm brie...just order it! You will not be disappointed! We were already a little full when we realized we still had all of the Medi Latin tapas still to come, so we used restraint and placed some to the side. 
The rest came firing out one after another and while all were really delicious, I have to be honest, I had no idea what was what! (Our server quickly announced each as he found table space for the plates but with six people passing around...forget about it.)  Anyway, highlights of what I actually identified were the spicy chicken empanadas, the lamb merguez, tuna tartare, spicy potatoes and ham croquettes. I laugh because the very last plate came out solo and it was chick peas. I had a nibble to be polite but we were so full by that point, it didn't get much love. 
Bottom line, the food was really the star of the evening. What a refreshing change to some places where you pay for the ambiance. 
Things I've learned:
- Their tapas portions are above average than most. 
- Pick and choose tapas from the Veggie section instead of the sampler (unless you love feta as much as me.)
- Try the paella. If they do tapas exceptionally, I am sure the paella that everyone raves about is actually that good. (I will be back for it.)
- Good for groups, despite its size. Six is probably the max and just make a reservation ahead of time...the place gets crowded!
Valanni, you really are a surprising new favorite for me. I will be back!Went here for a birthday party with a big group and the staff was amazing. 
Not only were they extremely helpful with the ordering process, they were also very attentive the entire time. Also provided champagne, shots, and desserts, all complimentary since it was a birthday celebration. Kudos to this place for their service. 
The food was great as well. We ordered a good mix of vegetarian and meat and seafood tapas and enjoyed all of them. The empanadas were amazing along with the pork sliders and bake brie and  the paellas. Would definitely return to this place.Came here for our Valentine's Day date on Saturday. Despite my last unpleasant review, we decided to give it another try. We made a 7:30 reservation on opentable. We called to tell them we were running late which they said was fine. Well after driving around the city for an HOUR trying to find parking (God, that was annoying), they were still able to accommodate us happily. That was a great start. We got a table by the window which was nice and cozy. The food was all delicious. Our server Laura was great. One of the woman at the front (wish I caught her name), also went out of her way to provide us a friendly experience. We had a very enjoyable time. My ONLY gripe about Valanni is that, as foodies, we came to eat. And with tiny little tables, it makes it very hard to have more than 2-3 plates on the table. And while the loungey seating setup is super trendy high-end, I was sitting on the curve of the sofa all night and it was super awkward. I can't imagine they will renovate from a Yelp review, but maybe someone would be interested in the feedback. 
So happily, I can say Valanni redeemed our last experience and we will probably return again soon.First time here and definitely coming back. Brunch was amazing, but the service was fantastic--Glenn is my new favorite server, he went above and beyond to make sure my friends and I had a great experience, from getting me my favorite tea (which wasn't in the box of offerings, he took it upon himself to check in the back for it...other places usually would have been like "yeah, this is all we have", but not Glenn!) to asking the kitchen to make me chocolate chip and pecan pancakes per my request, and they did it:). Love this place!!!It never occurred to me to go for brunch but after running out of places to check out we went there are were pleasantly surprised.  We apparently just beat the brunch rush and the meals were delicious (although the waiter seemed to be unaware that english muffins were on the menu).
I would definitely brunch here againGreat place! I love coming here especially for happy hour. I'm a vegetarian but there are plenty of options although I still would love a great veggie burger. My favorite tapas are the chickpea frites, red mussels, crabcakes (are to die for) with a spicy mango sauce, veggie empanadas, tuna entree, and the scallop entree with crab! And even better drinks, red sangria with a heaping of fruit just the way I love it, amazing fun mojitos and a must try sangarita! If you need a chair with a back make sure to mention that when making a reservation as many of their seats in their back-room are backless but they are very accommodating with that issue. Great service and always a lot of fun :)
GET THE ARANCINI and butternut squash flatbreadI think this is the best happy hour in the city - great drinks and food! Brussels sprouts are amazing!Amazing little find thanks, yet again, to yelp! Bar is beutifully illuminated and finely crafted cocktails made by super friendly and knowledgable bar staff. Patron substitute cause that's how u roll? No problem! 
It was a beautiful summer Tuesday night so it was not crowded and we managed to get a table that was partially in and outside. The menu is extensive but not overwhelming. If u know tapas, the usuals are on there- mussels, figs stuffed with cheese, calamari, etc... But they have some amazing items with a twist. Take my caprese salad- instead of regular old basil, they bought it out with basil ice cream. Basil ice cream!!! The most amazing thing I've ever had in my life. All of the food was incredible. 
The wait staff were great! Very attentive and friendly. And the decor was chic, trendy and comfortable. This will definitely be a new go to spot. Highly recommended.Wow! Easily one of the best meals I've had in a while. And for the price you'll pay, it's a steal! Stop reading and make your reservation now.
If you don't follow instructions (like me) then you're still reading, so I'll keep it short. Our table of four ordered 3 tapas, 1 entree, 1 paella (for one), and 2 desserts. My absolute can't miss is the duck entree. It was presented beautifully and cooked to perfection. It made me genuinely "mmmmm"!! 
But everyone at our table really loved everything else we ordered- lobster mac & cheese with gigantic chunks of lobster (not kidding! See picture!) was pretty stellar as well. Paella is not my favorite dish but our seafood paella was pretty great. Oreo beignet is a must try. Really- the other desserts are tempting but go for the beignet! 
Service was impeccable. Our waitress Rachelle staged all of our orders into courses. It was a nice touch coming from a tapas restaurant, where it's easy to feel overwhelmed with all the things coming and going from the table. The service really made the meal. 
I liked the atmosphere of the restaurant. It was just young and trendy enough. They still maintained a classic feel with the wood-top tables and clearing of plates at each course. 
Bonus! Free sangria when you check in on yelp! 
Total cost before tip was $167 and that's with two rounds of drinks (before yelp discount) for FOUR people. Sometimes you pay that much for two people and still don't have the experience I did. 
If I lived in Philadelphia, this would be my go-to for all special occasions, birthdays, etc. The hardest part is choosing what to order because this chef and their staff simply don't miss on execution! 
NOW go and make your reservation!!!Saturday Nite out with good friends. Walked in to a reserved table next to the bar. A bit noisy which
Made it difficult to have conversation with all 8 friends. Our waiter was attentive to our needs. Starting with sangria.... a bit watered down ... ended up ordering two more pitchers.,,, more ice than sangria and expensive! We decided to order and share our food. Some good and some okay! It was a good night..,. But won't be returningNice place.. Tapas style is like the way to go i think. Nice atmosphere. Kind of priceyValanni is a deliciously fun spot to grab cocktails and nosh on some tasty dishes. 
Bites: Brussels sprouts and the Tuna Tartare . Both I loved, well executed dishes. I need to come back to try, oh, about everything else. Tapas is my favorite style of restaurant. I don't eat a lot, but at these types of places I can try four different dishes without needing to be rolled out.
Cocktails: X-Boyfriend, Boys Gone Wild, Cucumber Martini..they are all yummy.
I will admit..the bar top has a small 'step' down, so say it's not lit very well in here and you push your glass towards the bartender..the glass will fall off this little ledge, since it's all black, but you will be forgiven. Apparently it's happened to others before too :) Side note, it gets LOUD in here.. so be prepared to smile and nod.First of all I agree with all of the comments that say the service here is horrible! The only reason I gave this joint two stars is the fact that it has eye catching design, it's hip and trendy, the dj is great, and they have a killer drink called 'The Loaded Gun' which is perfect considering the alcohol level of this drink! Okay now time for the review: Upon entering I was seated all the way to the back where NO ONE was out of view of all the great vibe going on*BUMMER* When we finally sat we were served water in dirty glasses like REALLY dirty!!!! SH!T was just a floating in my glass, I quickly asked for bottled. The waiter never even asked if we wanted bottled or tap(I personally hate that). First dish I ordered was the FRIED CALAMARI  Which was okay u really can't go wrong...next was the crab cake that had way to many coarse cut veggies in it!! I was ready to lose it when I had that horrible fishy tasting lobster crab Mac&Cheese I mean come on for $15 bucks you'd think it be some good mine was loaded with shell peices from the cracked claw and cartilidge at the bottom. i sent the Kabob back when I saw two pieces of meat on a toothpick for eight bucks...I mean somethings are just uncalled for!! I must say i did enjoy the mussels in red sauce...that is all!
The wait staff enjoy talking at the bar more than the customer that was evident...They obviously have sub-par training or just no consideration. Valanni"s is in dire need of a trendy chef and a menu revamp, not to mention all new wait staff. For those that love the food here i would seriously consider a palate check b/c the stuff sucks I've had better at Chilli's....and waaaaaaay better Lobster Mac&Cheese at Capital Grill.So in short I'd say skip the food GO else where...Do have drinks here, which by the way are awsome, get tore, and enjoy the D.J.Excellent spot. We had a large-ish group of 6 and some of us (me) were late but the restaurant never gave us a hassle or rushed us.
My fiancee and I started off with the baked brie which, while tasty, was a bit underwhelming as far as baked brie goes. Luckily that was the only aspect of dinner that was 'underwhelming.'
We next split the meat and seafood paella FOR ONE. I emphasize the 'for one' because the plate was huge. Luckily I asked the server how large the paella for two was and he responded - "It can feed 4 people." I can put some food down (I currently tip the scales over 200lbs) but between my fiancee and I there was still food leftover. Not that I wanted to leave anything, it was delicious.
The drinks were good/strong, the service was swift and attentive. 
All in all, a great spot.Valanni was our choice for a bachelorette brunch aka morning after the bachelorette party. The staff was super helpful in planning the event since we knew we would have a group bigger than 10. Jenny helped by giving us menus that charged a set price per person, however advised to just have everyone pick one thing off the menu since the two or three course options are too much food. So thankful for her advice because she was sooooo right. 
We made our reservation for 1pm and were seated early in the back of the restaurant. Our waiter was attentive and gave suggestions/answered questions about the menu. The banana pancakes and the cannoli French toast were delicious but super sweet. The lobster eggs Benedict was good and not too fishy. The omelettes were huge and took up half the plate! We ordered two pitchers of mimosas and one pitcher of Bloody Mary ($25/pitcher). 
Overall, great brunch place. Reasonably priced for the amount of food. Shocked that most of the restaurant was empty while we were there. Would definitely recommend you try this place!I can literally come to this place anytime of the day and be completely satisfied. Because of it's Kobe Beef Burger and "XBoyfriend" martinis, Valanni has become my go to place for happy hour and dinner.Great food and amazing cocktails.  Service tends to be pretty consistently slow.When my gf desperately had to go to the bathroom after our night's first happy hour (girls can't pee in bushes as inconspicuously as guys), Valanni was the first place we saw. And whaddya know?! We made it in time for their happy hour too!
After perusing the menu which includes half off a full page of drinks and tapas, I noticed we were minutes away from 7pm - the end of Valanni's happy hour, dun dun DUN! I'm not ashamed of my thriftiness, so I asked Mr. Bartender, "Excuse me, am I allowed to order 2 drinks at a time?! It's almost 7pm!" He explained, "Sorry, no. Otherwise guys would be able to come in here and order 4 drinks at once and drink for hours on $20." Hmm.. your logic makes sense but wasn't the answer I was looking for. He continues, "But.. if you throw the first drink back you could definitely get another one stat." Aha! Now you're thinking!
So in 10 minutes I was able to have two well mixed $5 cocktails and a $5 plate of emapanadas. We exited Valanni to continue on to dinner already "happy" and it was still light outside. Yesssssss.came here for an early family sunday dinner before a show. it happened to be restaurant week and (bonus) they had quite a bit of their normal menu. cocktails were good. the veggie empanadas, croquettes and brussel sprouts were delish! my baked brie good, but just a general good baked brie- nothing outstanding. scallops were fine (again nothing great), but decent. the mashed potatoes they came with were a bit bland. my fried oreo with ice cream dessert was definitely my fave of the night- sooo good. the service was good too.I have been to Valanni 4 or 5 times now for dinner and/or drinks over the past few years and enjoyed myself every time. That is why I was so disappointed last night when my friends and I stopped by, so I could get the dirty and stuffed vodka martini I craved from there. We were seated outside and no one came to greet us for about 10 to 15 minutes.  Finally, the waiter took our order---my drink and a wine for each for my friends, so not complicated---and NEVER RETURNED.  We sat there for 20 minutes before my friend,  who was in a rush, said something to the bus boy.   Still, no waiter and no drinks.  We ended up leaving disgruntled and disappointed.  It was a Monday night and the place was empty inside and out, so that is when things like this should not happen.  
Forgive any typos. I wrote this on my phone.Went out to dinner with my sister in law during restaurant week. We were stuck in traffic and a good 15 min late for our reservation, they were very nice about it and sat us right away despite our lateness. We were attended by a very nice and accommodating waiter. He got us our drinks and explained the menu well. We ordered apps first, I got the braised beef short rib flatbread and my SIL got the calamari. Both were delicious. Well seasoned, nice and hot, and a perfect amount. Then the entrees. She got the filet which was perfectly cooked to medium and accompanied by delish grilled veg. I got the scallops which again, perfectly cooked, with mashed potatoes  and topped with crab and asparagus. My only little complaint was that the pan the scallops had been cooked in clearly had some burned butter because the scallops were flavored with it. But that was a tiny setback for valanni.  For dessert i got the pot de creme which was coffee mousse with whipped cream and was perfect. She got the banana dessert and it was also very good. We had a wonderful time and were very well attended too. Can't wait to go back soonGreat neighborhood spot. Decent late night menu and endless selection of drinks.I and two friends went to valanni for dinner tuesday night, and it has been a few months since I have been there. I was surprised to see the new renovations and thought it look fantastic.
      The whole evening of service was nothing less than outstanding . We went all out, drinks, appetizer, entree, dessert to coffee. Every course was spectacular.
                                                       I recommend this place for a evening out!
                                                                                     Michael  PURE DesignWhen we walked in and saw the bar that looked like it belonged in a strip club, I was a bit hesitant...but I was def. wrong, this place had me raving to friends for days!
*Full disclosure, we came here for a late dinner after a day of drinking so I will have to revisit to verify my love.*  
They had a prefix menu option that included 2 tapas and 1 drink for $25 a person, so we went with that.  First we ordered some calamari to munch on, it was seasoned perfectly and had just enough crunch.  For our main tapas we ordered the famous empanadas, beef skewers, brussel sprouts, and caprese flatbread.  My boyfriend was unimpressed with the beef skewers, although mine seemed to have more meat and was delicious.  The remaining dishes blew my mind.  The empanadas were crispy with just a touch of heat that wasn't distracting, the brussel sprouts were sweet and salty at the same time and completely unique. My personal favorite was the caprese flatbread (I rarely pass up caprese) which had a delicious and light basil pesto with a drizzle of sweet aged balsamic.  The portions were generous for tapas, but the food was so yummy, it left me wanting more! 
I will definitely be back, hopefully to try out some paella!High end delicious food. Best ingredients. Very good desserts. Cute place to go any night of the week. The Parmesan Truffle fries are a must have, Medi-Latin plate is my fav! Everything on the plate is so good.Food: Chef's Choice (Chicken Sambuca, NY Strip Steak, Paella, Bacon Wrapped Scallop
Beverage: Sangria (red)
-------------------------
Went here for dinner on a Saturday night. The ambience was upbeat and trendy. The service was attentive and polite. The food was a tad pricy, but that's expected for a tapas place. The Chicken Sambuca was a favorite. The NY Strip Steak and Bacon Wrapped Scallop held a combination of delicious flavors. The Paella, however, was disappointing. It was very over spiced, to the point where my guest's stomach began to hurt. There was also a piece of plastic wrap in the steak dish. All things considered, I rate it a 4 instead of a 5 for these two issues, but the menu items are enticing and cater to foodie appetites. Would recommend trying and I should be back.Happy hours are kind of like restaurant week. If a place is only giving you a select few items at a special price, I'm skeptical that they're the good stuff. Well no worries at Valanni! For happy hour you're welcome to pick from anything on their drinks menu that's $10 & under, which is most of it, and they present a good sized menu of half priced tapas to boot. We loved the baked brie, the pulled chicken empanadas, and the crispy chickpeas were so light and yummy!
We started with the sangria, which was very tasty and choc full o' fruit. Then I got the 'x-boyfriend' which was really good, not too sweet. But then I tasted my friend's 'boys gone wild' and Wednesday evening be damned I just had to get my own! Our waitress was also great, had good timing and didn't hover but was easy to flag down, and helped us squeak in a final order right at 7pm to get our final fill of happy hour.
I def have to get back here for dinner one of these days...I will have to update this review once I try the food, but I am loving Valanni's loungey and trendy yet unpretentious vibe and their delicious cocktails (especially during happy hour when they're $5!). The Brazilian Pop is particularly fun. The bartenders are also very nice.Absolutely amazing. The service is great, atmosphere is relaxing and beautiful! And nothing but delicious food of course!Amazing food but unexpected ambiance, and thus the only reason why this review isn't 5 stars. I came on a Friday night, and we were seated next to a table which was 'that table' over in the corner (ie. rowdy, one too many drinks, etc.) And then at 10, the music turned up and the bar seemed to be poppin', haha. To be quite honest, I was a bit surprised because I thought Valanni was a quieter/more intimate establishment.
Anyway, I'll get straight to the food because I was blown away. We started off with the red mussels, baked brie, and spicy pulled chicken empanadas. The mussels were tender, and well complimented by the thick, tomato-based sauce. I really liked the baked brie, which came with as much buttered toast (seasoned with salt and freshly cracked pepper) as you needed. For the cheese, there were actual slices of melted brie with small diced grapes and cranberries mixed in. Wonderful! The chicken empanadas were spicy and actually quite heavy. The aioli helped cool down the food, but I think I would opt for a different appetizer if I had known that I was ordering 2-3 heavy appetizers.
For dinner, we split the meat and seafood paella (TO DIE FOR) -- my friend said it brought back memories of living in Spain, so, I'll take that as a 5/5 dish. I had the pan seared chicken breast (a bit on the drier side) that came with couscous, fancy-sounding green beans (known as 'hericot verts'), and a white wine sauce that was actually a bit on the sour side. It was an interesting mix of flavors in my mouth, but I probably order something else.
We ended dinner with dessert because there are so many glowing reviews about the oreo dessert, which is basically a fried oreo. Womp. I tried the bread pudding, which was really, really sweet. If you want to avoid diabetes, I would not order a dessert at Valanni and save the money for perhaps another cocktail (X-boyfriend super sweet and good) or drink (our waiter was knowledgeable about the wine pairing with my friend's paella).If you "check in" you get a free sangria!!
I went here with my boyfriend for a date night.  It was pretty empty for a Sat night which I thought was odd considering it had pretty good reviews on yelp.  We got the lamb sausage, grilled romaine salad, empanadas, oreo dessert, and coffee.  I wasn't super impressed with the emapandas.  Maybe b/c the reviews made them sound outstanding but I thought they were just alright.  The romaine salad was delicious.  Great dressing and crispy bacon!  The lamb sausage was also very tasty.  The oreo dessert was good as well.  I had no problem with the quality of food.  Just portion sizes.A little overpriced for what you get.  I prob won't be going here again for food b/c there are so many other places to check out in the city and this place didn't really make a huge impression on me.  I would come back for some cocktails.  Valanni has a good atmosphere for drinking before going out...the reason for 4 stars and not 5 is that the waitress was subpar - acted annoyed with us.
the food was awesome - way better than expected. (recommend the brussel sprouts...seriously.)
great atmosphere, too.Last night my fiance and I had dinner for his birthday here. When we arrived the hostesses tried to seat us in a crowded little table near the door. We asked to be seated further away since it was chilly. She sat us in the back by ourselves. 
The decor was nice. Very modern and chic. Our server Jason however was very monotone and stiff. He didn't seem as though he wanted to be there. Speaking to him,  he was very nice but his demeanor seemed bored. 
We ordered a few tapas because we wanted to try a bunch of dishes. We have heard good things about this place so we were excited to try it. Best way was to try a few of their popular dishes. 
Once we ordered our food, we realized that there were more seats on the other side and the decor was nicer. Since it was for my fiance's birthday we wanted to be in the nicer side. We asked our server if it was possible to move since it was very quiet. Our server said to go over and choose a table. 
When we walked over, we noticed a cozy booth that we wanted to sit in. However we were told those booths were reserved for four tops only. We settled for a very tight table since our server was nice enough to allow us to move. 
While we were seated we noticed that all the booths that we requested and were told were reserved for 4 tops,  GOT SEATED WITH 2 TOPS! We were very upset especially since they knew it was for a birthday. 
The food itself was decent but nothing special. Their signature dishes were just ok. I love brussel sprouts especially crispy. They appeared crispy but instead weren't. It was ok. I just prefer my brussel sprouts savory instead of sweet. We also had the grilled octopus, crispy shiitaki polenta, lobster and crab mac n cheese, fried calamari, and spicy pulled chicken empanadas. The best thing i would say was the oreo biegnet. That was amazing! The whole time our server barely checked on us. 
The place seemed overrated for my taste which is a shame since the dishes sounded good, prices were decent and the decor was very nice.My husband and I came here for our anniversary dinner the atmosphere is beautiful but the food is not what we expected. I ordered the salmon. It was smothered in a rich creamy sauce. Yes it was very tasty but the salmon itself  was definitely overcook.  This place is also over priced.... we ordered dinner without an appetizer and three cups of champagne. Our bill was easily over $100. We will not return to this place. If we are going to pay over $100 for a meal I expect for it to be worth it.Who says a guys night out can't involve a classy dinner lo-cal? VP, BP, and I decided some on and off weekend rain wasn't going to get in the way of a good dinner.  Valanni was our landing spot.
Starting with drinks, I highly recommend the LOADED GUN.  I made a good sell as BP followed suit. I mean muddled Brandy Soaked Cherries, seriously?!  We also used of their check-in offer (free red sangria w/2 tapas).  While no loaded gun, the sangria was enjoyable as well.
Rather than each picking an entree and being jealous of others once they arrived, we split several Tapas and a SEAFOOD PAELLA.  We had the BUFFALO CHICKEN CROQUETTES, PORK BELLY SLIDER CUBANS, GRILLED MERGUEZ, SPICY PULLED CHICKEN EMPANADAS, and LAMB LOLLIPOPS.  
If you've seen any of my other reviews, you'll note I have trouble picking a favorite.  Valanni's offerings fared no different.  The lollipops came closest to a favorite - and I hate to admit it as VP picked them out, followed by the Merguez.  Both took full advantage of the lamb, making it front and center.  The empanadas and croquettes were surprisingly tasty and also a bit filling.  While the sliders were a bit of a let down, it may have more to do with high expectations (and some tapas competition).  You get two, which also made them different for our group of three to share.
The Paella is worth speaking about separately.  Food service was prompt at Valanni, but we were given a bit of a breather between tapas and paella.  Once it arrived, it was clear that time was put to good use in its preparation.  Scallops, Clams, Mussels, Calamari, Shrimp, and Lobster in portions the 3 of us had no problems splitting and a flavor that had me finishing every bit of rice on my plate (note: I am not a big rice fan).
Overall, Valanni killed it and I recommend you go there for dinner.  Like this week!Went there for an early dinner this past Sunday. My first time here.  I like the place...like that it has a bar that you can sit at when waiting for your table.  Staff were excellent - professional and friendly.  Waiter was great..food was all very good, had the tilapia and tried the lobster mac & cheese, brussel sprouts and several different appetizers. Dinner was served very quickly.  I would definitely come here again...bartender was very nice and she had good suggestions for drinks.  Parking was easy as there were lots very close by. Place was clean and modern and not too loud.My cousin is a huge fan of Valanni's brunch so when we all came here for our other cousin's birthday brunch we were all excited to check out what he had been raving about.  Hmmm.  Perhaps my cuzzo gets a little too boozy  when he comes here to eat and loses his good senses. The overall experience was good but not great. 
It was a busy Sunday, however I assume that since they are known for their brunch, it's probably always a  bit hectic.  Our waiter clearly hasn't adjusted to this notion and seemed really aloof and disoriented.
The food was just o.k. and as a fan of boozy brunch, I usually concentrate on the Vitamin Champagne than I do on the food so I was more than satisfied with the meal.  A few of us had the omelette with brie which was tasty, but had a few more chunks of brie than I could normally handle.  Both people that got the pancakes were disappointed.  I wanted to take those hard suckers and toss 'em like a frisbee.  The toast though.  Seriously, I didn't know toast could be so tasty.  I would have been fine eating that alone with a mimosa.  And speaking of that brilliant Sunday Funday drink, they have a good deal where you buy a bottle of Prosecco and build your own mimosa.  Depending on how many people you have in your party, this can turn outto be a really great deal.This place isn't terrible, but it isn't great either. It's just Varga's trendy sister filled with over priced food/beverages, frat boys and snotty servers. I went there with coworkers after work recently and our experience was not the best. Our server was so rude to us. She just had the worst attitude and treated us with no respect. We all frequent Varga all the time and now I know why we choose Varga over Valanni. The food was supre expensive and was not as good as Varga's and the price alone for alcohol will make you go broke. We were just treated like we were not good enough to be there and honestly none of us have been back since. Maybe we will go back some time, but recently we have been going to Royal Tavern insteadThis restaurant was great!  We enjoyed trying many of the tapas.  The best was the broccoli - wish I had the recipe.  The humors, kabobs, lamb shoulder were outstanding as well.I was just here tonight for the first time and I really liked it! I'll def. be back for a full dinner.  Tonight I was there for a happy hour holiday party! I had drinks and apps. The chicken empanadas were so good! They were fried and full of cheese and chicken with a creamy dipping sauce. Yummy! 
The white sangria was sooo good! Order that when you go. I noticed there is a special on foursquare for checking in three times you get a free glass of sangria! Cheers!3rd Review, still at 3 stars -- this one is for Restaurant Week
I was drawn to Valanni's RW menu because they had a lot of options -- and a lot of pescetarian/ vegetarian options which is appreciated. 
Started off with the Crispy Shiitake Polenta which was the best part of the meal. The polenta was done very well, nice shitake flavor and the feta, pesto and tomato all married very well together.
For the entrée I opted for the broiled tilapia, which also did not come with the lump crab meat as the menu was advertised online. The tilapia didn't look very fresh, kind of that gray tint that tilapia gets sometimes when it's not terribly fresh. The fish overall was OK but not great. 
Lastly, the hazelnut trifle was what I finished off with for dessert. The actual mousse itself was pretty good, but I have to gripe about the whipped cream. I really don't think a restaurant should use red-whip for whipped cream. It takes all of 15-60 seconds to whip of fresh whipped cream and makes all the difference. I find serving store bought whipped cream a little unprofessional and lazy, and definitely kills the classiness of the dish -- but that's just me. 
After all these visits, I think I'm finally done and ready to say, this is a 3 star at most -- decent food but not spectacular -- and many better choices in the city. I will probably spend my money elsewhere.I really like this place. It's nothing too crazy and I've never seen it packed but it's the perfect place to grab a nice drink over conversation. The place is pretty nice and the staff are friendly. The tapas are also pretty tasty.
Oh, this is also a good spot for happy hour.
Oooooh, there are often pretty people here.Spicy pulled chicken empanadas and the Kobe beef burger were delicious. The onion and poppy seed bun on the burger was a great touch. Overall, a good experience.Everything was delicious!  We had the Figs wrapped in Bacon to start.  And the Sea Scallops and Filet entrees - all was perfect!...nicely attentive service...GREAT small plates (bacon wrapped scallops, beef kabobs, grilled romaine, tenderloins, and capped with Oreo beignet!) perfect post- show, or anything else, flow...will return when in town!I enjoyed the food. It was prepared well and my Bloody Mary was tasty. 
The service on the other hand was infuriating. I will not eat here again because of that alone.
The bartender blatantly ignored me and my fiancée at times, and other friends said they were also ignored. In addition, the manager came to our table to tell us that we can't use more than 3 credit cards, and informed us (a table of 14) like we were children. Very rude and disrespectful.
Food of this quality and better can be found all over the city (especially in this neighborhood) for the same price with much better service.
Trust me, go somewhere else.Must try lobster Mac and cheese and paella! This menu is tapa style - great for sharing and trying multiple items with friends.Honestly, my latest trip here doesn't even deserve two stars, but my experience from the first time I visited Valanni makes up two of the stars I've given. 
I first visited Valanni as part of restaurant week. We made reservations and even though it was packed, we were seated right away. Our waitress was sweet and attentive and the food was great. It was a good enough experience that we were saving going back for a special occasion. 
That special occasion was tonight. I've just been promoted at work, I've got a nice amount of money to blow and I'm thinking I'm going to treat my two best friends to a real nice meal. We walk in and there's almost no guests, not a big deal, it's a Monday. But there's also no one to greet us, so we stand around for a few minutes until a gentleman I assume is the manager comes up and asks, "can I help you?" What a weird way to greet people entering your restaurant, but okay, I tell him we'd like to eat and were immediately shuffled off to the far back corner behind a wall and he asks someone to dim the lights in our section. It's almost as if he wanted everyone to ignore us all night which is exactly what happened. 
The manager disappeared promising the waiter will be with us shortly. It's five minutes before he fills out waters and asks us our drink order. I had noticed a happy hour sign out front so I ask about it, but our waiter cut me off before I finished my question with a, "bar only." Okayyy, it didn't say that anywhere, and we weren't asked if we'd like to move to the bar, but whatever, we were here to celebrate so I order my drink and pay twice what someone three feet away from me payed for the same drink. No big. But neither of my friends ordered alcohol, one opted for a soda and the other just water. At this point our waiter became snippy with us, as though he had already made up his mind about us as guests based on our drink choices. It takes ten minutes for our drinks to arrive, and I know they've been sitting for a while because all of the ice in mine is nearly melted and I watched the bartender make it and set it aside while our waiter was chatting up the manager in the front. 
But again, we're here to have a good time, so we order. We get one tapas plate, three large plates, and a side of truffle fries. These aren't cheap items either, we're going all out, I'm making mental notes for my second drink and a dessert as the waiter disappears. This is the last we will see of him for over an hour. A very nice busser brings out our food, and it is delicious. The side order of truffle fries I got was huge. So big that I never touched my salmon plate, I pushed it away from me and was only eating the fries. This is something a normal server would remark on, "oh is something wrong with that?" But again, our server is awol, so no one bothered to ask if we liked our food, much less if anything was wrong with it. Our water glasses sat empty the entire time we ate, only getting refilled when our food was boxed (by the super nice busser who was the only person to ask if our meals were okay.) My friends soda was never refilled, and at $3.50 for a six ounce glass, that's ridiculous. I wasn't asked if I wanted another drink either. Once the food was boxed and bagged our server finally came back over to ask if we wanted dessert, but honestly we didn't want to sit there for another hour waiting, so we asked for the checks which took ten minutes to get, thirty seconds for us to pull our cards out and another five for him to pick up and return. 
It's really too bad that we received such awful service because like I said, the food here is amazing. The drinks are always mediocre and not worth the price, but I'm a sucker for treating yourself, so I always get at least one. We came out to spend money and have a good time, but we were treated like they didn't want our business, and so they won't have it.Bottom line:  Aesthetically pleasing, good service, potential for very good food.  
(I need to go back for a re-do because I would have ordered differently.)  Met two friends for an early dinner.  We were planning on going to a BYO and had a lot of wine with us, so paid the $15 corkage fee to enjoy our personal selection with dinner. 
Restaurant has a nice open layout considering the small space, and a nice bar. The great lighting creates a nice atmosphere for cocktails or dinner  (lounge-y and intimate, but you can still see your food).  Not sure how well is would accommodate larger groups.
The menu has apps, medis (tapas), flatbreads, salads, and main plates.  It also appeared that they have a wonderful cheese selection, but the ladies were not interested (not sure how we are still friends).  
Family style for 3: 
The beef kabob (well seasoned, medium rare), serrano ham croquet, and calamari were great in the Medi-Latin plate.  Olives and spanakopita were unremarkable.  I would love to try the beef kabob with chocolate-peanut mole.  
We ended up with the short rib flatbread. I thought it could have used a few more minutes in the oven, and something about the fatty shortrib didn't  jive with the horseradish cream sauce.  
The server got into describing the grilled romaine salad, which sounded phenomenal (polenta, manchego, roasted red peppers and a caesar dressing with a touch of chipotle), but we somehow ended up ordering arugula and roasted beets (blah, but the server tried to steer us in the right direction and we deviated!!).  Kobe burger was huge and tasty - oh, the boursin and those perfect red onions!
Other people's food (so nosey):  The table in the corner next to us ordered the crispy brussel sprouts served with aged balsamic. They looked great!  And the couple on the other side raved about their Paella for 2 - huge portion!!
$80, including corkage, to stuff these three little piggies.Two of us came by for dinner and just wanted some light food, so we opted for 3 small plates total rather than 3 small plates per person as our server recommended.  We ordered the Tuna Tartare (very fresh), the Baked Brie (decadently indulgent cheese cut by cranberries, hazelnuts, and pears), and the Antipasti (great assortment of tasty marinated and grilled veggies).  Happy hour has a number of delicious items too as
long as you're willing to sit at the bar or outside...check it out!This place is always on point! I especially love their brunch. It has become my go to spot on Saturday mornings. The food comes out hot and quick. Would definitely recommend the waffle with the pork, the eggs Benedict and poached eggs. Plus their bloodys are super nice. Staff is always super friendly and available. They have a little outside seating which is nice for the summer. I have even gone here late night and gotten an order of muscles with chorizo and roasted corn. Definitely another go to spot for me.Love this place!!! Cocktails and food are always great and the service staff is always friendly. Plus they host industry night on Thursdays, offering deals on drinks and free hors d'oeuvres.I loved it. Perfect place to get dinner and drinks or just dinner or just drinks! We each got 2 tapas and shared and the amount of food was more than enough. Best dishes of our night: 
- sweet potato salad 
- pork pot roast 
- pork belly sliders (very fatty but deelish)
Recommend for dinner and brunch! Love this place!I had the lobster mac & cheese at Valanni's a few years ago & it was the best thing I ever ate.  It was creamy, cheesy, and had giant chunks of lobster in it.  I had it again tonight & it was horrible.  Gone was the cheese.  And someone thought it would be a good idea to add crab.  It ends up tasting like a tuna noodle casserole with some lobster tossed in.  The lobster is still fresh, so I gave 2 stars instead of 1.  They need a better chef with a sense of what tastes good.I went to Valanni last night with my fiance and two friends and we had a great time. It was my fiance's and my first time there, but our friends had been there before and had highly recommended the paella. Boy did it not disappoint.
My friend and I split the vegetarian paella and it could have been enough to serve all four of us at the table. It had a great flavor with a lot of crisp vegetables mixed in and it came with a really nice aioli that you could mix in. 
Like one of the earlier reviewers remarked, it can be rare to go out and find that everything your table got was delicious, but this was one of those occasions. I started off with the marinated olives and feta tapas (based on a Yelp review!) and it was great. The olives are served warm, and the feta was slightly cooked as well, which gave it a bit harder outside texture than normal, but really creamy inside, a great combination.
My friend got the brussel sprouts, which are very lightly battered and served crispy, and for one who does not like brussel sprouts at all, these were pretty good. There was also a little bit of fruit mixed in there, either apple or pear, that really complimented it well.
My fiance got the lobster mac n cheese and the empanadas. The mac n cheese is as good as advertised, and the empanadas were apparently so good I was not allowed to try them. Our table also got the quesadillas and the croquettes, both of which got rave reviews.
For desert the table got the oreo beignet, a chocolatey cake desert (I'm not a chocolate cake fan so I didn't really pay attention to exactly what it was), and I got the bread pudding, which was really good, but had a little chocolate sauce in it that I could have gone without. I also got the coffee, which they bring out in a french press. It was some of the best coffee I've had a restaurant in a long time, and I'm very particular about my coffee. The cups are small, a little bigger than an espresso cup, but they still bring out way more coffee than one person can drink in the time span of desert. 
Decent, if perhaps a little small, beer and wine selection. I had the blanche white beer, and the Riojas spanish wine, both of which were very good.
I had a couple, albeit minor, issues which prevented me from giving Valanni 5 stars. First, the server was not that great. Our waitress was pretty good, but she did not serve our food. That was all done by the one server, and in a nice restaurant like this (total bill was over $140 for four people), where that is his specific job, I believe he should know a head of time who is getting which dish. He was constantly handing the wrong plate to the wrong person. Two slightly larger pet peeves of mine, and the first is admittedly me being a little over the top, is when the server cleared my tapas plate, which had my fork on it, he took the fork off and put it on the table, instead of just taking it and bringing me a fresh fork. I come from the restaurant style of etiquette where once you use a utensil, it should never ever touch the table again, and I certainly don't want the server touching it and putting it on the table. (Yes, I know, I sound snobby and ridiculous) My final complaint was that the music was too loud. It wasn't as loud as some have made it out to be here in their reviews, but I have some hearing problems and would prefer music to be at best background music, so I would have preferred the volume be a little lower.
That being said, we had a fantastic time and I am very much looking forward to going back.Really enjoyed my entire meal.  We shared a number of dishes.  The lobster and crab Mac n' cheese was delicious.  I could have eaten the entire bowl myself.  It was loaded with crab and lobster and so tasty.  The paella with meat and seafood had a bit of spice to it and complemented the rice.  It was loaded up and more than we could finish.  It was hard to decide what Tapas to have...we had the empanadas and the figs in a blanket.  They were all terrific.  This meal did not disappoint...I will definitely return here the next time I'm in Philly.
Our waiter Steve was very good in guiding us through our meal and drink selection.The food was delicious, setting seductive, and service extremely attentive. There are a good number of fried items and items with cream sauce, which can be heavy when you're sampling a number of dishes.. Nonetheless, everything was packed with flavor.I went to Valanni on Saturday afternoon this place is not bad at all. We were greeted by friendly bartenders and waitresses as soon as we  walkd in the door and that made us feel special service was great everybody was super friendly and food was ok
* Awesome Drinks
*Ask for Bartender "TARA" She makes bomb drinks.
*Gay Friendly 
*Lounge -y Atmosphere
*GREAT Customer ServiceThis review is for this place's nightlife only, because I have yet to actually eat at this place.  The crowd is weird, and the vibe is juvinile- yet there aren't a bunch of kids there.  If you're looking to get sloshed on a wednesday listening to loud pop music... this is it.Excellent food and service for my bday dinner. The mac and cheese and paella were real winners!tapas were good for sharing.  Service was excellent. I would come back.  
I recommend the Fig and bacon or spicy chicken empanada.Visiting from out of town - maybe I'm spoiled with SF cuisine, but.....
Menu looked deceivingly good.  Execution, not so great.
Loved the cocktail at the bar - something orang-y.
We ordered two little pupus - both were fried and nearly tasteless.  The croquettes looked like little brown weenies - blech! 
I went for the lobster mac n' cheese - another flop.  Way too salty and fishy.  Couldn't even eat it and was sad.  :(
On the positive side - it's a great space, very lounge-y and comfortable.  Felt very urban.Great atmosphere, great service, friendly bartender, and great food and amazing drinks! 
I definitely recommend the tuna tartare!Excellent. Had the dinner entree scallops and the banana dessert, both of which tasted incredible. Service was efficient and the atmosphere was nice enough.I made reservations to come here for restaurant week since the Valanni/Mercato owners are generous enough to offer patrons their WHOLE menu.  I had been to Valanni before for a quick drink, but never had the food. I don't know why it took me this long to get back but here we go...
Since my reservations were at 7, I decided I would meet my friend for Happy Hour at the bar, since they have $5 "you call it specials" and half price apps. 
The bartenders were great and EXTREMELY attentive.  
The appetizers we had were:
Mussel's in red sauce: good 
veggie empandas: delish
chicken empanadas: Yum 
 brussel sprouts: WOW
I highly recommend the brussel sprouts because they were soo fresh and prepared soo differently than I had ever had them. 
When were seated, we were greeted by our server John, who was the sweetest thing. Throughout the night, he was on the floor looking over his section to make sure everyone was taken care of.  For dinner, I got to try the following:
Scallops over mashed potatoes: Very good but a little on the salty side
The seafood flatbread: AMAZING. I wish it had been bigger LOL
Calamari: Okay. 
Seafood Paella: Meh-The seafood was great but Paella is supposed to be dry rice.  Their version looked more like a soup. Nevertheless, it was decent.
For dessert:
Rum bananas: I was supposed to taste my husbands, but by the time I went to taste it, it was G-O-N-E.  My husband is not a fan of dessert so it MUST have been great.
Pot De Crème:Awesome; and 
Apple bread pudding: Okay. I thought it would have more of a tart to it.
All in all, it was a great night, and I will definitely go back. Especially for the happy hour.Half of my closest friends are gay men. Don't get me confused though, I'm no "fag-hag;" I'm not that high maintenance and I'm also not very catty. Anyway, I always find we're flocking to Valanni. I love the diversity. When you look around the bar, you'll find gay men, lesbians, business professionals, cougars, UArts students - it's a true slice of Philadelphia life (minus the Mummers). 
The martinis are fruity and creative and they even feature a list of mojitos and house sangrias. I'm a fan of the X-Boyfriend cocktail. 
It's a lively scene at the bar and one of the only places in Philly that successfully caters to all walks of life. Oh and Kinky Jen hosts Kinky Quizzo on Tuesday nights. Winners take home a pot of erotic goods! Can't beat that. (ew)I must be living in Bizarro World. The other reviews here have to be shills or marketing bots.I've never before reviewed a restaurant. I would have rather eaten at McDonald's. This place serves microwaved hot pockets, styles it as "vegetable empenada tapas", and slaps a 15 dollar price tag on them. The drinks tasted like gasoline.  I am not kidding-- they serve frozen steak-ums with ketchup on a mini hot dog bun--and wala--14 dollar "lamb slider." I can still taste the freezer burn. Avoid at all costs.Just wanted to bring it to the company's attention they should be mindful of their neighbors and not take over the whole sidewalk with seating. Lots of visually impaired people will have issues with the current outdoor seating set up.
I have not eaten here, I just wanted to give them a chance to correct a safety issue before I decide if I will support this business. ThanksCame to this place for a birthday dinner.  Love the contemporary decor and the food were outstanding!  Would definitely come back again.Not knowing much about Valanni I decided to try it out for restaurant and it was a great choice.
First off with restaurant week, sometimes restaurants don't offer a lot of options and I find the menu somewhat frustrating but I have to say this was not the case at all. I actually struggled to narrow down my dinner choices at valanni. 
I ended up getting the grilled romaine as an appetizer, the seafood and meat paella and finishing with Oreo beignet. 
The grilled romaine was a good sized piece of romaine with roasted peppers and manchango cheese.  I also tried some of a friends fried goat cheese which were very good but was a much smaller appetizer. Only three small pieces of goat cheese. Would not recommend it for sharing.
For my main entree I had the seafood and meat paella which was excellent. It had a lot of seafood in it and was a very large portion size. I was not able to finish it all and I generally eat a lot. Two people could easily split this if they started with a couple apps. 
To finish up I had the Oreo beignet. This was alright. I think I had been expecting more after reading all the other stellar reviews of it. I didn't think the Oreo taste was that strong.  It tasted more like a normal beignet with vanilla ice cream on the side. It was good but nothing to write home about. 
All in all valanni was a great choice for restaurant week and thoroughly enjoyed my meal as did the rest of my party.Went here for a girls dinner at restaurant week time. The service was good, but not great, and the food was really good, but again not really worth it for the restaurant week price. Though the seafood paella was HUGE and delicious. As my main course, it was well worth the $35 itself. I would recommend it!
Also the ambiance was great for a fun girls dinner with a few drinks involved. All in all a cool place to have dinner with the ladies.Valanni is kind of place that you'll go, enjoy the decor and the food they have. I love the music that plays here. They strange and very undeniable melody that makes me ending up asking the server what the music playing but he didn't know (why oh why). But well, i love this place cuz it's not really a totally gay place in the gayberhood.We came one night during happy hour. Honestly I'm more about the food than the drinks. We were seated right away. The chairs were not comfortable as it was more of a stool with no backs. The table was also too small for what we ordered. We ended up pushing two tables together. We each ordered a drink. They were ok. We sorta ordered too much food. We had the tuna tartar, oysters, calamari, brussel sprouts, "fiery" potatoes and lobster mac and cheese. The mac and cheese was from their regular menu and it was a nice portion. It was just the two of us but we finished everything. We could have did without the tuna tartar. That was my least favorite. My favorite was the potatoes. It came with a creamy spicy aioli dipping sauce. Service was great. I would definitely be back for happy hour.The feel and look of this place is so comfortable and relaxing. The food is amazing ! Go with great company and you will definitely have a great time. Date night or a start to your night I recommended itGreat place to stop by for happy hour! Mon to Sat from 5-7, outside, at the bar or lounge. Half price select tapas and cocktails. My favorite is the fried calamari. Fried well and served with an appropriate amount of marinera sauce. The seafood paella was average. Unlike the typical Spanish paella, it had a strong buttery taste. Empanadas, fries and fried Brussel sprouts were standard. The cocktails are superb! My favorite was the Paloma with infused gummy bars. 
Service can be a bit slow and one other customer actually mentioned it to us on the way out of the restaurant. The waiter apologized bc there was a large event in town and they were short staffed. Our leftovers were also accidentally thrown out and he kindly offered to remake the dish for Us.Swanky decor, fresh food (duck flat bread and fig with bacon delish), and attentive waitstaff. will be back!!