Vango has pretty much become my primary spot in Philly once Walnut Room closed (R.I.P.) - and I'm talking before the re-branded Ten Six travesty.  Since then, they've started charging a cover (because they knew they would get the fall out from Walnut Room (i.e. people looking for hip-hop, reggae, trap, Top 40, etc. in Center City West).  But I always have a great time here.  They always have great DJs spinning and when the place is packed, it's always a good time.  It's a great venue for Sips but also great on Friday and (especially) Saturday night.  I had to bump the score down because the bartenders automatically add a %20 gratuity to your drink purchase.  That's really lame.  So if one of the bartenders I don't know is making my drink, I just tip ONE DOLLAR in cash.  That's a very shady practice... no bueno.  Otherwise, great spot.I wish more than anything on this planet I could give this business a negative three million stars. My boyfriend and I were invited to a friends party on the rooftop for a QUOTE VIP UNQUOTE section. We get there and they ask us to pay a $10 cover charge. This didn't make much sense because our friends party which we explain & luckily are not forced to pay. We get upstairs and to get on the rooftop you MUST have a paid drink in your hand. So my boyfriend and I spend $26 just to get to our friends party. It doesn't matter if you don't want to drink you just HAVE to. We get up there and there's literally no space. Our VIP section is right next to the the kitchen/no entry room/waitress walking area and we have a large group so we were reprimanded many times for standing in their way even though we had no space to begin with so whatever we do what they say. We decided to order a hookah & food and got a table.  We opened a tab and later in the night some other people from the party joined our table. A girl sitting with us was caught sneaking alcohol in her purse. They searched her purse and confiscated the alcohol & scolded all of us for one persons choice. The manager moments later came back and told us he usually kicks people out for that but since "we" were apart of the party we were allowed to stay. I don't understand why he forced her mistake on us but we all just nodded and continued on. I swear to god three seconds after he walks away the not even mentionable in this story waitresses approached us and told us that the two people with open tabs were being FORCED to spend $100 no matter what to stay. I don't know what this bar thinks it is but it's one of the biggest waste of money, time, & should not be given your hard earned money. Also, there's no speakers on the roof. I could go on forever, but please avoid this place like the plague it is.Worst service ever! Been waiting for over 30 minutes! No drink no nothing been standing at bar!  DO NOT GO HEREI've been coming to Vango for Monday night salsa lessons off and on for 2 and a half years, and while there are definitely some things I don't love about vango, the open dance floor always brings me back.
Things I like:
-There's no cover & Monday night salsa lessons/the open dance floor are free
-They have a great rooftop bar (which I've only ever gotten up to twice)
-There's a mix of pros and newbies so all levels are welcome (especially for women)
Things I don't like: 
-No free tap water so you have to buy a 4 dollar 12oz bottle of VOSS "artesian" water. 
-Some of the guys there (including the instructor) are creepy and will try to rub up against youWent on a Tuesday at 11:00pm with a $25 voucher. Place was pretty dead. Setting is okay, service okay. Food/Price was okay.  Everything was just - okay. Not horrible but not amazing. They played hip hop music and offered us poll dancing which I readily declined. I did not get a drink since I was driving, my mom did and it was a special drink for $4. I got tuna tempera roll and spring rolls. They were pretty good, I would not come here just for the food (I know better sushi places) but if you to go on a week day when its slow for some food with a dance floor it seems okay. They do add a 20% tip, I knew this ahead and told my mom because she would not have noticed. There is NO WHERE does it say tip is added to bill, normally you will find that in the menu small at the bottom, so I can see where people get  pissed. Specially since its not standard practice on small parties and your server does not mention it. I think they do it on purpose to get drunk people to tip them double, low low low.....Still a solid 2 stars.. they're not quite bad enough to be a 1 star, but DEFINITELY not a 3 star either. 
It's so unfortunate because it's such a lovely location. But they have some serious work to do.. they have a lot of potential but they need to do something about it. 
Ambiance:
2 stars -- when you walk in when it's not crowded.. there's a weird smell to it. It doesnt smell BAD per-se, but it just smells old.. like a lotta philly spots. +1 star for sitting outside during beautiful weather. It's not high enough to see the beautiful philly skyline, but it's not bad.
Service: 1.5 stars. I wish I got her name, but it was a shorter brunette caucasian server that worked that night. She took almost 12-15 minutes to get our order. Yes we had a groupon -- but that doesn't mean that I wouldn't have tipped her well. Anyway -- she took forever to come to us to take our order. She kept saying " I'll be right back" and would service the couple next to us, and the guys with cigars next to us. thanks...
But yeah, if you couldn't tell.. her service was terrible. 
Food/Drinks
For groupon price -- COMPLETELY worth it.
Without groupon -- NO. 
The sushi is honestly very good! It's fresh, presentation was great, and it tasted great. But for the price of $14 + per roll -- not worth it. Because the quality was no better than vics/fat salmon or anything.
Drinks were very good -- I was totally a fan of those. I left pretty tipsy off of 3 drinks. OH yes i just remembered. YOU HAVE TO PAY FOR A DRINK TO GET UPSTAIRS. So that made sitting upstairs + groupon not as worth it.. but it's okay :)
Overall -- awesome for groupon deal. terrible service. good food, good drinks. just not worth the pricetagCame here for a friend's bday. When I got here (I wanna say 11-ish), I was considering leaving cause it was kinda lame.  Not many people.  And it was a Friday night...I was surprised.  Turns out it's the best thing I could have done.
Word of advice: if you wanna get to the best spot in the bar (i.e. the rooftop lounge), do what I did and get here earlier than the crowd.  There wasn't a line and we got right up.  We did already have drinks so I'm sure if we didn't, they would have made us buy them before going up because that seems to be the general consensus in all the reviews.  Also, my drink (whiskey sour) was made perfectly, not like that's hard to fuck up but I've been places where they just got it all wrong.  The bartenders here seemed to know what they were doing.
The music was better upstairs and the bar wasn't as packed as the one downstairs.  The DJ and bar is inside and if it's too cold or hot outside, it's nice that they have this little area to escape to.  It was a chilly night, but the heat lamps outside really do help.  Plus, they have a bathroom up there so you don't have to go back downstairs.  That was nice.
Overall, I'd come here again only if it was a friend's birthday because: A) I could get cheaper drinks elsewhere (our tab was pretty high by the night's end) and B) the crowd of leering/grabbing men was a bit annoying.
The rooftop is a really nice touch and you can't get that anywhere else in the city (that I know of), so if you wanna chill out on some couches/mattresses and view the Philly skyline at night, go here.Went here with a living social deal..  We got there early on a Friday night around 7:30 PM.  It was a different scene to be able to hang out on the sofa cushions they have set up in the back but the view of the Philly skyline is awesome.  Also the sushi is surprisingly awesome and even more awesomely priced.  Some of the cocktails are little off... I specifically ordered a chocolate martini sounding drink and it was god awful.  But frankly for the food prices and the vibe, I'd go there again.I also bought the Travelzoo special and wish I would've read the reviews first.  The food was ok, but they served the drinks in plastic which doesn't seem quite right when drinking a $14 glass of champagne. They added 20% on for gratuity even though there were only two of us in our party.  They told me I needed to use the online system to make a reservation.  I used PayPal, which was recommended and when I arrived they had no record of my deposit.  I checked my credit card today and they charged $21 over the signed amount on my receipt!  I will not return and recommend NOT going here.The roof top is actually really cool and the happy hour prices are good. The food was decent I had the sweet shrimp tempura and calamari which was meh. My fiancé had the burger and sushi which he actually really enjoyed. Fries are great also! 
Be mindful though the two of us were charged 20% gratuity. Service was great and I would have actually tipped more but I don't agree with charging a gratuity (if its not a large group) and especially not when you're not notified--thankfully he caught it on the receipt.Very nice decor and set up. Rooftop scene is pretty nice. I can definitely see why people would want to come. However, I'm not sure why I always let me friends talk me into going. Quality of drinks do not match the prices. Door service is abysmal (even though I don't expect great service from bouncers). On one particular Saturday I showed up early (9:30p) because I had gotten back from a trip earlier than expected. At the entrance, bouncer said its a $10 cover at 10p. We mentioned that its currently 9:30p so why would we have to pay a cover now? His response: "I don't set the prices," and still demanded the cover charge 30 minutes early. Whatever.
Again, the decor is nice and they do have Japanese and Italian beer. Unfortunately, the service, crowd, and overall vibe is nothing to rave about. Much better nightlife options.Location, location, location! Vango is blessed with fantastic real estate. The rooftop has great views of the skyscrapers. Walking upstairs to get to the club itself is a cool experience, with recessed lighting and ornamental vodka bottles. The vibe inside reminds me of an upscale lounge or dance club and I was very grateful not to pay a cover on a Saturday night. That being said, the drinks and service are pretty normal for a club-- you do have to shout so the bartenders can hear you and the drinks, while inventive, are NOT cheap (which is why there's no cover, I'm sure). However, the experience was marred somewhat by the fact that you have to have a drink to get upstairs, which was annoying when I discovered that there was a bar up there anyway. Even though the place seemed like it should have been bumping late on a Saturday, there really wasn't a crowd (yes, it was raining, but even the indoor dance floor didn't have many people on it).I like this place more for its atmosphere than its food. Really nice place for a date. It has a private eating area, stripper pole, bar upstairs and down, and after you eat you can party or just chill on the roof. THey have it set up so you can go on the roof in cold weather. However you need a drink in hand to get upstairs and to eat their u MUST make reservationSome notes before reading:
I went here for their Birthday Thursday promotion (Free champagne and cake with $25 reservation [that goes toward your tab] and/a minimum 4 people with you).
It was a Thursday night.
I made a reservation in advance and paid a non-refundable $25 whether I showed up or not, which is clearly stated when you make the reservation.
I had SUCH a wonderful time here. Marissa was the hostess, she greeted us when we came in and really was a professional since the minute we walked in the door. It was not busy this night (I mean, it's a Thursday night in the winter at 9 pm), we were seated right away and got a drink order. We did not eat here because we had eaten already so I cannot comment on the food. The DJ was so accommodating and after requesting an artist he played 3 songs from him (Frank Ocean) which is unheard of. I was so excited, really made my birthday. The hostess brings out a cake which was really quite delicious and a bottle of champagne to celebrate the birthday. I thought this was a really nice touch and good way to get people in the door.
I can't comment on a weekend or when the place is busy, but we had a blast here. I think the hostess and DJ really made the night for us, which is why I gave the experience 5 stars. We didn't get to the rooftop, it opens after a certain time but I think they would have let us if we asked since it was a slower night. It's a shame because I hear it's nice and have been wanting to see it.This place is horrific with high prices. I was there last Saturday night with a buddy of  mine. We sat at the bar to have a drink. After the first round my buddy decided to go upstairs to check it out. When he tried to go upstairs the bouncer informed him that he needed to have a drink to go upstairs. Well when he returned the bartender had already taken his glass so he asked for a glass of ice water. The bouncer told him that he still was not allowed to go up because he was only drinking ice water?!? Are you kidding me?!? Of course we see several young attractive women go up there without a drink but that is besides the point. I tell my friend let's go this is a no-class place for kids that don't know any better. That's when the bouncer decides to get in my face and threaten to kick my ass outside. Well I've outgrown this kind of testosterone driven kind of reaction and needless to say we left. Pretty scary when the bouncers are looking for a fight. Not too worry. Places like this will probably have a fight break out, someone will get hurt, and they will probably have their liquor license revoked for encouraging people to get drunk so they can go upstairs. 
Walk away people. This place doesn't deserve to be in business.What a monumental waste.  My boyfriend and I went here simply because they had a Groupon Now deal for dinner - $20 for $40 worth of food.  The menu looked interesting so we decided to check it out.  We waited about 10 minutes after we arrived to be seated, while being chided about not having reservations.  It was EMPTY.  Our waitress had no idea what the Groupon was.  She had to go talk to the manager about what it meant.  We understood - we get $40 worth of food, of course booze not included.  Anything more we would pay.  We get it.  We went to college.  
Our waitress would disappear for long periods of time.  We ordered our food first.  i got the pork dumplings and chicken salad.  He got the calamari and short ribs.  I guess I should have specified which things would come out together, even though I ordered my salad to be the entree, because nothing came out together.  The calamari came out first, then dumplings, then my "salad" (more on that, promise) and then his dinner.  We both were too polite to let the other wait to eat, so we both ate alone.  I ordered a Stoli Vanilla and diet coke, which came completely flat.  Like an opened bottle of soda sitting out for a few days flat.  This was of course the point when the waitress disappeared.  It took her about 20 minutes to return, and had a the audacity to not be upset that my drink was flat.  She didn't say, "oh my gosh I'm so sorry let me get you another one."  Nope, she had to go talk to her manager, again.  I did get a new drink, and it was slightly more fizzy, but I figured it was my best shot so I stuck with it. 
The seating was terrible.  The couches had a loungy vibe, which would have been fun if we were sitting with friends having drinks, but it was awful for dinner.  the tables were too high for the couches.  I practically had to kneel on the couch to reach my food.  
Now to the food - boyfriend liked the calamari.  I cannot vouch for it because I'm allergic.  My dumplings were tasty.  He liked the short ribs, which came with wasabi mashed potatoes.  My salad was atrocious.  There was maybe one cup of lettuce and the rest was super greasy tempura chicken.  I'm talking like 3 cups worth of chicken.  
Then we get the bill.  They took off the Groupon properly, but they had the balls to charge us a 20% tip!  That was listed nowhere on the menu.  We would not have been that generous, as she was completely absent and not helpful when she was there.  I wish we could have gotten a tip refund.    Definitely will not be returning.This was my second time at Vango... well third if you count the one time at Sips we stayed for about 10 minutes before leaving (that's another story).
I had a TravelZoo voucher for 3 sushi rolls and 4 glasses of wine or cocktails, so the man and I decided to venture to the roofdeck one warm night.  I made a reservation online and paid the $25 deposit (which I find ridiculous in the first place), but when we got there the manager guy couldn't find us on the list (which surprised me considering there were about 3 other people total in the place).  I finally pulled up my confirmation from PayPal (for the $25 deposit...) and he magically found our names on the list.  Ta Da!
He then escorted us upstairs, only to find there were no tables outside ready for us... so we sat at the bar, only to find that we couldn't use our drink vouchers at the bar.  Hello rock--Hello hardplace, it appears I am stuck between you both.
After two overpriced rounds of drinks (although I think the super nice bartender gave us the happy hour prices because she felt bad for us), we were finally seated.  The ambiance is wonderful up there, although the fouton couches are a touch too comfy--i could have passed out right at the table (perhaps that was the two rounds of drinks talking?)
We ordered our sushi and drinks, and both came out pretty quickly.  The sushi wasn't anything to write home about, and I'm pretty sure the fried calamari was straight from the freezer into the deep fryer........ but it was alright.
The reason I gave 3 instead of 2 stars is because of the servers-- our bartender and waitress were both so wonderful.
All in all, it's a mediocre bar with mediocre food, however sitting up the roofdeck *kind of* makes up for it.  I don't plan on going back unless theres another sweet deal online.... but even then i'm not so sure.Absolutely hate this place!!!  I told myself I would never come here again but my cousin was having his birthday party here so I decided to come. 
I opened a tab and ordered 2 drinks and 3 shots. I received a $116 bill. Me being a little tipsy, I signed the receipt and handed the bartender $25. 10 seconds later I was thinking about what I order so I asked the bartender for an itemized bill. The bartender stated she didn't know how to print it out. My original bill was just a price. When I asked for the manager, she miraculously knew how to print one out. She rang me up for 5 shots and 3 drinks. BUT THATS NOT THE KICKER!!!  Not only did she charge me 25% gratuity, but they charged me 20% "Open Tab Fee" ???  Yes, they charged me 25% for just opening a tab!!  I spoke to the owner and explained how illegal that was and demanded the extra drink get taken off and also my tip returned. The owner stated that it was nothing he could do because it was already closed out. Luckily for me, my brother (who works for Liquor Control) explain to him that it was illegal and he took off the extra drinks and returned my tip. BEWARE AND STAY FAR AWAY!!the place itself is not bad, but the bouncers and manager are a joke. be prepared for them to tell you to buy a new drink every time you want to get past them and treat you with disrespect. powertrippin, guess they like to pretend they work in a lounge in NY, LA, Vegas?
this place needs to do itself a favor and get rid of these douchebags or close down.I don't know if Jay actually is employed there or if he teaches for fun... But.come for salsa night! He's great at what he does and doesn't make you feel awkward if you mess up at all! 
The food was okay. The sushi was good but some of the cooked food was undercooked the one time I went for food. Will try again though.hate this place.  everyone who works at this establishment is so RUDE!!.  you get inside but to go to the second level you have to have a drink in your hand.  The drinks are over priced and watered down.  the first floor is usually empty so you want to go upstairs.  You buy an overpriced drink get up there and realize that the second floor is just as whack as the first floor but much smaller.  So you step outside and the view of the city is just a view of the neighboring buildings.  There are white couches for VIP so sit on but I would never pay for VIP in a club like thisBesides from being a wonderful aesthetic, and a vibe that you don't find in some "swanky" bar/ lounge in Philadelphia, My experiences was ruined by the snide remarks of the bartender on 2/3/2013 .
Ms. "Keeper of The Mojitos aka Alysia  (with a wink). Informed me in a very condescending tone that " Even though these Mojitos are free, Tips are appreciated." I then asked her to say that again to me , only because I wanted to make sure that she was informing me about the rules of gratuity. She again informed me again, and I replied. "Of course , we are not Cave Men." I tried not to let her horrible decision of customer service "banter" ruin my evening. But, as I my white counterparts, and friends of mine went to get their " Even though these Mojitos are free, Tips are appreciated." Mojitos . They were not informed as my group of friends and I . 
The night wasn't a total lost. I end up networking with some really great people, and a few of them had recognized me from various performances I do around the city . Word to the wise Ms. Condescending  "Keeper of The Mojitos aka Alysia  (with a wink). You should be either "nice" or a "bitch" to all your patrons in the future.You know keep it even. Tell me how that works out for you. Also, be nicer to the non - white patrons in you aspiring bartender future. They might not be as cordial as I.
Cheers !
P.S. DJ Dennis was incredible.  I enjoyed the hour and a half of  the set I heard. I would of definitely  of loved to move to the sounds, on a different night .I like the set up of the place even though the place does not attract the right types of people. Drinks are very expensive. And the stripper pole in the middle does not do the place any justice in terms of trying to attract the right people. I like the booths they have which gives you still a private area for your group but yet you can still see everything thats going on. They had salsa dancing classes on a Thursday night when I went one time. They also card you at the door.Low-brow dive, shady characters behind and at the bar, rumors of mob ties, fights, pros..utes, just a seedy sad den of Satan situated in City CenterI would not recommend dinning at this place. Service was poor as the waitress did not check on us often and I felt like she forgot about us. I got a hamburger and while it was good, they charged us two dollars for one slice of tomato and one leaf of lettus. Had they told us they were charging that much, we would not have gotten it. They also charged us gratuity in advance for a party of just two. Since I saw that they already gave themselves a twenty percent gratuity I did not leave a tip. When I checked my credit charges the next day I saw that they had giving themselves an additional gratuity charge after I left and had already signed their recept . I had even crossed out the tip line to prevent this. Will never go back to this dump.Only thing I love about this place was the sky lounge on the roof.I randomly popped into Vango by chance last night with my girlfriends. Upon walking in I was immediately taken by the set up of the bar, it was beautiful. In the center of the bar there was this amazing chandelier of glasses. In addition, they have this huge rooftop deck with an amazing view AND heaters!!!! The music was great, food (spicy tuna and cheeseburger) delicious, drinks strong, and such friendly staff. I couldn't have asked for more on my night out. Can't wait for my best friend to visit me so I can bring her here! 
PS if you want to get really wild, try the zombie!I am an area event planner and helped coordinate a friend's joint bachelor/bachelorette party. I had made arrangements with the manager and followed up a couple of times leading up to the evening of the party. 
With a guest list of about 40 people pre-submitted and the word that we would have a private area reserved for us on the roof, we were ready to party! The ladies arrived, the staff seemed unsure of what was going on even though the manager I spoke with was there to greet us at the door...but we still all proceeded to go upstairs anyway. We attempted to sit on the beds on the roof and were told they were reserved for bottle service only. We were a bit peeved since there wasn't much of an area reserved for us, but we brushed it off and awaited the bachelor party's arrival...and this is the part where I say, 
"I WILL NEVER CONTACT OR SOLICIT VANGO AGAIN AND WILL BE SURE TO LET OTHERS KNOW HOW POOR THE SERVICE IS HERE" 
...they refused to let the bachelor party of 11 guys up to the roof deck, insisted they wait in line, treated us like we weren't important enough because we didn't pay to have bottle service (by the way, there was no mention that bottle service was required for us to reserve the space for our party beforehand), and pretty much let us know that if the rest of our party wasn't willing to wait, we could leave...that's about 40 people spending at least $50-$60/each on drinks, if not more. They made it clear that they didn't want our money and didn't care to accommodate us even though arrangements were confirmed and made beforehand. 
As we proceeded to leave, one of the girls in our party forgot to close out her card...she went to run back up to the roof deck and the security and staff REFUSED to let her go back up to get her card. 
Needless to say, this bar has overpriced drinks, extremely poor service, and is nothing more than a washed up club.Let's sum up my night.
I walked in, sat at a table and was told I needed bottle service.  Then I was told I needed 2 bottles because we had 7 people.  I said no and the waitress told me too bad I need to charge you.  I said no way, she went back and gave me my card.  2 days later i get an alert from amex that there was a suspicious 630 dollar charge on my card.  Sure enough, the stole from me.Overpriced drinks in a terrible location as the roof is surrounded by taller buildings and only 2 floors up. They won't let you see how bad it is without overpaying for a poorly made drink first. The whole place also needs a thorough cleaning.What a joke. Philly has some great restaurants, but as a former New Yorker, I really miss the cool rooftop hotel restaurants of Manhattan. When I heard that Vango has a rooftop dining experience, I was psyched. Whatever. It was more like a poorly designed wannabee rooftop with something that looked like twin beds with ill-fitting Walmart sheets on them. 
Bathroom is a complete dive. 
The food was really uneventful (and I'm being nice) and they had the audacity to add a 20% gratuity to our check (two people, mind you. Not 6-8 people) without indicating anywhere that they would be doing that. If we'd not paid attention to the bill, we would have tipped twice. The dessert portions are about $1 worth of food for $8. I will NEVER go here again. 
Waste of good money and time.If I could give this zero stars I would. We celebrated my boyfriend's birthday here last night. I ordered bottle service to get access to the VIP area on the roof top.  One bottle allows you access to only 5 people and with the cheapest bottle at $300 it seemed overpriced. However we ended up buying 4 bottles and had a hard time with the bouncers letting people up. Our guests were stopped at the 2nd floor asked to buy a drink before being allowed access to the rooftop even though we had bottle service. One of our guests didn't make it upstairs though we spent over $1200 on drinks only. My boyfriend had to go downstairs a few times to ensure our guests made it upstairs. This place is disorganized and poorly managed. The bouncers are rude and the manager Dave wasn't flexible at all and a bit clueless. The only upside to this night was Sloan our waitress-she was amazing! However, I will guarantee that I will not give these people my money again!If you love the strong scent of desperation, then you'll love this place. You can't even look around the room, because every person you glance at will lock eyes with you and stare you down like they're sizing up their next meal. I was there with 3 other people and we all experienced it. The drinks were expensive, the music was the audio equivalent of watching an episode of "Two and a Half Men" and the general look of the patrons was last-call chic (lots of boobies, sparkles and hair product).Have been to Vango a few times. My most recent experience was on a Saturday night. Now i am use to the no cover/must buy drink to get upstairs routine..I dont agree with it, but recognize they want people to buy drinks and then sip on them in line so by the time you get upstairs you need another round. In my previous experiences the down stairs played more background music, while the upstairs played music more familiar to the masses, however on this night both floors was playing the generic background music. The bad music, dead crowd, and $6 dollar beer, i have no incentive to return to this place.Great place to come and dance with friends or make new friends to dance withSadly, I will not be back to Vango! I was very disapointed by several things. Very Smoky, Too crowded, and over priced! 
Positives- DJ was OK (not great, but it got people dancing) , bartender was fast with the drinks (once she got our order that is).  
Not sure why there is still smoking in bars in Philadelphia since they passed the ban of smoking in public.  I guess there is a loop hole becasue the owners also own the Hookah bar next door, Byblos.The owner really needs to train his staff. Their customer service is the absolute WORST!!! Especially the man with dreads guarding the stairs to the patio.Beautiful club but... I went there on a Tues night for a girls night and pole lessons. There was maybe 3 other people when we got there and no one to teach the lessons. Also, their $3 drink special on Tues starts at 9 and they don't tell you that till after you order and get your drinkOverpriced for what they have to offer. Cover charge was $10. You must get a drink on their main floor before being granted access to their top floor bar with the sky lounge. The building itself is only 3 stories so not much of a view besides clouds. Drinks were pricy $13-15 per mixed drink. The DJ was good but the crowd was slightly young and it was strange how their restaurant was open and serving families food in the vip section.Drinks are overpriced, but the music is good. I didn't understand why we had to buy a drink in order to go up to the rooftop. Contrary to what other reviews have said, our server was really nice. Security was super hostile for no reason. Would I go back? Ehh, maybe but it's not at the top of my list.Let me begin by questioning the outrageously overpriced "bottle service."  If an establishment is going to charge $200 for a lukewarm bottle of Veuve, at least make sure the glasses are 1)devoid of lipstick 2)not chipped and 3) full.  If the bartender gives herself a 20% gratuity for this service should she not fill the glasses at least once?  This was for "service" at the bar for a party of, yes, FOUR!
Smoking is allowed.  Even by the bartender BEHIND the bar.  Enough said.
Sushi??--The fish was dry, and not at all imaginative.  Stick to infused vodka dearie.  
Why exactly did the genius cut holes in the wall for Goose only to have the labels facing away.  Perhaps because Grey Goose has the sense to NOT want to be associated with Vango.
Venture to the roof deck, if you can get past the bouncer that is, to a virtually vacant upstairs.  But wait!!  You MUST have a drink in hand(or a bottled water) to get past the bouncer.  Sorry, we just finished our champagne at the bar and dropped $240, but I need a drink in hand??? We do as told, sheep that we are, only to now have to wait in line for 10 minutes.
At last, the promised land, for what my friend has convinced me must be a place of gold and candy.  We waited in line downstairs to immediately find a place at the bar.  Strange to have to wait in line.  Thirty or so guests were out on the deck.  Create a line and there must be something wonderful everyone is waiting for, right?
Now don't judge me too harshly, but Irish Car bombs were ordered.  I know, I know...  For those of you who have had them, this concoction usually takes two hands one to hold the Guinness and one to hold the shot of Baileys/whiskey.  Into the Guinness goes the Bailey's, glass and all.  Oh no!!  The glass doesn't fit in the beer glass and only manages to spill beer on my dress.  Don't serve it if you don't have the glassware to accommodate the drink.  It was delicious though, if only because I was the one to mix it.
After ordering a round of drinks, my friend decided she did not like her Midori Margarita.  Now, I love margaritas, and Midori being introduced into the drink sounds disgusting to me, but it was on the menu as a specialty drink.   I have never sent a drink back, but when I asked the bartender if she could get my friend something else.  No, was her answer because the owner was watching.  Really??  Let him watch.  He should be accommodating his guests, not watching to make sure the bartenders don't comp a drink that a guest doesn't like.
I have visited Vango, four times, and every experience has gotten progressively worse.
Vango, don't try to be something your not, a restaurant, a club, a lounge.  Which one, I wonder.Great roof top deck, yet poor service. Vango is a little bit over-rated some weekends are slow and some are busy. The food I ordered and waited for took a while to come out over 40 minutes.One of my favorite clubs in philly! Food, drinks and service are phenomenal! Dress nice and go see and be seen. Absolutely love the roof top!****Ok it is OFFICIAL, Vango sucks sweaty hairy b@LLS!!! **** I HATE this place more than I HATE Casey Anthony or perhaps the 49ers!!! 
Coming back home from California, I decided to give this place a 2nd chance. My complaint is about the service. The bouncer and management are rude, unprofessional, and liars! 
Scenario 1: Thurs Night March 22, 2012 so call "BIRTHDAY Thursday"
-My friend and I walked down stars to see what the dance scene is like. After one minute, literally 1min!!, We decided to walk back up to the roof, the bouncer said we had to order a drink. Our drinks are over half full and he knew when just barely walked down. 
-OK fine, we killed our drinks, and I ordered another fresh drinks for both of us. Proceeded to walk back up, same stupid bouncer said I can't go up but my friend can. WTF????...I asked what was his problem and his response was "You didn't pay for your drink, you got it for free"  OH HELLLLLL NO!, 1rst of all, I did pay for my drink, in-fact, for all the drinks including my friend for the whole night. Fact matter is how would you know? Do I need to show a F-N receipt now?. Secondly, it should not matter who bought the drinks! This pRick had the audacity to make up a lame @ss excuses bc this low lifer is working at the bottom of the stairs and probably will for rest of his career (if you call it one)  
Scenario 2:
I requested to speak to manager to inform my complaint and the female bartender from upstairs bar pointed to guy next to her. After explaining to the guy (assuming he is the manager), we later realized this guy doesn't even work there. He was too scared to even give me his full name. Should have known better bc he was wearing sweat pants and t-shirt.
Scenario 3:
I went back down stairs and asked the nice Ethiopian female bartender who served my drinks earlier if she can point me out to the owner/manager at the time. Luckily she was honest and I did spoke to the manager (Dias). After short conversation with him, he asked me hold on. He made a phone call as he walked to the back kitchen/storage area.  Minutes later I can see from a distance him speaking to the bouncer and shortly after, he walked by me (not up to me) and said, "The bouncer was just doing his job" WHAT THE! SERIOUSLY, REALLY???  ...when are you going to do your job Mr. Manager? All I wanted was an apology and the situation to be recognized. Hope the owner reads this and seriously really considers hiring proper manner staffing!  SHAME ON YOU DIAS or whatever your name is! Hope you all lose your job or perhaps this place to be closed down!!....That's it, enough said... E.N.D. of story!.... I'm out!!!I had been here before on a slow night, and then just this week came here for a big event; my impression of this place was about the same from both visits.  They've got the rooftop going for them and the opportunity for people who like to salsa dance to tear it up on the main floor.  Other than that, there's not much else that makes this place special.  Once the couches are occupied on the roof, you're left standing around in a crowd.  If you're trying to get around between the two floors, the stairs get really slow and crowded quickly.  Even though this event had an open bar, the bartenders on both floors had an attitude which I find annoying.  The appetizers were interesting.  They had some egg roll segments and pita with hummus.  We had a couple drinks and ended up just going next door to Franklin Mortgage.  
Oh, also, of course, people smoke on the roof.  Even though it's under the open sky, the smoke lingers and it becomes kind of difficult to breathe there; not to mention it's probably a serious fire hazard.Decent Sushi, terrible service and atmosphere. That about sums up my experience at Vango.  I called in advance to secure a roof deck table.  The woman on the phone told me that I didn't need a reservation for that evening and to just show up.  When we showed up, a member of the staff told me that the roof deck was closed for a private party and we had to sit inside.  If I had known this in advance, we would have just gone to the Continental's roof deck but we were already at Vango and craving Sushi. The inside of Vango is poorly maintained and borderline dirty.  It looked like it used to be nice when it first opened but no one has painted or cleaned the place in years.
We ordered 2 cocktails, neither were great.  My girlfriend sent hers back for something else and the waitress shot her an annoyed look when taking back the drink.  We then ordered 3 different sushi rolls. They took forever to arrive at the table but the sushi rolls were bigger than most and presented nicely. They were packed with tuna, salmon, crab, and shrimp and I was pleased with the quality of the seafood. 
We left pleased with the Sushi but really disappointed with the service and being lied to on the phone. This place needs to be on one of those restaurant makeover shows before I'll return.Zero stars - the bartender poured us the wrong drinks and we politely asked for a correction to which they denied. We then asked for the manager who came about 30 minutes later. He was extremely rude and condescending and kept interrupting us as we tried to calmly explain the situation. It was truly a horrible experience and I am always more than patient/forgiving/understanding as I worked in the service industry for 10 years. The venue was also very underwhelming and would not have even been worth the price of drinks had we decided to stay. Don't waste your time or money here.Ugh love this place!! The owner is so nice and the staff was very attentive. Definitely gets people in the mood to dance. Parking is good I would suggest a garage parking. Ambience is off the charts. If you want to have a good time Vango is the place to be. And try the food!! Delish!I got invited to their new sky lounge launch. Since it was raining the party stayed inside. This is a Level 1 Bar. I mean level 1 sponsors this bar. You'll notice the tres cool bottles of vodka utilized and crafted as lighting fixtures on the wall as you walk upstairs. I really liked the layout of the bar and seating. I forgot my one sacred rule; I can't drink. Not that I can't drink, it's that i can't drink much. I broke my rule and finished 3 martinis! My limit is really 2. However; I was having such a great time with my friend that i over did it.. a bit. Anyway, it was a great party, not too crowded, nice crowd and plenty of h'orderves and drinks. The music really not my style though. Cudos to Rachael for a well catered party.Good place, looks great. Came here and had about 6 drinks with a friend at they charged 20% gratuity on the bill. There should be a sign stating that. Some don't too but dang some tip generously. I feel take advantage of.I came here with a google offer coupon and the waitresses were super accommodating and polite. The place was very quiet, but my friends and I were there around 6pm during a weeknight.  The food was average, the drinks were fine as well, but the service was good. We did have to sit at a table in the inside in order to take advantage of the coupon which was fine. We then had the Center City Sips happy hour drinks specials - after a few apps and drink specials we were ready to roll to the next place. We didn't get a chance to go to the rooftop because we couldn't use the coupon, but it seemed like a good-sized crowd was there. In order to go to the roof, you have to buy a drink at the bar inside. It seems a bit like a college-y crowd. Not really a place for early 30s like us, but was fine for the coupon deal. Don't think we'll be going back...good for people in their 20s who are looking for a clubby scene.I went here to celebrate my bday on 6/22/2013. I booked 2 tables because we had 12 people in our party. I arrived there around 10 pm and was seated on the 2nd floor. We ordered sushi, calamari and the meatballs. The meatballs were the only good thing out of the three. The drinks were very watered down. I had 4 drinks and didnt even feel a buzz. The waitress (blonde hair) took forever to do everything. We had to wait over 45 min for the check. I asked the waitress about the $100 deposit I had to pay to reserve the table that was supposed to be returned once you showed up. She stated I would need to come back another day and pick up a check. I refused and she walked away with an attitude to write me a check on the spot. I checked my bank account this morning and  they overcharged me by almost 20 dollars. I also asked my friends about their bills and they were also overcharged. The only thing good about this place was the music. So I will be taking my business elsewhere.Went to Vango last night for two friends' birthdays. They spoke with the owner several weeks in advance and were promised:
1) $35 top shelf open bar for guests 10-12
2) A private bar for us
3)  Waived entry and free shots for the birthday girls
This was the reality:
1) $35 well drinks, all CHEAP liquor 10-12
2) A sectioned off part of the bar which ANYONE who was willing to pay $35 was allowed into
3) Birthday girls had to pay and were stuck drinking well drinks with the rest of us. He clearly only said this to get the girls to have their party there.
Some of our friends tried to stop in for a drink after 12 but were told they would ONLY be let in if they got bottle service. The owner even said to me earlier "If they are not willing to spend money, they should not be here." How RUDE. My friends are willing to spend money, but forcing everyone to get bottle service is completely unreasonable. 
The owner is a LIAR and a CHEAT. When I asked him why we did not get the private bar as promised, he said he never agreed to it. 
When my friends asked why it was suddenly well drinks and not top shelf, he justified it by saying "Well the other party upstairs is paying $40 so you're getting a good deal."
So basically he was ripping ALL of us off. 
The owner is a jerk who looks down on the patrons. His attitude was BEYOND unacceptable. We will never go back there again.
If you want to go somewhere where you will be ripped-off and scrutinized by the owner and most of the staff, Vango is the place to go.If you want a place to drink cocktails and see who is going to use the stripper pole that is located on the dance floor then you can go here. It's a dark and dimly lit lounge with a cool red chandelier over the bar. I had a few zombie cocktails and other kinds of shots and sadly the only person to use the stripper pole was my short Asian buddy who clearly lacks pole coordination. Well, at least the table of ample sized woman enjoyed his performance. "Oh work that pole honey" was shouted as he spun.Confusion and Disorganization. Last night I had my 35th birthday, under the Guest List Party option. I should have known things would be bad when they couldn't even find my reservation or confirmation. A coworker was also having her birthday party there. Our parties were seated next to one another. The confusion started when they charged her the $10 cover to get in for her own party. Neither of us were told our guest would have to pay, nor were we told any information prior to our event. My corworker and I were told differnt things by the hostess and staff regarding iur deposits, tab and party guest. And at least least one of my guest was told she didn't have to pay the cover because she was on the guest list. No one seemed to be on the same page. Our servers that night were very polite but a little slow with services. I had to ask 3 times for my Cake to be brought out. And in all this, the rooftop still required a drink purchase to have access. 
While our food and drinks were good, everything that went wrong was eniuh for me to not have another event here.I will never return to Vango.  I should have consulted yelp before dining at Vango on a Groupon.  We sat inside on pleather-like couches that completely sunk you down.  My legs hurt after awhile from being so low to the ground since i'm tall. The other option was to sit on a cube with no back.  We told the waitress we had a groupon and she told us we could only use it inside, which was fine considering the heat.  The food was mediocre. Everything we ordered, burger, scallop, negamake, grilled octopus was overcooked.  At that point, we got our check and we're floored by the 20% gratuity included in the check.  What pissed me off more than anything was that they don't mention that anywhere on their menus. Had i known that, i probably wouldn't have eaten there.  I am not a bad tipper, but i like to decide when to give 20% and between the food & service, it was not worth a 20% tip.  I will never go back here.This is one of my go-to spots when I get to my "whatever's clever" portion of my night--basically when I have ate/drank to my heart's content and have been to two or more other venues and can be talked to anything. Just kidding...this place isn't half-bad. Drinks are strong. I know the music will be on point and even though sometimes the crowd borders sketch, we always seem to have a good time--probably because, again, I am full of food and drink. I love the outside deck area where I can lounge, my nicotine-loving compadres can smoke, and I can chill out without being mauled. 
You shouldn't make this your only destination of the night. You are only setting yourself up for failure and disappointment. However go to have fun with your peoples and just let loose.Great food. Great space-well decorated with beautiful tiles, wall fabric,  etc.-but the food is very overpriced.I can only speak to the Monday night salsa lessons, but the instructor embarrasses his students and has no concern for showing any sort of dignity or respect. For example, he points people out and name calls them in front of the entire class. I fee sorry for vango for hiring him.Vango is probably the worst bar that I have ever been to.  I didn't like it the first time that I went in but I figured that maybe I was drinking a little too much haterade.  So I gave it another chance recently and no...it was not me!  Tacky environment and rude management.  The drinks are small and obnoxiously priced.  The chandelier is fun to zone out at but the smoke filled bar and "awesome" stripper pole  in the middle of the dance floor made me wish for consecutive 10 hour work days.My husband and I had a travelzoo coupon for Vango. I should have read the reviews before purchasing it, but luckily I did before we went so i wasnt horribly.  When I called to make a reservation I was rudely told to do so online and hung up on.  The coupon included 4 drinks and 3 apps. The calamari was awful, but my husband was able to get it down. Neither of us tried to do the same with the grilled octopus it was rubber and fishy, covered with a cup of pesto. The only good app was the spider roll. The drinks were actually good because we were the only people in there. My husband had the margarita and the mango mojitos.  I gave two stars because the waitress was great and the drinks were good. But if I had to pay $14 for them I would have wanted them to be bigger. The weird thing was that they charged us a 20% tip when we were the only people in there. We normally tip this much for good service, but it just seemed strange for a two top. We paid cash to make sure to avoid the fraudulent charges that this place seems famous for.This place is a big rip off. I've never been to an establishment that requires you to purchase a drink just to access the Rooftop that has its own bar! I also had to have my bag inspected on a Friday at 5 pm. I had dinner and used a restaurant.com gift certificate. There was a 20% tip added on and I think I saw an entry for a service fee. On Saturdays you pay a $10 cover and still need to buy a drink to access the roof. The food is okay but nothing spectacular.well, i have been a part of philly night life for a million years. i have been to vango twice. the roof deck is cool. outside options always draw me in. but the service sucks, the smoking is out of control. how can you serve food and have someone smoke in the same area? but for smokers, i guess this is heaven. i always worry about the staff with the second hand smoke. the crowd has lots of hair gel, tight shirts, and flashy jewlery. it's not a philly crowd.seems everyone in there is from another part of the world. it may be a great place for some people. but it's just not where i would choose to hang out..We went in here on Halloween because there was no cover charge, and I always hear about it on the radio. I think we stayed for about four minutes before leaving, and we would have left sooner had my friend not already ordered a drink.
The Budlight bottle cost 6 (or 7?) dollars. 
It was really crowded, but seemed like no one was having fun.
There was a DJ, but rather than dancing, everyone was kind of facing the front watching him mix. Weird.
The upstairs was closed for VIP so I can't comment on that other than to say that I'm SO glad I'm not a VIP at this place.
It was clean. So if you are looking for a clean, expensive club, with a crowd that just stands and stares, this is the place for you.I'm surprised by some of the reviews here. I went to Vango many times with friends and we always had great experience. The club is spacious - 2 floors and an outdoor seating with a beautiful view. The bartenders were always friendly to me. The music is vibrant every time. I gave it 5 stars because of the music, beautiful view, and nice setup. Every now and then you'll have a bad experience in any club, that doesn't make the place less than 5 stars.It seems like every week I end up at Vango for at least the early part of the evening. Ever since they got rid of the vomit smell by the entrance, I place has been pretty decent. I mean it is what it is, and it doesn't try to be what its not. Basically a cool place to chill at the bar with friends. There is a moderate sized dance floor, usually at least a few cute girls. There is an upstairs, in the summer its really cool because you can go onto the roof and chill outside as well. The drinks are usual center city prices, but not quite as expensive as G Lounge. Upstairs (you do need to have a drink in your hand to get up there) is more of a hip-hop vibe, down stairs is a mix. The crowd is kind of diverse, mostly white and black, but also a few indians. But while the crowd is comprised of actual Philadelphians, it mostly caters to adult who are looking to have a good time. I've never seen any tension or fighting, I see a lot of guys brings their girls there. I've seen girls in groups. A lot of college kids and grads. Its a nice place to chill, and I've never paid a cover to get in. The line moves pretty well (unless its crowded). Bouncer's are cool. I do believe that they serve food and have bottle service, but I wouldn't recommend doing dinner later than 9:30p, it gets to crowded and a little too boisterous to enjoy the food. All in all its a good stop en route to a good night out.I was charged $18 for gin (Seagrams) and tonic. That concluded me as a customer at this venue. This is too drastic and it really is an attempt to rip off the consumer. Unnecessary.Service actually wasn't bad and the servers behind the bar were quite helpful......but serving overpriced wine in plastic wine glasses on a Wednesday? And to sit at a table when the place is empty is $150? Yeah, this is the type of place you go to if you want to spend money for the sake of spending money ($400 for a bottle/table)I had been to Vango a few times over the winter, but in recent months, most likely because of the Sky Bar opening for the season, Vango is becoming more and more popular.  In April, lines by midnight or so were the largest in all of Rittenhouse (dare I say, larger than G Lounge and Denim combined!) and I began to think maybe Vango will turn into THE spot this summer.  While I haven't seen that happen just yet (for reasons you'll find below) it's still a great place to go and socialize.
FIRST IMPRESSIONS AND LAYOUT:
If you get there earlier on in the night, there probably isn't a line.  You walk up a staircase with walls adorned by empty Level vodka bottles...kind of tacky, but they present it very nicely, almost like an ad for Level.  The first floor has a beautiful-looking bar (and bar tenders!), nicely lit to give the room an air of sophistication.  Far Eastern styles adorn a row of tables and couches along the far wall.  The main floor can either look packed or empty, it rarely seems just right.  The DJ booth is under a staircase, which leads to the Sky Bar, which is sometimes blocked off if it's full.  The Sky Bar has a smaller bar up top and couches in the roofed area, while the open deck has beds which people can sit on (no sex please, regardless of how provocative the seating is) and heat lamps if it's too cold.  I believe the same music is playing upstairs and downstairs, but I could be wrong.
THE ATMOSPHERE:
I'm not entirely sure if it's possible to classify the clientele (as it's not as defined as say a G Lounge or Drinkers crowd), but it's a mostly friendly crowd that usually keeps to its small group of friends.  You'll often see groups huddled together in the middle of the dance floor, girls on a girls night out looking for boys to meet, dudes being bros trying to scope some broads.  I have seen small groups who love to dance to the music as ridiculously as possible (which means they are having more fun than you if you are just watching).  Yes, it's true, smoking is permitted, and it currently isn't THAT bad, yes you can smell it sometimes, but it is by no means a chimney room...if it ever got to be a chimney room, I'd stop going of course.  To those who smoke, please be courteous and do it outdoors so those who don't smoke can enjoy their fresh air and nice smelling clothes.
THE TUNES:
The tunes tend to be different each night, but I am pretty sure Saturday night is House night, at least for a set or two.  Being a huge electronic fan, including house, I have to say the DJ who spins it has some of the hottest House tracks I've heard in Philly.  Then again, I'm not the biggest house-head, so I'm sure there are better venues for those true fans.  Still, I found it delightful to hear some House for once instead of the same old, same old.  There is some of that, of course, for the musically non-adventurous, as well as some eurotrash dance.
THE DRINKS:
Drinks aren't bad, moderately priced (although I think a little too high for the place it is).  Bartenders are friendly, but very busy, the bar itself can get kind of crowded.
THE VERDICT:
Great atmosphere (+),  crowd is just OK (-), great selection of tunes (+), some of the decor is classy, some of it is tacky (+/-), Sky Bar is a great place to relax (+).Bad service. Ugly roof deck. Unimpressive view. Overpriced. Don't bother.Went here 2 weekends ago and the second floor smelled like vomit. If that wasn't a tell-tale sign to jet, the extremely rude service was. The staff at Vango clearly does not know how to treat its customers. I've never had an experience like this before. They definitely need a lesson in company-client relationships.
Never go to Vango unless you want to be treated poorly as a paying customer.Let me start this review off by saying that I do not know anything about the interior of this place, the kind of music they play, the drink prices, etc.
The only thing that I can say about this place is that the bouncer is a highly incompetent jerk off. I came to philadelphia to visit my old roommate. Usually when I meet up with my old college friends we like to re-live our college days i.e we like to drink a lot. Now in the past we never end up going to "nice" lounges, but as it was someones birthday we ended up stopping by after dancing the night away at 700 club. Once we get in the line, I hand the bouncer my ID. He looks at my ID, looks up at me and then refuses to let me in because "it is not me." Now being a little bit on the tipsier side of tipsy I immediately recite everything on my license with a little bit of sass rather than just showing him another ID or a credit card or something. He asked my friends what my name was and blah blah trying to verify that my license was actually me (btw I've never been told me ID was not me, even when I wasn't 21 and was using a fake...completely different story)
With some reluctance I finally am allowed in to this place however when I walked in there was something I tripped on (in my 5 inch heels) right near the door. Immediately the bouncer said I was too drunk and I couldnt get in. Yes, I was drunk but not to the point where I was sloppy or unable to control myself. I kindly told the bouncer that he should try wearing 5 inch heels. As I got escorted out by the officialness of this "wanna be new york place" I , without much mouthing off, I rested upon the side of the entrance waiting for my friends. This guy then threatened to call the cops. This is when I got pissed and refused to leave and told the guy to call the cops because I wasn't doing anything wrong. Im sorry if Im drunk do I lose my freedom of speech too? So what does he do? He rounds up a cop that is conveniently around the corner. The cop tells me to move and I asked her if I was doing anything wrong...I told her the situation (of course she doesnt care...shes just trying to do what she was told) oh but was I heated...so I refused to move. Anyways my stubbornness didnt result in anything and I eventually did leave after giving that dousche bag a piece of my mind.
I dont know if this was just an off day for this guy, but if all of the bouncers are as rude and disrespectful as him I would never EVER go back there in my life. Nor would I recommend this place (even though my friends that stayed said it was a blast). 
Being a woman of principle I have sat here and written out my lousy experience in hopes that their business will be effected. If the manager of this establishment reads this, consider hiring people that are more suitable for the job. Oh and if the guy, who is the sole reason Im writing this review, is reading this...fuck you.This is an awful place that restricts you from certain parts of the bar if you don't have a drink. I wasn't drinking so I ordered a soda and was asked to pay $5 for a coke. Just a coke. When I refused to pay I was harassed and kneed in the side by the owner and subsequently kicked out. Stay away.Worst night club to attend in Philadelphia.The service is horrible. The waitress overcharged us for our food and provided no explanation why. The food was not worth it. To top it all off they charge you for water. I will never go to this establishment again. If I could give it 0 Stars I would.the worst club/ bar whatever ive ever encountered everything is a scam. dont waste the money you work for to come here. the owner has no common sense and is a con artist. if i could give it negative zero stars i would.You wouldn't think it, but this place has amazing food.... great place for dinner... their sushi is phenomenal, great prices and just so fresh and delicious, and very aesthetically pleasing ... I've had many of their rolls, and I couldn't even pick a favorite.... The Yellowtail Ceviche is amazing... Tuna Tacos, amazing! Short Rib and Udon Noodle are soooo good... chicken quesadillas are another fave of mind... Service is great... I can't wait to be back in Philly to go to Vango for dinner...I had a generally good experience at Vango. The bouncer at the door on the Thursday night we went was very friendly. 
I do think their policy of not being able to go up to the skybar unless you buy a drink is silly, I did enjoy the skybar very much, so it might be worth it. The skybar is an open patio area outside the second floor of Vango. It's scattered with large beds topped with soft pillows for patrons to recline on. Although it was the middle of February and very cold that night, the standing patio flame heaters were very very effective in keeping us warm (although the heat didn't radiate low enough to our poor feet). 
The drinks were well made and the lounge was overall pretty upscale, from what I could see in the dark. We enjoyed ourselves as well as the drinks. I think we will definitely be coming back in warmer weather to enjoy the skybar again.Came here on a Thursday night for my bachelorette party. We hadn't made any reservations, but we walked right in with no cover and got a sofa on the rooftop. Beautiful view.  They gave us all free shots which was nice.  I had a great time!AVOID AT ALL COST!
I don't write reviews often, but this is by far one of the WORST bars/clubs in Philly. The cover is overpriced, the doorman is extremely disrespectful, the drinks are overpriced and weak, the security guards are violently rude, and there's not even enough room to dance! The only good thing I can say about this place is that the music was okay. With that being said I wouldn't advise anyone to waste their time or money going here. There are way better bars/club in center city like Opa, Time, Ladder 15, Down bar, Reserve really anywhere in cc is better than this place. Or you can try other neighborhoods like Old city, NoLibs, etc. So, if you enjoy having a good time I'd suggest avoiding this place at all cost!!!Second level is the best on a Friday night but Thursday after a few drinks enjoy the pole on the firstA friend and I went on a Saturday night upon the recommendations of two random guys near another hip-hop lounge.  Parking's a beast, but it's definitely a nice spot.  There's a mixed crowd.  The first floor had no cover, but there was a $10 charge to get to the hip-hop upstairs.  The first floor had a mix of top 40 and EDM.  
The second floor had a great hip-hop DJ, and the adjacent dance floor indoors was rather small.  Crowd seemed to be mid 20s to mid 30s.  There was a lot of open space outdoors on the rooftop, but a lot of sitting down, not much going on.  There just weren't enough guys in the house, and the decent ones there seemed to have brought dates, so this may be more of a BYOB (bring your own boo) affair.  Didn't have a drink there, so can't comment on that element.WORST Customer service in the city.  We read the reviews and thought that we might be treated a little better by getting bottle service....not the case.  Everyone, including the manager were rude and abrupt.  Brought us up the the "VIP Area" (which wasn't that special) and we sat there for 15 minutes before anyone even came over.  Service sucked so bad once they came over that we wound up leaving and sacrificing the deposit we had put on the bottle, it was that bad.  
The manager Dia, came up to us as we were leaving had the audacity to say, "It's because you can't afford it, right?".  I began to tell him that it was because of the horrible service and he LITERALLY turned his back on me while I was talking.  
Dia, the manager knew that we were at Vango to check it out because we were considering doing an event there with 40 people - and we still got awful service.  
Vango has a really nice piece of real estate, it's a shame that it's ruined by such terrible management.The policy is, you must purchase a drink in order to go up to the roof top. Security said Water is not an exception. That alone turned me off. Music was weak. Drinks were over priced.I was hesitant about coming here after reading some other reviews, but my husband bought a TravelZoo voucher for 2 cocktails and 3 small plates for the 2 of us.  Another couple friend of ours did the same, so the 4 of us gave it a shot last night.
I guess it depends on when you go here, but we must have lucked out. Our waitress was attentive, the drinks were strong and tasty (dry vodka martinis, dirty gin martinis, one of their special martinis), and the food was decent.  The scallops were well received, the calamari was a bit on the bland side but not bad (the dipping sauce was really good), the yellowtail and jalapeno roll had a nice heat to it, and the dragon and rainbow rolls were all pretty good as well.
None of us are club-type people, so we'd definitely never go on a Friday or Saturday, and if we were paying full price for the food I would have been a bit disappointed, but for what it was we left pleasantly surprised.Writing this review pains me.  I have been to Vango before and really got a great vibe from it.  Its chic, the music is great (although no madonna...what kind of DJ doesn't have madonna!?) and the multi levels + outdoor deck keep the A.D.Ders amused.   So I returned last night and my vibe was thrown a major curve ball.  It was a TUESDAY night, we were the only ones in there and we were feeling fun and order a  Prosecco for twelve dollar glass.  No problem.  Our friend was feeling like a baller so he's like there are three of us, it might make sense just to get the bottle...with the logic being, at twelve a glass, at most the bottle would be $100.  Forget logic.  The bottle was $200.  And if that wasn't tough to stomach, the automatic 20% gratuity they add on to it was.  $240 for a bottle of Prosecco is appalling (it retails for about $20 a bottle).   Had the bottle been delivered by an attractive waiter/ress while we are sitting on one of their plush couches then we could talk about 20% gratutity. Merely handing us the bottle while we are seated at the bar and having us refill our own glasses does not warrant 20% ESPECIALLY when the bottle is sold at 900% to cost.    I realize we are at fault for not looking at menu prices, but I honestly think that a good server would have been like hey, its actually more economical to buy by the glass.  I found that pretty crappy and sadly I'll be boycotting Vango and checking out G Lounge. O, yeah smoking is allowed at VANGO so it stinks.  Another reason to stay away.Yuck. Yuck Yuck Yuck.
Not only was the place filled with unattractive open-shirted greasy guys and scantily clad obnoxious girls, the management has apparently decided to ruin any good atmosphere on the first floor by requiring a line to get to the second level, leaving the first floor's dance area swarmed by two lines of anxioiusly waiting patrons. 
Once we arrived at the front of the line (yes, unfortunately, I waited in that line), the bouncer told my boyfriend, our DD that he had to have a drink in his hand to go upstairs. No room of beds is worth requiring our DD to pay $5 for a beer.
No thank you, Vango. There are plenty of other bars who welcome DD's with open arms.Good DJs plus overpriced drinks and arrogant staff (esp. rooftop bouncers) make this place just ok.  Ya gotta put up with alot for good music.Not sure why all the negative reviews, but we definitely did not have the same experience. Seriously EVERYTHING we ordered was amazing!
My mom and I went to dinner around 6:45 tonight (Thursday). We were greeted by a friendly, attentive waitress originally from the Ukraine. She was enthusiastic and helpful and offered many recommendations, which all turned out to be excellent. To start we ordered the seared scallops, the seafood vegetable spring rolls , and tuna sushi. As our main course we had the Pan Fried U-Don Japanese Noodle. And we finished with the Sweet Ginger Napoleon dessert (definitely recommend--made with a cheesecake mouse--never had anything like it!).
I heard about Vango through Restaurant.com and planned to use a gift certificate I bought. Unfortunately, I didn't realize I was supposed to bring the gift certificate printed out versus just pulling it up on my phone, but the manager made an exception and allowed the waitress to just take the certificate number while I emailed the actual certificate to the owner via my cell.
The place was pretty empty when we were there, so I cant' attest to what it's like when it's crowded, and the music (techno) seemed a bit off for dinnertime, but it wasn't overwhelming and didn't keep us from enjoying our meal. Also, another reviewer mentioned the place allows smoking but we didn't see or smell anything; however, like I said, it wasn't crowded, so not sure if they allow it or not. Hopefully they wouldn't on the 2nd floor, which is enclosed.
Well anyway, to sum up: In our experience, the food was phenomenal and the service was excellent. Really glad we went!
PS: My mom also just reviewed our meal tonight  on TripAdvisor, so if you see a similar review it's not spam just the other person in my party.Awful. Avoid at all costs.  Went here recently for a friend's bachelorette party, and it was totally gross.  The DJ played music that would have been a nice backdrop for a movie about someone going through a depressive episode in the 1980's.  And ohhhhh, the attitude.
To top it all off, credit card was charged to "hold a table".
If you are seeking an evening of mediodre greaseballs, bad drinks, the catching of potential STD's, and a shittastic soundtrack, hit it up!Let me start off by saying the bouncers are complete and total douchebags!! I've been here maybe 3 times, and each experience was ruined by obscenely obnoxious sorry excuse for "security". In fact, the wait staff also wasn't very friendly or helpful. Quite frankly, the service sucks (and that's putting it nicely) and the whole place gives off a very pretentious vibe...The food and drinks are overpriced (not that good) and the "amazing view of the city" is mostly the sides of very tall buildings. I'm pretty sure the only reason they are still frequented is because they are one of very few center city clubs with no cover charge at the door. Believe me, even that's not worth it!!!
All that being said, the space itself is lovely and romantic with good music, and it's a shame it's not run by someone who values their patrons!This place is awful. The drinks are watered down, the bartenders never smile, and the place is packed with creepy dudes trying to grind their dicks on you while you're standing at the bar waiting for a drink.I've been here a few times for drinks and just last night for center city sips. It's one of five rooftop bars in the city. So if you're looking to be on the roof this is a place to be... even if you're only view is up.I cannot claim to know what their food is like, so perhaps it's fab, although the reviewers that ate here didn't think so.  I say skip it and go somewhere where they want your business.  I found that they didn't want mine!  We called, were told that we didn't need reservations, then were told that there was a 3 hour wait when we showed up a few hours later. I'm sure it wasn't true.  I'm absolutely certain we were told there was a 3 hour wait because we had our 13 year old son in tow.  He loves sushi, and it's perfectly legal to bring a child into a bar in Philly, but that made us 'undesirable'.  Had they been nice about it it would have been a non-issue, but they couldn't have been more rude!Well, well, well...
Yeah...
You see...
I am a fan of rooftop settings, mainly for the view alone. Philadelphia has a great skyline, so it would make sense to try to enjoy it from the rooftop of a nice establishment, no? About that...
I did not expect to hear a fake Funkmaster Flex/DJ Scoop/Just Blaze/DJ Clue spin horrible Top 40 crap while "grenades" worked a pole that for some reason, was placed very close to the bar. I didn't really enjoy my drink, and not because it was the wrong order or watered down. With the incessant thumping coming from below, it was hard to focus on the liquor. It also didn't help that the view I came for was obscured by some weird white sheet/divider/barricade that I assume was put up because someone fell from the rooftop or at the very least came close. 
It's possible that on another night, with a better DJ, Vango is a nice experience. But, who the hell comes to a spot with a rooftop when they can't really see much?! No one with a fully-functioning brain, that's who, I tells ya. I, myself, will never come back unless I'm paid a handsome amount. And that's the end of that wack ass chapter...This was a terrible experience in many levels. Booked a party of 25 people for finger food and drinks. The agreement was to have an open bar for 2 hours and to serve 5 small plates. There was no contract signed which was my fault. Once people showed up some were forced to buy a drink from the bar before sent to the party. This money was not refunded. They served us 3 instead of 5 appetizers. We had agreed to use the rooftop. There was no heating and it eventually got chilly. I asked for a refund on the number of missing people and I was told that this was not possible either. Do not go there.I dont care what people think of vango. but a place that gives free well-drinks for an hour deserves my attention. 
Sure it was a bit awkward that it was empty, awkward, and nothing was happening, and I felt bad for the waitresses who wore uncomfortable outfits (they confirmed that assumption btw). but STILL. I. GOT. FREE. DRINKS. and I would come back to it again just because of that. (and so you can see where my priorities are).The only thing that I enjoyed about Vango was its roof bar, and maybe watching a group of girls make a fool of themselves dancing on/around/with the pole. 
The appetizer was mediocre at best.Atmosphere: Smoky. Eugh. However, they do have a pretty sweet postmodern chandelier, and no cover charge. Draw.
Clientele: Your average Van-goer is an early 30s European expat with slicked-back hair and a too-tight T-shirt. And he really wants to dance. With you. :(
Music: Vango has a rotating "menu" of DJ nights. Sadly, their current Saturday night guy plays a safe (read: boring) house mix. Your iTunes Party Shuffle could outspin this guy.
Drinks: Mixed drinks cost about $7. We had some tasty Kamikazes... except they were mostly lime juice. Oh, and good luck finding a bartender!
In conclusion: We actually had a fair bit of fun, once we made dodging skeevy guys to the reptitive beats into a game. But we wouldn't go back, unless a really sweet DJ was playing.there was good music.. not very much dance space.. and apparently to get to the 2nd floor you needed to have a drink.. which is typically not a problem for us .. but we had had a ton of fun drinking earlier.. and just wanted to dance.. the scene was pretty diverse.. it was an interesting place..I feel like in the summer that sky lounge could be sweet.. I mean.. it's not a place I'd make my final destination from what I saw.. but I wouldn't be totally opposed to going there again..Vango seems to not know what to do with itself. 
The entryway exterior seems far more exotic -- which doesn't match the completely dark stairway into a completely dark area with a wall full of booze cut-outs backlit from floor to ceiling, a strange series of archways made of lattice, a bar, and a strippin' pole.
Our server was attentive -- we were ready to tip well, even though we came equipped with a Travelzoo Voucher for 4 drinks/3 small plates or sushi.
Here's the kicker --- we got charged 18% gratuity automatically, and tax on the full cost of our order. 
We ate like kings, and had a great time -- but seriously? Who DOES that with vouchers? The sushi was okay - but I'm convinced that one of our seafood items still had SCALES on it, because it felt like something was stab-scratching my mouth when I took a bite. Sushi was good -- but not served very cold. I had a great night - but I'm ready to credit my good company rather than the setting.
The drinks were all right. One my friend ordered tasted like Robitussin....
And as always --
The bathroom looked like something out of a dive bar -- which went with the theme of Vango not knowing what to do with itself. It was also kind of gross -- and my friend's hands nearly got burned because the water was so hot (this almost happened to me - but I opted for hand sanitizer when steam was visible after activating the sink)
I'm glad I found the OpenTable link on Yelp because their website tries to make you give a $25 deposit for a reservation!!!Our server was awkward and rude and the wings tasted like microwaved plastic. Rooftop is quite ordinary in my opinion.If your gonna go here you need to reserve the rooftop. You get your own server and personnel space. 
ONLY WAY TO GO AT VANGOAwful! Went on a Friday night, the service was AWFUL and the bartenders were beyond rude. 
1)I asked the bartender how to go about ordering food because there is a seating area with tables and my friend and I wanted to sit down and dine. The bartender practically thew the menu at me and then rolled her eyes as if I had asked an unbelievably dumb question.
2) I ordered my food and when I asked to be seated since there was no room at the bar, another bartender said it was "too bad" that I couldn't find a seat at the bar. I asked to be seated at a table and was practically yelled at because i sat down at the table before the waitress sat me.
3)I ordered the sweetie pie drink and the grilled octopus. It took 20 mins to get my food and when it arrived, it was cold and the octopus was gross (too fishy tasting as if it weren't fresh). I told my waitress this and she argued with me that my food wasn't cold. I asked to speak to a manager because she wouldn't let me take it off my tab. He too wouldn't take it off, but allowed me to change my order. I ordered the pork dumplings, waited almost 20 mins yet again, when they arrived the dipping sauce cup was empty, and it took me forever to flag down the waitress who by this time was avoiding me.They were okay, but 4 dumplings are NOT worth the $12 I paid for them.  -____-  I cant comment on the dancing environment or rooftop because I was so appalled by the service that I left as soon as I paid. 
I give this place 1 star only because my drink was tasty and the booths at the dining table were comfortable. lol I will NEVER go back. The lounge itself is very nicely set up, too bad the service sucks and they don't have a dress code.Drinks are overpriced, but the music is good. I didn't understand why we had to buy a drink in order to go up to the rooftop. Contrary to what other reviews have said, our server was really nice. Security was super hostile for no reason. Would I go back? Ehh, maybe but it's not at the top of my list.Vango is one of the nicest venues in city.  As soon as we got there we needed to purchase a cocktail to go upstairs which was interesting, but totally worth it.  Once we got upstairs it was truly an unbelievable experience.  The food was amazing and the drinks were delicious.  I have to admit...I was a little hesitant to go there based on some of the negative comments on yelp, but i would recommend this place to anyone.  5 Stars all the way!Stay away from this place..Bouncer or whatever was extremely rude to my friends and I..i wish i could give zero thats how trash this place is..Never again.My friend and I are visiting Philly from out of town and I really wanted to check out the nightlife scene. I was recommended Vango, so then I check it out for myself on Yelp and the reviews were not the most pleasing. However the pics of the rooftop it really what made me want to go. When it comes to clubs and lounges I know not to have high expectations. What website did not state whether are not if there was a cover at the door. I was prepared just in case. So the cover is $10 for ladies, not sure for men. Once inside it wasn't even crowded yet, and it was still hard to orders for drinks. Once the waitress finally came to the table I asked her if we can split the cost for the hookah and have separate checks for the drinks and food. She said that she could do it. Well that was not the case. In fact she could not do anything right so we had to split the check down the middle. The drinks were watered down and over the price. So we were trying to finish the hookah because it was expensive as hell, after that we're trying to head up to the rooftop but was deny access. The bouncer said it was because they close it at 1:30 and I was ok with that, but then 2 women walked right pass me up to the roof. I just wanted to take a pic for Instagram. At this once I was OVER it and wanted to leave. I made sure to say I was going to leave a bad review so the owner cause here. It place was WACK. I won't be going back.So, I've stopped going here. Its just too crowded. The crowd is changing too. It used to be an eclectic mix of people, no lame wanksters, gangsters, and tanning salon addicts...I'm not one condone over the top snobbery. I'm not in favor of d-bag door people like the ones you find in NYC. But the more I go out, the more I understand the a-hole door rules. The decor is important, but the most important aspect of keeping a club or lounge relevant and decent is maintaining the vibe. Vango has lost its vibe. There should be a real dresscode, there should always be more girls let in than guys, there should be a high ratio of hot girls. When you try to accomodate everyone, the place becomes lame. If you are looking for a chill place to take your girl, or a cool place to pick up girls, Vango is no longer the spot.Omg! What a NIGHTMARE!! Had I known or seen the reviews I would have NEVER gone to this place. This place is absolutely dirty and in need of repairs. There was a BIG hole in the girls bathroom and there was paper everywhere. The staff was rude and the rules are ridiculous! I had to buy a drink (every time) just to go up to the sky bar, and there were no exceptions. I tried explaining to the rude and miserable "guards" that I was the groups dd but he didn't care. If I could give this place a minus one I would. And they actually charge a cover to go in! Omg really to stand in this filthy environment. Gross.I give the bouncer 5 stars ! He was really great. Probably the only great thing about this place. Vango like most hookah establishments is over priced and not even willing to accommodate people. First they told myself and others they didn't  take cards without a chip .. which I feel is completely asinine as everyone doesn't have a card with a chip. Also the drinks are way over priced and pretty watered down. 
Probably won't go back.They wouldn't let me in because I had a NY state ID. Apparently they only accept Philadelphia issued IDs. I fail to understand this policy but yeah I wouldn't advise going here if you come from outta townWe went here to use a TravelZoo voucher - the first time we walked in there was no one at any of the tables or bar, yet we asked for a table and were told there were none. 
The second time we made a reservation - only to be told when we got there that they had our reservation, but not the date?  Eventually we got a table on the roof deck (after ordering a drink). The food was ok, the drinks were ok, the waitress and hostess tried to make up for the shortcomings, but unfortunately this place is a douche magnet trying to attract Euro Trash when all they were attracting were middle aged couples using a Travel Zoo voucher.  I won't be going back, which is unfortunate because I do love a good roof deck.This place is so pretty, and yet so disgusting at the same time. The music was good. That's about it. The service was nonexistent. I spoke to 2 servers on the roof about getting a hookah. One darker skinned woman with long braids, and another fair skinned woman with dark brown hair. Both of them had the worst attitudes which I didn't understand cause they weren't working hard enough to feel busy? I asked if we could get a hookah brought to our table of 4 women.. they agree, but then over the next hour I watched them walk back and forth in their section without acknowledging us. Ok, cool I'll spend my money at the bar because the bartender on the roof was actually really sweet and I saw her serving tables when the two dinkleberries were off doing God knows what. A group of guys came over to join us with their hookah and now all of a sudden these girls are tending to our table. Even still they never brought us our own hookah that I had asked for. Never againThis is a decent place for a rooftop bar.  Not a massive fan of the view, nor am I a fan of the snotty bartenders.Place is full of regret.  You pay cover, drinks just to see the rooftop, and dealing with the staff wear underwear dresses.  Worse place.  Drinks overprices and horrible. Bad service.  Loud and bouncers are rude.  Dont go or you will regret.salsa is great on mondays. it's a nice fancy environment, but it's pricy. I recommend this place if you are learning salsa, you will find people to practice with.The worst customer service. The security is super aggressive and tries to put hand physically on customers. They force customer to get intoxicated by making them purchase high priced drinks to roam the club. They make up admission prices even on nights when it's supposed to be free.Been here twice for happy hour. Dead both times. Also the food wasn't great. Drinks in plastic glasses. I wasn't feeling it here at all. Too expensive to be cutting corners with things like plastic glasses.I have to admit the roof is not as pretty as I thought it would be when compared to The Corner and Continental. It's also pretty small and the seating of the white sofas makes it hard to converse with your friends unlesd you turn your head because everyone is facing different directions.I wish I could give this place negative stars! We decided to come here because we didn't want to go to a club and wanted something a little more relaxed. We wanted to enjoy the company of our girfriends, drinks, and hip hop. What we received was attitudes from our waitress even though we were the only ones getting drinks in her section. She added an extra 20% for her tip even though we were tipping her 20% already! They should have been happy we even stepped into this spot. Not going to mention the creeps here harassing us non stop.My boyfriend and I went to Vango last night. Since it was a rainy Tuesday night near the end of February, and we got there around 8, we were the only patrons for the first 45 minutes of our meal, which was cool. We liked their interior design, the ambience was nice. The food was good; we had pan seared scallops, short ribs that fell off the bone, tasty spider rolls and the drinks were delicious and well-mixed (I had the Sweetie Pie, he had the Zombie). Although the Skybar was closed due to the weather, our lovely server Monica took us upstairs and let us check it out. She even took an awesome picture of us on my phone. 
Overall, we had a great time. Good food, great service, nice space. We'll definitely go back in the spring.Disclaimer: This review is based exclusively on the bar, music, and drinks. I've never eaten there before.
The good: Roof deck (they have beds!), mixed crowd, two music options (at least when I went). The decor on the lower level is kinda cheesy, but I thought it was cool. It's right above Byblos as well, so interchange is easy. Most importantly, there wasn't a cover charge.
The Bad: The drinks are horrible AND expensive; cocktails and well drinks alike. The waitresses were a little on the unfriendly side, and there was way too much smoke involved... in and out.
I'll probably never eat here... not because I don't want to try it, but I'm never be in the area during reasonable hours, and I don't like to eat with house music damaging my eardrums.Wish I could give this place no stars. The worst bar I've ever been to. Firstly, there is a cover to get in. It's a bar not a club. Smh. Then you go in apparently if you want to get to the roof you have to buy an overpriced watered down drink. You get to the roof and it's not even worth going up there. There is no music on the roof, just loud noise from the city life. The first floor bar only has 6 stools and no other seating besides what I thought were 6 dining tables you could eat at but apparently not, it's for VIP only and cost $200 to even sit down. The security was so rude, I tried to step right outside the door to take a phone call and they said I couldn't get back in unless I pay another cover, even though I already regrettably paid the first time and he saw me just walk out the door. The shots taste like juice I don't even think there was any alcohol in the bottle it was so watered down for $20 smh. I will never come here again. It's like they are desperate for money I was scared to go to the bathroom it might of been a fee for that too. And it was 1130pm and only 40 people max. Music was blah. The place wasnt even popping enough to demand so much.I've seen, what I assumed was a restaurant, Vango Lounge and Skybar listed on Opentable. The pictures provided showed a swank atmosphere and the menu leaning towards an Asian tapas theme. I decided to try something new and give Vango a chance after finding what seemed to be an awesome deal on Travelzoo - 4 beverages and 3 appetizers or sushi. 
I was a little surprised to see the place empty upon arrival - 6pm on a Wednesday - but when I saw only 8 tables against a wall, a stripper pole in the center of the room, and Foursquare had it listed as a night club I understood. 
Apparently Vango offers happy hour specials between 5-7pm which made the use of our Travelzoo offer impractical - all small plates (appetizers) and sushi were 1/2 off - but as we don't make it to the city too often we decided to use it anyway.
Over all the atmosphere and experience was pleasant. Our waitress was attentive and knowledgeable, and the food was delicious; however, the cocktails were super strong which made them unpleasant for me.
I'm not sure how this place is as a night club, but if you are looking for a quiet place to dine on a weeknight you should come check this place out.Great lounge/ bar with good ambiance and great music. Also one of the few places around Rittenhouse with outdoor and view to the skylight.Love this place for dancing & drinks when the female bartenders aren't being bi***'s,,,and sometimes the other patrons can be very rude this one little girl spilled drinks on me and a friend because her husband was being a prick and stareing,we resolved it but I didn't expect that being as tho we had loads of fun and no drama the first couple times we went.Bad sushi eqals food poisoning! This place served us hands down the worst sushi we have ever had. It was disappointing considering that sushi dishes make up over half their menu.
Not great service in the early evening but that's more or less to be expected considering this is a night club. 
The roof lounge area was nice. We were told by the bar keep down stairs that to gain access to the roof we had to purchase a drink from the bar. Ok, no problem. We were a bit confused by the five dollars per person we were then charged after our meal for being up there. If your going to have a cover charge you need to be up front with it!
We were really trying to enjoy this venue but there is no way we would ever recomend this place to anyone. If you do go then stay away from the sushi!We came across a silent event at Vango and had a blast! The music, the views from the sky bar, definitely added to the experience.  If you have a chance to head to one of these events hosted at Vango once a month, GO, club nights will never be the same!This place is TRASH! Music is terrible and everyone is just on their phone. If you want to have a good time, do NOT go there. They charge $20 cover for men and $10 for women. There is also an automatic 20% gratuity for horrible service. You will have fun going anywhere else in the city.A friend and I decided to do something different and drive down to Philly for New Year's Eve. After getting the names of a few places from friends, I chose to go here because when I called they said they'd be playing Hip-Hop and R&B all night.  I was really hesitant after all of the negative reviews but I made a good choice. The crowd was mature, the music was good just as they had said and overall had a nice time. The bar was a bit crowded which is to be expected being that they sold packages which included drinks but other than that I have no complaints. Nice decor, good drinks, and ok food.Good drinks. Cover charge on Fridays and Saturdays which is a bummer. Mandatory drink purchase in order to go upstairs. Pretty view of the sky of downtown Philly on the rooftop. Music was cool. Decent night out.I don't have much to say that's different from the others. Food was mediocre and overpriced, and the drinks tasted awful and were also overpriced. We used the travel zoo deal that others had bought. We went up to the rooftop which had gross couches, no view, and smelled like cigar smoke from the one other creepy guy conducting a business deal up there. There was absolutely no one else here for dinner, which should give you a good indicator. The decor looks nice in there, but it's not worth it. Don't bother.My 4 star review is because me and my husband had the roof to ourselves. The view and lighting was perfect we got to lounge on a very comfortable bed like seating. We went on a Sunday night obviously not too many people there. Downstairs at the bar there was a few people, but we had the sky bar to ourselves, which to me was perfect. Drinks are overpriced, music was bad, and there is a stripper pole in the middle of the dance floor, needless to say this would not be my scene on a busy night. The rooftop is small so I can imagine it wouldn't be enjoyable on a busy night. Overall it was lovely place to relax with a drink on a Sunday night.I admit i think the whole skybar thing is pretty cool, but I never seem to have fun when I'm here. I dont know what it is. Another thing is that the last time I was here, it smelled like someone stepped on dog crap and walked around the whole place with it. I wanted to throw up.Vango is a fantastic place to go if you're looking to lose weight through the process of starvation and if you like to be waited on by incompetent assholes. 
I'm not sure what took 20 minutes to make a vodka soda or how 6 microscopic pieces of sushi equates to $13. Luckily, in my baffled state of mind, the server was kind enough to offer to bring a calculator & recalculate my tab in front of me when she initially did it incorrectly. How thoughtful! 
This place is seriously prestigious & exclusive. Be sure you buy a ridiculously overpriced drink downstairs behind the judgmental DOORMAN to go upstairs to the packed rooftop. When I went we almost weren't allowed up it was so full-- three people were up there!  The servers up there were just so pleasant & their bitchy resting faces really made me feel welcome. 
Next time I want to gulp down some delicious & expensive air I'll be sure to stop by!Worst service ever! Been waiting for over 30 minutes! No drink no nothing been standing at bar!  DO NOT GO HERE! So I paid 10.00 which is not a big deal but I deserved a refund!I went yesterday drinks and food were great. Loved the decor I will return.One more update! Do you really want to spend your money at a place where the owner gets on Yelp to call his customers a liar? That is in fact what has happened as I did submit a receipt (over a month ago) and the owner has not returned my email. Please continue reading the reviews for this place and read how disrespectful the owner is to people who criticize his establishment.  There are WAY better ways to spend your hard earned money.They place has the makings to be great. I only go lonely Tuesdays to support a friend who helps to give lessons thee. Yesterday was my first eating there. The food was good but a bit pricey. The drinks were pricey but not anything to rave about. Telhe rooftop bar is a site to see and does give a limited skyline view. Overall 3.5 starsThe 1st floor has the restaurant, bar, and dance floor that has DJ playing techno music. No cover charge. The 2nd floor is a $10 cover with the sky lounge, bar, and dance floor with a DJ that plays hip-hop top 20 (some old school).
My experience in Vango came with a very crowded attendees, rude bartenders, and the DJs that needs a new playlist. The Skybar lounge was the highlight of this place; this is the only club I've been to with the most beautiful view of the Philly Skyline. The Dance floor; both top and and bottom were very crowded, and all i can say is good luck trying to get through it.Okay, the seafood pan-fried udon wasn't exactly pan-fried; rather, it was cooked in an oyster sauce, but it was still pretty good.  It came with shitake mushrooms, peppers, carrots, onions, 3 large shrimp, and 3 large scallops.  Just not what I had expected.  The sushi is pretty subpar.  The rice on our salmon avocado and eel avocado rolls was crunchy and hard, and the seaweed very tough.  The calamari salad was decently sized but the sesame vinaigrette was a bit too oily for my taste.  The calamari was okay.  We had a restaurant.com certificate, which made for a very inexpensive meal.  Otherwise, the prices are decent and portions pretty good.  Service was friendly although it didn't stand out in any way.I'm giving 4-stars for decor and music on a lazy Sunday afternoon.  My Sunday martini special was just so-so.  Most martinis I drink have me a little buzzed half way through (and let's be honest folks, that's why we imbibe) but I didn't get that effect at all from this drink, at any point.  I didn't have any food.  Because we arrived on a rainy Sunday when Vango opened at 5pm, we had the place to ourselves.  We left after an hour and still no one there so I don't know anything about Sunday clientele.
However, the place is really cool!  Music was oldies but it was cute for a Sunday afternoon.  The "chandelier" over the bar is amazingly beautiful.  Booths are set up but I don't know the protocol on those.  It's very dark.  Upstairs was outside so more light during daytime, but the floor was really slippery after going outside to check out the "beds."  Looks like a fun time to be had if you are there later on in the evening.Besides all the drama that happened to me and my friends that night, we went to Vango and I don't think they charge cover since we didn't pay one.  I can't tell you the costs of the drinks since they were paid for.  The first floor had hip hop music and the upstairs had more alt music but was nice to be on the rooftop.  I can only say thank you to all the guys who tried to help us out that night NYC ladies thank you.This place is trying (and failing) to be a NYC club in philadelphia, but that's just not our style. I came here for "it's your birthday thursday" where they give you a free cake and bottle of "champagne". What they don't tell you is that there's a $25 deposit to reserve said cake and champange. Anyway, we got there at 10, and there was NO ONE there. Maybe one other person, but it was weird. 
I was with a group of about 6 people and we sat in one of the groups of couches against the wall. Our waitress came up and asked if she could get us something to drink before she brought us our cake and champagne in about an hour. Not so sure why we had to wait, but ok. I browsed the menu and ordered the cheapest thing - a beer - all of which were bottled and $6. After about an hour she did bring out the cake and champagne, with sparklers attached which was a nice touch. We were surprised that the cake was about the size of a loaf cake, and it was decent. After we finished the champagne, they told us we could get our deposit off the bill or she could give us a check, and we took the check. It was shady, but at least we got our money back. More people showed up as it got later, but you could tell most of it was for the birthday deal. I will not be back - this place was weird.This bar is not worth your money. They make you buy a drink before heading upstairs and if you book a table, the service is awful.I was out and about in the city and decided I wanted to just chill and dance a little. This place served its purpose. Its a Nice atmosphere, there were a bunch of college kids on the roof top but they didnt spoil my night. All in all a good time.Went here on a Saturday during the day as the sun was setting in late April.  Didn't get the full after dark ambiance or view, but it was pretty cool up there nonetheless.  
That day they were pretty hardcore about forcing you to buy a drink at the downstairs bar before you are allowed up.  Even if you are not drinking like the driver in our party you have to buy bottled water.  For beers all they had was a handful of domestic and common imported bottle for $6.  No drafts or specials that day as advertised.  
Order some food and cocktails as part of the travel zoo deal after getting up there.  The apps were small portions as to be expected and didn't really standout.  The sauce on the calamari was awesome though and arguably the best part.  The POP Martini I got seemed to be significantly water down, would have never paid $14 for the thing, but I guess it gets more clubby/loungy after dark and then can get away with it.  Other than the roof deck which pales in comparison to other cities (such as Bangkok), the placed should be easily overlooked.Upon entrance you could see the dust bunnies on the wall. Also, the random placement of Vodka bottles on the wall make this place a club, not a restaurant. There was no hostess and when a waitress did finally approach us she told us to just sit anywhere (with attitude). After being seated, we immediately sank into the couch that was covered in rips and tears. The disgusting velvet wall covering was covered in dust and had holes, giving off a really skeezy feeling. 
The menus were sticky and covered in someone else's dinner from yesterday. The drinks were absurdly over priced and our glass of wine came in a plastic cracked glass. A domestic beer was about $7. Once we ordered, the restaurant clearly did not understand that concept of "appetizers"  as all of our dishes were served in one big heap, which tok about 20-25 minutes. 
One person got a cheeseburger which was terrible, no condiments, i.e. Lettuce, tomato etc. I am pretty sure that everything we ordered, burger, calamari and edamame were all frozen. The Tuna in our sushi was almost black from oxidation. The food was disgusting!!! 
The music was blaring at 6pm and wildly inappropriate for any attempt of attracting a dinner crowd. The servers clearly were there to party in their mini dresses and with no intent to serve their customers. Our service was slow and we saw about 4 different faces during our one hour experience. We were also the only people eating dinner at that time, so being busy was not an excuse. 
The waitress brought our check and then came back with a revised check because she made a $4 mistake on the first bill. We also were charged a 20% gratuity on a bill of less than $50 and for only TWO PEOPLE! 
Needless to say, this place was incredibly disappointing and even with a Groupon I would never go back.Owners are very rude, no customer service. The only thing going for this bar is the sky bar and it has limited space.Staff very unprofessional!!!! Do not recommend that spot there are plenty of other places in philly with good customer service and better food & drink!Bouncers, who are also owners are rude and uneducated pigs who don't give a damn about their customers.  Royal waste of time and money.  Avoid!!!! I hope this business will go under.I could have sworn I wrote a review for this place but I guess it slipped my mind. Which leads us to the 2 star review. Everyone has already said what my experience was but I'll just add my two cents.
Why we left a perfectly good place to come here will always haunt me in my dreams. We got there about 12:30ish on a Saturday and the line wasn't too bad but once we got in it was way too crowded on the inside. I HATE not being able to move, LITERALLY MOVE, in a club. Since getting to the downstairs bar wasn't going to happen we made a quick turn to try and go upstairs...it HAD to be more room up there. Well I wouldn't know because the bouncer said we had to by a drink to even LOOK at the stairs.(Maybe LOOK is an over exaggeration but you get my point). Trying to explain that there is a 100% chance that I will buy a drink upstairs just to get out of this sweaty mass of hair gel and shiny shirts will get you no where. And honestly, why the F did I even HAVE to explain that. You know what? You were going to get a 2 star review until i remembered how DUMB a policy that was. Now we are down to 1.
Now I know the owner tends to get in little quips about people not reviewing this spot well, but don't even think about it until you can explain to me how you came up with such a dumb ass rule.we made reservation new years eve paid 120.00 when we get there we have to order more than 300 per bottle wisky we didnt have enough money they kick us out no refund women work there not nice at all even owner was very rude place not even nice at all please don't go they are horribleFrom the moment we walked in we was treated good during their Saturday day party. We had a very fun waitress who was very responsive and engaging with us. The music was good and the atmosphere was even better. I enjoyed myself.I came here on a Wednesday evening so it was nice and quiet. The decor has been the same for at least 8 years but it is clean! The 90's throwback music was fun. Waitresses checked on us frequently, but then again it was slow at the time. We ordered the hummus which wasn't bad but the hookah had cheap coals which didn't help smoke up well. It was a bit pricy but considering we had the whole place to ourselves for most of the night I'd say it was worth it and great for a weeknight out.I would give them 0 stars if I could. Worst place ever! They do not allow re-entry you must pay $10 to get back in if you leave. My friends ended up leaving because I refused to pay to get back in. Have fun. Not! Stay away. terrible business.I should preface my review by saying that Vango is definitely not a place to go on a dinner date.  I bought a Living Social voucher for $40 worth of food not realizing that this is actually more a nightclub type place.  Arrived around 6:00 and seeing as there are no tables (only couches), my boyfriend and I sat down at the bar to order dinner/drinks.  This would prove to be a problem later...
The food was actually very good.  We ordered hummus and grilled octopus for appetizers which I thought were both really tasty and very cheap.  We had sushi for dinner and my boyfriend actually said the spider roll was one of the best he'd ever had.  
Unfortunately when I told the bartender I wanted to use my voucher, she said we couldn't use it because we sat at the bar instead of at one of the tables, again, there really were not tables as much as sofas!  I also should mention, we were the ONLY two customers and a guy who appeared to be the girl's manager was sitting right on the other side of the bar.  While I appreciated that the bartender was apologetic, I thought she could have at least asked her manager to help us out a little, maybe take one of our drinks off the check, but she did not.
I wouldn't go back there for dinner, but the place looked like it might be a good spot for a girls night out.The bartender was amazing! She's a great conversationalist and was able to get everyone at the bar to talk to each other. The reason why I'm giving 4 stars is because the "glassware" was plastic and the bar stools were very heavy to scoot in. There was no foot rest at the bottom of the bar so your feet were just dangling. I'd definitely go back in the summer to see the rooftop!I went here recently and I had no problem getting in. Downstairs was so crowed. I had to get a drink to go on the second floor. It was tight up there but not like the first floor. The music was good. Then I went outside and I was like "Finally!!!!" I sat on that bed chair and pulled that heater close to me. That heater was my best friend all night and I claimed it all night. All my friends followed me and we partied outside. We had a lot of fun!I generally don't like to hang out in bars that:
a) appear to be sponsored by Grey Goose with the 30 or so bottles mounted on the walls with lights behind them. (don't get this confused with the fact that I like bars that feed me Grey Goose...two different things).
b) pour a gin and tonic that tastes like my toilet water and pillages my wallet.
c) have big macho douchebag bouncers.
So incase you didn't realize it, I give this place  an F.Went on a sat night around midnight. Place was pretty packed. Took 10 minutes to wait in line to get upstairs. WHO WAITS IN LINE TO GET TO THE ROOFTOP? I was tipsy enough not to care & was fixated on the fact that the drinks were cheap and strong.  Once we got up there, I really liked it. Cute attempt at being a NYC rooftop, I'll give it that.  There's a VIP section with beds which I liked.
Crowd very mixed, not pushy. I enjoyed it.I think people have so many bad things to say about this place because they come on here, read the overreactions, and then go to Vango just expecting to be disappointed. Any place you go to depends on what you make of it yourself!
It's a nice place but with really EXPENSIVE drinks. Which is why I never stay long, but it's a good place to stop by. I went on a Friday and all beers were $6 - which in my terms could be an entire six pack. I had a bit of a problem with the bartenders charging $6 for a beer that really only  rings up $5.50 on the register. I guess they just force a tip upon you? I know it's just 50 cents, but that right there alone made me not want to tip her respectfully.
I don't see why so many people complain about the line to go upstairs, its a safety regulation and without them controlling it, it would be jam packed and unsafe. The rooftop is really refreshing although it's a short building, so you're not really getting too much of a view. It does have a bathroom though, which always calms me down because I'm such an old lady. That way I know I can throw back a few drinks without having to go crazy trying to get to a bathroom.
The bouncers have always been chill towards me and it's always a pretty good time. Is this my favorite place? Not at all, but I do think it's underrated.Another fun Philly spot. Comming from NYC, they had a hard act to follow.  The food is delicious, and they play great music. 
 THere's an outdoor area where you can socialize without competing with loud music.Always been a fan of vango, been there a handful of times and had fun majority of the time. Nice chilling place downstairs, upstairs has a nice dance floor and during summertime the outside gets popping also. I'd reccomend this place for ages 21-26.This was the worst dining experience I've EVER had in my ENTIRE life.  Let me start off by saying I was a Groupon customer.  
We made a reservation for 7:30pm at the skybar (outside) and we got seated INSIDE at 9pm!!!  And the place wasn't even crowded.  It was a beautiful Tuesday night, and the skybar wasn't  even open.  So we got drinks at the bar while waiting for eternity.  Afterwards, they told us our Groupon couldn't be used at the bar.  #1 it doesn't say that on the Groupon, and I told them I had one when we sat down, and #2 DID YOU WANT US TO STAND THERE FOR AN HOUR AND 30 MINUTES?!!?  We had to remind them we had a reservation twice. 
Once we were finally seated, we were informed since our drinks were $15 each, they weren't covered because the Groupon was only for $14 drinks.  I demanded we pay the difference (OF ONE DOLLAR), they said no, then came back and said yes and acted like they were doing US a favor.  
The food came out pretty quick.  It was OK.  Honestly, the sushi rolls were small compared to prices and other sushi experiences I've had.  The sushi just wasn't that fresh either.
We were so excited to leave until they couldn't even split the check though they took both of our cards away and said they could.  If you don't like Groupon customers, then don't DO Groupon.  
It was a horrible experience from the moment we walked into the door when no one greeted us and we just stood there like hmmm how do we get a table?  
I can't even imagine how bad service is when they're crowded if they can't even handle 7 tables.  I would never ever come back here for any amount of money.I have such a love-hate relationship with Vango. Friends of mine DJ there about once a month, so I have been there over 10 times. I always order the Yellowtail jalapeno sushi, which is completely addictive. But come midnight, the place is dominated by that horrible line waiting to go to the Skybar. Most people hang by the bar or in line and act as if they don't understand the concept of dance music. It's for dancing, people. 
But I have to give credit to Vango for booking DJ's who play quality melodic and progressive house music. So, I'll keep going back as long as my friends DJ there.
Added edit- In February 2010, I saw my friend Jake (Jake Henry) spin and the crowd was completely into it. There was no awful line to go upstairs. It was amazing to see a crowd of people grooving to the music. I am reminded that sometimes a DJ can capture a crowd and there isn't a way to predict an amazing night from a meh one. So I am upgrading my review to 3 stars.
Also, I am reminded that if you want to go dancing, simply get on the dancefloor and do it. Often people will join you.Went here on a Wednesday for Center City sips. Their beer for the special is Coors light. What is great about the place is the roof area. It was great to be outside on a nice night and it was not too crowded. There are 2 seater little tables around the side of the deck and beds...that's right, beds for people to lounge on. Makes you wonder if anything has every gone down on those beds after a few drinks. Anyhow, would love to come here on a weekend to see what the scene is like.Been here and it sucks. Owner/Manager is rude. You pay to get in. Then they want you to have a drink in your hand to access the rooftop but I already had a drink before. I've been around the U.S. for nightlife and this is the most ridiculous thing I've ever heard. The roof isn't even nice. They are greedy and lack customer care. The drinks are alright too. Nothing special. Just a waste of time and money.Just be careful here.......
I went here after getting a travelzoo voucher the beginning of May. It seemed like a good deal. I wanted to make sure that I had a spot on the roof so I reserved a table for 4. I had to put down a $25 deposit to reserve a table but was told it would be credited to my bill.
When we got there they MADE us buy a drink just to go upstairs even though we had reservations. This was not stated on the voucher or their website and I find this very strange.  The roof top deck is nice but nothing special.
The drinks were ok but the bartender and waitress can't make anything right that is not on the menu. Example, I ordered an orange vodka Cosmo and I got orange vodka on the rocks. I had to ask for cranberry juice on the side. If you do go, order wine or a drink from their menu since that's all they seem to know how to make.  Also they serve the drinks in plastic glasses. I know its a roof-top bar but plastic glasses?????
The food is not bad but not worth it in my opinion.
They also add a "service charge" to the bill which is 20% of the original bill.  I always tip 20% and would have no problem with it had we actually had good service.  It took our waitress 20 mins just to take our drink order and there were only 2 other tables there.  Another 25 mins for our food order and we had to flag her down to get the bill.
My real problem with this is place is that they never credited my account the $25. Since then I have called and left a message with an actual person to have the manger call me and I still have not heard back.  I even tried to go through Paypal to have it credited but they said to go through the merchant.  I even stopped by when I was in the city one night to speak with the manger and of course, he wasn't there.
This place has potential but I will NEVER go back because itI went to Vango on a friday night for drinks.  The design inside is interesting with lit up Level bottles embedded in the walls.  It is bi-level with the main bar and tables/booths downstairs and a smaller bar / outdoor patio upstairs.
The bar tenders were knowledgeable but the drinks were weak.  The service was less than par as well.
The music was decent that night (hip-hip, pop, remixes) and my friend says that they have a few decent DJ that visit.
It was an average experience, but like many "upscale" lounges in Philly it was overpriced and under executed.My friends and I came here on a Thursday around 8 and the place was completely empty. Before we could even be seated, we had our IDs checked twice. First one of the (friendly) bartenders quickly checked them and told us we could take a seat anywhere. While we were deciding where to sit, a man who I'm assuming is the owner came over with one of those tiny flashlights and inspected each of our REAL IDS like he was a cop. He even went as far as asking my friend her zodiac sign to see if the birthday was real. We finally got seats and ordered food and drinks. The entire time we were eating, he is slowly pacing the floor, very obviously watching us. Then halfway into our meal, the same man approaches my other friend, points to her purse and asks her what it was. She says it's her purse, then he asks her to open it so he can see what's inside??? He starts questioning her about an empty WATER BOTTLE she had in there and then gets mad and tells us we can't bring drinks inside. Needless to say, we quickly asked for the check and left. If you are young and black, just avoid this place altogether.I came here for an event taking place at the (overrated) rooftop lounge. The bouncer checks my bag and takes my water bottle away (what bar does this?) and tells me I need to buy a drink to go up to the rooftop lounge. I was planning on working out after the event, so I asked for an orange juice. The bartender tells me it's $4, which is overpriced, but I figure it's my best option and I give her a $5 bill, expecting some change. When she gives me my orange juice and I ask for my change, she tells me "oh, it's five dollars, I didn't know that. Sorry." And I insist on the fact that she told me it was four dollars, and she again agrees and says "but it's five". So basically, this genius bartender thinks it's completely okay to sell someone what they claim is a $4 drink, but then charge them $5, even though knowing the original price might have kept them from purchasing the drink in the first place.
The rooftop lounge has a partially blocked view of the Liberty Building and it makes for a nice place to have an event, I won't lie. But the incompetence of the staff and the overall policies of the place just make it unpleasant and even trashy. I won't be coming back.Went to Vango with some friends a few weeks ago on a Wednesday and based on the experience I would maybe give 2 stars.  The outside upstairs is a good place to escape for a bit.  However, the manager is a different story.  What a complete piece of ....! 
 Being the drunk  that I am, I left my card there after buying a round and expecting to stay longer.  Then the group decided to leave and I left my card there ... no big deal.  I called the next morning to see when to pick it up and they said anytime after 5.  Stopped buy around 5:30 and was told that the manager is the only one who can get me my card and he does not come in until 8:00. WTF? So I leave and then call later in the week to see when what time the manager would be in. "Anytime after 8 PM" he tells me.  So I stop in around 8:45 and guess who is not there.  The bartender calls him for me and he tells her that he will be there in 10 to 15 minutes.  To make a long story short he does not come in for about an hour and a half and if it was not for the nice bartender I would have just left and cancelled the stupid card.  He walked in with 2 bouncers the guy did not even have the nerve to come out of his office opting to have the bartender run the card out to me.  
Needless to stay I would love to meet this clown at a remote location with a baseball bat in my hand.  
Obviously, I will never go there again and I will tell everyone I know to do the same.  
Aahh balls...beautiful view from the rooftop. drinks tasted ok and the food was weirdly japanese. so overall the ambience was the best part of this place. customer service was good too! so i see why its so popular but its not really my kinda place.!!! DO NOT COME HERE!!! DO NOT COME HERE UNLESS YOU WANNA GET THROWN DOWN A FLIGHT OF STEPS!! DO NOT COME HERE UNLESS YOU WANT FOOD POISONING!!! I had came here a couple weeks ago for my birthday. I had seen the reviews but wanted to check it out for my self. It was sat July 29th, my reservation was for 9. I had got there right on time the place was empty and there was no host to be found I kinda just stood there not knowing where to go or who to talk to. I asked the bartender to help me and she told me to take a seat. It is now 9:30 a server comes up to me with menus. I told her my reservation was for the sky bar not indoors and now I am told to wait once again. I finally get my table and for a Saturday the place is EMPTY!! I should have seen all the red flags at this point. I'm finally situated and I order sushi, a chicken quesadilla and a hookah. The tuna in the sushi smelled weird and had a odd color not that bright color I'm use to seeing. The rice was hard and the quesadilla had literally 4 small pieces of chicken. I was soooo nauseas by the smell of the hookah!!! It smelled like mold !!!!!!!!! I didn't want that thing any where near me!!!!! A little later 4 people sat at the table next to mine and they continued to look my way. Then I see this tall weird looking old man point at my table it was the manager and he wanted to move me and my party because he wanted his friends to have enough space for two hookahs instead of one. I told my server that I already put a deposit for my table and I didn't want to move. Mind you the place is completely empty!! I counted 14 open tables and he wanted mine !!!!!!!!! Since I refused to move I can hear the manger bad mouthing me and saying how he's gonna call security. YES ! you read right ! THE MANAGER !! Next thing I know there's 5 security guards and a rent a cop grabbing me saying I have to leave! But wait then they forced us to pay. Gratuity was already included and I tipped a extra 20% because I know it was not the servers fault that she has to work for a psychopath and shouldn't not have to pay for the managers stupidity. So by this point I'm really upset obviously and I go to get up before I get beat up by 5 security guards and one of them grabs my arm and flings me. I AM NOT even 100 pounds, I'm in heels and wearing a skirt. All I remember is being thrown into the kitchen and being screamed at to keep moving. I literally got trampled down the stairs and the manager was just there screaming at the security to hurry up and get us out so he can have the table for his friends. I think the manager saw that me and my friend were two quiet people and thought he could BULLY us and take our money. I could not get the managers name since I was almost knocked unconscious but he was a tall ugly man big ears and I believe Arabic. The next day my arms were filled with bruises, my head hurt and I had all the 4 symptoms of a food born illness. Definitely not the birthday I wanted. I CAN HONESTLY SAY IT WILL BE YEARS BEFORE I CAN OVERCOME THE TRAUMA THAT IVE BEEN THROUGH AFTER COMING HERE!!!! DO NOT COME HERE !!!!!!!!!!!!!Like others who have written I had a travelzoo voucher I was told that it just flat out was not going to be accepted.  They were rude and the place is pretty awful.  It's too bad because I had a good time here a year ago... guess management has changed for the worse.Just wanted to write an update- I did submit this letter to the owner on April 23. I heard back from him about a week later. He was upset because I did not let him know about the bad service while it was occurring. I told him I had a few drinks and wanted to write him a coherent, professional letter the next AM, which is what I have posted here. He told me I should not have been charged the $15 for the champagne bottle and he needed a receipt to prove that I did. He said he would like me to come back in so he could show me better service. I told him I would not spend a dime at his establishment. He made no offer to comp anything if I would return...He will be out of business by 2011.I do not give out 1 star reviews lightly. Trust me, this pathetic excuse for a high-end bar has earned it. 
Vango likes to present itself as a sophisticated urban lounge. If only the staff, management, and patrons acted like it was such a place. In reality, this place belongs on MTV's "The Shore". 
The first thing you'll encounter is a huge numb-skull bouncer who will check your ID and stare you down. If you're lucky, you'll get patted down and searched like you're entering some ghetto club - right off Rittenhouse Square! Then you can walk up to the main level, which will blare cheesy pop-hip hop till your ears bleed while you wait for a bartender to give you the time of day. Once this happens, you'll be overcharged for a drink. And you NEED that drink if you want to get up to the main attraction - the roof deck. The bartenders have different glasses for anything nonalcoholic, and another burly bouncer with no brain but a huge bright flashlight won't let you upstairs without an alcoholic drink - even if you're the designated driver for a large party! 
The city view on a nice night? Admittedly, a bright spot. But half the roof is roped-off with VIP couches for bottle service - and I don't think the surroundings justify the expense. I don't think bottle service is ever worth the expense - why? So some other saps may look longingly over at your couch and bottle on ice? Please. 
And that brings me to the crowd. Vango seems to attract guys that like to pump their chests out and strut around in shirts unbuttoned just a bit too far. And the girls? They're showing skin in a way that screams "I think I'm too sexy to talk to." A true wasteland of hangers on and wanna be achievers blowing money trying to impress each other. 
When thinking of this place I'm reminded of a Dave Chapelle skit, one where he's imitating Rick James. In character he says "I wish I had more hands, so I could give that 4 thumbs down."Vango gets 0 stars.  I purchased the travelzoo $35 special, which said could be used on the rooftop or the restaurant.  Upon arrival, we were informed to go to the rooftop to use the travelzoo, we must first purchase drinks in the downstairs bar to brink up.  I stated that I put a $25 deposit for a 5:30 pm reservation.  They said that can be applied to your bill on the rooftop. I explained I bought the travelzoo.  It was a who's on first conversation.  Bottom line - had to spend $20 downstairs on drinks to access the rooftop bar to use the $35 travelzoo.  They said the $25 could be applied to the bill.  I requested it back and was given a paper check.  A.paper.check.  Will never visit Vango again and be warned..staff and especially the manager are unfriendly and seem as though you, the customer, are the nuisance.I was here last night or Sunday the 24th, and enjoyed some good Shitty drinks, shitty service, shitty management. Drinks were watered down and overpriced plus this waitress with a butt pad charged my card with for 2 drinks when i only asked for one...you can go here if you enjoy shitty drinks, shitty music, and shitty customer service and if you like to be robbed for every penny you have and if you enjoy being charged 25$ for a total of one beverage that cost 8$...I've been to vango several times now and I can't say it's really worth the drink prices.  Similar to some other CC places, vango passes itself off as a bar/club... not really succeeding in either area.  The bottom level is either too crowded (on the weekends) or empty (on the weekdays). Also, the dance floor just seems like an area where tables were never installed. 
On the plus side, the upstairs roof area is very chill, with beds and seating all around.  A diverse crowd fills up the place on the weekend and the decor is crean and modern.  
In general, I'd probably only recommend going there as an after party spot or if you have a group and want to rent out the upper roof area.VANGO IS A HORRIBLE PLACE!! I found them on Travelzoo and paid $35 for a voucher. I called to make reservations and told him I had the travelzoo vouchers and was told I could only get reservations online. I go online (thanks goodness for internet phones) and the only way I could get a reservation was to spend $50. I called back and said I have vouchers and I just want to make a reservation and he was VERY rude to me on the phone and told me I had to reserve online and I would get the $50 back... and then he hung up on me. So I book it online since he told me I would get that money back. I get there and get seated and I told the waiter that I had the vouchers and then was told that I could no longer use them after 10pm. Why wasn't I told this before I drove an hour to get there! I read all the fine print and there was nothing that stated that. So I asked for my reservation money back and he told me he would only credit towards drink/food for me! It ruined my night out!Am I able to put no stars?! After seeing a comedy show around the corner, 6 of my girlfriends and I thought it would be fun to go dancing so we figured we'd stop by Vango. This place is awful! Drinks are over priced, and the crowd that this place attracts......I'm not really sure what to say about that. We were very dissatisfied with the first floor of Vango, so we figured we'd head upstairs to see what that was like. Out of seven girl one girl did not have a drink in get hand, and apparently they have a policy where you must have a drink in your hand to go upstairs, so the bouncer wasn't going to let my one friend up. Seriously!? Seven of us, and you're going to stop one girl from going upstairs?! I will not be going back to this place.WARNING DO NOT WATSE YOUR TIME!
My experience at this bar was seriously a joke. Horrible and RUDE help. Manager was screaming at girls and pointing making a huge scene when we were trying to have a good time. The sky bar (reason for going) wasn't even accessible til midnight. Getting attitude from the help, when asking a question really topped it off. Just thought i'd give everyone a head up on this buzz kill.I hosted an alumni event on the rooftop deck. And I will never do it again. First thing I should point out us that the manager Dave is totally unprofessional. I'm not sure if he used to work as a clerk at rite aid, was a mechanic etc. All I know is that a professional would never schedule an alumni event right next to what appeared to be a get together for a cigar smoking club. With just a flimsy rope between us and all the smoke accumulating under our tents( in case it rained). When I confronted Dave he claimed that he "didn't think it was a problem". You'd think that he'd offer something to bring us back? No, he didn't. Just doesn't care. I guess economy must be terrific for bars in philly. I should have known at confirmation that something was awry. The two times I called to confirm, there was considerable confusion about this Thursday night event. Wow, so much to juggle between that alumni and cigar event. Because the bar was totally empty otherwise. Well, I've ranted enough. And I'll never hang at Vango. Nothing special in terms of drinks and rude management.The atmosphere is pretty nice; great fiberoptic chandelier over the first floor bar and the upstairs rooftop deck view can't be beat. However...I must say that there is a certain crowd that goes here (at least on the Friday night I was there) and the music is geared towards that. So if you're looking for a good time to dance (EDM mixed into top 40's AND today's hip hop hits) then this isn't the Place for you.  The music is all rap and hip hop and although the dj was tuned to the crowd I didn't think the music choice was on point for what I was looking for. Rumor blows this place away but then again this is a totally different place and I'm Glad I finally got to go. Overall I'd say it depends on the type of night you want to have- club or lounge-ish with hookah and rap music?! Worth a try!This place sucks.  We were going to get there around 9ish on a Friday night, so we called ahead of time to make a reservation.  We were told on the phone that we could only make a reservation online, even if we were coming in that night.  So we made one online, having to leave a $25 deposit.  We get to the restaurant, and it's completely dead.  No problem there.  The waitress asked if we made a reservation "online or on the phone."  Funny how when we called earlier they told us we couldn't make a reservation on the phone, and HAD to do it online. The 2 of us were seated at a table.  One side of the table had 2 stools, and the other had a comfy-looking couch thing.  I sat in the couch and felt like a child sitting indian style on the floor.  It sunk so low I couldn't reach the table.  After about 20 minutes, the waitress finally returned with our 2 beers and when we asked if we could sit at the bar because I was uncomfortable she seriously said "Why can't you just sit next to her?" Well, lady, because we're two girls and we're not on a date so I prefer not to sit on the same side of a table for 4 with my friend.  I've been a waitress before and I know it's annoying to have to change your tab over to the bar, but not if we've only gotten 2 beers and you havent' had to do much (or any) work for us.  Also, this waitress told us that our $25 deposit hadn't shown up yet and sometimes it takes a couple of hours so we might have to come back tomorrow to pick up a check (?).  So we sat at the bar and had tuna tartare (pretty good) and the quesadillas (literally just cheese on a tortilla).  Among the 3 bartenders behind the bar, only one would serve us and we had to wave her down each time.  The bar had about 15 people at it max.   The bartender with short blonde hair who did serve us was very sweet.  We then asked the bartender about the $25 dollar deposit, and after going back and forth 3 times between her and the manager we asked if the manager would come and talk to us himself.  He finally did and was very nice, and informed us that it shows up usually "instantly."  This differed from what the waitress told us earlier, when she said we'd have to wait a couple hours for the deposit to go through.  He told us the other manager would be there in about 10 mins and we could discuss it with him, but we ended up leaving anyway and just calling it a loss. I'm not a picky person by any means but this place sucked in every way.  The nice manager and bartender were very nice, but couldn't really help us out. If you want overpriced drinks in plastic glasses and rude wait staff, this is the place for you.Last night I went to Latin night at vango n I had a lot of fun They first start off with a class and teach you all the basic steps. They pair you up with a lot of different partner so you get a lot of different style, After the class we got to dance all night will be going backWent to Vango with a couple of friends last night. The decor of this place is beautiful but it is very expensive. $10 cover and we entered before 11p, managers rules. There were very few people there, but again it was 1045ish. A mojito was $15 . In order to go upstairs to see the outdoor bar u must buy a drink, I tried to fool them with water but that didn't cut it.When we left the club we asked for a stamp, evidently they do not do stamps managers rules. I just go the feeling that this place just wanted to take advantage of the consumer. Their rules make it difficult for them to have repeat customers. We ended up just going to Raven lounge 1 block away which had plenty of people, $5 cover and cheap mystery shots. Hopefully the manager at Vango will change his policies in the future, unfortunately I will not be a repeat customerAmazing new place in Philly. Friend of a Friend. Sure, they copied 'Bed' for the upstairs, but hey, these days, who isn't?
Amazing food.  The Seared Kobe, Sushi, Sashimi, Scallop/Prawn are all amazing.  The drinks are wicked strong.  The music is perfect.  Very upbeat, not overpowering, perfect for talking, dancing, flirting, everything.
Highly recommended for groups of 6+.  Eat first, dance and drink throughout the evening.  Can't wait for next spring when the weather warms up.Because i have to put a star to write a review. This place was whack, we prepaid for the table paying $75 which was a credit toward our bill. After paying $10 at the door and sitting at our table for an hour we were told that we had to spend $200 dollars to sit there. We never talked to the manager but the waitress told us the rules. She quickly gave us our bill without taking the $75 prepaid amount off. The staff tried to get over club goes to buy our table while we were still seated. If you come don't waste your time paying ahead.I came here with friends on a night that was not pleasant for being on a rooftop; it was pouring rain! But, they have awnings above the couches so it was actually really neat to watch & hear the rain pour down while staying dry with a decent view of the Liberty buildings and the Comcast building. This was the highlight of my experience because the prices are pretty extreme and they have a silly rule where you're not allowed on the 3rd floor without a drink in hand. Granted, I understand this is in prime real-estate territory so the drink prices may be justified but the drink-in-hand rule is just silly.This lounge is in a great location and has amazing potential.... Me and some friends went on a Saturday afternoon to get some cocktails and enjoy the rooftop.... First thing is in order to enter they require you to buy a drink... really? can I substitute that for an appetizer if I'm the Designated Driver? Answer is No!!! Ok already turned off...so we order the drinks and head to the roof.... You can tell that the rooftop layout was hastily designed and constructed. Floor Tile eroding, metal edges of the door frame sticking out and dirty couch cusions... Then the rooftop hostess tries to seat us at a dirty table!!!! :/ We demanded another and the hostess sheepishly agreed... We ordered some Apps and main courses. Calamari, Wings, Burgers and few other items, And the food is Actually really good!! So that is a positive but it doesn't balance out all the negatives which is why I'm only giving 1 star. This location needs a desperate Reno and better business practices!!Two times I have gone to this only because I believe in second chances. The first time was because my friend heard it was Lady's Night on a Tuesday or Wednesday and when we got there the bartender said we heard wrong. My friend ordered this coffee martini drink that was the special for the evening but I knew better so I ordered my regular gin and tonic. She loved it until she got the bill: $14 for one drink plus tip. My G&T was $7. 
The second time another friend of mine heard there was a special running on Valentine's Day, stating that their chocolate-something cocktail was free from 9-11pm. When we got there the server asked where we heard of something like that because Vango never gives out free drinks. She said she would check with the manager however. When the server got back to our table, she said they did have the special we mentioned that night but that it was $5. Even when my friend showed her the email that showed the free special, the server said it was $5. 
Other then the price and the crowd in this place, Vango does offer something to Rittenhouse Square. I like the Playboy Mansion-type of decor and the sky roof. The DJ the first night seemed good; the one on the roof-deck. The music downstairs on both occasions was a little hard to bear. I also understood what I was getting into price-wise because I've done research on it for the bed and breakfast I work at, but I still couldn't afford it.
I vowed never to go there again so please do not ask me.You go to Vango for the rooftop bar on a summer night.  Usually strong drinks for a good price.  Sometimes the music is really good, other times... meh.My husband and I went for the salsa classes on Monday night. The website says it starts at 8:30. We got there a little before 8:30 and no one was there other than the staff. They asked us what we were there for. I told them the salsa classes. They said it starts at 9 pm. They asked us if we would like any food or drinks while we wait and we said yes. 1. They are really pushy and told us if we don't buy any drinks other than water we will have to buy a bottle of water. 2. The club/lounge looked really tacky, especially with the suede wall and pole in the middle of the floor. 3. The food was ok, not great and I ordered a drink since they were pestering so much. It was called The Vango. It tasted like cough medicine!! The class was ok but I will never go back there again!!i absolutely HATE this place. First: $20 cover that was paid to sexist, inappropriate, disrespectful bouncers. Weak drinks with flat soda. They only allow access to roof top with drink in hand, only so you can get up there and nothing's even happening. The last time I was there, they had some gross drunk lady swinging on the pole, which is right in the center of the venue, she knocked over drinks. As I was leaving, a different sloppy drunk was vomiting up her blue alcohol drink, right be the exit. 
DO NOT GO TO VANGO.
THIS PLACE SUCKS
BOYCOTT VANGO.
THE WORST PLACE IN PHILLY.Had such a good NYE here with Vic spinning I lost my money clip. David the manager? Owner? Called me today and said they had it. Just picked it up. Cash and all! Speaks volumes of the place, its patrons and employees.This is nothing more than a hookah lounge that charges a $10 cover charge.
Very low class place.I can understand how people's opinions from the previous reviews were formed, however, I have had only good experiences at Vango. I usually go there on an event night, where I personally know the DJ, or know that they are playing the type of house music I am interested in. That, along with a group of friends equals a good night out dancing, where one creates his or her own positive vibe and becomes indifferent to possible sketchiness or pretentiousness.