Thank you so much to Frank. After checking this place out on here i figured why not try them out. When my husband & I arrived we thought it was going to be a circus clearly you could tell the rush was over. We sat a the bar and that was by far the best decision, because we met Frank. Wow he is funny and ever, he popped my cherry with my first long island! Being a whisky girl i can honestly say this is the only place i will drink long island at. We order the Mac & Cheese,which can usally be a bust depending on who makes it. We really enjoyed it, we order our with Crab on top. At must try if you like seafood. Everyone should stop here while in PhillyIt keeps getting better! This is def. a 5 star bar. In the spring Varga has a lot of outdoor seating!After an absolutely awful experience at Continental Midtown earlier in the day, Varga Bar was a welcoming contrast in terms of service - quick, attentive, polite. Even though it is mostly a bar, mid-day meal there did not disappoint! My husband and I had a veggie plate, avocado salad with chicken and their famous delicious french fries. Easy, tasty break while touring Philadelphia. I definitely wouldn't mind eating there again!This may seem like only a partial review, but that's because we only had a partial meal. Nevertheless, our meal of appetizers and beer felt wholly satisfying thanks to the friendly and helpful staff at Varga. (Philly actors make the best waiters- they know how to act friendly and keep you entertained)
Our "meal" consisted of the following- Sliders, duck confit chicken wings, and lump crab cheese fries. The winner? The lump crab cheese fries. Even just typing it makes me hungry for them again.
A fine beer selection, I might add- a nice variety of styles and a staff that seems  to know their stuff.
We unfortunately couldn't try any of the actual meals or specials (though out waiter did a great job of selling them), but they sounded great. A trip back to Varga is inevitable at this point.Outstanding Service Food was incredible. Little place with a big Flavor. It's a little dark inside and has that corner bar feel.I love a Varga pin-up girl, and a restaurant who dedicates their decor to them will always pique my interest. I stopped by one sunny summer afternoon on a bit of a solo date and parked myself at a nice street table for some prime people watching. The pickles fern fronds were firm and perfect, the bloody mary was extra spicy as directed, and the veggie burger was a very decent attempt at a house made burger - messy but tasty. I'll be back someday to try the famous mac & cheese!This place is SO over-hyped. Points for the fun, vintage, yuppie-posing-as-hipster vibe, but the food and drink were just okay.
To begin with, the wine list is severely lacking. Only one Riesling which was not my style but I never-the-less drank it because I didn't want to be difficult. I ordered the crab cake sandwich which was so salty it made my lips hurt! I'm also pretty sure it had been microwaved.... it had all the tale-tell signs: uneven heating and burn-your-mouth hot patches. Fun!
The crab cakes came with Old Bay fries. They were good (but added unneeded salt to an already saturated dish.) I was beside myself when they brought out their BBQ-sauce-posing-as-ketchup!! Thank goodness they had good old fashioned Heinz in the back! mmmmmm... anyway...  my boyfriend said his burger was just okay too. Lastly, the service was frustrating. Apparently some drama took our waitress away for quite a while... I had to flag down other waitresses several times.
Not a horrible experience, but this is Philly, people! Their are fantastic options galore! Unfortunately, this isn't one of them.Being a lover of both interesting beers and interesting food, Varga was right up my alley.  I had been to Varga once for drinks a few months ago and, after perusing the dinner menu then, knew I wanted to go back for dinner.  Fast forward a couple of months to this past weekend when some friends from D.C. came up to visit; we wanted a low key dinner before heading out on the town, so I suggested Varga.  
The first thing I loved about this place, which I discovered when I was there a few months ago, is the beer selection.  There are multiple selections on tap for any type of beer lover; IPAs, stoudts, wheats, lagers.  Each beer is described to a tee on the beer menu so, say you're like me and love hoppy, piney IPAs but are sometimes disappointed when you order one that tastes like too much alcohol or wheat, you can choose a beer based on the flavors you like.  These guys know their beer and that alone makes it worth stopping by.
After we moved on to the dinner menu, we settled on the Truffled Mac & Cheese as our appetizer (I would've ordered some more apps, because they all sounded delicious, but we were going out afterward and didn't want to be too full).  What I loved most about this dish was how subtle the truffle and bacon flavors were.  Truffle and bacon can too often overpower the dish they are being used in, but that was not the case here.  The truffle flavor was nicely integrated into the cheese sauce (which was nice and light as well) and the bacon was limited to crispy pieces crumbled all over the top of the dish.  It was a great spin on your traditional mac & cheese.  
For dinner, I ordered the Kobe Burger.  I'm not sure if the beef was actual Japanese Kobe or American kobe (I'm guessing the latter since it would've been more expensive otherwise), but, regardless, it was a perfectly cooked (I ordered it medium), melt in your mouth burger.  I did not find the cheese (cheddar I believe) or bacon to be too much.  My one minor complaint about the burger is that the roll was so soft and the burger was so juicy (that is not part of the complaint) that the roll got so mushy, I had to finish the burger with a knife and fork.  Also, I wasn't really a fan of the homemade ketchup; it tasted like a fruit that I couldn't quite place...and it was just too sweet for me.  The friends that I was with loved it though.  
I can't really comment on any other entrees; one of my friends also got the burger (and had the same mushy roll problem)... my other friend got the hand made rigatoni, which I didn't taste.  He seemed to like it though.  
The other thing I love about Varga is that it is very reasonably priced... between 3 of us we had one appetizer, 3 entrees and 6 drinks (5 cocktails and one beer) and the bill was $100 (not including tip).  When I can walk out of a place with a full stomach and a good buzz for $40, I am happy.  Without drinks, it probably would've been half that.  
I would highly recommend Varga to anyone who loves trying different beer and/or enjoys great food with a unique twist.   I am really looking forward to going back so I can try some other things from the menu (like the breakfast cereal ice cream and the ribs).  The only reason I am not giving it 5 stars is because I personally can't give any place 5 stars if I've only eaten there once.  If it's as good next time as it was this time, I'll be updating my rating to 5.
One last thing...we went around 9pm on a Friday night and there was about a half an hour wait.  However, you can also choose to sit at the communal table (a long table which seats about 8 or 10) in the front window if you don't want to wait.  We did that and had the whole table to ourselves for the 1.5 hours that we were there.  So, if you don't feel like waiting to be seated, it's not a bad choice.It took me a while to get to this place (an unfortunate naming issue with one of my ex-coworkers which I shan't get into)  It looks cool enough and I like all the outdoor seating.  A couple friends went the other day and enjoyed it so I tried it out as soon as a nice outdoor eating day came along. 
Well - it was good. Not great.  And some things were just irksome.  
First pickles - I love pickles.  We ordered the mixed pickle app.  I was super excited, but soon somewhat let down.  Don't serve mushy pickles!  that is not OK.  Some of the veggies were slightly unidentifiable, and the baby carrots were downright gross. 
I ordered a watermelon margarita - it was just OK.  The one I made myself at home a day earlier tasted the same and didn't cost 8 dollars. 
My GF ordered the hotdog - that was pretty tasty.  But the coleslaw, although it looked tasty, was not. 
The mussels and clams were tasty, but why no spoon to eat the broth and really, just ONE piece of garlic bread?  That is just weird and cheap.  I had to ask for some more bread, which I finally got.
But seriously the most annoying thing here is that they charge you for refills on soda.  Seriously - that cup of diet coke cost you like 3 cents, why charge us 2.50?!  For all you know you are screwing over someone's DD and that is just rude.  
in all honesty I probably won't be back here.Varga is fine for a night when you want to sit outside. It happens to be close to my apartment which is why I go so often. The food is solid, outdoor seating with my dog is always available which is something I look for. The  service isn't spectacular depending on who you get..but all in all its OK in my book,I'm not complaining, really I'm not. But for a chef to boldly claim the 'Best wings in Philly' and have a wing cook-off, I was expecting something great served from his kitchen. I was a bit disappointed. 
I went for the Superbowl wing cook-off (my fav was the Jerk Chicken) and was very impressed with each contestants dish, so of course I had to order Varga Bars infamous wings, slow-cooked with duck fat! They were so tender, falling off the bone literally, but the flavor...not at all a runner up to any of the contestants. 
Anyway, about Varga Bar, I enjoyed the experience, even though the bar tender was too busy most of the time and the food was subpar. I guess good company and a good game can do that for you. OK, I am complaining a bit.Had a great time, took my girlfriend out for her birthday. We got a table as soon as we came in and the waitress was right behind. My drink Miss October was good, not too strong. 
Our food came out in about 5 minutes. The lump fries were great! and I put a little of the house ketchup on the side. We had the duck confit chicken wings and they were really good. Hot and sticky, tangy with a nice heat that sits at the back of your throat. 
 I can't wait to go back.Truffle Mac and CHEESE! 
If I had to rank all of the Mac and cheese in philly Varga would be top. This dish is cooked to perfection with a crunchy top, great shaped noodles, (we all know shape matters), super cheesy and truffle oil. Just to take it to the next level they sprinkle pieces of black truffle on top.  
Truly a masterpiece.I love every thing about this small eatery, from the delicious seasonal drinks to the yummy burgers cooked to perfection (or not cooked as is the case with me--the rarer the better). 
If you aren't in the mood for a full meal, try the Kobe sliders or the jumbo lump crab cheese fries and nosh with your buds.We decided to stop by here for a quick dinner bite on last saturday. my friend ordered mojito but it the drinks had little to no alcohol content. I ordered chicken sandwich from the menu. The server was not interested to suggest us or care to ask any question about the food we ordered. The coleslaw which i got with sandwich wasn't freshly made or something, i ended up throwing up after going home that night. Overall didn't like the place. We thought this place was expensive for a drink and 2 order of entrees. approx $ 50 bill when i compare it with the quality of food & service.Definitely one of the best places to eat and drink with friends in the city. The duck confit wings are amazing and so is the butternut squash ravioli special. I also love their burger. Top notch!I don't typically write reviews about places I didn't actually eat, but Varga really irked me. I walked up innocently to the bartender and I asked if I could sit down and use my computer while I had a beer. He told me sure, so I sat down at the table outside. Then I was rudely confronted by a waiter who told me literally that I was wasting the restaurant money by sitting at a 4 top. It was past 9 o'clock and the restaurant was half empty. I walked around the block but could not find another bar, so I returned and asked another waitress to sit at a 2 top outside. She said sure but you have to ask a hostess. Ha! Whatever ... So I found a hostess, but she told me that I could not sit at the table I wanted to because she had just sat that waiter. I gave up and left. It would behoove the manager to relax a bit and try to focus on customer service rather than rules that complicate the dining experience. It is a bar after all.Varga is just all-around great. The bartenders are super friendly. The draft list is always fantastic. And now that I've finally tried their food (the kobe sliders), I can only say good things about that too. So, yes, Varga emanates all the positive describers.
I was here most recently Monday night for a meet-and-greet with Ninkasi's founding brewer. They're out of Eugene, Oregon, and I LOVE THEM. They also had bottles of Ninkasi's new Ground Control. I'm not actually sure how to put into words how excited I was about both of those points (my hands shook a little upon receiving the pretty pretty space stout..), but I feel like I have to mention it here because Varga is awesome and hosts must-attend events like that.
Definitely returning soon!I ate here this past weekend and had a very good experience. The homemade pickles were delish. Great beer selection, and the menu is not over priced. We also had a veggie burger which was homemade but not the best I've had. I love the fact that they make their own ketchup and mustard. I lalso ordered the mussels which were to die for. Among the best I have ever had, which says a lot. I am guessing they ake their own fish stock which makes this such a killer dish. I plan on going back for happy hour and when I am really hungry a lobster/ shellfish entree which sounded to die for.This place is great! Its a cozy place to get drinks, and they do have a pretty stellar drink selection on hand. The outdoor seating is really cute, and I'll have to bring my doggie next time. I got a turkey burger, which, I actually sent back because my boyfriend and I were 99% sure it was beef and not turkey...but it came back, and the waiter assured me it was turkey, so I let it go. I swear it still tasted and looked like beef, though. Either way, it was still good, so I didn't put up much of a fight. The BF is obsessed with the duck fat wings, which I will have to try next time (BEFORE he scarfs them down like he hasn't seen food in 6 years) lol. Service was a little slow, but all in all, we had a pretty good experience here and will be returning.
**Edit** I finally tried the duck confit wings, and they were worth the wait! Fall-off-the-bone delicious although I do wish the skin was a teeny bit crispier. We came during an Eagles game on a Sunday and they had some pretty good beer specials, too!I've been here 3 times I think. As a vegetarian I don't have thaaaat many options but the ones I do have are fantastic. The veggie burger is outstanding. Seems like it's pretty healthy but also very very tasty - lots of flavors going on. I've also had the pan-fried gnocchi (I requested that they take out the lobster-not a problem)...that was really effing good too. The cheese plates are awesome, I really recommend getting one! They're a lot of fun to eat.
The beer selection is great...they have a lot of nice, fancy beers.
Service is pretty good, not the most attentive, but it's not a big deal. The food makes up for it.Just not  the type of place for me. Not a fan of the decor. I think it's overprice for how much I like it. I was here once for a happy hour and they were pretty picky with ending ordering deals before the hour was up. It's nice to sit outside, but I don't think the food is all that great. They had a pretty good list of beers and other drinks, but I don't know, something about this place really isn't for me.Update: be sure to ask for their Specials or look at their specials menu outside. The best good is on there. After coming once and bring underwhelmed by their selection if you want something light, I tried again for the World Cup (they have TVs and AC!). 
Loved their watermelon & feta salad - which was a special menu add on. The feta was warm and delicious served on top of watermelon. Also tasty nuts sprinkled throughout and endives if I guessed correctly. All of this on a bed of arugula mixed with balsamic vinaigrette. Yum! 
My friend also loved her tasty pulled pork tacos. They were very flavorful and had nice amount of pork.  
Original review:
We chose Varga Bar because we wanted to sit outside for drinks on a nice summery night. This was a nice setting for it, but so far it wasn't anything special other than the location.
Good wine, but nothing exciting.  We also tried the beer-battered pickles with aoili sauce (good sauce combination, but I wasn't excited with the execution - the outside didn't stick to the pickles at all, so you really had to just eat them separately).
The pot o' pickles was decent as well - just classically pickled veggies.  Nothing too special.
Loved the location, though!  And the outdoor seating.  The service was good, but nothing too special.  Perhaps I'll try out Varga another night for a more exciting experience.Disclaimer:  this review is about their brunch, so I may not be privy to the late-night shenanigans that seem to be dropping their rating so low.
My beau and I ate here on a whim after seeing that Kanella had a wait, and our stomachs and schedule weren't looking for a place with a wait.  We were skeptical: a place with the word "bar" in it, and, oh yeah, no wait on a Sunday during peak brunch hour.
I went with the Cinnamon Apple French toast, and the guy went with the special sandwich: soft shell crab.  The french toast was amazing: 3 thick pieces of crispy battered brioche, layered with warm cinnamon-y apples that were soft but not mushy, topped with whipped honey butter and marscapone cream.  Finished with a drizzle of cinnamon maple syrup.  They were definitely in my top-5 best french toast dishes I've ever eaten (sorry, Sabrina's).  
The soft shell crab looked pretty appetizing too: lightly battered, not too greasy, and he was a big guy, so you weren't want for lump meat.  The brioche bun looked nice and fluffy, and the guy finished it off without a hitch, so my educated assumption is no complaints on that dish!  We were both pleasantly surprised and relieved that our last-minute change ended up being an advantageous one.
Here's why I docked a star: 
  1. The "applewood smoked bacon".  AKA, Oscar Meyer thin-sliced pre-packaged stuff cooked to a lukewarm soft consistency.  Skip it.
  2. Our practically-inaudible waiter.  We sat outside, and with the street noise, could barely hear a thing he said about the specials.  He seemed pretty terrified at the fact that he was talking to people.Probably deserves more like 3.5 stars.  I gave it three, but it has lots of potential.    I've actually ended up there twice in the last week.  Each time ran me around $20.
The good: 
Outdoor seating, open until 1 with a good beer selection.  I'm all about Varga just for that.  Most of the seating is outside, but they have 1 (maybe more) banquet tables inside.  
The beers:
A few more than 20 beers on tap, all pretty good, leaning local.  Average beer is $6.  They have Growlers for $25 (which is a little odd since you can buy these beers at the distributor, but whatever I'm on board).  
(Recognizing they just opened) Some things to work on:
+ they need to get pitchers.  We're going there to drink.
+ they need to get a happy hour (and/or participate in SIPS).
+ the cans of schlitz and pabst are $3.50...riiight
the food:
All the food's pretty good.  I've split the kobe sliders and had the roast pork sandwich (it's not tony luke's but i'm definitely getting it again).  Each dish came out with ketchup and horseradish mustard/sauce with way too much horseradish.  You can get stuff for around $10. 
The big problem on the food front is that they're missing the eat-while-you-drink menu item.  Think of the delicious bar bites at pub and kitchen or the $3 truffle popcorn at royal tavern.  The only food less than five dollars at Varge is a 'pot-o-pickles' which may be delicious, but I'm not sure if it's the greatest drinking snack.  I know it's early, but food service is a little slow. 
At the end of the day  varga is a great addition to the neighborhood (a big improvement over azul).New Review:
I feel I need to write a new review of Varga because I've been there about a half dozen times now and have a better feel for the menu and service.  
I've downgraded Varga from 5 stars to 3.  Here is why:
The food.  The first time I went, my wife and I had the best thing on the menu, purely by accident.  Since then I've tried many different things and it all comes down to 'trying to hard'.  Most of the dishes have too many ingredients, sloppily put together, which muddy the flavor of the entire dish.  The cheese platter is absolutely foul, the sauces are ridiculously over done, creating a 'poured everything in the fridge' into it kind of flavor.  The parings are amateur, and I'm not even the cheese snob in my family.  The Kobe Beef Hotdog is an affront to nature, the chili is the only saving grace on what could easily be the worst wurst of all time.  The French Toast monstrosities at brunch are covered in 'stuff', tons of great ingredients piled on to of each other to create utter chaos.
The chef at Varga needs to get simple.  Bar food is not difficult.  Simple ingredients, don't overburden your food.  Let the freshness of the beef or carrots speak for the dish, not the eight other things you normally pile on top of it.
The lobster cheese fries are good.  The beer is excellent.  Personally, I'd just stick to the beer.
-------------------------------
Original Review:
My wife and I have been waiting for a night away from the kids for quite a while and since Varga was right around the corner we decided to try it out.
In-cred-ible!  I was very impressed.  The main focus of the restaurant is craft beers with jazzed up bar food (instead of a burger it's a kobe burger).
I had the Red Russian River and Flying Fish Espresso beers and both were outstanding.  After talking to the Beer Manager, I was more than impressed with the breadth of knowledge and experience he displayed.  Varga has a true beer nut working and supplying the place with top quality suds.  The prices are extremely reasonable for what they pour, you can get the same beers at Ulegy across town but for $2 more.  Varga is a real bargain for specialty beer.  And if you just want a PBR or Shlitz they're hiding in the fridge below the god stuff... philistine!
We had the Fish and Chips, my wife being English by birth gave it a big thumbs up.  Light, flaky, nice homemade vinegar, with slim chips.  I had the pork pulled pork sandwich, which was very nice.  Usually you expect a pull pork sandwich to be loaded down with some crappy sweet sauce, not at Varga.  It's fresh, clean and very piggy rather than saucy.  The homemade horseradish mustard was excellent, but it will definitely kick your teeth in if you're not a 'spicy' eater.
We'll definitely be back.  After a long line of failed businesses, this location has finally found a real gem.This open air corner bar is fresh, from the frescos of beautiful females (old style pin-ups) to the nice bar and tables.  We were referred her by a local restaurant for the craft beer selection but enjoyed the food as well.  The draft beer selection was wide and varied, from IPAs, Belgians to Nitros and Sours.  We tried at least six different ones and when we were deciding on our final there was only one that we didn't consider repeating.  Service was great, we sat at the bar, and enjoyed their pork tacos.  Wish we had time to try more food.  Definitely would go back!I heard great things about Varga but upon entrance, found my self unhappy there. The bartender was obviously busy and when I asked for a menu he pointed to the chalkboard. I ordered the fried pickles and put my jacket on the hook as I waited for my friend to arrive. Pretty much as soon as I had ordered my seasonal fall beer the pickles were placed in front of me. The beer was just what I wanted. 
After my friend arrived we ordered food. The sandwich I got was delicious. It started to get noisy so we left.
Will go back but wont order the pickles.I was initially skeptical of Varga Bar.  We went late on a Saturday morning, I was slightly hung over, and the place seemed pretentious.  We sat at the bar, and the bartender was a little aloof.  My attitude quickly improved when I saw the beer selection and interesting menu offerings.  I ordered a crab omelet, which was pretty exceptional, even though I wasn't feeling 100%.  I'd definitely return if there weren't an infinite number of interesting places in Philly left to check out!We have been to Varga a minimum 20 times over the past two years, and have been extremely happy with the food and service quality.  A favorite on the menu item is the Truffle Mac and Cheese.  Absolutely delicious.  The specials offer fantastic options as well, and are ever changing.  This isn't even to mention a good craft beer selection.  We will continue making regular trips here without a doubt.
Just updating the review after the most recent trip. Once again the food and drinks were very good with a terrific beer selection. Unfortunately, this was our first bad service experience.  We've been here 30ish times and were here again for Mom's Day brunch.  I really enjoy the brunch here the lobster omelette was delicious as was the cremè brûlée French toast.  Our waitress, Sarah (according to the check), took our order and then ignored us the entire rest of the hour we were there.  Never asked if the food was ok.  Never checked to see if we needed anything.  She didn't even bring the check, the guy running the food had to.   We'll definitely still go back but will be sure to avoid this specific server.Went to the Varga bar over beerfest for the street festival on Saturday. The pinup artwork/decore which was the main reason we picked the venue was cool and well done but left us a little underwhelmed, like watching a comedy where you see all the good one liners in the previews. 
That being said the tap selection was decent and varied well, even if a little over priced and the staff was knowledgeable when free and not swamped from the foot traffic that day. I'm not certain you could get three people behind the bar there but it would have helped them a ton.
One of my friends I had gone with tried to pay by card, and within 50 seconds of handing it over the bar staff had misplaced it. Took about 30 mins but after searching through garbage cans and all over the place behind the bar itself it finally manifested. We kinda expected a comp on the drinks which never came, but they were very apologetic.
All in all a fair experience at best but I think beerfest had a big part to do with it.Varga bar is great!  Small place but so cute!  I've always been pleased with the service and the food is amazing.  It is great to try the monthly drink specials (Miss December being a personal favorite).  The sliders and potato soup are to die for! Can't wait to get back.Stopped in for a simple lunch. Liked the look of this spot, and outdoor seating was a plus. I had a Caesar salad with real anchovies ( although they were not plentiful) and polenta croutons, which were super.   Sweetheart had duck confit wings with blue cheese--messy good eatin'.  Sweetheart also enjoyed his beer with a blackberry after taste. A very enjoyable light meal, and good service, tooThis place is small but I came here on a fun night where if you're wearing white, you can order any stout for 4$ so my friends and I braved through the off-night big crowd to enjoy the beverages and each other's company. Once you get hungry, you MUST ORDER THE WINGS! They're Duck Confit wings and they're incredibly soft, tender and juicy.... I think they may just have been the best wings I've ever had.I live right down the street from Varga and love it! The service and bartenders are always really chill and very good servers. 
FOOD-
Tasty food! Crab fries are pretty addicting and Duck Wings are very good.
The burger and veggie burger were ok... the meat was soggy with the burger and basically a mush on the veggie burger. 
BAR-
Good late night place any day of the week, good drinks and beers!I hate to say this but I was disappointed this visit to varga bar. I thought a mid after trip to varga bar was a great way to start my memorial day. Full of excitement I wondered what I would order. So after ordering I looked over there drink menu. I decided to order a miss June a mango guava Collins. I had high hopes for this cocktail. I looked over to the bartender and he pulls out Vladimir vodka and using it for the drink. As most my know vladimir vodka is the equivalent to rubbing alcohol. I have to say that drink ruined my dinning experience. I wanted to leave as soon as possible. All I can do is hope that this was a one time thing or I might have to stick to my beer next time.Best bar food I have ever had. The lump crab cheese fries are a must try.
Get the apple cider and the cereal ice cream!Been here twice and it is a pretty straightforward bar with some fun decor. The staff has always been nice and they have a solid beer selection. Haven't eaten much here but I would be willing to come back and check it out.I should preface this by acknowledging that I have been in the restaurant industry for the past 9 years, in all positions of hosting, serving, bartending and managing. So I am very patient and understanding when things go wrong in the industry. 
My friends and I were in search of a new brunch spot to try when we were recommended Varga bar. So why not give it a shot?! The menu showed promise. 
We dined here last Sunday around 12:15 so it was moderately busy, but my friend showed up early to snag a spot at the communal for us. We were greeted and ordered our beverages (2 coffees, a Mimosa, and a Lemon Drop). My friend has never had a Lemon Drop so I wanted him to try it, since it's one of my favorite go to drinks. 
Upon receipt of the drinks, we noticed that the Lemon Drop was a light pink not at all a similar shade to the light yellow I'm accustomed to or he had ever seen.  My friend tried it and said it was very tart, which is to be expected. So I tried it since I knew what they were supposed to taste like. This drink was so tart and definitely made with grapefruit juice to explain the color and taste. 
When our server finally returned to check on us and ask us if we wanted more coffee for our empty cups I brought up the drink to her. I simply asked if perhaps the drink was made with grapefruit juice since this drink was not like any Lemon Drop I have had before.  She asked the bartender and from behind the bar he tells us the ingredients poured for the cocktail in a snarky and matter of fact tone that he did not put grapefruit in the drink. Either way this drink was not made properly, no matter what ingredients he believes he used. 
The server struggled to handle the situation, saying well he says he didn't put it in. She ultimately offered to have another drink made, but we declined. If this drink weren't made correctly then how should we trust another drink? We were still charged $12 for the drink that stayed untouched at the table. 
The food was sub par and seemed to be lacking. I ordered the french toast was smothered in syrup. I recommend serving the syrup on the side so that the patron can control the amount.  My fiancee ordered the pancakes which had the syrup problem as well and was served cut in half and stacked diagonally, which was unnecessary. My friend ordered the veggie burger that was mediocre compared to others in the city. 
The server was aloof. Once our plates were cleared it took her about 10 minutes to visit our table. It took an unreasonable amount of time to drop off our check and process it. 
Varga bar should re- evaluate their waitstaff  because it's a shame to have this experience.Make sure Matthew waits on you!!  Varga under sells itself as a bar.  We had a great dinner with mussels, chicken half (which two people easily shared) and a Caesar salad.  Everything was perfect.  We met our daughter there for drinks and discovered by happy surprise they had food.  The brownie with ice cream was shared by three.  Matthew was flawless, coming back at perfect intervals to refresh drinks and make sure food was good.  He even got the chef to do a special prep on the mussels.  We now have a new fav place for when we return and daughter a new neighborhood hangout.  Thank you, Matthew!I finally found Ninkasi beer (an Oregon brewery) on the east coast! The beer battled pickles, turkey burger, and before burger were great. The beer is also reasonably priced. I liked the mustard sauce better than the barbecue sauce.As with Emily P., I really don't know why it took me so long to try out Varga Bar.  My friend and I finally decided to check out Varga Bar's offerings. He ordered the beer-battered fish and chips which he enjoyed very much. I ordered the papardelle with lobster, spinach, tomato; however, it tasted a lot like something I could get at Olive Garden :( But it was great nonetheless.
Highlight of the entire meal: breakfast ice cream! What a novel idea! Basically, you will receive three different flavors that are made in house. That night, the dish included Honeycomb, Cinnamon Toast Crunch, Fruity Pebbles. This dish alone warrants another visit, for you and me both. And I hear the truffled mac 'n cheese is amazing.look, if you don't know how to poach an egg, don't make eggs benedict one of your main breakfast stars. there were 4 of us and 2 of us got eggs benedict, anxious to try the orange hollandaise. everything was totally lackluster but all 4 eggs were nearly completely hard boiled. it only takes a couple minutes to poach an egg so once you realize you messed up, remake them. 
we came here so another person could get the burger, which we heard great things about. overcooked and chewy, disappointing flavor. the other person got pulled pork and it looked so dry, I couldn't even bring myself to ask how it was.
bloody mary was great, that earns two stars.Great atmosphere- small and open air diner with 1940s theme: Varga girls. Tap list was impressive segregated into Session Blond, Strong Blond, Session Dark, Strong Dark, Cask. Had things there like Port Mongo, Older Viscosity, Flying Dog The Fear, Sly Fox, Prism, Yards. Good variety. Some of the kegs seemed to be a bit off though. Staff was friendly and very knowledgeable about the local craft beer scene, which is gigantic obviously in Philly. Very cool place. Food was outstanding: steak frites were top notch, sliders and burgers were very good. Went here three nights in a row. Definitely worth coming here for dinner and not just for the bar.I've been to Varga several times and every experience is a good one. I have yet to be let down by this great bar. Whether its for lunch, brunch, dinner or just for drinks. There is a vast beer list and several specialty drinks that are Pinup girl themed. I'm really liking the whole Pinup girl theme, its a nice change from slumming in the dive bars.
The pricing on everything is generous, even the cheese platters are reasonably priced. Considering how close Varga is to Tria, I would definitely choose Varga for cheeses even though the variety is smaller. I'd sacrifice my variety to save money. Also, The service has always been polite and accommodating. No complaints there.
So basically Varga is good if you're on a budget and don't feel like dealing with dive bars. Delicious food, vast beer list, good specialty drinks, nice atmosphere,  and light on the wallet. I'd say that is worth five stars.Went for drinks and loved the pub food. Great munchies . A local bar with very good service. . Can't wait to go back!I've only been here twice but I always have a great time. I just love the atmosphere, the service, and the food. If I lived closer this would be a bar I visit on a biweekly or weekly basis. The beer selection never disappoints and the food is amazing. The watermelon salad they had over the summer was to die for and the fried pickles are the best I've ever had! You need to get these at least once!I don't know why it took me so long to try out Varga, I only live 3 blocks away.
First things first - this is a meat eaters restaurant. I am not a vegetarian, but I try to eat vegetarian as often as I can. So I went with the veggie burger. It wasn't that great, but after re-reading the menu and realizing that almost every other thing on the menu besides the salads had meat, that was probably my mistake.
My boyfriend got the braised short rib stew. It took almost 20 minutes for him to finally order it seeing as it was $17, but once it came he forgot all about the price. I tried it, and it was seriously amazing. Almost as good as my grandmothers. Delicious.
The beer menu is good, lots of choices on draft. (Happy hour is Mon-Fri, 4-6pm, where they have half priced draughts, cocktails and house wines.)
I hardly ever get dessert, but I decided to try their cereal ice cream trio, because it is made in house. Wow. The best ice cream I think I've ever had. I don't know why this hasn't been thought of before but seriously, it was incredible.
Service was good. Our waitress was very nice and quick with refills. 
I'll definitely be going back, this time I won't be so picky and go slightly out of my comfort zone and order some meat. Definitely recommended. 
Note: Their dinner menu isn't online, on their website or on menupages. The lunch menu is different, so don't do what I did and look at the lunch menu and go in for dinner expecting to order something.Went here with the boyfriend last night. Seem to have an awesome menu, which am grumpy about after making a New Year's resolution to eat better.  Ended up with mussels which were just OK.  However the beer selection was nice, including some as yet untasted Yards choices.  Boyfriend also claims Varga had the best veggie burger he had ever tasted.
Is the kind of bar that dulls your senses; is loud and dark.  But waitress was friendly and attentive and place is a-OK. Will return when have given up on New Year's resolution, which will almost certainly be within the month.I have eaten at Varga twice. Both times I got really great service and incredible food. The first time, we were there on a fairly quiet night, so my waiter thoroughly went through the menu with us, then he gave me a few samples of their beer when I was having trouble making a decision. Second time was busier and we sat outdoors. Some of their outdoor seating is weird but they let us move. The chicken wings, mussels, and brownie sundae are yummy!!I usually don't go to happy hour in the Washington Square area because I would miss most of it by the time I get home from work. On Thanksgiving Eve, I got to have a little fun in the neighborhood.
I've passed by Varga Bar a decent amount of times and I've heard people talk about it, but ultimately one of their happy hour listings on a local bar app led my group in. 
My group was just there for drinks but we were able to sit at a table with waitress service. That goes above and beyond in my books because sometimes I want to enjoy happy hour and conversation at a table- not at the bar. 
Our server Amanda was friendly and tolerant of the fact that we were just ordering drinks and already in a playful mood. She was on top of beer levels and came over to check our status when a glass looked low. 
During happy hour, most beers are half off. They have a pretty good craft beer selection with about 20 beers on draft. We were getting 10 oz pours of Firestone Walker Double Jack IP and Firestone Walker Union Jack IPA for $3-$3.50 a pop.  
Varga Bar has a great happy hour for those who can make it there by 6pm.I was here a couple years ago while visiting Philly and really enjoyed it.  Chill atmosphere, good beers, and great food.I was introduced to Varga by a friend and local Philly resident. While the establishment is a bit small, the food more than makes up for the establishment lack of room.  The crab fries are fantastic and Varga has become a regular visit for me when in the Philly area.  The staff is friendly and the atmosphere is very relaxed.  The bar has a decent selection of beer, though the wine list is a little lacking.crab fries....yummmmmm
scallop with crab, wild mushroom, asparagus special with truffle au jus.....yummmm
miss august cocktail (st. germain w/gin and other stuff)....yummm
rib eye cheesteak w/ truffle fries.....yummmm
def have to check this place out again....so many other things that were indulging (mac and cheese with truffles, roasted brussel sprouts...) but our tummies were maxed out to capacity...awesome service, place is kinda small but all good.I've become a regular to this delicious beer bar, and i've seen different beers literally every time i've been there (nearly weekly).  Showcasing some small brewery beauties and larger favs, the stuff they have on tap is always well described, and rarely disappoints (plus, they let you try before you buy, which is a plus in my book).  
Sliders are amazing. 
Fries with crab and cheese!?  never heard of it, but damn gina!  fantastic.  Duck wings are a newly amazing treat (but don't expect your normal spicy wing recipe).  
A little on the pricey side, admittedly, but a pleaser of palates.Came here with friends at around 11:30 at night for some drinks. Waitress was incredibly rude to us because we didnt order a full on dinner service. Given that this is a bar/restaurant and the time we came at, that hardly warrants such a negative, unprofessional attitude towards your customers. There werent any lines out the door and the restaurant was hardly packed so I don't know what her beef was. She made us feel incredibly uncomfortable with her eyerolls and snarks so I will not be coming here anymore. Drinks were good though just not the service. Heck service might be good - it could've been just my waitress.Two recent viisits and the wait staff and bartenders are rude.  They take forever to acknowledge your presence and have attitude.  Hostesses are nice tho.Enjoyed it while I was there. It's more divey feel than I expected but it was awesome inside. Great environment. Good date spot.Great neighborhood bar.  Good selection of beers.  Tasty food on the menu.  What more could you ask?!!I've been to Varga Bar a few times now, mainly for brunch, and it has been consistently awesome. Most recently, my SO and I went there for brunch. I had the spiced apple challah French toast, and she had the grilled ribeye & eggs. The French toast consisted of two thick slices of challah bread that were not overly soaked in egg and French toast can often be. I had it with a nice and crispy order of the applewood smoked bacon. My partner's ribeye was cooked perfectly and came with cheddar scrambled eggs, shiitakes mushroom jus, roasted potatoes. We were both very pleased with our choices and also very happy with the beers we had with our meals: me, the hand pulled Yards Vanilla Love Stout; she, the Rouge Shakespeare Stout on nitro. Service was excellent as it always has been.
Previously, at brunch, I had the outstanding lump crab, spinach and Boursin Omelet. We've also had the Varga salad, which has rroasted butternut squash, arugula, mint, red onion, toasted pumpkin seeds, shaved parmesan, cider-clove vinaigrette, and truffled mac 'n' cheese.
Their drinks are named for the months, e.g. Miss July, and are usually interesting and tasty. The beer selection is diverse and clearly delineated by style. The servers are always well-informed about the beers and can make helpful selections.This is a great example of a little restaurant in the city with a great concept and better food. It's not too stuffy and uptight and it takes that and runs with it. The menu selection is unique (the crab cheese fries are something everyone needs to experience), the beer menu is huge and the cocktail selection is small but unique. Service is great, with hipsters typical of Center City making up most of the staff. My only complaint would be that, for a cute restaurant with a great concept, the food and drink menus are a little busted-looking. Dirty and cracked laminate seems almost a crime for a place like this. I'd say upgrade to a paper menu in a metal or fabric binder and the experience would be perfect.I came here for brunch and I must say Delissssh! 
Not a huge selection of items for brunch, but that is okay. What they do offer .....comfort food, perfect portion size and perfect parings of ingredients.  And their bread pudding, OMG I died and came back to eat some more.... So good. Don't wait, order some.
The service was excellent as well. My coffee was always topped off, which is a plus for me. Nothing sucks more then cold coffee and begging for refills.Wonderful. The prices are perfect for what you're getting. The selection of beer on tap rotates often, and is great and goes well with the menu. Both indoors and outdoors the atmosphere is great, Varga Bar is well-rounded, and not missing a thing!I've gone here about 3-4 times. Each time I've left full, happy and quest bent to google the new beer I had there!! Great spot for after work wind down!!!Fantastic beer list, good service but unfortunately the food has really taken a hit the last few months.   There used to be a great selection of specials through the week but no longer.  Even year round items: truffle mac and cheese, pasta dishes, chili, have really dropped in quality.   
Go for a few beers and enjoy the outdoor seating. Sadly, I can't recommend more than that.Brunch: Not impressed. 
I've been walking by Varga almost daily and have been wanting to drop by as it looks absolutely adorable with great outdoor seating...unfortunately though, I was quite disappointed. 
Poor service - the sense of urgency with our waitress was so lackluster I actually started feeling anxious to leave as brunch had dragged on far too long with an unbussed table...
The food wasn't anything special either. Reading the menu, the eggwhite omelette I ordered looked delicious and flavorful - but it was quite bland. The lump crab fries were tasty at the moment - but ultimately were just frozen fries covered with processed cheese (a great hangover option though).
I've heard that Varga is a fun bar spot - so I won't completely disregard the place and may be back for a happy hour or an evening cocktail.Visited here on a beautiful late-April Friday night. Windows and doors were open wide, the Flyers playoff game was on the tvs,the place was hopping and the hostess was able to secure our party of four a table within a few minutes of our arrival.
We decided to opt for multiple plates to share throughout the table--the brussel sprouts, macaroni and cheese, sliders (cheeseburger and pulled pork). All of it was amazing. Really amazing. 
The place can get pretty loud, so I would not suggest it for a quiet dinner, but the service was speedy and the food was very consistent.I'd have rated Varga 2.5, as in comme ci comme ça. I decided to upgrade the rating because we had a hip and friendly waiter; he rocked the industrial piercing.
My overall impression is the management/owner is cheap and/or tasteless. Why should I care that the waiters dress in faded and lame "10th and Spruce" shirts or that the menu looks so raggedy with areas where water has seeped underneath the plastic? if quite basic presentation elements are neglected, I get the feeling other more serious may get overlooked.
All in all, the food was decent. I got the Varga salad with chicken; which was mediocre. The vinaigrette was relatively tasteless and did not add much. A friend and his wife got the clam/lobster pot, which they thought was very good. Another friend got the crabcake sandwich, which was also very good. Oh... those fries were a salt lick!
The beer selection was surprisingly quite limited. Thankfully the waiter was knowledgeable and helpful with beer selection.
So, I probably will not be going back for dinner. I may check out brunch sometime, perhaps I may get a different impression.Varga is up there on my favorites list in Philly so far.  Their beer list is top notch, and I mean every-beer-I-looked-up-on-Beer-Advocate-is 85+ top notch.  It appears that they have a very rare beer or two on tap at any given time as well (Pliny, anyone?)  
Their food menu is interesting and varied, and could keep me coming back for days with their "normal" stuff alone.  I tried the feta & watermelon salad as well as the turkey burger (I'm a fat kid trapped in a not-so-fat-kid's body, and I'm trying to keep it that way.)  The salad was awesome, the dude's 1/2 chicken beside me was awesome, and the turkey burger, though good, wasn't juicy enough to be awesome, but was good enough to be be good.  They also pickle their own seasonal veggies, so if you're a pickle nerd like I am, you're in luck.  
Their happy hour goes from 4-6, and includes half priced drafts, cocktails, and some wines.  No food specials, but that's a great draft special, considering the offerings.  
Lastly, they are a late night food option, serving a full menu until 1am...that's something that's rare in this city outside of Chinatown, apparently...
I could quite easily bump this up to 5 stars on my next trip back, but I'm not quite there yet due to the 3.5* turkey burger....Varga Bar is one of my favorite stops, in part due to the fact that it's pracitcally across the street from my lady friend's pad.  Equally important is the beer selection and food.  I don't know about any beer specials, but I like that I can stop in every few weeks and the beers are completely different than last time.  I recently boasted to 2 friends from DC that I probably try 2 new beers a month.  The food is very good too.
The duck confit wings aren't my style, but they are tasty.  Jumbo lump cheese fries, also not my style, but my companion liked them.  The Rigato was delicious and went well with the rye pale ale I had.  The Pan Roasted Chicken Breast was amazing.  Over the summer, lady and I tried the huge pot of seafood.  I doubt it's still available, try back next summer, but it was good.  Good sauce, good chunks of sealife.This Past Friday night my wife and I went to Varga Bar. We got there for Happy Hour, great deal, half priced beers! Food was really good. I had hummus plate and the asparagus tempura, very fun. 
The only downer was at the start of our visit. The hostess gave us a hard time about getting seated. There were not a lot of people sitting outside but she wanted to sit us right next to another two top, jammed next to another couple. Even though there were many free tables. She said she "wanted to optimize her table capacity". I guess I didn't care about her table capacity as much as I just wanted to sit comfortably in an empty restaurant. Whatever!Varga Bar may have a good selection of beers but it is no place you want to go for a Sunday lunch with your kids. We stumbled upon Varga Bar after a visit to Independence Hall -- four adults and three kids (4, 5 & 6 years old) on a lovely Sunday Spring day. They seated us immediately -- the place was not nearly full. We placed our order and that is when things went bad. After bringing us our beverages it was like we did not exist for the next 40 minutes. The rest of the tables around us filled in with young adults. 40 minutes to get a plate of eggs and four $9 salads that, on the menu, advertised as having grilled artichoke heart (1/2 of one), peas and fava beans (I tracked down three beans) and a few shavings of cheese. But the turkey burger for two of the kids was nowhere to be seen and no explanation (a simple "sorry, we will be right out with the burgers" would have been nice). So we waited and waited and finally got a server's attention. He went into the kitchen to check and came back out with someone else's plates and no notice to us. So we waited and finally got our server's attention. "We are very busy, it will be out as soon as possible." It's been 50 minutes now since we sat down with kids who were hungry when we walked in.  And the tables that were empty when we came in were fully served before we were. No offer of bread or anything to stay their appetite. We are doing what we can to keep the kids boiling point down and there is no empathy in this waiter's response. So I boil over and ask to speak with the manager. A big guy from behind the bar comes over to our table and everyone at the table felt he was borderline menacing. But 30 seconds after he left us, with no apology, our burgers magically appeared.  Meanwhile, the kids had eaten all my salad's cheese and artichoke. The turkey burger wasn't half bad, I stole a bite back but it has been a long time that I have been served this poorly.Went there last night for dinner and it was fantastic! Erin was our server and was super sweet and totally sold us on the special pasta with steak. Absolutely delicious! We got the cheese plate which was lovely and the food runner was a huge help doing us what was what on the plate. I got the fish tacos, which had a little too much onions but still good. We also got the 50/50/50 cocktail which I highly recommend.
Overall- great experience, amazing service and will definitely be coming back!Very average experience. Their fried pickles are good and cocktails remain dependable, but their main courses need some work. Turkey burger was a bit dry and their fries were unseasoned... but heck, who really cares, you're at a bar right?!Just an update on the happy hour situation: probably the best in the neighborhood - 1/2 price off all beers. It's a little early (4-6p), but definitely worth stopping by.I am going to start this review out by saying that frankly, I could have made a much better grilled chicken Caesar salad with my face with my hands tied behind my back after drinking a whole 5th of whiskey.
I went to Varga last night for the first time with my sister. The only two good things about this bar is that it features ample outside seating and the service is great. The food infuriated me, because as mentioned above, I could have made myself a better dinner with ingredients that I already had at home and for a much cheaper price. The chicken Caesar salad looked and tasted as if the chef simply overcooked a chicken breast, ripped open some bagged romaine, and set said dry chicken breast atop said bagged lettuce. For the sake of not seeming lackadasical about the dish's presentation, the chef then decided to add some "unique" fried polenta croutons to the mix. 
I had heard good things about Varga's beer selection, but after experiencing it for myself last night, I would rate it as simply lazy. They could have a much greater selection than what they have both on tap and in cans and bottles, especially for a place that markets itself as a "gastropub". For the love of all that is holy, Skinner's Tavern in Old City surpasses Varga's beer selection by leaps and bounds. In fact, rather than wasting my money at Varga, I will go to Skinners the next time.Love Varga so much! It's the first place I tried brussel sprouts and they were incredible so now I order them everywhere. Those, the cheese plate and Turkey with Warm Brie sandwich = probably the love of my life. All of the food is good. Always a good atmosphere - nice and small so you're never waiting long. Good drinks, too. Just took my mom and sister there last weekend and they loved it, too. Love!We were here on a Saturday night (7/6) for drinks only, it was past 10pm and we all had dinner already. But tell me why the waitress decided to give us such a terrible attitude even though we ordered at least 6 drinks for 4 of us? She rolled her eyes, talk in such a snotty tone, and even gave us a terrible look as we left. I have never seen such a degrading attitude in the service industry! I was confused as to what was going on, but my friends pointed out it was probably because we didn't order FOOD. Srsly? We drank and laughed it off, but seriously we will never come back here if we're ever in town. I cannot believe we gave her a tip. Even if you're having a bad day, don't put it out on your customers. The hostess who led us inside was friendly though, so I'm not trying to make it seem like all the workers here have that kind of attitude. 
The drinks were okay, I had hard lemonade (?) and it was eh, didn't even taste the alcohol. My bf had 3 rounds of sangria which was okay but for some reason he loved it. Small bar/dining area in the inside, with chairs/tables available outside. Great location, just unfortunate we were stuck with a snotty waitress.Since my last review I've noticed the food supply trucks delivering FROZEN French fries, pre-cut PACKAGED vegetables and various other "quality" items.  Frozen fries tells me a helluva lot.  No, thanks.Homemade Ketchup! There is no need for it!
It was a beautiful saturday afternoon and I had just recieved some bad news. With that being said the Girlfriend offered to take me out for dinner. I wanted to try Varga, Its a block away and from the outside looked pretty dope.  We sat outside at a table right near the front door and were greeted by our server, very nice but not very knowledgeable or convincing. I ordered a Long Trail Double IPA, I think it was $5 which is great value for a beer of that quality. The beer was cold and quite tasty. I was torn between the fish and chips or the Kobe Burger. I asked the server which she prefered and to say honestly, she made it sound like both were just "ok"  I chose the Fish and chips. The lady chose the burger. We didnt wait long but while we were the server put down homemade ketchup. This my friends is a no-no. Heinz is, in my opinion, one of the top 5 American inventions ever. There is no need to even think about making your own. You just dont mess with perfection. My girlfriend started laughing because she know how I feel about this, yes Im a weirdo. I didnt even ask for Heinz because I knew, from previous experiences, places that make their own dont usually bring in Heinz. I figured I would let it slide. We started with the truffled mac n cheese. It was very creamy, very truffled but not very hot. It was tasty albeit over truffled. When our entrees came they looked great, smelled great and were very hot, always a big plus. Four ample pieces of battered cod and small shoestring potatoes. The dish also came with 2 small ramekins of some sort of bland Aioli and Remoulade and a small sauce boat of malt vinegar. None of which was enough for the entire meal. The fish was very good, crispy, not greasy and very moist inside. The fries were a massive letdown, obviously frozen, underseasoned and lack flavor even with the vinegar. Oh how I longed for Heinz. My Girlfriends burger was massive and it was topped with boston lettuce and beautiful heirloom tomatoes. The Brioche Bun was very fresh and tasty also. She enjoyed it in all of its sloppy mess. Ended the dinner with an Allagash Tripel, a steal at $5.5  Overall the food was a solid 3.5, the price and selection of the beer was a solid 4 and the overall experience a 3.5. I will return, with Heinz ketchup packets in my pocket, Im just in no hurry to do so.Decent Food, great beer selection, cool pinup motif.  A place you'll look forward to meeting friends at.This is my favorite bar! I don't come here often enough however when I do I always enjoy whatever I order delicious cheese plates with unique accompanies like root beer reduced cherries and different honeys to compliment the cheese and only for 20$! 
The best burgers! Everything is so good! Even if you just opt for a Caesar salad it will come with delicious polenta croutons that are life! I really appreciate the executive chef's creativity! I haven't met him but I truly love his work! Such a clever mind. 
There's always plenty of amazing specials with crazy concoctions that have u at the description! 
They also always have a great selection of beers, decent deals and a cute atmosphere I love the pin up girls too! Thanx Varga! I love you!I was given this place by a friend who said it would be a great spot to add to my burger tour so even though I've never heard of the place I set out to conquer it and I must say the Kobe burger is pretty awesome.
Bun-- nice with a slight hint of sweetness
Meat--very high quality and great
Toppings--the only thing preventing this from being 5 stars the bacon is pretty awesome but I like more options
For the record the fries at every place I've been on the burger tour have not been good including the upscale restaurants so that is why I hardly mention them in my reviewsI love coming here on a weekend day! The heat lamps outside are great. I had one of the best hottie totties ever. Great apps and good location .Varga Bar is one of my favorites because everything they make is simply delicious! Sinful, in most cases - especially their cocktails - but what a fantastic indulgence befitting its themed artwork.
My personal favorites from Varga Bar are the Lump Crab meat cheese fries (cheddar AND parmesan) that have a touch of truffle oil that makes you want to gulp down the whole heaping bowl. I always make sure I have someone to share with me or I'd be ill. There is no way to stop!
Next, although not less in flavor are the kobe beef sliders. These come with dark greens, a tomato, bacon, (goat?) cheese and aoli that have a side of dill pickles (which I am often found adding to the burgers themselves). Everything I ever wanted in a burger and perfectly cooked to MR. They come with onion rings, but I usually sub out for one of their delicious side salads (dark greens, and a light dressing!) due to the aforementioned cheese fries.
I've also had their mussels, the Varga salad (which changes seasonally but is always well put-together), the steak sandwich and several specials (including the pretzels with wiz!) and they are all above average to excellent.
Sometimes a little cramped, but they are a great outdoor seating place in the spring, summer, and fall. Don't be discouraged!
Thanks, Varga, for coming to the neighborhood!We stopped by here for brunch on a Saturday, because whenever we walk by this place, it is always packed.  We were lucky to get a seat outside.  And things were looking good.  The brunch menu had a good variety of options and the cocktails looked good.  However, our enjoyable experience ended there.  It took the one waiter they had working over a half an hour to take our order.  And, I am convinced the only reason he did so was because I went inside and asked the host. 
The food was solid, nothing too special.  I had the turkey and Brie sandwich, with fries.  It was a good size and the fries were thin and not too crispy.  I enjoyed the house made ketchup.  My girlfriend got the eggs Benedict, which was served over bacon and sautéed spinach.  The dish had a nice garlicky flavor added to the spinach. 
Overall, the meal took us over an hour for two simple dishes, no drinks, and coffee. I'll definitely go back  for drinks and apps on a day I want to lounge and relax, but I would not recommend going if you are expecting a relatively quick and painless branching experience.Great beer selection, something for everyone. Only had the fried pickles to eat. Was expecting pickle chips, got small pickle spears. Tasted great, but not as easy for sharing like we were planning to do.Birthday dinner!  Had a stuffing-delicious experience.  Started with a cheese plate - it was the French cheese that I can't recall for some reason (it's the only French cheese plate).  I recommend it because the cheese is so soft it spreads easily.  On next to the Kobe burger and fries which were good, but what made them great?  Their spicy ketchup and mustard... soo good.  The finale?  A bomb of hot fudge, brownie, ice cream and cherry.  Was the meal expensive, yeah.  Did I totally enjoy it, yeah. Was I in pain and slipping into food coma..........I should preface every review and comment with the fact that I have high expectations. That being said, I'll continue to impart my experience at this joint.
Service: A+
The only problem that I had with the service was that our server actually asked how everything was a little TOO much. Over-zealously attentive is the only way I can describe it. 
Atmosphere: A 
If it hadn't been for the paddy-wagon parked outside with the lights a-blazing the entire time we were inside, the setting would have been tops. (Naked chicks floating amorously above me... I'm in.)
Food: B 
Ok, here is where we have some problems. The mac-n-cheese that is often touted as such glorious fare was (in my humble opinion) boring as f--k. Honestly, the flavors were much too mild for me to really appreciate.  
I asked the server what to order and she said that the chicken breast, which my friend had ordered, was the best thing on the menu. Well, we can't have two of the same at one table, so I ordered the veggie burger which I was told (again, by the server) was very good and made in-house. Here's the thing:  if you are going to call something a burger, it really needs to be in patty form. Period. This "thing" was total mush. The whole jawn fell apart as soon as I looked at it. It really was held together by love alone. Love couldn't save it. The chicken, on the other hand, was pretty darn good. 
The rest of the menu was somewhat uninteresting to me - I try to maintain at least a somewhat healthy diet, so all of the ultra meaty, fried, heavy options really threw a wrench in the works. On the other hand, there were some tempting appetizers that I will return to try out in the future (crab cheese fries... what?!)First off, I've been hearing Varga has been getting some beef about their "pin-ups" theme. Yes it may be a bit tacky but I realized now why it's called "Varga". It's named after Alberto Vargas, a famous pin-ups painter from his era. 
He lived quite a long life from 1896 to 1982 and has lived in the USA from 1916 living through a good great deal of American History. Wiki this guy, he's pretty awesome besides painting women in suggestive positions. He even did one of the covers for "The Cars" album a few years before his timely death. So no retirement for artists. YIPPY! Not to mention some of his works in 2003 were sold for more than he probably made most his life. Oh the irony!  
So now you know why there are tacky pin-up girls up on that ceiling. It's not just to get horny business types or rich Penn jocks to get a bonus with their burger, which by the way was quite tasty! My friend had the lobster rigatoni in a white sauce and it had a great aroma. 
We sat outside, it was a pleasent October night ( Thank you Philly humidity! ) and normally I'm against outside seating taking up pavement for city dwellers who commute through but Varga is in a section of town unlike some Rittenhouse Park places that set up tables on both ends up the sidewalk, leaving a small walk-way, which is a pain in the ass to go through, but don't get me started on that. 
There beer selections were pretty fair too, it's no South Philly Taproom or Standard Tap or even Monks but they do justice for some of the more beer snobs. 
Varga may not be for everyone and the pin-up thing might not go well for some and I wouldn't call this a family spot either but for a good time around the Jewelry District it's worth a peek.Can't slap the 5th star on, as I've not had the beer here, yet.
Hit it today for lunch. The menu is very short and not much stands out I must say. They really need to work on the menu. 
That being said, we had the Kobe Beef Burgers. Unlike Kobe Bryant,  our mouths were dribbling as we slam dunked this perfectly prepared portion. You might say it surely is raping the competition when it comes to great burgers in this city.  The fries and homemade ketchup both were slightly salty/spicy.. also must haves.
This joint has a great vibe..nice location, and terrific for ppl watching. Service was quick, prices are respectable.
I recommend coming when you can have a beer (not have to go back to work like me). Speaking of beer, their list looks impressive (craft brews, local potations).
Go now, go hungry. 
Nice work Varga, can't wait to come back.Great beer selection and fantastic cheese plate. Really good daily specials. Laura, our server was excellent and had great suggestions. Can't beat sitting outside in the middle of October.This is my go-to place when I don't feel like cooking, want good but not too expensive food, and want to feel like I "went out" but didn't put that much effort into doing so.  Great beer selection; though because it's always changing, it's hard to remember what you had the last time and liked, and whether it's still there.  For food: the eggplant parm sammie, brussel sprouts, veggie burger, and cheese plates are 4.5 stars.  I've had the mac and cheese, and the cheese is a little bit too milky/watery/liquidy.  On a nice day it's impossible to snag an outside table.  In the colder months, the heat lamps make it nice to sit outside, esp. when you've felt cooped up in your box of a center city apartment all winter long.  
My only complaint is that sometimes, I felt like the servers were kinda annoyed by your presence.  Like, make a decision already.  Or, drink up that little bit of beer left in your glass, cause I'm not supposed to give you another full one during happy hour til your last one is gone.  (BTW, half off drafts at HH; score! sad it's only til 6 pm).  Of the half dozen times I've been here, I'd say I've had this vibe twice.  Maybe I'm just insecure, cause Varga is so much cooler than I am.Love the food here but I can't say the service is great. We had a late dinner at Varga last night around 9pm and it was decently crowded. Fortunately there wasn't a wait for tables but it took forever to get a server and drinks. 
The food definitely helped make up for the long wait for food and drinks. I had the  Black Kale and Avocado salad which was delicious! Loads of avocado and grapefruit on top and the citrus dressing was the perfect level of sweetness to balance out the kale. 
I also had their Kobe Beef Chili which was topped with cheese and sour cream. Super hearty and delicious with a little bit of a spicy kick to it. It came with a huge slice of buttered garlic bread which was also great!
Overall excellent food and drinks which make it worth the wait. Great neighborhood spot for dinner or late night!My friend who lives next door to Varga and frequents it often has been trying to get me in the door for a while now but I've always declined.  Last week I stopped by to only snag a beer with him.  The bartender seems to have a solid relationship with all the regulars that walk in the door, pouring samples of new beers for people to taste before they commit to a full 16oz draft.  There are about 16-20 drafts with many house special cocktails.  
As I saw the appetizers and meals flow out the kitchen and onto other tables my stomach began to growl.  Having spent 4 years in the heart of the south I have become very fond of fried pickle spears, but they're always hard to find.  Varga had an excellent lightly battered fried pickle with a side of ranch (the key sauce to fried pickles that most places forget).  The wings were also very crispy.  
Today I went back for lunch only to see that they were offering $10 for a Kobe burger and a beer of choice.  Naturally seeing the free alcohol I couldn't decline, but I was skeptical of the burger due to the cheap price.  I ordered a medium rare and prepared myself to be disappointed with a far to regular over cooked medium well.  To my surprise it was cooked PERFECTLY!  It was also massive and had several slices of bacon on it. 
The downside is my friend ordered something off the special board that didn't have a price listed.  When the bill came they had charged my friend $17 for the Lo Mein.  How the heck does Lo Mein cost $17???  I had also heard good things about the cheesy crab fries so we split it amongst the group.  Sadly the cheese was too powerful and i could hardly taste the crab.  I would not get these again.  
5 hours have passed and I'm craving another Varga burger.  I will be back.It seems I end up at this place when I have no other choices and I usually regret my visit. On first glance, it's a fun hang out, but the food is SO oily and greasy. In my 5 or 6 visits I've tried the mac and cheese, pasta, brussel sprouts, burger, veggie burger, and sandwich. All of them were so packed with garlic and grease that I felt gross when leaving. 
I would still give this a 3 star rating but the staff is a bit stuck-up if you're not a regular, so that is a downer too. Even if you just want to go there to watch a game, no one talks to you and it seems like the server is burdened by your presence. 
I'm not a fan...and I wish I were. The place looks so hip, but the appearance is deceiving.Too bad, as one of our local spots we are becoming more and more disappointed. The service is becoming mediocre... I asked for their special: a mixed drink of sparkling wine w/ some liquor! ($8.50) The bartender filled up the whole glass with ice. I had a total of two sips and the drink was gone!!! When I told the waitress that I will have another one with less ice please! She said: "it's fine but you get the same amount of alcohol anyway!!!" $17.00 for that? Me thinks not!This place makes the only good turkey burger I've ever had. The meat wasn't dry at all, and the melted cheddar and aioli helped a lot, too. It came with fresh, lightly dressed greens, and the brioche bun was toasted and buttery.
They get two demerits - one for slow service (our waitress was sweet, though) and one for bar stools at the tables. Super weird.Varga Bar will always have a special place in my heart as it is the first place dining partner and I ever dined together. The first time we went we sat outside, both ordered Miss August cocktails that were pink and delightful, and split crab fries and kobe beef sliders. The crab fries weren't just seasoned with old bay, there was actual crab meat on the fries! The sliders were pretty good, but after four drinks any food was appreciated.
We came back for our second go-around Friday evening and managed to get a table outside in a prime people watching location. Hoping to reenact our first dining experience, we both ordered Miss August drinks. There was a curiosity about whether or not last time the drink included whiskey, but we dismissed it because we remembered it being really good. The drinks arrived but they were yellow and less delightful. When we asked the waitress what the deal was, she explained that the drinks change month to month, so the Miss August we previously experienced had changed. This was fine, totally our misunderstanding. There was no offer of a  different drink, weird for customer service, but understandable. Not ones to let alcohol go to waste, we reluctantly suffered through them to get them out of the way and ordered the Pink Lemonades, much more our speed. For food, I ordered the pulled pork tacos and dining partner ordered the lobster roll special. Both were really good, especially his lobster roll. The pulled pork in my tacos was super juicy and drippy-YUM. The tortilla itself was disappointing, lacking flavor. Maybe it needed salt? Who knows. This is a really cool place, with lively people having a good time. The craft beer selection is extensive however I get distracted and end up ordering colorful cocktails. There are more Varga nights ahead.Despite having lived in the neighborhood for quite some time, I never managed to generate any interest for a potential trip to Varga Bar. A recent dinner confirmed the fact that I've been missing out. The beer list, as expected for any respectable Philly gastropub, offered numerous choices for any palette conveniently divided between "strong" and "session" brews. Though other reviewers find this system of classification irksome, it makes deciding on one of the twenty-two taps simpler than usual. The beer prices do run a bit high, but certainly aren't unaffordable.
We began the meal pleasantly with an order of Varga's famous crab and cheese fries. The cheese sauce ladled on top of the crisp, thin spuds provided a pleasant, milky tang with a creamy texture. Even when it inevitably congealed from sitting at room temperature too long, the combination of the aforementioned cheese sauce and ample chunks of lump crab complimented each other well, and this fry creation subsequently was as good as advertised.
Our main dishes similarly hit the spot. A friend ordered the pork belly cubano (a special that day) which brought crunchy yet soft pressed bread and decidedly porcine meat in a compact sandwich vehicle. His sandwich ranked among the better Cubans I've tried in the city, yet my fried oyster po-boy tasted even better. Though not a po-boy in the authentic sense, it brought a fantastic combination of flavors and textures. Namely, the shatteringly crisp yet pillowy soft french bread, oceanic oysters, light cole slaw, and house pickles struck a harmonious, gustatory chord. The sandwich actually outclasses my previous favorite at Khyber Pass. Old-bay fries served alongside maintained a pleasant crisp even after a bit of time on the table.
Other perks of Varga include a 4-6 happy hour with half-off drafts and buck-a-shuck oysters all day, making for some potentially economical drinking and munching. Even without specials, the food didn't cost too much given the ample portions and ingredient quality. I certainly will return to sample the menu further.Walked in for lunch on a Friday because there was a wait down the street at Cheus noodle bar. I had heard mixed reviews on this place so I was a little apprehensive. We walked in and the place was pretty empty so we were sat as a group of 5 right away. They do have a row of outdoor sidewalk seating but due to impending rain we sat inside instead. The place is pretty small and the atmosphere is laid back.
Everyone in our group got the lunch deal of a burger and a beer for $10 dollars (Which I admit, is a pretty great deal) and I decided to try one of their daily specials, the Buffalo Lo Mein. We also got an order of crab fries to split. 
My Lo Mein was pretty good. It consisted of noodles, broccoli, and chicken in a blood orange buffalo sauce. I was skeptical of the "blood orange" aspect at first, but was actually pretty happy when my dish came and there was no orangey flavor at all. The crab fries were good, but it's one of those dishes you have to eat right away or else everything becomes a soggy goopy mess within five minutes. 
Everything seemed to be going along pretty okay until we received our bill. $17 for a Chicken Lo Mein?!? The only thing different from this dish and a $7 Lo Mein I can get in Chinatown is that they added buffalo sauce (what an upcharge!!). It's also upsetting because the price was never written anywhere or said by our waitress when she was going over the daily specials. I found it so ridiculous that such an average restaurant can get away with such shady charging practices. If you come, I'd just stick to the regular menu items unless you're okay with being completely robbed when it's time to pay.Nice menu, food specials, and beer list.  Cocktail list skews a bit to the sweeter side.
Fun atmosphere, helpful and friendly service.
Wish they took reservations!I really enjoyed this gastropub for its outdoor seating, vast beer selection, and good and relatively inexpensive food. We waited about 20 minutes to be seated outdoor on a Wednesday night and were pretty thankful we got a seat at all as the city was packed. One of the better locations in the city. Varga Bar always has 22 beers on tap. I had the Oberlin Wheat Ale which was very comparable to a Belgian honey wheat ale. We split a cheese plate for appetizer which was awesome. Sorry I can't remember the names of the cheeses (it's my fiance's thing) but it came with an assortment of fruit, sauces, and honey and was delicious. I had the jumbo lump crab cake for entree and it was one of the best I have had. Came with old bay aioli and grilled red onions. Perfectly spiced. Really well done. Also came with a side of fries covered with Cajun seasoning. The servers were very friendly although it took a while for them to bring out the food and beers. 
One of the better places in the city to grab a drink outdoors on a warm night in a great location in Washington Square West.I think this place is pretty good, but I didn't find anything overwhelmingly awesome about it.
The mac-n-cheese I had was good.  The beer I had was overpriced.  The server I had was average.
They have a happy hour with some drink discounts, but there were no food discounts.I've been here twice, and honestly you don't have any bad choices. My most recent trip, I hadn't been feeling too well all day and we decided to stop in and grab something to eat. The waitress was so wonderful, she even brought me a drink that she knew would help me feel better - and it did!! (Gingerale and bitters, who knew?) That being said, I cannot suggest eating their truffled mac n cheese enough!! Not to mention their pretzel appetizer platter is fabulous as well!
Beer selection is great, and I'm in love with their month themed mixed drinks.I basically want to live in Varga. I want them to feed me all my meals, and get me drunk, and keep me forever. 
Seriously, I've walked by Varga about a thousand times (they're down the street from my house), and I've thought about stopping in tons of times without actually stopping in. 
The other evening we were walking home from the Franklin Institute (sometimes we just walk a few miles for fun) and finally decided on stopping at Varga. After being there I can honestly say I'm an idiot for not getting there earlier. We were sat in what I will call their 'tent' area. Basically they've tented in the outside and put heat lamps in. It was a bit cold, but it didn't matter at all. Our waiter was awesome and as attentive as he could be (given we were outside and he had tables inside also), and quick with suggestions and help.
At one point my bf ordered a beer that when the waiter had gotten to bar turned out to be kicked- instead of coming back empty handed, our waiter brought me my beer, and brought my bf a taste of a different kind of beer closest to what he was considering ordering. That simple gesture has completely sold me on this place.
We only ordered some appetizers, sliders, crab cheese fries (with lumb crab meat) and duck confit wings, but from these few items and our beers and the way we were treated, I can tell that this is my kind of place, and that we will return in the future. I didn't even mind that it was kind of cold, because I was so content with our experience.Appetizers are good. Kobe sliders were pretty good. Mac & cheese was rich and creamy. Crab lump cheese fries were delicious- very heavy but awesome.
Service is just okay.
Kitchen is open til 1AM.
Lots of draftsA great neighborhood place for a good cocktail or beer. The food is just average, but the menu is fun and a little different. Not a dinner joint. Desserts are much better and the service is great. Come here for drinks and something sweet. Awesome beer selection if you're a beer lover.Great place. I went here one night with about 6 other friends and were able to try a variety of things! Some of the things we tried: jumbo lump cheese fries, duck confit chicken wings, varga salad, and kobe beef sliders. We ordered a couple plates of the duck confit chicken wings because they are incredible! The drinks were good as well. Once of the better gastropubs I've visited.Very cute place with great service, but I'd argue that the food was just... okay? I had the duck confit wings and the crab cheese fries -- to which both weren't nasty, they just weren't memorable in any way. I'd be willing to give the place a shot again, but I haven't been wowed yet.Review for beer only--- One of the best tap lists around. Excellent happy hour from 4-6 w/ 1/2 price drafts. Friendly knowledgeable staff and great service.A good brunch place. The carmelized banana pancakes were excellent and are more than enough to feed you for the rest of the day and then some. They also serve up decent soft shell crab sandwiches in season and the desserts (we tried some sorta frozen Klondike bar-type things) were pretty good too. Service is good but be forewarned, it's kinda tight seating quarters so (depending on who you are seated next to) it can be like being in a reality show because you are hearing everyone's gossip.Had a great experience here on a Saturday afternoon/early evening. Great service, nice atmosphere, and delicious food. The waiter was active and involved without being pushy and everything was served with nice timing - not too rushed, not too slow.
Only complaint is that the tables are a little close together (ended up with a somewhat annoying person to my left - and they were close enough to have easily listened to their conversation word-for-word if I'd wanted to).
The ketchup is hands-down, bar-none amazing. It's not really even ketchup, just pure tasty goodness in a bottle. My boyfriend and I ended up using over half a bottle between the two of us!I LOVE this place! This is so very rare. It is the perfect American spot with some fresh twists (all that crab!).  I had a girls brunch there and it was amazing. Definitely get the omelette with crab, boursin, and spinach!  Absolutely delicious! We also split their blueberry pancake stack, which was the most amazing pancake I've had in a while. And if you are too full, you can always ask for the half stack!! They are very accommodating. Very unexpected! 
I will definitely be back to dinner soon!  Love love love!Went to Varga for drinks & dinner on Friday with a few friends. I was a little disappointed their happy hour only runs until 6pm. Enjoyed a few different beers.  They have a very good rotating beer menu. Enjoyed a Troegs Sunshine Pils. Companions liked the Stone's Arrogant Bastard. For a cocktail, I had the Miss May, a strawberry lemonade concoction which was very refreshing.
I devoured the lump crab cheese fries (french fries topped with lump crabmeat, parmesean, white cheddar). They were unbelievably good. The mac & cheese was okay. The hot dog was very good. 
Overall we enjoyed the visit. The jukebox was great, and the open windows are a nice touch. Service was wonderful. I wish they had some more beer specials!Excellent beer selection, great atmosphere, especially when they take the windows out and let the crisp, fall air flow through the entire place.  Oh, and they have beer battered pickles, which are the perfect late-night snack.I'm not totally sure why this place gets so much hype.  Don't get me wrong, its not a bad place, and when the weather is nice they can open up the floor to ceiling windows and you can be inside and still enjoy the weather outside.  They also have a pin-up motif and no one can complain about that.  But at the end of the day, its simply another bar that blends into the rest of the bars in Philly.  It has an overpriced and uninspired beer list.  Last time I was there the only beers that had any originality were out-of-season styles.  I asked for a small taster of one of the beers, common practice at any bar with a respectable draft rotation, and was rejected.  
Is it bad enough that I would never return? No, but I wouldn't make it a regular stop.Came here with a friend last week and we really enjoyed ourselves. Jumbo Lumb Fries were to die for as well as the Kobe Burger with a Fried Egg. The raspberry flavored beer with a great pairing with the meal.Butternut Squash soup with Lump Crabmeat and maitake mushrooms.  The soup had so much flavor.
My sister in law had the ham and cheese firing rolls. They were absolutely delicious in her words. The combination of the ham and cheese with the pickle  gave it just the right tang.
The scallop special with vegetables was just devine. The scallops were cooked to perfection and the vegetables were just beautiful. There was such a great variety of vegetables cooked just to perfection.I have mixed feeling on Varga Bar.  First, where are the great cocktails?!  I mean c'mon, they have a perfect little niche to have a great cocktail list and yet, none.  They do have a pretty great beer selection but sometimes a girl wants a cocktail.
I did have a pretty fantastic veggie burger but I thought their crab fries with real crab were kinda 'eh (I must admit I will crave Chickies and Petes fake gooey cheese over Varga Bars any day).  My dining partner raved over his kobe beef burger but I can't speak about it personally.  Basically their food is just fancied up pub food which bars have been doing all over Philadelphia for awhile now.
The ambience though, like most people prior have pointed out, is major fail.A great little bar with good food options. The drink specials are well worth it. Definitely get the Brussels sprouts and the eggplant parm sandwich, you won't regret it.OMG Lump Crab Truffle Cheese Fries, I have found heaven.  This is one of the best things I've eaten in a while.  There were large lumps of crab meat and the fries were perfectly crispy and thin.  The truffle was noticeable but not overwhelming, complemented with cheese.  ORDER THIS!
The oysters tasted very fresh too.  The arugula salad was tasty, we added chicken to this and we all wished there was more arugula than there was chicken.  We also got the special soft shell crab sandwich.  This was the least favorite of the group.  It was a bit heavy in our stomachs and wasn't too flavorful.  It came with old bay fries and that was okay.
But seriously, I'd come back for those fries, like ASAP!Good food, decent beer selection but both loud and crowded; so be prepared if heading here prime time Saturday night.  Service was friendly and attentive. The soft Philly pretzel appetizer was great and served with 2 dipping sauces; cheese and spicy mustard. I had the roast chicken with fingerling potatoes and veggies, this was so full of flavor, just delicious. G had pasta special, manicotti with spinach in garlic wine sauce and seemed to enjoy as well. G thought this spot would be good for drinks after work especially with the outdoor seating.Went again tonight. Wanted something quick and thought I would watch Phillies game. Game was delayed by rain. Oh well. Rather than a burger they had soft shell crabs sauteed with spinach, tomatoes and garlic. Sounded healthy and good. Plating was great and I was excited.  Unfortunately the two crabs were big and tasty, but sitting in tons of butter and oil.  Great crabs that did not need the puddle! And then I got the bill for $28. This is a casual gastropub and on the specials list without a price.  I am not cheap but didn't expect this charge, especially when the bottom crab was soaked in butter and oil.  I will not rush back..maybe just for a game and a burger.I live around the corner from Varga.  I am obliged to eat here from time to time.
The food here is always good.  Their beer selection is pretty decent (aka they already have pumpkin beer!!!).  Their salads and sandwiches are always really good, but not something I'd crave.  They have a pretty mean veggie burger and every now and then I'll indulge myself in their cheese fries which have crab in them- delicious.  The only real miss I ever had there were the duck wings.  Maybe I just don't like duck.  My fellow diner seemed to enjoy them.
I love how there's a ton of outdoor seating- even in the winter!  Do it up, Varga. 
Why 4 stars?  I've never had a 'wow' experience.  I also always end up with this one waitor who won't look me in the eye and it drives me nuts!  What's your deal?!  
All in all, Varga is good but with the limitless dining opportunities at your fingertips in center city, I'd probably choose somewhere else if it weren't for its convenience.1.  We waited 9 minutes for any attention and we couldn't order quite yet because they hadn't brought us a beer menu.  The dude was very apologetic, but I was still pretty annoyed.  They weren't busy at all so there were really no excuses.
2.  The brussels sprouts were good.
3.  The beer was good, but I ordered a pint and then they brought one of those half pints because they can't actually serve a real pint because of the alcohol content things which is really annoying.  I hate that.  However, the beer was pretty tasty.
4.  The veggie burger was the only vegetarian option on the menu and it was disgusting.  It was mushy and tasteless.  It was dressed with tomato, lettuce, and cucumber.  The bun was too big and I can't believe they have the audacity to charge $10 for it.
5.  The side salad was disgusting and I couldn't eat it.  The lettuce was fresh and crisp, but completely covered in salt and vinegar.  Why not just serve the burger with the mediocre french fries?
I wish I had saved the money and eaten Ramen at home.The selection of craft beers is amazing let's just get that out the way...Great service, nice atmosphere,  yet the food left something to be desired. I possibly made one bad choice when it came to the crab fries which are by far canned. The taste and texture of canned crab lingured on my palate and almost made me wish I had some Scope to rinse my mouth out with in the bathroom. I finished with a steak entree. The steak was cooked to perfection with just as perfectly cooked asparagus and truffled potatoes which made this review go up from two stars to three. M waitress recommended the White Rascal beer which cut right threw the fat from the steak and complemented the earthiness of the fresh asparagus. I'd return for sureFood was good and so was the service. Crab fries are the bomb and so was the Mac and cheese. Def a must go!I had the best eggplant sandwich I have ever had IN MY LIFE here. I have had a lot of eggplant sandwiches, but this one used a combination of sprouts and this amazing tart creamy sauce that honestly blew my mind.  A friend and I split this sandwich and the lemon poppy seed pancakes which were also incredible. A third friend had the eggs benedict, which were delicious, but a little less inventive than our dishes.  LOVED THIS PLACE!!!!I only had drinks - no food. The bartender was fast but not overly friendly or talkative. 
 They have a lot of beer selections! I drink beer but I was in the mood for a stronger 
cocktail so I opted for one of their many 'Beer Cocktail' selections. I ordered 'Beast of Burden' ($9.50) and really liked it! It was a refreshing mixed drink made of Pilsner, vodka, ginger beer and lime juice. It was smooth and easy to drink. I recommend this if you like beer and vodka!  However, I think it was on the pricey side but in this section of the city that is expected. 
The atmosphere is kind of like a lounge atmosphere because it's small and the lighting is dark. There were a lot of people dinning outside on the sidewalk while I was there too. I'd like to go back for their food because after reading the reviews it sounds like it is worth a try.I haven't seen lump crab meat featured this prominently in a menu since Red Lobster's crab fest.  Although tempted by the crab cheese fries, we stopped in for brunch, so I wanted to start the day sans belly bomb.  Instead, we ordered their turkey burger and the crab/spinach and boursin omelet.  Both were delicious.  
The turkey burger was extremely tender and flavorful.  Its resemblance to a falafel (crunch on the outside, tender and spiced on the inside) actually confused us at first.  But with confirmation by the waiter and chef, we chowed down on a very tasty turkey burger, smoky with a nice pinch of cumin.  My omelet with the whipped boursin was fluffy and simple.  The three main ingredients - lump crab meat, wilted spinach, and boursin complemented each other nicely.  Their roasted potatoes are nice and crusty with hints of rosemary.  Although I usually drench my potatoes with ketchup, I didn't find it necessary at Varga. 
In all, I really enjoyed brunch at Varga.  Our waiter was friendly and attentive (I never saw the bottom of my coffee) and the food was pleasantly quirky and well-made.  Although we kept it alcohol-free for brunch, we noticed that Varga also has a fantastic line of beers on tap.  The friendly service and unexpected flare is why I love Varga and Philadelphia.Varga has established itself, in my mind and I'm sure many other's, as a great place for craft brews.  I went here for the first time for food this past weekend and this did not disappoint either.  
The Kobe Beef Sliders and Lump Crab Fries were the standouts on our table, but there were a lot of interesting choices on the menu that we didn't even get to try (for example, the pot o' pickles...description: assorted housemade pickled vegetables...yes please for next time!!).  
Another huge plus- they had my favorite Anchor Steam beer on tap, Old Foghorn.  Did they know I was coming?The crab cheese fries are my absolute favorite dish here!!!! They are constantly expanding the menu and have great salad/burger options. Beer lovers AND cocktail lovers can both find drinks they'll love. My only complaints are 
1) it's a super small space considering how busy and popular they are, so unless you get the table right up front which is super roomy, you'll be stuck crawling over each other to get to your seat and asking people to move out of the way constantly (I hate doing this, but the food is THAT good that I put up with it every time) and 
2) the service is horrible...I've come here at least a dozen times over the past few years and every single time the waitress is rude to someone in the group - whether it's rushing us and clearing our plates while there's still food in them or eye rolling at questions about the drinks. The food is served rather fast, and the interaction with the wait staff is minimal since people working in the kitchen bring out the food (and they are super nice), but it's annoying enough to make me comment about it. 
Overall, I will keep coming back to Varga because of the innovative and delicious food.Varga Bar is one of my neighborhood favorites. Their menu is constantly changing so there were always new things to try. Their beer selection is one of the best of town. There is both indoor and outdoor seating.Came here on Friday night for some late night food with some friends, and was really impressed. The weather was perfect and our group got to sit outside to enjoy it. We ordered the brussel sprouts, cheese platter, Anderson Valley Crema beer, a lychee martini, and a burger. The service was great, the staff was very nice, and the food was tasty. The brussel sprouts were cooked to perfection, and the lychee martini had me reminiscing Tokyo. I will definitely be back and highly recommend it.I went for drinks here and ended up ordering the mini kobe burgers and pickles. The pickles were ok but the mini burgers were ridiculous. I've tried many mini burgers (Ian is obsessed with them) and these were probably the best I've had.  The meat was perfectly cooked and seasoned and the bun to meat ratio was perfect.  The dish comes with 3 burgers so it is easy to share if you are feeling generous. 
I've heard the brussel sprout dish and the mac 'n cheese with truffle oil and bacon is a staple here. I will definitely try it the next time I come back. 
The beer selection was a nice surprise as well. You can order by the pint or even by the half pint.Gastropub is too aloof a term for this place.  It is just a great neighborhood bar serving top notch food.  Friendly service by the likes of Amanda and others is another reason to try it.We stopped by for their outdoor beer week shindig. It was good for a quick beer but there wasn't too much excitement or socializing. The dj was playing some good music and the drafts were great and only $5 no matter what you ordered. I probably wouldn't go back for drinks with all the places to go in Philly but I hear the brunch is good so I might try that.Was in Sunday night - had Yards IPA hand pull.
Great bartender - good vibe.
Nice work!Went to Varga when the had a Stone Flight special.  The food was good and the beer was good as well.  I like the constant rotating tap and their beer prices are affordable.  The menu is typical but has some nice renditions of average food such as the mac and cheese with a nice twist.  The crowd that night was somewhat off-putting.  I would consider it with a larger group of people and not so much a one-on-one date type environment.I was here all day for the Pints and Pin-Ups Block Party, and had a great time.  It was a gorgeous day, there was a DJ playing some decent music, a dunk tank, a hot dog eating contest, and I made some new friends playing flip cup for about 3 hours.  I mostly drank the Southern Tier Pale Ale which was good.  They also had a grill outside with hamburgers and hot dogs. 
I will definitely go back post-beer week.I never wrote a review this place? Honestly, I love Varga for its ambiance and its beer, its outside seating, and its proximity to my workplace. There's always an interesting special on the menu, too, and the food has yet to disappoint. A wee bit overpriced, but come at happy hour and fill your belly with a strong ale for half price. I read some reviews that talk about cockroaches jumping out of burgers. I have to say, that doesn't shock me, and that's entirely possible, and the reaction sub-par. If it happened to me, I wouldn't go back either. But it didn't yet. So I will return until it does, because I love it there.The BF and I were feeling a bit nostalgic, and visited the old nabe for lunch. Varga was our absolute favorite spot. I'm afraid to say...I think it may have been a proximity infatuation! 
Beer offerings are still great. I can't remember the last time I got bad service - anywhere. This doesn't happen often, and I'm very taken aback by it when it does - especially at my former favorite bar! Maybe we had given this place too much credit in the past.
It was not completely full, but the service was slow, both of our orders were wrong, mine more wrong than the BF's. I could tell the server wasn't really listening when we ordered. The barback was much more accommodating than our server in handling the mistakes. The food seemed saltier than I remember, too.
Our beers ended up being comp'd for the inconvenience, but...I think we would have much rather not have been inconvenienced. Let's remember, people like to spend money where they know it will make them happy.
I don't even really know how to write a bad review, so forgive me. I usually get sad when I read a bad review for a place I like, but know that it makes me sad to have to write this one!A mediocre spot for brunch, but in a great location and with great ambiance. 
Unfortunately, the dishes sound better on the menu than they actually taste. We got the caramelized banana pancakes, some version of their stuffed french toast, and an omelet that was on their specials menu with avocado. All dishes were standard-- nothing too crazy or fancy. However, the prices aren't too expensive, which is nice!
I definitely think it's not the best BRUNCH spot to hit up per se, but it might be better for dinner and drinks.I've been going to Varga Bar for about 2 years now, and I've never left the place unsatisfied.  Although pricey, you're absolutely getting what you pay for here.  The Duck Confit wings are outstanding...easily the best, most unique wings in the city of Philadelphia.  The rib-eye cheesesteak and kobe beef hotdog are also both excellent meals, guaranteed to please any fan of non-traditional pub fare.  
Combine this with an (almost always) amazing tap list and you have my favorite downtown bar.  Great for a date, or even just a couple beers during happy hour.
My only complaint is that sometimes the beer gets a little pricey; $9 for a Firestone Walker XV and no happy hour price?  Jeez, I might as well just shell out and get a bottle at that point.  Sorry guys, still love you.Can't believe I haven't written a review yet for as often as I come here.  About time!
I love Varga Bar because:
First and foremost:  Buck a shuck Oysters!! All day every day!!! (except now i'm told they are no longer $1 on Fri & Sat, which is OK by me, too busy anyway).  I'm used to most gastropubs serving $1 oysters only during 5-7pm HH.  Not Varga!! Come here at 10pm, who cares!? Still get your oysters for a dollar.  
Secondly, the food is always top notch.  Everything I've had has been phenomenal.  Turkey & warm brie sandwich with caramelized apples was lip smacking delicious.  The pork tacos were also great.  The Boston Bib Lettuce wraps were so yummy, and so was the veggie burger.  I've heard (but not tried yet), the truffle mac & cheese is a signature dish along with the brussel sprouts, so I will try those next. 
The place itself is small, but there's plenty of outside seating which is nice.  They open up the huge windows to the outside seating area.  Waitresses are always friendly.  The bartenders are nice, and very knowledgeable about the beer.
There is about 20 taps here, always rotating and they always have several selections of "heavy hitters" with 10%+ ABV.  You will always find something rare here.  Also, if you're not a beer drinker (sorry for you!), J/K, they also have several kinds of specialty house mixed drinks that are delicious.
Varga bar is certainly one of my favorite local spots in the city, to drink a rare craft beer, eat some dollar oysters, and chow down on amazing food.  Hell, I love this place so much that I bought the t-shirt!The wings are made with duck fat...OMG. . They have this pomegranate molasses sauce that has a hit of heat. .yuppppppppppppppp. then there's the deviled eggs with the marscapone cheese bacon and panko.. the beer selection is good and the hand crafted cocktail are a hit .. was a great first impressionThis place is awesome.  We were out for the cheese crawl and found our way here after we were done.  It's a cool little spot with great beer choices.  I'm not a fan of having to read off a blackboard, but was not a real issue for me.  I had the andouille sausage hash, and it was fantastic, topped with a fried egg and I had to force myself to eat slower to truly enjoy the meal.  Our waitress was great, she was right on the ball and gave us the low down on the place and the story of the pinup girls.  Definitely made the day that much better.  Put this on a spot that you must get to.
The crab fries were just too good, don't skip on them.Sad to see the veggie burger and varga salad have been taken off the menu. Not many veg options now, and difficult to make any of them vegan. Used to be a favorite, but I don't have much of a reason to dine here anymore.So I predict this place will last as long as the cantina that was here before it. I don't even know where to begin. If the theme of the place is pin-up girl inspired cocktail bar, I think maybe my server shouldn't be wearing a polo shirt, saggy jeans, and sneakers, and I think there should be more than 4 cocktails on the menu. And speaking of menus, we had to ask for a food menu, then when we ordered our drinks and one friend ordered a pot of pickles, the food menu was cleared away. We had to ask for it again. I decided to split crab meat cheese fries with a friend, and they were actually really good. They were skinny and crisp with lots of crab, white cheddar, and parmesan - it's nice to see actual cheese on cheese fries!  I was almost done with one beer and ordered another, then before I realized what was happening, my existing beer was cleared away. When the check came it was tucked into a Coors Light can, which I totally didn't get. I thought there were a few things on the menu I might want to try, but I won't be rushing to head back.Oh my lord, the wings.....the wings.....what to say about the wings?  Easily the best in the city.  I mean.....they actually confit the wings in duck fat.....for like 5 hours......YES!!!
Ok...enough about the wings.  Thoughtful menu. Solid beer list.  Attractive decor.  Friendly and attentive staff.  And its on my way home from work.  
WIN!Varga is my neighborhood gastropub! I like coming here for drinks outside on a nice day, Friday night dinners, starting the night....you name it. The food here is pretty good. The service is always prompt and friendly. The wait is never too long. One tip- if you want to come here for dinner on a Friday, arrive around 9 to avoid a long wait.Let me first say I love Varga food...the menu is great & the blackboard is usually awesome...except tonight!  I ordered the lobster tortellini in brown butter sauce...for $24...well...the butter sauce tasted great but there was NO LOBSTER ...just cheese tortellini with some shrimp...it took almost a half hour to get my dish so maybe they ran out & tried to substitute shrimp but really...was very disappointed!I used to love going to varga when I lived very close by. I decided to go back on Saturday, and I was so disappointed! First of all, it was a Saturday night at 7:30, and there were many empty tables--I was surprised.  
Next, our waitress was--distant.  She basically threw down what we ordered and moved on with her day. She asked us how everything was as she kept walking by our table. It was really bizarre. I am not sure what we did to peeve her, but she seemed to be rather happy talking to her friends at a nearby table and watching the hockey game with her fellow waiters and waitresses at the bar. I guess we were in the way of her fun!
Lastly, my turkey burger came out rather rare (like the color of the Yelp banner red). I couldn't find our waitress so I flagged down a waiter, who asked me to pick the burger up and put it on a plate for him. It was really strange--I don't send food back often--but I think they should have probably just taken the whole plate. Of course, our cheery waitress came by and interjected "What's wrong?" As if I deliberately undercooked the burger to make her mad.
Overall-meh. Not sure I'll be jealous anymore when I walk by and see people sitting at the outdoor tables. Not sure I'll go back. Sad!i'm giving Varga a better rating for two reasons:
a) they're coming out with a classy/trashy calendar. can't wait.
b) i had the meatloaf. holy hell, people. go have the meatloaf.I have been to Varga twice for dinner and a few drinks, both times on a weeknight. Overall, I really enjoyed it.
The service was excellent on both occasions. The host, server and food runner were all courteous and engaging, and seemed happy that we were there, which isn't always the case these days. We had a miscommunication about which beer my friend wanted, and the server handled it smoothly. 
The atmosphere is great, at least for the warmer months. The windows open out onto the street and the outside tables, making it a really nice place for evening summer dining. In the winter, I'm not sure how lively the bar will be, considering its small size. The pinup theme is cool, but unless you sit inside, you won't see much evidence of it (not even in the bathrooms). My only complaint was that our two-top table outside was about three inches from the couple next to us. It's understandable at a crowded place, but still not my favorite situation.
The food was pretty great overall. I ordered the pulled pork sandwich the first time, and was able to get it without mustard. It came with fries and was really delicious. The homemade ketchup is fine, a little sweet for my taste. Their hot sauce is awesome... although it may be Frank's Red Hot (or at least, that's what it tasted like). I also had a chicken cheese steak that was great and reasonably-priced.
Drink prices are lower than I expected, and the beer/wine selection was ample for my liking. I also LOVED that they offer Coors Lite, PBR and Schlitz cans for $2.75. Genius.Great happy hour here but it ends at 6pm!
Food: The truffle cheesesteak is my goto item.  Best cheese steak ever and it comes with amazing fries.  The truffle oil is done just right, just enough to give your meat a unique mushroom flavor but not overpowering.  Check out my photo in the pics section.
Crab fries will make you wanna come back the next day to eat it again.
Beer: always a good variety of local drafts, all drafts are 1/2 price during happy hour so try to get in from 4-6pm M-F
Environment: Plenty of awesome outdoor seating when it is nice out.  A great way to chill out after work and people watch on the sidewalk.  Inside, there are comfortable black leather booths.In retrospect - it was Varga was a great time.  Oddly enough - I'm not sure if I believed it would be at any part of the experience.  But the overall package was great.
Walked in and was seated in a booth - straight back bench on one side, backless low stool on the other.  It looked uncomfortable from both angles - but it was very cozy on both sides of the table.  
The menu seemed hard to get through.  Everything looked great - but it was hard to think of a combination of things that would work.  Didn't matter - everything was so delicious that I'd probably eat everything there in one go if I could fit it.
Waitress whizzed past - and on first blush I was worried about the service.  Couldn't have been more wrong.  She was friendly, attentive without being annoying and above all REALLY seemed to care about our experience.  Extra points for getting my glass filled in front of me without me knowing it.  It was like getting my pocket picked only awesome.
I got the bourbon smoked baby back ribs.  When the plate hit the table my first reaction was that the ribs didn't looked cooked to my liking.  They were absolutely delicious.  The smoked chili molasses bbq sauce paired with the cheese grits was a killer combo.  The ribs were fall apart off the bone done - which isn't my style - but in retrospect made a LOT more sense in a sit down place eating with a fork and spoon.
Beer menu would make any snob swoon.  I went with the Jaw Jack from Arcadia - my first beer from the brewery.  Wish I had a growler with me because I could have filled it up for 25 bucks.
All and all - great experience.  I'm definitely looking forward to going back... and to investigating what brunch is like there.  Anyone who makes bbq sauce like that must make a crazy Bloody Mary.This promised update to my Varga review is woefully overdue - especially since their awesome menu has turned it into a regular haunt for me.
I have now tried out most of their menu items, and am always pleased by the diversity of choices.  Whether you're looking for a salad, a cheese plate, some bar snacks, a sandwich, or a proper sit-down meal, the seemingly small menu has options for everyone.  They have great daily specials, and do a fabulous brunch menu ranging from egg white frittatas with mixed greens to caramelized banana french toast with chocolate, walnuts and syrup that would get you banned from the South Beach Diet for life.  I have greatly warmed up to their ever-changing beer list since it always has at least one thing that makes me very happy.
Varga is another one of those spots that seems constantly packed, yet has a table available for me.  I often stumble into more-than-expected fun here as well.  A recent random Friday happy hour beer led to noticing signs that they were having a pajama party later that night.  Showing up in my cozy flannels for a late dinner earned me access to super cheap beer specials, and the PJ-clad staff seemed to be having a lot of fun.  During a late night snack stop in December, a random Santa clad bar crawl group made Varga their final stop, much to the delight of the patrons.
Random fun, good beers (and cocktails), and delicious diverse foods come together to make a very solid experience.  Yay!  I'm a fan.Went here for a drink and had a good time. The setup of the place is pretty laid back and the wait staff is friendly and awesome.
I've had dinner here before and had a burger, but I wasn't all that impressed. People had raved about the burgers but I didn't think it is anything worth going back for. I like that they have outdoor seating and they are at a pretty good location in a nice neighborhood. Considering everyone else's reviews I might have to go back and try something else.Ive been dieing to try the this place for months now. I was everything ive been reading about. The truffle mac and cheese even though it was a appetizer it was the best part of the meal. I aslo had the ribeye sandwich with a side of truffle fries and dark stout i can't remember then name but the beer list was nothing less than perect. I could barely finish but i was so worth it. If you ever get a chance to try this place you will love it.Food was excellent, i had the ribs and everything was delicious and well balanced. Beer menu is quite good. If it was for food only this review would of had a solid 4 stars. However, the service was way too aggressive. I would actually prefer bad service to this. It was stressful. Every 5minutes the waitress wanted to either take a plate away from the table or check if everything was okay. I could not have a conversation without being interrupted. Its sad because it didnt permit me to enjoy the meal which was delicious.Five words: Elysian Peste Chocolate Chili Ale.  An amazing, spicy concoction that burned on the way down.  And yet, my esophagus truly enjoyed the pain.  Thank you, Varga Bar, for including this delicious beverage on your menu for Philly Beer Week.I must have caught the post-bingo-night octogenarian crowd because the crowd was super old and stuffy.  Really odd considering that the theme of the place is pinup girls, beers and booze.  
Anyway, my pork sandwich was soggy and the crab salad was minuscule and entirely too salty.  The only redeeming qualities of Varga are their excellent beer selection and home-made ketchup, which is awesome.  ...Neither of which are reason to go back.
2.5 stars.Dan and I stopped by Varga for a nice weekday lunch.  I knew they started a new "speed lunch" menu.  Also, I hadn't been here since summer.  During lunch, this spot is pretty slow.  Still, the city is in sore need of good bars that serve weekday lunch, so I'm really happy this is open.
The beer list, as always, in incredible.  They also standardized the beer list: 3.5 for half pints, 6 for goblets or pints, and $25 growler fill.  Between us we tried Bell's Hopslam, Great Divide St. Brigid's Porter, Slyfox Odyssey, Great Divide Old Ruffian barleywine, and St. Victorious Doppelbock.   They have so many choices that I really love the new offering of half pints.  Varga also keeps their beermenus page and twitter meticulously up to date.
Dan and I were both craving burger, so we skipped the lunch menu.  The burger was good; well topped with bacon, aged cheddar, lettuce and tomato.  The burger was also served with fries and house made ketchup and mustard.  I enjoyed my meal, but it's not my favorite burger in the city, and the $14 price tag is steep despite the Kobe label.
We also split a bowl of spicy gumbo with chirzo and shrimp.  This was a good idea because neither of us ate all of our food, and the bowl of soup was $8.  Considering the speed lunch includes a bowl of soup and half a sandwich for $9, you almost can't pass up this deal.
Bottom Line: I still like Varga a lot.  It's a great choice for good lunch and beer in the neighborhood.  When the weather gets nice and you can sit outside, that just another reason to love this place.We went to Varga as a party of four right at their opening on Tuesday afternoon. 
The place was smaller than I imagined but very nicely decorated. The girls painted on the walls and ceiling were classy and not cheesy. Sometimes you can go terribly wrong with old-timey decor. It was no Johnny Rockets. Presentation of food was well thought out. The house ketchup and mustard was really delicious. The mustard was horseradish/wasabi heat mixed with traditional mustard flavor. The ketchup was smokey and sweet. Totally unexpected and yummy.  Every part of our meals was turned up to the next notch. The menu was small but varied in a good way. The place is not trying to be something it's not. 
Here's what we had:
I ate a ribeye cheesesteak - very tender and worth eating again with real cheese sauce. Thin cut fries with the truffle aioli on the side. I also had a Miss April mixed drink - $4 because it was happy hour. If I wasn't sick I would have gotten another. Strong, flavorful and fresh tasting. Pineapple and cranberry with orange vodka. 
Boyfriend had the fish and chips; three generous pieces of fish and fries. Two sauces on the side - tartar and a spicy mayo plus malt vinegar. 
Best friend had the truffle macncheese - delicious! I want to come back and just eat this next time. Then he also had the ribeye cheesesteak. He also had a Miss January martini - wild strawberry flavored.
Our other friend had the sliders and said he would totally been able to eat another three. 
I will totally eat here again!I'm prejudiced. Varga Bar is my neighborhood bar and I think it is incredible. From the food, through the beer selection and the service I have consistently observed attention to detail. Order a pint, some Brussel sprouts and watch the magic happen.There is a lot to like about Varga Bar, including the following:
1) outdoor seating: this is seriously one of the best places to hang out at during the warmer months. The outdoor tables may even offer more space than the indoor tables, which are a little tightly packed
2) beer list: awesome. They have a huge chalkboard with a list of amazing crafts. I love that they often have creative takes on the Yards Love Stout. When I was there last, they had a habanero love stout. They made you taste it before they would sell you a whole pint because it was so hot! I freaking loved it. It was one of the best beers I've ever had. 
3) food: I recommend the kobe burger. It's a nice size and a good value at $12 or so. I found it to be very tasty and filling. 
Things I think they could improve:
1) in the dining room, some of the tables are impossibly close together. I felt like we were all celebrating the birthday of the person at the table next to us. "Happy birthday, blonde girl! Can you pass the pepper when you're finished blowing out those candles? Thanks!"
2) Even though my friend recommended them, I did not care for the oysters here. I got a dozen during the buck-a-shuck happy hour, and one of them was pretty rank. The others were just OK. If you want oysters, go to Oyster House. 
All around good place. Recommend.I went there for a meal and few drinks last Saturday. It couldn't have been a better night. The weather was just perfect 75 degrees, zero humidity - perfect for eating out. 
So I walked over to Varga Bar from my hotel the Alexander Inn [a great place to stay] 
and I have to admit I was pleasantly surprised with how delicious the dinner was. 
I had the roasted chicken and it was out of this world. The chicken was extremely tender, seasoned just right with tons of flavor oozing out of it. The potatoes and asparagus was spot on too....with lot's of flavor. I was thinking to myself...geez this chef is amazing.  After that tasty dinner, for dessert I ordered a really delicious brownie cup, which really hit the spot. I liked the food and service so much that not only did I tip the excellent waitress, I gave the chef $10 bucks too!  The prices are very reasonable and the service was impeccable. Two thumbs up!Love this place! Great location, outdoor seating, good food & beer selection, and it's never too crowded. The veggie burger is fantastic and I'm always impressed with their brunch. Today I went with a lump crab omelette with spinach and Boursin cheese and a Bloody Mary. The bloodies are a little small but they're perfectly spicy and delicious (and served with a bacon wrapped olive)! Definitely a great and underrated spot in center city.If this isnt the best bar in the city I dont know what is. First off Chef Evan Turney is putting together meals that are absolutely incredible. He has changed the way I think of brussel sprouts forever and thats a good thing. Kobe beef sliders, jumbo lump crab fries, pickle chips, truffled mac and cheese, baby back ribs with cheddar grits i could go all day but I already have a food boner just writing this. If that wasnt enough Rich the bar manager has put together one of the best tap lists consistently in the city. They always have a cool beer event going on. March madness of breweries with the N.I.T.(not in town breweries) anyone? Cant wait for beer week to drink all the great beers rich has been saving. eat and drink here or go to hellI have to go there- 5 stars  for my third experience at Varga! I can't get enough of the crab fries with a side of the homemade zesty ketchup! Duck fat wings? heavenly. Meat litterly falls of the bone. Lamb lettuce wraps? so freaking good. Truffle mac and cheese too- No wonder I still feel like I"m in a food coma and ten lbs heavier the next day ( or is it the shots of tequilla, hmmm) The night ended perfectly with the trio of cereal ice cream! I litterly died and went to heaven for a short time while endudging in the fruity pebbles and cinnamon toast crunch! AHHHH!  I love everything about this place. The decor, the laid back atmosphere- the Damusk booths and the fab beer selection. I can't wait to go back and sample the rest of the menu- You get a great laid back bar atmosphere with fun, risky dishes that are not your typical chicken fingers and fries.
Seriously- if you haven't been here yet,  what are you waiting for!?Varga is good for a quick snack or brunch. I had the eggs benedict and it was delicious! Outside seating during summer to enjoy the sun!A great neighborhood joint, serving yummy upscale pub food. I've been here countless times, and am always a fan of the duck wings and the mac and cheese.I surprise myself with how much I come here. I think it started because I lived so close, but then I tried it and realized how good the food was so I came back. Again and again and again. The place itself is nice enough - it definitely seems like it's trying to be the slick cool place and only half succeeded - but I'm okay with that. The homemade veggie burger is amazing and so is the crab lump fries and truffled mac & cheese. And I love coming here for brunch, especially in the summer when you can sit outside. Yep, I recommend it.I seriously love this place!  The decor is adorable; who doesn't love being surrounded by curvy cuties?!  The food is great!  I have never been disappointed.  They even make their own ketchup, which is awesome for someone like me who loves to eat out, but has removed high fructose corn syrup from the diet-- ya know, tryin to watch ;)  Anyhow, I'm a big fan!I went back to try the truffled mac n' cheese. This is definitely an appropriate portion for an appetizer or individual meal. The bacon/truffle combo with a nice lightly crusted top layer was good. Then I dug in and discovered lots of liquid cheese. WAY too much for my liking. Thus, I did not eat all of it. Also, I needed to save some room for my beloved breakfast cereal ice cream. I suppose the extra cheese helped balance out my strong Miss August (mai tai). Breakfast cereal included: Fruity Pebbles, Cinnamon Toast Crunch, and Cocoa Puffs. Alas, I tried only new flavor :( Keeping my four stars since my drink and beloved dessert made up for my cheese with macaroni.How have I sat on this review for so long? This place was a weekly staple for me for a long time, the food was always fresh and delicious and the beer was always changing (even before your eyes). Ian always delivered with the beer suggestions, just tell him what you like and don't like and you'll start getting fed samples.
This place is the reason I fell head over heels in love with my first beer, dogfish head fort- I will always love you.i've been here before and once again, it did not disappoint. i didn't get food this time but there was no shortage of people chowin down on the mac n cheese and brussel sprouts.  the food here is pretty heavy but delicious.  the crab fries are quite popular as well.  
i wanted to come here for just drinks this time b/c varga has a ton of beers on tap and they have growlers for $25 or screw-tops for $8.  we opted not to get them though because a refill is $25!  you're not saving much since the growler is 64 oz, so 4 pints.  it really depends on how much you like craft beers.  
i had the 12.5% Lost Abbey Delierance (delicious!) and the bf had the 10% quadruple (which tasted like port).  a friend tried the Dark Horse cream stout, which was awesome.  For those who prefer lighter beers, there are plenty to choose from as well.  It got pretty packed by Saturday 4pm so get there early if you want a seat.Yum, wings were great!  I had walked by here so many times before I stopped in for a quick snack, and I enjoyed sitting outside on a nice day getting good service.  It's got a sense of style from the 50s, and is reasonably priced throughout the menu.  From now on i will stop by more often!I was here for a quick drink with an old coworker. It was a balmy night so we were on the sidewalk and ended up talking more than drinking. The seating in this place is really nicely laid out and it's on a sidewalk that can actually accomdate tables and pedestrians which makes a huge difference. 
The waiter was still perfectly cordial and not too pushy. The beer list is a lot of wheat and IPAs, they only had 1 canned sour beer option. I would still definitely come back for a more in-depth exploration of their menu.A great place to sit and drink a beer outside (they have an extensive menu and some beer cocktails!), but the food is mediocre bar food at best.  You can tell as soon as you read the menu; nothing was inventive, and it was all pretty heavy.  We had the half baked chicken and the spinach salad with blue cheese, cashews, and bacon.  Our waitress was friendly, although the food took awhile to come out as did the bill.Oh Varga Bar... Why won't you just let me love you?!?
I mean it.  A vintage pin-up theme, truffle mac-and-cheese, outdoor seating, a snooty beer list, an awesome Aussie bartender... there are so many reasons that Varga and I should make beautiful babies together.  And those (coupled with the fact that it is stumbling distance from my apartment) are the reasons I keep coming back, time and time (and time) again.  Unfortunately, frequenting this place as often as I do, I've also learned that the other "hit-or-miss" reviews on here are well-earned.
I've been experimenting with the idea of pescetarianism lately, so on our most recent dinner trip here, their special of a seafood pot for two seemed the obvious choice - I mean, a generous helping of lobster, prawns, scallops, mussels & clams, plus veggies for about $16 per person - how could you go wrong?  Well, I'll tell you how: give us partially-cooked, completely unopened shellfish, and then when we mention this, take it into the kitchen, pry open all the shells, and hand it back to us, pretending that you actually cooked it.  Nice job.
Also, y'all are right on about the "cocktail selection", which is essentially non-existent.  The one time I've actually ordered something that was not wine or beer off their list was a Bellini from their Sunday menu.  Expecting a gorgeous peach-ified flute of bubbly deliciousness, imagine my dismay when the bartender handed me a glass of cheap sparkling wine with a pile of bizarre orange-colored pearls in the bottom that tasted vaguely like...nothing.
That all being said, we've had some great meals here as well, with the Kobe hot dog, truffle mac, and Varga Salad being standouts.  I've found that the staff tends to be friendlier and more on their game during the day and on weekdays, as opposed to their busiest weekend nights, which is odd, but since I'm there most often for lunch, I don't mind.  I love the idea that you can take home a Growler, and that there are always fun new beers on tap to try.  I'm learning to take the good with the bad.
Please don't get me wrong, Varga, I really think you and I could have a future together, and for that reason, I'll keep showing up at your door.  But if this relationship is going to continue, you might need to take some time off to work on "you" for awhile...Outside and in seating. The location is a bit too, hmmm, rich? (as meredith from the office would say) for me. I just wasn't impressed. It's not really my style of place. The prices were too much and the servers seem to be trying way too hard to be helpful. The food wasn't bad. I was probaby just in a shitty mood that night, and it was really hot outside.I visited Varga on my "decision trip" to move to Philly - and the great experience I had there definitely affected my decision (ok, one drunken night at a bar shouldn't make me choose to relocate, but I'm known for bad decision making.)  
I've been to Varga bar three times now, but I ate there for the first time  last Saturday for an early dinner.  Despite being early, it was still pretty crowded, but this was the day of the PIFA Broad Street fair, so everything around this area was crazy busy.  We had a little wait and were sat at a small table for two.  We ordered the pretzel rods (special appetizer) and then my boyfriend got a turkey burger and I ordered the Kobe burger.  Both burgers were DELISH, my boyfriend even said this was the best turkey burger he'd ever had, and he loves a good turkey burger.  The fries were amazing as well.  They are known for their beer list, and it didn't disappoint, we tried a few we hadn't had before.  
Major downside of this place is how many people they try to cram in.  Small places can be charming, and you get used to sitting fairly close to another table, but the bench style seating on one side really makes it like one big table - it was impossible NOT to be intimately involved in the conversation next to us.  Additionally, it can be a little expensive - pretzels, burgers for two of us and 3 beers (total) was $60 pre-tip.I came here last night for their Bell's Curve event. If they ever do that event again I'll definitely be back. (In summary: Bell's beers on draft started at $3 at 6pm and then went up $1 every hour til $5 and then went back down $1 every hour) I had the veggie burger and it was delicious. I normally don't love veggie burgers, but the toppings and burger were all perfect together. I replaced the side salad for truffle fries which was a great choice. The service was a bit slow probably due to the event, but still very friendly!If you are looking for a cozy corner restaurant in Philly for a cocktail or perhaps a whole meal, this is your place. 
Most recently had the turkey and warm Brie sandwich which did not fail to impress. Great burgers and the loaded crab fries are quite the indulgence. They have a long list of daily specials to keep things interesting, too.  
The extensive beer and wine lists, vintage art work and the hum of folksy music under dim lighting make it a great place for any type of crowd.
It might be a tight squeeze on the weekends, but grabbing a table or seat at the bar on a weeknight is easier than you might think. Varga is a neighborhood favorite.I would use the word "love" to describe this bar and restaurant.  The crab & cheese fries make me want to move in.  I've been to Varga for everything from post-happy hour (unnecessary) drinks to a four-course meal and have loved it every time.  The cheese plate is as beautifully executed as it is delicious.  Not one person working there has ever been anything but super kind and helpful.  You can get a $2 coors light can, or something fancy on tap (i.e. wyerbacher pumpkin ale when the time is right).  As a radical feminist who usually gets all pissed off about exploitation of women, somehow the "pinup" theme doesn't even bother me.  It's not at all trashy.  The environment is my idea of perfect - dark, candlelit, diversity of clientelle (though generally somewhat monied peeps) and a nice easy walk from my house.  Outdoor seating in the summertime.  It's even become the official site of the annual grandparents' memorial dinner for my brothers and I.Food:
The Truffle Mac n Cheese was the BEST! Lump Crab Cheese Fries were REALLY Good too! I'm a fan of greasier/cheesier burgers, but the Kobe Beef Sliders were still delicious.
Beer:
If you're wondering about the 24oz. Meyerbacher Tango beer, it has a dark chocolate flavor with hints of cherry. Not my favorite, but it's a high percentage so I left buzzed haha
Service:
Attentive, relaxed service and the food came out quickly. Very, very happy.This is my 2nd time going to Vargas. The 1st time I was recommended by a friend to try it out. Some background about me, I live in Brooklyn, NY but come to Philly for work a lot.....So when my friend told me about the place I went. He told me to try out their jumbo lump crab cheese fries....yes I said it, and they are delicious! I also tried their mac&cheese with bacon bits...another delicious hit! This time I came into Philly for work, instead of checking in my hotel room 1st, I immediately went to Vargas to get my 2 #1 favorites! Great place to bring friends there! I'll be back for more!While returning to Philly for a couple of days, my boyfriend and I decided to try out Varga Bar on the recommendation of someone else in our party. First off, the location is quite easily accessible and we didn't have the slightest problem finding it. 
The interior itself is pretty nice. There are a couple of pin-up gals on the walls, and the coasters themselves are of pin-up girls. Which definitely scored a few points in my book. 
The menu is a bit too bistro-y for my tastes. Too small and nothing really stood out at all to me. I ended up ordering a gin and tonic, served in a midget sized glass and the tempura asparagus. The tempura itself was a little soggy so I ended up picking it off anyways. My boyfriend tried the chicken dish which was quite flavorful. I stayed away from the pickled pot but everyone else at my table seemed to love it. The fries topped with lump crab meat intrigued me, but I couldn't handle more than a few bites. It was a little too much for me. 
The atmosphere was relaxed and the waitstaff was quite friendly. I liked the casual feel everyone had to it. Jeans and a t-shirt was pretty much all the ladies were wearing. Tattoos showing here and there.Varga has some pretty good food and great beers on tap. The Bloody Mary's here are ridiculous and brunch is always great. Just make sure you get here early for a spot since it is a small place!Regular bar food- ok. Highlight were the calendar girls.I went here last weekend for lunch with Michelle C., who has been here many times before.  At her suggestion, I had a Bloody Mary, even thought it's not my usual drink, but it was really good, and had a nice kick to it.  For lunch I had the eggplant parm sandwich.  It was unlike any eggplant parm sandwich I had ever had before.  The cheeses were savory and flavorful.  They serve it with a little boat of their marinara sauce on the side, which was good for dipping; otherwise, this sandwich would have been a huge mess.  The sandwich also came with a small salad of mixed greens, which were fresh and tasty.  Our service was fast and friendly.  Overall, a good experience.  I would recommend this place to anyone and would come back if I were in the area again.I liked the cheap happy hour $3 a beer thing. My burger was good and priced normally. I don't know. I had three beers and the burger and split a fried pickle appetizer and my bill came to $40 after tip. Kinda steep I think, but next time I'll stick to the drinks. Would have been better to sit outside. Second chance? I'd go back especially at night.Realizing the seriousness of the octopus you are not. Order it you will. Regret it you won't.I've lived around the corner from Varga for almost half a year but have failed to visit them until last weekend.
Overall, I was very impressed with the food.  As a vegetarian, I ordered one of their salads and a veggie burger.  The salad was very tasty and included a unique addition of butternut squash.  The veggie burger was even better.  Finding the best veggie burger is a personal food quest and I must say that Varga has one of the best I've found in Philly.  It was hearty, with just the right consistency and just plain delicious.  I definitely plan on ordering it again.  Varga's fries are also really good.  Shoestring-style, nice and crispy with a healthy but not overwhelming amount of salt.
Their beer and booze selection looked solid but I decided to go with their Victory root beer (which also comes in an alcoholic variety).  Having consumed a few beers before dinner and with plans to drink a couple more after, I figured that ordering a Victory root beer was the more unique opportunity.
The music selections were really eclectic but a bit odd at times.  Buddy Holly is much appreciated and fits with much of Varga's image but was a  bit disorientating when followed by 311.  In the end not a big deal, only something a music nerd, like myself, would notice.The space is tight, but the bar/restaurant area is very cool. The atmosphere and decor is great and different (pin-up girls!).
Came here for brunch:
- Crab cheese fries - delicious with their housemade spicy ketchup
- Grilled cheese and tomato soup
- Lump crab omlette
I'll have to come back to try the dinner menu. I hear good things about their brussel sproutsMy roommates and I stopped in for brunch on Saturday and there was no wait which was really nice compared to the usual hour wait at green eggs. 
The hostess was extremely nice, out waiter not so much. He didn't evem say hello. I love bloody marys but without horseradish so they usually need to make one from scratch rather than using their mix. I asked our water if this could be done and he didn't respond, walked away and didn't return for 10 minutes. Came back and said "they can make you a separate one but it will only be tomato juice". I asked if they could put anything else like tobasco, worcestershire, etc. He left for another 10 mins, came back and just said no. I felt bad for a second and then I realized this guy must have had a rough Friday night which led to this awful service.  We asked for napkins and silverware, things we shouldn't have had to ask for, and he looked at us like we were asking so much of him. Never a response to anything, btw. 
Onto the food. I ordered the grilled cheese and tomato soup. OMG. Seriously, amazing. 3 others at my table got it and felt the same. 
5 stars for food, 0 stars for service. 
I am absolutely going to go back here with the hopes of having a different waiter.I love that this place is in my neighborhood. Friendly and unpretentious, Varga has solid bar food, great Bloody Mary's at brunch, a good beer selection, and outdoor seating on nice days. Always a great option for happy hour or when, e.g., you don't feel like waiting 90 min for a table at Honey's for brunch.