Been here for happy hour twice. Great food and drinks both times. Bummed they took the spinach chaat off the happy hour menu. A must have for each visit. The ribs and mussels are good apps as well. The HH cocktails, old fashioned and some cucumber cocktail were good and refreshing. 
Definitely worth stopping by.So excited to have a good Indian restaurant with nice ambiance. Service was great, cocktails were amazing and food is delicious.  The only drawback was the lighting (too bright) and the height off booth seating.  Inder is the GM and very attentive.  Loved that the waitstaff had perfect pronunciation of dish names.We picked this place because of the happy hour only to find out that if you're sitting at a table than it doesn't include you. Bummer!
We got vindaloo it was so exceedingly delicious. The meat just falls off the bone. The best I've ever had. 
-The saag paneer/ palaak panner was so very delicious. Lots of paneer. Yum.
- The Kashmiri naan was insanely delicious. We all loved out food. 
I wouldn't order the chai again. Not sure if it was a mix or if they used skim milk. No cardamom? Something off. 
-- Still the food was great. 
-My friends loved their gulab jamun.
The decor is true desi modern art... it was extraordinary.  Really loved the colors and Hindi script and huge size. 
Great atmosphere. 
Lots of waiters at hand to serve you. We were very well looked after and glasses of water were topped off often.
Great great great service.
I wish the music was more desi style but ... its your style. I can dig that,Tried Veda with the family over the holidays, and were amazed.  Not super familiar with Indian food, so let the Manager make some suggestions.  Everything was delicious, and we struggled to pick a favorite.  Crispy spinach a must, and the Veda Mule is officially my new favorite cocktail.  Will definitely be back...Great space! Great time! Walking into an Indian bistro is usually intimidating as a Caucasian male but Veda.. WOW, what an amazing experience! Awesome decor followed by an awesome atmosphere blended a traditional Indian restaurant with a progressive and upbeat downtown Philly eatery. I will be going back - insider tip: try the Tandoori chicken on the appetizer list. To die for.Food is awesome but lighting sucks. They need to dim the lights
Service was great as were the drinksI have to say this is the best happy hour that I've been to in Philadelphia. The prices and food are phenomenal in every aspect.
Let's start with the walk-in. It absolutely looks like you're in somebody's house with the bookshelves and the alcohol. The whole feel is very welcoming. If you look at the seating there's a surprisingly large amount of it. Go to the bar for happy hour and you'll see even the bar has lots of seating. Contrast this with a small place like Tinto. The whole atmosphere just comes together well. I personally appreciated the straws decorated in a black and white swirl. It looked very elegant. And of note the bartenders were very pleasant and attentive. They're definitely worth a nice tip.
Now, on to the food. I think most items on the happy hour menu (which I've attached in a photo) are $5. I would definitely go for the Calcutta ribs because they're delicious and there's three of them and it's $5! The naan with goat cheese is also delicious with a nice serving and that is also pictured. And for dessert I would suggest the rice pudding like I always do at Indian restaurants because it was phenomenal.
Go here and then come back for more. I definitely plan to!We tried a little bit of everything and it was all fantastic. The atmosphere was very open and fun and even though they were very busy the food came out so quick and delicious. We sat at the bar with Bill and he was attentive with great conversation. You can't go wrong with anything on the menu. We will be back again very soon!The best fine dine restaurant in the center city. Dinner menu is delightful. Their food is delicious and great service! We even had lunch buffet and it's really nice on varieties. Modern interior design and bar. I would definitely eat here again!We came here for lunch. Excellent, fresh, a lot of food, service was very good and the presentation was perfect! Will definitely return.I have been here a total of three times for dinner. The food is average (on the bland end). But to pay that much for Indian food, I expect to have a better atmosphere. The atmosphere is trying to be nice, but done cheaply.
For example, Tashan was a beautiful restaurant, so when I was charged more than expected for lamb vindaloo, I was ok with it. Here, paying 22 dollars for an Indian dish is absurd because the space is not as nice and it's lamb vindaloo. At least they stopped charging for rice, which they did the first time I went.
I wanted to like this place since it is walking distance to my home, but I will have to walk a few more blocks to the better Indian restaurant.Very very good food.  I tasted a wide assortment of things, as everyone at the table shared. Everything was great with the exception of my dessert, which was supposed to be a semifreddo, but was frozen hard as ice and couldn't even be cut with a knife (even though the flavor was good).
 Unfortunately, I had to give a less than stellar review because the service was abysmal.  Drinks took forever to come out and our server was missing in action most of the night.  It seemed as though every time she passed our table looking very busy she would intentionally divert her eyes so she wouldn't see we wanted an additional drink or something else.Place opened 3 days ago. Great location and ambiance. Food is outstanding with lots of vegan options.As an Indian, I would never say that veda has authentic Indian food/flavors. I love my Indian food and the spice. 
I came here for restaurant week $35 for 4 course meal, which is great because most places are 3 courses for same price. I LOVED LOVED LOVED their drinks and the service but I won't say the same about the food. Besides the fried okra and fried paneer, I can't rave about any of their food options. I tried couple of the curries and the taste of it just did not feel authentic to me. 
Excellent place for ambiance as it was cute little balcony near the bar so it's nice for summer evenings. Service was fantastic and loved the bartender and our waiter. They're kind and friendly - made us feel more like their friends. 
I'll probably only return back here for apps and drinks.Went here for happy hour and had a wonderful experience! 
The restaurant has a great and warm atmosphere! The space is beautiful and well-decorated. I had a wonderful and knowledgeable bartender (who made a fantastic cocktail--- I had the Laila, one of the happy hour specials.) I enjoyed delicious happy hour snacks too (okra salad and pork ribs).... all for under $20!! Can't recommend it enough. Excited to come back for lunch and dinner!Upscale Indian restaurant with a good selection of classic Indian meals and some must try appetizers.
The table favorite was their Palak Chat (A crunchy, mildly spiced spinach starter). 
They also have a good bar menu with some unique cocktails made with Indian ingredients. 
Priced to its location, a good meal for 2 excluding drinks can be around $50 mark. 
Losing a star because some of the dishes could be further elevated.Been here a couple times now for lunch during the week with work colleagues.  Food is delicious, though I recommend getting an extra side of basmati rice.  The meat portion at lunch isn't all that large either so just be aware - it was lunch though.  Great Indian spot in Center City!Veda is amazing! The ambience coupled with the fusion food items and carefully crafted drinks make for a perfect dining experience. I tried a number of drinks on the menu and each were so different and so delicious - amongst them were the "Laila", the "Old Fashioned Gabbar", and a few others the bartender, Raul, mixed himself. I also tried the "Crispy Spinach Chaat" and the "Ragda Patties" which were perfectly made and filled with flavor. 
The service was also impeccable from the moment we walked through the door to when we walked out. It was seamless. I highly recommend this place and will definitely be returning for more!The service wasnt good!! I sat there for greater than 45mins and a waiter didnt approach my table and I had to go and ask for service. Although the mango lassi was really good.Most of what we ordered was great, including shrimp curry and wild mushroom kofta. The tandoori lamb chops were undercooked and not flavorful. But the waitress graciously offered to exchange them for something else, so it was all good. Nice wine list.The food was fantatstic and the we had some of the nicest service I have ever had in a restaurant.  Everyone was so genuinely nice and fun to talk to. And again, the food was simply delicious and beautifully presented.The food was absolutely delicious and the service was perfect. I definitely recommend the lamb dishes! I will definitely come back!!After exactly 2 hours and 10 mins from the time we sat, we were explicitly asked to vacate our table so they could seat the next party. We were ontime fir our reservation. Our table of 4 people ordered 5 alcoholic drinks, 1 appetizer, 4 entrees plus 2 orders of bread, 2 desserts, and thus there was no shortage of food for the managers to complain that we occupied the table of 4 without eating. We were 4 well behaved adults and in no way rowdy either. All we were doing was eating and chatting, both of which are expected in a restaurant. The server also often cleared up some of our plates while some of us were still eating (!) I have been to hundreds of restaurant in my life and never been explicitly asked to get up and leave. Giving hints is one thing, explicitly asking to leave is completely unheard of!
I am fairly certain if the owners read this review they would be flabbergasted to know their staff did this! Telling 4 people seated on a table for exactly 2 hours 10 mins to leave so as to seat the next party is a COMPLETE no no in the culinary world!This place is definitely the most nicely decorated indian restaurant in the city. From the amazing customer service to the delicious food, it's definitely a place you must try. The spinach chat was refreshing! Definitely a must visit!A delicious and adventurous meal! Sunday night, and the mood was beautifully mellow. The Calcutta Ribs were not too spicy and delicately different from the usual fare. The Gawn Shrimp Curry had just the right amount of spice and paired well with the more mellow but flavorful Wild Mushroom Korma. The tandoori lamb was boring, and the waitress took it off our bill. The Chili Cilantro Naan had great texture, but the flavors didn't add to it He meal. I would definitely eat here again, if only to explore the other interesting menu choices.Super tasty. Great spice. Everyone was satisfied. Will be revisiting.  Everything is clearly marked vegan and gluten free (I am both so thats convenient).Recently moved from New York City, and I have tried several Indian restaurants in the area.  Is the food good? To me, it was average or slightly above average at best.  
I ordered Chicken Tikka Achari, Okra Salad, and an order of naan.  $30 for take-out and that did not include rice.  I believe rice was an additional $3-$5.  I have no idea how an Indian restaurant gets away with additional charge for standard rice.
Overall, food was fine, but you can get much better Indian food for less.  I will probably give it one more try.Delicious! We came here on a whim on Labor Day. Not many restaurants were open so we thought, let's give Veda a try. It was a great experience! Good food and amazing atmosphere! The mango lassi and the brunch menu was delicious. Thanks!I've passed the unassuming facade of this place many times, and finally tried it on a whim. What a great place! Cute, trendy, comfortable interior (and fantastic music when I was there). The happy hour menu features attractively priced drinks and small plates. The Masala Hummus Platter and Oakra Salad were outstanding. This was an impromptu visit, but the next one will be planned!I am visiting from out of town and wanted some good Indian food.
I ordered takeout - lamb vindaloo, one of my favorite dishes.
The dish was not at all what I know lamb vindaloo to be. It was watery, had very little flavor, and even though I ordered the hottest version, it was a mild level, at best.
The rice was okay, the naan was good.  The host was cordial and my food was ready on time.
Overall, I am very disappointed. The reviews gave me the impression this would be a place I could order what I wanted and it would be at least semi-authentic.
Unfortunately, I will need to find a different Indian restaurant during the rest of my stay here.Drinks and food are a little slow to come out; they need to work on their service and organization a little bit. However, the food is excellent and the wait staff are super nice.I noticed this place had great reviews and happy hour every day, so we decided to give it a shot. We actually returned a few times to the bar and to the restaurant. But overall, we've decided it's not worth the price. The food is not as good as the similar fancy indian restaurant Indeblue and the staff at Veda can be a little surly (although some are nice). I will say that some of the happy hour snacks at the bar are totally scrumptious, but the drinks are just meh, and for such high meal prices, I expect the food to really blow me away. It doesn't. So, we probably won't be returning.Really nice new Indian restaurant. Went there for restaurant week. $35 per person for a starter, small plate, entree, naan and dessert. Of course the drinks were extra. Starting with the drinks - quite a good and creative selection of cocktails with an Indian twist. For food we had the okra salad, fried cauliflower, spinach chaat, chicken tikka masala, fish tamarind, lamb roganjosh, tofu and peas masala, and a bunch of desserts. The appetizers were quite good. The main course was also really good though I wish it would have a little. It more spice. The naan bread was warm and crisp. The fish was our least favorite. It sauce was on the sweet side and quite watery. The tofu peas was very salty. Overall I would have given the restaurant 4 stars. Dropped it to 3 stars from 4 because they charged us 25% gratuity for 6 people. There were 4 adults and two children and only the adults had dinner. To top it off no where on our restaurant menu did it mention that parties of 6 or more would be charged 25% tip. When questioned the server brought us the regular menu (which was never offered to us) which showed the tip policy. Our total bill was in excess $200 with out the tip. This certainly left a bad taste. If you have a party of less than 6 give this place shotThis is really good Indian fusion food. Had a good time with friends. Really love the environment.We loved the food here. It was super filling! The restaurant is beautiful and very fancy. 
We came here on a Friday night in August with no reservation and were seated at the bar. My brother ordered the chicken tikka masala and I ordered the Chana masala along with garlic masala. 
We loved the food! The Chana masala was so delicious! And completely dairy free. The rice was fresh and flavorful. My brother loved the tikka masala and said it was super delicious. 
I'd definitely come here for Indian food in center city!Great Indian Bistro on Chestnut right in Center City.  The space is modern and fun.  It was a Friday night and the bar was hopping as well, looked like fun.  Went with my gf and daughter and were seated immediately at a nice table for 4.  Waiter was very helpful and there were a nice selection of cocktails.  I had the Indian Version of the Margarita and it was very tasty.
We ordered the Lassoni Gobi, essentially fried cauliflower.  It's excellent with a spicy and tangy sauce, however, the cauliflower to breading ratio is probably too low.  We also ordered the pork ribs as an appetizer and these were outstanding, there was a battle over which of the 3 of us got the extra fourth rib.  Meaty and tender, with a great sauce, as good as any bbq place
For main courses we got the Chicken Korma (substituting chicken for the mushroom korma on the menu, for $2 well worth it), Chicken Biryani, and Tandoori Shrimp.  The Korma was outstanding, nice pieces of chicken in a creamy and delicious sauce.  The Tandoori Shrimp was my favorite, large crispy pieces of delicious shrimp.  The Chicken Biryani was ok, nothing special, and a lot of rice.  We also got Garlic Naan which was delicious, especially when dipped in the sauces. We ended with Golub Jamon as a dessert, it was ok.  The ice cream it came with was nice, but the Golub Jamon itself seemed like a couple of Rum Cake balls, nothing special.
Service was fast and friendly, and a manager stopped by to check on us and bus some dishes and even took our picture for us.  Very nice staff.  The cost was a little more than your normal Indian.  About $151 including tip and 2 cocktails, and all the food we had, so $50 per person.Veda is my new favorite restaurant. The space is beautiful, the service is attentive without being pushy or intrusive, and the food is absolutely delightful. My dining partner and I tried all of the vegetarian options on Veda's prix fixe lunch menu: corn soup, veggie curry soup (which was the soup of the day), channa dal, dal makhani, tofu mutter, and a paneer dish whose name I cannot remember, and we declared all of them to be the best, ever. The cocktails were pretty good too; my only critique would be that all of the cocktails' presentation (we tried four different ones) was a little lackluster, especially given their price point, but that's just a super minor quibble. I can't wait to go back to Veda!Ordered for pick up. 
Went into the restaurant and the lady at the front greeted me and told me to pick it up at the bar. 
Went to the bar and everyone working was too busy either serving bar guests or chatting to each other to help me. I had to track one guy down and asked him to pick up my order. He looked at me as if I had 5 heads and was really confused. He went on to ask someone else who also came and asked me if I was sure I had to pick up food - he as well was very confused. From there they ended up finding my food which was literally in a plastic bag on the counter right behind them/in front of me. I then paid for it and again had to wait while they were chatting to each other or serving bar guests. Finally I had to interrupt one of their chats and say I signed the bill now can I get my food. And the one guy said oh didn't realize you didn't get the food yet. And I said no and he handed it to me and I left. Just was a weird experience. 
Food tastes great though so they win points for that. Just in future if one person tells me to go to the bar to pay and pick up, then it would be nice if the people working at the bar also know this plan so they don't all look lost and waste time.I'm not all that familiar with Indian food but the bartender(Accosh?) recommended two different dishes that were spectacular. The bartenders all seemed to be grooving together and the place was very nice. I was only at the standing bar but the table layout and environment made it seem like a really good date spot. I will be going back***My friend asked me if I wanted to go to a new Indian restaurant on Saturday, about which I thought: a.) YES, obviously, and b.) "New?" How "new" could an Indian restaurant be? For better or worse, they're almost all the same, and interchangeable. NOT Veda. It's in the old Le Castagne spot on 19th and Chestnut, and it's beautiful from before you even enter the big glass doors. There's a monochrome library/cabinet of curiosities by the hostess stand (complete with an old fashioned phone), and while the bookshelves almost obscure the restaurant from sight, creating a really private and intimate feel once seated, you can see the bar and the barstools lined up by the window and entryway, which has more of a snappy, casual, European cocktail hour vibe. It was only 5pm when we got there to ask for a table but we were told they were all booked. The hostess called a party that was late for their reservation, and it ended up being a no-show, so we scored a table. The place quickly filled up. I should note that I owed my friend the seat with the view from last time we dined out and I got the booth seat (aka the People Watching seat) so I made the heroic sacrifice of sitting facing the booth, but because of the architecture of the place, there was no bad seat in the house - there was still plenty to look at and take in. 
The menu was a lot of fun because there were so very few "classics" that Americans are accustomed to. For example, Chicken Tikka Masala, my go-to, was noticeably absent, but there were a couple similar substitutes, such as Chicken Tikka Makhani, with fenugreek and honey, so I was "forced" to try something new, and I absolutely loved it!! The food is truly outstanding.
The service lost a point because (ready?) it was *too* attentive. The woman spent about 3 and a half minutes telling us about two new wines, but neither of us are into wine and so we all could have saved a lot of time (ours) and energy (hers). She also cleared our appetizer plate too soon, not realizing that we would want to literally scrape every fleck of the Spinach Chaat off the plate because it was THAT good. 
They were surprisingly stingy with the rice, which came free with the entrees, which is odd because the fact that rice is super cheap is no restaurant-industry secret. They brought basically a thimble full for both of us to share, and we had to ask for a second bowl, which was individually sized, not family sized. (Usually, restaurants provide one serving of rice per entree, not one per table.) 
We did the usual sit-back-and-digest move that one is wont to do at an Indian restaurant, and immediately three separate servers and the manager came up and asked if we were done. We were not. I understand that we were lucky to sneak in without a reservation but we were truly feeling pressured to move on and give up our seats.
None of that stopped me from raving about the restaurant for the entire rest of the weekend, though, about everything from the decor and vibe to the delicious food. Will absolutely be back and have promised everyone I know to take them to Veda. I'm especially interested in the prix-fixe lunch, the House Cardamom beer, and the kolfi, pictures of which look like a beautifully made panna cotta.I checked this restaurant out a few days ago with some friends for dinner.  Veda is very much trying to be the Rasika (DC famous) of Philadelphia.  No doubt the ambiance was nice, the food was presentable and mostly satisfying, but the level of service was extremely disappointing.  Maybe bc it's new and the staff are still learning, which I hope will be improved upon.  We waited an extremely long time to get our waters, and they served the entrees first before bringing the naan (waited another 5-10 min for the naan).  The price point for the entrees are a bit high for being a new Indian restaurant.  The spinach chaat was good, but the apple jalebi was awful and served lukewarm.  I'll wait another 4-6 months before considering to visit again to give them a chance to work out the kinks of what doesn't work.Happy Hour Paradise (.com). Amazing drinks (including cocktails and solid wine selection). Good quality meats (e.g. chicken and lamb are very tender, not gamy). I would go with any chicken or lamb entree, was underwhelmed the shrimp entree personally. The friendly service and very likable owners/staff make this place a joy to be a regular at!Wonderful service, gorgeous place, and great food. My friend is on the less adventurous side, and only orders chicken korma at Indian restaurants. The chef accommodated my picky friend and made chicken korma off menu. Ever dish we had was delicious. The corn soup and paneer lababdar were especially good. Highly recommend.Thrilled to have Veda in my 'hood!  A beautiful, inviting space, serving excellent cocktails (the Laila was my favorite) and delicious food.  Its upscale modern Indian food - more in the vein of IndeBlue vs. neighborhood Indian Cuisine.  Really enjoyed the gobi and samosas, chicken makhani and the fish kari was so delicious and tasty.  We will definitely be back!Dinner experience: 2 stars 
Lunch experience: 4 stars
I've been wanting to try this restaurant since it opened, but was really disappointed with my dinner experience. In a nutshell, I think the food is OK (Indian buffet quality) until you factor in the price point. I paid over $55 for a meal for one person (w/o alcohol) and left pretty much unimpressed with every aspect of the experience, even after coming in really hungry. 
The Seafood Bhel (small plate item) was interesting - a mixture of shrimp, scallop, and calamari mixed in with raw onion strips, carrot strips, and a spicy/tangy mango chutney. This was relatively flavorful, but would be much better if the shrimp, scallops, and calamari were not all so minuscule. For $12, the price point was all right for the portion. 
The Lamb Roganjosh, however, was very dry and not very flavorful. The portion was also not so impressive for the price of $21, especially considering you can get larger portions of more more tender/flavorful lamb dishes from quite a few South Asian spots in Philly for half the cost. 
Entrees involving meat + sauce come with a side of plain basmati rice, but no chutney, and naan/paratha range from $3 to $5 extra. The garlic naan I ordered turned out to be small, dry, and less stretchy/fluffy than ones I've had in every Indian/Pakistani/Afghan place I've visited in Philly. 
Not sure if I just happened to select all the wrong items on the menu, but all of the food I had was below average. The restaurant's interior is nice, but perhaps still not enough to justify the upcharge. I may return to try their HH specials or desserts, but probably not for dinner.
*8/17/17 update: 
I came back here for lunch and had a much better food experience. There are not as many options as other Indian buffets in town, but the options they had were very good. They had a few chicken dishes, veggie dishes, and palak paneer. In contrast to my prior experience, the chicken in the lunch buffet tasted moist and freshly made. The naan provided with the meal was also more fresh than the one I was given during dinner. For $15, it's a bit pricier than a standard Indian buffet, but factoring in the ambiance and cleanliness, I think it's reasonable. I would definitely come back to try the lunch buffet again.Great service with friendly staff. The restaurant has a tasteful and elegant ambiance with a casual vibe. As for the food, I tried the lunch buffet for $15 and it was all good! It's a good option for those trying to taste more Indian cuisine-options included yellow lentil dal, chana masala, chicken tikka masala, chili chicken, and tandoori chicken. Also during the lunch special they have discounted drinks. Nice place to stop for flavorful food and drinks with friends.Loved this place. Being indian myself, I can get picky when it comes to finding "good" indian restaurants but Veda has exceeded expectations. From the food to the drinks to the service to the overall vibe/ambience...everything was fabulous! Cocktails are fun with cool names, we tried the Old Fashioned Gabbar and the Laila (try this if you want something refreshing) as well as a couple of wines from their Wine list. For apps, we had the Spinach Chaat, Spicy Reshmi Kabab, and Masala Crab Cakes. For an entree, we split the Chicken Tikka Makhani with a side of Garlic Naan since we were already getting stuffed and because you obviously can't ever go wrong with Chicken Tikka. Although every single item was delicious, I'd have to say my absolute favorite was the Spinach Chaat, could eat bowls of that stuff all day...no joke. Not to mention the owner brought out a complimentary Blueberry Kulfi for dessert which was also nothing short of amazing! Our service was also impeccable-we were checked on multiple times throughout the meal by different people. Lots of things on the menu I still want to try, def coming back! Including for happy hour ;)Raul the bartender, is one of the finest mixologists I've come across in all of Philadelphia. Great drinks, personality, and service.My sister, her son and I met for lunch at Veda today.
We were pleased with the smart, comfortable decor, friendly and attentive service and delicious buffet.  A good selection of well-prepared and replenished crispy pakoras, chicken, fish, vegetables, tofu!, rice and gulab jamun.  The mint, ginger beer was totally refreshing!  The 20% Yelp discount got us in the door, but we'll be back!This place is awesome. The ambiance is great, the people are friendly and the food is amaziinggg. 
I really liked their selection at the bar as well.Awesome happy hour! Quality, yummy cocktails and apps. Recommend the hummus and the old fashioned.Wonderful new Indian restaurant and in a great location!
First, Veda is beautiful in side.  The decor was very well done with the exception of some light issues.  It was VERY bright inside.  Hopefully they can correct that.
Service was very good and attentive.  Food came in a good amount of time.  We ordered the Mushroom Korma, Tofu Green Peas Curry, Goan Shrimp Curry and the Masala Hummus Platter.  ALL were very well done.  SO DELICIOUS and quite honestly, probably the best Indian food I've had in Philly.
Girly note... loved having the framed mirrors by the tables.  I could check my teeth, lipstick and hair during the meal.  HAHA
I hope they are very successful!  I will definitely go back and have already started to tell friends about them!This review is for happy hour only. The space is large, sleek and modern. Bar area is a decent size but got crowded quickly. Bartender was friendly and attentive but got in the weeds quickly and would have benefitted from a second set of hands. The hh menu is small; we got the fish which tasted fresh albeit a bit greasy and the spinach which was tasty and crisp. My wife enjoyed one of their signature cocktails. So I would give 3 1/2 stars. I will probably return for dinner as I'm not sure you can judge a new restaurant based on 2 hh dishes.Philly finally has a great modern Indian restaurant! The food and drinks are both great along with the ambience. Highly recommend this place!Some of the best Indian food experience I've had in Philly! Also check out their Balcony Bar, they've got some mad cocktail creations down there.Wonderful experience at Veda! I've now sat at both the bar and dining area and have enjoyed the food, service and ambience. The spinach chaat, gobi and chicken tikka makhani were superb. I was very pleasantly surprised by the quality of their drinks. I consider myself a bit of a whiskey/drink snob and particularly liked the old fashioned and last train to Delhi. Will return!We were staying two blocks away at Center city and were looking for an Indian restaurant on what was a brutally cold February evening. With just a 15 min waiting time, we were shown to our table. We started with a spicy corn soup, lasooni gobi and crispy spinach chaat. Now I cannot be really sure if it was the hunger, the cold weather or the food (just kidding, it was the food), this meal came as close to gastronomical paradise as we had ever experienced. For Entrees, we ordered Baingan and Dal Makhani and they were really excellent too. Looks the cooks knew what they were doing. For Baingan/egg plant to taste good, it takes a lot of effort from steaming/frying it to marinating it in the right (rich, heart attack-inducing) sauce. 
Our experience going to restaurants with kids in tow, is always a gamble. It ranges from the downright "why would you just not stay home with your rowdy kids" to the gracious "Vasudaiva Kutumbakam (we are all part of one large divine family)". This one was closer to the latter. Waitstaff was nice and kind. Most importantly not coming in once every 30 seconds asking me if everything is fine (that's when you start wondering "is everything really fine?"). There was definitely a young couple giving us dirty looks from a table few feet away. I bear nothing but goodwill for them and wish for them to have a couple of kids of their own.Excquisite food and menu. Atmosphere lively yet relaxing. Service was above and beyond. A truly delightful dining experience.It can be a nerve wracking thing to bring an Indian friend to a fancy new Indian restaurant with some fusion things on the menu, and even more intimidating to bring coworkers who are beer and steak and potato types. Somehow, Veda pleased them all.
Happy hour here is incredible. Great discounts on food, cocktails, beer, and wine. The Old Fashioned and the Laila were on special and both delicious. The Calcutta ribs and spinach chat were good sized portions and very good- must order. The potato patties were good too and also a decent sized portion. Happy hour is only at the bar, but its a nice sized space with some room for standing and seating.
Dinner here was just as solid. We enjoyed the cauliflower app (almost like general tsos cauliflower), goan shrimp curry (rarely seen on menus according to my friend), the lamb vindaloo (tender lamb, not too spicy), the paneer makhni (creamy and delicious), the gulab jamus (we asked them to swap the vanilla for cardamom ice cream), and a reasonably priced $40 bottle of wine. My friends weren't a fan of the goat cheese naan but the garlic and herb was delicious.
Don't forget to check in on yelp for 20% discount! Will definitely be back for happy hour, and for their lunch special too!Food and service excellent. Beautiful setting. Spices exquisite. A big step up in Indian cuisine.Cool atmosphere - subpar food - very disappointing - food was bland and that's bad for Indian cuisineImpeccable service, wonderful portions (not too overwhelming---just right), nice decor, wonderful bathrooms (I had to say, love 'em sinks), trendy place to have wonderful food and wonderful service. All the best Veda, you're doing superbly!
Be warned: this is not the kind of place that offers those indian lunch buffets you may encounter in the typical indian restaurants. 
By the way, order the cauliflower appetizers---yum.By far the best Indian restaurant I have been to in Philadelphia. The wall grafti was sick! The bar vibes were very cool, the drinks were 10/10 (Recommend the Laila), the appetizer were awesome (spinach chaat) 10/10. Great food, great ambiance and vibesThis was my first time at Veda, the atmosphere is great, staff were awesome and the food was also good. I wish my food had more flavor and spice but overall I'll give this place another shot. Maybe this time Ill go for lunch instead of dinnerEnjoyed Veda for a business lunch. Ordered directly off the menu, not from the buffet. Clean restaurant, pleasant atmosphere, very approachable.This is my first review (I think) because I totally fell in love with this place. They don't overpower their food with spices and stuff which is a huge win for me. It's really good for people who don't typically eat Indian. And literally everyone of their small plates is to die for. 
Okay now lets talk about the bar...yeah it's my new favorite bar/happy hour in the city. Raul and the rest of the bartenders put on a SHOW. It's right next to an open window too so you get some outside breeze as you watch them make your drink. And if you're a whiskey drinker like me, get your butt to Veda asap. #PapiThe restaurant was very modern with a great atmosphere. Perfect for a date! The food was also really good, served in cool dishes. I def recommend this place and would go again myself :)Lunch used to be very good but now the buffet is of poor quality. Food is cold even at  1 pm. It's so not worth the price anymore. I was excited to find a good Indian restaurant near Rittenhouse square but I am disappointed that it didn't last.Tip:
1. Spicy scale is no joke, its not an American spice scale- I got the 2 (out of 5) and felt the burn!
Had a really lovely meal here on Saturday night!  I will preface this that I love London style Indian curries, so my palate may be used to more cream / less spice than others.
Why have I never thought of a mango lassi cocktail before?  It was the perfect accompaniment to our spicy entrees.  Their whole cocktail menu was great!  We started with some delicious veggie samosas, with some fun adult drinks: mango lassi cocktail and a desi mule.  For entrees we had the Chicken Tikka Makhani (creamy, comforting) and Chicken Lababdar (spicy!). The Labaabdar was different from what I was expecting but very good- with onions and lots of pepper.  
Ambiance and service were both great, and there is an area in the back that looks like it can accommodate large parties.  I thought the prices were very fair, good size portions with enough for left overs.  
Will be back!This is my 2nd updated review. 
I did have a lot of complaints about Veda's dinner options, and the taste of their Curry's, but I had still given it a 4 star because of their service and drinks. 
This review is mostly to rave about their happy hour menu and their appetizers. I'm still not sure if I'll ever give their curries another try, but I'll definitely come back for more and more appetizers. We ended up coming back here for happy hour, as a friend of mine is a bartender there. Drinks are fantastic as always, especially Karishma.     Their chicken kebabs, chaats and samosas were so good and full of flavors. 
I'm glad I made a return visit here. :)Delicious. Modern Indian. Nothing typical thank goodness. The cauliflower appetizer is a must. With all of the delicious appetizers, we didn't order a main dish! We went twice in our short visit.DISAPPOINTED! 
we were rushed out in 30 mins on a lunch buffet. 
Excuse they had was a big party coming in for lunch, they should have specified this earlier that accommodation was contingent on wrapping up early which we wouldn't have agreed on as it was a BUFFET! 
Failed planning on their side.As my first review. This modern, hip bar/bistro is a place to visit to start off your night. The happy hour here is amazing; $6 old fashioned and a variety of indian inspired small plates for $5-6. As an added bonus try to sit at the bar for the half outdoor seating with a great ambiance and view. Also you can watch and converse with the great bartenders. They will make you personalized drinks catered to your taste and spirit. Def check out Raul, he was such a pleasure with an upbeat vibe and outgoing attitude.Went here with my sister for a chill dinner. 
Service was great, water was never empty. 
The tikka masala and biyani was prepared very well 
Garlic naan was not too memorable.
You don't get the authentic Indian food vibe but it was delicious and affordable.Hot new Indian restaurant concept in the heart of philly. Delicious food and beautiful drinks. The happy hour is a must visit offering 50% off drinks!!Awesome food! My sis and I went for Happy Hour and, my goodness, the bar food was so good! We had the chicken murmuri rolls and the samosas. In terms of the drinks: My Old Fashioned tasted like a typical Old Fashioned, nothing really remarkable but still well-made. I think my sister was more impressed by hers (some kind of cucumber drink) than I was by mine. But the food-- so good! Can't wait to come back for dinner. They have a 20% off coupon for Yelp check-ins.My fiance and I came to dinner last night at Veda! I was excited to try it out since I love trying modern Indian food. The service here was great! The hostess and waiter were both very friendly. Everyone in general had a friendly/kind vibe to them. Our waters were always filled. I got the Paneer Makhani and my man got the Tandoori Chicken. We also got Basmati rice and naan! The Paneer Makhani was flavorful and my man was very happy with his chicken. I like that they offered me a spice level for my paneer. I got 2/5, but next time I will get 3/5. I like food with a little spice but not overpowering. I also want to try the creative cocktails next time. My only wish about this place is that they give bigger size naan! It is much smaller than other similar types of Indian restaurants. We will be returning!!Cool ambiance. Menu needs work. Pricing needs to reflect quality of food. 
The food was okay but overpriced for the size / quality. We went during restaurant week for dinner. Portion sizes were on the small side, which admittedly could have been because of restaurant week. The salad that I ordered was very plain (why was it on the menu in the first place?), but the okra salad that my wife ordered was nice. For the second course, we had the Calcutta pork ribs, which tasted like American ribs, and the lassoni gobi, which tasted like Chinese sweet and sour pork but made out of cauliflower (not bad, but not that spectacular either). The curries were the the best part of the meal. The desserts were pretty good too.    
The service was great until we were asked to leave within minutes of finishing our dessert by some guy we'd never seen before. I don't think that we overstayed our welcome. The food took a while to come out, which was fine, but if they were so concerned about keeping to their reservation schedule, they could have timed their service accordingly. I honestly can't remember the last time I was asked to leave a restaurant. It made the rest of the service feel fake.
I think that this place has potential. They need to tighten up their menu and work on their pricing.I went there for lunch. The venue is beautiful. It's a nice spot for a date and a dinner party. The food was ok, but being from Edison, New Jersey, I'm a harsh critic when it comes to Indian food. The portions were decent. I got the tandoori chicken lunch special. The naan was ok but did not seem fresh. The rice was dry and also didnt seem fresh. The tandoori chicken was not properly charred, but had good flavor. I think if they keep the rice and naan fresh, and roast the chicken more, this place has incredible promise.  I will definitely be back. I am rooting for this place because Center City needs a classy and tasty Indian Restaurant.Great interiors
Good vibe
Definitely upscale
Went for the 4 course meal
Server was Kyle and he was awesome
Great for a relaxed dinner. Not good if you are in rush.
Yogurt and herb soup was good
Lasoni gobi lacked the taste of garlic (almost none)
Vegetarian thali: Presentation is awesome (see picture)
Dal Makhani: very good but not authentic
Korma: good
Chana: Not good
Palak paneer average
Didn't try sweetsBad service. Very average food. First we were told there is no table available then we were told ok we can accommodate you and then in middle of the meal we were asked if we could wrap up soon as the party was waiting. Very disappointed with the service.The food is good, but I would not recommend dining here. 
A group of friends and I went for dinner last night. When the server tried to take our order, he couldn't hear us over the loud music. We had to shout and repeat ourselves several times to place our orders. I asked twice if it would be possible to have the music turned down - but to no avail.
We each ordered a different entree, so I tasted five different dishes. All were very flavorful and a good portion size, though the prices were a bit steep for all but the seafood items. The naan and roti were dry - not really worth ordering. 
I think this place has great potential, but needs to decide whether it is a restaurant or a bar/nightclub first. I came away feeling like I'd just spent the past couple hours screaming over the noise at a crowded bar rather than enjoying a sit down dinner with friends. I don't plan to return.Very very good "fancy" indian food.  I love Indian food at baseline so easy sell for me.  The spinach chaat is absolutely out of this world.  Prices are a bit steep but the food is great and space is beautiful.I've been to Veda atleast twice a week since I learned about this place so that should show how much I love this place.  From the sexy ambiance and bumping music, to the amazing and attentive staff and most importantly the DELICIOUS food and Drinks (try to Punjabi Sour) this place is a MUST.  They have a great happy hour EVERYDAY.  I promise you won't be disappointedThe interior is sleek and modern and the service was attentive and enthusiastic.  My Goan shrimp was a disappointment, unfortunately; however, the crispy spinach chaat more than made up for it. Nice but limited beer and wine selections.I'm not sure how to sum up the experience my friend and I had at Veda tonight. Our waiter, whose name I'll omit, was pushy, intrusive, and made us feel extremely uncomfortable throughout our dining experience. He gave us both a handshake and asked for our names when we sat down. The handshake was a little too firm and lasted a little longer than felt appropriate. He also shook our hands in the same way when we left the restaurant. When I mentioned that I had a cold, he seemed disappointed that I planned to order tea instead of an alcoholic beverage. He heavily pressured my friend and me to order drinks throughout our dinner ("Don't you want tequila shots?!?") in a way that felt super inappropriate. He also insisted that for two people, we would need three entrees in addition to the two appetizers we'd ordered. We ended up with a hefty bill and two bags of leftovers. Perhaps most bizarre of all, at one point our waiter came by and noticed I'd spilled a drop of my drink on the menu. He pointed it out and said in a super demeaning tone (that perhaps he thought was funny?) , "Looks like someone made a boo boo!" Believe it or not Veda, adult women don't appreciate this kind of "customer service." My friend and I both felt extremely uncomfortable throughout the evening, as our waiter wouldn't leave us a moment of peace. Safe to say we won't be returning, even if the food was pretty good.Indian tapas, without flavor.  Bland in the extreme. It is like they deliberately take the character out of Indian dishes.  Everything looks pretty though. The garlic naan had no taste of garlic. The goat cheese naan had goat cheese in some pieces and not others.  The tandoori was blah. I could go on, but you get the idea.This is a great little Indian restaurant hot spot!!  I went with friends to celebrate her birthday.  We were able to sit at the beautiful table in the back with the amazing accent wall. Great atmosphere - great energy!!  The food was pretty amazing too.  I highly recommend the crispy spinach chaat - delicious!!  The lamb roganjosh was good too.  
The only reason it doesn't get a full 5 stars is the menu and pricing. We decided to split a bottle of wine based on what was on the menu. When the check came the price of the bottle was almost doubled.  When we asked the waiter what happened, he owned that he had served a higher priced wine (not listed on the menu).  When we stated that was not what was ordered or offered on the menu, he was only able to offer a discount - still more than what we were expecting to pay for the bottle; disappointing to say the least.  My advice - pay close attention to what they serve you and carefully review your bill.My wife and I were fortunate enough to have dinner at Veda last night. The food was absolutely fantastic. As someone that has eaten Indian food their entire life, I can tell you that the food is absolutely delicious and celebrates the diversity of the food in India. It is a very difficult thing to turn modernize authentic Indian food but Veda has accomplished just that. The drink menu is unique and delicious also. This is not your mom and pop butter chicken Indian restaurant...this is something all on its own and a very welcome addition to the food scene in Center City.  Veda is an absolute MUST GO. Our favorites were the Lasooni Gobi and the Goan Shrimp Curry. Ambience was wonderful and the service was absolutely on point. We will be back...again and again.Good Indian cuisine, with a cool vibe. We stuck to small plates; Curried Butternut Squash Soup (OK), Calcutta Pork Ribs (OK), Lassoni Gob (Awesome) and Vegetable Samosas (Very Good). While I don't feel the need to run right back there, we'll definitely be back eventually.Went there for dad's birthday. We ordered the following 
Periperi fish: was very good. Although it tasted more like garam masala that peri peri 
Spicy corn soup: was not very spicy. It was perfect after adding extra hot sauce. 
Gobi Lehsooni: very good 
Papad : awesome 
Goan Shrimp curry: fantastic . Very flavorful
Mix veg + tofu: very good 
Bread: perfect 
Lamb chops: was quite bland , felt it needs more flavor/salt 
They didn't have a cup cake / pastry / cake for dad's birthday so we ended up putting a candle on Gulab Jamun instead .. it was goodFavorite Indian in Philly
Chaat - Fantastic
Pork Rib App - Fantastic, different
Ragda Patties - Probably our favorite dish, fantastic, spicy too
Wild Mushroom Korma - Really good, amazing broth, not a fan of mushrooms and looooved it, probably been better with beef though
Great cocktails tooFresh and delicious Indian cuisine tailored to your spice level. Service was excellent and the atmosphere is very pleasant. Highly recommended!The service here was excellent. I had the chicken tikka makhani with garlic naan and it was delicious. There is a spiciness scale from 0 to 5 here that is very well implemented. I tried the paneer which was a 2 on the spiciness but a 10 on the succulence scale. The chicken tikka makhani was a 4, and it had a great kick to it.We came here for my boyfriend's birthday and although we spent most of the day eating, we had enough room for some more food here. The atmosphere is great - it wasn't loud and the decor was warm. Our server was helpful and attentive throughout the dinner.
I started with a Garden Mojito which was excellent! It was very refreshing and mild, and if I could I would have ordered another. We also ordered the Vegetable Samosas to start which were also very good.
For our main meal we ordered Chicken Pepper Chettinad which was enough for us to share (again, we weren't that hungry so if we were we might have ordered another appetizer or so). At first it didn't seem like it had a whole lot of flavor, but after a few more bites the flavor really appeared and the spice got stronger the longer time went on. Both of us like spicy food (him more than me) and we were really satisfied with this dish. We got Garlic Naan to go with it which was excellent, though we didn't realize it came with cilantro which made it difficult for my boyfriend to eat. Still, after picking the cilantro off he very much enjoyed it.
The waiter came out with ice cream and a candle for my boyfriend, which was great! The service, food and atmosphere were excellent. Definitely recommend!We have visited Veda so many times since they opened, I always gave them positive review and recommended it to anyone who would like to try new Indian restaurant in Philly. It was always the first thing came to me when I craved for curry.
But today's experience might stop me from visiting it anymore. Attached are dishes we had today, two appetizers, some curry and naan. First of all, food are still delicious, a bit too heavy but they are curry so not complaining. Our server was attentive and funny, impressive.
However, dissatisfaction happened when we asked for our check. Veda always have this" 20% off " when you check in on Yelp. So I showed our server our 20% off code from Yelp but he said he had to check with their manager see if they still do the offer. Okay, guess what decision their manager made. Instead of coming out and explain why they stopped offering 20% on Yelp, he gave us $1 DISCOUNT OFF?!  I mean, their 20% off offer was still on Yelp when we stepped into restaurant!!! It was not our fault that they didn't bother to take it off from Yelp. And $1 off from an almost $80 bill was just insulting. Like who really cares for $1.
Overall, Food and server still deserve 5 stars, but their manager might need make better decision sometimes.All of their starters are very very tasty, my favourite is the cauliflower. Curries are delicious too, I had the tofu curry and my friend had the lamb curry both very good. One thing I will say is the foods are very salty even for restaurant standard.I walk past this restaurant ever day for weeks, and was curious. They appeared to have a lively happy hour crowd, but the food was calling me. Daughter and I ate at Veda  last week. FABULOUS!  The decor is sexy cool. The service and food were superb!  We tried so many dishes that I cannot recall them all. Every starter and entree exceeded our expectations and price was reasonable, especially considering the generous portions. Go!Veda's modern and refined take on Indian is very refreshing. We had the lassoni gobi, masala hummus platter, vegetable samosas, paneer makhani, and the pindi channa masala. For me, the gobi and the paneer makhani were the highlights of the meal.Ever since I spent 3 months living in India earlier this year, I've been seeking an authentic tasting Indian restaurant in Philadelphia, and have little luck. So, when Veda opened recently, I was very excited to give a try. Loved it! So many great things about Veda. 
FOOD
+ Crispy Spinach chaat was the best I've ever had in Philly. This dish was amazing. 
+ Chicken Reshmi Kebob was good, very tender chicken, but the best part was the chutneys for dipping.
+ Chicken Biryani was the best Biryani I've had in Philly. Biryani is a very risky dish to order, because its never made good enough, and never enough spices (I stayed 3 weeks in Hyderabad and know all about the famous Biryani there). However, Veda does it right! You could ask for it to be a bit spicier, but for the average person, its perfect. Its even served in very cute ceramic bowl with the dough baked around it so the rice cooks up all the flavors. Soooo amazing, this dish impressed me! 
+ Paneer Makhani was also amazing. This is one of my favorite "classic" Indian dishes, and Veda does it really well. The sauce is a tad sweet, but otherwise my 2nd favorite I've had in Philly. I was so full, but would not let any piece of this go to waste. 
DESSERT & DRINKS
+ Gulab Jamun!  For $7, this is overpriced, but I can't turn down a perfect gulab jamun with ice cream. However, I asked for cardamom ice cream, but the dish was served with vanilla instead. I was going to send it back, but it was so good I ate it anyway (couldn't let it melt!) I'll try the cardamom ice cream next time. 
- Chai was slightly disappointing. For $3.50/ glass, my chai smelled amazing, but tasted bland. It needed much more cloves, ginger, or cardamom. 
- Cocktails were unique, but $12 a glass is too much money. Get a mocktail if you don't want booze for half the price. 
SERVICE
Amazing. Our waiter was fantastic, friendly, and on top of his game. Recommended some great wine, and always checked back on us (except when it was time to pay the bill, maybe he wanted to keep us there longer haha). 
ATMOSPHERE
+ Adorable! I love the entrance, its like you're walking into a grand store, or a bookstore, not a restaurant. Helpful for winter time, because the cold air does not hit the customers since there's 2 sets of doors to the entrance. 
HAPPY HOUR - I didn't make it, but I will come back for it! $3-5 beers, wine, cocktails, and $5 apps. Yes please! I also want to come back for lunch. I would like to try a good Thali plate. 
5 stars.This place is beautifully decorated ! We were able to get a last minute reservation despite there being a few large parties there. I thought the food was good, very rich, but flavorful. I thought the wait was really long for our food to show up but again, there were two large parties present and it was in the first few weeks of the  opening so the wait staff seemed to be getting used to the flow of the restaurant. The food portions look small, but because of the richness, don't be fooled, you will not need more than that. I think I will come back for lunch though next time to see if that is better!Food was good but drinks are extremely expensive. The service was also poor. They made us sit at the bar even though many tables were open. They claimed they ran out of chai and lassi when it was just  that they didnt want to many any. How do you run out of tea and milk?Veda! The restaurant is super cute and I love the decor, even the restroom! I went for happy hour but I didn't order any food, only because I was going out to dinner afterwards. Side note: The tacos looked really good. I ordered a Laila and it was sooo good and refreshing (thanks to the cucumber infused vodka). It seems to be one of their most popular drinks, as the majority of people at the bar area had one. The bar area was pretty crowded but even so, the service was quick. This was my first time visiting and I definitely will be returning soon!Veda was awesome! The ambiance was comfortable and calming. The waiter was great. The "Karishma" drink was possibly the best cocktail I've ever had. Super spicy and great refreshing ginger flavor. We started with the curried hummus and samosas. Both were yummy and good for sharing, though we did wish we had more naan. The garlic naan was delicious. For my meal I had the Goan Shrimp Curry. It had a nice spice level and had plenty of shrimp. I loved the flavor. I tried my friends Chicken Pepper Chettinad and that was less spicy but also had a nice flavor. There was plenty of rice and you can ask for more. We loved our time at Veda. I am looking forward to coming back!Overall nice experience but the dishes are hit or miss. Growing up around it and having had amazing Indian food both homecooked and out, I would say this place does the job of 'modern' Indian cuisine but flavors at times fall short (eg saag paneer, daal) The service is attentive and the atmosphere is fun. Also good drinks. Would go here for the overall experience but for great, less pricey, authentic Indian food would look elsewhere.I came here for a celebratory dinner and left knowing that I had to spread the word about this spot! Veda offers elevated Indian food with a modern, hip scene and noticeably friendly and attentive service. The Lassoni Gobi definitely lived up to the hype--packed with flavor and a great shareable start to the meal. The Pindi Channa Masala was arguably one of the best channa masalas I've had in awhile, with a perfect level of heat and delicate balance of spices. Eating it with an order of the roti only elevated each bite! The drink menu is creative and diverse, with options for any mood. A must try if you're looking for excellent Indian food in the city!Hidden gem in philly near Rittenhouse square. I stopped by for brunch on a rainy Sunday and was not disappointed. The staff were incredibly friendly and helpful, and the food was delicious. Most of the plates at brunch are small plates meant for sharing. I ordered the shrimp tacos which were by far the best dish, garlic and regular naan, and the non vegetarian large dish($18) that came with lamb, chicken, chickpeas, cucumber yogurt sauce, and rice. Really not enough for more than 2 people to share. 
Most small plates run $8-12. They have a bottomless mimosa option for $14 for 2 hours. Only complaint was that service was a little slow but we may have been in a bad corner.Such a gem for lunch spot in the city! Love this place! 
First of all, nice modern decor and what a pleasing presentation! I love paneer, a type of Indian cheese, and ordered it many times before at various Indian restaurants, but never have I had paneer as good as this one! They were in this semi-sweet tomato sauce, which is almost an Italian twist on the flavor profile. Love love it! 
I also tried their soup of the day, which is a vegetable soup. Very nice. 
Great service but the food did take a long time to come out. If you are coming here for lunch, I'd recommend plan for an hour and half and a good conversation companion!Excellent food...great vibe...friendly staff.  Make sure you try hummus plate and ragda patties.... we eaten here 4/5 times and are yet to be disappointed...We go to Veda on the regular and it's always good. The spinach chaat is crispy and delicious. Any main dish I've had has been good. The chicken tikka makhani and the chicken pepper chatinad are both worth getting.Veda comes through big time for me!! So impressed with the service tonight. Veda was already my favorite Indian spot. Superb food, large portions. Just great. But when Grubhub dropped the ball and had no drivers tonight the manager personally delivered the online deliveries himself!! In his suit :) I highly reccomend this place to anyone who loves Indian food...and delicious drinks!! Just the best!Heaven on earth! I stopped in last for the first time and cannot wait to go back.  Asked the very nice and knowledgeable handsome bearded bartender for the Karishma. Its was delicious and spicy, i couldn't believe it. The love he puts for every drink is unreal. Is like a watching a magician/artist love his job. I over heard him explaining some of his knowledge about Japanese whisky, i didn't know that was even a thing. 
I was impressed and i will definitely be back to try the food. Sit at the bar and get the seats by the window cause its impressive. I will definitely be back to get food and a drink made by that handsome man. ! 
AndrewAfter reading the reviews online we went their with high expectations but unfortunately were highly disappointed. We ordered spinach Chaat and Lasooni gobhi for starters. The Chaat was OK at best but the gobhi was horrible. The flavor was just ok but it was extremely hard to bite in. All we could taste was the outer hard shell and no gobhi at all. For main course we ordered Chana masala and dal makhani. Both were ok. The lachcha parantha tasted dry and burnt. The tandoori roti was average.
The good was what you would get at any average Indian buffet place. Definitely not worth the price here!!! 
All in all, I would not return to Veda.Wonderful four course menu for Restaurant Week ! Okra salad was crispy and delicious. All choices were a visual and gastronomic treat . The sea bass entree In a creamy and delicately spiced sauce was new to me and a great choice.
The staff is friendly and attentive and the interior space very comfortable and attractive.The one negative is that it's necessary to navigate a steep flight of steps to use the restrooms. Otherwise, I hope Veda is around for a long time!The food is delicious, the decor is very nice, the service is great. Probably the best Indian restaurant I ever tried.The is a new restaurant in our neighborhood and we were excited to try it out.  We arrived on a Thursday night for a quick happy hour drink and some snacks.
The place is beautiful with a fresh modern design.  The staff was polite and very accommodating.  The drink specials were pretty good and fairly priced for happy hour.  But the winner of this experience were the appetizers.
We're big fans of Indian flavors and their smalls dishes hit all the right notes.  I forget the name, but the veggie patties over chickpeas were phenomenal.
We will definitely return for a full dinner experience!Amazing flavor profiles, especially liked the spinach Chaat starter dish. Cocktail was also very tasty and creative. Deco was modern and classy. So overall a great place for date night as well as get together with large group of friends.I think they need to get rid of some of the kinks here. Great concept, but simply not enough food. I'm not the hungriest person out there, and this was appetizer sized. Small appetizer sized. One tapa.
I asked the waiter what the boneless options were, and he assured me that my choice was boneless. The food arrived, and there were bones. I didn't bother mentioning anything further, but I was disappointed.
I would definitely go again if the portions were a bit larger. Great ambiance, and attentive staff. Just not enough food.Used to love it here but new ownership is comprised of jerks and so are the managers; unfortunately, will look elsewhere in center city for Indian food.My wife and I were walking down the street and stopped in after checking out the menu.  The food was very good and the service was very attentive, from both the waiter and the owner.  We started off with the Lassoni Gobi which was just OK - the cauliflower was more fried than we would have liked but the sauce was good.  We also ordered some Chili Cilantro Naan and that was very good.
For the entrees we had the Pindi Channa Masala and Chicken Lababdar, both of which were excellent and spicy but not over the top hot.   The basmati rice which came with the entrees was also very tasty.  Will definitely be back and would recommend this to anyone who enjoys Indian food.Came here with my family for my birthday, after hearing some good things. The drinks were delicious - clearly hand crafted. The food was also good, we did the pre-fixe which had so many options we all got different things and shared. Good flavors, nothing too exciting. We also ordered a la carts - crispy spinach was amazing. It was slightly disappointing that the waitress didn't let us know the kitchen would be closing in case we wanted anything additional - because we did and weren't able to. The blueberry kulfi was also really good - not overly sweet which I enjoyed. Overall everyone had a good time and ate well.Lassoni Gobi and hummus platter was so good. I am heading back for the drinks. Full fabulous bar.We had a fantastic meal here! It's quality Indian food with some fun twists. We had the ribs and vegetable samosas for starters (both delicious) and the dal makhani and chicken makhani for mains. Would recommend all around! As a note though, the naan was larger than we expected - you could definitely get away with one order for 2 people.Lovely new addition to Philadelphia.  We have eaten there several times and the food was always very good.  However, the lunch menu seems to get smaller with each visit.  They have a "choose one starter and one entree" but the starters have shrunk from a variety of choices to 2 soups.  There is a nice variety of main courses but--unless you order a vegetarian entree, there are virtually no vegetables in the entire lunch. I ordered a chicken main course.  All the main courses come with a  choice of chick peas or lentils, in addition to some Indian crackers, Nan, rice, and a deep fried onion--that was mostly fried breading.  No salad; no fresh vegetables; nothing that felt healthful. I would like to see some fresh options, especially in the starter course.This time around everything was great - food and service! We ordered the okra fries, spinach chat, eggplant dish, lamb roganjosh and lamb shank, and gulab jamun and kulfi for desserts. The food as so tasty we almost licked our plates. The servers, Bridget (who was apparently in training) and Harris were both amazing and attentive. The owner Inder came by to say hello. It was great to hear the story of how Veda came about. Overall a fantastic experience this time. We will be back again and try out the other dishes we didn't get to try this time.Excellent Indian food! We shared the following:
- Hummus platter: definitely get this. It was the highlight of our meal. It came with hummus, a cauliflower spread, and roasted chickpeas. All were amazing, especially the cauliflower spread! It was served with garlic naan which was also really great (and super garlicky). 
- Chicken Lasooni Tikka: our waiter said this was a small plate, but it was a generous serving of chicken! The chicken was boneless and well spiced.
- Chicken Tikka Makhani: delicious!
- Chicken Biryani: this was AMAZING! giant portion and was served in a clay pot with bread wrapped around the top. Spicy, but served with cucumber raita to cool it down which made it perfect. 
Overall, generous portions of delicious food. Definitely the best Indian food I have had in Philly thus far. Service was also great and the atmosphere was fun inside. We definitely will be back!I had been to Veda for lunch before and really enjoyed it. Last week, I tried the weekend brunch menu and I was not disappointed. We shared the paneer kathi rolls, the masala egg roast and the vegetarian thali (3 people). I am not an expert when it comes to authenticity with Indian food but everything was very flavorful. The service was also great. Bonus- bottomless mimosas for $15. I will definitely be back.Veda is now open for dinner and lunch so stop in if you like Indian cuisine. The restaurant is modern yet elegant and has an open airy feel that's missing in some smaller city establishments. High ceilings make the space seem larger. Nice bar area located in the front and separate from dining tables. 
We tried a couple of their specialty cocktails, the Veda Mule and the Shirtless Ghandi. I really enjoyed the Ghandi. The coconut flavor really came through. 
The menu seems to offer traditional dishes with an upscale and modern twist. There are numerous options for vegetarians and vegans to choose as well. We tried some of the small plates, Okra salad, Crispy Spinach Chaat, Lassoni Gobi (cauliflower). All were very interesting and flavorful. While these are smaller plates, they are a good size for sharing. We also got the Wild Mushroom Korma.  This was filled with fresh mushrooms and the taste really grew on me with each bite. This meal was served with rice. They have a variety of naan and we tried the goat cheese. If you like goat cheese, try it! 
Being a new establishment, the staff is making an effort to improve their service.  The general manager asked us about our experience, so that was nice personal touch. This is a moderately upscale place but is good for regular dining with friends or family, date nights, and special occasions.Thank you to Inder and Bridget for a really fun night. Happy hour was awesome and the food was sooooo good. Ask for Bridget as your server. She made sure we had mushrooms in our lamb vindaloo.My wife and I had a 2:30 reservation for brunch. We were running a bit behind, were sat immediately. We ordered some drinks and then asked if the kitchen closed soon. We were told that the kitchen closes at 3pm. We were never pressured to order quickly, which I've experienced at other restaurants. My wife had a vegetarian sampler of sorts with naan, and I ordered a chicken dish (both off the brunch menu); we also ordered the fried cauliflower appetizer. EVERYTHING was super delicious. We even had a chance to talk to the owner who was very friendly and told us about some new menu options happening at the cocktail bar (small plate ideas). Our experience was great all around and we really appreciated the professional and friendly service.Really enjoyed my meal.  Some plates were quite inventive and some were more traditional but all were good.So I had a great time here yesterday! But my mom, who explicitly told them she did not want spice in a dish that we were told they could change the spice level, did NOT have a good time. Our server just brushed it off, even though it was as spicy as my "level 4 Spicy" dish, saying "oh well There's the sauce for that" which I thought didn't even come with her food, but mine.. so that was weird. Don't go here if you don't like spicy, lesson learned. I like spice so I thought it was great. I had an awesome vegetarian meal that was basically just chickpeas. I also have a great cucumber Drink (pictured). If you like sweet, you'll LOVE this drink! That cauliflower appetizer dish was to die for too. (Picutred). I'll be going back, but my mom probably won't unless it's just for drinks.Modern chic bistro in Center City.  Food was fresh and tasty.  Very accommodating service. Healthy portions. Cool ambience.I wish I could give 4.5 stars. We got a bunch of appetizers and a paneer dish. All the apps were amazing. You must try the spinach appetizer (and I don't even like spinach, but the waitress suggested it and I'm glad see did!). The only thing is I wish the paneer was spicer, but overal, it was still good.The service at Veda was amazing! I really enjoyed my dinner here! I love their drinks- the laila is my favorite! The appetizers I had were awesome. I highly recommend the Crispy Spinach Chaat and the Lassoni Gobi. I liked everything I gotVeda is an authentic Indian restaurant in Philadelphia offering tapas style plates and craft cocktails. I came on a rainy Sunday morning for brunch because they offered bottomless mimosas. The only downside is they limit bottomless to two hours.
One of the highlights of this place is the decor, they decorated the space with glittering chandeliers, orange seating, wood accents and whitewashed brick walls, plus a glassed-in bar.
The food was excellent, I sampled a little of everything from; Achari Chicken and Khichdi, Shrimp soft tacos, Non-vegetarian Thali and garlic Naan. 
My only recommendation to management would be to speed up service on your bottomless mimosas being that you already limit it by time. Definitely worth visiting.We ate there for lunch on a week day, and there is a $15.00 prix fixe lunch.  The atmosphere is nice.  The food was delicious, especially the Tandoori Chicken.  But the last time we lunched there, the presentation was beautiful with silver platters holding silver bowls filled with rice and masala, etc.  Now there is just a buffet set up in a dark back room with simple white plates, and the same price for lunch.  A little disappointed in that.The one after is for the only good thing of our visit which was the Old fashioned ordered by hubby. But the rest of the things were all thumbs down including the mojito which hardly had any alcohol and asked why I don't taste the alcohol, the overly smart bartender Raul said it's cause it was blended which kept me wondering why make excuses for drinks that you can't make well. For one of the drink, this Raul.must have tasted the drink for 8-10 times before sending it for the customer. Why would ugly need to drop that for a drink that's been on their menu for ever. The food was ok ok. The Ragda pattice was not authentic as the Ragda is made with white dried peas and not chickpeas like fine at Veda, you lose a star for not being authentic. Pork ribs were everything but Indian, missing on spices and heat, it was way took sweet. Overall not a good evening where food is concerned and to make it worse we had to experience this unprofessional bartenders drinks, not impressive at all. Earlier this restaurant was saw quite good and I would have gotten it 4 stars but now no wayHad dinner here yesterday with family, good vegetarian options, when I said I want my food spicy, they surely delivered, the spinach chat was really good, entrees were good portions, the ambiance is really nice.Between the gorgeous setting and the refined, individually delicious options this modern Indian fare is a sophisticated addition to the area.
Appreciated the wines by the bottle--nice selection of rose and whites which went wonderfully with the spicy offerings. 
The apps like the fried cauliflower, spinach chat and samosas were light and scrumptious. 
The sauces on the mains were so varied you want to go with a large group so you can sample each one. 
Head for happy hour at the bar weekdays 5-7 or weekends 6-8pm. 
My only constructive criticism is the happy hour shouldn't be limited to the bar but extended to diners.Had the lunch buffet about 31 hours ago. Am still recovering. I love Indian food and can handle the heat. This food had no heat but plenty of "aftershocks." The nearby Indian restaurant called "Indian Cuisine" is cheaper and tastier, with more variety on its buffet plus it won't force you to visit the bathroom several times over the next day. Bonus! I will say the naan was good, but they were slow to deliver it to the table and didn't offer seconds. So for the two of us at the table, we each had half a naan. C'mon.This is a great restaurant. Real Indian food without any weirdness. They'll even make the food spicy if you want.The food here was excellent! I've already been twice since they opened. I highly recommend the okra salad and the lassoni gobi appetizers! The sauces on the main dishes are great too. The atmosphere is unique, just like the cocktails.First time eating here and will definitely come back. Had the buffet, usually I don't like buffets but this one was great. Unlimited naan comes out pipping hot! Awesome! Most buffets would have the naan at the buffet table, which starts to get cold and hard.
The mocktails were delicious. Couldn't have cocktails because we had to work afterwards. 
I can't wait to go back and try the menu items next time. 
Someone told me it's the same owner as Tashan? Not really sure. If someone can verify, would appreciate it.I made a reservation for a large group in on a weekday in December, probably about 2 weeks in advance. Told my coworkers what a great place Veda was and we were all really looking forward to it. I received a call/voice mail the evening before my reservation (not even 24 hours notice) that the restaurant would be closed for a private event and, therefore, my reservation was cancelled. I'm very, very disappointed at the lack of notice, especially considering we were a larger group and one could easily assume some planning had gone into our gathering. Unfortunately, I will re-consider coming back in the future.I went to Veda for the first time last night with a party of 8 people to celebrate a birthday. The food was great but the service was horrible and the up-selling was obvious and borderline obnoxious. Members of our table asked for tap water several times only to be brought repeatedly bottles of flat water which we were then of course billed for. When we ordered appetizers about ten minutes after ordering them someone else other than our waiter came out and told us we didn't order enough appetizers and we should order more. We did order more and they were all tasty, but between the appetizers and the naan bread baskets we were encouraged to order we had a glut of food. All of us ended up taking food home. There was a very long wait to get our initial cocktails and en even longer wait to get the second round. By the time my second cocktail came from the bar I was already through with my dinner. The restaurant said that we were not allowed to split the bill on more than three cards but my friend who made the reservation said that she had asked in advance if paying by multiple credit cards would be fine and she was told it would be. At the end of the evening it took them at least twenty minutes to process our credit cards. Our dinner reservation was for 7 and we did not leave the restaurant until 9:30. I didn't mind the long meal so much since we were with good company. But 2 and a half hours for a two course meal on a Wednesday night seems incredibly too long to me. The manager did present us with free appetizer cards since we were all baffled about why and how it was taking so long to run our credit cards.I appreciated the apologetic stance at the end of the evening from management but this place just needs to get it together.Veda is great for all ages. Celebrated my parents surprise 40th anniversary party and they were so happy with the service and ambience. Drinks and food were amazing that we double our orders. It was nice of manager to check on us every few minutes to provide us top notch service even when the restaurant was full. Food quality is right on and the service with bar is top notch.This new restaurant is a hidden gem for happy hour and the full menu is amazing to boot! I love coming here after work with friends it's our new spot for a great happy hour food and drinks. 
My fianc and I come here for dinner whenever we need our Indian fix. I have never been disappointed here. Everything has been fantastic.
Chicken murmuri-humans platter- old fashionOne of the best Indian restaurants in center city Philadelphia. The food was nice and warm when it arrived on the table. Not just that the food was authentic and tasted really well. The ambiance of the restaurant was amazing and the service was awesome. The waiters were cheerful and made me feel good. If you are anywhere near center city and want to try anything great then i would highly recommend this place.I went to Veda for happy hour on a Friday night. We had a group of 3, arrived right at 5, and had our choice of seats at the bar. Great atmosphere, great drinks, great food, great deal.
Drinks: I had the Laila - simple but SO delicious. I had two, and I'm the kind of person that never gets two of the same thing.
Food: Calcutta short ribs - really tender and flavorful. Goat cheese naan - great flavor, I tend to prefer my naan more crispy, but that's just personal taste. Grilled salad - delicious, spiced paneer with grilled veggies, broccoli had some kind of great dressing on it. 
Service: our bartender, Hannah, was fantastic. Happily answered several questions about different drinks, was attentive but not overbearing, and expertly managed the entire bar by herself.
Will definitely be back!Food was nothing to brag about. Spice level 3 came out to be very spicy. The Paneer Makhni was the best dish. Dal Makhni was normal.I went to Veda with my family (4) for lunch on Saturday and had a Great experience.
Drinks we ordered; 'Old fashion Gabbar', 'Laila', 'Karishma' and 'Gulabo'. Very creative drinks, and they explained us how they prepared the main ingredient of each of these drinks a night before.
Authentic food taste, balanced spices; greatly enjoyed Tandoori chicken with mint chutney, green leaves chicken curry, Mutton Rogan Josh, Kari Pakora, and fresh naan/bread served on the table. 
The place is elegant and cozy, modern ambience, music not too loud. Friendly and quick response staff.
All in all, it was a Great Experience to have an authentic Indian food in center city Philadelphia in a relaxed environment. Will definitely visit again.I love this place! I've been here a few times and each time has been excellent. All the food is delicious, the service is always friendly and professional, and the prices are totally reasonable! My favorite dishes are the okra salad, masala hummus platter, goat cheese naan, paneer makhani, wild mushroom korma, and baingan ka salan. 
Definitely recommend Veda!!! Already excited to go back...The good was very good. Great presentation of traditional Indian food. The dishes were great. The bar area is small and can get crowded earlier in evening.
The bartender was very mechanical. Did the job fine but not friendly.If you want a modern twist on Indian food with a fun, hip atmosphere, come to Veda. The wait staff was incredibly attentive, and our waiter was patient when we could not decide what to order. He even helped us decide our meals by offering suggestions. I highly recommend the Crispy Spinach Chaat, Wild Mushroom Korma, and the Chicken Tikka Makhani. We also ordered the Vegetable Biryani, but this dish did not have nearly as much flavor as the others. We used it as a side of vegetable rice to add to the other dishes. Overall, I highly recommend this restaurant!Delicious as always! The okra salad is great, all the meat dishes are exceptional. The recipes are traditional with high quality ingredients. The best Indian in Philly for sure!I'm not big fan of Indian food. This place totally change my mind about Indian food. It was great. We had a fraid cauliflower, chicken masala, and grill chicken (complementary). The drinks was amazing Yorly the bartender was great making drinks. I should also give credit to the reasturant mane hat Harsh for the complimentary dish.Great food but small portions. We ordered a bottle of wine but after seeing other people's drinks, I wanted to try a cocktail. Will definitely return to try more items from the menu and their cocktails.Very good!  You can't go wrong with any order!  There were 5 of us, we are big eaters so 4 small plates and 5 entries put us to sleep.Came a few weeks ago and had a great time! I was seated by the sweetest hostess. Loved the food, presentation was beautiful, server had great recommendations, and I'm excited to come back to try the cocktails soon!Just dined here for the first time with our friends and we really loved it! The food is pretty good and the vibe is even better. The decor and the art on the walls is dope! Only holding back the last star cause I ordered the lamb shank and the meat didn't fall off the bone. It was still good but that would sealed the five stars for sure! The blueberry kulfi is TO DIE FOR! Probably one of favorite things from the night. 
We ordered a bunch of other dishes too and they were all good. Had some good butter chicken, Shahi paneer, spicy Naan, lasooni gobi, chicken malai kebab, and some mocktails. Everything came out hot and fast, which was awesome! 
Overall, definitely a dope Indian place! I recommend!Really Impressive restaurant, went here with a couple of friends and we will def be coming back. The food was really amazing, and the staff was super nice and accommodating.The atmosphere was also really peaceful. Would def recommend!!Stopped into Veda last week, and it was excellent! Great service & atmosphere. Definitely will be returning!Great place for a nice brunch and cocktails with an indian twist! The crispy spinach chaat was one of most phenomenal dishes I have ever tasted at any Indian restaurant and it paired perfect with the Laila drink. I loved the fact that they had so many different types of cocktails but also catered for non drinkers with their list of mocktails. 
As soon as we walked into the restaurant it seemed as if the photos from the Inquired came alive. This restaurateur is so beautiful and has such a perfect combination of Indian, modern rustic. It is gorgeous. Loved the Namaste welcome mat at the entrance!
I was a bit disappointing with the service. Our waitress was very friendly. However, she rarely came over to check on us to even offer refill on our drinks or to ask how our meals were.  Additionally, my sisters had ordered a mimosas and didn't receive until about 25 minutes into our meals. Our waitress apologized and mentioned "there are many mimosas being served." I guess that were her way of saying there was a mix up?Went with a group here for national margarita day, the drinks were different and delicious! Loved the twist on tacos and such a great deal. They were busy but still maintained great service.The food is wonderful and love the ambience! I always loved the management as well. My favorites are the chicken, biryani and cocktails.. 
The food specifically is very authentic as I am Indian and I know. Very very rare to find a place like Veda where the food is authentic yet approachable to people who have not had Indian food before. The food comes out in 15-20 mins which is better than average. Spice level can be chosen from a scale of 1-5 which is very nice.Phenomenal gem of an Indian restaurant in the heart of Rittenhouse Square. Veda did not disappoint with its beautiful restaurant ambiance, diverse menu filled with clean but inventive foods and a great bar list makes Veda the best Indian spot we've been to in Philadelphia. Insider's tip: Their wine list is expensive but they have a daily happy hour. Also be sure to try their Chicken Tikka which is out of this world.WOW!!! About time center city has such a high caliber modern Indian fine dining restaurant. Every dish was exceptional. My favs were spinach chaat,  paneer, gobi, and the assorted naans! Everything was delicious. You have to try the Kulfi!!! It's out of this world!
The service was amazing. The manager came by and made sure everything was perfect. Made us feel very welcomed. 
The bar is top-knot and has lots of fun cocktails. My wife loved the "Laila".  I had the Gabbar and "Shirtless Gandhi". 
We will def be returning.The decor within Veda is very beautiful and colorful, creating a vibrant yet romantic atmosphere. 
We ordered the Chicken Pepper Chettinad and Chicken Lababdar as our entrees which both get two thumbs up. The portions are very generous and served along with basmati rice. We also ordered the garlic Naan which had a delicious bold flavor, highly  recommended. 
As I finished dinner, I noticed how filled and lively the bar area was at 11pm. Will have to stop and check out the bar upon my next visit!I've been meaning to try Veda for some time and finally got the chance during center city sips. We wanted to have dinner regardless so we opted not to sit in the bar area (this is the area that has the center city sips specials). The service was really great, our waiter gave us suggestions and was always checking in on us to make sure we were okay. He also wasn't showing any annoyance even though we took forever ordering our food. The drinks were amazing, I honestly was all for trying their cocktails and would go back just for these. For the appetizers, we got their tandoori grilled salad and lasooni gobi. I loved the lasooni gobi, it was like breaded and fried cauliflower with lots of garlic. The tandoori salad was okay to me, I feel like I've had better dry paneer tikka. As for the main course, we only split one curry which was Paneer Makhani and I thought this was pretty good as well. I'll definitely be back but next time I think we may opt for the bar area and do drinks and apps.Truly authentic Indian. Just the right amount of spice and not too oily or buttery. Get the Kale appetizer, it is fabulous!We just had the most wonderful experience here.  We started off with some very inventive cocktails and then had one of the best appetizers.  The cauliflower appetizer is a must try.  Our main dishes were amazing and the food was excellent,  adding an elegance and a modern twist that took it to another level.
The atmosphere was casual and intimate.  The music was not too loud and we were able to easily carry on a conversation.  And the staff was both attentive, friendly, and helpful to guide you to a memorable meal.  We will be back many times!While as a South Asian, I'm relatively horrified at the idea of paying $3 for a plain naan, I really do love Veda. The food is good, the service is even better. Everyone is super nice and funny, which makes the whole vibe of the restaurant really nice. I also like that it's fusion food and they experiment with some of the "classic" Indian foods you would typically get at a North Indian restaurant.
TLDR; if Veda was a person, I'd marry it.Came back after a brief hiatus to explore more food destinations and the drinks and happy hour menu have been updated. I showed up with some friends on a Wednesday evening and experienced excellent service and some recognition from the servers. 
The updated seasonal drinks are out of this world. I simply don't understand why people wouldn't be crowding this place for happy hours. Craft cocktails, beautiful ambience and very very reasonable prices for rittenhouse. 
Cheers!We were on the road for a few weeks, and after some time, we always crave Indian food.  We were excited to see some items like the corn soup or mushroom entree on the menu.  While most of the food was ok, we didn't think it warranted the steep price tag.  Think we'll try another Indian restaurant next time we're in Philly!Beautiful space. Didn't realize it was so big. Apparently it was an Italian restaurant before--can't for the life of me picture which...
The good: the mushroom curry was terrific. The lamb vindaloo was superbly tender. Nice variety of liquors available.
The bad: consistency be thy name. Asked for a level 2 (of 1-5) spice level for the mushroom curry...it was spicier than every other dish (some of which were requested at a level 6!). And, too expensive (e.g., bread basket for $12.00)!
Result: A good experience, but not one I'd repeat unless other diners specifically requested the spot. Have had as good Indian for less elsewhere in the city.Dined here for dinner last evening. 
Ordered the lassoni gobi for appetiser and wasn't very impressed - some of the cauliflower was too fried and the sauce made it very sticky and candy like.
For main entree, we had the chicken tikka makhani and dal makhani. The dal makhani was disappointing - usually lentil dishes are my favorite but this one lacked the creaminess and flavour I was looking for. The chicken tikka however was good, but given the small amount of chicken in the dish, it was most definitely not worth $19. 
We had the gulab jamon for dessert and it was delicious - again have had better though.
Overall, very cool environment but sub-par Indian food.Probably the worst Indian Restaurant I have ever dined in philly area.. Portions are very small and quality is pathetic.. We were group of 6 people and ordered almost everything on menu. Nothing was good.. Drinks were decent but cocktail class was half when served.. Will never recommend anyone.. I believe place will not sustain long..Veda is exactly what Philly has been missing. From the location, to the food, the ambience, and the service - I have yet to enjoy a similar experience at any trendy new Indian restaurant. I started my afternoon at happy hour at Veda, and was blown away by the service and drinks. The bartender was chatty in a great way, and the open balcony made for great people watching while I worked. I met great people at the bar and decided to stay for dinner, and couldn't have been happier with my decision. The food was extremely tasty, and the general manager and owner himself was walking around and ensuring that all his customers were having a great experience. I will absolutely visit Veda on future Philly trips, and will be sure to recommend this to all of my family, friends, and coworkers.Came here to celebrate my birthday on our daughters recommendation, we had a great evening, great food, great service, staff was excellent and service impeccable, very attentive and quick. We own a couple of restaurants in NJ ourselves, so believe us when we say it was great!!Love love love love love love love 
Can you be obsessed with a restaurant? Is it BAD that I've already had this about 4 times and they've only been open a month ish? This review was a while coming, but considering I just placed my 5th order via postmates, I think it's time.
First impressions: 
this restaurant is beautiful. It was formally an Italian place with a standard Italian name, nothing catchy. So glad that something exciting came into the space!
Menu: 
the menu reflects that of Coriander in Voorhees and Indiya in Collingswood. From what I hear, it's the same chef - which really helps Veda stand to their credibility. Incredible food! The manager, Inder, came over to tell us that he plans on changing up the menu to incorporate a more fusion theme as the year progresses. This sounds like a great idea, though I am weary of vegetarian/vegan options in the future.
Favorites: 
GOAT CHEESE NAAN! Holy hell, why has no Indian restaurant ever thought of this before? I ordered it each time I came with a new friend.. A big hit - every.single.time.
Okra Salad -- loved it! I would totally eat this for breakfast, lunch and dinner.
Curries -- all great, be sure to adjust for spice level. I like my food on the spicier side and they delivered. The standard is pretty mild to cater to a diverse audience.
Apple Jalebi -- loved this! Though an actual 'jalebi' would have been exciting to eat in a fancy format. 
Cardamom ice cream -- my roommate was in love with this. 
Drinks -- if there's any part of me that wants to nag about something, it's probably this. Cool names, but the presentation was pretty mediocre. We're in a city that's all about the drinks, given the price point, I want something I can Instagram the crap out of. I'm pretty sure I've tried most of their signature recipes at this point - all lovely.
Portions -- okay okay, I'm usually pretty level headed about this. I get it from a business perspective, but in comparison to other Indian places - higher end or lower-- (Indeblue, Coriander, Indiya, Tiffin, New Delhi, Sitar) - their portions don't make the most sense, and it's just not what the Philly market is used to. Plop this restaurant in NYC and you could get away with a smaller portion. But we're in Philly, people just aren't totally ready for that here. Perhaps have a "side" and "entree" curry price? That might ease the tension. 
Overall, I love this place. And you will too. Go for happy hour, go for restaurant week, take your mom, take your girlfriend. You won't be disappointed. Ever.
Shout out to the amazing manager, Inder. He's came over to my table every single visit and always ask about our meal. He probably thinks I'm super creepy for visiting so often but I can't help it.. I just really like the goat cheese naan, man. Superior quality, superior service.  Go!The food was amazing! The portion sizes were perfect, especially if you want to try more than one item on the menu. The goat cheese naan was delicious, preferred it over the plain naan, which we also tried. The chicken was very tender not rubbery and nice and spicy, not excessively, but just enough so that you could enjoy your food. The mango lassi was very refreshing and perfect to counteract some of the spice.The food menu was inventive, fresh, and delicious!! We had read they were known for their happy hour so started at the bar and enjoyed 2 glasses of wine each. Happy hour is 4-7 and they offer great deals on wine, beer, cocktails, and appetizers with a pretty large bar space. The dining room is upscale and hip without being too loud. For dinner we shared the naan appetizer, cauliflower, okra salad, and chicken kebab. This was the perfect amount for us as two people despite the waiter trying to convince us otherwise. The waiter was the only real drawback to our night as he seemed to have an attitude when he saw we sat down with drinks and would not be ordering from the restaurant week menu. Since we previously lived in Philadelphia and found ourselves in the city during restaurant week we wanted to try this spot for their full menu. And as Yelpers we read about their great happy hour. We still stayed for dinner and should not have experienced rude service because of these things. Perhaps the restaurant could encourage their waiters to treat all customers with respect regardless of what they order. Otherwise we had a 5 star experience!Making a very good impression as my new favorite Happy Hour Spot in Philadelphia, the food is fantastic & fairly priced.  In addition to great food the signature drinks with Raul behind the bar makes this place a new found gemWe went there for Father's day lunch. They had a $22 buffet which I thought was okay. The tandoor dishes were good but the rest of it was nothing special. There was no lamb/goat dish, which to me is integral to a delicious non-veg Indian meal! The decor is trendy and I was hoping that the food would be too but it was regular desi fare in a better than usual setting. And I usually judge an Indian restaurant by how well they cook the chicken tikka masala. The one I had in the buffet was way too sweet.Good happy hour--and one of the only places in the areas with happy hour at 7 on a Sunday night. 
The food was good, and in fairly good portions for the price. The Malabar fish fry ($5) actually provided a good amount of fish! it's fried in the manner of fish and chips, battered and fried but without much spice, and served with a sauce. Goat cheese naan (#3) is cheese-stuffed, so the flavor is intense. Tandoori mixed grill is less of a deal at $5 for a skewer of grilled vegetables and two chunks of paneer, but that's standard for happy hour fare. Beers were a good deal at $4 each.Good food. Horrible service. They were way under staffed tonight. It took forever to pay. We asked for food to go, but a bus guy with poor English grabbed it. He stacked dirty dishes into our food and ruined it.Very caring service! The food is amazing. I had been going to the sister restaurant in voorhees for years, I am so glad they opened up a restaurant in center city. Definitely the best Indian food on this side of the city!This place is my new favourite Indian spot in the city. My girl and I went there tonight and we were the only ones in the restaurant since it just opened a few days ago. We were a little skeptical at first but the service was INCREDIBLE. Don't be afraid to go in if its empty....people will start filling the place soon! 
We ordered the crispy cauliflower to start - amazing. So delicious. For our mains we did the mushroom korma and chicken tikka. Korma was mild and creamy. Tikka was thick and a little spicy. Both very very good. Rice was tasty too. But the Naan bread...oh man. This might have been the best naan bread I've ever had. Get the one with garlic and herbs...$3 for a ton of it. 
All in all, we'll definitely be back. Best Indian food in Center city with a very slick vibe.Went here for restaurant week and had a great meal. Usually with restaurant week deals, you don't get a full size of each dish, but if these were full sizes, I would be surprised. There was so much food and everything was delicious. The spinach starter was absolutely amazing, I still salivate just thinking about it. The service was great. I will definitely be going back, soon!Their okra salad is really amazing and they always have an interesting selection of drafts that go well with the spice profiles. Overall the quality of the meat is quite high and the portion size is generous. I love all the food I've had in three visits except for the lamb chops. They were a bit over cooked and bland. Otherwise I would have gone with 5 stars.Not terrible Indian food. Our server was great - he was reminiscent of a Hispanic Bobby flay. 
Why a 3? Well technically I would give it a 3.5, because it was good but not good enough for what it cost. Maybe use it as a happy hour spot?We went for restaurant week, and here it goes.
Lamb and coriander soup and tandoori salad: the highlights
Spinach chaat and lasooni gobi: good. Big kudos to the chef for making sure Gobi doesn't taste like ketchup.
Lamb stew: just ok!
Thali: not recommended. Food tasted pre-made.
Kulfi: pretty good
Gulab jamoon ice cream: pretty good also.
Lassi with rum: bad combo. Shy away.
We ordered samosa (not on the restaurant week menu): so-so
We will give it another shot. Big hopes on regular menu.
If you like a lounge-like ambiance, this place is for you.
The service is impeccable all around. The food did, in some ways showed masterful restraint, and I highly appreciate that.This is a fantastic restaurant! The service is great. Really friendly and informative wait staff. The food is great, try the Rogan Josh!!! 
The bar tenders are really talented, ask for the G and T. Thank me later. Best gin and tonic ever. 
Overall, had a great time, had great food, and great drinks.excellent food. dal makhni is great.Great food, great drinks, great ambiance but the music kills the vibe. Modern Indian bistro does not match the elevator jazz that was playing during the entire Thursday night happy hour. 
Bring back the fun, upbeat Indian inspired music and leave smooth jazz to jazz bars.I have been to Veda twice, the most recent time being a celebration dinner with family and friends after graduating downtown at the Kimmel Center. The hostess was super accommodating when I wanted to make a reservation for my large group - 15 people and the table was ready for us when we arrived. 
We ordered drinks right away and were happy to see a selection of indian inspired cocktails. Everyone agreed that all the drinks were perfectly flavorful and crisp. 
For dinner, we ordered various vegetarian entrees, one daal, several bread baskets and a few appetizers. My personal favorite was the Wild Mushroom Korma - if I could replicate that in my own kitchen I would make it every week. The flavors come through so subtly but seamlessly! Definitely a new fave. 
I've yet to visit Veda during Happy Hour but the menu looks amazing, the hours seem flexible (including weekend) and I've heard great things from friends so I'll have to catch it next time I'm in Philly.Heard all the buzz about Veda? So had I...but in reality, they failed to impress.
Came here for dinner for three on a Saturday night. It was crowded but not too loud. The atmosphere inside is quite nice, but it's so dark that it's hard to see the menu or the food. The waiter was overly attentive to the point of suffocating our enjoyment of the meal and company. 
Crab cakes were good-- and coming from Maryland, I have high standards. 
Naan have to be ordered separately, and they were disappointingly thin and tough. 
They only provided one bowl of rice for three people, which was not enough, and yet the rice was not of a quality that warranted paying for another bowl. 
Entrees were just ok; maybe lacking a little in spice, and nothing really wowed us.Had been to Veda when it first opened for lunch and the food and service was good. Thought we'd go in for Happy Hour last evening. 
Since we were a few minutes early before opening time were told to wait outside until 5 PM, and that's understandable which we obliged. 
However here was  the 1st issue, couple minutes after us a few other guests walk in and they were promptly seated and served their drinks at the bat.
2nd issue was Happy Hour Menu is only served at the bar, never been to bar that has these rules and there is no information on the Happy Hours Menu about the same, not even in small print. 
3rd issue was the seats at the bar were reserved supposedly by another group of guests, again there were no cards stating the seats were reserved, and we were asked to sit on the straight table which faces the stairs with our backs to the bar.
The food may be good but service and management are rude and inept. The owner needs to look into who they hire, as they are the face of your restaurant when you're not there.
We enjoyed our Happy Hour elsewhere. Go to Veda if you want to treated rudely. Veda lost our business this evening and going forward.This was my first time dining here and let me start by saying that this restaurant is beautiful. They really did an amazing job with the layout. Now to the food, I came here for brunch so the menu was pretty small. I had the lamb sliders and a chicken dish, Kati rolls-- I'm sure I spelled it wrong. Both dishes were delicious, they were seasoned to perfection. Their drinks were good, but a little on the pricey side. A shot of Bacardi rum was $12, but the glass it was served in was adorable. And a quick shout out to our server Monet, she was great! If coming for brunch, the kitchen and bar close around 2:30 ish. I arrived at 2:15 so it was a little rushed and my friend wasn't able to get what she ordered due to one dish being sold out. On the other hand, they let us finish our meal and did not rush us even though most of the staff left lol. I am looking forward to coming back here for dinner. Again, those lamb sliders were amazinggggg.