no, but seriously. i think i could live off their crispy cauliflower / spice with a kick. it's that f'ing amazing.
happy hour goes til 7pm now (M-F): discounted apps, beer, wine and cocktails. option to sit at the bar or in their swanky cocktail lounge tucked away in the corner. 
and don't leave without trying at least one of their desserts. they are PERFECT in every sense of the word. basically, i'm obsessed.
vegans, vegetarians and meat-eaters alike, you gotta check this place out.We've been meaning to try Vedge since the moment Horizons closed it's doors.  We finally got the chance when my sister visited.  It's still a bit tough to get a table at good times during the weekend, so we ended up with one of the first reservations of the evening.
The restaurant space is really open and airy.  I really like that they did not cram in more tables than needed.
The food is the real star here though.  I did think it's a bit odd there's a bunch of small dishes but you don't really order it tapas style.  No worries though, you just need to pick a few and you'll be in for a treat.  One of my favorites was a carrot dish and of course all the desserts were great.
Service overall was pretty good.  Everything was bought out and cleared at just the right time.  Our server was nice and did a good job, but nearing the end of our meal I really felt like we were getting rushed out.  I totally understand tables need to be turned and we were the first seating, but I definitely noticed it.
Overall though, I wouldn't hesitate to go to Vedge again and try all the dishes we couldn't try the first time.The most amazing vegan food ever!!!!!!!
Everything is so carefully prepared and beautiful presentation!Vedge is fantastic. I have been there twice and both times I enjoyed every bite. It is also a great all around experience with great waiters who really know their stuff. Our favorite is the rutabaga fondue!Excellent restaurant, vegan or otherwise. The mushroom dishes are fantastic. Definitely worth trying.Food and service excellent. Go here and forget about the vegan thing and just enjoy delectable food presented well with amazing flavors. Only disappointment was the peashoot broth, which just tased like a overloaded miso soup. Great place.Behold the power of vegetables!!
We love Vedge. I cannot stress enough how much we love Vedge.
Being vegetarian or vegan and a foodie can be a lesson in frustration. Too many restaurants believe "holding the cheese" on a sandwich, or offering a salad and fries is a "vegetarian option". Yes, there are more vegetarian restaurants these days, thank god, but not the number of gourmet ones that are necessary.
Vedge delivers in the gourmet category. These dishes are not only immensely flavorful but creative. 
The atmosphere is downright charming and the service couldn't be better.
My only complaints are, although tapas, the portions could be a tad larger for the price. My husband and I usually order 3 each plus a dessert each (sticky pudding is diviiiiiine!) and we eat something at home 3 hours later because we just aren't satiated. 
Which brings me to my second complaint...no more bread. They used to offer fresh baked bread which was not only delicious but filling. We still order the same amount but now we go home hungry.If you are interested in trying some wonderful vegetarian food, in a warm and relaxing place, with great wines, then try Vedge. Unbelievable menu, which changes with the seasons. Creative, beautiful presentation and delicious- even for non vegans! The sticky toffee pudding is a must for dessert. You would never know you're eating vegan!When people say this is the best restaurant in Philly and not just the best vegan restaurant, they're on to something. It's certainly one of the best restaurants in general that we have here in the city. Incredibly satisfying on many levels. Everything is top notch; just delicious. Get the shiitake mushroom entree with celery root fritters and the cheesecake and/or the chocolate uber chunk dessert. Great bar selection as well.There's probably nothing I can say that hasn't been said before. The service was impeccable. They were very attentive. We never waited for our food or for our water glasses to be refilled. Everyone on the staff was incredibly knowledgeable and friendly. I really can't say enough good things about our experience at Vedge. Go. And order one of everything on the menu. You won't be disappointed.Spot on small vegetarian plates. Redefines a meatless meal.Oh. It's good. This is the place to bring your strictly carnivorous friends who think vegan food is for the birds (pardon my glib. I recognize few birds are vegan).
I don't think you should bother to make a reservation on the day you plan to eat there. At least a day in advance is best, because they book up quickly. However, even when I call and they say they are booked, there is generally a high top or bar space available when I walk in.
It is good. Shake-a-fist-at-my-plate-making-caveman-grunts good. Like silence-on-an-otherwise-engaging-date-because-I-can't-stop-shoveling-food-into-my-face good. Like plotting-with-said-date-how-much-of-a-salary-it-might-require-to-lure-one-of-the-chefs-into-our-kitchen-as-a-personal-cook kind of good.
The price- matched the proportions and undervalued the quality. I think it actually might be less expensive than it was at Horizons.
Dirt menu- brilliant. Favorites: the cauliflower with sriracha mayo and the shaved brussels sprouts.
Plates- the barbecue seitan is our running favorite.
Lastly, here we have one of the most perfectly mixed dirty martinis I have ever consumed.
I want to eat here every day until I die, the end.Absolutely beautiful restaurant.
Top notch service staff.
Food was very good but not spectacular.
I was satisfied, but always felt like each course needed something more...something that made me say "wow this was the best thing I've ever had"
We shared nine dishes including two desserts and none of them left me feeling like I would order that dish again.
Don't fall for the "you should order 3 items per person" line. It's way too much food and just pads your bill.
And two individual bathrooms is not enough for the volume this place is doing.By far one of the most amazing meals I've ever had in my entire life. My favorites were the uber chocolate dessert and the fingerling fries, although everything we ordered was perfect. The staff were very helpful when we needed help picking from the menu.Vedge was amazing. The customer service was fantastic and the food was delicious you could tell that every dish was special and was prepared carefully. Even the smallest dishes were excelI did not even eat properly here, I went for a drink to see my lovely daddys and ordered the Kyoto Sour. Lets just say they have me wrapped around their finger. 
It was everything my mind wanted but my tongue din't know existed. Imagine me on their food. Goddamn! Have to make a trip back there. 
Love the decor and the staff was super nice, I almost forgot I was at a fancy place and need to be stiff.Delicious food and great atmosphere. I like that there is always something new to try every time I go. The staff is very friendly, the service is excellent, and there are unique opportunities to choose from.I am not a vegan/vegetarian but prefer to give it a try when there are good options, and this place is definitely the option.So this was my first time eating in this area of Philly and it was a good first experience. The only downfall was the parking situation since your pretty much forced to park in a parking garage so you can expect to pay $18 for a half hour or $36 for an hour. But okay so on to the food loll, I went here with a friend and it was a really nice set up, very warm and inviting. Our waitress was super sweet and are water glasses were always filled the second they got low. She also brought us 2 little shots of watermelon gazpacho which were good. I got the eggplant braciole and also the rutabaga fondue which both were very good, especially the braciole because it legit tasted like meat even though it wasn't loll. But it was an overall too exapeince and I'll deffintly be back.As many have said, make sure you get a reservation - which typically books weeks and even months in advance for key days/times.  This place is amazing, from the people, to the food and the drinks.  Each course is as good as the next.  They will make suggestions, but it really works well when you pick one dish from each each category on their menu.  We started with the Fancy Radishes and Rutabaga Fundue (soft pretzel) and they were really good.  The radish dish was very cool to look at and the flavors were crazy good.  The pretzel fondue was amazing - and we are still shocked that was vegan.  We then had the wood roasted carrot and eggplant braciole and both were really really good.  We added the broccoli rabe and nebrodini mushrooms - these too were very good.  For cocktails, highly recommend the baby boomerang - amazing taste.   they also have some really nice beer options.   Desert was also amazing, not sure how they got the flavors they did into the ice-cream but crazy good.  The chocolate and cheesecake were also really good.
Special thanks to Anne Marie as our server, she was really nice and make excellent suggestions - thank you!
We are going back for sure and asking for Anne Marie!Orgasmic vegan food. Best tofu I've ever tried. Amazing atmosphere. I would give this place 6 stars if I could. I came after the desert.Best meal of my life. I don't know how they get such awesome vegan creaminess into some of their dishes. Favorites are seitan, potatoes, nebrodini mushrooms, Brussel sprouts, beets, carrots and chocolate uber chunk for dessert!Wow, what a great dining experience. Every food item was on point. Service was friendly and very attentive. I would suggest the seasonal items paired with an original - the spicy tofu is excellent. The cocktails and drinks are very, very good, as well. Props to the chef and staff here. Presentation is superb.Both times I have been there have been spectacular, even for the Omni-borderline-carnivores that accompanied me. My boyfriend said we have to go back soon, and I requested my birthday. I ordered the stuffed avocado, rutabaga fondue, fingerling potatoes, wood roasted carrot, and the chocolate über chunk to finish. Definitely a go-to place.Everything you've heard about how great Vedge is .... is an understatement. There was not one thing I would change about the menu, presentation, service. Every menu item was delicious: the stuffed avocado, the roasted gold beets, the maitake mushrooms, grilled seitan, seared broccoli rabe, brussels sprouts, as well as a few "extras" that were so graciously presented, such as the rutabaga fondue. Even the desserts, a selection of sorbets and ice creams as well as the chocolate uber chunk drew me in, in spite of my lack of a sweet tooth. My dining partner and I savored every offering, not believing how each one surpassed the previous in creativity and tasty preparation.
The food was matched by the superb service. We were fortunate to have a delightful young server, Owen, who explained every dish and who was attentive yet unobtrusive. When we asked Owen what the building was previously, I was overjoyed to learn that it was one of my "back in the day" favorite restaurants, Deux Cheminées (which I, for some reason, hadn't realized). The co-owner, Kate, paid a visit to our table - making it evident that she and Rich (her husband and co-owner) love what they're doing - and it shows in their food, à la Like Water for Chocolate.
I foresee monthly visits to Vedge.WOW! My boyfriend and I dined her upon arriving to Philadelphia, and couldn't stop thinking about it during the remainder of our trip. 
We made a reservation, seeing as this place is renowned by critics and passionate food connoisseurs. We made it to Vedge a half-hour before our 9 pm dinner reservation, and were immediately seated! Woo! A wonderful first note :~)
The ambience is romantic, chic, and rustic. The space is incredible and innovative. Our server was knowledgable, helpful, and efficient: the service was impeccable. He even surprised us with complimentary soup to get us started! The price range of Vedge didn't encourage me to anticipate an amuse, so the soup was another miraculous treat from the team. However impressive the building was, and regardless of the staff's astounding sense of hospitality, the food *was* the shining element of the evening. The two of us shared a variety of items: the stuffed avocado, seitan with sunchoke hummus, fingerling potatoes, and delicata squash. The avocado and seitan were my favorites. The seitan tasted like smoked quail, and the hummus was sweet and nutty (seeing as it was made from sunchokes.) The avocado had a wonderful texture, and irresistible crunch. 
This restaurant was the highlight of my trip, honestly. Philadelphia is an amazing place, I will definitely be returning - this time with two (2) reservations for Vedge!Ever been to a restaurant and the food, atmosphere and experience are so memorable that you can't stop thinking about when you'll go there again?? Well that is what I feel about Vedge. From the amazing, delicious, one of a kind dishes to the ambiance and wonderful people who work there, you really can not get better than this. 
I live in New York and have done my share of Vegetarian restaurant hopping in the city and I feel Vedge is the best Vegan/Vegetarian restaurant I have ever experienced. The food is so delicious and unique. You can tell there is a lot of thought into each dish. Management and staff are so wonderful and accommodating and the restaurant itself is just beautiful. 
Make reservations ASAP because this place gets booked like crazy (I totally get why!)
I can not wait to go back to Philly and eat here again! Thanks for a memorable experience!Rich and Kate are a great couple! I have visited Vedge over 10 times, and it gets better and better. Everything served here is vegan based, but it smells and taste as if you were eating the actual meat product. You cannot go wrong with anything at all on the menu...From appetizers to desserts, you are in for a real treat!! However, our favorites are the eggplant braciole and shaved Brussels sprouts....Yummy! For dessert, you have to try the white chocolate panna cotta. Oh my!! I had to order it twice; even after eating their delicious cheesecake!If your wondering about this restaurant,  yes it's that good.    All the resturants in NYC, I drove 2 hours to Phily just dine at Vedge.   It was so worth the long hike and this my new favorite restaurant.    Since they won't open in NYC,  I bought the cookbook walking out the door.     I keep thinking when my next hike going to be Philly...This is an amazing restaurant! Everything is vegan and delightful! If you are a not a vegan you will still live this place! Great cocktails, with combinations I would not think of, and the food delicious!! If I had a chef that could make me delicious food like this, I would happily become a vegan. I tried what Fort Lauderdale considers the best vegetarian place, and it was awful, like going to a fast food as opposed to fine dining at Vedge. Try it! You will love it.This place is superb.  Seriously.  Best vegan restaurant I have ever been to hands down. I went tonight as my second visit with my mom.  We got mushrooms, fondue (ok, how do you make cheese fondue out of a vegetable? unbelievable...), pierogies, and a bunch of other things including a very unique and profound dessert-some type of smoked ice cream, caramel thing. Also, the wines are superb. The staff is knowledgeable and kind. The service is fast. There is a humble vibe to the space too which is so appreciated.  Any chance you guys would ever open a second restaurant in the DC area? It would be such a hit. If not, I guess I'll keep having to make the trip to Philadelphia! I am really singing my praises for Vedge. It is such an excellent place.  I seriously think it is one of the best restaurants in the country period, vegetarian or not. The flavors and textures are just so complex. Just go there now and see for yourself. :-)I am vegan and this is my favorite restaurant in Philly! I wish I could order everything on the menu, but I wouldn't be able to eat it all in one sitting. You can't go wrong here, vegan or not.The food here is amazing.  Pricey, yes- but if you're looking for a good meal and a nice evening out, definitely check out Vedge!  It really made our entire trip to Philly worth it.  And the service was spectacular!  The "dirt" menu was amazing- esp the fingerling potatoes and the crispy cauliflower.  They recommend 3 - 4 plates per person, which is just about what we did and we left feeling full and satisfied.  They should really market themselves as a "tapas" restaurant, since that's basically what they are- but either way, great food, great service, great experience.  I'll definitely be back here next time I'm in Philly!What could you not like about this place?!?! The atmosphere is amazing and the service is superb. Not to mention that the food might as well have fallen from the heavens. Seriously, despite it being labeled as a "vegetable restaurant," this place would amaze even the most uppity foodie. I often pop in for happy hour, as the drink specials and food selection are great and the prices are very affordable. However, when I'm really looking to indulge, I come in for dinner. My partner, who isn't vegan, loves this place as well. We have never had anything here that wasn't absolutely to die for. Oh, and for dessert, GET THE STICKY TOFFEE PUDDING!!! Hands-down, this is not only the best vegan restaurant I have ever been to anywhere, but it's also one of the best restaurants in general -- vegan or not!I took my husband here for his birthday and let's just say, this place lives up to its hype. The food was fresh, delicious and well-prepared. Our waiter was extremely well-versed on all of the menu items--you can tell he was really passionate about Vedge's food philosophy. My only regret is that we didn't have dessert--the sticky toffee pudding will be next on my list. :)In town from Phoenix for one night and our friends recommended this place since they knew we are vegans. All I can say is wow! This place exceeded our expectations in every area. From the cocktails, to the ambiance, to the service and especially the creative dishes and amazing flavor profiles, the Vedge blows it out of the water. This place will appear to omnivores and carnivores alike. Do not miss it! Only catch is it is hard to get in due to its popularity. Make your reservations early.This place probably doesn't need another five-star review, but it deserves one.  Elevated vegan food that makes you forget it's vegan.  You may not leave stuffed, but maybe that's not a good way to judge a place.  After all, each dish that gets place in front of you is more beautiful than the next.  Go for the experience.Vedge is the full package of restaurants.
Absolutely amazing food, great service, and a cozy, warm ambiance.  
It's small plates, so I would suggest ordering two plates a person and sharing.
Fingerling fries are a must, but honestly, everything I ate here was delicious.
Do save room for dessert. The sticky toffee pudding and the chocolate uber chunk are pretty much heaven on a plate.  
No seriously, the desserts are so good I would bathe in them.This is the best restaurant I've ever been to. Vegan or otherwise. 
I don't need to write anymore words than this. You must go.Adorable atmosphere, very homey.  The staff was very nice, helpful, and attentive.
Now on to the good stuff...what we ate:
From The Vedge Bar:
- Salt-Roasted Golden Beets: MUST GET! 
- Sweet Potato Pate: Others on yelp have raved about this dish.  I thought it was good, but not great.  It had a very strong smokey flavor, which I found to be overpowering. 
From The Hot Kitchen:
- Spicy Grilled Tofu: This dish was a waste of stomach space.  It shouldn't even be on the menu.  The sauce was flavorful, but the tofu was nothing special, just a slab of grilled tofu.  I expected something more unique. 
- Roasted Maitake Mushroom: MUST GET! This dish had such rich flavors and textures.  It was truly wonderful.  It was so good that after we were done eating it.  We ordered another one!  
From The Dirt List:  
The Dirt List is where it is at!!!  We ordered everything on the Dirt List and shared.  I recommend doing this.  It's really fun for everyone to try all the dishes and talk about it.  If you go to Vedge you MUST GET:   
- Turnip & Kohlrabi Toast: The truffle mustard sauce made it! 
- Fingerling Fries: Again, the sauce, oooohhh the sauce! 
For Dessert:
- Cheesecake: So unique.  The celery gel added a unique flavor that I really enjoyed. 
- Sticky Toffee Pudding: Just okay for me.  I wouldn't get again.
- Chocolate Uber Chunk: MUST GET!  Sugary, salty, decadence! I dream about this dessert. 
Suggestions: This is not a place to go if you want to get a bang for your buck.  The portions are small and expensive.  However, if you just give into the fact that you're going to be spending a lot, you will have an incredible meal!I was excited to try Vedge given how much I enjoyed Horizons.  The drinks were top notch and service was great Here is the reason for the three stars, the food was excellent, but the portions were ridiculously small.  I am not a big eater at all and appreciate the tapas idea, but the minuscule amount of food was upsetting.  I have never complained about portion size, but for the money, it was not worth it at all.  I thought that Horizons did it right.  Not huge portions, but at least enough to feel satisfied when leaving.  I don't really understand the reasoning behind the decision to decrease the portions.  I would recommend the restaurant, but please keep in mind that you will need to order a lot of dishes.Vedge has been on my go-to Philly restaurant list for a few years now. It's been raved about everywhere, from magazines to newspapers, to TV shows. This vegan restaurant excels in not only their presentation, but also transforms the experience of eating vegetables. It elevates the vegetable to the status of meat, without intending to imitate it. Instead of making the vegetable into something it's not meant to be, the cooks at Vedge bring out the vegetables' diverse qualities in flavor and texture, creating elegant masterpieces that you don't want to ruin by digging in with your fork. 
So now onto the actual food! The suggested amount of plates to order is 3 per person, but my friend and I decided 4 would be plenty for us. 
The menu is divided into three main sections, the first comprise of cold plates mostly in their raw form. The second section lists hot plates, which are a little heartier and have larger portions, and the third section is called the dirt list, items that are cooked for the most part but smaller portions. 
The first dish we ordered was the Wood Baked Sweet Potato Hummus with two types of sliced bread (multigrain and grilled white bread with olive oil) along with pickles and pickled jicama rods. They actually give you quite a large portion of hummus, but not quite enough bread and pickles to dip into the hummus. The bread and pickled items were very tasty. The bread tasted fresh and the pickled jicama was especially tangy with a strong bite. The hummus had a smooth texture and a very smoky flavor. We didn't expect this extent of smokiness, but if you like this flavor, then this hummus is right up your alley! 
Our second dish was the Roasted Rutabaga Salad. This was my favorite. It was presented beautifully with the leaves of the rutabaga, grilled shiitakes, and crushed pistachio making up a salad dressed in a little olive oil, and 4 large thin bright yellow slices of rutabaga emerging from underneath with some roasted bits of onion sprinkled along the long edge of the plate. I loved the surprise of a crunch of pistachio in the salad with the delicious mushrooms and fresh leaves. The rutabaga actually had a caramelized onion flavor and were crisp and delicate. The onion complimented the rutabaga well as well as the greens. 
Our next dish was Brussels sprouts that were shaved and grilled with a smoked mustard dressing drizzled on top. The Brussels sprouts were well cooked and flavorful and the mustard dressing was light and fresh, bringing out the Brussels sprouts even more so.
The final dish was the Seared Hearts of Palm. This was presented as one whole heart of palm in the middle, with chopped hearts of palm next to it with a Calabrian chile salad on top. This consisted of halved cherry tomatoes and chile peppers with a light vinaigrette. In a pool around this were black lentils that had a rich undertone, encircled by a rim of green Harissa puree. This dish was also well prepared, the hearts of palm were crisp and flavorful, the lentils well cooked and slightly rich with the Harissa blending in to add a delicate flavor. The child salad was a bit on the spicy side if you got a tiny pepper. They blended in with the tomatoes so I was surprised every bite or so  with a flaming sensation in my mouth. But the wait staff seemed to always have their eyes on the water glasses, so that helped wash away the spiciness.
The service also was extremely fast. Almost too fast! Our food came out in less than 10 minutes after we ordered, might have been five. 
We were presented with the dessert menu after we finished our meal, which by the way was the perfect amount for the two of us. The desserts were all items that combined sweet and savory flavors, but more adventurously than usual. They didn't appeal to our tastes, and we were happily full so we decided to pass on this. 
Overall, I would highly recommend Vedge. It's a great place to go whether you're vegan, vegetarian, or omnivore! 
However, you'll usually have to make reservations pretty far ahead of time if you're looking to eat at prime dinner hours (6-8pm) range. Or you might be able to snag a reservation that someone cancelled (like I did) a few days before!Favorite restaurant in Philly for special occasions. The food is amazing; it really makes you realize you don't need meat to be happy. My boyfriend is a carnivore and even he was raving about it.The first time we went to Horizons was two days before it closed. After a spectacular meal there, we chided ourselves for not trying out the place sooner. Fortunately, we were informed that the owners were opening a new restaurant, Vedge, with a more vegetable focused menu. When Vedge finally opened and I looked up their menu, I knew that we had to prepare ourselves for a very special meal. 
 So, when he begged/demanded a meal at Vedge as his birthday treat, I was only too happy to oblige. (We even skipped lunch to ensure that we were ravenous by the time we reached the restaurant.) The dim lighting and lively atmosphere contributed to a charming and intimate experience. Even though the place was packed, the service was impeccable and our dishes never took too long to arrive. I loved my elder sage cocktail and he liked his beer. We started off with the fingerling fries and ramp hummus from the dirt list; the fries were unexpectedly great and the hummus was delicious and garlicky. We ordered 6 small plates to share and all of them were exceptional but our favorites were the gochujang tofu (best tofu dish that I've ever had as a vegan, I've had my fair share), roasted maitake mushroom, and the eggplant bracciole. For dessert, he got the strawberry sorrel bread pudding which was insanely delicious and the fig cheesecake which, we both agreed, was one of the best desserts we had ever tasted.
 We had ridiculously high expectation going into our meal and by the end of it, we were very satisfied and all our expectations were surpassed.  He declared it the best meal he ever had; I don't consider it an exaggeration.So. Good. Start to finish delicious. One of those places where everything you put in your mouth is fantastic. Rutabaga (or rhubarb?) fondue to-die-for. Service outstanding. Even my carnivorous hubby enjoyed the food. I can't wait for another special occasion so that we can go back!What I lived about the Vedge experience was knowing I could (and wanted to) eat everything on the menu. I'm not a vegan, or even a vegetarian, but I love vegetables. We loved the pickles as appetizers, and the peach tart with mint and miso ice cream. I have to disagree with others that the portobello carpaccio was special; the six slices were so thin I thought the plate was empty, and the braised bean dish (though delicious with the smoked beet on top) was also extremely small. I have had better shaved brussell sprouts in your decent omnivore foodie establishment. I really enjoyed the beet cake with the creamy cucumber. 
Overall, I thought the price was too high for the volume of food. I happen to love small portions, but after $145.00 for two people I'm still hungry and probably won't return.It's mixed review time for Vedge. Had I rated Vedge on the food alone, I would've given them five stars.  But the service and slight embarrassment at the end of our meal brought my score down to three.
THE FOOD
A-maze-ing. Everyone says that Vedge is a great place for carnivores.  It is.  We weren't thinking about vegetables as we ate. All that mattered was the delicious food.  I recommend the sweet potato pate, which comes with bread, onions, cashews and mustard so that you can enjoy the flavors together.  I also recommend the stuffed avocado, the braciole, and the squash dish.
THE SERVICE
Our server was good. And nice.  But par.  No high highs.  No low lows. He spoke very quickly and we had to listen very closely to understand what he said, especially since it was our first experience with Vedge.
Our water glasses stayed full with filtered water.  That was nice.
While we were having a great time, we started to get the feeling that we were overstaying our welcome.  It was confirmed when our busser removed (snatched?) our water glasses from the table without asking if we were done.  I guess that's Vedge's way of saying, "It's time for you to leave now."  Then the hostess came to our table and very nicely explained that they needed the table.  I get it. Other reservations.  So we quickly vacated the spot.  However, just because we understood the reason, didn't make it any less embarrassing for me. 
TIP: If you go to Vedge and they remove your water glasses, that means it's time for you to leave. Or maybe you could simply ask up front what time your table expires.I had dinner and it was a great experience. Overall, I liked all the food (except one dessert component Stout ice cream) and loved the Roasted Maitake Mushroom, the Fingerling Fries (Dirt List item),  Hawaiian Hearts Of Palm "Cioppino" (tasted like scallop and crab cake) and Chocolate Über Chunk . If you don't know what the Dirt List is you must go and find out. LOL
The portions are small, but I was stuffed! Eating vegan is more about enjoying great food than large portions. :)Ok. I travel all over the country from NY to Los Angeles and everything in between.  I have been a vegan for almost 10 years now.  I didnt have a reservation and was a bit worried but got super lucky and a seat at the bar opened right as I got in.  This is hands down, undeniably the best vegan meal I have ever eaten in my life from appetizer to desert.  Not only that, but EVERYONE on the staff was so nice and so cool and so attentive to me- even the wait persons that weren't serving me!  It was really a great experience to eat there.  I can't not say how blown away by everything I was.  The food and the service were like nothing I ever experienced.  No pretentious anything here.  Down to earth and so appreciative to have me as a customer.  Plus the bar is amazing.  Definitely lived up to its reputation as the best vegan restaurant in the United States.  If and when I am back in Philly it's the go to.  The food is superb and so creative and cooked to perfection.  Wow.  Just wow.  Thanks Vedge.  You guys are the best!This is one of my favorite vegetarian restaurants ever! Each of the dishes packed a huge punch of flavor, every one uniquely different!
Service was extremely friendly and gave recommendations on what to order. The consolidated menu definitely helped make the food come out very quickly so you were never hungrily waiting.
TLDR: favorite dishes were Sunchoke Bisque, Fancy Radishes, and Seared baby Tatsoi 
Sunchoke Bisque: Nice peppering and the warm temperature made the shot like soup go down easy and smooth
Fancy Radishes: 4 different types of radishes with a paired side that complimented and highlighted the saucing. This was a good choice to get multiple flavors in a single dish. 
Stuffed avocado: Very filling and who doesn't love avocado! The sauce was creamy and had a buttery bisque like flavor. Highly recommend
Chioggia Beets on Rye: Fun deconstructed sandwich - the horseradish sauce flavor provided good flavoring for the three other textures
 Wood Roasted Carrot - What is a carrot but a simple root in the ground. Yet combined with the mashed garbanzo and crunchy carrot kraut made this simple vegetable into something much more. Each bite tickling the tastebuds yearning for more.
Seared Baby Tatsoi - this dish was swept me into nostalgic memories of my childhood times eating my moms simple home cooked meals.
Nebrodini Mushrooms - the basil really brought out a beautiful flavor to this dish. Felt like sitting on the side of the road in Italy, relaxing and letting the hours go by. The cherry tomato fished out a burst of flavor with each bite of mushroom adding a crunchy texture to perfect satisfaction.
Eggplant Braciole - this dish wasn't as strong as the previous ones. Lots of eggplant per bite but the flavor wasn't accented to the level that I was dreaming for.
Ssamjang Tofu - this delectable dish was wrapped nicely together with the miso 
Grilled Maitake Mushroom - as seen in very few dishes, what I found special in this plate was the fact that the celery flavor was strong but not over-powering. 
Aloysius was quite refreshing and very nice to sip on while cruising through each dish and course.
If you read through this entire review, I'm impressed and extremely grateful for the spending time to review this review. Meal was brought to me by my friend and sponser Scott.I am a carnivore. Plain and simple. I love all things meat- burgers, cheesesteaks, pork chops, prime rib, steaks, lamb chops... and the list goes on and on. 
I am down to try anything- even if that means going vegan for one meal. We went for Happy Hour and they allowed us to sit at a high top table in the bar area- all of the seats were full and I was worried that I wouldn't be able to have my Vedge cherry popped.
Our bartender/waiter was fantastic- the friendliest person, which set the mood off right. We ordered their punch cocktail which was one of the best happy hour cocktails I've ever had. Not too sweet, not too sour, it was just right.
We ordered the special toast which came with a ramp hummus and loaded veggies on top. We also ordered the Maitake Wit- their take on a cheesesteak. Oh. My. God. I'm just going to say it, even though I don't want to- it was BETTER than a regular cheesesteak. Sorry Steve's- Vedge kicks your ass. We also ordered the Korean Seitan Taco, the Fried Kimchee Potato Salad, and the Brussels off of The Dirt List. 
I cannot wait to trick my mom into taking me here for a full meal- I am not telling her it's vegan until we get there and it is too late to back out. heh heh heh.LOVED this place! The food is amazing and you wouldn't know it was made without animal product.  Make sure to order 3-ish dishes per person (combination of big and small plates) and then savor everything!  Loved the "dirt" menu - so tasty and fresh.  Reservations are hard to get, but they do set aside a few tables for walk-ins.  My cocktail was yummy, the service was the best I've had in a long time, and their sauces are amazing.Returned to Vedge a couple of months ago for happy hour. It was fine in that nothing went particularly wrong, except that everything was mediocre -- which is much worse than I remember. Some of the food used to be delicious, but no longer. 
Whereas Vedge's offerings used to be deliciously indulgent, they now seem merely overpriced, since they don't even taste great anymore.
It's somewhere between 2 and 3 stars. On food alone, it's more like 2.5 stars, but since the entire experience was so disappointing, I'd rate Vedge at 2 stars rather than 3 stars. 
I left as soon as I could & went to a different happy hour spot for tasty bites.
2+ starsThis has become one of my favorite restaurants. 
The dishes and cocktails are very inventive and the staff is very gracious. 
My biggest criticism has to be the pricing.  Many of the first courses are pint sized and very expensive.   I understand that the restaurant is in an expensive part of the city, I just wish the prices were a little more realistic.  That piece aside I am a fan.When you walk into the restaurant, you probably think to yourself "whoa, this place is a lot fancier than I thought it would be" and it is!  The decor and ambiance are beautiful, dark, sexy, and classy.  It's pretty romantic, so be prepared - if you are there with friends, you will be having some romantical friend times.  
I was a huge fan of Horizons, so I was really excited when Vedge opened, just like everyone else.  The service is top notch and the food is delicious.  Drinks here are pricey - on average $12-15 per drink, and they are all on the small size.
Between my 2 visits, I can't remember the names of all of the dishes I ordered, but what I've determined is that you can't go wrong, no matter what you order.  It will all likely be (1) something unlike what you have ever eaten before and (2) it will be delicious.
My only complaint, like most others, is that the portion sizes are ridiculously small.  No - I am certainly not expecting Maggianos or CheeseCake Factory sized portions, but even when you order 3-4 dishes like advised, you will still come away from this place hungry.  The "entree" sized portions are definitely smaller than appetizers at most restaurants.
My advice is to go here with a lot of money and without a huge appetite and you will be satisfied.  Once you get your bill, after a few of the pricey drinks, 3-4 dishes and dessert, tax and tip, it's going to set you back anywhere from $60-80 per person or more.  
Needless to say, I really love this place, and I will go back whenever I can.I finally came to Vedge last week, as its been on my highly anticipated bookmark list for a long time.  I had really high expectations, which were mostly all met.  Thus review is 3.5 stars. Rounding up because they change their menu often, so I'm sure there's better things coming soon! 
For starters, the ambiance was really cute and inviting. I loved how the lighting was pretty bright. I hate fine dining where the lighting is too dim and I can't see my food... Not a problem here! Down side, the 2 tops were way too close together so there was no dining privacy.  I was basically in my neighbors conversation the whole meal.
The service was absolutely fantastic. The waitress was very attentive, helped offer her favorite menu items, and was a sweetheart in helping fix a drink issue.  She rocked. 
The food: 
LOVES: Hearts of Palm was amazing, one of my favorite things....had swiss chard and tomato chutney.  Also loved the very unique Portabella Carpaccio, the caper puree was so delicious we were rubbing our toast in it to soak it all up!  The beets were good, with cheese and capers, reminded me of ahi tuna presentation.  On the dirt list, loved the creamy sunchokes with truffle puree, this was mind blowing!
OK's:  The brussel sprouts were average, they had a creamy sauce spread on top which wasn't the greatest, and the brussels themselves could have been more charcoal-ish. I've had better brussels at nearby pubs.  The bread wasn't very good, and the "compliments of the house" dish wasn't great either, some fancy kind of baked toast.  
Overall, very nice restaurant.  Fantastic service, great food minus a few average plates.  Oh, and the chocolate brownie dessert was a nice treat!  I'd recommend this for vegetarians or foodies.I have been trying to eat here for months but I never could get a reservation when I was in the area. I finally got my foot in the door and it was worth it. 
I have been a vegan for quite some time and this is some of the most delicious vegan food I've ever had. As far as savory dishes, I tried the brussel sprouts, seitan, gumbo, white bean pate, and broccoli rabe. Every dish was delicious. The best seitan I have ever eaten. Even my non vegan date enjoyed it and he normally is nauseated by faux meats. 
As far as drinks, we ordered the fe fi fo fum (sp). The green bean drink. Ended to getting a second because it was so refreshing. Also got the flannel jacket (or something like that) which was too gingery for me and the last one mock manhattan which was basically just bourbon. 
Now dessert, we shared the Saffron cheesecake and the could've been a candy bar. That cheesecake was amazing. The candy bar was also good, it was a crunchy cookie topped with pineapple, chocolate pudding and wasabi ice cream. I have had wasabi ice cream several times throughout Asia and I try to enjoy it but I really just can't. 
Overall, meal was fantastic. I understand many have a concern over the small portions and it is true. The plates are tiny. The broccoli rabe was maybe 5 pieces, same with the seitan. The gumbo came with a tablespoon of rice.  Regardless, I loved this restaurant. They change their menu seasonally so I cannot wait to try some new creations.This was the best vegan/vegetarian restaurant I've ever been to, and I used to work at a vegan restaurant. It was everything the restaurant I worked at wanted to be. Further, it was possibly the best restaurant I've ever been to. And I've been to restaurants in Ogdenville, Brockway, and North Haverbrook, and their restaurants put them on the map!
The staff were extremely professional. I've worked in the service industry 7+ years and even I felt I would not be qualified to work at this joint. So if anyone complains about bad service at this place ever, consider those people assholes. The service was literally perfect (and I don't throw the word "literally" around carelessly). 
After ordering, we were given two shots of cauliflower mustard soup as a starter for free. "WHAA?" we screamed internally, while devouring each sip. My husband was staring at the small, fancy pot they served it out of, his mouth watering. He looked at that pot more than he looked at me, and I'm quite enjoyable to look at. 
We ordered two appetizers that were unbelievably good. Stuffed avocado with something I don't remember, and a soft pretzel bun loaf with a rutabaga fondue. Rutabaga fondue!? It was creamy and almost cheesy-flavored but BETTER than cheesy-flavored, if you can believe it. I could eat it all day. 
Then we got this mushroom thing and some fingerling potatoes with horseradish cream sauce that I have been thinking about every few hours since eating it last night. We were full, but not too full, and we didn't leave feeling like we were going to explode.
We finished with coffee for me and tea for him, and a mud pie with bourbon-soaked peaches. Obviously it was delicious. The coffee came with some (I think?) home-made soy creamer and the cutest little sugar dish with a tiny spoon. The tea came in a cute little tea pot thing. We ended the night feeling full and energized for a night on the town!
Everything was perfect: the atmosphere, the drinks, the food, the service. I can't wait to go back. Now I understand all those people who ate at the vegan restaurant I worked at who were disappointed at the salty food we served. It was Burger King compared to this food. 
Long live Vedge!Okay, so I'm glad that I can say I've been there but I probably won't be rushing back. Let's get something out in the open first: I LOVED Horizons and was horrible depressed when it closed. My gut was bursting when I left that place and everything was absolutely amazing and the atmosphere was so, so romantic and cozy. Vedge? Not so much. I mean, it's nice inside but not as romantic. 
My biggest issue with Vedge wasn't the flavors - they were pretty good. I think it was that I was expecting Horizons again, and this is anything but. Yes, it's Rich Landau, but he's moved up in the world (good for him, I love him!) which means...small, small portions and big, big prices. This is disappointing to me because when the waitress (who was great) told us that she recommended 3 plates per person, I knew we were in trouble. 
The top of the menu was pretty much cold appetizers to share with the table. 3 for $9, it says. Don't think about getting two, or one. If you go with two it's $10. Why? I don't know. The waitress shrugged and said "I don't know why it's like that." So we ended up with the pickled cauliflower, fried shisito peppers and the u-peel lupini beans. I was underwhelmed and even left some of the food on the plate. I was just expecting flavors to be punching me in the face, but they were good to graze on while I slugged back the pomegranate sangria. I ordered it because it was least expensive cocktail on the menu. It was pretty to look at, but overall, a forgettable experience.
The hot kitchen items were the stars of the meal and I think if we ever did end up her again we'd just order these and dessert. My boyfriend had the grilled seitan. I remembered getting the grilled seitan at Horizons years ago. It was the best meal I've ever had. The waitress said these plates were bigger. Okay, they're bigger, but they're still too small. The seitan was absolutely divine, and my tofu was out of this world. I loved the marinade it was in. And the edamame puree was super! The sweet potatoes from the dirt list were okay. I liked the coleslaw like veg underneath of them. It was addicting.
I remembered the legendary vegan cheesecake from Horizons, too. A normal slice of cheesecake in size. This time, however, the cheesecake had some sort of waldorf salad celery gel on it (????) and I didn't like that. And the cheesecake was literally 2 bites. We also shared the uber chocolate chunk, and it came with 2 bites of ice cream, 1 bite of chocolate and some sort of pudding. It was good but I was still hungry after my meal. Saaaad.This place is incredible.  From the ambience to the creative flavor combinations, I have never been anywhere like it.  Even the cappuccino is uniquely delicious.  This is a must - do for Philly vegans!Went with a few friends for my birthday! We ordered nearly everything off the menu with the exception of 3 dishes, everything was delicious from start to finish. I was weary of eating an upscale vegetarian restaurant, for fear of leaving hungry, but I was stuffed and happy! Also, the service was top notch!The staff are fantastic here, but the prices are a little high. The food was delicious and I would definitely come back.A warm, romantic environment for all the trendy hipsters to try an all vegetarian haute cuisine.    
The tomato gazpacho was good, but it had a fairly stronger tomato base than I would want. Smells like vomit, but that's usually how those things turn out anyways.  
For the fancy radishes, the smoked tofu had a bold smoke, with a spicy aftertaste. I'm glad they used extra firm tofu. The smell of roasted black sesame was divine. 
The radish with the Shishito pepper was a different take with the sesame. Instead of black and smoked, it was green with that distinct pepper flavor. The purple radish on top of pickled cucumbers were not what I expected. Instead of bright, vinegar notes, it felt more like cucumber noodles with radish meatballs. The cucumber take this refreshing taste, while the sesame seeds gave it body. There was this umami taste that was there that I liked.The Yusuf avocado was such a good match! The tutu brought a floral tartness that was light handed, while it sat upon the elephant of mass that was the low toned body of the avocado. I wish I had thought of it myself! 
The leek tart was a little more conservative than I thought, but it was still
a decent dish. I liked the black garlic jam that came with it. I wish there was more of it. They don't put much on the plate. This definitely was more a starch dish than anything. 
The smoked carrot is worth the price of admission. If you close your eyes, it taste and feels like a bratwurst! It makes sense with the shape and infused smoke in the carrot. The carrot kraut and carrot mustard were a great addition to the carrot theme. They didn't distract from the carrot itself, yet still added for the familiar dimensions to exist. The pumpernickel slice with mashed chickpeas didn't sit that well with my stomach as I was getting full. It provided an alternative taste of a Rueben. 
The strawberry sorrel bread pudding with saffron ice cream was a trip. What looked like some type of spinach quiche surrounded in a tomato basil soup, turned out to be a dessert. I'll have to admit, it took a couple of bites to fully appreciate it. Don't scarf this one down. After a while, it turns into a lemon shortcake, along with the strawberries and saffron poking out.  
At the end of the day, this was a great place that doesn't destroy the wallet, offers an elegant atmosphere, but feels like eating at home. This wouldn't be the first place I recommend someone from out of town, but it's a great spot for locals.Simply amazing... Nevermind that this place is vegan. This is one of the best restaurants I've ever eaten at. Everything was very flavorful.After driving an hour to Vedge, and after having read so much. I was worried our expectations had been set too high. But it was truly as awesome as everyone raves. 
It is excellent. It is not cheap. It is very worth it. We will be back. 
Our server, Ali, was wonderful and helpful, as were the several others who at times contributed to the service. The owner (who was covertly working coat check -- a great place to gauge your exiting customers!) talked with us afterward and was happy to explain one of the recipes to us when we asked.
Everyone has their favorite dishes, so I don't see the point in saying which we liked most. We loved all seven of the ones we ordered. Vedge proves there are more varieties of ingredients and methods in the plant world than the animal world. In fact, most of the elements that make a meat/pork/poultry/fish dish taste good are the non-animal ingredients it is seasoned, sauced, and prepared with. It's therefore no coincidence that there are more tastes and textures in the plant world.
The couple of negative reviews here cite the portion sizes. I think those reviewers didn't understand. Like tapas, it's intended that you will order 3 or so dishes per person plus a dessert. If a dish "serves two people," that means there's enough of it to share AND that assumes the two of you are ordering about 6 dishes.  Plan on $45 to $50/person, plus drinks. My wife and I (who eat a lot), left very satisfied and were not hungry later.
Can't wait to go back. Thanks, Ali and Vedge!Considering that I don't even like vegetables, the idea of eating a meal of nothing but is pretty foreign to me. That said, let me exclaim that this was one of the best meals I've ever tasted, plus the service was wonderful. We arrived without reservations, sat at the bar, and shared tapas style plates that were all tasty, especially the fingerling potatoes, cauliflower soup, and a rich chocolate soup. My sister says she will now try out some vegan recipes and see if she can come up with the same buttery taste. We are inspired!I'd been trying to come here for the longest time since I heard about its happy hour, and finally two of my friends and I were able to swing by to try it out! I had high expectations for the food; to be fair, some dishes completely blew me out of the water while others were pretty mediocre.
We came around 5:30 PM and got seated at the empty bar (when we left around 6:45, people were standing around to get happy hour, so come early!) The bartenders were unsmiling, but attentive enough. I ordered a happy hour cocktail, which was tiny but tasted deliciously like juice...with about the same alcoholic content as juice too. 
First we ordered items off the happy hour menu. The Korean Seitan tacos were DELICIOUS!!!!!! And so was the "cheesesteak"! I didn't even notice that the dishes weren't meat, as the sauces and seitan were cooked perfectly for a nice smoky taste. Afterwards, we ordered more "pure vegetarian" dishes such as brussel sprouts, artichoke hearts, and daily toast. I didn't really enjoy those dishes, as they all had weird pickled sauces or vegetables that corrupted their pure taste. Finally, we ordered the toffee and cheesecake for dessert, which weren't anything extraordinary, but presented beautifully.
I enjoyed my experience in an all vegan restaurant and trying out dishes that I have never heard of, and the ambience is super cute and cottage-y, but my expectations were way higher than they were met.desserts only!
omg! if i didnt know this was a vegan restaurant, i would have never ever suspect the desserts were vegan!
-sticky toffee pudding with ice cream: delicious! sweet, luscious, light...nothing dense and heavy like other vegan desserts I had in the past. love the warm and cold contrast!
-chocolate uber chuck: light and not too sweet. crunch from pretzels adds another depth. presentation was lovely.
drinks were good..love the bar settingBeautiful restaurant and much more sophisticated than Horizon. Good service but there was a delay with one course that was unlike the rest of our experience.
The desserts are especially good and yummy !! Also had an excellent wine and beer list.Would give this 6 stars if I could. Best vegan ever, hands down. The fondue is unbelievable. Service was fantastic. If they could harness the noise level, it would be simply divine!I have never experienced vegetarian food this way. Vedge is a great restaurant. I am not vegan or vegetarian but did not miss the meat at all. Great food and service. Top notch! 
Great evening! Will come back for sure.I was dying to give Vedge 5 stars, I really was, but it just fell short for me.
-The service was okay, but rather forgetful and unenthusiastic 
-The decor was odd--a bit too simplistic and dark for my taste
-And the food? Well, just as Dickens would say, "It was the best of times, it was the worst of times..." 
        -The sweet potato pate was the absolutely phenomenal
        -As was the portabella carpaccio and golden beets
        -But the seitan, cauliflower soup, radishes, and roasted mushroom were, dare
        I say it, bland. I could have made the dishes better myself at home, for a fraction
        of the price.
Consider this review a first impression, because I plan on returning and giving it another shot.Delicious and creative vegetarian food spot!Excellent service and great ambiance. Cocktails were well made and tasty as well! Is a great spot for larger groups as well.The experience my wife and I had a Vedge was A+. We were in town for a weekend and decided to treat ourselves, particularly in the "taking a break from eating meat" department, and Vedge more than satisfied our needs. The space was wonderful, the recommendations and service impeccable, and the tastes were incredible. We were also both impressed with how full we were at the end of the meal as in the past we have found ourselves often not quite full after a vegetarian/vegan meal. No such problems at Vedge! 
Favorite dishes included: the rutabaga fondue (so creamy!), all the mushroom dishes (and I walked into the restaurant being anti-fungi), and the zucchini bread pudding dessert. Recommend Vedge to everyone in Philadelphia when looking to treat themselves to a creative and wonderful dinner.THE FOOD IS SOOO GOOD. 
That said, it is very expensive, and I did not leave full after $100 (for two people). 
Seriously, you never knew that vegetables could taste so good. Or tofu. They do not have much in the way of carbs or filler food, unfortunately. It is mostly vegetables with some proteins. I think some more carb based products might help people get fuller. 
The atmosphere is great, beautiful interiors. 
I don't think you could go wrong with ordering anything on the menu. Two things that stand out - the sunchoke soup and a maitake mushroom entree.amazing. are you surprised?  this is hands down one of the best restaurants in the world.  no question.  you get what you pay for and this place is VERY expensive.I NEVER thought I'd be excited by a vegan restaurant.. or writing a review to describe how fantastic the food tasted. We tried just about everything on the menu at our table - and everything was fabulous. Loved the seasonal nature of the cooking and the amazing attention to detail and taste. The ambiance is warm and cozy. Highly recommend to vegans and non-vegans alike. I'm very much a meat eater - but if Vedge was feeding me everyday.. who knows!Though I love vegetables, I am not a vegan or vegetarian.  I always eat some kind of meat in every meal.  This was my second time here.  The first time I went to Vedge, I enjoyed it a lot.  Many restaurants seem to have trouble keeping up to high standards for an extended time - whether due to new people working there and finding the right chemistry, or just believing their own hype and becoming lackadaisical.  
But not here.  The second time at Vedge was even better.  We ordered 6 dishes for two of us.  The Rutabaga Fondue was really good.  Seems unreal that no dairy was used for the pretzel bread.  It comes with a side of pickles (which they originally forgot, but brought to our table immediately) that adds some sour to balance out the the bitterness of the 'fondue' and the saltiness of the pretzel. 
The Stuffed Avocado with pickled cauliflower and romesco was good too.  Eating avocado this way changes your perception of it a bit.  The Braciole made with eggplant was super tasty.  No, you may not be fooled that it's meat, but you won't miss it the meat either.  It's that good.
The Spicy Ssamjang Tofu was another really good dish.  The tofu had an awesome texture - firm enough to hold shape, but without being spongy.  The edamame puree and yuba crackling perfectly complemented the tofu.
The Fingerling Potatoes sound too normal, but they are out of this world.  If you like potatoes, you automatically have to order this.  The texture is perfect and the creamy Worcestershire sauce is very tasty.
Even the dessert was really good.  We got the Sour Cherry Cheesecake and Mojito Perfecto. 
Of course it starts with the vegetables and how they are prepared, but the creativity, the way Vedge describes the dish, the way they plate it and present it - everything seems to be thought through completely and executed flawlessly.  It makes you think differently about the depth of flavors that are possible with plant based ingredients.  
The only minor negative is that the service seemed to be reactive versus being proactive, but it wasn't like the service was bad.  
All in all, Vedge is in my Top 5 restaurants in Philly. Don't go here because you are vegan, go because the food is really really good.From a non-vegan: absolutely incredible, gorgeous cuisine. Wait staff was warm, timely, and helpful with deciphering menu options. Cannot speak highly enough about presentation of plates and intricate taste combinations I had never before experienced. I would highly recommend this restaurant for a quaint night with friends; personally, our party shared 5 plates and 2 desserts and not one disappointed. Favorites: chilled celery soup to start, nebrodini mushroom, and ssamjang glazed tofu. Dessert was to die for: strawberry-sorrel bread pudding and chocolate uber chunk. Too busy enjoying this incredible dining experience to take pictures. Worth every penny.I had generously been given a gift certificate for Vedge. I had been wanting to go forever, and my boyfriend, an avid meat eater, was also interested in trying it out. 
Wanting to stretch our gift certificate as far as it could go, we decided to meet at the bar for happy hour. You absolutely can't beat the happy hour small plates. We tried all four, at $4 a piece. After happy hour, we ordered more food off of the full menu. Nothing tasted vegan, and it was all delicious.  I'm convinced anything off this menu will be fantastic.  
We ended up spending about $100, and it was totally worth it. If you go for happy hour, make sure to arrive early.You can't always rely on the publicity, recognition and prices to determine quality.  Half our party were vegetarians and we had two big events that we were celebrating.  Our visit was eagerly anticipated, but that quickly evaporated and turned to disgust.  We first ordered a bottle of Champaign from awkward, disapproving sommelier.  Then we were served by a waitress that couldn't have been more condescending, rude, disrespectful and just flat out ignored us at times.  We ordered what we were told were "large tapas plate" that turned out to be small tapas plates.  It felt like there was a table minimum to receive good service and they were doing us a favor by letting us eat their food.  
I would highly recommend the zucchini pickles, smoked carrots and the Brussel sprouts.  They were very good. 
Money doesn't always buy class or good service, but it will buy you a better meal somewhere else. 
What could have been a great experience, turn sour.The food is amazing and decor as well.  The reason for the low rating is that management is not great.  We had a bad experience there and when we tried to nicely tell the manager, he really did not care at all and was extremely arrogant.  Instead of listening, he kept saying email me in a short and uninterested way.   My suggestion would be to hire better managers, as dismissing customer's concerns in a terse way makes for a negative experience, not matter how good the food is.  We did have a great bartender though, who made the experience not so unpleasant.I am not a vegetarian, but I really like to eat vegetables.  So I was excited to go to Vedge, which serves a wide array of fancy, tasty, vegetable small plates.  It isn't perfect: It's expensive, and I would serve better bread and a few more things on the "crisp, fresh" side of the palate.  But maybe the earthy, fungal side of the palate was so heavily represented because it was the dead of Winter.  In any case, it's the perfect spot for a special occasion for the vegetable lovers in your life; (and they also have a happy hour, where some of the small plates turn into inexpensive bar snacks).
Be sure to get the peel-and-eat lupini beans (I'll be learning to make those).We have always looked forward to dinner at Vedge, but this time we left underwhelmed.  The only thing tonight that was great was the rutabaga fondue.  Amazing as always.  We were looking forward to the grilled seitan, but it was not on the menu. According to our waitress, they're having a problem with their supplier.  Without that, the only thing on the menu that looked like a main dish -- and the only thing with any protein -- was a tofu dish. I didn't order it because I've never liked what they do with tofu.  The other dishes we got were ok, but not wonderful and not satisfying. The wood roasted carrot was amazing for a carrot.  But it was still a carrot.  The pesto that came with the eggplant brociole was tasty, but there was nothing special (to me) about the tiny sliver of eggplant wrapped around some mushy grains.  The salt baked beets were good, but nothing to rave about. The kohlrabi was okay. Another mushy dish. The campfire potatoes were also okay, but nothing special.  They didn't leave me wanting more.  It's fine to make the vegetables the stars, but they need a supporting cast of grains and protein.  We'll probably not be going back unless and until they bring back the grilled seitan.  Frankly, we miss Horizon (Vedge's predecessor).Fantastic meal! Definitely make a reservation (you can do this online, so it's easy), as it does fill up fast. They have a nice bar area, so come early and grab a drink. I tried the rum punch and the sangria. The rum punch was tart, so beware if you like sweet and the sangria was wonderful! Off the vedge bar, we tried the Hearts of Palm & Tomato Toast and it was SO GOOD. The hearts of palm are made up to be almost like a tuna salad, on top of a toast topped with the tomato. My mouth is watering thinking of it now! We also got the Salt Roasted Gold Beets which was also tasty. For the main, I got the Roasted Maitake Mushroom. Very good! The celery root fritter was delicious and the leeks were a nice compliment. My dining companion got the Spicy Grilled Tofu. It is spicy! From the dirt list, we got the Brussels Sprouts, which we weren't wild about, and the Grilled Corn, which was excellent! Overall, the meal was very satisfying. If you're worried you'll leave hungry, don't be. If we had to do it again, we would have ordered just one item from the vedge bar and one item from the dirt list, because we were too full for dessert. There's always next time, and I'll definitely be back!Simply delicious...and fun!
Honestly, I went into Vedge doubting it could be nearly as amazing as Horizon's (the owners' previous venture). I admire their adventurous spirit and confidence to leave a great thing to peruse a different vision. My wife and I definitely enjoyed the small plate style which allowed us to share 8, EIGHT, dishes, then dessert. Each dish bursted with flavors that mingled in harmony! My personal favorites  were the seared yellow beans, mushroom fazzoletti and the grilled seitan. The ingredients are fresh and prepared to perfection. The only thing we didn't care for was the cheesecake for dessert, it was a bit too salty. With drinks, it was expensive but I paid a tad more at another place (I won't say where, but I did Yelp 'em) and we enjoyed many more tastes. There is just no comparison to the high quality of plates at Vedge. These owners still reign champ among Vegan/ Vegetarian restaurants, and how lucky are we to have them here in Philadelphia! Vedge...a foodie's fantastic voyage!We visited Philadelphia for two days and we are so thankful that we discovered this place thanks to all the Yelp reviews!
This is definitely the classiest and most delicious vegan restaurant I have been to. Our waitress was excellent, we had a great table by a window, the ambiance was classy and inviting, and the space looked like someone's house with tables arranged throughout several rooms.
What we ordered:
Starters:
Rutabaga Fondue: pretzel is soft, glazed with soy butter, and sprinkled with salt. The fondue was creamy, not very thick. I forgot that the restaurant was vegan and was surprised when I found out this wasn't real cheese. Delicious appetizer. Too much for one person, definitely share.
Stuffed avocado: delicious, beautiful presentation 
Entrees:
Glazed Tofu: so good! I wish I could go back for more. The combination of flavors and textures of this dish were perfect. Highly recommended
Cauliflower crepe: good but a little bland
Sides:
Fingerling potatoes: AMAZING! Whoever came up with this is a genius. We had a similar preparation at another restaurant in Philly but this one is so much better. Instead of regular fries or wedges, these are small whole potatoes that were smashed. Whatever they used to glaze these was just delicious. I loved the Worcestershire sauce it came with. 
This is an excellent restaurant for vegans, vegetarians, or anyone who appreciates delicious food focused around vegetables. They also have a soy free menu which was helpful for my husband who is allergic to soy.Outstanding in every way, especially impressive if you're meat eaters like our group.  Gorgeous room, informed and efficient service, exceptional, novel and intriguing flavors and combinations.  $300 plus tip including round of drinks and bottle of wine.  Considering the quality and technique on display I'd consider it a bargain.Eating this type of cuisine does not get any better than this. Worth all the HYPE. Make reservations and go for it. We split seven dishes and everyone got better than the last. Mind blowing flavor explosions!
A must try if you're in the area.love it. imaginative and fun, even for us omnivores - this is a special occasion / date night favorite. 
my only caveat is that many of the dishes rely too heavily on salt/brine for flavor, and my favorite dining partner has to limit consumption.Vedge provided the single best food experience we've ever had. The food is presented in an artful, delicate and innovative way. You don't miss the meat at all! Our new favorite restaurant!!Vedge's commitment to creativity and taste is hard to miss. A typical dinner ar Vedge will consist of three entrees for each person. Although it is a bit pricey (around $30 per person), I would say it is definitely worth the experience. The individual tastes compiled in each entree balance each other so nicely. The sweet potato paté included a smear of Dijon mustard, which complemented the subtle sweetness in the sweet potato.  
I had a reservation for Vedge, so I didn't wait for a table. The service was courteous, and the restaurant had a large group (6-7 people) at a table when I was there. 
The only exception to my great dining experience at Vedge was the price. I'd say that even though they recommend each person order three entrees, if you find that you're not too hungry, go for two entrees because it can reduce you're bill by at least $9.Unbelievably scrumptious. Cannot wait to go back. Waited too long before writing my review so I dont recall food specifics but had a most delicious birthday feast and likely nothing to add that hasnt been said.  Excellent service also, in fact, our waiter was perfecto, sharing enthusiasm for the food with me which I love! and helped guide us. only complaint was the noise level was too loud. absolutely perfect setting. love you Vedge XoxThis place is Amazing!  To me, an outstanding restaurant has a nice ambiance, wonderful food, attentive and knowledgeable service and fair prices.  Vedge has it all and more!  Whether your are vegan, vegetarian, or love meat, you must try this restaurant; you will not be disappointed.  
My husband and I are vegetarian, and while Philly has great veggie options, often the selections are similar...  it is so refreshing to go to vedge where nothing on their menu is generic or usual. 
Vedge has two menus, their main menu and a dirt menu.  The dirt menu lists their fresh vegetable options.  Last time, we ordered the wedge potatos and the cauliflower...they were both great, and the cauliflower had nice spice to it.  
Their main menu is amazing...we have tried a few of the dishes and all of them have been delicious.  We went with two meat-loving friends, and they cleaned their plates too!  The creativity of the chef is literally awesome and extremely impressive.  The textures and flavors of each of the dishes are complex and sophisticated.  
They also have a great happy hour, with discounted drinks and food options.  While the food portions a bit small during happy hour, they are also really cheap, so it is still great!
The restaurant ambiance is warm, welcoming and romantic.  There is small room off the bar with a fireplace and is very quaint and relaxing.  We really like to eat in this room! The servers have been consistently friendly, timely and knowledgeable.Yuuuummmmm!!!  I'm not a vegetarian and the dishes here filled me up.  Plus, they were extremely tasty.  The funny thing is that if I tried to tell you what I ate, I wouldn't even do the menu justice.  You just have to go and see for yourself.  They also have a nice wine list and a full bar.  I definitely recommend and I would go again!Wow! After stopping by this place I no longer want to eat meat :) everything I ordered had flavor and was made with love  I highly recommend this place. I also tried the wine, they have really great selection.I'm only hesitant to give 5 stars out of selfishness that it'll be harder to find a seat during happy hour.. I've never felt this type of selfish hesitation before but that's just how much I LOVE THIS place! hands down my fave HH. they have really good drinks (preferred my friend's sangria over my fancy but still yummy mai tai) and a nice HH food selection. what really did it was the mind-blowing food. im a meatlovers pizza kinda girl but this place had me tricked into thinking i wasn't missing any meat at all. i realized after the 2nd or 3rd dish that we were at a vegetarian place. it helps that i really love mushrooms too so i was just in pure heaven. we ordered an appetizer and dessert that was recommended by the bartender and other customers nearby which blew us away even more. well, the mushroom carpaccio was a much smaller portion than we expected but the life-changing sticky toffee pudding... that alone will have me coming back. i really wish the portions were bigger as they were so delicious. the bartender was very sweet and not pretentious at all. the crowd was also a good mellow mix, too.Delicious. I'm vegetarian (not vegan), but I'd feel comfortable bringing meat-eaters here, too. The food is pricey, but the beautiful presentation and imagination in the flavors justifies it, in my opinion. Our service was great for a pretty large party on an Thursday night, although I guess I thought it was a little strange that they brought out the small plates as different courses, waiting for everyone to finish one thing before they brought out the next. Decor was attractive and not overly "earth mother"-y, and the layout/vibe allows for easy conversation at normal speaking volume. They recommend ordering 3 small plates each, but I think 2 + a veggie side would do it for most people, especially if you're saving some room for dessert.Ate at Vedge while attending a conference.  Went with a colleague, and it was absolutely the best place to eat.  Atmosphere was beautiful, service was terrific and the meal from start to finish was the best.  We shared six plates and two desserts and we both agreed it was over the top!I am pretty sure there is a cow and dairy in the kitchen.  Has to be.  No other way to describe how good the food is at Vedge.  I am not a vegan, just like to try different food.  It was amazing.  The food, the staff, the coat check dude, everything is very well done.  The fondue dish was out of this world.  My girl cannot tolerate dairy, but I still think there is cream or milk in it.  At minimum a cheese of some kind.  Good vitals!Literally the highlight of my trip to Philadelphia. I'm a vegan and my companion both times was a (super picky) omnivore and we were both absolutely blown away. I could see this being a great date night spot as well as a nice place for a family gathering- the low light and rustic decor make for an intimate feel, without feeling too snobby or over the top. The view of the kitchen was really neat too. Our appetizer was shots of gazpacho which I thoroughly enjoyed, texturally sublime with layers of smokiness. The desserts were also absolutely phenomenal. We were kind of in a rush so we could only do one entree each but they blew us away. Obviously fresh ingredients treated with a high level of finesse and consideration for flavor, texture, and presentation. The service was also excellent with informative and kind staff. A little on the higher side of the budget for me, but nothing outrageous. My companion constantly jokes that we should make the 4 hour trek to Philly again just for Vedge. Don't skip dessert!I wrote a review back in November, after being absolutely blown away with the fantastic experience I had at Vedge. I am sad to have to write a negative addition to such a positive review :-( 
We went to Vedge again for dinner, for a special occasion were were celebrating. We were seated in a very nice room (almost like a lounge) at the very front of the restaurant. We loved the room and were really looking forward to a fantastic meal. Throughout most of dinner, I didn't have anything to drink because they didn't refill my water (which was the only beverage I was drinking). 
Since the menu items are small plates, there are often several different small items ordered, which is great because it allows an opportunity to try various dishes. However, on more than one occasion, the server brought the next courses before we were done eating the course we were on (the food runner looked really puzzled and didn't know where to put the plates with the food she brought). The server rearranged some things on the table in order to try to make room for the new courses. Upon doing this, he neglected to take away the plates which were actually empty. The table was extremely crowded with the food we were eating, old empty plates, as well as our next courses sitting there. This continued throughout the meal. 
We were very patient, and let this go on for several courses... but at a certain point, after the server had come to the table but again not removed any empty plates, we decided to clear our own table because we literally had no room to eat on the tiny table. We both got up and took all of our plates and cleared the table and set them on one of the other tables next to us. We then cleared all the crumbs and organized things, and I poured into my water glass some of the sparkling water my boyfriend was drinking, because I still had no water. 
The food was good - not as good as the food we had at Vedge back in November, but it was still good. Unfortunately many of the dishes were cold by the time we ate them, because they were brought too soon and just sat on the table.
Needles to say, we were a bit disappointed with the experience. Normally I would give the benefit of the doubt - that maybe the server was new... however, we both recognized him from anther time we'd been there (months before). We'd never had him as a server, but he was there when we were eating and having drinks at the bar and we remembered him.
I genuinely wish I had a better review, especially after the 5 star rating and review I wrote back in November. I was just taken back by the service we received, and the fact that we had to end up bussing our own table.If you can take something like Kale and cook it up to taste like Heaven then I am a fan.  I have never been one to crave Kale but after eating their dish that consisted of sauteed Kale and mushrooms I can't get it out of my mind and crave it on a daily basis.  Vedge makes eating like a Herbivore sexy and sophisticated.Simply perfection.  It's rare when I can go to a restaurant and LOVE every single item that I order.  I don't care if you're vegetarian or not.  This restaurant is amazing.  They also have a happy hour menu which is very nice.Arguably the best meal of our honeymoon up the East Coast. I am vegetarian and my husband is a meat eater, but we both thoroughly enjoyed this place that both the Internet and our hotel recommended. We started out with the Rutabaga Fondue - delicious but had something that tasted so similar to ham that I had to spit it out and make sure the place was vegan - then I ordered the Grilled Seitan and my husband had the Spicy Ssamjang Tofu. We also had Brussels Sprouts and a tart cherry cheesecake. Great, unique flavors, high-end, a little fancy, and felt more tapas-like. We didn't leave THAT full for the price. Regardless, it was amazing and memorable.Amazing service and tasty food. The fondue with pretzel bread was the most amazing thing I had ever had. The Brussel sprout shots were unique but delicious. Grilled carrot tasted like smoked salmon haha the chefs at this place are amazing.Ah-mah-zing. That's about all I can say. I wish we lived closer so that we could go all the time. I had high hopes for Vedge, but I have to say the food and service far exceeded my expectations. Even my Mom, who is not vegan, was blown away by the food. And for only being open for 6 weeks, they had things pretty well figured out. 
Everything was so fresh, creative and delicious. We ordered lots of different dishes to share and there wasn't one dish that I didn't love. I kept saying "this is my favorite" to just about everything. The winter rolls were sooo yummy. And the grilled gochujang tofu... I really want to know how they make that so perfectly creamy and rich and well... just... perfect. I'm not a big fan of big pieces of tofu, but I could eat that all day long. The roasted maitake, portabello carpaccio and crispy cauliflower were also among our favorites. Then again, what didn't we like? Oh and the bread was so fresh, served with olive oil drizzled over a ball of fresh herbs and garlic. We definitely asked for seconds.
The desserts were amazing as well, but we LOVED the sticky toffee pudding. O.M.G.
Please come to LA, Vedge!SERVICE - 5/5
We came in around 8:30PM on a Saturday (on Labor day weekend), had a reservation for 9PM, but were seated right away! At restaurants that have such a "fancy" vibe to them, the waiters tend to assume who will tip them the best & hence provide a biased service. Not here :) The waiter was just so sweet, knowledgeable and not at all pretentious. He was patient with explaining everything we had questions about. It was three of us - two girls and a guy, none of us dressed up. This did not affect how our waiter attended to us in any way, which was a plus for me. 
AMBIANCE - 5/5
This is a charming home turned beautifully into a restaurant. It was a unique experience because there are different areas/rooms of the "house" you can be seated at. We were seated in the "dining" area I think, with perfect lighting under a dimly shimmering chandelier and hardwood floors all around. The bar area is beautiful and so is the back area that was probably the family room once upon a time. Wonderful atmosphere for many events - may it be a quiet happy hour, an intimate dinner with the girlfriends, a family event, or a sweet little date. A very down to earth yet aesthetically on-point place. I seriously loved how I felt the entire time I was here - the mild music, the vintage view, the pretty people....the fun flavors, the total package!
TASTE - 3.5/5
1) From "The Dirt List", Nebrodini Mushrooms [$9]
    Menu description: as "fazzoletti", basil, charred tomato 
    - 2/5 -- Use of shredded mushrooms instead of pasta is a great idea. However, personally, I found the entire taste/ texture to be too slimy/ greasy. The consensus was the same from even my two friends who tend to eat more unhealthy options than I usually do. It was nothing extra-ordinary, and this is coming from both a mushroom lover, and a fake pasta health enthusiast!
2) From "Hot Kitchen", Spicy Grilled Tofu [$14]
    Menu description: gochujang, edamame, roasted miso, yuba cracklin 
    - 4/5 -- Delight for the eyes. The crispy My roommate is Korean, and she cooks a lot of meals using the authentic gochujang paste she excitedly stocks up on from H-mart. So at first bite, I knew this tofu definitely had the authentic seasoning taste to it! One thing though is that the tofu was bland inside - it could've definitely used some more time being marinated. The edamame paste was creamy, but lacked a bit in flavor. The crispy yuba (?) was similar to indian papadum. Interesting mix of flavors!
3) From "Hot Kitchen", Cauliflower Socca [$15]
    Menu description: whipped cauliflower, beech chowder, saffron corn broth 
    - 5/5 -- PARTY for the tastebuds! I don't even know how to describe it - I loved it. Just get it. It is just the right mix of sugar and spice, and everything nice!
PROPORTIONS - 2/5
This is where I really was not sure. For the price, I am not sure if the food was worth it (the cauliflower, maybe). But looking at my entire experience, I definitely thought the trip was worth it. I'd probably recommend going here after having had a few appetizers somewhere else (We had made a quick stop to Tria to get our fix of Pistachio Herbed Ricotta with Lavender Honey Bruchetta prior to our dinner ^_^ - which while I'm at it, PLEASE GO GET - AH. MAZE. ZING. )An amazing experience as usual. I celebrated my 30th birthday here on Saturday night with 7 of my friends who drove up from Maryland. I drive up every few months just for this place. This is by far my favorite vegan restaurant, anywhere. A lot of veg-friendly places miss the mark with flavors. Vedge just gets it. They understand how to combine flavors and create plates that are pleasing to any palate. My friends are all meat eaters and were also impressed. Get the seitan - it's always awesome here. The brussels are delish. And dessert is a must as well. 
Thanks for a great birthday dinner!It's no wonder that Eater has Vedge listed as one of the 38 Essential restaurants in Philadelphia and makes reference to it being one of the best restaurants in the city. My two course meal there was phenomenal.
I had not made reservations before arriving in Philadelphia and walked in to eat my meal at the bar.
I asked the bartender to choose an appetizer and a main for me and she chose well.
The meal started with an amuse bouche of a perfectly balanced butternut squash and green curry soup. 
She ordered me a flight of four different radishes prepared four different ways that stretched my mind in four different dimensions.
The bartender also ordered the earthy, grilled miyake mushroom which is a daunting dish as it challenges you to eat an alien like mushroom more intimidation than your cute as you will button mushroom.Great food here but I have to say do NOT come to share with more than one person... And make sure that person is not starving. You will have a very pricey meal of you are too hungry. The staff was helpful with the wine list. The drinks are to die for, but you will be hungry if you try to share on a normal order.  I want their cook book. The food is just outstanding. I just wish they could satisfy my husband without having us drop over $200 a dinner.Easily the best vegetarian restaurant I've ever eaten at, and among the tastiest restaurants in an overflowing-with-restaurants neighborhood. It is priced like an expensive tapas restaurant, even though all of the ingredients are (presumably) much cheaper, but the taste and experience you are getting is every bit as good. Highly recommend the little carrots and the steak-seasoned tofu.This was one of the best restaurants we have eaten at in a longtime.  Never knew vegetable dishes could be so satisfying and interesting.What an extraordinary meal!  Arriving with no reservation I was immediately seated and not by a kitchen or some other horror of a table. And it became obvious they had a very full reservation list. The server was informative and pleasant with the perfect ratio of attention to privacy. For a non-vegetarian the food was delicious and filling, inventive and creatively served. The sweet potato pâté was a velvety mousse that could have been a pudding. The cauliflower and avocado cold soup was perfect for a hot summer night. The eggplant rolantini was just buttery and luscious. This restaurant is impeccable.This place was packed even on a Monday night! I could easily see why. The restaurant was clean and the ambiance was modern. Its a great vibe! Also, almost everything we ordered was soooo good. This restaurant will make you question why we even eat meat! 
We ordered:
-Asparagus Salad
-Stuffed Avocado
-Salt Roasted Gold Beets
-Spicy SSamjang Tofu
-Broccoli Rabe
-Brussels Sprouts
-Fingerling Potatoes
I didn't particularly care for the brussels sprouts, but everything else was super tasty!! We were in town for a convention so our time there was short. Definitely wished we had more time to go back and try something else on the menu, but we will save that for our next visit in Philly.
The restaurant is popular so I recommend reserving a table ahead of time. All in all, great service and great food!Am no Vedge but hear me out. I liked this place! the food was very creative and tasty. However after my soup, bread and entree I still wanted something more......a piece of meat?. I was still hungry.Came here with a friend for a girls night and the experience was amazing! Had to take a star off because we got seated near the bar and the bartender didn't even make eye contact once. I get it, it's a stuffy hipster spot, but my friend and I are pretty outgoing and we would have loved to hear your opinion on the conversation you definitely overhead. Also, the host was as friendly as I imagined he could have been. When we walked in, we weren't greeted right away and had to shuffle around awkwardly because he was too busy chatting away with his friends. (coworkers?)
It was crowded inside, so I recommend making reservations. I had their signature Kyoto Sour and I have to say it is now one of my favorite drinks. I can't stop thinking about it and already am planning out ways to recreate this at home. We ordered brussels and the mushroom pasta along with the fingerling potatoes. Oh my god, those potatoes. DROOLING. Literally finger licking good.
Overall, I had a really fun time here and the food was delicious - I just wish the staff was nicer!Portobello tartar was underwhelming, the hearts of palm left me wanting, but golden beets were amazing. The plate of carrots and squash was tasty, but the best was the maitake mushroom dish. Service was lacking. To start, we were asked to come in earlier as they had many tables available. When arrived we were stuck in a very tight corner.  We requested a new table and were sat at a high top just outside the kitchen. Ok, this happens. But after spending over $125 on veggies and two drinks, we  met with stares as we left. 
Some dishes were stellar but the inconsistency coupled with the overall unwelcoming atmosphere makes it a place i will likely not frequent again any time soon.
Update: I am finishing this after writing it at the restaurant. It has been at least 2 years and I have not been back.Off-the-hook Delish! Truly a meal to remember. I was kidnapped/rescued by some friends, so I had no expectations, and we were lucky to get a table without reservations. Service was snappy and friendly. Food is small plate format with 2-3 plates/person recommended. Fairly pricey for some items like Ramps $11 and Asparagus $9. But totally worth it for the more complex dishes that had simply amazing flavors with perfect textures, like the Stuffed Avocado and the Portobello Carpaccio (this one in particular was a WOW!) You should check this place out.Remember that really cheesy movie starring Adam Sandler? The one where he acquires some insanely magical remote control that can pause, play, rewind, fast forward and slow-mo his life all with the press of a button?
Well, my recent meal at Vedge made me really REALLY want one of those darn remotes. The moment that final savory bite crossed my lips, the only thing I wanted IN THE WHOLE ENTIRE WORLD was to relive each perfect, unique bite. Eternally. Oh what I would give to experience the utter contentment of fork to mouth to satisfaction eye rolls that had occurred continually over the past hour!
THAT. GOOD.
Allow me to summarize my impeccable feast:
Appetizer: full board (tastes of each "small bite") including pickled veggies, garlic lupine beans and mixed black & green olives. This may have been the only time I've actually enjoyed green olives. Everything was perfect.
Daily dirt plate selection: crispy cauliflower - oh.my.god that SAUCE - spicy, creamy & an excellent complement to the melt-in-your-mouth cauliflower bites. LOVE.
Plates: I ordered the golden beets, avocado, smoked tofu (served in layers) and accompanied by two small slices of rye and a creamy cucumber sauce. The flavors combined nicely and the dish was light yet satisfying. I was also lucky enough to sample the nebrodini mushroom and orange cauliflower soup plates which were both absolutely divine (the mushroom plate was rather decadent tasting, really).
Desserts: We may or may not have ordered everything on the menu aside from the ice cream trio...oops? Recap: THE CHEESECAKE IS TO DIE FOR - salted white chocolate, pistachio and dates prove the absolute ideal combination. I also found the strawberry rhubarb bread pudding to be superb (it came with a scoop of saffron ice cream which was both interesting & perfect). The apple cake fritters were also quite tasty but not as "unique" in my opinion. Lastly, the chocolate pot de crème was chocolate just the way I like it - rich, pure and extra chocolately. And then they added salt? Queue dessert-fanatic worship.
Other things I love: the space (it used to be a house so the dining area consists of a few cozy rooms replete with fireplaces and an extremely "homey" vibe), the creativity of the dishes (not to mention the fact that all of the plates are beautifully and artistically presented). Vedge brings veganism to a whole new level. Seriously.
Sadly, I didn't get a chance to try their cocktails (I admit this was slightly purposeful ... now I just HAVE to return that much sooner :)).Absolutely decadent. Get anything with mushrooms or the seitan, which is the chef's specialty. It tasted like my mother's grilled chicken. The pomegranate sangria is also a must. The desserts were okay, though not as impressive as the food itself.I love love love this place. On my last visit to Philly I didn't get to eat at Vedge, but I wish I had. The first time I ate here I experienced the most fantastic flavors, textures, and aromas. I went with my Nana, and we ordered around 10 dishes including dessert. It was in the summer, so I'm sure the menu has changed now, but I remember the rhubarb cheesecake being mindblowingly delicious. 
I can't wait to eat here again!Vedge was scheduled to open on a Friday, however, via Twitter I found out they were going to open a few days prior. I instantly called to make a reservation for the night. There were 5 of us. I'd been excited for this day since my last visit to Horizons, notably on their last day. Recounting my visit to Vedge is the only way I know how to relay how truly wonderful this place is to vegans, vegetarians, and to non-veggie folks all in the same. 
For the table:
-- Truffled Fingerling Fries - These were tasty but not my favorite of the table items.
-- Crispy Cauliflower - I love cauliflower, enjoyed as well, but also enjoyed other apps more. 
-- Dirt List Mushrooms - One of my favorites. Ordered twice. 
-- Shaved Brussell Sprout - Interesting idea, delicious, worth trying. 
Plates:
-- Banh Mi Crostini - Fantastic. Depth of flavors. Would definitely order again. 
-- Pho Bowl - Loved this. Loved the broth. Great warm up to your entree. 
-- Portabella Carpaccio - This was fantastic. The portabella was sliced so thin and had a wonderful smokiness to it.
-- Gold Beets, Smoked Tofu, Avocado, Capers, Cucumber Dill Sauce, Pumpernickel -
This was incredible. Huge fan of beets. similar dish from former Horizons menu. Lots of dill in the sauce but still a necessary and delicious component and accompaniment to the beets.
-- Grilled Gochujang Tofu, Smoked Miso Dashi, Edamame Puree, Yuba Cracklin - 
This may have been my favorite dish. Chef Landau is esteemed for preparing tofu, and this dish is exemplary of that. The Gochujang is an interesting yet lovely choice of glaze for the tofu. Combined with the richness and creaminess of the edamame puree, the two just melt in your mouth. 
--Wood Grilled Maitake, Celery Root, Leek Ash, Truffle, Trumpet "noodles" - 
Again, as a huge fan of mushrooms as this is quite delicious. If you're going to order this I would suggest not stocking up on your mushroom apps as I did, having ordered double Mushrooms from the dirt list, the portabella carpaccio, and then this.. Still tasty and would like to try again. 
--Grilled Seitan, Black Lentils & Mushrooms, Creamy Horeradish, Kohlrabi -
Landau is also esteemed for his Seitan and there's no denying that. The texture is spot on, and paired brilliantly with the lentils and mushrooms, while the creamy horseradish provides a subtle kick and enhancement to the grilled nature of the seitan. Amazing dish. 
Desert:
-- Cheesecake - Not a fan of cheesecake, but I sampled, and it was texturally amazing. 
-- Chocolate Beignets - OH MY. Warm chocolate filling + chocolate dipping sauce for drinking or dunking?! 
-- Ice Cream - Every try soy ice cream? You should. 
-- Sticky Toffee Pudding - This should be illegal. Almost too good..
In addition to the wonderful food, I feel it's equally necessary to note the space of the restaurant. The building is absolutely gorgeous. The decor and layout of the entrance and dining rooms really bring out the natural feel of the space. There's something about it that I can't quite put my finger on, but it feels right and truly completes the notion about what Vedge is and how it should be enjoyed.Vedge is our most favorite restaurant - our "go to" place for any special occasion. We've introduced friends and every time they have a great experience and they return. You definitely don't have to be vegan to enjoy it. We also recommend the bar for Happy Hour!This was one the top three restaurants I have been to in Philly. I am not a vegetarian and was skeptical at first but every dish was incredible. I tried every dish on the menu and could not dislike of them. I highly recommend the cocktails, especially the sage. Also the homemade cheesecake and ice-cream were incredible.We came for my wife's birthday and loved it!  Probably the best vegetarian we've had in the States and on par with the places we used to go to in Brighton (UK).  Had the Angry Greens, Spicy Tofu and the mushrooms among other delights!My friends and I went to vedge for happy hour and had a great time. The happy hour is a great deal especially since you can get some of the small plates for pretty cheap. We had the sweet potatoes and the yucca fries. Both were very good but the portions were a little small. My friends got some cocktails that they really enjoyed but I stuck with beer. The bar got surprisingly crowded for a Monday happy hour so make sure to get there early. Overall the happy hour was a great way to taste the vedge experience on a budgetService was amazing. I didn't like how they gave you a new plate for every dish that came out.. seems like a waste to me but hey - luxury. I just told my server no need to change mine everytume and they were fine with it. Stuffed avocado was amazing. Desserts blew me away. I would go back just for her desserts. Made my meat lover boyfriend appreciate a vegan meal so you know they are the real deal.Everything here was amazing. We had rutabaga fondue, seitan, smoked carrot, and cheesecake. All fantastic and great service. Make reservations far in advance!Beautiful place, food and service. Food was inventive and delicious. I would recommend to vegans, vegetarians and omnivores alike. I had the stuffed avocado and the "fondue." Both were lovely, light and filling.I went there with two friends, one being a meat eater. We all enjoyed everything! We got several plates from all three sections of the menu. I really enjoyed the Fresh Hearts Of Palm Vindaloo and Grilled Seitan. We also had some dessert which was again very good! We left very satisfied and full.
I really liked the atmosphere, since it was formerly a home I believe. The service was very good as well.My husband and I came here for a special dinner together on his birthday. We are both vegan and we were looking for some good noshins and wonderful times. The atmosphere here is very clean, upscale, but relaxed. It has farmhouse industrial decor. There are separate rooms for patrons with a slightly different feel to each room. 
We ordered a lot of different things. We ordered 3 appetizers, 2 intermezzos, 2 entrees and 2 desserts. We also enjoyed a cocktail. So a lot! There were so many flavors, textures, and presentations! We had radishes that looked like sushi, ruttabaga that looked like beer cheese, and the most phenomenal "cheesecake" this side of the mississippi. We loved all the foods tastes and we enjoyed each course, but if felt very much like a tasting menu and a lot less substantial than a dinner. We both could've eaten more by the end! We spent around $180 at dinner and felt like it was perfect atmosphere for a special occassion, great flavors, but not enough food. 
The service was impeccable. We had our places cleared after each course, our silverware frequently replaced, and our waiter returned to check in on us just the right amount. He even brought us 2 little shot glass of chilled cucumber soup. Very nice. 
I do feel like I would've been happier if they had brought a bread basket at the beginning because we were just so hungry and we were tearing into delicate radishes like no tomorrow. 
All in all I'd definitely recommend this unique, delicious place as long as you grab a vegan slice of pizza beforehand :)Simply AMAZING from beginning to end.
Nothing to complaint about, the experience was beyond my expectations! Ofcourse by working in the restaurant industry for more than 13 years I'm always looking around restaurant and this place is so far in my top 10 list! Very well done congratulations to
The chef and the mind behind the concept service was impeccable and drinks well prepare! Kuddos to everyoneFirst off, I eat everything, I am not a vegan/vegetarian. But, I was really excited to try Vedge. I had made a reservation but since I was by myself, I sat at the bar. I really like sitting at the bar so it was fine with me. But, one exception here..GET RID OF THOSE BAR STOOLS! They were so uncomfortable. Just awful!
However, the bartenders were great. I wish I knew their names. The female bartender gave me some great recommendations and I wish I had taken them all. I had from the "dirt" list, the crispy cauliflower and a hot pot of broccoli, snaps peas and snow peas. I absolutely loved the crispy cauliflower, i almost ordered it for dessert! The hot pot was just ok. The broth was suppsoed to be a "pho" type sauce but without the fish sauce, it wasn't working for me. 
For my entree, I had the nebrodini mushroom "fazzoletti" with pan roasted tofu, English peas & basil. I loved it but I wrapped up half to take home. For dessert, I had the cheesecake which tasted like key lime pie to me. I took another one home and gave that and my leftover entree to my vegan sister who loved it. 
I am issuing a throwdown to the pastry chef! My sister is a great cook and I challeged her to figure out that cheesecake. 
All and all, I really enjoyed it but please..bad bar stools!Last night I sat in my seat for what felt like 30 minutes as I slowly bit into the Vedge grilled tofu one small bite at a time (The tofu is served with gochujang, edamame puree, smoked miso, and yuba cracklin.) What I loved most about this bigger plate was that I could take enough bites to realize how truly complex the flavors were. Before that I was in foodgasm land ala the salt-roasted golden beats with avocado, smoked tofu, capers, creamy cucumber, and seedy rye. All I could think was, how did they know this would all taste good together? What magical enzymes are operating in their brains? 
It's funny that I write this, as years ago I was a carnivore using Yelp to write a subpar review of Chefs Richard Landau & Kate Jacoby's former institution, Horizons. My review for that restaurant was thoughtless. Simply put, I had a tempeh dish for dinner and it wasn't as good as the seitan dish my friend ordered and I was annoyed. I had also never been to a vegan restaurant before and didn't really know what to expect. 
Chef Landau wrote me in response to this review, pointing out that I had no idea how much energy it takes to create a restaurant like this and how painful it was for him to have his restaurant knocked down by someone who didn't really know what she was talking about. I felt bad because I knew that he was right in many ways. As we know, Yelp has a lot of impact and many of us don't realize how much we're affecting the restaurants we review. Many of us simply do not understand how restaurants work, let alone how hard it is to get one started, especially one featuring a non-traditional cuisine (vegan food was very rare back then). 
And that's why I'm happy to report that yes, I have been schooled and happy for it. Now I'm a huge proponent of Chef Landau and Jacoby's cooking. I even bought the Vedge cookbook and regularly cook from it. The dishes are amazing and difficult to screw up. And nope, I'm not a carnivore anymore either.Everything was perfect. We walked in around 745 Saturday night and they said an hour for a table but keep your eye on the bar. 15 minutes later they had a cancellation and we had a table by the fireplace. Our waiter was super knowledgeable and personable and helped us pick great wine and food options. We got the stuffed avocado, rutabaga fondue, brussel sprouts, nebrodini mushrooms, roasted carrot and maitake mushroom. Without a doubt the roasted carrot and the maitake mushroom were the standouts but honestly everything was spot on. Don't miss this place!I'll start by saying that I am an *ethical* vegan and myself a cook with ties in the civil and animal rights communities and I love food that really pops.So what's the problem?
Under first observation, I was relatively impressed with the effort which Vedge actively employs in the hopes of  standing out and garnering attention in a time where, the public being ever so keen on wrapping around -and- sucking off itself, hails culinary arts as something akin to celebrity, so like many others who dipped in the first time around - I thought: "Hats off to you, you eerily wholesome couple~" Alas, I put the whole thing under a bit more scrutiny as I sensed a few red flags raising as I peered beyond the illusion and dug the spurs into the staff, who turned out to be underpaid and overworked. Shit really does roll down hill, huh?
To keep things curt n' short, I'd say this joint is more "plant-based diet" than vegan, which is an ethical lifestyle rather than a dietary fad. The money-grubbers who run it aim to please the privileged, so plan on seeing a lot of pompous self-serving types guffawing here than any working class family or individual. Die-hard-vegans looking for a treat, do not bother as you can make the same stuff at home by dressing up your veggies in some smoked paprika and sherry vinegar, and enough salt to stay afloat on Dead Sea-style.  (Don't forget your vegan mayo and mandolin either!)Innovative menu with amazing tastes that please the palette - you'll always eat your veggies here and clamor for more please! Great wine lists and pairings with a staff that is eager to please. Vedge is my new Philly fave!It may be possible that my expectations were too high based on the reviews and my experience from Horizon, but it was just OK.  Service also was just OK.  The location and building were nice, but did not overcome the OK.  If I want vegan, I would probably just go back to Sprig & Vine in New Hope which in my opinion was much better than this (Horizons and Sprig & Vine were comparable for me).
It is a small (and smaller) plate menu, meant to be shared and we tried a variety which I will try to cover some in detail.  
I will start with the plates we ordered from the main menu:  The Grilled Gochujang Tofu was the best plate we had from the main menu, it had a really good mix of flavors and the tofu was prepared perfectly (which for someone who is new to eating vegan was appealing).  The Onion Soup was recommend and was bland, lacking much if any flavor and I would not recommend it.  The housemade pickles were good, not great, again not a lot of flavor but a good starter.  We were limited as we were also gluten-free, but that did not take much out of play.
Ordered from the Dirt List: Best of the Dirt List, and from the looks of it maybe a regular on the dirt list was the Fingerling Fries with Creamy Worcestershire.  We also had a carrot dish which was also good.
I can see that if I had only the Gochujang Tofu and the Fingerling Fries, I may have given this a 4-star, but the inconsistency of the other plates, along with the dull service makes this a 3-star.All I have to say about this place is that it is world class. We ordered a few items off the dirt list for that day, each one was off the chart. What Rich Landau and company can do with vegetables is out of this world.I had heard about how this was the "it" place for vegetarians.  While it is nice that everything is meat free, the prices are crazy.  It is expensive and the portions are not large for the price.  The amount of food they also "recommend" would be means 50 dollars a person and then you have way to much food.  There has to be a happy medium.  Given that, the drinks were good and the service was fine.  I am not sure I will be back anytime soon.Having just returned from 2 weeks in Columbia (the land of beans and lard in her words), my dear friend requested a place for a nice Birthday dinner that included lots and lots of veggies. Wanting to not disappoint, I chose Vedge. I don't know if you heard, but they have vegetables here, in spades.
I was also lucky enough to get an invite to this birthday dinner.  Upon arriving, I found her and her parents at the bar enjoying some serious cocktails.  We were seated in the front room and greeted by our waiter Owen.  Owen was great at helping us navigate through the menu and for being a good sport.  There was a bevy of waiters that brought out food and kept our water glasses filled.  
We had quite a sampling, most notably the portabello carpaccio, the golden beets, and the seitan.  When 3 of us asked if we could order the brussel sprouts, our 4th said they wouldn't eat it since they don't like them.  I bet them they would like Vedge's brussel sprouts, and I was right.  They did.
We also shared two desserts - the peanut butter chocolate chunk and the blueberry cheesecake.  The latter was the better in my opinion, but the chocolate chunk was still pretty tasty.This was my second time dining at Vedge and it was even better than the first!  Both times I chose to sit at the bar with my date.  The bar is spacious and the surface is generous enough to comfortably eat an entire 8 course meal on.
The bartender, I believe his name is Brandon, took such great care of us the whole night.  He answered all of our questions, offered suggestions, and was generally pleasant to chat with.  We never felt rushed.  I asked a bunch of questions about the cocktails and he let me try the sangria to see if I liked it.  It was a tad sweeter than I would like and he could tell that I wasn't in love with it.  He spent the time to help me find the perfect cocktail and I'm glad he did!  I went with the Hornet's Nest.  Not too sweet, delicious tequila flavor, and the scent of the orange blossom really set this drink apart!
We ordered a bunch of small plates to share including:  Fresh Hearts of Palm (mind-blowing, definitely recommend), Rutabaga Fondue (how do they do it??  The pretzel bread was to die for.  He even gave us extra because we had more fondue leftover), Grilled Seitan (probably the best seitan I have ever eaten.  If I weren't at Vedge I might have thought they accidentally gave me chicken!), and the Nebrodini Mushrooms (Brandon said it looks and tastes exactly like pasta and he was right!).
We ended the night with the meyer lemon cheesecake and tangerine sorbet.  It was the perfect ending to the perfect dinner!  
Can't wait to come back again!Wow... incredible. I ate here a few months ago and loved it, then ate here again last night and it managed to even exceed the amazingness of last times food. I couldn't pick a favorite plate because all were equally phenomenal. They are smaller plates, which I love because it gives you the opportunity to try out all different ones. Every time I tasted something I thought "this is my favorite one" ... until the new plate came out and I loved that one too! I also learned they are not only a vegetarian restaurant, but also vegan. They sell a couple cookbooks too, and they are also coming out with a new Vedge cookbook soon. I highly recommended this restaurant, even if you aren't a vegan or vegetarian. My boyfriend is the furthest thing from a vegetarian, but he absolutely loved everything.We knew getting reservations would be tough especially for the weekend and took a chance at getting perhaps 2 seats at the bar. We lucked out and got a table after a half hour wait in the lobby. We ordered drinks while waiting that we took with us to the table when it was ready.
Hubby and I each ordered 3 items each. The smoked beets, the butternut squash trio were the highlights. The sticky toffee pudding AMAZING!
Service was friendly and attentive. 
Will definitely be going back. 
Received the Vedge cookbook for Christmas and look forward to trying out the recipes. As a vegetarian I was really happy to go to a restaurant where no item on the menu is off limits.Pretty darn good and I'm not vegan. We had the fondue for an appetizer which did not have a fondue texture/consistency but it was still very good. Then the cauliflower for the entree which was excellent!! I wanted more! We ordered Brussels for the side and the mustard sauce was too strong. All in all, I'd be happy to come back and support a vegan lifestyle!!If I could give Vedge 6 stars I would. Everything was immensely flavorful and filling along with beautiful presentations. I only took two pics but we had quite a few on the menu- the fondue and stuffed avacado (pic) are a MUST!!  The other pic is the portobello carpaccio..Love this place!Upgrading from 4 to 5 stars. 
Really excellent. All the dishes were fantastic. The desserts were especially good. Smaller portion sizes but you go here to taste well seasoned and textured food and not so much to gorge. 
Cherry cheesecake and chocolate bar stood out. For the savory make sure to get fancy radish, carrot dish, and tofu. We had 6 dishes in total and we thought all of them hit high marks- a rare feat. 
Definitely worth coming back to as the menu rotates with the season!Just blown away by their food - easily the one of the best vegan restaurants I ve eaten at. The menu is seasonal so it keeps the customers sufficiently intrigued! Loved their hawaiin hearts of palm - very talented cook and very interesting presentation. I look forward to going back.Food orgasm! Taste it all and enjoy every bite. The service is awesome too! This place is truly a foodie experience. The flavors this chef develops ate out of this world.While this place was a bit above my budget, I absolutely loved it. I have been a vegetarian for two years and this restaurant opened my life up to some new meals. I loved that the portions were small, because I tend to over eat.. This is a nice place to come on an anniversary or a special occasion, but because of the price it's not a place I would frequent.
The waitress seemed a bit snooty as we had never had a lot of things on the menu and we weren't exactly wearing our Sunday best.
Wish I knew ahead of time the ambiance of the place so I could be dressed more appropriately. Will definitely be back againSuperb service and fabulous food. They have a gluten free menu. 
Chocolate and whiskey vegan ice cream is as good as it gets!As I commonly find myself, I am in bewteen 3 and 4 stars. I will defer to 4 since I'm apparently in a good mood :)
My fiance and I are not vegetarians, but we tend to lean that way pretty often. We've been wanting to check this place out and we were pretty hungry around 5:00 and saw that they had food and drink happy hour specials.We were sold
So we got there and they didn't have room at the bar and wouldn't offer their happy hour specials at the table. So that was a bummer. But we did have some good food. I enjoyed everything we got but the fiance was less impressed. He didn't dislike anything but didn't feel like anything stood out. It is small plates and the price can add up depending on how hungry you are.
Overall I enjoyed it but we probably won't be back.Delicious. I never knew veggies could taste SO good. But- the portions were SO small and it was a little overpriced.Went here with my mom for a early Christmas celebration and we both were really impressed, I am vegan but my mother is not and usually hesitant about vegan food. Both of us enjoyed everything we ordered. We ordered the following dishes below to share and it was a prefect amount of food.
Drink: Red Sangria- sooo Yummy! I definitely recommend this drink. Had lots of fresh fruit and cranberries in it.
Food: 
Salt Roasted Gold Beets: AHHHHHMAZING, I love beets and avocados so these 2 ingredients in a dish were so fresh and delicious. I had 5 dreams about this dish since I ate it. 
Wood Grilled Sweet Potato Paté: had a really interesting smoky flavor to it. I usually do not enjoy pate texture but my mom really loves sweet potatoes so this was her choice, she loved it. I still prefered the gold beet dish though. 
Spicy Grilled Tofu: so much flavor, I know tofu can sometimes be really bland but this was great. I loved the way the Gochujang, edamame, chinese mustard flavors combined. 
Braciole (Smoked eggplant and cauliflower, italian salsa verde, cured olive): never tasted a vegan dish quite like this one. I usually love all things spicy, even though this dish was not spicy at all it had very nice flavors and the salsa verde had a really nice flavor.
Dessert: 
Ordered a brown sugar bread pudding and the cheesecake. Both were tasty but I prefered the bread pudding. The cheesecake was a little bitter but the overall dish was really creative with the carrot icecream. 
I don't think you can really go wrong with any dish on this menu. 
Next time (definitely will be a next time) I want to try the Grilled Seitan which also looked really delicious on other tables.
Decor: Loved the lighting fixtures hanging from the ceiling. Very simple clean design that works great with the menu and creates a relaxing vibe.The size of every dish is ridiculous small, 
you have to order so many dishes, still felling hungry. Will not recommend itOh Vedge, thank you for an amazing dining experience!  
If you go, know that you are going for the experience and not necessarily big plates of food or tons of proteins.  The vegetables (some of which this vegan had never even heard of before!) were cooked to perfection and prepared in really creative ways.  You can tell the produce is local and at its peak in terms of freshness.  The lupini beans in piri piri sauce and garlic were a dish I didn't think I wanted to order, did anyway and was blown away.  The tofu dishes were perfection.  The white eggplant soup with a fried green tomato was awesome.  The heirloom tomatoes with mushrooms was the dish I will be talking about for ages.
From the beautiful decor to the absolutely stellar service (really, please go train all servers at every other restaurant everywhere because it was impeccable!) to great drinks (get the kyoto sour!) to the food that left me speechless, this was an incredible night.I enjoyed the food...not the experience! 
Delicious, expensive MORSELS.  Amazing food...just don't go there hungry unless you have lots of money to spend. This is the type of place that causes people to think that eating healthy is more expensive that eating unhealthy. How difficult would it be (or how expensive would it be) to double the sizes of the portions? Cooking with plants IS FAR less expensive than cooking with meat. Cooking this way can be more labor intensive, but when you have as small of a selection as is what is on this menu...it shouldn't be this expensive.  What is NOT being communicated at this restaurant is a desire to share the wonder of healthy, delicious, plant-based food with the world. What is being communicated is that enjoying delicious, healthy food is only for the wealthy.Vedge has a great reputation, but I was hesitant about going there because vegetarian food at these fancy restaurants is typically uncooked and bland. Vedge was the exact opposite. The dishes were cooked to perfection and were stunningly flavorful. I always wonder how chefs know what flavors are going to go so well together. I believe that truly anything on the menu will be absolutely delicious, as we ordered four to six dishes (I can't remember how many) and they were all amazing (rutabaga fondue, seitan, stuffed avocado, and soup were all very good). The waiter had great recommendations if you're hesitant about making a decision! It also has very pleasing, comfortable, modern decor and isn't too loud or large.Great experience, staff was so attentive and helpful and knowledge.  Food was tasty and interesting! Fancy Radishes, indeed! Loved the mushrooms and fingerling potatoes! Foodies dream come too!Unreal.  The most amazing favors I've ever had. I want to eat here forever!  Everything is from local farmers , organic, fresh and it's what makes everything even more flavorful.  Hands down one of the best meals I've had.Seriously, the best restaurant vegetarian or non-vegetarian in the city we have tried so far. Could not have been more satisfied. We recently moved from New Orleans and Washington, DC where the food is overall been so much better, so we were not expecting too much. But, those traveling to Philly would be missing out if they just did the boring old, overrated Pat's and Genos. Vedge should be on the top of every visitor's and local's to eat list.The service is always excellent and the food is among the best in the country. After a decade of veganism and dining in restaurants of various levels worldwide, I can say this is my favorite. Sure, sometimes I'm going to prefer $9 on a vegan cheesesteak somewhere. But when you want to really enjoy a meal, this is the place to go.
You really can't go wrong with any item on the menu. The fries are good. The beets are fantastic. The mushrooms are amazing. Seitan isn't the best I've ever had but still very good. The chocolate uber chunk is fucking amazing.How do you even explain a culinary life changing experience?  I'm at a loss for words but this place practically brings me to tears! The layers of flavor and texture are a magical journey through the plant world.  There's really no way to describe the level of love and thought that has gone into each and every one of the dishes. You must experience it.  That's not a recommendation, that's a demand, from one friend to another.I was a vegetarian for 16 years before there were many healthier choices available for dinners like there are now. The word vegetarian and excellent were mutually exclusive and aside from an occasional special dish there were no consistently high quality places to chose from because in my opinion the hardest cuisine to master is Vegetarian. 
Let me explain. In most foods it is the animal fats that add that extra zing to a dish. Most dishes rely on the meat portion to enhance the flavors on a plate and why the most important person in a kitchen is the person who makes the stock or sauces. The art of concentrating flavors is the basis for all fine cooking. 
Now when working with just vegetables the lack of concentration of flavors is like trying to fight with both hands tied behind your back and why may vegetarian dishes cheat with adding butter, cheese, and cream. A pure vegetable dish always seems to be lacking something because for most people their taste buds only feel satiated by consuming those animal fat flavors. 
As a side note of all of the foods in the universe the top of the flavor pyramid are bacon bits. They possess the highest concentration of those fats, enhanced with char and smoke)
As for Vedge, this is by far the best vegetarian restaurant I have ever been to. The depth and breath of foods offered in conjunction with the flavors and variety go beyond the Italian Tomato based, Indian Curry based choices. This is the BEST of the BEST in this cuisine. 
Anyone can master making a great steak, a cream based soup, or a cheese filled omelet but only a true master can conquer a vegetable.I wanted to update my review based on my visit on 5/11/2013. I found out a couple of months ago that I have celiac disease so I can't have gluten. Vedge has a gluten free menu available, no need to call ahead. And, I could eat most of the menu! 
I had 2 items from the "Dirt List" and one entree. I had the shaved & grilled brussels sprouts with smoked mustard, the cauliflower with kung pao, peanut, black vinegar and cilantro. These two were so wonderful that I could have licked the plate. I also had the spring pea crepe with royal trumpet mushrooms, whipped yukon potatoes, pea leaves and truffle oil. I liked everything but the crepe, but it was still very good. 
For dessert I had the pomegranate jelly donut with ice cream and marshmallow. It was great, very much like and apple fritter. It had a nice crunch with a doughy texture that I constantly crave as a celiac. 
I have to mention the cocktail. I had the green daiquiri which is like spring in a glass, so refreshing. 
I want to mention that as before, the bartenders are great. Take their recommendations! My bartender also saved me from a potential issue. One of the servers put some bread next to me. I don't touch bread unless I confirm it is gluten free. The bartender took it away immediately and let the server know that I was a gluten free diner. 
It is really nice to have dinner and be able to order off of the menu! It makes me feel like less of a freak! Great job Vedge!Rutabaga Fondue with Soft Pretzel = 5 stars!!!!!
Brussels sprouts = 5 stars!!!!!
Pea Leaves = interestingly interesting, a new taste that I can't describe...not sweet, yet not specifically savory, although being in the umami spectrum, not bland, yet not rich
Seared Maitake Mushroom = 5 stars.
Smoked potato = 4 stars.
Chocolate Uber Chunk Malt Custard = 4 stars.Although this place is good I don't believe it justifies the hype. This restaurant was highly recommended to me by several people during my trip to Philly and I must say I was not impressed (even being a vegetarian.) As I mentioned the food is good, but not great. I ordered the Stuffed Avocado and it was extremely salty, to the point I could not finish. The Nebrodini Mushrooms were simply okay and the best part of my meal was desert, which was indeed exquisite (Zucchini Blondie.) Service was friendly, the staff knowledgable and all around a nice place to dine, however for the price this place not worth it in my opinion (apparently not unless you order the rutabaga founde, according to the rest of the yelpers). There are better vegan places to go, maybe not in Philly though....OK - again I vacillate between 4 & 5 stars.
Decor and Service were top-notch.
Cocktails are delicious - albeit pricey - with freshly "crafted" ingredents like smoked cinnamon and house-made bitters.
For "healthy" food - many of the dishes were oily or had fried components or incorporated bread.  The cauliflower was fried and oily.  Potatoes and root veggies?  Fried.
The best bite of the night?  Parsnip spread - on white toast (odd that so many things are served on bread??
Come here in the summer for fresher better choices.  Winter veggie fans, rejoice - you can get parsnips, turnips, potatoes, radishes and a plethora of beet varieties.
I wish I could remember our french female servers name - she was patient and kind.
The "bus folks" were workin' it, too!
Love it here.This is by far my favorite restaurant of all time. The food is absolutely incredible. You can tell how fresh all the ingredients are, it all literally melts in your mouth. The staff is of the same quality that the food is, they are so friendly and knowledgeable. The wine selection is great, as are all of their specialty cocktails. After a night of dining with them I feel like I'm on some sort euphoric cloud of happinss. Whatever you do don't skip desert, that would be a terrible mistake. I'd give them 10 stars if I could.Philadelphia is one of the most vegan friendly cities in the world and Vedge is by far one of the best the Grilled Seitan with horseradish is to die for also try the grilled tofuLucky enough to be in town for the brewers conference and even luckier to find myself seated in this restaurant last Tuesday evening. I've been thinking about that dinner everyday since! This is bar none my new top pick number 1 restaurant. No matter your edible persuasion if you have the opportunity to try this restaurant I know you will be amazed with Chef Landau's masterful, fine detailed, and thoughtful expertise in all of his dishes (and we shared 6 menu options and desert).  I would fly back to Philadelphia for this restaurant alone. Oh, and they also have some great craft beers on draft...Cheers!We could've literally ordered the entire menu. Veggies never tasted so good. Loved their version of the usual meat dishes. Surprised that we got full from about 4 plates each. I highly recommend this place to non-veggie lovers...you'll be converted by the nights end. The cocktails were also yummy, "kyoko sour" & "apple cide car" were my fave. Loved the place itself, the white walls were elegant yet felt homey. Can't wait til next time!As a lifelong vegetarian, I was reallly looking forward to trying this restaurant after years of wanting to go, & sharing an amazing meal with my closest friends.  We were lucky to be able to grab a reservation for 3 at 7 PM on a Friday night. We were immediately seated once we got into the restaurant. All in all, the service was great, food was ok.   I know this is a popular restaurant but I don't honestly understand the hype. Don't get me wrong, the food is good (showcases vegetables without using processed protein sources in lieu of meat)  but lacks that certain something that would bring it to the next level in innovative vegan cuisine. One thing we really finished till the last drop was the rutabaga fondue w/caramelized onions and pretzel. Our server recommeded this dish as I was deciding whether to order this. This vegan fondue was unexpectedly creamy and flavorful and went well w/ the bottle of cava we had ordered.  We ordered a bunch of small plates (9 in total, I believe), including the zucchini, eggplant & mushroom plates.  We also ordered a lentil salad which was good. Our server knew we were celebrating a series of life events and gave us complementary peanut butter bites at the end of the meal.  The service was flawless from start to finish and I'd give this place 5 stars for service alone.First and foremost, the food is AMAZING. This restaurant is a must for any vegetarians/vegans living in the Philly area. In fact, I would recommend that vegetarians/vegans in the NYC area (where I live) make the pilgrimage down to Vedge for a delicious and unique dining experience that is as good if not better than anything NYC has to offer. Although it's especially nice for vegetarians/vegans to find places like this, I would confidently take anyone there regardless of their diet. The food is superb, no qualifier needed.
While the food is most important to me, I the service was also top notch. The staff was extremely friendly, caring and thoughtful. They went out of their way to make sure we were well taken care of. We were treated so well it inspired me to write this, my first ever Yelp review.
The building is also beautiful, seriously. Which makes it a great place to take a date!
And one more thing, because this place is so freaking awesome, you really do want to make a reservation, and do so well in advance. It's well worth it.Delicious! The desserts are out of this world..the service and ambiance were also impressive.  A little on the pricey side but worth every penny.Amazing food, wonderful service and atmosphere to match!  The 'dirt list' is one of my favorite things about the restaurant, and the dishes are little more affordable that the regular menu.  Finally, a classy vegan restaurant that doesn't over-do it with fake meat and heavy sauces to compensate!  Just be prepared to spend an arm and a leg!I was hesitant as I love meat. We are doing a foodie weekend in town. Was concerned I was going to waste a meal. It was wonderful. So many flavors and so imaginative. Was very full and satisfied. Wine list was a little pricey.I think this place was hyped too much...I was expecting fireworks, and I thought the food was really good, interesting, and artfully prepared, but nothing mind blowing. Love the atmosphere though. Upscale but comfortable. Portions were unbelievably small, but pricey, so after $100 on dinner, I actually left hungry.Great cocktails, ambiance, staff. Super helpful and friendly :)it is rare that I give out 5 stars, but Vedge fully deserved it.  my boyfriend took me here for my birthday dinner NYE and because they do small plates, we ate most of the menu.  We had: Charred
Shishito Peppers, SALT ROASTED GOLDEN BEETS, SWEET POTATO PATE, FUNKY KIMCHEE STEW, FRESH HEARTS OF PALM, SPICY GRILLED TOFU, SPICY GRILLED TOFU, BRUSSELS SPROUTS.
Everything was delicious, the serving staff was great.  Since it was nye, they let us order after 10 pm.  Highly recommend.vedge was simply amazing!  the ambiance is great, the service is great, and the food is great great and great!  some of my favs are:
- spicy grilled tofu: a MUST!
- kimchi stew
- brussel sprouts: not your average brussel sprouts with cheese & bacon bits, this is heavenly!
- beets salad: SO good!
and the best thing is, you walk out of here feeling so healthy!  rest assured i'll be back for happy hour and that crispy cauliflower that i didn't get to try today.  YUUUMM!Only been here once, and everything was on point. It is a very nice place, but make sure to bring the money! The little plates cost all about 50 dollars per dish. 
Overall 5 stars for the food, the setting, and how nice everyone was!My husband and I decided to go to Vedge to celebrate our 3rd wedding anniversary. 
Backstory: Me: vegetarian, husband: omnivore. We moved to the Philadelphia area from SoCal in February, 2013. Our old veterinarian, actually, who attended Penn, really loved Richard Landau's old restaurant, so when we found out he had a new one, we were intrigued. Seeing his appearance on Chopped made us more eager to try it!
The decor and atmosphere is beautiful. It's pretty large, with several dining rooms, a front bar room, several fireplaces, beautiful leaded glass, marble counters and wood floors. 
We each had a cocktail to start the night before our table was ready. I went with the Elder Sage and my husband went with the Barrel-Aged Creole Gent, both very good and well-balanced. With dinner, we each had a glass of wine, which was tasty, but their wines-by-the-glass are pricey. They had a small but quality beer list, as well.
The concept here is small plates. We went with 4 from the Vedge Bar, which is the cold kitchen, and more appetizer-like, 2 from the hot kitchen, and 2 from the dirt list (sides). The only complaint is that about FIVE of our dishes (all of the cold dishes) came out at once, and on a small table, it was crowded. Also, we ate those in about 20 minutes, so I was afraid we'd be rushed out of the restaurant. Never fear, we spent over and hour there, but service was very good - friendly and efficient. 
Our absolute favorite dish was the portobella carpaccio. I seriously considered ordering another one. It was thinly sliced portobello, heavily peppered, and served with this wonderful mustard sauce. It tasted.... like carpaccio, I guess! Now, I haven't eaten beef in about a decade, but my husband, who eats red meat probably about once every week or two, also really, really loved it.
Our second favorite dish was the fancy radishes. This was served shashimi-style with chop sticks and a smokey soy sauce. The presentation was BEAUTIFUL. The different components were all really tasty as well. 
Our other appetizers were the heirloom tomatoes - beautiful and delicious, but not super memorable - and the sweet potato pate - very interesting and tasty. 
Fro the dirt list, we got the fingerling fries in creamy worcestershire. They came tossed in the really tasty sauce! Nice and hearty dish. Secondly, we got the sunchoke hummus, which tasted like... hummus with sunchokes. The sunchoke chips on top were really good, but otherwise it was pretty standard. 
Our mains were the eggplant braciole and the roasted maitake mushroom. I loved the mushroom - the remoulade was really tasty, if a little salty, like fancy tartar sauce (which is kind of what remoulade is!). The braciole was hearty, but a little one-note for me. However, I'm not the biggest eggplant fan.
For desert we went with the apple cider donuts and sticky toffee pudding. The donuts came with a sweet horseradish cream. I like horseradish, but I'm still not sure how I feel about it in a dessert. Even in the sweet cream, it seemed... savory. It's like, "what is going on? Is this real life? Is this a DONUT?" The pastry itself was really good, though. The sticky toffee pudding was excellent, especially the crunchy nut toffee on top. The ice cream wasn't super rich - I really love coconut-based vegan ice cream, which I find to be really creamy and smooth, but hey, I appreciate the effort. Also, that's the only thing of the night that I tasted and knew instantly was a vegan imitation of an animal-product dish. Not a poor imitation, mind you, and if you ARE a vegan, you'll very much enjoy it. If you've had real ice cream recently, well, it tastes not quite there. 
Despite my little criticisms, this is by far the fanciest and most interesting/innovative vegan restaurant I've ever been to. Remember: I used to live in Los Angeles and got tons of vegan food from vegan restaurants all the time (thought mostly asian-inspired, fast-casual, or "comfort" style food). This food was beautifully plated and really creative. It's definitely achieved the goal of being vegan haute-cuisine. If you're wondering if it's worth $150 for plant-based food... it totally is. Now, I wouldn't bring my traditional, meat-and-potatoes parents here. (Actually, we spent the better part of last week catering to their tastes, which involves things like roasted chicken, mac and cheese, green beans, tuna melts... you get the idea... so this dinner was a VERY nice change of pace.) But if you are up for interesting food, this is a really excellent choice. I'd certainly go back, especially with their ever-changing menu. 
Sidenote: I ended up wearing a leather jacket and leather shoes to the restaurant and I was a little ashamed of my obvious non-veganess, but the other patrons seemed to be similarly dressed. I.e. tons of "normal" looking middle class business-type people out to enjoy a really nice meal. Aside from the plant-based menu, this does NOT come off as a preachy/hippie vegan restaurant.Eat here now! I cannot remember having another meal where there was not a single bite that was less than amazing. This place is the bomb! Walked in off the street and set up the bar, the staff was amazing, especially Amy! The crowd was super cool as well. Can't say enough nice things about this place.I went to Vedge with a friend recently and it was really amazing!  It truly does live up to its hype!  The rutabaga fondue is really amazing as is all the other food (portabello, beets, tofu) that we ordered.  I highly recommend the rutabaga fondue as a must for anyone that dines here.  The presentation was also really fun.  The service was very good also.I am both gluten free and a vegan, which often makes it difficult to find places to eat. While staying across the street at the Independent Hotel we decided to give it a try. Every staff member was polite, friendly, and very knowledgeable about the food. They have a gluten free menu, and 6 different types of ice cream or sorbet to choose from for dessert! The avocado and mushrooms were so simple it was amazing how good they were. Thank you Vedge!AMAZING FRESH FOOD! Everything is so delicious with banging flavors that explode in your mouth. Nothing is bland or boring. "chill" atmosphere; great place for a dinner with a old friend or anniversary.If I could give it more stars, I would. I rate it not as a vegan restaurant, but amongst all restaurants. I am not vegan, or even vegetarian. I could eat this food every day for the rest of my life and never miss meat, fish, poultry or dairy, something I would not have dreamed possible when I walked through the door.
I live in Vermont and visit Philadelphia several times a year. I will need to choose well in advance when to come to Philadelphia because right now on a weekend reservations  are three weeks out.
The tastes and flavors are exquisite. The menu is varied with large and small plates, the latter of which permit many different tastes.
The preparations are unusual; the menu does not do it justice. 
It is hard to fathom that there is not even dairy in the preparations, but it's true.The food was perfect. The service was perfect. The atmosphere was perfect. Everything was just perfect. If you are vegan, vegetarian, or just love vegetables, you need to go here. 
Thanks to everyone at Vedge (especially Joe and all of the cooks) for making my 21st birthday a great one!Divine food and drink!
There for Bar food? Restaurant food? It doesn't matter, the amount of thought that goes into each dish is unparalleled.OMG,  for a carnivore I was blown away by this place. I started with the rutabaga fondue and the mushrooms a la placa. For desert I had the saffron cheesecake with rhubarb sorbet. This place was an incredible spot for someone like me. Everyone needs to experience Vedge.ERMERGHERD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This was the BEST meal I have eaten in a restaurant in the 10 years I've been vegan.  I will definitely be going back.  Whoa.  Just, omg.  Whoa.Fantastic food. Small plates, so a tad pricey, but since no one else does what they do, as good as they do, they can charge whatever they want. Food was awesome, very original and presentation was great. I'm still shocked they can do what the they do while vegan. One of the better meals I've had in a while. Highly recommended.Wow! Ran in here for takeout on a whim and I am not disappointed. Amazing food - you can tell they love what they do. I had the stuffed avo and the grilled maitake mushroom. I was blown away. Too bad I'm only here one night or I would be back for sure!My mouth was so happy, I almost cried! Best meal of my entire life! Each course kept getting better! Go now!Are you kidding me??? Have all the other people been paid to write good reviews? I  hated the ambiance - it was loud and noisy. While they tried to desperately attempt to create a very upscale place, it came across more like a fish market at Seattle. And don't even get me started on the food. The menu does not explain what the strange sounding items or veggies are. I ordered the lupini beans with the peri-peri sauce after the waiter explained that peri-peri sauce was some Portuguese spicy sauce. But when the appetizer arrived, I was struck by the bitter taster of the sauce. That it was bad, is an understatement. My main course was an entree with tofu and guess what, it was a single piece of Tofu!!! I have been a vegan most of my life but this quantity is like half of baby portions. Get real people. Why do you want to pay upscale prices for a downgrade restaurant. If you want to do that then you can happily enter Vedge!I loved this restaurant. We sat next to a window so there was a slight draft but it was ok. 
We started with the golden beets. That was so so tasty! And I don't usually like beets. 
We also got some complimentary bread w dipping oil. I ordered the white winter Sangria which was awesome.  Bf got the voodoo down and the hats off to Harper drinks, which he seemed to like. We ordered the brachiole, potatoes & sunchokes. I didn't care for the brachiole but everything else as great. The potatoes were awesome! We then ordered the chocolate uber chunk which was tasty but the stout ice cream wasn't my cup of tea. The cassatelle was to die for. I def want to go back and try the fondue. That looked amazing.Vedge rounded out a phenomenal couple of days eating in Philly. We came from spending a couple of days in New York, and were blown away by our vegetarian options in the city of brotherly love. 
Vedge was the highest end dining of the places we ate, and it simultaneously was adventurous and classic. We ate hearts of palm, beets, mushrooms, tofu, carrots, Brussels sprouts, and potatoes that felt as satisfying and substantial as meat dishes. 
Service was great, knowledgeable, and attentive, with a variety of folks teaming up to ensure we were well cared for.What an amazing meal my sister and I shared at Vedge!!  We started with the Rutabaga Fondue which was so creamy and delicious - but without dairy!!  Then we had the Campfire Cauliflower - which was nutty and grainy and so tasty!!!  We shared 2 entrees - Eggplant Braciol and Wood-Roasted Carrot...both of which were plate licking good!!  We ended the meal with Apple "Cheesecake" and a Chocolate Uber Chunk - both of which were beautifully done and a treat to our taste buds!!!  Portions were perfect for sharing and being able to try a few things.  Absolutely spectacular and I cannot wait to go back!!!  If you are vegan, this is a MUST try!!