I'd love to try this again based on other's reviews. The night I went, the kitchen was about to close and we got seated upstairs which was almost empty and lacked ambiance. Hoping to get a better vibe next time.Everything here was wonderful-the food, service, all of it. Played are a bit small and pricy but nonetheless we will be back!Arrived here at 4:40 to ensure that we would get a seat and we did right away. Kitchen doesn't even open until 5, if that says anything about the usual wait. We had Richard as a server who was absolutely fantastic, very knowledgeable about the menu (apparently he used to be a chef here), very friendly. 
Started with pumpkin & brown butter toast and a scallop ceviche. I found the toast relatively average, not worth the price tag; on the other hand, the scallop ceviche was pretty incredible, a very well thought-out blend of flavors and textures complementing the scallop pieces themselves. 
Then she had half the amish chicken, and I had the sea bass. It was honestly the best cooked fish I've ever had, with a perfectly crisp skin bordering the tender and flaky meat. All served on some vegetables in an exquisite broth. The way I'm talking about it, I have to agree that Vernick does live up to the hype. 
Dessert was the jewish apple cake and the semifreddo. Both very unique, very tastefully done. I would have to say the one weakness I felt they had was the cocktails. Reasonably priced yes, but they aren't the best I've ever had (Charlie's keeps its title in my book).Best meal we've had in Philly. We ordered about 10 dishes, a variety of small and large plates to share between four people - perfect for sampling and felt very satisfied at the end of the meal. Each dish was amazingly fresh and well-balanced with stunning presentation. Absolutely delicious. Highlights were the toasts (crab was so good) - cauliflower, crudos, pastas, sea bass ... on second thought it's actually challenging to think of a highlight because we enjoyed everything. Strong, tasty cocktails and great service rounded out an excellent night. The only thing we didn't try was the dessert, so that'll be our excuse to return!Down in Philadelphia for the night and decided to give this restaurant a chance after reading the Yelp reviews. It didn't disappoint. Sat comfortably at the bar, good service from both the hostess and the bartender. Food was very fresh and well prepared. Started with very fresh avocado on toast and then moved on to a very nice pork shoulder, though a bit chewy. But, the winner was my wife's roasted half chicken: very juicy and flavorful. As has been mentioned on the reviews here before, the blueberry dessert with vanilla ice cream is a must try.Vernick Is a place I would definitely take a date and hopefully you get the cute seats on the second floor by the outdoor balcony.  
As far as the food goes.  It was pretty good.  The ones I recommend is definitely try the Pea and Bacon toast.  I still drool thinking about it.  The grilled octopus was prepared very well and the hamachi were the ones that stuck out! 
Of course dinner wouldn't be complete without dessert.  We went for the mini cookie sandwiches.  They were sooooo good and definitely helped end the meal well! 
For service, I thought it was a little bit slow.  We waited a little too long in between plates and I felt like my server was gone alot and didn't really check back as much.The food here is excellent, especially the small plates. I would skip the mains and order the uni, tuna tartar, and the raw salmon dish. Their toasts are also good. This place would be 5-star if it weren't for the price. For the size of their portions, it's just not good value.Great place to dine. Both the chef tasting and at the tables. Romantic atmosphere for date night. We look forward to going back so many nice dishes to try and can't do them all in one sitting. Service was great and we were not rushed.It's a bit pricey, but its money well spent! 
I like to call their Martinis custom made! If you just ask the bartender to make a special martini for you he will wow you with the preparation and the taste. I personally take my good sweet time drinking these specially prepared Martinis, not only because I know I'm paying for it, but because of how serious he is about preparing it. Ok if the Martinis are this good... Wait till you try their dishes!!! My mouth is watering just thinking of it! Every dish is prepared with so much flavor. Like the Martinis, I don't want the experience to end as I take each bite, I do it with such ease because I indulge in each moment, so not to forget it. Hahaha! Yes I know what you're thinking! It's a foodgasm! 
So although it's a bit pricey, foodgasms are worth every dime!Great meal last weekend at Vernick.
We had the nicest server (with handlebar moustache, Kaleb).
Food was all sustainable, farm to table, small plates.
Scallop crudo was excellent, as was the avocado toast w/ spicy radish.
Interesting cocktails.....I had the NEWgroni w/ grapefruit and Aperol. 
Salad with a crusted egg was delicious, as was the sea bass w/ broccoli and olives.
We shared a lot of small plates and had a really fun night upstairs.  
Philly is a great food city, can't wait to go back!Simply the best meal we have ever had in the city. From the raw oysters to crab toast to a daily special blackened maco shark toast and finally the sea bass everything was unbelievable! The service was top notch and the wine selection excellent. Go... You won't be disappointed.Vernick - wow.  That's really all I can say - WOW.  This place is wonderful.  My girlfriend and I visited last weekend and we had a fantastic dining experience.  The service staff is top notch.  Everyone is very friendly and our waitress was wonderful.  And the food, oh the food!  Absolutely delicious!  I had the Arctic Char and I sampled some of my friend's Striped Jack. Both were fantastic.  Overall a fabulous experience.  I'm already telling everyone about it!  I will be back for sure!Stylish Place.
Very Accommodating staff.
Now onto the FOOD...
Maryland Crab on Toast.
Arctic Char/Crispy Skin/Dill.
Beets/Sheep's Milk Ricotta.
Mushroom Salad/Crispy Egg/Frisee/Porcini Cream. (Disappointing... I think they mistakenly went a little too heavy handed with the salt. It could have been a hit if it weren't for the mishap. No harm, no foul.)
Warm Parmesan Custard/Caramelized Baby Artichokes.
Roasted Organic Amish Chicken/Lemon & Herb Jus.
I would say that the two dishes that we really REALLY LOVED were the Crab on Toast & the CHICKEN!!
THEE dish I would UNDOUBTEDLY return for is the CHICKEN!! OMG!!
JUICY & TENDER and Seasoned PERFECTLY!!
The BEST Roasted CHICKEN I have EVER HAD!!
My mouth is watering just thinking about that CHICKEN!!
There is NOTHING like it!!
I can't even believe Roasted Chicken like that EXISTS!! 
So darn good...Delicious. Expeditious. Marvolishous. Flavorishious. Chocloticious. 
All 5.  
I had shrimp Thai rice. 5+ stars. Also parmigiana custard with bread marvelous. Get the bread unbuttered. 
Sea bream my wife loved. Duck was wonderful. 
Chocolate cake was tied with best I ever had. Would b best but I don't insult chocolate of this caliber. All so good. Caramel topping is actually made of specially imported micro miniature Carmel capsules. Ok. Just joking.  But it was not like any other. The rest is pure 10-40;(. This is the best.  
Marscapone napolian was wowalisious.  
Try the cappachino. Rival coffee is great.Definitely one of the best restaurants in Philly. I went in with my boss and we needed a quick meal. We tried sourdough toast with Salmon topping, beef cheek with polenta and bass. Everything from food to service was excellent.Fairly quiet ambiance. Very good food, and "small plates" actually bigger than you would expect.  We ordered too much. Toasts were excellent starter. Beet salad and octopus salad excellent.  Brussels sprouts and fettuccini with shitake also excellent. Couldn't manage dessert. Very attentive wait staff.What a delicious place!  It is in a great location of the rittenhouse.  My husband brought me here for my birthday.  We sat upstairs by the window and it was a perfect summer night!  The service was great and they brought out a candle for my birthday.
Our favorite dishes were the grilled octopus (cooked to perfection) and steamed halibut.  The fish was made with basil broth base which was amazing.  It was light and refreshing but at the same time filled with bursting flavors.I wanted so bad to leave 5 stars - but something had stopped me. The food is presented beautifully and has impeccable taste. I ordered a specialty drink martini which missed its mark with me - my husband got a Tom Collins which was wonderful. The chef gave a complimentary tasting of a potato soup which was out of this world. We started off with small plates; the oysters, sea urchin scrambled eggs and tuna poke. The raw oysters were In a blood orange sauce and were one of a kind! Sea urchin with eggs were such a different, yet intriguing taste (this was the best item my husband and I both had at vernick -- a must try). The tuna poke was fresh, but nothing to compared to the kind you will have in hawaii. My husband devoured the rabbit leg and sausage entree (which I wish I would have ordered myself after having my own meal of the veal cutlet). The rabbit dish had a delectable sauce accompanied by some potatoes and veggies. While the veal cutlet i had, seemed to lack taste and was either overcooked or incredibly dry. Definitely worth going to - but be sure to make reservations. Also, no valet parking; you either have to find parking on the road or a nearby parking garage.Doesn't matter what I order here, it's All delicious. From presentation to taste...A+. Even the roasted chicken is juicy and succulent with the perfect char skin! And I especially enjoy sitting at the chef's table and watching them prepare each dish meticulously.My fiancé and I were celebrating our anniversary, and we chose none other than Vernick. We asked to sit upstairs and they gave us a cozy corner overlooking the window. I loved the ambiance. Our server, Ethan, greeted us with a champagne toast for the occasion. He was attentive and informative, and made the evening a memorable one.
We freaking dined. 
Chef sent out a honeydew mint gazpacho shot of soup with chili oil, and a pepper cookie. A delightful treat!!
We started with the: Maryland Crab Toast and Fried Green Tomato Toast. The Maryland Crab Toast was to die for. I didn't want it to end. The fried green tomato toast had a breading, and a smoky flavor to it. Just the right amount of char. So yum.
Then came the sea urchin with scrambled eggs. Oh my god. I'm not sure why, but it works. The eggs cut the ocean flavor of the sea urchin perfectly. Warm, salty and delicious. It had an unpredictable texture. It tasted like the coast of Maine, not center city Philly. A must order!!
Chef also sent out an artic char. It was served raw, in small cubes, topped with thin pieces of an herb. The crispy skin gave an element of crunch and salt. The dish was really refreshing, with a touch of sweet. Such an awesome surprise, and one of the favorites of the evening.
The warm ricotta cheese small plate had amazing flavor blends .I highly recommend the grilled artichoke. It comes with a saffron aioli that is the perfect fit. I've always experienced artichokes as having a waxey flavor, but that was not the case here. The artichokes were delish. The least impressive dish was the tagliatelle, which was a duck pasta small plate. The duck was good, but the dish as a whole reminded me a lot of stroganoff, and I despise stroganoff. I am sure that it was just a personal preference thing.
The sea bass will melt in your mouth. I never would have thought to serve fish in tomato sauce! Highlight of the meal. The rabbit was savory and cooked to perfection.
I was about ready to burst after all of that, so naturally we ordered espresso and dessert. The mint chocolate semifreddo was an indulgent end to the evening. Rich, yet light, and topped with raspberries.
Creative dishes, everything was delicious, the best service, well made drinks, I think I just found my favorite restaurant! They know what they're doing here and they do it well.  We can't wait to come back!!Good place to eat with a good ambience.  The lamb bolognese was very good as were all of the bread/toast apps.  This place was better than what I expected.  I would return here again.One of my favorite spots in Philly. Love everything about this place, always a solid experience. Often dream about their beef tartare toast. Their menu is ever-changing but there are some seasonal dishes and specials I tried since they have opened that Im always hoping would make another appearance on the menu. (yes strawberry/feta salad and beef cheek I'm talking about you!). Staff has been knowledgeable and attentive and have provided great recommendations on food and drink.  Looking forward for the next occasion to return.It was a mysterious place for me that don't ever participate for restaurant week. It's a little high for a grad student budget but I decide to go at least once for a good occasion. 
We didn't put reservation in ahead of time, but seating on the bar table is one of great opportunities to see how all the dishes being cooked. Kitchen is clean and chefs look pretty professional. Food was great, and I especially enjoyed my small plate octopus. The octopus was very tender and flavorful, and it's prob one of the best grill octopus that I ever had in Philly.I went to Vernick with my in-laws for my MIL's bday. We had a reservation for 8:30 but we arrived about ten minutes early and got a drink at the bar. I highly recommend their cocktails - I had the Old Cuban, which is Vernick's take on a mojito. It was one of the best cocktails I have had in a looong time. The bartender was great - quick on service and cheerily answered my FIL's questions about the different types of bitters they use. 
To start we had a salad- the special (a strawberry goat cheese) which was eh, seemed like a salad you could get anywhere. However, the crispy and creamy mozzarella plate was amazing. I considered snatching it away and hiding in a corner to eat it by myself - Gollum style - but I luckily wasnt quite drunk enough yet to do that. I'm a gluten free vegetarian so I didnt have the peas and bacon on toast, but I was assured it was excellent in a want-to-steal-it-away manner. We also got the grilled icerberg salad, which was great as long as you got a bite of everything on your fork (fig, cheese, etc), otherwise it was just nicely charred lettuce. 
The chef offered to make me a special plate, which I appreciated. However - and this is the reason I am withholding a star - it wasnt clear from what the waitress described that he was basically going to make me a roasted veggie plate. I was a little disappointed - no rice or anything else - just a plate of veggies. Delicious veggies, but I expected more...
The fam loved the whole roasted chicken and fish of the day. Had an excellent dark chocolate cake for dessert (well, I just had the frosting) and without any prompting, the waitress thoughtfully included a candle for the bday. Overall, a very satisfying meal.This dinner was so good I think I might have blacked out.  That's about all I need to add to the rest of these reviews.We came here for dinner on a Wednesday and it was packed!  There were a lot of small group dinners and dates, and the ambiance was cozy and relaxed.  It's a great place for catching up with friends, too!  
Some of the highlights:
1. Complimentary onion soup amuse bouche with a niblet of bread: Savory and creamy!  A perfect starter!
2. Roasted octopus: Wonderfully tender, aromatic, and savory.  
3. Fromage blanc and kumquats on toast: I loved this!  The creaminess of the melted fromage blended well with the sweet quince topping and sliced kumquats.
4. Fresh spaghetti with beef ragu: This was the pasta of the day and very solid with a savory and slightly creamy onion-based sauce.
5. Brussels sprouts: Amazing!  Roasted to perfection and slightly charred with a sweet caramel glaze and grapes.
6. Crispy potatoes: Perfectly crispy skin and soft interior.  A great version of fries!
7. Black pepper roasted cauliflower: Pretty greasy but very savory and nicely charred.
8. Halibut with mushrooms, sweet potato, and napa in a miso broth: Very tender halibut in a savory broth.  I loved the oyster and trumpet mushrooms.
9. Braised rabbit leg, sausage, Swiss chard, carrots, and potatoes: This was my favorite dish with a succulent and savory rabbit leg.  The sausage was decent but the rabbit was simply outstanding!  Definitely a must-try.
Service was decent although we did feel slightly rushed since they were busy and probably waiting for our table.  Overall, a great option for new American in Philadelphia, although portions are tiny.Such an amazing menu!!! Very fresh, innovative dishes. The staff is very attentive. My suggestion: go with friends, order and share to experience as much of the menu as possible...and just relax and take your time.Vernick's is 5 stars all around.  Went there for a Saturday night dinner with friends. Very busy and bustling.  Swanky atmosphere, attentive service and the food was out of this world.  We ordered 8 small plates and the Branzino to share and every dish was made to perfection.  I would order every single one again but can't wait to try the others. Portions were perfect - not too small, not too big, just enough for a tasteful of each for four people with maybe an extra small portion for the person who loved the dish the most. The service was thoughtful as well...instead of just delivering plates to the table the chef paired each serving to compliment 4 courses.  If you are looking for great food and a delightful dining experience definitely check this place out. Friendly, impeccable. I can't say enough great things and can't wait to go back.Came here for some late night eats at around 10:15pm (sorry for the late seating, staff at Vernick).  Our server was wonderful and was able to recommend many of her favorites and suggested a few top notch dishes.  
After I ordered wine and my companion ordered something a bit more stiff, we started with the complimentary amuse-bouche which was warm potato soup with parsley oil and a little cheesy puff nugget type thing.  Amazing and a perfect start for a cold night.  
We ordered two toasts- the first was a beef tartare with fresh horseradish and it was out of this world.  Probably one of my favorites of the night.  The second was the broccoli and bacon jam toast which was probably blessed by Jesus or something because it was heavenly.  Both toast dishes were charred so they were crispy - but they were still soft and didn't assault the roof of your mouth.  We also got the tuna poke raw dish and holy hell this was so good. Huge chunks of tuna dressed with cilantro and macadamia nuts and a sweet soy. 
To share a couple main dish small plates we got the steamed mussels with couscous and the buckwheat pasta.  Both were phenomenal.  The couscous was a perfect accompaniment to the mussels and was PACKED with flavor.  The mussels were a nice size and were so delicate.  The dish also had brussels sprouts which (now that I am in my 30's) I adore and they were the perfect addition.  Be careful though, that dish comes with a bit of a kick.  It was a bit spicy so if you're thinking of a calm dish to share with grandma, this isn't it.  I'd order it 10 times over though.  The buckwheat fettuccine with mushrooms was also perfect. I have an undeniable love affair with carbs and this one did not disappoint.  The homemade fettuccine was lovely and the dish was savory and filling.  
5 stars for Vernick Food and Drink.  I'm so happy I love so close!Outstanding, amazing, incredible I don't know what else to say. If you haven't been here, you need to do everything in your power to get here! Food, drinks, atmosphere are all second to none. Went here for Valentine's Day and was blown away (blew my gf away too). Couldn't have asked for a better time. Just do yourself a favor and make the time to have some sort of meal here, you will not be disappointed.Best thing about Vernick: its Eastern European menu flavors & that they're open till 1 am on Sundays, which is a rarity in Center City
Decor: intriguing, their white-wash hardwood countertops are lovely... if you can and weather permitting, get a table by their open windows to feel the breeze and people-watch
Drinks: their menu offers mocktails, how cool and different is that...
Appetizers: free carrot soup with orange cream and a biscuit... a very cute surprise from the chef presented in fancy little cups :)
Food: their beef tartare was delicious, served on toasted bread as a sandwich, the horseradish and cheese in it give the recipe a unique flavor... 
Space-wise: full but did not feel crowded or too loud
Location: Rittenhouse is as hot as it gets in Center City Philadelphia
Parking: tough as expected for that area...
Wait to be seated and order: 10 minutes on Sunday evening, they had space to have us wait at the bar and get our drink order started right away
Online presence: their website could use a minor facelift & addition of all of their PR publications & mentions
The people: we didn't stay past closing time but felt like our server couldn't wait for us to leave... as we were walking out we chatted a bit with another staff member with a handlebar moustache and he made what I thought was an unnecessary, untactful, and completely unexpected remark... which is why I'm giving them only three starsThis occupies the same "space" as the late lamented Brasserie Perrier, an elegant bar that is all things to all people. My only criticisms are that when I ate there the upstairs was quite noisy, and in general the chairs (all hardwood) are not that comfortable. Impeccable bartenders and service.My husband and I dined by the window one Saturday night in June two years ago.  We would 've been back more recently, but hard to get reservations there on Saturday nights without too much forethought.  It was a good thing my husband and I ordered the same dishes since we would not have shared our meals because it was so delicious.  The seafood salad as the appetizer and the sea bass with fire-roasted tomatoes and broccoli were perfect!  The blueberry pie for dessert was fantastic.Consistently excellent food and service. The whole Bronzino with orange and fennel, charred eggplant and mushrooms on toast, hen's nest mushroom, spaghetti squash are dishes we come back.
Congratulations to them for being recognized as one of the best restaurants in the country!It was good but not as good as they said it would be.
To become a top notch restaurant, there is still long way to go.Sit at the chef's counter
Order the avocado toast
Enjoy the show - these chefs are so talented!Exceptional food, drinks, and service. Go here and you will be happy. I also appreciated that it's not overly formal or stuffy. 
It's expensive, yes, but I think it's actually a good value - less expensive than some lesser restaurants in the area.Vernick has now raised the bar for every other restaurant experience I will have in Philadelphia. 
If you're coming with just one other eating companion, I HIGHLY recommend the chef's table, where you are able to catch a glimpse of the (extremely) organized chaos that is their kitchen. Seeing the care and precision that the chefs at Vernick put into making our food made us appreciate what we were eating even more. And despite their frenzy, most of the chefs are very happy and willing to answer questions. 
Now... onto the food. We chose to go the small plates route so we could have a variety of dishes. 
- Uni over soft scrambled eggs: not stingy with their uni.  I was nervous about getting overdone and dry eggs, but that was not the case! There was a yogurt-type foam in between the uni and eggs. 
- Chicken liver and red onion chutney toast: Very well made chicken pate. The crunchy sweetness of the chutney was a nice contrast to the savoriness of the pate. 
- Grilled romaine: Who would have thought that a head of romaine would be so delicious??
- Lamb neck tagliatelle: Vernick does their meats well; pieces of lamb meat fell apart with the slight prodding of my fork. 
- Grilled octopus: Prior to eating at Vernick, Amada's grilled octopus was my favorite, but they were left in the dust after tasting Vernick's version. Perhaps it was the pickled fennel that gave it a great flavor. 
- Meyer Lemon semifreddo: a slice of pistachio meringue on top of what tastes like if gelato and mousse had a baby. 
Service was attentive and knowledgeable. The pace which dishes came out was nicely timed. 
After some poking around, I discovered that head chef, Greg Vernick, has worked under the famed Chef Jean-Georges Vongrichten, at both Jean Georges and Nougatine. No wonder!! 
I will be back. It feels very much like a neighborhood spot where the diners and staff know each other by name.Can't miss restaurant. Highly recommend, food was fantastic and service, atmosphere equally good.Amazing food ..well balanced..only thing is the famous roasted chicken dish was little area of pink in the center and not fully cooked. Should have said something but didn't want to seem rude. Vibe is great in the place and I think this may have been an one time thing. Try to sit at food bar if you can as there is a lot going on while watching the kitchen and it's fun. Bar has separate seating wait list from rest of place. Definitely worth a try. I'm going back myself.Vernick: trendy, decadent, expensive. 
Those are the three words that come to mind.  I love the atmosphere, the service is great and anyone who loves a small plate sharing type of dining experience would appreciate the menu at Vernick.
Cocktails here will put you on your butt.  Or maybe just me.  Their Pimms Cup is one of the best.
They always have an array of specials.  My favorite dish ever enjoyed here was a lobster risotto dish.  Incredibly rich but the thought of it lingers with you long after your dinner outing here.  Other favorites include the avacado and spicy radish on toast as well as the grilled hearts of romaine with cheddar and figs.  
This isn't a "swing-by" lackadaisical dinner destination.  Make sure to snag a reservation far in advance on the weekends.  Definitely one of Philly's current top recommendations in my opinion.It was my first time there and I really enjoyed my time there. They have both large and small dishes, allowing you to try many things which is one of my favorite things. I LOVE to share food this even when it's 2 people, so you can still try a lot of dishes and share them! they're dishes are flavorful and tasty! I really love their on toast items! Another really special thing about them is that they're dishes are really homie and healthy! light and fresh which is something hard to find sometimes.Friends took us here to celebrate a special occasion.   We're from South Jersey and have never experienced such a trendy, classy restaurant.  The food was exceptional & service was top notch.  Our table ordered several "small plates" to share as appetizers.   They were great. One better than the next.  The main courses were superb & desert was the icing on the cake.    Service was exceptional.  Great place.  Highly recommend.My wife and I had a great meal here on a very busy night for the restaurant. Service was great with helpful recommendations along the way. We split a toast, raw dish, vegetable, and small plate since we had a few snack at happy hour before. We got the bacon and pea toast, as recommended by our server, and it was delicious. The toasts are a must try. Our raw dish was the jackfish, which was one of the tastiest raw dishes we've ever had. We finished with the pappardelle with wild boar ragout. The ragout was savory and the pappardelle was perfect. We skipped dessert because we were stuffed, but are dying to go back because they looked phenomenal.Amazing.  Went here for a special occasion.  The ambience is awesome - very energetic but not too loud, and cozy.  Recommend eating upstairs.
The wine was probably the highlight but the food was great.  A little on the pricey side.  But it is definitely among the best restaurants I've been to in Philly.This is a really good spot.
Grilled hearts of romaine with figs were out of this world - never would ahve thought to grill romaine.
The tuna poke was the best tuna I have ever eaten.
They know how to make a drink and have a decent selection of beers.
My only beef is that the portions seem a little small for the price. 
Cool atmosphere, good service, great food. I will be back.*Went for a large group dinner and the menu was preselected. 
Great ambiance for a romantic dinner for that special occasion. 
Service was impeccable. 
Food had some real wins and a couple that were close but not quite worthy of all the praise. 
Grilled romaine salad was spot on and worth every charred morsel that is offset by that dressing I couldn't get enough of. Had a nice fruity white wine from Lombardy that I would highly recommend. 
The crab cake type bite with a lemony aioli was delicious and earth every calotype until you bite into the veal meatball that had a nice crisp bite through pan searing with a deliciously fresh spicy tomato sauce that made me feel like I was in Italy. 
Beet tartare with horseradish exploded in my mouth with horseradish bites that awakened the senses and washed away by that Lombardy wine. 
If you see foie grass on the menu and are
Not morally opposed you must order this dish. 
The seared sea bass was delicious and worth ordering the steak was ok. The orchiette pasta was not a night hit at my table. 
The chocolate cake type dessert with Madeira was an amazing piece of dessert history that belongs in the Taste Museum.We finally made a reservation (4 weeks ahead) for Saturday night.  It was a 9pm reservation and the bar along with the restaurant were full. I loved the ambience. Service was a bit slow. Before our food started coming out, we were served an amuse bouche. A small shot of beet soup along with a cheese puff. The liver and tuna tartare toast were good but the boar pappardelle and branzino for two is a must! We also enjoyed the Charles Bridge drink.This place puts all my other five stars to shame. Not only was the food here amazing, but the staff, including the chef owner couldn't have been any nicer. I've been to a lot of places to eat in the city, but never before has the chef come and asked to take a picture of us before. We were blown away. 
Anyway, the food couldn't have been any better. We had the game and Brie toast as well as the pumpkin and brown butter toast. We also had the duck pasta , beets and ricotta and the chicken. I normally don't order chicken out, but I had heard the chicken here was phenomenal and I had heard correctly. My dining partner isn't really a meat eater and he said it changed how he felt about meat. CHANGED HOW HE FELT! It was that good. 
We finished with the special mint ice cream and the brown butter torte which was recommended by the chef (we sat at the chefs counter). I'd sit there every time now because it's like dinner and a show and these guys were precise and really informative. I went during dinner rush on a Saturday and they stopped what they were doing every time to answer my questions and explain what they were making. It's no wonder this place gets rated so highly. They deserve it. 
I'll be back. I want to try all the toasts!Great small restaurant and bar with craft cocktails and awesome small plates. Our bartender was a great help with food selection of some of her local favorites. Poke, hiramasa and duck pasta. Looks small from when you walk in, but it has a nice upstairs and back dining areaThanks to 1-95 traffic and Rittenhouse parking, our party trickled in 15 minutes past our reservation time, but the hosts were extremely nice about it. 
We started with a couple of complimentary amuse-bouche and really enjoyed both the soup and the cheese puff. The small plate special of Scallops was really good with perfectly cooked scallops and a bed of pureed beans (which I typically do not like, but in the case, scraped the plate clean). 
For entrees, we felt that my Braised Beef Cheek was the crowd favorite with its tender and flavorful meat. The Grilled Red Snapper (subbing for the Black Sea Bass that was on the menu, but not available) and the Cod were both good too, although certainly more mild. 
The sides of vegetables were all excellent: Black Pepper Roasted Cauliflower (a spicy kick that I loved); Brussels Sprouts (quite sweet); and the Crispy Potatoes & Shishito Peppers (my least favorite, but still good).
And...because we couldn't resist, we tried the Date Cake, which didn't sound too intriguing on the menu, but was a great dessert (although decidedly sweet).I love coming to this resto it was recommended to me by a friend and I'm so glad I Dave it a go. Although I always sit at the bar, the service I receive is always amazing. 
I'm a big octopus fan and this place delivers the best grilled octopus. The bartender Latifa is awesome she makes amazing drinks. I love going there alone because I get to sit at the bar, order great food then go home happy. 
Great place for a date or girls night or for a solo diner. One of my top spot plus is near my house.The food was terrific, though it took the bar tender a while to get me my cocktail. Would go back again!Amazing service, great food.  Probably a bit ostentatious, and a bit louder than I care for.  I had the grilled octopus (good, but lacked much flavor of octopus), raw arctic char (very nice, love the hint of spice in the marinade), and one of the toasts (tasty at first, less so as it cooled).  This place mixes some really good drinks, I had two and was a bit foggy when I left (was walking, so not a problem).  Sat chef-side, and chatted with one of the chefs, who gave some good advice on what to order.  Since I was on my own, I appreciated the entertainment value of watching the food being prepared.My meal at Vernick has been favorite this far in 2017. The wait staff was friendly, attentive, professional, and very knowledgeable about the menu. We sat outside and enjoyed the ambiance of downtown Philly. We ordered a dozen plates and each one was done to perfection . The consistent high quality of all the plates we ordered differentiates Vernick from its competitors (there is usually one thing that lets me down). My experience at Vernick was delightfully delicious.Everything I tried was so unique and delicious.. and I'm a picky eater. The service was AMAZING, they're so nice. And the place itself was nice, we sat in the open kitchen and that was a great experience. I would definitely recommend!Last night for one of many birthday celebrations, my brother took me to Vernick.  It was by far one of the best meals I've had in Philly .  Being related to a chef brings about some worthy connections in the culinary world.  When we first sat down at the chef's counter, we were greeted by former coworkers and a friendly server.  The wine and cocktail list had a great variety.  I drank a bougelais throughout the meal and my brother had the cl smooth, appropriately named and fresh!
The chef sent over the the crispy potatoes and grilled shishito peppers with lemon zest.  A great way to get started.  We then ordered one of the special toasts with chicken liver pate and red onion chutney - just outstanding!  I have to explicitly state that you could eat just the toasts at Vernick and be totally satisfied.  We watched the Sous grill dozens of sourdough slices to perfection each and every time.  We also ordered the hamachi and were sent the arctic char - both delicious and fresh.  The char served with the crispy skin was mouth-wateringly good, drizzled with what I think was a chili/truffle oil.  
The house-made mozzarella was a must and the mussels were a different take on the traditional bowl with broth and bread.  These were deconstructed, shell-less and served with soaked croutons, cabbage mixed into the dijon broth - just divine!
We ordered the potato ravioli which was a great size for sharing and really savory.  I love that the lamb pieces were on the outside and not minced into the ravioli mixture.  Great sauce with haricot vertes and a herb crustini sprinkling on top.
The chicken liver pate toast wasn't enough for us so we order two more toasts to finish off the meal: the fromage blanc and komquat and the beef tartar.  The fromage was a great combination, a bit sweet and took me right back to Paris.  The beef tartar had fresh horseradish and what I think was small bites of Pecorino cheese.  I loved them both!
Overall, I think this might be my new favorite spot in Philly, and luckily it's right around the corner.  The service was friendly and paced well.  I loved sitting at the counter and watching the magic unfold.  
Oh and the pecan pie with a candle for dessert was just the best finale!Hopped in a bar spot with girlfriends on a Saturday afternoon. The location was light and airy with great personalities running the restaurant.
Before we started eating, everyone was given an amuse bouche of pea soup with chili oil in a egg cup. Delicious but drink fast because it sets fast.
We started with the sea urchin scramble and avocado toast. The sea urchin was very fresh, with the scramble was heavy on salt. The avocado toast was refreshing but the spiced beets could have had more of a kick.
We then had the potato ravioli with braised lamb and the sea bass. The ravioli was sweet, melty, and topped with pesto bread crumbs(?). The lamb had robust lamb flavor, nicely balanced by the fava beans. Personally like the fava beans over the green beans in the dish. The sea bass was delicately grilled on both sides, making for a beautiful presentation. The tomato base with veggies was yummy, again heavy on the salt.
Overall, great ambiance, delicious food (minus the excessive salt), and nice service. Looking forward to revisiting for apparently great drinks by the bar tender, Vincent.Simply : hands down the best new restaurant in the city. Perfect for couples, groups of friends or for those dining solo. The food is delicious & interesting without any pretense. Great for vegetarians & those with food restrictions; the sensitive staff and management do everything in their power to ensure you have a good time in their establishment. AND the prices are reasonable.
Highly recommend the crostini, vegetable dishes, steak & all the desserts. Very good selection of wine as well & bartenders who know what they're doing - this place is a gem!Seasonal food cooked to perfection combined with flawless, crisp, attentive, friendly service, combine to make this a truly five star dining experience.  
         We were quickly seated our coats were taken and we were immediately offered complementary glasses of Champagne as they knew it was our Anniversary. Our server Jennifer was very friendly and knowledgeable about the menu and how the food was prepared. She noted the specials for us and then we were presented with an Amuse Bouche of Vichyssoise with a tiny Gourgere. Very tasty way to begin our meal.  
        We started off with a selection of toasts, avocado and spicy radish and broccoli and bacon jam. We liked the broccoli best. The toast on the avocado was a little too charred, the only hiccup of the night. I am sure if we said something they would have replaced it but we did not. 
          We each had a small plate, I had the Foie Gras with blood orange frisée salad and my wife had the Chilled lobster salad with potato rosti. Each was beautifully plated. The lobster sweet and perfectly cooked. The potatoes were like a crisp pancake. Fantastic. First time for me with Foie and I enjoyed the sweet and savory combination. 
           Our large plates were the Organic Amish Chicken. By far the best chicken dish we have ever tasted. The chicken was moist and the skin crisp and tasty. The vegetables roasted to perfection. The only lament was that there was no bread to sop up the delicious juice. My spice rubbed Wagyu beef was fork tender and the fat on the meat was creamy like butter, also accompanied by perfectly roasted Brussels sprouts and root vegetables. The sauce was a bit sweet but not unpleasant. I enjoyed a glass of 2015 Domaine des Cassagnoles Colombard crisp and fruit full with my meal. 
        We saved room for dessert and were happy we did enjoying the Milk Chocolate hazelnut pie with cinnamon chile ice cream and a petite brownie a la mode. The pie was chock full of hazelnuts enclosed in a buttery flakey crust topped with that chile ice cream with a bit of heat. The brownie was moist and full of chocolate flavor.  It is small if you want something sweet but do not have s lot of room. 
         I finished the meal with a Little Giuseppe a digestive made with Cynar , punt e mes, lemon and salt. 
          This was a truly satisfying experience made possible by the attentive staff who kept the table clean and reset, our glasses always full, napkins folded when we left the table along with the delicious food. Thanks.WOW! Love this place. Food is so unique and delicious!!! I ate here about 6 months ago, so i can't remember what I had but I do remember enjoying the meal quite a bit. Its a bit on the pricey side, but its worth what you pay! I would definitely go back!One of the best places in Philly. 4.5 stars.
It's difficult to get reservation here. So we came here for drinks after dinner. Instead everything looked so good that we had a second dinner here.
the cocktails are amazing. the bartender is super knowledgeable. I had the old cuban (not on the menu) and milk punch (for the first time). both were exquisite.
Food was pretty good. We only had sides so this is not a good judge of the overall food quality
-- Side of cauliflower was a bit too burnt - avoid.
-- Crispy potatoes and shishito peppers were fantatic -- the crispiness of the potatoes are probably the best ones that I have tasted, wish that the shishito peppers were a bit more numerous in proportion
-- grilled octopus, toasted farro, corn & avocado -- pretty good. had better elsewhere in greek/italian restaurants but this is a solid version.
some of the pastas passing us by looked great in presentation but didn't get the chance to taste since it is our second dinner after all.I came here for cocktails and small plates with a friend. There's really nothing that I can say about the food that has not been said. It really is *that* good!, but I also wanted to give a shout out to their bar program. Their cocktails are awesome-- up there with all the best cocktail bars in the city (Ranstead Room, Franklin Mortgage). After telling the bartender what we were in the mood for (i.e. something with gin and cucumber, or something with tequila and citrus!) he blew our minds with off the menu drinks. So, even if you don't plan to stay for dinner, it's totally worth it to pop in for a cocktail and a nibble (the toast!).I cannot even imagine how this place can get anything lower then a 5. I have lived in NYC for 20 years and for the very first place I went to in Philly, it made me very excited about the town and what it has to offer. Thank you Vernick for an amazing start! My friends and I sat outside so I cannot comment on much aside from the food, but the service was spot on as well.This is a tough place to get a reservation-popular & deservedly so. The entrance is to the bar area, with a stairway leading to the restaurant area. It's not particularly big or fancy up there. 
The menu offers dishes of varied sizes. Many plates can be shared. There are also large plates for two: tonight's grilled fish (for 2) was a 2-lb bronzino. Since I was alone, I ordered three dishes; all were terrific. I started with Maryland crab on toast. It was surprisingly big & filling. They are known for their toast dishes. I then ordered the jack with avocado from the "Raw" section. I then had a medium-sized dish of tagliatelle with lamb ragout. All very tasty. They make their own gelato, and I love good vanilla (bean) ice cream. It was very good. 
Service was friendly, attentive & efficient.Absolutely yummy! Great service, friendly staff and interesting dishes.Definitely recommend this place.I went here with three of my girlfriends on a girls' weekend to Philly. One if the girls who lives locally, and knew we'd need a reservation, made one three months in advance! We really enjoyed our dinner! We were seated in the back of the restaurant, by the kitchen, but it didn't distract us from our dinner or our conversation like it can at other restaurants. Our waitress was friendly and knowledgable about the menu. Also, the kitchen treated us to tuna tartar and cauliflower soup tasters, which were thoughtful and delicious! We ordered all sorts of dishes and shared everything because there was so much we wanted to try! Not a one thing we ordered was bad. You MUST try the pumpkin toast starter and the beef tartar toast starter, delicious! The fois gras was a special that evening and it was arguably the best I've ever had! Also, do not forget the date cake!! Wow! It is a little pricey, but not pretentious! A great find and a fun evening!!Been coming to Vernick for small bites and cocktails, always great food, cocktails and service. Last night, celebrated two birthdays, a party of 7. This would be my first full/proper dinner. We were seated upstairs at a long table. To start  we decided to order  a bunch of small plates to sample/share with each other. As always, I ordered the steak tartare, which I think is the best in Philly. The other small plates ordered, from the raw menu, 1/2 doz oysters, sea urchin and warm scrambled eggs (another favorite), house mozzarella with rhubarb jam and seasalt, steamed mushrooms with a fried egg on top, I believe an egg plant dish, grilled shrimp and avacado, potato ravioli with braised lamb....for entree I ordered the grilled blace sea bass.  For desseEverything was delicious, perfectly executed. For a relatively big party, the kitchen and the servers were able to get our orders to us with perfect timing (the upstairs dining room was full as well as the bar and downstairs dining room). The cocktails were execllent as well, I a couple of my favorite cocktails, the Veuve Carre (not on the menu), Czech Sour, Sazerac (def the best in Philly), had a sip of one of the Manhattan "Variation" cocktails, this may be one of the top 5 best cocktails I've ever had. Wow...  Overall....Great dinner, Great Cocktails. Great time.One of the single best dining experiences I can recall. My girlfriend and had the tuna poke, beef tartare, Maryland toast, peas and bacon, heart of romaine, parmesan custard and the cauliflower and every plate was incredible, with all the little fine details standing out in even the smallest side plates.  The portions were very large and the wait staff was super attentive and friendly.  The place is a food haven that makes you feel at home and the dinner was seriously one of the finest meals I can recall.  A couple days later I had dinner in NYC and having already had Vernick, their food paled in comparison.Pleasantly satisfying. I, along with 2 others visited on a rainy Wednesday night, and even without reservations--we were seated rather quickly. We enjoyed witty cocktails paired with delectable dishes.  Would visit over & over again.There was a long wait. We were staying in an apartment just next door at Andy & Caron's airbnb and the hostess very generously offered to call us when there was a table. When we were summoned, it felt as if we were asked to join the family table. 
We were three gals and the waitress treated us regally. I had the tartare of course (scrumptious) and the special of the day - we were all just delighted with the evening!Why a single star, one might ask? Well, in relation to the price point, the disappointment couldn't be larger.
The service:
Not the best.  Honestly, we were sat, and the one servers had to cover for the second, and then didn't bother to tell the second that they did.  They took our drink order (after we'd been sitting for five minutes without water), and then our actual server just asked the same question again, "what would you like to drink?".  ::shakes head::
Biggest pet peeve: didn't ask us if we had any dietary restrictions.  Here we have a non-descriptive menu, where most of the options have many other ingredients that aren't listed.  Our server didn't bother to ask us if there was anything we couldn't eat or didn't want.  I mean, hey, we're from the Mid-West, and that's standard even there.  We expect better from a *real* city like Philly.
The food:
In a word: salt.  And by that we mean too much!  It destroyed our palates, and after the first tasting we were already discussing how "salt forward" the food was.  By the end, we could barely eat the food.  We aren't low sodium people by any means, but by the end, our mouths and throats hurt from the amount of salt.  We even mentioned this to our server after the first courses, and were told that the later courses would be better. Unfortunately, that wasn't the case.  Maybe it was a fluke, maybe it was because it was a Tuesday night?
Dietary restrictions are also hard.  We *should* have explained them up front, but we weren't asked.  It's weird to order something with a "crispy" egg, and that to mean a poached egg deep fried in Panko.  Honestly, there's the concept of the egg white being cooked until it's crispy.  It's just poor descriptions on the menu.  Basically you should ask the server for every little ingredient and technique used in every menu item because you will be surprised what the final result will be compared to what's written.
But hey, we're normal folk from the mid-west and we don't know how to eat at these *fine* establishments in *real* cities.
Overall, very disappointed.  We've had food three times better for half the price in any number of cities across the U.S.  But, maybe that's just us....?Wonderful experience everytime we go.  My wife and I have been to Vernick 3 times now.  Each time we go it seems to get better.  Keep up the good work.This was one of the best meals I have had in Philly, everything was delicious. We started with a raw fish special, it was a white fish in a dashi broth. Next we had the beef tartare, and then shared the duck. They also make a pretty great old fashioned.This is now our favorite place in Philadelphia.The food is original and tasty without being too fussy.Flavours are authentic and there is a humbleness to the dishes that are exquisite.Dont miss the toasts- share them and order a few.The pastas are great as well and do not miss the desserts!
 I also want to mention that we arrived recently on a super busy Sat evening and Open Table screwed up our 8 pm reservation.The manager said please have a round of drinks on us at the bar and we will get this all sorted out- no worries here,we will feed you and make you happy.Five minutes late we had a great table for four and proceeded to have a terrific waitress and thoroughly enjoyed ourselves.
 Run don't walk here-it's well worth it!A fun and exciting evening.We had a great meal here.  It was tough reservation to come by a few months ago when we went, so I'd plan on reserving a few weeks in advance for weekend nights.  The cocktails were amazing and very creative.  We had the new-groni, which was tasty.  Unfortunately, I procrastinated in writing this, but I do recall that the wood-fire roasted chicken was unbelievable.  The scene is good...a busy place with solid ambience.  We sat at the bar in front of the kitchen and could witness the culinary excellence going on....would probably prefer a table next time, but it was neat experience.  Overall, it was a very good meal...one of the better spots in Philly at the moment.This is our go to place for a great dinner and amazing service. Unfortunately our last meal was not that. The chef/owner was not there which was a first for us and the service wasn't up to par. Noise level deafening so we could barely speak. Our friends were sitting two tables away with the same waiter and had the same experienceWow! Beef tartar, tuna poke exceptional. Grilled shrimp salad and black bass amazing. 
The service friendly and profess. The prices a bit high but expected for area and well wort it. The only bit of criticism is the over use of dill. Four out of six dishes had dill in it and I am not a big fan of that taste.  
Dessert was ok a choc and butterscotch parfait but everything else was so good I forgot about it already. 
We will definitely return.I just writ a review that was very uncomplimentary of the service. Let me add that the manager was exceptional in resolving the issues. BTW, our waitress, Kelly, was great.I really like Vernick. The decor is great, the service is nearly perfect and the food is very tasty as well.
I'm saying 4.5 stars for now, planning to return and update accordingly after the second meal.
I thought the serving sizes were a little too small for the price, and the service was a tad overbearing. I usually love attentiveness, but sometimes the feeling of being forced to order more - "oh that's not enough, you need at least a few more small plates and breads or another large at a minimum" - feels disingenuous. Guess what? We'd ordered just right! And worst case we could add something on after, or get a dessert or two extra. I'm not sure why, but that sort of thing rubs me the wrong way.
But the food we did order was great, and eating upstairs was very nice. I loved the minimal, natural decor and touches. The steamed halibut ($29) was divine, and the chilled seafood salad ($14) was one of the best seafood salads I've had. I'd also recommend all the options in the "on toast" section ($8-$15), especially the spinach & fontina ($10).
Overall a very enjoyable meal, looking forward to returning. 
If you're thinking about heading out to a nice dinner and want to try something new in the Rittenhouse area, I absolutely recommend Vernick.Hey, Vernick, welcome to the neighborhood! They opened very quietly this evening, but given the number of passers-by who were drawn in by the beautiful large open windows and balcony, they're about to become very popular. The food and drink live up to the ambiance, and I'm looking forward to making this a regular spot for dinner - or drinks and delicious snacks!
They have made the restaurant into a stunningly beautiful space. Downstairs there are standing tables in front of windows that open to the street and a bar with comfortable seating (I love bars where the seats have backs. LOVE.). Hidden in the back is a small dining room with a chef's counter - I was tempted to keep the news to myself in the hopes that nobody would find out about it, but the odds seem slim so  I decided to share with you. You're welcome. Upstairs is a more formal dining area and it is *gorgeous.* My first thought is that if I hadn't already suggested another locale for a friend's upcoming bridal shower that it would be the perfect location. There is a balcony on the second floor so you can enjoy the nice weather from the second floor, as well. 
Service was absolutely stellar - no opening night hiccups here. My meal began with a complementary English pea soup that had some kind of lemon (oil? aioli? infusion? whatever) flavor - not something I ever would have ordered myself, but the combination of lemon and pea was surprisingly perfect and definitely spring-like. I had the fromage blanc and ramps on toast - my initial order was a bit too charred (I don't mind toasty bread but this had turned the corner to burned); it was quickly and graciously replaced and turned out to be the star of my meal. The cheese is made in-house and is wonderfully creamy. If they sold it on its own I would eat it with a spoon, perhaps with honey drizzled on top. This was followed by the pork blade steak with onion marmalade and sauteed greens. The flavors all worked perfectly together - bitter greens and sweet marmalade. Yum. They claim to serve snacks and small plates, and have prices to match, but this is no Tinto - half of my entree is sitting in my fridge and is going to make me a happy woman at lunch tomorrow. 
I'm guessing they will start doing happy hours soon - they're the perfect spot for it. The downstairs lends itself well to casual snacking and the bartenders are phenomenal. The snacks are cheap and the drinks are worth it, though, so don't wait for a HH special to come by.Had an excellent meal at the bar here at Vernick.  The food was excellent on each plate that I sampled.  Wine list is really good too with several excellent choices by the glass.  Service was super friendly and fast.  I would definitely come back here for a meal.  The cooking here is sophisticated and modern.  Lots of deliciousness coming out of the kitchen.This was the best meal I've had in a long time.  The service was outstanding as well.  The prices were a little on the high side but well worth it.  Like some other reviews mentioned, it was a little noisy but that is my only complaint.  The kitchen sent out two complimentary tastings before our food arrived.  One was a pea soup and the other was a salmon tartar of sorts, one better than the next.  My husband and I shared two appetizers, the smoked trout and the grilled calamari.  I'm not a smoked trout fan but I would definitely order this one again.  The grilled calamari was equally good.  My main entree was the halibut.  It was very light but full of flavor.  One of the best halibut dishes I've ever had.  My husband had the sea bass which he enjoyed.  I did prefer the halibut over the sea bass.  Do yourself a favor if you are in Philly and try and make reservations for this restaurant, you won't be disappointed.The food was very much what I thought it would be! I didn't have a reservation on a busy Labor Day Saturday night and was seated immediately. The food was an experience in your mouth; tender with the right mixture of perfectly combined flavors. We were given a sample treat while we waited and even when we decided to skip dessert. Service was exceeded beyond expectation. I would definitely recommend and visit when I'm pack in PA.My lovely wife was kind enough to take me to dinner here, and we had a fantastic time.  The venison with mole sauce on the large plates menu was one of the best things I've ever eaten, and made me wish I had ordered more meat throughout the meal.  It's not very stuffy or very formal, which makes it a versatile, appealing restaurant in the vein of DC's amazing Rose's Luxury.  If you can get a reservation for when you want to go, I highly recommend that you do so.Amazing!!!  We started with the crab on toast and avocado/radish on toast and both were perfect.  We shared a mid course of spaghetti and clams and, while not the best vongole we've had, it was certainly quite good.  I had the chicken and my husband had the bronzino and we were both in heaven.  Service was also wonderfully refined.  
Our one complaint was that there was a table of eight, four couples, celebrating a birthday and they behaved like untrained barnyard animals...hooting, hollaring the entire time...the whole dining room would stop and look and management failed to address the situation.  It shouldn't take someone calling management over to have this addressed.
In spite of this we would enthusiastically recommend joining them for dinner.A girlfriend and I joined vernick for dinner last evening, as first time diners . We were completely blown away at how fantastic everything was . We decided to choose many items from the menu and share everything, that way we had the opportunity to really try a little of everything that was offered . Rather than sending everything out at once, we were given our items through courses . We really had a 7 course meal and from start to finish it was amazing. The beets and ricotta was one of my favorites , along with the Parmesan custard and artichokes . And don't even get me started on the half chicken . Talk about finger lickin good! Our server James was delightful . Very knowledgable of the menu, made great recommendations , offered wine tastings and was overall the perfect representation of the service I expect when dining. We did make a bit of a later reservation and were there quite late. He was not pushy to have us finish and really allowed us to have a wonderful dinner and overall perfect night out . I wish I could give a 10 star review because I would . Everything from start to finish was Perfect and we will definitely be returning to try everything we didn't have room to try before !!!    Definitely needs to be on a list of places you need to dine when in Philly !Great atmosphere, great food, couldn't ask for anything more. We had a table upstairs by the open wall which I highly recommend trying to get. They were nice enough to provide us with a complimentary glass of champagne for our anniversary. My husband is still talking about the excellent crispy potatoes. I had the organic Amish chicken and my husband had the black sea bass. We really enjoyed both. The service was also top notch. We will definitely be back!This was by far one of the best restaurants I've dined at in philadelphia. The service, hospitality and of course the food was exceptional. Every time I talk about this place, I have nothing but positive comments. The best dish we had was the special "seafood cocktail". It had sea urchin, mussels, oysters , scallops and shrimp in some kind of lime sauce. Our server was also very attentive but not looking over our shoulder. I definitely recommend this to anyone that is ready for a nice adventurous dinner.Vernick was great! The prices were reasonable for all different types of diners with lots of small plates to choose from if you are a sharer and larger plates if you like to have your own big meal. The morel toasts were my favorite and they were a larger portion than what I was expecting. Ramp toasts were delicious as well. Beets were awesome and the raw tuna was very flavorful. Altogether a great meal with very friendly and helpful staff. I will definitely return and can't wait till they introduce a happy hour!I can't recall the last time I was so pumped to love a restaurant, yet came away so completely disappointed.  Having read many positive reviews about Vernick, I booked a table a month in advance, and arrived anticipating a terrific evening.  Bottom line, the service and cocktails were consistently great, while the food was...well, pretty terrible.  The eggs and uni, for example, started promisingly -- beautiful presentation, fresh uni and creamy eggs...which were drowned out by a salty bath of cream nestling on the bottom of the bowl.  Our waitress seemed stunned when I told her that the dish was too salty to consume.  The same experience came with the cauliflower (you couldn't taste the vegetable over the seasoning), a Parmesan custard that only tasted of vinegar, etc.  Kudos to the restaurant, I must say, that they didn't charge us for the items we couldn't eat.  We skipped dessert, and I left with a burn at the back of my tongue which is still there two hours later.  Bottom line, Vernick is a small-plates wannabe that seems to mistake salt for flavor.  SUCH a let-down!Probably one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. Def one of my favorite restaurants. ! Excellent ambience and food.I have been meaning to go to Vernick for quite a while now and finally made it last Thursday. Four of us went and had a 9 pm reservation, when we got there the place was pretty packed. There is a small room in the front where you check in ad this is where the bar is located. I only had a sip of the Pimm's Cup and it was very good, I stuck with scotch for the night. 
We were sat at a corner table in the back by the kitchen. It was actually very nice, behind us was some stacked wood that they use for the wood fire grill/oven and it gave us the sense of being secluded. We started off with an amuse which was a corn purree shot which had a nice intense sweet corn taste, perfect way to start the meal.
The menu is divided up into pretty standard sections, as I am sure that many of you know toasts are back in in the restaurant world and Vernick does not disappoint there, they have at least 6 different toasts to order. We ended up trying the avocado and pepper toast along with the MD crab toast. The avocado toast was exceptional and I would order it everyday of the week, the MD crab toast was good but not great and this was the only thing that didn't blow me away. After toast we did the lamb belly with peach salad, the artic char with fried skin and dill, and the uni with warm scrambled eggs. The chef was kind enough to send over the fluke crudo as well so we greatly appreciated chef for thinking of us. Everything was amazing, pairing the intense lamb flavor with peach was pretty epic and I am a huge fan of artic char so that was of course great. The fluke was perfect and light and the uni was amazing, uni is one of my favorite things so I will eat it with just about anything. 
From there we ordered some entrees, if you don't know the thing that Greg Vernick is really good at it the chicken. No matter what else you do you must order at least a 1/2 a chicken. We went with a 1/2 chicken, the atlantic cod with shrimp dumplings in a lemongrass broth, and the braised rabbit which also came with a rabbit sausage link. Wow, again everything was fantastic, the cod was perfect, no other way to put it, and that broth, they brought us extra bread just so that we could sop up the broth from the cod dish. The rabbit was fantastic, definitely the best that I have had yet and I can cook a pretty good rabbit myself. The sausage was fantastic, very mild but still great flavor. The chicken was crispy on the outside and extremely tender and juicy (even the breast) inside. We didn't stop eating until absolutely everything was finished. 
Now we are full, very full, but then they ask if we want dessert and after the experiences we have just had, none of us could pass dessert up. We went with the dark chocolate gelato, the cornbread pudding, the milk chocolate semifreddo, and the blueberry pie. So the dark chocolate gelato was great, the cornbread pudding was fantastic very light and resfresing. The semifreddo was dense and chocolaty without being too overwhelming and heavy. The star for me was the blueberry pie. Just to be clear they aren't kidding when they say blueberry pie, they give you an entire pie with a scoop of vanilla gelato on top. The crust was amazing and the blueberries were absolutely perfect without a hint of bitterness to them. As with ever other course, nothing survived. 
I should point out that our service was exceptional, our server was awesome, he was attentive and conversational. There are many many restaurants in Philly and I am on a mission to hit as many as possible which is why I am always hesitant to do the same place twice but Vernick is definitely an exception. As a side note, we thought dinner was extremely reasonable in terms of price for what we got. We did a few glasses of scotch and a few glasses of wine then ordered some espresso at the end and the tab ended up being about $80 a person.A delightful venue with a far to table feel.  The service and delight were the highlights of the night, but the food fell a bit short.
**Tip, reservations are a must, even during not so busy times.  Don't just wolly (wall-e) on in.
#Location: On a busier Philly night, you might find yourself searching a hour for metered street parking, and subsequently miss your reservation, if you come during not so busy times in the middle of the week, there should be plenty of spots available.  
#Space and decor: Vernick houses a two story venue.  Downstairs is a nice and spacious bar.  Seating on the first floor (which I would have opted for if I had known about this) is in the back. Dimly lit but with clear view of the open kitchen and chefs.  We were seated up stairs which opens up to a spacious rustic room with large windows overlooking the street below.  Not really a bad seat in the house.
#Service: I was most impressed by the service during the night.  Waiters, waitresses, hostesses, were incredibly attentive.  Water was always full.  Napkins were magically folded after you returned to your seat after a short bathroom hiatus.  Friendly staff, in farm to table attire consisting of casual plaid button down, jeans, and old black and white chucks.  Attention to detail my friends.
#Food: The only thing falling behind and maybe the most important was the food.  Which was good but not exceptional as I'd expected.  So many wonderfully sounding items on the menu, my friend and I decided to be a bit more adventurous. 
- chicken mousse pate: a starting special of the night.  I loved every bite, the toasted bread underneath was perfect.
- lamb osso bucco: good but not great.  I lamb was not as tender as expected and the overall dish was a bit cool. Was the dish sitting out for a bit while the other items we ordered were still cooking?  Since I didn't ask, I'll never know.
- sea urchin fried egg: perhaps I don't like sea urchin as much as I wish I did.  A bit salty for my friend as well
- tagliatelle, braised duck & chanterelles, IE pasta with duck: pretty solid
-dessert: we opted for the CHEESE PLATE which came with a delightful goat cheese from upstate NY, chutney, toast- excellent.  one of the best cheeses I've had in a while.
Overall:: I would go back to try more especially with the excellent service and decor.Went with a large group of work friends. A beautiful room and the service was great. My halibut was very tasty but just a little too much went into it. I guess I prefer simpler dishes and slightly larger portions. The sauce? overpowered the fish and the portion wasn't very large, especially for the price. 
It was a very good restaurant, staff was friendly, service was timely I guess I just didn't appreciate the food. I'm glad I had the chance to try it, but I wouldn't go back.This was the perfect dining experience (and that's exactly what it was, an experience).  We had a reservation and when we got there the hostess asked us if we would like to dine at the chefs table or in the dining room.  Um, Chefs table please!   
We got to watch the kitchen the entire night and I was so excited!  Everyone was so nice, including Vernick himself!!  He even took the time to explain the dishes that we ordered (ie. which ocean the fish came from, which local farm the strawberries came from, etc.).  
The food was OUTSTANDING.  We got a whole bunch of small plates ranging from tuna tartare (my favorite of the night), to beef tartare, to strawberry and goat feta salad, to pappardelle with braised rabbit (yum!).  Every single dish we got screamed with flavor.  
Best birthday dinner ever.Wonderful establishment. 
Bartenders are knowledgeable, and make wonderful cocktails. I asked for, and they made me a traditional Negroni and it was spot on.
Service was exceptional. She knew her stuff, and was very helpful.
Food was very good, and well executed. 
Will definitely go back.Amazing. Had no idea we would be eating this well tonight. Great seafood. Really solid cocktails. Bringing my buddies here.I celebrated my birthday here and it was fantastic. Awesome food and great service. I loved everything I ordered! I highly recommend this place, especially if you are celebrating something special.
It's hard to get a reservation on popular nights!So good. So so good. 
I made a reservation at Vernick a million years in advance for my birthday dinner. I wound up bringing my parents who are the farthest from trendy and who think spending 8 bucks for a salad at Panera is expensive. THEY even thought it was one of the best meals they had ever had. 
I'd like to send a shout out to basically everyone who works there. There were big smiles and nice words at any available chance. Absolutely not pretentious and it didn't feel disingenuous. It just kind of felt that everyone loved their job - totally made the meal that much better. 
We keep trying to figure out what was the best part of the meal and what we might not order next time. It seemed everything was exactly as expected but I must say the toasts are something I'll dream about for the next week. We did not order any large plates and didn't feel like we were missing out. 
We ordered:
Maryland crab toast - We killed this is under five minutes. So much crab! And so stinking good. 
Beef tartar with horseradish toast - This was recommended to me by a friend and totally hit home. If you even remotely like red meat you should order this. I loved that this was served really cold.
Salmon and avocado toast (on special) - Awesome. It tasted like a salmon and whitefish salad mixture and was perfect with the other dishes. 
Cauliflower with black pepper - Honestly could eat an entire bowl. It sounds so simple but tied our entire meal together.
Grilled romaine with figs and cheddar - I would order this by itself FOR myself. Tasty and light.
Mozzarella with mango - Yum. 
Muscles with cabbage and dijon broth -  This small plate could have been a decent dinner for anyone - the cabbage was impeccable and the muscles were not the least bit chewy. 
For dessert we ordered the chocolate banana custard which I devoured immediately. Basically a chocolate log with a light banana custard to smooth it out. Best birthday dessert. My parents ordered the panna cotta which was not my favorite but that is only because I'm not a pineapple fan and that was the underlying flavor. 
I was pleasantly surprised that it was not noisy and that we felt like we were dining in a friend's kitchen. Can't wait to come back!If you don't like the noise, you won't like the energy. Be careful what you order. From the a la carte bread to the desserts, everything was fabulous. Just don't be fooled by the "small plates". The table gets crowded very quickly, and you feel guilty about leaving any morsels over even when you start to reach your filling capacity. Definite for return visits.Fantastic food and service. The restaurant is very good and popular so make sure to make reservations. The restaurants isn't huge but has enough space located on Walnut street and offers great cuisine in a really trendy and cool restaurant. The bad part where I've been seated has the kitchen exposed where you can watch the chefs prepare the food. There is a cool upstairs area at the front of the restaurant as well.It was our first date night out since our daughter was born 7 weeks ago and we couldn't have asked for a better dining experience. To start, the squash blossom and anchovy toast is amazing. Not overpowering with fish, but strikes a nice balance. The sea urchin and scrambled eggs was the most unique and tastiest menu item. It is such a curious idea that was brilliantly conceptualized and executed; Every morsel was heaven. The seafood roast was delicious and perfect for sharing. The prawns were most flavorful and we loved the savory broth we asked for bread to sop it up with. The service was one the best in Philly. We had a custom cocktail created with the recipe delivered to us without asking for it. We were also given an amuse and a complimentary himachi. And to end it all, the chocolate croquant was delectable. At first a little too frozen to cut into, but with each bit it became easier. Overall, one of our top 10 picks for Center City.Inspired food!!!  The parmesan custard is STUPID!!!  In a good way!!!  A MUST!  Roasted corn and Roquefort was amazing!!  Maryland crab on toast, grilled romaine and roasted artichokes, all amazing.  Great wine, service, ambiance.  A really great place!!  Will be back for sure!Came here for my wife's birthday and sat at the chef's counter. It was a great time and all he employees were attentive and nice. The food was incredible (we split a lot of small plates), and watching everything get made in front of us made it that much better. 
If they have foie gras when you go, get it.When it comes to special occasions, one is left with trying to choose an exceptional restaurant befitting for such an undertaking.  My wife and I were celebrating our first anniversary and chose Vernick due to its great reputation.
Upon entering, we were greeted by a hostess and since we were early for our reservation, told we could sit near the bar to order drinks in the meantime.  Since the bar area was full, the only places left to sit were on two awkwardly placed stools near the entrance to the main dining area.  But this was not the kicker.  We were practically ignored for 10 minutes until the bar runner decided he would finally acknowledge us.
By the time the bar runner put our drink order in, our table was ready.  The hostess led us to the dining area and sat us at the chef's table.  This is a counter that is attached to the open kitchen.  Since this was a special occasion, we wanted to be moved to one of the available candlelit tables.  Mind you, we never mentioned to the staff that we were celebrating our anniversary because we just wanted genuine service.  All dinner guests should feel welcome and special regardless of what brings them to the restaurant.
Once we mentioned our dissatisfaction with the seating arrangement, our server, James, moved us to an appropriate table.  James was the saving grace of our service experience here.  Prior to him taking care of us, it seemed as though we were flies on the wall.  Perhaps since we are younger diners (wife in her 20's and me in my early 30's), the initial respect factor from the staff toward us was nonexistent.  
James delivered great service from start to finish as did the busser and food runner.  He was upbeat, down-to-earth, and helped us finally feel good about being there.  James gave us input on dishes I had questions about and explained the menu additions very well.  As we were finally in good hands, we were excited for the food that was to come.
Starting off, my wife and I ordered both the Maryland crab and the bacon jam concoction that were served on top of sourdough toast.  The Maryland crab meat was fresh but the dish was uninspiring.  The bacon jam on the other dish was very rich and flavorful.  
Moving along, we ordered four small plates.  These included the grilled hearts of romaine, grilled octopus, warm parmesan custard, and sweet pea ravioli.  While the grilled hearts of romaine dish was both tasty and unique, the grilled octopus was boring.  Octopus is salty by its nature but there was simply no flavor or substance.  On the other hand, the warm parmesan custard and sweet pea ravioli dishes were divine.  Rich flavors, great character, and excellent preparation.
At this point, our stomachs were nearly full but we yearned for more.  We shared an order of the pork blade steak, which was perfectly crisp, well-prepared, and put us closer to the finish line.  As one would expect from a large plate, there was no shortage of pork and each bite was equally satisfying.  We had a side of black pepper roasted cauliflower which was merely okay as the pepper flavor really overwhelmed us.
For dessert, my wife opted for the petite brownie which comes topped with a small scoop of vanilla ice cream.  I had a huge slice of the chocolate and peanut butter opera cake.  While the brownie was pretty standard, the chocolate and peanut butter opera cake was excellent.  Rich and creamy peanut butter complemented the chocolate and paired with a latte, this was a nice conclusion to the meal.
While the drinks were pretty standard and nothing to write home about, I will say that their daquiri is pretty good.  Although people are coming here almost entirely for the food, I do think they can improve in the drinks department.  I'm sure they will get better in this area as time goes on.
While there were some misses, the hits were home runs.  The service should be consistent from the time a patron enters the restaurant until the time he/she leaves.  It was a rough start, but James really saved the day in providing excellent hospitality.  Initially, the food was rather unimpressive but as our meal progressed, the quality of the dishes went from plain Jane to extraordinary.  While Vernick is deserving of its accolades, I would not call it the best.  But in due time, I have no doubt it can get there.Who needs another review of Vernick?  Well, I have to say that I was not sure that I wanted to go after viewing the menu on-line.  The menu looked very limited.  But we went - and I am so glad that we did.  The service was excellent, and the meal was a delight.  Greg Vernick is a tremendous chef, and more important, is able to manage a kitchen that lives up to his standards.  I wish that I could eat here every night!Perfectly cooked seasonal dishes. I have eaten here a few times and each time I have been wowed by the food.  Thoughtful, well executed dishes wow your senses. I loved the Brussels sprouts in the winter and now loved the spaghetti with Fava beans, Morel mushrooms and spring onions. Our bartender Latifah was attentive and knowledgeable, using super sensory instincts to replace our silverware and refill our drinks. Yes, she actually resembles Queen Latifah and is beautiful and intuitive in meeting guests' needs. Overall, one feels special when dining at Vernick because of the perfectly executed dishes and amazing staff.Already ranked as one of the top restaurants in philly and I totally agree. The food is delicious- don't think you can go wrong with whatever you order. They are constantly changing the menu too so you can keep going back and trying new options.  They are well known for their toast and I highly recommend you try a few, they are all great...I especially liked the pumpkin one. I also highly recommend the chicken from the entree section. The ambience is very nice and the staff is very friendly...we spent several minutes talking with the manager and the head chef too. The drinks are great as well. Highly recommend this place, I'll definitely be back. Make sure you call in or get there early as this place will get busy!Wandered into this restaurant after reading about it in guide book. Delicious food. Mix up the 'on toasts', the small plates and the large plates. Steak tartare on toast, sea bass and Amish chicken were highlights.Look, yelp is filled with BS reviews or people just looking to vent. Mine is probably to vent. I went here for a birthday dinner and was highly disappointed. Outside of the crab toast and artic char chef accompaniment, the lamb was ok and the sea bass was on top of an acetic marinara sauce that I felt just didn't make sense or work for us. Ceviche was extremely chewy. Service was ok, but not that welcoming. It doesn't make me tell people it's a must try or can't miss when visiting the city. Blueberry pie was best part. Wishing you a better experience!To be honest, I think this place is overpriced and overrated. While the food does taste good, I don't think it's anything new or spectacular. I also don't think it deserves the price tag. The one thing that I remember about this place was the blueberry pie. I'm not a dessert eater, but this was insane. If they still have it on their menu, you cannot leave without ordering it.
Like I said, the food is good, but not really overwhelming. I don't really need to go here every again.I have nothing but terrific things to say about Vernick! My friend and I had a great time!
-The servers are wonderful and attentive. 
-The food is savory and delicious. 
-The atmosphere is warm and inviting. 
We shared the: pumpkin toast, artichoke, grilled romaine, and sea bass. 
This was my first time here and it most definitely won't be my last!Vernick is one of the best restaurants in Philadelphia. Unpretentious, super fresh ingredients and immaculate preparations. There is nothing precious about the restaurant either--it feels like a casual neighborhood joint. One of my favorite things about it is that you can really choose how much to spend--splurge on a whole bunch of small plates for a special occasion or get the terrific roast chicken to keep things simple and cheap.Very much enjoyed my dinner here on a Monday night at the bar. Great food and service. Everyone was very friendly. Will be back.Great atmosphere! fantastic service! Jaw dropping awesome food!
  I hate having eat under dim lights, I tend to get sleepy and bored before apps arrive haha... The setup and lightings in the dining area was just perfect (downstairs). 
I love how chief prepare little sample dishes from the menu for guest to try out oh, and sips too. Nom nom... Yummy... 
  My group definitely pleased.
The only disappointment I had was my desert "chocolate gelato"  I love me some chocolate... Dark chocolate at that. it was extremely rich but it was good. My throat was itching and dry after every bite, I had to use milk dilute the texture. No big deal! 
I had a great  first time experience. 
 Im definitely go back!!
Great atmosphere! fantastic service! Jaw dropping awesome food!
  I hate having eat under dim lights, I tend to get sleepy and bored before apps arrive haha... The setup and lightings in the dining area was just perfect (downstairs). 
I love how chief prepare little sample dishes from the menu for guest to try out oh, and sips too. Nom nom... Yummy... 
  My group definitely pleased.
The only disappointment I had was my desert "chocolate gelato"  I love me some chocolate... Dark chocolate at that. it was extremely rich but it was good. My throat was itching and dry after every bite, I had to use milk dilute the texture. No big deal! 
I had a great  first time experience. 
 Im definitely go back!!Outstanding in every way! My new philly favorite! Mmmmm peas and bacon toast, pork belly and pear salad, and amish chicken.Wow. Totally great experience. First thing was we ordered a dirty martini and it wasn't dirty enough for my friend. We didn't complain but our server overheard us talking and unsolicited brought more juice to fix it. Just a sample of how great the service was all night. We ordered a series of small plates all of which were excellent. Father five stars are the beef tartare, the tagliatelle, the Brussels sprouts and the foie gras. The four stars were the fish with Ginger Creme fraiche and the grilled romaine. A four?  Still great. Our server was fabulous too and the wine selection. Definitely coming back here.I had been dying to go to Vernick for quite some time, and I'm elated to report it lived up to the hype. We didn't have reservations and they were booked solid, so despite it being a Saturday, my boy and I rolled the dice, hoping to catch some seats at the bar. We arrived at the perfect time for that: 6 p.m. Had we gotten there 20 minutes later, we'd have been out of luck. About 45 minutes into our meal, the bartender was informing newcomers it'd be at least a 30 minute wait. 
On that note, the two bartenders were outstanding, and very friendly. The gentleman made us two superb cocktails: The Junior and the Field Gun Envy, both tasty and unique.
The amuse bouches on the house: A sumptuous mushroom soup and a little taste of tuna tartare. Both great. The tuna was so fresh and un-fishy tasting, I wasn't sure it was even tuna. In a good way.
We shared a mushroom and crispy egg salad to start. It was delicious. Silky dressing, perfectly crispy shaved threads of celery and the egg ... oh, the egg! It was somehow thinly battered and deep fried, yet intact inside, so that when you sliced it, the yolk cascaded out beautifully onto the salad. Heaven.
Then we had a small plate of the day, which consisted of whole wheat cavatelli, goat shoulder and I believe a sauce composed of Greek yogurt and goat cheese, though these two disappeared completely. This dish was definitely the weakest, though by no means undelicious. It was hearty and filling. Oh, it had some beans, too. It was on the salty side. It was still a winner, just didn't shine as much, oh, every other thing we consumed.
After spying enviously on the neighboring diners' order, we decided to tack on a tuna poke raw dish. Holy shit. This was the champion for sure. Huge chunks of perfectly pink tuna, dressed with cilantro and macademia nuts. I feel like there was celery in this dish too. Every bite was a triumph. I almost ordered a second one.
Our main dish was the seafood and shellfish roast. It was plenty for two people. Generously sized prawns, char, bass, little clams, squid rings, very tasty green chile sausage, I believe some langostinos, baked in a cast iron pan with little potatoes, edamame, and beans. We asked for bread to soak up the superb buttery broth. Delicious.
We capped it off with a chocolatey rye dessert drink that absolutely knocked our socks off. I can't remember the name and it's not on the menu online, but it was just the right amount of sweetness to balance a delightful mouth-puckering bitter finish. It warmed me right up for the chilly walk home, during which we giddily went over each dish again in detail. I can't wait to return.Went there with a large group (7) on a Friday night and they were able to accommodate us quickly.  Very cute atmosphere; absolutely loved the music choices.  Every single drink we had was amazing and the food was just as good.   Unfortunately, I don't think this place will remain a hidden gem for long!Yet another restaurant in Philly I fell in love with.  A random yelp dining adventure turned into an amazing food experience.   My gf and I tried a variety of the menu like we usually do, here are the memorable menu items:
Beef tartar - 4/5 - The Parm worked very well with the beef.  Instead of using a normal citrus they used a mild horseradish which worked very well. Different but delicious.  The fancy toast concept seems fun.
Diver scallop. Jalapeno - 5/5  Amazing, very mild jalapeno oil with the other ingredients.  Don't want to spoil it. This is a must try!
Old fashioned - Added a lemon and orange zest peel to give it a more a kick. Solid Old Fashioned but nothing extra ordinary..  
This is a great small restaurant perfect for dates. BravoThe absolute best restaurant in Philadelphia!! Every single course is delicious and expertly prepared. I can't wait until we go back. Their wine pairings are excellent as well. I would strongly recommend this restaurant to everyone!Everything that we had ordered from beginning to the end was superb. I'd love to come back and try all then other items on the menu. I had ordered the grilled artichoke for an appy and the aioli saffron sauce was great, and I had also ordered the sea bass which was not dry but was very flavorful and moist. It also came with the best tomato sauce on the side that would have tasted great with bread or even on a pizza!Yes, you should go to Vernick. They serve amazing food. If I were in the mood to complain, I still would not have anything negative to say. Vernick now sits tied with Farm and Fisherman for my best meal in Philadelphia.
My girlfriend and I sat at the chef's table infront of the open kitchen and enjoyed watching the kitchen at work. We ordered 7 small dishes to share and found each noteworthy. We had the beef tartare with fresh horseradish and chicken liver with red onion chutney that each come served on delicious sour dough toast. The tuna poke with macadamia nuts came highly recommended by our waitress, and after tasting we agreed with her assessment. We also enjoyed a beet salad (daily special), charred Brussels sprout salad, house-made mozzarella with mango, and a ginger rice with  black trumpet mushrooms and poached egg. We saw many other items on the menu we wanted to order. We will have to go back.
Did I mention each dish tasted amazing.
While sitting at the chef's table, we started talking to the chef and owner Greg at the end of the meal. We found he used to work in New York at Jean-Georges. This explains how Vernick serves Jean-Georges quality food at Philadelphia prices. 
I strongly recommend Vernick.This is such a great place for a date night or special celebration dinner! The service was so on par, my husband and I were amazed at the staff's coordination. They  (we had several servers) were attentive without being in your face. They gave great recommendations and lead us through the menu several times as this was our first time there.
Drinks/cocktails: good beer list; hubs had an ipa from Tired Hands (love this brewery), I had a stirred cocktail with gin and egg whites. Very well done!
Toast: fromage blanc with kumquats (one of their year round selections, great flavor profile)
Leek soup....complimentary and Amazing!! They should put this on their menu....so creamy and delicious
Next we had the cauliflower and romaine salad w/ figs and cheddar. 
Followed by the yellowfin tuna and squid ink capellini with lobster (prob my favorite dish)
We ended the night with a savory rather than sweet dish and one of their signature dishes, the warm custard with parmesan artichokes...decadent choice.
We opted for more tapas/small plates so we could sample more dishes but I would like togo back and try the turbot, which I know i would really enjoy  (served as whole fish/ mp $65/ served w veggies).It was my mom's 80th birthday, and this is where she said she wanted to go. Nothing was available on OpenTable, but as the restaurant's website says, call for full availability. This is true of most good restaurants--not all of the inventory is ever on OpenTable. So...the day came, and we arrived a bit early. No problem. They led us to a table in the back (we didn't want upstairs, as my mom doesn't do stairs quite as well these days). We were in the corner, and there was an artistic pile of wood there that created a barrier and a sense of privacy. We liked it.
The menu is mostly small plates, divided into toasts, raw, vegetables and small plates, with a few larger plates as well. After consulting with our affable, knowledgeable server, we went for a pair of toasts (crab, and a chanterelle/eggplant), two raw dishes (venison tartare and an arctic char with dill, chili oil and crispy skin), a vegetable dish (beets), a small plate (a Korean-style short rib) and one larger dish, the half-chicken.
First off, pacing was leisurely--exactly what we wanted. We ended up being there for nearly three hours (and yet it didn't feel long at all), because they never brought out more than a couple dishes at a time. Service was outstanding in every way, with everyone who was taking care of us being friendly and efficient. My mom loved how they would wipe the table between courses too (which they also do at Zahav, another fave).
A bad service experience can ruin an otherwise great food experience, but it's also true that no matter how good the service is, if the food isn't good, you're not going to come back. The food here is amazing. The Arctic char we started with was sashimi-quality fish, with the dill and chili oil making the dish pop, and that crispy skin that came with it was something else. The venison too was delicious--and portions are generous too--as were the toasts. Even the bread for the toasts was wonderful and just the right texture. The short version is that everything was outstanding...until we got to the chicken. The chicken was, to put it simply, the best chicken I've ever eaten. It was wonderfully moist, impossibly flavorful, and perfectly textured. We were literally fighting over every scrap. We asked the server how it was done, and apparently it's first brined, then steamed, then finally crisped in the wood oven. Wow. Just wow.
That left dessert, which was also delicious. We shared (among the three of us) a goat's milk panna cotta (I think it was goat's milk rather than sheep's milk) with a fab crumble over it for texture (yum!) and a milk-chocolate hazelnut pie, which was delicious in its own right and topped by a cinnamon-chile ice cream that served as an awesome counterpoint. And next to the panna cotta was a candle for my mom's birthday. Perfect right to the end.
Thanks, Vernick, for making it a night to remember. While I live in LA, you'll definitely be joining Zahav on my "when I'm back in town" list, and I know my parents are already figuring out how they can work a return visit into their schedule.Exceptional from the first cocktail to the last bite of dessert.  
Unassuming from the outside, Vernick is a double decker bar and restaurant, that is flanked by an unimpressive stretch of apartment buildings, some vacant, some dilapidated. The flowers hanging from its open second floor restaurant can be mistaken for second story apartment, and its signage is small and easy to miss.  But take note, this is a serious eating establishment. 
As you walk into the first floor lounge, one immediately notices the unlabeled glass bottles of homemade elixers that line the bar.  Some are bright red, others are milky white.  Hmmm...what have we here?  Once we ordered our cocktails, our waitress notified us that the owner takes cocktails and mixology very seriously.  They painstakingly juice their cucumbers everyday in order to make cocktails like the Green Goddess (refreshing and gorgeously chartreuse), which might the beautiful potions downstairs.  She added that each cocktail on the menu has undergone serious thought and many trials.  And it shows!  Tequila is combined with hot chilis and lime to create a seriously well-balanced drink.  Absinthe  never tasted so great as in Vernick's hands.  Each drink is so perfectly conceptualized and executed, I think it exceeds those places who specialize in cocktails (cough Franklin Mortgage cough).  
Then there's the food, and the free food.  When you go to places that charge $$$$$ for a meal, you expect an amuse bouche.  Not when entree under $25.  Here, they give you TWO amuse bouches compliments of the chef.  We were given a generous shot of velvety carrot soup and then a bite of tuna tartar.  Exciting surprises and serious appetite whetters.  
Next we went with the bacon and pea toast.  A smear of what tasted like mushy peas, thinly shaved pieces of bacon and some fresh greens topped a hearty slice of sourdough.  Sweet, smoky, velvety, and clean, I was blown by the ingenuity of this simply appetizer.  For our main course, we decided to go with the dorade to share with a side of greens (which included my favorite green of all time - pea shoots!).  The dorade was deboned through the middle, stuffed with a citrusy fennel salad, and cooked to perfection - juicy on the inside, crispy on the outside.  While the fish was exception, I was blown away by the details.  The fish came with a couple hearts of seared romaine, simple but seasoned.  Yes!  Someone who understand that vegetables need love (seasoning) too!  The entree also had a few shishito peppers sprinkled around the plate with the fish.  I didn't realize you could find shishito peppers served in Philly until that night.  (Bonus, the waitress explained that the chef/owner's love of the peppers came from his stint in Japan).  Lastly, the fish came with wedges of lemon and lime that were cut so that the wedge would be naturally seedless and easy to squeeze.  This cut is more wasteful for the restaurant, so definitely not cost effective.  What service!  This attention to detail would make any attorney cry for joy.
Finally, the dessert.  Dessert is many times a toss away at a restaurant, but not here.  I ordered it in part, as a skeptic who was betting to be let down.  We got the frozen croquant.  OMG it is itself worthy of a visit.  I'm not sure what each layer is comprised of, but the combination makes up a giant frozen rectangle of chocolate and hazelnut goodness spread across crunchy wafers: in short a kit kat bar.  Probably the best single piece of dessert I've had in recent memory.  This, following perfect drinks and a perfect meal, was mind-blowing.  
Not to be completely out-shined by the food & drink, the service was perfect.  Friendly, knowledgable, attentive, but not at all intrusive.  Special shout out to Alicia and her colleagues who made the meal superb.  
I know this review had some painful details that normal folks may not care a lick about, but I wanted to alert the chef that I noticed your attention to details and I am incredibly, incredibly impressed.The food quality at Vernick is very good, that part definitely lived up to the hype. The service on the other hand was not very good considering the price point. For this price point I would expect some explanation of each dish being served, and just basic attentiveness was lacking. It seems like servers might have too many tables.Everything about the place is amazing. The food is incredibly inventive and tasty. The service is great. Well designed space.FINALLY got to dine at Vernick's! I spent weeks waking up super early to try and get a 6:30-7:30 reservation to no avail (they only allow reservations 60 days in advance). I finally caved and settled for 5:45 reservation on a Friday night (still 60 days out though). It was well worth the wait; this meal was fantastic!!!
There are two sections of the restaurant - the bar area and the dining area. Each area could probably seat about 25 people (which explains why it's so hard to get a reservation). The dining area is very small and romantic with an open-kitchen concept.
The menu has a lot of unique dishes, so we decided to order multiple smaller dishes to share rather than two entrees. The menu is broken down into five categories: On Toast, Raw, Vegetables, Small Plates, and Large Plates. 
From the On-Toast section we ordered the broccoli with bacon jam and a lobster/celery/avocado special. I didn't try the broccoli one because I don't eat meat, but my boyfriend loved it. The lobster/celery/avocado one was delicious and actually quite large.
From the Raw section we ordered arctic char with crispy skin and the sea urchin with warm scrambled eggs. I would recommend both. The sea urchin probably isn't for everyone - especially those who don't like different textures - but I enjoyed it.
From the Vegetables section we ordered the black-pepper cauliflower and the potato pavé. Both were amazing, and I'm not usually a potato person. I would definitely order both again.
From the Small Plates section we ordered the tuna with mint and the duck prosciutto. Again, I don't eat meat, so I didn't try the prosciutto, but my boyfriend loved it. The tuna was the best I've ever had; high quality with the sides seared every-so slightly. The pepper on the sides and the creamy mint concoction on the side really elevated the dish - this one was the clear favorite for both of us. 
I already made a reservation to come back in another two months!!! I believe they change the menu frequently, so I'm excited to try some new dishes next time!YES!
F YES!
YES!
The best restaurant in Philly hands down. Chef is a total rock star. Each dish is better then the next. INSANE!One of the best meals I've had in a looooong time!!
The chicken liver toast was to die for.   Everything we had was amazing.
The staff was knowledgeable friendly and overall accommodating. 
Can't wait to go again!Holy bejeezus. I am pretty sure that is literally what I said when we finished our meal.  This place was a-ma-zing...probably one of my top 3 meals in Philly since we moved here. 
Had a girls dinner and we ordered a large amount of everything - toasts, small plates, a couple large plates and the infamous blueberry pie. Yes, you need to make sure you save room for the pie. I would reco going with a couple folks and ordering a bunch of small plates to share...the large plates were pretty good but the small plates (esp the toasts) really stood out. Def must go back!!Great food at a reasonable price. Prepare to spend an hour and a half because service is really slow.Great food, but PLEASE LAY OFF THE SALT!  Salt covered up the otherwise excellent flavors, not enhanced them.I wasn't wowed by Vernick for 1 big reason..my service was struggling.  It could have been a fluke.  I could go through a longggg diatribe about them taking forever to seat us even though there was no line and we had a reze etc but I won't.  I'll spare you.  My main issue is that it took 15 to 20 minutes for our drinks to come out.  On a Saturday night?  That's borderline cruel and indecent punishment.  I know my waitress did not make the drinks so the bartender should get 50 lashes for being the slowest cocktail maker on earth BUT..the server that couldn't was MIA the entire time.  When she finally came back and noticed me drinking another table's cocktail, she got the memo real quick.  She ran right back downstairs to see what was going on with our drinks and promptly brought them to us.  I also took note that there was a manager (or host but I think manager) helping to clean tables off and she was so busy wiping and resetting the tables that she happened to miss my "I'm going to flip a table if I don't get my cocktail" look.  I guess I'm not as fierce as I thought.  Besides the booze issue, the food was excellent so I'll give them another chance..but don't make me wait 15 min for another cocktail Vernick!  You're better than that!It doesn't get any better than this.  If you want to feel special this is the place to come.  Try to get the chef's table.  You can watch the food being made, and get some great samples from the kitchen.   It is like watching coreography. 
The bar is amazing!  The wine list extensive and their bar is as good if not better than any New York or Boston's best!  It is one of the best that Philadelphia has to offer.  
You won't be dissapointed.  Vernick is New York and Boston rolled into one. Enjoy, we did, and can't wait to return.  Call for reservations.  They will however do their best to fit you in.
This place is special to the Philadelphia scene! Enjoy it!Put simply: this was one of the best meals I've ever had.
We had reservations (from months out) for date night (1-week to our wedding!), and had really high hopes after reading up on all of the crazy praise that Vernick has received. Lucky for us, Vernick met and exceeded both of our expectations.
The venue is simply decorated and not overly formal, making the restaurant accessible and limiting the stuffiness of being such a highly-reviewed place. Our waitress, Dawn, was really great: attentive, knowledgable, and happy to answer the couple questions we had regarding the menu. Also, for how highly-reviewed Vernick is, I totally expected staff to have an air of over-confidence and to be slightly cocky, but that was totally not the case. Everyone smiled, was friendly, and even walking through the restaurant, the staff is quick to slide out of patrons way - a small detail that I noticed very quickly, and was delighted.
Drinks: I had a Junior and an Old Fashioned (my stand-by), and both were great. Junior was ice-cold and refreshing, and the OF was a VERY generous size (although I would have preferred rye over the Old Granddad that they use).
Food: the FOOD! Oh my goodness gracious... unbelievable. We started with broccoli and bacon on toast - great, smokey BBQ flavor, but not overly heavy, on nice, soft toast. Next was sea urchin and eggs - looks like a dessert, and immediately joined my all-time best dish list. It's so light, fluffy, and tasteful - just shut up and get it. I had the beef coulotte, which was also outstanding, especially the spicy peanut sauce that accompanies the beef and bok choy. The brussels sprouts were a perfect side - tons of flavor and a great portion to keep us from feeling too unhealthy about everything else we'd eaten. I also had a quick bite of the fiancee's egg fettucini and a mushroom dish that I forget the details about, but both were, as expected, wonderful. We both had the petite brownie (little $3 guy), which was a perfect way to complete the meal - sweet and satisfying without being a grossly over-sized portion. I can without any hesitation that this is the most comfortable I've ever been with spending nearly $200 on a dinner for two.
What made the meal the Ultimate: our table was slightly rocky when we sat down and I kept a foot on one of the legs to keep it from rocking too much. Removing a plate, the busser noticed the rocking and IMMEDIATELY ducked under the table to fix the table - a 5 second fix that was totally uncalled for, but 100% appreciated and above-and-beyond the call of duty. It seems silly, but it was the final stamp where I knew I loved Vernick.
They do great work - this is a damn-near perfect restaurant. Go, as soon as you're able.As regular fans of Philly from NY, Vernick has become a must-visit destination each time.
While the food produced in Vernick's open kitchen is spectacular in its own right (top seafood prep in the area), it is the people that serve as this establishment's ambassadors that put it over the top.
Visit Vernick & you may end up becoming a regular.Tried this restaurant for the second time tonight. It's a cocktail, desert place only either before a night out or after, wouldn't really recommend this place in its current set up. Staff are friendly, food is ok.My favorite unique restaurant. It's a must go. Desserts were so interesting and subtly flavorful.Love the small plates and how all the plates were 8 or more out of 10, with several 9s or 10s! Great service and atmosphere, although a little hard to hear your dining companion.
Crab toast - delicious! Loaded with crab meat and melted in the mouth without seeming too buttery at all
Cauliflower - perfectly grilled and seasoned - not too peppery but just right. Really nice use of multiple colors!
Pea ravioli with rabbit - fantastic but maybe didn't need the whole pea and mint leave garnish. They were nice but the dish was excellent without them.
Parmesan custard - very nice and rich but the chanterelles were not as good as the ones we had at Bibou the night before!
Lamb chops - incredibly tender and not fatty at all! The carrot Harissa and white sauce were fantastic. Had me picking up the bone to get the last bits and licking my fingers by the end!
Drinks were good. Wife enjoyed the sake - we were a little surprised to see it on the menu, but it makes sense with all the raw fish served. Could use a better beer list. Rum and raspberryBelieve the hype. The service is impeccable, atmosphere is warm, and food is killer. The chicken from the brick oven was so good that I ordered another for dessert.All in all this is a solid restaurant.  It is a little loud upstairs due to the low ceiling but the ambiance is great and it was warm so the doors to the balcony were open and it was delightful.
The menu is small and they try to make it interesting which they manage to a degree.  Their little signature item as a starter which is a variation of bruschetta.  Toast cut into thirds with a topping such as chicken liver etc. and they were nothing special.  The menu features small dishes which are really appetizers and the Octopus was outstanding.  The main's were pretty good, the Halibut was very nice while the seared pork was not quite as good as I anticipated.  
I'd say the food is overpriced in general as is the wine list.  It's a very nice spot but can you do better for the money?  Probably, in a town like Philly.Vernik  is the best!  Their bar is amazing and the food never a dissapointment. Try for reservations, Vernick is no longer a secret.  One of the BEST PHILLY has to offer. The service is top notch and makes everyone feel like they are special.  You won't be disappointed. The bar, and its selection of the best wines and spirits rivals wirh NY and Boston.  It was written up in the  Wall  Street Journal.  One of the best bars in the East Coast.  A true journey through great food a a very special bar.  The food amazing, the bar an art!Good food, a little pricey, but that is what you get at any Rittenhouse establishment.  I would definitely come back. If you're going to make a reservation, make it advance (3 weeks) prior.I've come here about 3 or 4 times and the food is always delicious. We came in just for drinks and ended up getting spinach and fontina toast and fried green tomatoes. Awesome. The toasts are always delicious and unique. And fried green tomatoes may sound plain but these were exceptional. Pricey place but worth it.As a new person to Philly we thought we could go eat at any of the nearby restaurants without a problem. To our avail every place we went to around 7PM on a Friday night was completely booked with over 2 hours wait time.
At Vernick we talked to the Hostess and she made sure that we were able to get a seat without reservations within 30min. We were very pleased with our service during our time there.
Along with the service the food was amazing! For a fancy night on the town this is a great place to go.....Bill came to around $100 for 2 (2 entrees and an app)Our long-anticipated meal began with not one but two amuse-bouches as we pored through the tantalizing menu, contemplating which dishes merited ordering tonight and which should be left for an inevitable future visit - reservation scarcity be damned.   The first amuse was an espresso-sized shot of leek and fennel soup with the thumb-sized Gruyere puff, the second, a few slices of raw Japanese fish dressed with a spicy oil and something unidentifiable and crunchy to road out the texture:  both were terrific warm-up acts for our multi-course virtuoso culinary performance.
One section of the menu highlights inventive concoctions served on grilled sourdough bread, and we elected to go for two of the sweeter and mellower offerings.  The pumpkin and brown butter toast was created by pureeing a roasted butternut squash after it had hung overnight to eliminate all of the residual liquid, giving it a thick and almost buttery consistency.  We also loved the fromage blanc with pickled kumquats, a collision of creamy, tangy, and tart that contrasted nicely with some of the more piquant dishes of the meal. 
We went back to the raw fish theme by indulging in the striped jack with avocado and grilled jalapeno oil.  Whoever thought of grilled jalapeno oil is a genius, and heating the peppers clearly dials back the spice ever-so-slightly and gives it a subtler and more balanced flavor.  The fish was fresh and succulent, and to top it off there were small coin-sized slices of red grapes scattered along the plate.  
Picking a favorite dish here would be like deciding where you would go if you had a free trip to anyplace in the world:  just too many fantastic options.  After a bit of hemming and hawing we settled on two that stood out above the rest.  The grilled heart of romaine with figs and razor-thin slices of aged cheddar, topped with a buttermilk and herb dressing, was a masterpiece.  It's hard to overstate the delectable metamorphosis that fire creates in the  humble, workmanlike romaine: grilling should be standard treatment, whenever possible.  
The co-champion of the evening were the thick ribbons of black pepper pappardelle tossed with Tuscan kale and a hearty boar ragout, which had clearly been cooked at a modest temperature for an impressively long time, much to our benefit.  We went all the way with the black pepper motif by ordering the black pepper roasted cauliflower to accompany the pasta.  Each small floret seemed to sing with a spice profile of its own, a blissful alchemy of the pepper, cloves, allspice, star anise, and coriander.  Alas, I did not identify each spice on my own, as imaginative wine writers claim to do when they claim to find "hints of leather" in their cabs.  
We couldn't justify skipping dessert given the exquisite quality of the meal, and we'd seen one offering sweep by us numerous times already:  the apple crisp with creme fraiche ice cream and chili caramel.  Sure enough, it was divine, and the crisp was a fairly thick, moderately sweet combination of oats and nuts and the ice cream was terrific.   The chili caramel played only a cameo role but it's charms were noted.
Our server was extremely attentive and genuinely interested in our enjoyment of the meal, checking back frequently but unobtrusively, ready with a helpful answer to each of our many questions.The most overpriced and overrated restaurant in the city.
Food is uniformly mediocre.
Service is poor. A constantly changing cast of characters (servers is a  misnomer) showed they couldn't have cared less about us.
The noise level is overwhelming and conversation inhibited.
The menu prices are far in excess of what is fair for the uniformly poor food.
Dishes which should have been served hot were repeatedly served warm, at best.
Through ignorance or intention, ingredients were misrepresented  by bored waitpeople (i.e., malt is not vanilla).
No one working here cares about customers and the general lack of interest is constantly reinforced.
Don't bother climbing the steps to the dining room. Definitely go elsewhere (or stay home).New favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. I believe their menu is updated frequently, so there's constantly great new items. We ordered 6 plates to share between two people and the total was around $70 each. Get the jack- so good, a great start to the meal. We ordered the blackened cauliflower TWICE. Once for an appetizer, and once for dessert. Make a reservation at least two months in advance if you want to eat at a normal time and not 930pm.Top quality ingredients, mediocre cooking skills.
I had very high expectations for Vernick but I got somewhat disappointed. The portion is relatively big so we had one small plate one big plate each.
Sea urchin with eggs has a nice presentation. Sea urchin is very fresh but the transition between cold foam and warm eggs is very strange. 
Grilled sea bass is very salty and the fried broccoli is greasy. 
My guests' wagyu beef is very tasty but the roast chicken is salty too. 
Also the server talked a lot with other customers but barely said anything with us...Oh my lovely perfect Vernick.  Told Ryan the GM that I would give them 5 stars even though it's like against my entire moral code.  Morons on Yelp! giving everything 5 stars "Hey I'm an idiot loser who knows nothing and gives everything 5 stars! yay!"  Vernick actually deserves it.  Their food is so ridiculously good.  Every bite amazing and to be cherished.  Super-Chef Vernick is in the kitchen at all times, eyeing everything that comes out of there with a relentless precision that is uncanny, intimidating, fantastic and inspiring.  If it doesn't meet his discerning approval, it's going in the trash and the cook on the line may get taken outside for a back-alley beating (this is how a restaurant is supposed to be run when you have a dedicated  food genius killer at the helm - and these "pep talks" clearly keep things running smoothly).  I have never had a bad bite there, from the small plates to one of the best bone-in steaks I have ever eaten (wood burning oven folks) - they crush it like Alexander the Great will crush your puny army.  The service is nothing short of spectacular.  Everyone will try and remember your name, they are flawless with their witty banter, appropriate times to joke and be serious, appropriate times to engage you and then leave you to your awesome meal.  Amazingly - their drinks are just about as good as their food.  Vincent, one of the managers who runs the "drink operation" is one of the best mixologists I have ever had the pleasure of being served by.  The other ladies and gentlemen behind the bar are no exception.  They have competitions between the 'tenders to create new and inspired cocktails and see who is the best and who's just 1/100000th of a  millimeter behind - because they're all damn good.  Homemade bitters, Dolin vermouth like they've bought the entire world stock, homemade syrups...  They have a lot of classic cocktails (best manhattan I've ever had, best Sazerac I have ever had) - but also get crazy inventive (I've had the manhattan 10 different ways and can't figure out which is the best it makes my head spin).  Tell them what you like and they'll make a legendary cocktail to blow your brain out the back of your head (I've had to pick up pieces of my brain several times).  Wine and other drinks are awesome, rotating tap selection of some tasty treat beers - Ryan "sleeps on" what he's ordering for wine and it's excellent (legenadry Bandol Rose magnum - oh yeah).
My only complaint???  It's too damn good I spend all my money!!!!!  Love these guys hope they continue to run one of the best drinking and dining operations I have ever had the pleasure of visiting in the entire world (and yes -it's here in Philly).
To those of you actually giving less than 5 stars, I was on the verge of gnawing off my hand to prevent from clicking post because it's that difficult for me to do it - you all know nothing - go back to Buddakan or El Vez - losers.Perfect food, perfect service.  An original and affordable wine list with very good wines one rarely sees in the US, also by the glass. The branzino was the best I have had in a long long time.I love Vernick. The food and service here are always terrific. 
You can't miss the crab on toast and the rest of the menu is simple but perfect. 
The staff is friendly and very professional. I especially liked Caleb.Best restaurant in philly. Food was great. Get one of everything. Drinks were great. Everyone working was in such a good mood.This place is great! Our waiter Caleb was as passionate about their food as their great chef! His advice is spot on.
We started with the Island Creek oysters which were the best ever! Caleb suggested to try one as is with no accompaniment and boy he was right - unbelievably fresh and tasty!! My wife said the ginger and citrus accompaniment was great but I stayed the course eating them as is!
Then we had the pumpkin and brown toast which was out of this world!
Then on to the black pappardelle pasta with lamb ragout - wow!
And then we split the world's best fresh Lancaster roasted chicken - oh my!
This all paired well with their Brea Chardonnay house wine!
Last but certainly not least was the roasted date cake topped with some crazy good coconut gelato and a delicious caramel based sauce!!!
We plan to go again! Thank you to YELP and to some foody folks we met up at the Carversville Inn in Bucks County PA (one of our go to places) who recommended Vernick!Have not eaten at Vernick Food & Drink, yet. I've heard t hat the service and food is excellent. I am looking forward to eating there some time soon.  I have sat at the bar and enjoyed the cocktails. Vincent is a great bartender. He started me with a sazerac, probably one of the best I've ever had. Next, Veuve Carre definitely the best VC I've ever had. The Czech Sour was incredible as well. Had a couple more,one was a very well made cognac old fashioned and the other I can't remember (after the Czech Sour, things got a bit hazy)! But a definite shout out to Vincent. He's very polite, friendly and extremely skilled in his craft.  I've only given this establishment 4 stars because I haven't eaten here yet. Will report back as soon as I do!Very nice rustic atmosphere. There is a trendy vibe that is subtle enough to keep the food interesting without straying so far into the experimental as to overwhelm the guest.
The food I was served was all very good, in particular, the tuna poke was very bright and light and really emphasized the tuna rather than masking it with other distracting flavors and textures. The tagliatelle was likewise very good with a rich ragout that warms and rejuvenates the body in the winter months.
The party I dined with, as was suggested by the friendly staff, dined family style; particularly so with the large plates (or entrees). The cod was a very nice dish that was complimented interestingly with an oxtail tortellini. Additionally, the delicate sea bass was complimented quite nicely from the bold, earthy, and rich tomato sauce. The rack of lamb was my favorite of the dishes and incorporated a pureed carrot with harissa spice that added a depth of flavor that was really lovely.
The desserts were fairly non traditional, and I thought they were interesting albeit definitely the weakest part of the meal. Of the ones I tried, I thought the cheesecake was the best, and the date cake was a nice deviation from the standard albeit just a tad too sweet. I would've liked a purely chocolate-based dessert, but other members of my party really liked the chocolate-pumpkin pie.
Overall, a great experience with a cool vibe. Would highly recommend as a first date spot as it is not overwhelmingly posh or expensive, very intimate, and offers a wide variety of great options that can be shared.Sat upstairs for our anniversary dinner. The staff were sweet enough to send over some champagne to start off our celebration!
 Our server was so knowledgeable about the food preparation and wines!  Awesome beef tartare with horseradish and parmesan,  then a lamb bacon/watermelon with tapenade that should not have worked but did!  The Parmesan custard, though, overpowered the artichoke slivers that were more like frizzled onion.  But the duck breast entree was incredible.  And like everyone else, we loved the blueberry pie with lemon buttermilk ice cream.
Hope to visit again soon!  Thanks for making our special night memorable!My favorite date night place! Service is amazing and food has never let us down!  I have to rave about the Roasted chicken-awesome, we literally get it every time we go even if it's just to take home!Great food and service, would eat there more often if it was easier to get a reservation.Definitely make time to have drinks before dinner, a must!  Service was wonderful and we loved that ALL of the staff went out of their way to say Happy Anniversary during our night out. As for the cuisine, we enjoyed most of the dishes but nothing was over the top exceptional for the price.Made the reservation through Open Table.  I did mark that the occasion was our anniversary.  That is the only indication the restaurant received that we were there for a special reason.  The first thing the server did was congratulate us and provide us with a complimentary glass of champagne.  Classy.  Our dinner was delightful and memorable.  Thanks to all.Superb. Lots of hype but well-deserved. Food unique and uniformly excellent. Pork Milanese, tuna starter, service, vibe all great. Highly recommend as a place that lives up to (and perhaps exceeds) the hype.Our table had over 18 different dishes ranging from fantastic to inedible.  This place either needs to bring up the consistency and quality given their prices, or they need to keep serving what they are serving and lower the prices.  Would I eat here again if a friend invited me to?  Yes.  Do I dream about going back?  No.
PROS:
* Great place on a warm night with the whole front of the building opening up.
* Quiet-ish for a restaurant this size.  Nice to be able to have conversation.  (We were there at 9 pm on a Sunday night.)
* Unpretentious service.
* Parm custard with artichokes was excellent; skate wing nice and salty crust; good sea bass; good duck confit.
* Wonderful Pimm's Cups and great sour beer.
* Super accommodating of a serious dairy allergy in our group.  Went out of their way to ask if anyone else at the table had allergies or aversions to anything.
CONS:
* At $8 for a piece of pea and bacon toast, it better melt in my mouth and this did not.  The spicy cauliflower had zero flavor other than handfuls of pepper dumped on it.  The grilled artichoke also came with a sauce that was again, just spice and zero room for any other subtle flavors to come through.  A lot of the items we had I know I could have made better in my own kitchen. 
* Their sauces are off and just don't bring a dish together as they should.  The pile of gruel that my skate wing was sitting on top of was inedible.  I ate around it.  Every sauce or dressing I tasted seemed to be missing some ingredients.  Except for the parm custard, nothing made me want to lick my plate clean.
* I was still hungry for dessert.  The carrot cake tasted like something from an airport coffee shop: bland, dry, lacking flavor and an unimpressive excuse for frosting.  Carrot cake is not hard to execute and if you cannot make a good one in a restaurant of this caliber, something is wrong.  
* Pacing of dinner was way off.  There were huge gaps of time in between them bringing out different courses.  They cleared some of our plates before we were finished and didn't bring new plates for half of the table for the next course.  I'm not too picky about this kind of thing at an average restaurant, but at a $32 entrees and $15 - $18 small plates, I expect a lot more attention to detail.Loved the food here. The service was attentive even offered us drinks while we waited for our table to be ready. Lots of vegetarian options and the staff was quick to recommend different options she thought we would like based on what we told her. A great experience! Worth checking out and great cocktails !Both my husband and I loved the entire meal, smoked trout app, grilled sea bas and steamed halibut were amazing.  And loved my cuban? drink, a twist on a mojioto. Definately would go back!!An anniversary meal and it was wonderful as always. We had an early seating so the dining room was mostly empty - by even as it filled the room had a great vibe, never too loud. 
Complimentary sparkling wine- and marvelous pea hummus flavorful and perfect for a warm summer night, Arctic char- amazing as always, smoked trout salad, corn agnolotti and the prized roast chicken ( tonight maybe a bit too salty). 
Everything was postcard perfect. The dessert - peach tea cake was a bit dry - but the staff made us feel special and well taken care of all evening.
I did feel the meal felt a bit rushed during the early courses - but we sat and relaxed over dessert and coffee. 
This is our favorite restaurant in Philadelphia. Thanks for a memorable meal.A+ meal at Vernick last night.
We were early for our reservation so we started at the bar. I had the Meyer lemon and it was great. Not as spirit forward as I like but a lovely, balanced drink. 
Upstairs for dinner we were seated by the window. Nice table for two. Had a second drink (don't recall the name) with matcha syrup and it was amazing. Everything I wanted.
On to the food:
-crab on toast: simple dish but really nice flavor. I recommend if you like Maryland crab--which I do!
-steak tartar on toast: whoa! Flavor explosion. I liked this toast the best.
-butternut squash tortellini: when this came I thought, "how can they top the tartar toast?" This pasta made me change my mind. I loved it. The sweetness was balanced by a salty broth that worked amazingly together. I wanted more! Perfect fall/winter flavors.
-Amish chicken: when I ordered this my husband thought I was crazy because he thought it sounded boring. He ended up eating half my plate it was sooooo good! Like quite possibly the best roast chicken I ever had. We both commented that we will be back for that chicken (and the pasta if they still have it!)
Not sure why the other reviewers complained about service because it was topnotch for me! Our server was very friendly and the entire staff was very attentive.I have been trying to get reservations here for awhile and it has never worked out.  I had reservations at another restaurant for this evening, but kept checking with Vernick for a cancellation.  The stars aligned and we scored a last minute 6pm reservation.  The location itself is fantastic, a block or so off of Rittenhouse Square.  The restaurant had a lively lounge / bar downstairs, and the main seating portion was upstairs.  Music was great, and the service impeccable.  We started with the beef tartare toast and it was truly fantastic.  The sourdough was nicely charred, with beef tartare and grated horseradish.  It really doesn't get better than that.  Having said that, it was followed by impeccably executed octopus!  Our children had the roasted chicken and loved every single bite.  For our mains we had the sea bass and the beef coulotte.  Both were amazing, but I have to say the sea bass was kind of another level - the fire roasted tomato sauce - OMG.  All in all I don't have a bad word to say about this restaurant.  Everything was outstanding and I will be back!Wife and I decided to come to Philly for our 4 year anniversary and she decided to rsvp here.  Made reservations for 1030PM on a Saturday night and walked in at 930PM to sit at the bar instead.  Gotta say, sitting at the bar was the better move because the bartenders were such a delight to talk to.  
Having looked at the menu, it didn't seem too impressive on paper, but once the food came out, it was a completely different story.  The bartender told us about the evening special they were running, which was a Spanish Mackerel with a Concord Grape Sauce and some other sauce.  Damn, was this delicious!  The Mackerel isn't the same kind of mackerel that you'd find at a sushi shop; it's not extremely salty and briney of the ocean. Instead, it's cleaner with a hint if sweetness with some saltiness at the end.  Much softer and not as firm.  Together with the grape sauce, it made the fish stand out more on the pallet.
Another raw plate that we ordered was the Sea Bream which was accompanied by a yuzu and green apple sauces with tiny pickled cucumbers balls.  This was amazing too as it brought together the play of sweet and salty again with soft and firm textures from the fish and cucumbers.  
The third raw that we ordered was the sea urchin.  This was one dish that we didn't like too much.  The yogurt on top was too overpowering, even after mixing it all with the soft eggs on the bottom.  You just didn't get enough urchin in each bite.  It was all creamy to realize that there was much urchin, but you'd still notice it, slightly.  The urchin didn't feel like it was the star of the show for this one.  
For the toast, we ordered the beef tartar.  Lots of clean earthy and beefy flavors with just enough parmesean cheese for the saltiness.  The toast was a little too toasted, with burnt black ends.  The center cut tasted the best.
For dessert, we ordered the Pumpkin Panna Cotta, which was delicately soft and creamy with huge flavors of pumpkin and spices with just a hint of tartness from the balsamic drizzled on top.  To contrast the texture, almond cookie bits were present for the picking.
Overall, we would definitely come back and would definitely invite others and recommend.  This establishment really knows their stuff and would be a perfect 5 star if the toast wasn't burnt and the urchin was more forward in flavor.This place is top notch. The entire staff gives excellent service to make the dining experience great. The cocktails are solid, and the food is amazing. For the entree I had the pork chop, which is probably the best pork chop I have ever had. Well done Vernick!Now this is a great Resturant...Great food,great service well worth every cent you pay...Without a doubt 1 of the 5 best resturants in the city ...Do not miss this placeGood ingredients, creative combinations...my favorite is the beef tartare and horseradish toastI can not get enough of this place. The worst part is that it takes forever to get a reservation, but that speaks to the demand and great food that Vernick has!  I want every toast when I come in here! I've tried the Maryland crab, beef tartar, ham and Brie and I couldn't choose a favorite even if I tried. They're all delicious and on the most wonderful toast. I also got the beets with sheep's milk ricotta. The ricotta was like butter. So silky smooth and full of flavor. Both times I was here I got the chicken for dinner. I typically shy away from things that I would make at home, but this is something you could never replicate at home. I believe they first brine it, then steam it and then put it in a wood fire grill to finish cooking and get a crisp on it. The flavor and tenderness is unbelievable. Go here (if you can get in)!!Thank you for a memorable meal tonight! 
VF&D was booked, so my co-worker and I sat at the bar, enjoyed a nice apertivo, and had dinner. The accommodating young lady "mixologist" created a custom craft cocktail - equal parts Averna Amaro & Lock, Stock & Barrel Limited Release 13 Year Old Straight Rye Whiskey. She shaved a fresh orange and did what many bartenders do not do...she gave it an elegant & experienced twist to release the orange oil essence in the properly chilled glass. It was smooth as silk, and I told her she needed to name the drink after herself! A lot of fun talking with her, and she was extremely attentive.
The meal was just as good...I had the Atlantic Cod with Rock Shrimp with base. It was extremely fresh and nicely flavored. What can I say, I loved it. My friend had the Venison with Brussel Sprouts and he gave thumbs up. Service was excellent.
The space is typical Philly....small and intimate. 
Low and behold we sat with none other than Mr. Georges Perrier (Le Bec Fin) himself and thoroughly had one of the most fun times ever. Even though I moved from Philly over 10 years ago, it was nice to see the next generation of creative chefs following their passion in Center City Philly. Seeing GeorgeP enjoying himself said a lot!
I will return with my foodie Iron Chef wife!!!! Thank you again for a nice memory. Kudos to everyone at VF&D working tonight.Bunch of friends and I sat down and ordered about half the menu, which included most of the ocean. Everything was delicious.
The amuse bouche was okay - I'm not a fan of peas, but those that were enjoyed it. 
Sea Urchin and pickled ramps on toast were very nice. It's the first time I had sea urchin and I like the smooth, savory-ness of the dish. A bit too much egg, but I persevered. The grilled romaine was one of my favorite bites of the night - bet you didn't know grilled lettuce was awesome. 
Salmon was on special the night I was there. Glad I ordered it - cooked perfectly on a bed of pollenta and basil...stuff. Foam? Anyway, I wasn't sure what the basil stuff was but I ate it. 
The pork was cooked perfectly and was nice and tender.
The bass had a nice flavor, not too fishy at all. 
The staff was very nice and good about answering questions. We ate our way through the menu slowly, and had no problems. Good with the drinks, too.Toast and small plates are my life here. This place doesn't need any more acclaim by schmucks like me but I spend my time looking at eggs now thinking "Man how do I turn this into that delicious sea urchin and scrambled eggs business from Vernick?" The answer is I can't. Ugh. Sorry bank account.Delicious all around. Preferred the appetizers to the main courses especially the raw selection. Artic char, island creek oysters, grilled heart of romaine, and beef tartare were my favorites. Only downside was the service. The waitress rolled her eyes multiple times but probably had a stressful day. The food, however, more than made up for it.Must first remark on the fantastic, friendly, and professional service we experienced throughout our time at Vernick Food & Drink. Even passing by staff on the way in and out, we received smiles and welcoming words.
Overall, our meal was delicious and memorable and the decor pleasant. The ceilings on the first floor toward the back are low, but somehow the room is designed so even with the number of people in the room, we were able to hear one another perfectly. One note: the banquette is uncushioned and the standalone chair only lightly cushioned, so by the end of the 2.5-hour meal, some were a little uncomfortable.
We started with a complimentary anniversary toast of champagne, which led to a taster of absolutely scrumptious sunchoke soup and a little puff of cheesy bread. Both drinks were highly praised: a well-balanced, generously-poured Old Fashioned and an awesome spiced grapefruit soda (tasted like the spice was ginger-based). YUM! We continued with a smoked trout and rillette toast (especially loved the perfectly-cut sourdough bread, lightly toasted, and the salmon roe!), which was spot on in terms of seasoning. That was served with our order of sea urchin, yogurt, and warm scrambled eggs, which my dinner companion loved (he loves sea urchin!)--I thought it was tasty (especially the tang of the yogurt), but I'm just not a fan of the texture. Next we had the wagyu beef pastrami (incredible!), giardiniera (who doesn't love pickled vegetables?), crème fraîche and caraway and the warm chanterelle mushroom tart--one of my favorites of the night. The turbot was served bone-in in a rich and almond-filled sauce Amandine--so buttery and yet light! We finished the night sharing the Jewish apple cake served with honey ice cream and chamomile caramel with espresso and biscotti--I wished the apples were baked into the apple cake, rather than deconstructed on the side, but it was tasty overall (and the chamomile caramel was fantastic)!
Would definitely return for another special occasion!Since my first review, I've been to Vernick a few times for drinks, where the drinks have been strong and expertly mixed, the food as good as my first experience, and the service always friendly and knowledgeable. The reason for this updated review: Dessert.
My boyfriend and I returned last night since I had the carrot cake at one of my drinks outings and could not talk about anything else the next day. I can't remember exactly what was on the dessert menu my first time there, but I'm pretty sure it has been revamped with more comfort-food like offerings. 
We ordered the carrot cake and blueberry tart. First and foremost here: the carrot cake. It is literally the best carrot cake I've ever eaten. The cake itself is moist, flavorful, not overly sweet, and somehow almost delicate. But I think the kicker is the icing--no heavy cream cheese icing here. Instead, there are light, velvety, and luxurious vanilla (but still with the heart of a creamy cheese taste) layers. And there were crunchy bits of dehydrated carrot cake on top, which added a fun texture to the experience and playfulness to the concept.
The blueberry pie: a surprising interpretation and successful execution. It was almost like a blueberry muffin translated into an individual pie form. The crust is almost cakey, with a sugary top and homemade, dough-can-barely-contain-the berry-goodness presentation. The dish was served with a lovely, elegant vanilla gelato.
I will certainly return, and love that the experience is equally friendly and attentive whether you are here for dinner, drinks, or dessert.We sat at the chef's table and had an exceptionally amazing time. For starters we ordered foi gras toast and its was overwhelmingly flavorful, salty and sweet. The sea scallop small plate also compiles so many amazing flavors we were almost licking the dish clean. I ordered red snapper for dinner and was pretty full by time it arrived but would never have not enjoyed every bite. Other favs are the mushroom tart, raw arctic char, and sea urchin (not usually my favorite but was prepared xtra special). The only dish that we would not order again was the squid ink pasta. Though it was creative, being a little spicy, it did not campare with flavor robustness of the other dishes. We ordered the Meyers ice cream sandwich for dessert. Yumm. Also, to mention, the staff made us feel very welcomed for a birthday celebration. Fantastic food drinks and fun at the chef's table.Vernick is EASILY my favorite restaurant in the city, I've lived here for 4 years, been to easily over 100 restaurants, and Vernick is it for me. I've been here between 5 and 10 times and I've always be more than satisfied. We ptsd for the tuna poke, beef tartar on toast (my personal favorite), peas and bacon on toast, potatoes, the grilled octopus and romaine hearts with cheddar. All of which were amazing, but we did agree next time we might just get two beef tartar because its absolutely to die for. For desert we had key lime pie and their dark chocolate cake, which again, blew us both away. In the past we've tried almost everything else on the menu and I've never been disappointed with a single dish. 
If I had to recommend anything, I would say the beef tartar and the tuna poke. They are by far the best dishes I've had in the city. ***Also, tapas is the way to go here, they have so many great dishes, I wouldn't want to limit myself to one large dish. Service was also great, as always. We will return again and again!Delicious all around. Preferred the appetizers to the main courses especially the raw selection. Artic char, island creek oysters, grilled heart of romaine, and beef tartare were my favorites. Only downside was the service. The waitress had no expression and tended towards an eye-rolling attitude. But the food made up for it.Small plates are insanely delicious, especially the toasts! Drinks are stiff ( as they should be) and the desserts are delightful!We were planning a dinner with friends from out of town and had really hoped to get reservations at Vernick - ended up on the waitlist and had little hope, but I was called not once but TWICE the day before to see if we were interested in a table that had opened up! 5 stars for excellent customer service before we even walked in the door. 
We were seated promptly, the decor is very clean & minimalist, but warm. There is enough space between tables to move easily, and the noise level was typical for a Philly restaurant (loud, but not excessively so). 5 stars for atmosphere. 
We (4 of us) ordered: 
* Fromage blanc & apple chutney toast. Surprisingly, my favorite of the 3 toasts! Creamy cheese, great flavor. Yum. 5 stars.
* Avocado & spicy radish toast. Good. Not anything extremely special. 4 stars. 
* Beef tartare toast. I *love* beef tartare, and this was... good. Again, didn't blow me away but would order again. (Worth noting that one of my friends really loved this dish!) 4 stars. 
* Striped jack ("raw"). Very good, very fresh, nice seasoning! 5 stars. 
* Crispy potatoes & shishitos. Good. Kind of not very memorable. 4 stars. 
* Black pepper roasted cauliflower. I *loved* this vegetable! Strongly flavored, roasted texture was great, salted to perfection. But I will admit that my dining companions didn't love it as much as I did (including the BF, who LOVES pepper). I'm giving it 5 stars. 
* Octopus. OHMYGOD. Best octopus I've ever had. We've ever had. The table was raving about it two days later. I would go back for just this dish. Perfect. 5 (can I give 10?) stars. 
* Lamb rack & belly. I was underwhelmed with the rack of lamb, but the belly was delicious. Two of my dining companions thought this was the best dish of the night; me and one other enjoyed it but I think would have preferred something else. 4 stars. 
One night: we also received an amuse bouche, a little soup, that was AMAZING and the perfect start to the meal. 
My friend chose the wine, a rose, it was perfect. Wine list seemed to have some interesting choices, although I did generally defer to the expert. 5 stars. 
Our waiter was a little cold & reserved toward the beginning of the night, but warmed up over the course of service. I will say that I think he gave us bad advice on the AMOUNT of food to order - this was A LOT, and we didn't finish the vegetables nor have room for dessert. But overall, service was great!  4.5 stars. 
Looking forward to having another out of town houseguest to use as an excuse to eat at Vernick! Excellent experience from start to finish, and one of my favorite Philly restaurants.Wow!  We are always in restaurants and this is one of the best by far.  We begun the evening at the bar with a delightful bartender.  The ambiance is comfortable without being stuffy and a noise level that should be an example to others.  The menu is small but varied with hard choices because they all sound so good.  We had the spinach with Fontina cheese, the octopus spices were delicious and I don't like octopus.  The pork steak was tender, wonderful and so was the halibut, sea bass, and chicken dishes.  The vegetable side dishes were amazing as well.  In other words everyone enjoyed their food.  For dessert we had a pumpkin tiramisu, brownie and gelato.  All good.  The service was excellent as well.  HIGHLY recommend this restaurant but make reservations far in advance or you might get stuck.I was very excited to try out Vernick as my accompanying friend had very positive experiences with the place. Unfortunately, we both felt very underwhelmed about our Tuesday night dinner.
Overzealous Charring: 
The toasts under our beef tartare was not charred, but burnt. I really do mean that the entire surface was black. The grilled octopus, while still tender, also had way too much of the crispy, burnt surface. 
Overseasoned: 
The uni with soft scrambled eggs and our arctic char were rather spicy and salty. Note that the uni and arctic char were RAW -- if I order something raw, I want to taste that fresh, raw ingredient. It's a waste to drown that freshness with spices. Especially for a potent taste like uni, you don't really need much else in pumping the flavor profile.
Overall, very fussy preparation that ruined the quality sourced ingredients. I would give this place a 0.5 star more for the accommodating server who was thoughtful on how to bring our order and took off a couple of dishes that we barely touched.Impeccable service!  They really seem extremely enthusiastic in ensuring the best dining experience possible.  The manager is EXTREMELY warm, and accommodating.  The hostess was adorable, and the owner was very diligent, personable, and involved operationally.  You can tell every person working at Vernick takes great pride in their work, and is surely an integral piece of a "well oiled machine".
First the drinks came out,
Originally, we ordered a sweet white wine, that our kind, knowledgable waitress let us taste first.  We found it to be too floral for our liking, on this particular evening.  We ultimately decided on French 75's.  My boyfriend never tasted a French 75.  The drinks were spot ON.  Loved the addition of lemon rind to our fabulous potable. They were strong, but expertly crafted and balanced.
The food...
Unfortunately no cheese for me again:(.  But, we were given an extremely sincere apology by the manager.  Shortly thereafter, we were given the complimentary soup of the evening: split pea with a touch of chili oil.  That soup is phenomenal (they ALL are, in my opinion).  We our late diners, so I highly suggest arriving earlier if you want to try their highly desirable mozzarella.
We decided to do small plates.  We ordered the ginger rice with poached egg, pea toast w/ bacon, grilled heart of romaine with fig, potato ravioli with lamb, and potatoes with peppers.  Everything was cooked to perfection, and came out in proper sequence in a timely fashion.
The atmosphere is intimate and romantic, without being pretentious or forced.  Thank you so much for a wonderful experience.  See you soon.
Sea bass:  out of this world!  I'm glad I took my cousins advice and ordered this dish with a complex, yet subtle roasted tomato sauce.  The cucumber gazpacho was incredible...the chef should patent his soup's.  I never want to eat anywhere else EVER.My 3 stars are based strictly on the food; the service and ambiance were both great. I'm absolutely shocked that I'm only leaving 3 stars after reading such amazing reviews, seeing all of their awards, and waiting almost 2 months for a Friday night reservation through OpenTable. Maybe I built up my expectations too high but I was not at all impressed the way I thought I would be. 
My boyfriend and I had a 9:30 reservation on a Friday, as I mentioned, and we were seated within 5 minutes in the upstairs dining area. Our server was great and answered all of our questions as well as making her own recommendations and accommodating my boyfriend's shellfish allergy. We decided on the beef tartare and horseradish on toast, the charcoal-grilled octopus, half of the amish chicken, and the beef brisket. The toast came out first and was good but burnt. And not just toasty but burnt with charcoal pieces all over the plate. I'm not sure if the overwhelming charcoal flavor was part of the dining experience but it didn't do anything for me. Next was the octopus that was presented very nicely but the saltiness of the dish was so overpowering... even for me and I usually like a little extra salt. Again, I'm not sure if the salt was supposed to remind me of salt water with the fish, but that dish made me feel like I was drinking the ocean. I had the half amish chicken that I ordered strictly based off of other Yelp reviews and this was probably my second favorite dish of the night. It was very moist and flavorful and the hot sauce they brought to the table really worked well with the other flavors. My boyfriend said he enjoyed his beef brisket but ended up finishing my chicken so I think we concluded the chicken was the better of the 2 entrees. 
We decided to try the brown butter tart since I was still trying to figure out what part of the meal everyone loved so much here and I will say this dessert was my favorite part of the meal by far. SO GOOD. We even considered ordering a second but decided against it. In total, our bill came to $150 with the tip and a round of drinks. I really don't know that I'd come back here for the money after having such a lackluster experience the first time. Maybe I made the wrong choices when ordering or maybe it was an off night for the kitchen. I'd like to give them the benefit of the doubt because of the high praise the restaurant has received from others, but overall I was really disappointed after waiting for so long to try their menu.Went for a late evening dinner with some coworkers while in Philly for a business trip. This place was recommended by a colleague and the recommendation was appreciated. We had an excellent meal. The ladies I was dining with were from Chicago and New York, and this place left a great impression on all 3 of us hard-to-please diners. The crab on toast and striped jack crudo were the best.I had the most amazing dining experience at Vernick last night. The dimly lit eco-chic restaurant in a narrow converted brownstone was so warm and inviting, and the deliciously hipster staff were engaging and beyond friendly. Servers took turns making suggestions and providing information, offering complimentary items, and bringing our small plates one by one. And then there's the food. Fresh and simple, yet so inventive, and so many vegetarian and vegan options. One highlight for me was the grilled romaine salad with juicy fresh figs and sharp aged cheddar. And I'm still daydreaming about the roasted cauliflower with black pepper--the cauliflower florets were so thick with fragrant black pepper that they looked like they were buried in volcanic ash--absolutely intoxicating.Outstanding. Its been a long time coming for our first visit to Vernick Food and Drink. Its a place I not only heard about on my own, but a place that was always brought up to me by others food people that recommended it as one of the best restaurants in the city. I certainly have my favorites, so I was hoping to find another one that would end up on that list. It was my fiance's birthday, so we popped in on a Tuesday evening to find the entire restaurant and bar packed. Thats usually the tell tale sign of a great restaurant in the city, full even during the week. Any place can be full on the weekends, but if they fill up during the week too, its usually a good sign.
We grabbed a drink at the bar and just as we received them, our table was ready. They seated us upstairs on the second floor next to the open windows. While my fiance was a little cold, I was perfectly comfortable. It was a beautiful night. Our drinks were fantastically made. The care they take to make the cocktails is fantastic. They are fantastic bartenders. An old fashioned for my lady and a rye cocktail for me. Absolutely fantastic stuff. 
The menu was simply appetizing to look at. It was really difficult to choose what to order. We wound up making choices from on toast, raw, vegetables and small plates section. Our choices were the fromage blanc with meyer lemon chutney, tuna poke with macadamia nuts and soy, black pepper roasted cauliflower, mushroom salad with crispy egg and charred pepper dressing, warm parmesan custard & red wine braised artichokes and the tagliatelle with duck ragout baby zucchini and mint.
Before our food started coming out, we were served an amuse bouche, a true art lost on a lot of today's restaurants. The small shot of tomato soup and cheesey cracker bite were fantastic. I said to my fiancé I would love this on a cold day. It was a rich and hearty tomato soup. 
Then the avalanche of plates began. I thought the toast would be first, but we actually got the tuna poke. The flavor was superb. The fish was so fresh and tender and the Asian flair of flavor brought a nice salt and heat flavor to it. The macadamia nuts were a fantastic bit of crunch for an awesome textural difference. 
The Parmesan custard and mushroom salad came out next. Again two stunning dishes. The Parmesan custard was warm and had really nice flavor pairings from the poached artichokes pine nuts and sliced chiles. The mushroom salad was one of my favorite dishes of the night. There was a crispy fried egg that still had a runny yolk in the middle. The food runner instructed us to let the yolk run and soak into the mushrooms and dressing and mix it all around. He was right. Awesomely rich pairing and a really nice balance of flavors.
The duck ragout tagliatelle and black pepper cauliflower came next and they were at the same high level as the rest of the meal. My mouth tingled from the black pepper cauliflower in a very good way. I love cauliflower and this was the best I've ever had. It was charred incredibly well to give it a beautiful flavor. The tagliatelle with duck was beautifully plated and tasted just as good. The pasta was very fresh and cooked perfectly. The duck ragout would have been better for me if t was shredded and not ground, but it was still very good. Shredded meat works better in a ragout because it sticks with the pasta better in my opinion.
We never saw the toast which I was pretty disappointed with because thy get such fantastic reviews from diners. Our waitress admitted she forgot it and would up comping our espressos because of it. Our dessert was enormous. We ordered the apple pie with creme fraiche ice cream. I wish it was hot when it came out, but it was a pretty fantastic dessert nonetheless. The apples were amazing and the crust was super crunchy. We loved it.
I'll be back to vernick over and over again. It was a perfect evening and a perfect meal. Their service is fantastic and they do all the little hings well. Can't wait to come backI've been to Vernick on two occasions.  The first was with a friend, shortly after the restaurant opened.  The second time was with my mother.  The first occasion was flawless.  We had a cocktail at the bar, followed by dinner upstairs.  We were seated by the window, which was nice.  Strangely, the city was repaving Walnut St that night.  The activity below provided a little extra entertainment.  I remember having the halibut, which was excellent.  
The second occasion, my mother and I were seated upstairs by the water station.  I was concerned it would be a distraction, but we weren't bothered at all.  We started with cocktails.  I had something from the menu with grapefruit, which was delicious.  We split an appitizer, which was tasty but small.  I had the seabass entree.  I think my mother had osso buco.  She had to ask for bread, which came out of the oven with a slight char.  The food was excellent, but we were charged extra for the bread!  I hate being nickeled and dimed at high end restaurants.  When the check is upwards of $100 for 2 people, I don't think complimentary bread is too much to ask.  However, the food and service was excellent, so I really can't justify giving them less than 5 starts.A Philly favorite. Every experience at Vernick is pleasurable and truly satisfying. I love the vegetables and their unique flavors/cooking methods. There is always something on Vernick's menu that is traditional, but the chef always gives it a subtle twist. The cocktails are also unique. The bar itself is always teeming with good people and vibes. I leave wanting more - every time!Another "small plates = overpriced meal" hot spot.  Granted, the food was excellently prepared and tasty.  But you pay for the privilege of being hip.  If you think an 8oz steak is huge, you'll fit right in.  I left still feeling hungry and slightly "taken".  Wine was overpriced as well.  So, if you are on someone else's nickel and you had big lunch, give it a try.  Somehow I think that reality will set in and the customers will start going elsewhere after they really look at their credit card bills and say "did I pay THAT much?".I fell in love with Vernick the first time I went and have been in love ever since. Pretty much any excuse/occasion I can find I will try to come here (when I can get a reservation because they book up VERY quickly). Given how much I love it, my boyfriend and I have spent the past 3 Valentine's Day here. 
We came this past Valentine's Day weekend and Vernick again did not disappoint. My only trouble with Vernick is narrowing down what to order because I always want everything! To drink we ordered a couple cocktails. I love refreshing drinks and the "brilliant green" was exactly what I had in mind. Vernick also makes my boyfriend's favorite sazerac. 
Between the two of us, we usually order at least one from each section of the menu (toasts, raw, vegetables, small plates, large plates). 
It sounds so simple, but do NOT miss out on their toast. This time around we tried the chanterelle mushroom and eggplant toast. Creamy, mushroomy, and delicious. (If they have it, the chicken liver mousse or the fromage blanc w/ cherries are also my favorites) 
For the raw, we had the special which was yellowfin tuna with nori chips, edamame, and some type of creamy yuzu sauce. The sauce was amazing and totally brought the whole bite together. Wish the tuna was cut into smaller bites, but that's a minor detail. 
We do usually order from the vegetable section (they didn't have it this time but their potatoes and shishito pepper dish is my favorite!), but this time around we opted for two of the small plate specials. 
We decided to try the gnocchi with braised lamb neck and shaved truffles and the seared foie gras with grapefruit and beluga lentils. If you forced me to choose which I liked better I probably couldn't. The gnocchi was delicious and the braised lamb neck was so tender. And then covered in shaved black truffles? Game over. The seared foie gras was also cooked perfectly and the beluga lentils and grapefruit complemented the dish wonderfully. 
For our large plate we ordered the venison au poivre with caramelized cabbage, mole, and jus. Honestly, when this dish first came out I was disappointed. Huge piece of cabbage with just two relatively small pieces of venison. However, the taste of everything was amazing! The cabbage was actually soooo good and I was basically scraping the mole sauce off the plate to get every last taste. 
For dessert, we had the Meyer lemon vol-au-vent which is like a puff pastry with cream. It was a very light and perfect end to our meal. 
Great food is one thing, but even a great meal can be ruined by bad service. Luckily, Vernick also excels at service! Our waitress was so great! She was extremely knowledgeable and was so helpful in making recommendations for us for our entire meal. And when she found out that it's our Valentine's Day tradition to celebrate at Vernick, offered us a complimentary tasting of grappa with our dessert. 
Can't wait for my next visit!I've had this amazing perception of Vernick ever since I moved back to Philly and after our last trip I love it just as much as I thought I would.  It's quaint, romantic, friendly - great for date night, catching up with friends, business meetings, nice family dinner out, anything that requires a bit more refinement without being bounded to formality.  This is my favorite ambiance for a restaurant since it's versatile, but still uniquely special.  
My husband and I went for date night and ordered a few plates to share.
Tuna, toasted sesame ponzu - if you're a Tuna lover you'll enjoy this dish.  After we consumed it, I spooned the sauce from the bottom.  Enough said there.
Charcoal-grilled octopus nicoise - I can't remember another time when I had better octopus.  It was blackened from the grill, but incredibly tender with no hint of brine that usually comes along with octopus unless it's been overcooked out of it.  If you have never had octopus before, I would highly recommend trying here since it is the perfect example of how octopus should be cooked and served.
Pappardelle, tender rabbit, morels, fava beans & lavender - I really wanted this to be my favorite dish, but unfortunately the salt was overpowering on the serving we had.  The pasta was cooked perfectly and the rabbit was amazing, but the pasta sauce was unfortunately oversalted for us.  I'll have to try this dish another time because if it had been just a tad bit less salty, I know I would have loved it.
Cocoa-cured rack of lamb & braised neck, peas, trumpet mushrooms - this was by far our favorite dish and the most beautifully plated.  Everything about it was incredible to the flavor, the veggies that came along with it, and the lamb done two ways.  We also ordered the special veggies of beets to go with the lamb.  I highly recommend.  Although the dish itself came with veggies, it was nice to have a side order of the beets to compliment and split since we were sharing the dish.
The staff is incredibly attentive and friendly.  I cannot wait to go back!I'm confused about all the amazing reviews. The food was pretty good, but not spectacular. The service was great - staff were knowledgeable, professional, efficient - the restaurant itself is cool, but there are tons of cool places. It's not unusual for us to drop $215 on dinner, but this time around, the experience wasn't worth the price.
We had ceviche and oysters, both really good. Asparagus and grilled romaine salad, both pretty and reasonably tasty but not anything you can't find at a dozen other spots in Philly. My husband got a pork chop Milanese...which was listed under the wood fired oven or grill or something but ended up being a giant slab of 1/4 inch pork pounded flat and deep fried with thick greasy batter - you could've picked it and the attendant heartburn up at any neighborhood diner for $12.
I'll tell you the biscotti slice they served w espresso and that ceviche mixto were the best parts of our meal. If you go, don't go for a full meal. Sit at the bar, have a cocktail and one small plate (ceviche!) and be on your way.