I highly recommend this place! This was our first "Chef Tasting"! It was exquisite!! We had 9 courses and all were truly delicious. Wine was amazing. If you are in Philly, I highly recommend Vetri.Probably the best meal I have ever had.  We were overwhelmed with the quality of the food.  I had a smoked fish appetizer, spinach gnocchi and pasta with artichokes, a Mediterranean white fish fillet that just melted in the mouth.  Dessert I ordered was a strawberry rhubarb cobbler.  Now, we had WAY more food than what we ordered, as the chef sends out little surprises during the dinner courses.  Three hours after arriving, we left totally sated and feeling like we had just experienced something really special.  Of course, for the price, one would expect something special, but this was far beyond special--this was a meal to remember.We did the regular tasting menu with a few bottles of wine--possibly the best meal I've ever had.  The chef clearly focuses on great textures and on selecting a few key ingredients with strong flavors in their own right (the pigs feet meatballs were outstanding).  The service was absolutely perfect and much appreciated having just eaten at another place where I felt rushed through my dinner.  Absolutely excellent!No doubt this is one of the best restaurants in the city.
Food:
I had the pleasure of trying the grand tasting menu and it was well worth every penny.  I tried Hallibut for the first time here and I was really impressed with the flavor and texture of the fish.  Get the foie gras you won't regret it.  Seriously the best food in the city.
Service:
Our waitress looked like Anne Hathaway and she was really nice.  They strive to make sure you enjoy their food.  At one point she noticed that we didn't like the goat that was served as our 6th course - even though we said it was okay somehow she knew we didn't like it (I think they bugged our table).  They actually gave us an extra course of the Hallibut to make up for it - which was awesome.
Ambience:
The restaurant is in a row home on Spruce street.  It's got an old feel to it and is prefect for a dinner date.  It's fancy.By far one of the best meals/experiences I've ever had in the city. Our server Bill was fabulous; the chef came out frequently and visited our table. If you are looking for great service, food and overall experience- this place will exceed your expectations!Quite possibly THE BEST restaurant in philly. It's a very personal, small place which requires reservations well in advance for popular dining days/times. Northern Italian fine cuisine of the highest quality by James Beard Award winning chef Marc Vetri. A visit to Vetri Ristorante is a special occasion in itself.  $$$$Slamming is the first word that comes to mind when wanting to describe this place! Vetri is very expensive, but I took my fiance here for her birthday as a treat. It was on her bucket list, we both love food, so I went for it. The house brined almond prosciutto was my most favorite thing we tried. I caught myself making faces like Andrew Zimmern makes when trying certain things that have such and incredible unique taste and did share with my server. It really was a treat! We did also get to see a short tour of the upstairs private kitchen and dining room which was beautiful as well. Everything tasted super fresh and each presentation was wonderfully created.
I would give them 5 stars, BUT, we did find a bone in the snapper dish they brought out, which the chef would have gotten "chopped" for and the desserts did not even come close to the amazingness of the actual meal. I feel like some places should skip the desserts and just stick everything else they do well. We will be back, just have to save up again!This is by far my favorite place in the city.  I'm on the road a lot and have dined at some of the best restaurants in the U.S. and I would put Vetri at the top of the list.  For a special occasion this just can't be beat.  I went last year from our Anniversary, I'm a foody, my husband is not and they gave him a few extra pasta dishes...it made the night perfect!  I love having Verti right in Philadelphia.Anyone who says that this restaurant is "shockingly average" does not know anything about fine dining.  I have eaten in famous restaurants all over the world, and this one is right up there with any of them.  I will admit that if you are looking for a "scene" or a "trendy atmosphere", this restaurant is not for you.  However, having said that, I will say that there is no other restaurant in Philadelphia that produces food that is as interesting, fresh, and delicious as Marc Vetri's.  The service is impeccable, the menu ever-changing, and the preparations fascinatingly nuanced.
I went there tonight for my tenth time.  I took a few friends out for a celebratory dinner.  We ate their famous charcuterie plate, a special preparation of nantucket bay scallops, pig's foot ravioli, pork belly papardelle, spinach gnocci, shoulder of baby goat, salt-cured branzino, a cheese plate, lavender gelato, and chocolate souffle.  We ordered "family style" and enjoyed every single bite.  In fact, we ordered "seconds" of the papardelle and scallops because they were so delicious.
Some advice before dining at this restaurant.  First, eat family style.  It is the best way to taste as much as possible of the diverse menu.  Second, let them help you choose the wine.  The employees of this restaurant are well-versed in the nuances of their wine selections and will help you find a reasonably priced bottle that pairs well with your menu choices and preferences.  Third, when you eat here, "go all out".  That means, get ready to eat a lot, and prepare to enjoy yourself thoroughly.  This is a restaurant tailored for those who enjoy a cozy, comfortable atmosphere, nice people, and good food.  Again, if you are looking for a trendy restaurant, go to Morimoto.  The food won't be NEARLY as good, but you'll find all of the wannabe hipsters you can handle.
I know this is a strong review, but I believe every word of it.  There are a lot of excellent restaurants in Philadelphia that may enjoy more "street cred" (think Le Bec Fin, Morimoto, Buddhakan, etc.), but certainly do not deserve it.  This restaurant is absolutely terrific, and if you walk in with an open mind (and granted, an open wallet), you will absolutely enjoy it as much as I do.
Enjoy.  This will be one of your better dining experiences, anywhere.
--WEMHaving just read about Marc Vetri and his eponymous restaurant in Bon Appetit (Sept issue), and having a scheduled trip to Philly, we decided to visit this much lauded Italian restaurant. You might have missed this place walking by it. The restaurant has only 35 seats, a very cozy atmosphere as you would find in typical Italian restaurants. Buon Ricordo (good memory) ceramic plates on the wall remind you that this chef travels to Italy often to further immerse himself in food.
The menu is updated weekly and changes with the season. They also offer 6 and 8 course tasting menus during the summer. We called just a day before our visit (they book 2 months ahead) we were very lucky to get in! The chef and staff were so welcoming and treated us like royalty! Here's what we ate:
Antipasti - huge antipasto round with lots of yummy grilled, marinated vegetables, smoky cheeses, mixed greens with grana, and freshly sliced ethereal slices of prosciutto done a la minute and brought to our table. We also ordered the Crisp Suckling Pig with Roasted Corn antipasto that was so delicious! The chef also sent out the Foie Gras Pastrami with Cherry Mostarda (the foie gras is "cured" like pastrami - this was such an amazing dish!).
For pastas, we ordered the Mint Pappardelle with Lamb and Sweet Pea Ragu and the signature Spinach Gnocchi with Shaved Ricotta and Brown Butter. Lots of butter in the gnocchi sauce! The gnocchi were almost entirely made of spinach - and just so light and delicate. The chef also sent out a taste of the not-on-the-menu corn ravioli with shaved black summer truffles from italy. Divine!
We decided to share the main course  - another signature: Roasted Capretto (baby goat) with Soft Polenta - it was out of this world! Chef Marc Vetri presented each dish to us, and this was especially incredible - they roast the goat outdoors for hours. It was so tender! 
Such a great experience and we loved meeting Marc. He is an incredible chef and we will be back!Great service, understated ambiance, impeccable and somewhat creative Italian food.  Not the best value for your dollar, but undoubtedly a quality dining experience.The best meal in the city. The epitome of class and a place to celebrate in decadence.I have wanted to dine hear for quite a while and finally got a chance last week.  In one word: Incredible.  The menu is only used to eliminate a choice or possibly include an item as a must.  Then it is up to the chef what you eat.  Everyone at the table is served something different for each course.  There were four of us so there was occasionally some double ups.  There are two different wine pairing options available.  The price is steep and because of that it won't be a restaurant that I will be going to regularly but it won't stop me from going again.  I would rather have one meal here than 10 meals at lesser restaurants. 
Since there were four of us and we were happy to share, we were able to taste about 20 different dishes.  Everything was wonderful.  The wine pairings were excellent; in some cases perfect.  
The service was very good and the sommelier was exceptional with her wine descriptions. 
If you go, understand that it will set you back 300 dollars per person, but it is truly an incredible experienceThe food at Vetri is excellent. The service is impeccable. It is not cheap. Our group of four spent nearly a thousand dollars on food and wine. My most expensive meal ever. Recognized as one of the nations top restaurants this is understandable. However, my meal was not the best ever - that was a place called Django near South Street a decade ago and far less expensive.
Don't get me wrong - we had a great meal. Terrfic chef. I simply expected "the best ever". I'll have to return a second time to be fair.I came here a few days ago with my boyfriend's family for his graduation dinner. It was an amazing dining experience - I believe we ended up with a total of 7 courses with a second dessert to go. Upon arrival, you are presented with a menu with 4 categories. You then tell your server if any of the items look particularly intriguing or disgusting, as well as inform him/her of any food allergies. Other than your few thoughts, the chef will be the one deciding the course for you. My recommendation is to chill and let the chef pick. I'm somewhat of a picky eater so this concept was a scary one to me, but it turned out to be great. 
Since we all tasted one another's courses, I got to sample a wide variety of the offerings. I had originally requested the sweet onion crepe and pistachio dessert and told the chef that "I like meat." While the sweet onion crepe was very good, I actually thought the squid and artichoke galette, which was served at the same time, was out of this world. AMAZING. Another favorite of mine was the stuffed guinea hen breast for the main course, which was served while I had the bronizini. The stuffed hen was soooooo good, writing about it makes me upset that I can't have more right now. I am personally not a huge fan of white fishes, so I feel that I didn't enjoy the bronzini as much as someone else would have. Given that I had mentioned that I love meat, this is the one small aspect of things that I was slightly disappointed in. 
Overall it was an amazing and very filling dinner. Keep in mind it's not just 4 course the way the menu makes it out to be, so don't fill up on bread too early!Definitely one of the best meals I've ever experienced. The food was delicious, the service attentive and friendly, and the atmosphere warm. 
We were a table of 4 on Saturday night experiencing the chef's grand tasting menu which was $135 a person. You are given a glass of prosecco to sip while looking a the menu. You have a chance to let them know if there is something you would prefer not to eat. For most of us, it was baby goat. Everything else sounded good or at least interesting.
 I want to give props to the sommelier. He was very knowledgeable about all wine regions even trivial ones that my Dad mentioned. The first bottle of wine we ordered wasn't to his liking so he wouldn't serve it. This was a $90 of bottle which he could have easily served us.  
 The highlights of the meal were:
-  fried onion pearls. They were like an upscale onion ring
- sweet onion crepe. So sweet and yummy.
-  Sea bass. This was the first time I've had sea bass and I liked it!
-   Beggar purses (see below)
-   spinach and semolina gnocchi. the gnocchi was the best i've ever had. it was almost too rich to eat
-  chocolate souffle. drool
There was one item that I didn't like. It was mint fettuccine with clams. The texture and the flavor didn't really work for me so I just let it sit in front of me. One of the waitresses noticed it and replaced it with beggar purses with meat inside and brown butter and cheese on top. It wasn't on the menu, but it was delicious!  Probably one of the best things all night.
 When the dessert course arrived, my step-mom had a candle in her cake since we were celebrating our birthday. No one told the staff it was her birthday so they must have overheard us talking about it.  It was a really nice surprise.  
The night ended 3 hours later and completely stuffed. They sent us home with a white nylon bag with a copy of the menu and mini biscotti to enjoy later. Such a nice way to end a  great eveningLet me start in reverse ... it's getting late and I'm sitting in a small brownstone housing an intimate restaurant, I look past glasses of wine that aren't quite finished, and sitting across from me is the tall, dark and handsome gentleman who has taken me here.  I sigh and realize this is probably the best meal I've ever eaten. I think a lot of people have had this experience at Vetri, minus perhaps the gentleman.  So, while I'm not alone, I am glad that I'm in that company.  
Although I can't imagine eating one more thing, the gracious waiter sets down a small plate of petit fours, we look up at him with wide eyes and say we can't possibly. Before we finish our sentences he quickly assures us that he will wrap them up so that we have something to take home. Along with our dessert and a cellophane bag containing two chocolate laced biscotti, we are presented with a printed copy of the wine pairing list that we enjoyed and the tasting menu of everything we've had the pleasure of trying tonight.  
I won't go in to everything that went into this masterpiece of a meal. But some standouts were the first course, with many small bites, such as tuna crudo, foie gras served on a small crisp wafer, then the branzino and the house milled bread.
The waiter is a professional, knowing when to stop by and when to let us linger and enjoy our meal and animated conversation. He describes our wine with such clarity, I stop to wonder where he's been trained, but at the same time he's unassuming and likable and clearly enjoys his work. This is demonstrated when he comes over mid meal with an excited look to proudly say they unexpectedly got in some black truffles that morning, and sets down a small plate of fettuccini with black truffle ragu.  I tell him when he returns that I could possibly eat only this for the rest of my life, and be happy.  Philadelphia, you never disappoint, I could endlessly visit your wonderful supply of quirky, fun, inventive restaurants, but I think now that they were perhaps the orchestra tuning, and that Vetri is a symphony in full swing.My husband and I were treated to dinner here by dear family that spare no expenses. 
We received a glass of champagne upon being seated, not sure if this was complimentary or not. However, I am sure that it was a great start. 
The waiter came over, gave us water, bread, and explained how things work, asked for any food restrictions (which annoyingly we had plenty of; kosher style, pescatarian, no pork or shellfish, and the lucky one among us- my husband- who has none and gets to eat EVERYTHING). Like I said, annoying and slightly complicated but our waiter got it. 
The food started coming out slowly, steadily, and pretty generously. I have to say, I don't remember the exact combinations of our dishes, but I do remember that the homemade pasta was incredibly tasty and cooked to perfection, every vegetable we had was incredibly fresh, meat was incredibly tender, wine was delicious, and dessert was brought out double, because we got it like that. Not really, because I asked ever so nicely for more macaroons. 
The service was one of the best parts and the ambiance very nice and homey. Our waiter was hysterical and very personable, the chef came by our table too which is always a nice touch. This is more of a "we're here celebrating something" or "tonight is a special evening" restaurant. A real treat.My fiancé and I have celebrated our 10 years Anniversary at Vetri. We were greeted and seated promptly. The staff were amazing and so were the dishes. My fiancé and I enjoyed everything (we even did the wine pairing) and we were not disappointed. I love how the staff explain each dishes and the taste (and fragrance) of each wine. We had a lovely yet romantic evening at Vetri and it is a must go for any romantic outing. Thank you to everyone at Vetri for making our night memorable. (April 5th, 2016)With all the great choices that exist in Philly now, I believe that Vetri is the best fine dining experience in the city. I think the restaurant is moving to a chef's tasting menu-only option, and that is fine because that is the best way to experience the indulgence that is Marc Vetri's cooking. In conjunction with the wine pairing, this is a can't miss option. Been here a number of times now and have always left feeling as if the money paid was well worth it.
Everything is delicious. There's no point in telling you which dishes to order, because its a crapshoot what you'll get based on Vetri's mood and available ingredients for the evening. However, the wait staff will ask if you have dietary constraints and will take that information back to the kitchen. My wife will not eat seafood, and they worked around that for her.
A couple of things about the service: it is great. Hostesses, wait staff are uber-attentive and the sommelier is awesome! His name escapes me, but he is friendly, knowledgeable, and constantly available for all the dumb questions I wanted to ask about wine. He is a blast to chat with and adds to the total experience you get here. He makes me and my friends feel comfortable.
Last thing....the last time we were there, the staff recognized me and my friend and gave the ladies at our table that evening's tasting menu with Marc Vetri's autograph. That was a nice touch to end a special evening.
Can't say enough good things about Vetri...it is a place that you should go to at least once to say that you've had the experience. Chances are you'll go there again.Exquisite. We went here for the second time this fall since they started the chef's menu. We'd been to Vetri a few times in the past, when it was a fabulous, traditional Italian restaurant and it was great then. This is food, wine and service taken to a new level. On both occasions we had the wine pairing and it was spot on perfect with the courses. We started both times with a palate teaser from the chef which promised the joys of what was to come. Unlike most multi course chef's offerings (such as Alinea in Chicago) Vetri actually gives you a choice of dishes within a limited range of beautifully prepared courses. We opted to have the chef choose for us both times so that we could taste what he thought was interesting and so that we could share each other's plates. When I say that this rivals the best restaurants that I've ever been to, it is not an exaggeration. The blend of flavors in each course and plate was magnificent.
In addition, we had the same wait person both times and he paid meticulous attention to us and was friendly and understated. Such a pleasure. Finally, one could actually have a lovely conversation here. It had a pleasant low level vibe without intruding on conversation. For those of us who hate loud restaurants, it was heaven. Vetri is pricey, so it's not an everyday, casual kind of place. But you get what you pay for.I know there is A LOT of hype about this restaurant. It was very quaint inside and you almost feel like you are in Europe! I had taken my boyfriend for his birthday and he got the baby goat while I had gotten the chicken. We split two half portions of pasta and ordered a special appetizer (which I forget exactly what it was called). 
Overall, I thought the food was very delicious, but wow... portions are smaller than what I had expected to be for the price! I know that this place was pricey, but the half portion of pasta was literally if you had taken a larger fork, twirled some pasta on it and plated it. 
Very, very good restaurant, but not what I had expected it to be.OK, if you love trying food this is your place to go! The menu tasting is by far my favorite. I love that you can try so many different things. The chef does not disappoint with the selections. I will say my all time favorite dessert is the pistachio flan. That's a big deal coming from someone who loves chocolate.this place is very FANCY! omg the food its just incredible the only downside of this place  is the price , but it worth it :) ..
the staff are very professional and very informativeIt's a tiny unassuming place that we couldn't find at first. I love restaurants in houses so I was really excited when we finally found it. We stepped in and they actually were able to seat us early (8pm instead of our 8:45 reservation). The service really is impeccable. I almost wish I got wine so we could experience the sommelier who seemed amazing.
We ordered a la carte because we are not yet filthy rich. For our antipasti, we got the TEMPURA SOFT SHELL CRAB which was ugh sooo goooood. Then our bread came, which was weird, and I thought the focaccia was to-die-for, the white tuscan not so much. For pastas we tried the SHRIMP & RICOTTA RAVIOLI, which just melted in your mouth but I think it reminded me too much of shrimp shu mai. We also had the DUNGENESS CRAB SPAGHETTI which was really disappointing - really salty, no crab to be seen, and the pasta was really hard and I know that's not what al dente is. Our secondi was the special, a SUCKLING PIG dish that was pretty much perfect, really decadent and crispy and salty and sweet.
So it was a mixed experience. I really expected better pasta (and bigger portions of it), but the antipasti and secondi were amazing. The tables next to us got the tasting menus and wine and would not stop raving about it so that is probably the way to go if you can afford to splurge (more than usual).The tasting menu at Vetri was an experience I will never forget. Every plate that was put in front of me was executed perfectly and was delicious. The fresh tortellini with a generous shaving of white truffles was borderline sexual. Spinach gnocchi with brown butter, Russian salad, smoked Canada goose stuffed endive, sweet onion crepe w/ truffle fondue, boar ragu, apple fed lamb, and pistachio flan were all memorably awesome.
Overall, it was a four and a half hour dining experience that was worth every penny. 
Be sure to get a reservation, go hungry, and buckle up for the meal of your life.This is as close to a perfect dining experience as one should expect from humans doing human things 
The food is delicious (although slightly too reliant on butter for many of the dishes) 
The service is the most personal and professional I have ever experienced (three visits total) - completely lacks pretense, classism, or condescension 
I'm proud of who they are and what they have become !Celebrated my Anniversary at Vetri's last night. Although we did not want the wine pairing, a nice bottle of wine was enjoyed. Going to Vetri's was a fabulous experience that I will remember forever. Thank you for the wonderful food, service and hospitality.Amazing dinner. My family went to Vetri for my dad's 60th birthday. I would have gone back the next day if I could. The restaurant is small but in no means cramped. I believe there are only 13 tables in the restaurant. The meal was everything I thought it would be and more. All four of us ordered an app, a pasta course, and an entreé. That was by no means too much food. It was just the right amount. The pasta courses can be ordered in half portions as well. The rabbit pasta dish was excellent, as was the papadelle(spelling) pasta dish. For my entreé, I ordered the baby goat with polenta. My entire family said it was the best of the entree's we ordered. The flavoring of the crispy skin was amazing! My dad ordered the venison. For him, I wish there was more to it. The portion of venison seemed small. My mom and brother spit the branzino. It was very good. My brother loved the sprouts. For dessert we ordered the cheese platter and the doughnuts. My dad loved the cheese. There were six different hunks of chess on the platter with bread and jellies. My doughnuts were amazing. I wanted to order a second plate of them. I even took a picture of them and sent it to my girlfriend. The only issue with the night was my dad said his coffee was not hot enough for him. I'd go back any night of the week!!!!Celebrate a special occasion here and you will not be disappointed with the experience.  The food is created with such skill and sophistication that it outshines any other restaurant in Philadelphia.  If money is not an issue, then this is the place.My wife and I traveled to Philadelphia from Houston to celebrate our 20th wedding anniversary.  Vetri Cucina helped make our anniversary meal very special.  We frequent a lot of tasting menu restaurants, and enjoy being led by the chef's selections - but sometimes you get a dish that doesn't quite fit with your dietary preferences (as opposed to allergies).  Vetri Cucina's system of allowing you to look at the 20 or so potential dishes for the night and to let the kitchen know which dishes you DO NOT and which dish might be a MUST HAVE allows the kitchen to create a tasting menu tailored just for you.  They also do not serve each person in your party the same menu.  This allowed my wife and I to basically share a 13 course tasting menu, instead of 6 or 7 courses.  Service was very informed and outstanding.  The restaurant itself is located in a renovated brownstone, so it has a very homey feel to it.
The tuna crudo and prosciutto dishes were my favorite antipasta courses.  The pastas were the real standout dishes.  My favorite was the Fetuccelle (cross between fettuccine and parpadelle) with porcini and blueberry.  The pasta was perfect and the sauce was an interesting combination of the earthiness of the mushrooms and the sweetness of the blueberry.  My wife enjoyed the malfadine with braised beef ragu.  Very meaty and very flavorful.  
For the "secondi" courses, we were served the porcelet and the veal dishes.  Both were very tasty, but at this point in the meal we were getting pretty full, and we wished we would had been served the seafood course (snapper) to lighten up the meal a bit.  Live and learn, it would have been easy to ask for that dish at the beginning of the meal.  The desserts were good, but at this point, we were really stuffed.  Great anniversary meal though.  I highly recommend Vetri Cucina for a tasting menu that is quite collaborative between chef and diner.I don't know how long I've been saying that if the world was ending or if I was dying, the first thing I'd do is rush to Vetri. Thankfully, neither scenario happened, and I was privileged to finally dine there last night. 
With that being said, I obviously preemptively put Vetri Cucina on a pedestal surrounded with unrealistic hype. I had butterflies the moments leading up to my visit of combined sheer giddiness and nerves, that I would somehow be let done. I'm ecstatic to report that my dining experience at Vetri was one of the top dining experiences of my lifetime, and I found it to be truly everything everyone says it is, and more. 
Upon entry to the restaurant, I was actually a little uncertain. The hallway was narrow, and I had to walk through a crowd to get to the hostess stand. That literally was the lowlight of the evening, and that's not even horrible. Every aspect of the evening was stellar from there-on-out. 
Where to begin? Well, to start, I wish I was taking notes. Our server was so knowledgeable that I wish I could've written down everything he said about the food and the wine. The wine paring was extraordinary from the thorough to description to the actual pairing. I had the six-pour pairing and I'd absolutely recommend going that route. I didn't view the actual list until after the meal, I didn't realize that they literally listed the wines and dishes they paired with on the page. This is a great keepsake, and guide for my own future pairings. 
After our aperol spritz, we started with a few "snacks" and a vegetable crudités platter for the table. We passed the veggies and helped ourselves to the snacks from the center of the table. Our next course, after the bread, was our antipasti. I didn't realize the plate in front of me was my tuna crudo, and mine alone. Theoretically, a group could share and pass everything. We did, to some extent, however we mostly ate the plate in front of us. Based on specific wine pairings, this does make sense.  
Taking a step back, before our tasting journey began, our server gave us some time to discuss the menu and our preferences. I was told to "not be shy" if there was something I really wanted to try. While the tasting menu had the element of surprise at every course, the meal was centered around that initial conversation with the server. From just looking at the menu, there were a few standouts that I simply needed to try. 
After the antipasti- we moved on to multiple rounds of pasta. Mamma mia! The swiss chard gnocchi with brown butter was one of the most exquisite things I've ever eaten in my entire life. The gnocchi melted in my mouth as the flavor of the brown butter sauce lingered. This was served with the tortellini with truffle sauce that would've been a knockout on its own. I received the mafaldini with lamb shank ragu as my second pasta course. This was my must-have, and while delicious, the gnocchi still takes the cake. Special shout out to the delectable seafood in the tonnarelli al Frutti di mare that I sampled for one of the other plates
At this point in the meal, I was starting to hurt, however there was no looking back. No food down, no food left behind. Of course, I had to sample the next round of bread that came out- the sourdough. No regrets either. 
I rallied in time for our secondi; in my case, the milk fed veal with asparagus- yet another standout from my initial menu review. I've said this before about veal, however, we have a new winner. This was the BEST veal I've had in my life. We had two different preparations of this tender, tender meat. One was more tender and filet-like, the other was delectably fattier with a slight crisp. There was a dollop of sauce, however I preferred the veal in its own juices. 
Finally, we reached dessert status. Based on our groups eagerness to try everything, our server ended up bringing us one of each dessert option. The pistachio flan was placed in front of me, and the pistachio that oozed out of the flan upon dipping my fork was a highlight. We literally based the plates around the table and it was great to try a little of everything. I hit crazy status when the little pastry tray was placed in the center. Did I need to try one of everything? Probably not, but when at Vetri, you try to eat it all. 
While the food was phenomenal, the staff added to the entire experience. Aside from our fantastic server, the team work and collaboration of guest service was apparent. We had so many people interacting with us throughout the meal that were aiming to please and perfectly harmonized with the actions of their colleagues. 
I was smiling on the outside and smiling on the inside. This meal is a true highlight in my culinary life.  So, I'm so thrilled the world isn't ending and I'm not dying. While I've checked a major item off my bucket list, it's only left me with the taste for more of the finer Vetri Cucina dining experience.Fantastic!  By far the best restaurant I've eaten at in Philly.  As far as atmosphere, the restaurant is small (maybe 15 tables) in a small row house.  The staff is as friendly as it gets.  Our servers kept checking in on us, but did not get to the point were it became annoying. 
We dined on a Friday night, so we got the grand tasting menu with the wine pairing (a $90 supplement).  They presented us with the options that were being made that night and asked if there was anything that we would or would not eat on the menu.  
The amuse were a great start:
-Beet Salad: Ok, although I'm not sure how it was an amuse.
-Tomato and Red Pepper Cold Soup: Fantastic.  I only wish I could get a large bowl with lump crab on top.  I could eat this everday.
-Corn Pudding:  Very Good.
-Squab Fritter:  Very good.  It was my wife's favorite amuse.
-Foie Pastrami on toast.  Simply amazing.  I love foie and I love pastrami.  They two combined could have not been any better.
We then had a variety of smaller dishes that were different for me and my wife (which is great, so we can try more of the options):
Highlights:
-Foie Pastrami
-Sweet Onion Crepe.  Best thing we ate that night.
-Spinach Gnocci.  A Vetri classic.  It is unfair to compare any other gnocchi to these.  Simply amazing.
-Wine.  All the wine was perfectly paired with each dish.  All from Italy.  A great bargain.  Definitely worth it.
-Desserts.  Chocolate Polenta cake and peach and blackberry upside down cake were amazing.
Lowlights:
-Sardine.  Probably my mistake for not taking this off the table.  I'm not a huge sardine fan.
-Porchetta stuffed with Cherries:  I just wasn't a fan.
Overall:  Definitely a great experience and a must eat in Philly.  Hands down the best Italian I've ever had (including Italy).
In response to another post below:
Contrary to what another poster said, I think the amount of food was perfect.  We walked out full, but not feeling gross.  The portion sizes here are much more realistic than Per Se.  Walking out of Per Se, I wanted to vomit due to the large quantity of rich, buttery food and large number of courses.  Also, I'm not sure how you can compare the two on price, since my bill at Per Se for two was over twice what I paid at Vetri.  I'm not saying this is better than Per Se, but I don't think you can compare the two. They are two different styles of food, atmosphere (I had to wear a tie at Per Se), price, etc.Everyone should come here at least once. Even if it means eating kimchi and rice (or whatever it is non-Asian people eat when they're trying to save money) for 30 days straight, it will be worth it.
Yes, it is true that Vetri now only offers the full tasting menu at $135 a head. Add in the wine tasting menu, and you're over $200 a person, not factoring in tax and tip. I thought I was being clever, so I decided to forgo the wine and pregame with a few pints at Monk's a few blocks away. Not the classiest of things to do, but dealing with my lack of class is something I have to do every day.
Be aware that the menu changes seasonally. They offer you a menu with several options for each course, so expect to get any one of those items. You can inform your server if you have any particular preferences or diet restrictions, and they are very accommodating. My dining companion and I received different items for nearly the entire meal, so I was able to sample about 11 different dishes. 
If you see the spinach gnocchi, order it. Marc Vetri is a master of pasta, but even this is out of the ordinary for him. The gnocchi melts in your mouth, releasing the fresh spinach that is somehow still slightly crisp. The golden onion sweet crepe with white truffle fondue is also completely mind-blasting. Everything from the seasonal vegetable plate to the post-meal macaroons was delicious and perfectly executed, with excellent service and ambiance to match.
The only sour taste I got was the one left in my mouth when presented with the bill (incidentally, they also miscalculated *slightly* and almost charged us $200 extra!). But quality isn't always easy to come by, so start collecting your loose change (or loose Benjamins) and, please, direct yourself to Vetri.My expectations were high for this place. On service and ambiance it certainly did not disappoint. Service was impeccable to say the least. Lots of helpful food and wine pairing suggestions from all. At the end we opted for the tasting menu (truly seemed like the best way to really get a feel for the food). The wine pairings were perfect with the menu offerings but the options brought out to us were hit and miss. For example for one of our appetizers we ended up with a fried tempura dish. Although it was tasty, it seemed fairly boring for a dish at Vetri -the food mecca.
For the main course we ended up with the goat which was tasty ,but quite small.. At the end of the day I walked away slightly hungry and $400 poorer. For the price and quantity of food offered there's better dining options in the city...One of the best dinners I've ever had. 10 across the board for food, service, presentation, ambiance and overall experience. Value I can't rate because you go into that knowing what you're spending and it's all relative to whether or not that's worth it to you.
The gnocchi are to die for, as is the onion. The amuse-bouche was a perfect way to start the meal. That second bread with the olive oil - I could eat that daily.
Service was impeccable. The wine guy knew his stuff more than anyone I've ever seen.
Go with at least a half-wine pairing. It's definitely worth it and adds to the experience.
The entire dinner was a total sensory experience.This restaurant is a solid 4 star. Had a very meaty hearty pasta. foie gras was very tasty and cooked right. Lamb chops top notch almost heavenly. Service very professional. Very dark and small narrow place. Tthe restaurant's door is about same as the others on the street, not so easy to tell in the night. Overall a very nice dining experience.This is the best restaurant in town. Their Italian food is awesome. My friend went for the steak and said it was the best he ever tasted. The service was just as good. Yes it's pricey but it's well worth it. We will be back here for sure in the near future. One of the best ideas we had in a long time.Vetri was shockingly average. We had such high expectations given the restaurants sterling reputation, but were really disappointed. We made reservations two months ago for a Friday night so we could choose our food a la carte and not do the tasting menu. It's in a small cute location, but once you sit down it feels a little claustrophobic, especially since there are so many waitstaff hovering over your table and over the other diners' tables. It was actually very distracting, because many of the customers are regular patrons there and thus know the staff well. As a result we spent more time hearing about the host's family then we did talking with each other. The chef also seemed out of the kitchen more than he seemed in it, and the result was evident in our food. The menu is intriguing, it's classic Italian with a nice mix of meat, fish, and pasta. As expected at a place like Vetri, it's very expensive. However, when you pay $43 for loin of venison you expect a decent size portion and exceptional execution. That was not the case, except for our pasta appetizer all our dishes were luke warm and only one was a substantial portion. After spending $200 for apps, dinner, dessert, and wine you really should not leave hungry. We thought the pasta was excellent and nothing was bad, but just average. We eat at nice restaurants all the time, and this really didn't measure up. Don't buy into the hype, save your money and eat somewhere else.A special occasion calls for a ridiculously expensive meal. And I'd gladly fork over another $230 a person for the chef's tasting and wine pairings whether it was a special occasion or not. As soon as I get another $230, that is.
Staff members were so gracious I wished I could hug them.  I actually said out loud (after a few pre-dinner drinks and downing two glasses of the wine flight) that they knew us so well yet didn't know us at all - in reference to how they selected the courses for each of us. I really like whites over reds and my partner vice versa and every dish I secretly wished to eat was placed in front of me. Dreamy.
The sommelier then poured us a glass of Agricola Punica "Barrua" 2005 which he said is reserved for "friends." Love you, too, buddy. For someone like me, who lives to eat, it's nice to be served by people who know their shit and love it their shit.
The menu changes frequently so I'll just say that you should pray to whatever god you serve that you'll get to taste Vetri's foie gras pastrami, their fregola with octopus and the baby goat. 
Once all is (sadly) said and done you're waived "Arrivederci" with a fancy tote, biscotti and menu copies. Ciao, I'll miss you.Hands-down the best dinner we've ever had in Philadelphia.  Food is so thoughtful.  Amazing wine pairings.  Fantastic and genuine service.  Can't wait to bring our friends!Celebrated a special occasion with my sister here a couple weeks ago and have since been trying to think of the right way to put such an elaborate, spectacular dining experience into words without droning.
I've told only a couple people about this meal since having it, and even then I felt like I was carrying on with superfluous details, unable to truly capture what made it so special.
All I'll say is that if you have an occasion worth celebrating and the means to celebrate it at Vetri, as well as a taste for fine food, you will not possibly regret eating here. Every single bite of food and sip of wine was something to savor. On more than one occasion my sister and I found ourselves musing, "this is probably the best thing I've ever eaten." Our menu was essentially entirely selected for us, and over the course of the meal we ended up trying at least 2/3 of the entire menu. I meant to take some pictures but by the time a complimentary spritzer and amuse bouche arrived at the table (immediately) I forgot I even owned a cell phone.
And while I hope that some day I will again experience food as wonderful as this, I cannot expect to ever have better service. From the moment we walked through the door, to the moment we left the table almost 4 hours later, there was not a single need unmet, question unanswered, glass left empty. The hospitality at Vetri is absolutely unmatched. They operate as a team with someone always alert to the tables' needs without it ever feeling like you're being watched. Everyone has a smile on their face and is willing to help in any conceivable way. I can't thank our main server, Bill, and sommelier, Bobby, enough for making the evening so relaxed and enjoyable. It was one of the best nights my sister and I have ever had together.
Lastly, I'd be remiss not to mention that what everyone has said is true:
Sweet onion crepe
Swiss chard gnocchi
Almond tortellini
Out of this fucking world.
And this was me trying to keep it short...smhVetri was a lot of fun and I don't regret the $390 tab (per person).  I'm somewhere in between the folks who had food orgasms with every bite and folks who felt a little disappointed.  70% of everything we ate was exceptional.  What wasn't is a matter of personal taste and could easily be managed in a couple of ways.  Note that you do receive an evening's menu at the beginning of the meal--you can flag anything that doesn't sound good and more important can ask for particular dishes.  I recommend doing this.  
We asked to be surprised and this can go two ways depending on the restaurant, you can get something that's totally 'out of the box' or you might get something that many people aren't choosing on a particular night and the kitchen wants to push it out.  For our main protein, I ended up w. goat and it was way too smoky, maybe even a slight error in the execution, hard to say.  It was a but unpleasant, could have used another flavor or two to offset the smoke.  My friend had a small, very thin ribeye and thought there was so much sauce that it overwhelmed the meat.  Best practice would have been for us to send both dishes back and I'm certain the kitchen would have replaced them with something more appealing to us.  I realized this after the fact.  The pasta w. wild boar was gamey to me-but what did I expect. A boar wanders around the forest, getting in fights, snorting and eating bark--it's gonna taste gamey.  My friend traded dishes and he liked the boar.  
Desserts were excellent, but a small plate of tiny cookies afterward was a head scratcher, not particularly tasty or fresh. 
We chose the more expensive wine pairing and this was a highlight.  All of the wines were well matched to the food and the sommelier gives a basic history of how the wine was produced and what to expect when tasting, After the first two courses, I asked for no more white wine and they accommodated. The descriptions get a bit silly after awhile, "This next wine is from grapes hand picked by Armenian/Swedish nuns in the South of Italy and then rolled across limestone for seventy four days, then dragged up the mountainside by children with severe overbites" They honestly could have been making half of it up and I would not have known any better.  I circled two of the reds when we received our copies of the menu and wines at the end of the night and will order a bottle of each from a distributor--really striking and unusual. 
I'd like to see more vegetables on the menu which seem to disappear after the first appetizer.  This would add more texture to the dishes and some more interesting flavors.  Noticed that there's one sauce made of brown butter that showed up at least three times, maybe a bit of overkill.  While mostly absolutely delicious, and perfectly cooked, the dishes weren't particularly complex in flavor, Vetri seems slightly dated when looking at what chefs are producing these days.  The restaurant is still totally on top of its game in all respects, I just see slight room for improvement/updating w. some minor tweaks.  
With all that said, there were many, many, amazing bites that made our mouths pop.  The service is super friendly and professional.  It's surprisingly not an uptight place at all.  
Three hours passed quickly and I'll gladly go back.  It's a trip to an amazing food spa w. lots of butter!My husband and I have been going to Vetri every year for his birthday since 2005. It continues to prove itself with exceptional food, service, and experiments in fine Italian cuisine that are just out of this world. If you can go for the tasting menu, do it. It gives you an incredible sampling of what Marc Vetri and his kitchen staff have to offer. The service is polite, professional, and always accommodating with special requests. The wine paring is also great, but will leave you heavily intoxicated as well as leaving your wallet in an even more empty state.
Vetri is not cheap. So if you're on a budget, save it for a special occasion. It's well worth it. Reservations can be hard to get, so call ahead at least a few weeks for a weekend. They start taking reservations 2 months in advance.
For a more budget-friendly option, Vetri's 2nd location, Osteria, is also amazing. And, yes, I am happily hopping on the Marc Vetri bandwagon. Not only is he incredibly talented, but really nice too.
Final thoughts...
the spinach gnocchi = absolute heavenWent for desert after a concert so it is difficult to judge the quality. We really liked the service and they were very and helpful.
It was late at niht and I really liked how subtle the place was. I wouldn't have thought that a really good italian restaurant would be hiding like this, looking as though it was just another apartment.
We all had a good glass of wine, and the deserts were good but not mind blowing like I read in other reviews. Perhaps the kitchen was just tired.Food, service, and everything were all superb. I'd give six stars if that were possible. 
The tasting menu tonight:
An appetizer plate with Foie Gras, Burrata, and Smoked Sausage
Various fresh breads
Prosciutto Cotto 
Hamachi Crudo
Squid & Artichoke Galette
Swiss Chard Gnocchi with Brown Butter
Almond Tortellini with Truffle Sauce
Ramp Ravioli with Ricotta and Lemon
Fettuccine with Morel Mushroom Rafi
Salt Meadow Lamb with Artichokes
Chocolate Polenta SouffléEasily the best meal I have ever had.  Each course was phenomenal in its own unique way, flowing perfectly from dish to dish.  The meal slowly builds to a rich, decadent pasta course.  The spinach gnocchi is a pasta dish I will never forget.  Just when my wife and I felt our palates were overwhelmed, the next understated pasta dish was the perfect answer.  Chestnut Fettucine with Wild Boar Ragu was perfection.  The meat course was brilliant, a pairing of Goat with Polenta and Braised Lamb with Mint.  The two institutions of this menu are the Sweet Onion Crepe and Pistachio Flan which are both legendary.  This is clearly a restaurant that is brilliantly run down to the microscopic details.  Every employee clearly plays an equal part in making sure that every customer has a flawless experience.  I would recommend this restaurant for a special occasion over any other in Philly.In short, Vetri Cucina is worth the hype.
It's rare to attend one of the most well-acclaimed restaurant in Philly, but when you snag that available spot on opentable, then get ready for a culinary experience that will loosen your belt and rock your socks off. Unfortunately, this review is many months post the Vetri experience, so much of my memories are piecemealed together through my photos. However, while Vetri Cucina is a tasting menu extravaganza, you should definitely consider a daytime fast for the epic amount of food that you'll be encouraged to consume in a 2-hour feasting session. Oh, did I mention the 6-dessert finisher? Just saying.
Everything at Vetri Cucina was thrilling, from the hand made pasta, to the expertly stuffed lamb sausage to the roasted duck breast. Even the olives were to dine for. 
I will say that the service felt a bit...off, only because we were served by an inconsistent number of people and the wine pairing came at odd intervals and the unclear explanations of each dish made the experience falter, but I think it was excusable overall.
Overall:
Food: 5 stars
Price: 5 stars
Service: 3-4 stars
Ambiance: 5 starsI have been wanting to try Vetri for years. Maybe my hopes were too high, but I was a bit disappointed - especially given the $155 price tag. 
The service was excellent, particularly the wine service. 
The food, on the other hand, was uneven. The scallop and the gnocchi dishes were incredible, but the other dishes - wild boar pasta, roast, some awful bone marrow dish my friend received, and the desserts were not good enough to warrant the price tag. Moreover, I felt like each dish was heavier than the next. I wish the menu was better balanced with a few more dishes that had a lighter touch. After the scallops, it was all meat, pasta and heavy sauces. 
Finally, I was with two friends and I hated that we each received something different at each course and we had no input on who received what. I understand respectingt eh vision of the chef, but what about serving the tastes of the customers?  
I go to a lot of high end restaurants and a lot of multi course dinners. I'm not uncomfortable spending well over $150 for a meal, BUT, I also expect a meal in this price range to be amazing and I was far from amazed at Vetri. 
And I'm actually a little surprised it has done this well for so long. There are so many other great choices in Philly. I expect to pick one of me the next time I am looking for a good upscale meal in the area.Vetri is a very special place. I wanted to love it. There were four of us dining and we certainly enjoyed it. Most of what we tasted was exceptional especially the pastas. The goat was unique but not easy to eat. The lamb was extremely gamey and none of us finished it. The service was exceptional and they attended to our every need. 
One of the shortcomings of the small and cramped space is if you have a very noisy table next to you, which we unfortunately did it makes for a less pleasurable experience.
I would relish the opportunity to try the restaurant again and possibly guide the staff to alter our tastings.
People seem to complain about the price but I don't think it is outrageous for what you receive.
If you don't mind spending the money I think it is certainly worth a try!Best meal of my life.
The only complaint - which isn't even a complaint, is I was definately drunk by the end of the meal.  Each course, we had two different plates to taste and with each plate we had a glass of wine...adding up to over 7 glasses of wine.
I would go back in a heart beat.With literally hundreds  of reviews, I don't even think that I need to give Vetri my own review. I will say this: this was by far one of the best meals I've had in Philadelphia or in any other city, for that matter. The service was attentive the food was impeccable and the ambience was phenomenal. My only problem with this restaurant was the price. It was a special occasion for us (our 10 year wedding anniversary), so it may be justified to spend nearly half a grand on dinner for two. That being said, this is definitely the kind of restaurant that you want to take a very special date, or celebrate a joyous moment in your life. There really isn't much point to rehashing the details of the menu since the menu continuously changes, and you barely have any control over what you can order. They have a standard tasting menu with wine pairings comes up to about $240 per person. Vetri does absolutely aim to please and surprise you, and surprise you in a very positive way. I had a multitude of different dishes probably 8 to 9 courses in total. And each and everyone of them was delicately prepared and delivered an incredible burst of flavor. Again, if you go here be prepared to Drop some serious cash but like most things in life, you get what you pay for --- and in this case it is a pretty unforgettable experience.If you're really into food and dining out, Vetri is a must. Besides earning you foodie cred, it's an opportunity for a memorable evening. A special occasion is a good excuse to go, and the staff will make a big deal out of it which will add to the charm of it all.
When you're seated, take a sip of your complementary prosecco, take a deep breath, and relax. This is a 2-hour slow-paced tasting experience. The portions are tiny, but there are a lot of them.
Look over the menu to be sure you're not going to get something you know you'll hate or miss out on something you know you'll love. But don't spend too much time on this process. Keep an open mind because you might be surprised to love something that didn't sound appealing. 
The price is steep, yes. But you're paying for quality ingredients, impeccable service, and combinations of flavors more interesting than spaghetti and jarred sauce. It's important to remember that taste is subjective, and no one can guarantee that you absolutely love every single thing. If you expect to have visions of the Virgin Mary with every bite because you're dropping $$$$, and you'll be disappointed with anything less, you might as well stay home and order a pizza. 
And if the cost scares you, do what I did and save up your loose change for a couple of years. True story.The emperor has no clothes. 4 of us on the grand tasting, the only thing grand was that it almost cost a Grand! Beige expensive food, not well prepared in a cute but cramped space. Love Osteria, hated this...
Have gladly paid and eaten in the best restaurants in the country, this is not one of them.i want to give this restaurant 5 stars, but i haven't been back in a long time since i moved out of philly a while ago... i just remember that the italian food here was so delicious.  i would say that this restaurant has the best food in philly.Maybe the best restaurant in Philadelphia.  The meal was amazing.  Get the wine pairing.  It was so worth it.A nice experience with lots of food and a very friendly staff. The food is good and you will be stuffed. There are also three bread courses. I really liked the focaccia. The kidney, snapper crudo, and almond tortellini were my favorites. The guinea hen was also very tender although a bit salty. Overall, a nice experience, but a bit pricier than it should be.Did some research before selecting Vetri...and that research paid off. My husband and I thought it was outstanding. We started off with the bagna cauda and quail as appetizers. The quail was to die for. We chose the guinea hen and a fish dish as our main course. I believe the name of the fish was Orcata - it was a white fish (similar to orange roughy)  that sat on top of thinly sliced potatoes fanned around the plate - mmmm. We were so full at the end of the meal that we had to pass on dessert. We wished we had tried the Grand Tasting Menu since we enjoyed every dish...but maybe next time.The best fine dining restaurant we have in Philadelphia, I love the art of dining out and Vetri is the place to do so.  The staff is amazing and knowledgeable and friendly.  I always do the Chef's menu with the wine pairing.  The food is spectacular.Exquisite cuisine. Expected price. Unexpected meal. 
Went there with a table of six so we did the tasting menu.  The waiter informed us that instead of each of us choosing we would be brought out a sampling of each course. While this is nice to try everything, I was served a few dishes that were good, but i was jealous of what the person next to me ended up with (eg. the foie gras pastrami, while unique, is not how i like my liver. I like it seared to perfection not cold)
A few that stood out from the pack. 
foie gras pastrami: interesting but like i said, i like mine seared and dripping with fat. not cold.
Braised Rabbit: excellent
Almond tortellini: unexpected flavor combination but out of this world
roasted goat: very very tender. again very unexpected flavor combonations
there were several fresh made pasta dishes that I lost track of but all were unreal in terms of the quality of ingredients and the freshness of the pasta
 my dessert was the donuts which were good but im a chocolate gal so was super jealous of my friend who DID get the chocolate dessert. 
I would definitely go back but perhaps order from the dinner menu rather than the tasting.The space was nice, the service was impeccable and most every course was acceptable... but it was all rather forgettable.  Decent Italian-inspired food is rather ubiquitous these days and, besides the onion crepe, nothing really transcended beyond that.  The seafood dishes were particularly uninspired.  The pasta, albeit as delicious as homemade pasta generally is, was not very creative in my opinion.  Of course, I am holding the food to a high standard because of the price point... the correlation in this regard is not sufficient for me to want to return. 
One aside- I did not expect Mr Vetri to personally greet each diner as he walked in and through the dining room to the kitchen that day, but would have hoped for more than what seemed like a quick scan of  how business was doing.Best restaurant in Philadelphia, period. Very expensive, but worth it in spades. You have never had Italian food of this excellence. Fabulous wine list as well. Book well in advanceWWOOOWWWWWWW!!!!!  This was a totally awesome dinner!  Staff were absolutely great, comfortable, friendly, informed, helpful, and a pleasure to dine around.  Constant smiles were clearly very genuine, and the small dining space is intimate and nicely designed.
What did we eat?  With our "scores" on a 0-100 basis, this -
ANTIPASTI
Smoked Sturgeon with Peas & Crème Fraîche - 80/100
Sweet Onion Crepe with Truffle Fondue - 95/100
Tempeh Fried Catfish - 90/100
Spring Salad - 85/10 (I dislike the platter it is served on, made it difficult to eat)
Braised Snails with Ramps - 100/100
PASTA
Spinach Gnocchi with Brown Butter 100/100
Almond Tortellini with Truffle Sauce - 100/100
Pappardelle with Veal & Porcini - 100/100
Fettuccine with Morels - 100/100
Taleggio Ravioli - 100/100
KUDOS on the pasta!!
SECONDI
Roasted Turbot - 100/100
Dry Aged Ribeye - 95/100
Duck with Fennel & Blackberries - 100/100
DOLCE
Chocolate Polenta Soufflé - 100/100
Taleggio & Strawberry Danish - 90/100
On averaging out our scores for all of the food we enjoyed, they come to a rating of 95.667!  We definitely recommend that diners take the wine pairing route at such fine restaurants as Vetri.  It makes a difference in a very positive way.  The wine makes the food even better, and food makes the wine better, too.
Grand Wine Pairing for Chef's Tasting Meal ($135/person)
Noussann, Blanc du Tzante 2014 from the Valle d'Aosta, Italy (with sturgeon)
E. Pira d Figli, Dolcetta d'Alba 2014 from Piemonte, Italy (with onion crepe)
Vai della Corti, Chianti Classico 2013 from Tuscana, Italy (with spinach gnocchi)
Jacques Charlet, Pouilly-Fuissé 2012 "Les Vieux Murs," Burgundy, France (with tortellini)
Dalzocchio, Pinot Nero 2010, Tentino, Italy (with fettuccine) [better known as pinot noir]
Olga Raffault, Chinon 2011 "Les Picasses," Loire, France (with pappardelle)
Antoniolo, Gattinara 2010 "Le Castelle," Piemonte, Italy
Nanni Copé, Terre del Volturno 2012 "Sassi de Sopra de Bosco," Campania, Italy (with ribeye)
Cantina del Valdarno, Vin Santo del Chianti 2007 "La Treggiaia," Toscana, Italy (with desserts)
We also had a custom-selected dessert accompanying wine:
Silvio Carta Vernaccia Valle del Tirso IGT (NV), Sardinia, ItalySo we spent $600.. No big deal. We just moved to Philly from Manhattan... We were expecting the best of the best... Oh boy were we surprised.... If you love salt this is your jam... 4 out of the 12 dishes served were so salty we had a problem swallowing them. If you love bones and love the excuse from the waiter when telling them we found a bone that "well it's a very boney dish" if you can let that fly then great for you... The service was great though and the wine was flowing ... But the food not so much.. Wish it was a better experience and maybe we will try it again when we leave Philly..The food is beautifully prepared. The atmosphereis cozy and the service is impeccable. I really enjoyed this meal. 
This is one of the best restaurants in the city, and I can see why. I guess I just wanted to feel that the food was also some of the best that I have ever eaten. It just wasn't. I wanted to give the restaurant 3 stars because of the massive amount of disappointment that I experienced  from this highly anticipated meal. That would have been inaccurate though. It was, for all intent and purpose, a wonderful meal. The food didn't live up though. Sorry, if you think my opinion is somehow in question because I did not fall in love, but I can't help it. My tongue knows what it likes. It's a pretty close relationship so I do trust it.
I would like to go back, but the cost was quite high for the return. I love spending money on a good meal, but the food has to be first for me.We went here for our wedding anniversary. With the price being what it is, I had very high expectations--they were all exceeded. From the spritzer you get when you walk into the room to the to-go bag you get when you leave, the experience, and most importantly the food, was out of this world. 
The portions are generous and there are numerous courses so make sure you're ready to truly indulge. Don't skimp for the sake of your waistline because that would be missing the point. Definitely get the prosciutto plate--they shave it in the dining room (we were seated right next to it!) and the pillowy rich course is beyond compare. All of the pasta is delicious--let them guide you in the selection because you can't go wrong.
We did the half glass wine tasting. If we go back, we'll likely try to split a full wine tasting because it was a bit more wine than these two light-weights can handle on a Monday night.
Save this lovely experience for celebration that can live up to the magic and indulgence of Vetri.We had my husband's birthday dinner here last week -- and it was truly a special dining experience. We chose the grand tasting menu. The presentation was lovely, the service high-end, and each course was delicious and extremely impressive! If I were to go back and just order from the menu, I would probably select the spinach gnocchi and the turbo fillet. Even so, there were a number of menu items that were equally fantastic. 
We also agree that the sommelier was very knowledgeable and helpful. He helped us select a wonderful wine that was perfect for the tasting menu. Dessert was delightful, too. Overall, it was a great dining experience and we would definitely return! (We splurged a bit, since it was a special birthday dinner, so we were not too surprised with the bill at the end of the meal....but prepare yourself).Small, intimate, delicious and warm. Vetri serves the perfect portion, with great service and even though you are in close sitting proximity with other parties you don't know, it doesn't really matter. I came here for a friend's birthday dinner and have been wanting to go back since. You should def give this place a shot.In the last ten years, the Philadelphia dining scene has truly stepped up its game, so, even though Vetri is (or was) in the upper echelon of dining experiences, it now has serious competitors that provide gourmet tasting menus but at much, much more digestible price.
Unless you're flush with mucho dineiro, this place is a once-every-few-years-special-occasion kind of restaurant. Regardless of how perfect a dining experience is, it's always a little painful to fork out over $600 (with tip) for a meal for two. Go with someone you love (or someone else that will pick up the tab, unless that's one and the same) who is not a picky eater (aside: is there anything worse than a picky eater?) and that has a real appreciation for vino.
When you go here, you have to go all out.  Since you're shelling it out already, you might as well go full steam ahead.  Go for the Grand tasting menu with the grand wine pairings that will seriously blow your mind.  To be honest, I almost enjoyed the wine more than I did the food (more on that, later).  The staff here are so well-versed in their wine selections, it was a pleasure to hear them describe each pairing with detail and authority.  Once you are able to marry both that wine and the food, you know you have arrived.
The highlights, are, of course as everyone says, the pasta.  Rich, but light, earthy, fresh, buttery, and oh so succulent.  It takes everything in your body and good upbringing to restrain yourself from scarfing it down in two bites (although the portions are just that, two to three bites worth - or five to six conservative bites).
Everything here is well-conceived, perfectly executed and beautifully presented.  The staff is a dream.  Everything from the amuse-bouche, to the meal procession, wine service, pre-dessert, dessert and send-off is effortless and lovely.  And for that price tag, it should be.
This meal never had a low point for me, the preparation, taste and execution was consistent, right down to the fudge they send home with you.  The truly high point of the meal, are the Grand wine pairings.  Simply put: out of this world.   Maybe, that is the true test of master chef, a menu where the food and wine dance impeccably together and bring the best out of each other.  However, there were times where the wine clearly outshone the food, both in complexity and depth - and I often wanted more of the wine than I did of the food -- and I cannot believe that's the intended reaction a chef would like me to have (putting my obvious love of wine, aside, I do love food more).
So including that, the other things which are holding me back from awarding Vetri the full five stars that it definitely deserves in the grand scheme of Philadelphia restaurants are that for starters-  at the price point that Vetri charges, I would have appreciated a couple extra courses, and perhaps a palate cleanser half-way through the meal would have been nice as well.  I had no problem with the portion sizes or the duration of the dinner, but when pre-dessert came, I was not ready for the meal to be over.  I thought I deserved and paid for just a little more.  Also, as I noted in the beginning, in a town where gourmet eateries of Vetri's caliber are offering similar fare but at a more affordable cost, shouldn't Vetri strive to offer more or offer what they have to cost a little less?  My two cents.
Either way, a worthy Philly dining experience.  Warm up your credit card (or two).Vetri has been on my list for a while, so for NYE, I scored a reservation and I was absolutely wowed! The staff was just fabulous; from the greeter to the servers, Vetri ran like a well oiled machine. After being in business for so many years, I guess they have had a lot of practice and they definitely do it right. I arrived about 15 minutes prior to my reservation and was offered a glass of Prosecco while I waited for my table. Very nice touch!
I love the quaintness of Vetri. The decor is simple, yet timeless and very warm and inviting. I have dined at many restaurants where a tasting menu is offered I think Vetri is a great deal. The price point is extremely reasonable for the amount of food you receive. 
The menu has so many fantastic options and I pretty much had the opportunity to try all of the dishes on my wish list. I so wanted the salt baked branzino, especially after viewing the presentation at the table next to me, but you have to at least have a party of 2 as it is the whole fish that they fillet for you. So, what did I have?
First off, their house bread is so good, I wish they would sell it by the loaf. 
Antipasti: tuna crudo, sweet onion crepe w/truffle fondue, foie gras, langoustine w/foriana
Secondi: Duck with chicory
Pasta: Swiss chard gnocchi with brown butter, almond tortellini w/truffle sauce, tajarin w/king crab and caviar
Dessert: pistachio flan...not to be confused with traditional flan. Vetri's take on this classic dish was divine!! Totally out of the box from the norm.Expensive but worth it for a special occasion. The complimentary glass of asti was a wonderful touch. Didnt eat all day in preparation for this and was not dissappointed. The homemade pastas were the star of the show, would go every week if I could afford it :)One of the most memorable dining experiences I've ever had. Service was impeccable, every course was delicious. There's honestly not one bad thing I can say about Vetri. It was worth every penny.Wow.  This is definitely the type of place you save the 5 star review for, and it completely lived up to our expectations.  Each course (between the two of us, we tried 12+) was delectable, the wines were all delicious, and the service gracious and personable.  It was so cozy and pleasant we kept requesting after dinner drinks so we wouldn't have to leave.  Okay, so that really means that we just asked for a cup of tea after our coffee, but you get the point.  Onion/cheese crepe, almond tortellini, duck ravioli, sweetbreads et cetera.  Each bite tasty.   We were relieved when we were done with dessert, because we wouldn't have been able to eat more, but we wouldn't have been able to resist, either.  Definitely THE place to go to celebrate a really special occasion.This place is great! I took my clients there on a weekday in the evening without hesitation. when you have a crowd that truly needs impressing, this place is top notch. Since moving from NYC, I'm curating a list of must go to. Add this to yours it won't disappoint.Omg amazing!! We are foodies from California and self proclaimed wine fanatics and this meal was impressive. Very impressive. Yes I had to make reservations 3 months in advance for this date and time (so glad I did as I'm her just for 2 nights). So worth it. Exceptional service. Amazing wine parings and the food was F***ing fantastic. I don't mean to be vulgar but I can't help it. 
The "storefront" was so cute. If you blinked you missed it. The inside was super pleasant. The only drawback was they must have recipients waxed/polished their floors as my high healed shoes provided no traction when I "skated" to the bathroom. Kind of embarrassed but yet sooo didn't care because the food and service was THAT GOOD. Ladies just keep this in mind if you recently had your red bottoms rehealed as you'll be skating to the bathroom.....so not elegantly. LolA fun experience that can be a bit drawn out. Love that you tell them your dislikes and likes and dont have to worry about the rest. So many courses that we left full. Not an everyday dinner, but very pleasant for special occasions. Did not feel too foo foo. The food was delicious, a bit on the more adventurous side, but very tasty. We had a pear sorbet and it was very very sweet. The least favorite of the night.I do not know how I overlooked Vetri for four years while going to school in Philadelphia. On a recent trip back (this past Thursday) to Philly I decided to check out Vetri after reading reviews in GQ and the New York Times. I was not disappointed. My meal blew me away. 
The local farmer vegetable soup was good. The foie gras pastrami with fruit mustard was excellent. This dish is served cold along with artisan bread on the plate and the fruit mustard was basically a black raspberry preserve that perfectly complemented the pastrami of foie gras and herbs. 
Having the option of ordering a half portion of pasta allowed me to sample the fettuccine with octopus bolognese. This dish was very good and very light. For my own personal taste the dish was slightly over seasoned. I still enjoyed the dish and would order it again. 
The baby goat with polenta was very simple, yet very elegant. The dish consisted of only the goat and its crispy skin and two ribs served over polenta. This dish was extremely good. It may seem boring but the simplicity is what makes the dish top notch. 
Spinach gnocchi was very rich and very good. I could see how someone would not be able to finish this dish alone because of the richness. I've never had gnocchi so light in texture before, they were great. 
The Tuscan white and focaccia bread with olive oil and olives was available throughout the meal. 
For desert the blueberry doughnuts with blueberry gelato and stone fruit tart with almond gelato did not disappoint. The only complaint I can make is very minor; the blueberry gelato was a little too cold. 
Vetri also has a very affordable wine list with bottles as low as $35. 
Vetri turned out to be one of the best, maybe the best, food experiences I've had in Philadelphia. It will be the first place I go to on my next trip back to Philly.Wow. Just wow. From the service, to the wine knowledge from the sommeliers, to the well cooked plates from the talented chefs, a 14 course meal does it justice. It's is a very low key place with jazz music ambiance. You need a reservation and be prepared to spend a pretty dime. My boyfriend bday I went with a nice appetite and left pretty full and satisfied with it all. The end with the delicious desserts as phenomenal and pleasing to the pallet and taste buds. They give you a menu of food and desserts options that might come out but if you notice something you like and must be out you can choose it. Also, you have a choice to select the upgrade to try a glass of wine with every plate that comes out to compliment the food. 
All and all I give it a great review.A great place to wine and dine with friends! We went on weeknights after work. Pricey food that's worth every penny. They get busy, but service is very good and consistent.Honestly, I was somewhat nervous about going to Vetri.  "Best Italian Restaurant in America" is pretty hefty praise, and most of the time I hear something of that nature I end up leaving the experience thinking it was overhyped, for lack of a better term.
But believe the Vetri hype.  The food is phenomenal, the prix fix dining experience is excellent - a glass of prosecco to start your meal, a couple cookies and a menu in a souvenier bag when you leave - and the selection of Italian craft beers is excellent.  That's all I have to say.  
It's certainly expensive, but if you think there's any dinner for two out there that's worth $400, Vetri is it.Now that I've eaten there, here's a review of my experience at the restaurant.  Although I'm updating the review instead of re-writing it, because I believe in first impressions, I'm not going to hold it against the food/ service!
We arrived on time but had to wait for our seats for about fifteen minutes.  I kind of like seeing that because it means that diners are enjoying their time at the restaurant and want to hang out for a bit.  The hostess offered prosecco to those of us waiting, which was a nice gesture.
The tasting menu was definitely much more than the expected five courses.  We weren't exactly counting (until we looked back upon the meal) and were just focused on the food, but we stepped out very full!  For the amount of food and the quality of ingredients, the meal was very much worth the money.  There was also a candle for us at the end of the dinner for our anniversary.  But although the experience was lovely, nothing really stood out, except for this one pasta...but even now I cannot recall what it was (just that it tasted delicious).
The food was simple and straightforward as I'd hoped, but it was so uncreative.  What I mean by this is that 1/3 of all the dishes had brown butter as its sauce.  So it wasn't really sauce but just pasta dredged in brown butter.  Also I'm very fond of the milk solids, but it was mostly the clarified butter that was in the plate :(.  I'm still excited to try other Marc Vetri restaurants, but I'm not sure about going back to Vetri.The emperor has no clothes. The tasting menu was good but tiny and frankly not worth the price tag. I'm actually embarrassed that I fell for the hype. Too long between dishes. If I ever go back (which I won't unless made to) I would only order an entree. It opened my eyes to the ridiculous food trend some restaurants have adopted of pricing that doesn't match up with the food.I was very excited to try Vetri because of a mutual working relationship with Pennsylvania-headquartered All-Clad cookware. I also own one of Chef Marc Vetri's fabulous cookbooks "Il Viaggo Di Vetri."The townhouse which is home to the restaurant is cozy, warm, and intimate. I loved the chandelier from Murano in the center of the dining room. I was very impressed with the personalized tasting menu format. After a conversation on the phone to confirm dinner and also with a waitress prior to the meal, regarding culinary lines, dislikes, dietary restrictions, and personal preferences, I feel my dinner was perfectly prepared for me. I enjoyed every course. Chef Joel Myers nailed it!! The rustic Italian fare offered innovative flavors, delightful and unique  handcrafted pasta, and delicious decadent desserts. I especially enjoyed the seasonal vegetables, persimmon salad, zucca caramelle, chestnut fettuccine with wild boar ragu, corzetti with charred Trevino ragu, salted crusted Branzino, and the chocolate polenta souffle. The vegetables and fruit were seasonal and fresh. The grains used in the pasta, bread, and pastry are house milled. I also enjoyed local cheese before the dolce course. I highly recommend selecting the wine pairing to elevate the dining experience. Wines are specifically paired and compliment explosive-flavored entrés from the chef's tasting menu. I appreciated the attention to detail such as the proper flatware for each course and the varietal-specific stemware. I also enjoyed the to-go bag with yummy biscotti. The restaurant and service is gracious and they desire to please. The dining experience at Vetri reminds me of similar experiences at Michelin-starred restaurants in Europe but the service flow wasn't as fluid or smooth. Expect a fabulous meal.  This restaurant has heart and soul.  I appreciated not being rushed during the meal or feeling pressure (like most US restaurants) that the tables need to turn. Enjoy and appreciate the total dining-experience at Vetri. (PS...bring a healthy appetite because this is an epic feast!)  The perfect place to dine to celebrate a special occasion. The classes (taught upstairs) look amazing. For information check Vetricucina.com. www.vetriristorante.com @vetricucinaMy husband just took me here for our anniversary! Most amazing food and so romantic! :)
http://babymommablog.com/3876/activity/vetri-ristorante-review/Disclaimer: I haven't actually eaten here yet...but we have a reservation! Feb. 6th for an early valentines day dinner. I promise I will update my review with thoughts on our actual meal. All I have to say right now is that when we met Thomas Keller at French Laundry and told him we just moved to Philadelphia, he recommended Vetri "if you like pasta". Done.awesome. we try to make it to vetri once a year.  typically a special occassion, i always enjoy the level of thought, execution and great service.  since i have been back to the philly area, we have enjoyed vetri several times - spinach gnocchi, almond tortelini, squid ink pasta, foi and pate amuses.. special place.The last time I was in the area, I visited this restaurant with a friend (CAD).  This restaurant was only a short walk from our hotel.  We had the tasting menu, which we both enjoyed immensely.  My friend said she especially enjoyed the wine pairing.
This is one of the better tasting menus that my friend and I have tried.i haven't eaten here yet but this review is based on an incident we had with this restaurant while making a reservation for our anniversary.  we would be traveling from ny to go eat at vetri.  
after my bf made the reservation for this restaurant about a month ago for sept, the restaurant called back twice.  when my bf picked up, he found that the phone call was to inform him that the restaurant is tasting menu only that costs xxx amount of money and if it was ok with him, esp with drinks and everything.  
now i dont know if this is their standard protocol, or if someone made a judgement call of their own, but my bf has a very generic hispanic last name, so that makes me a little suspicious.  we found this phone call to be very rude.  we have both been working in nyc fine dining restaurants for years but  we have never encountered this sort of situation.  it's just so disappointing because ive been a huge fan of chef marc ever since i began cooking, and friends that have worked with chef marc tell me the experience is amazing.  i've been wanting to go to vetri ever since i started cooking and now the phone call leaves us with a bad taste in our mouths before we even have the chance to go there and taste the food.Vetri is very good. You don't get this many awards and become this well-known without doing something right. Everything about the experience, from the food to the service to the ambiance, was very good. I think the only problem I had at Vetri was that I went in with such high expectations. Given the hype surrounding the restaurant, I'm not sure what I thought would happen once I walked through its fabled doors - the heavens would open and choirs of angels would come out singing the praises of chestnut fettuccine? Obviously that didn't happen. Perhaps had I given myself this teeny reality check before dinner began, Vetri would be getting five stars. 
They are now only offering the fixed price menu, so my thoughts on specific plates are largely irrelevant. We did try many of the dishes Vetri is known for, including the sweet onion crepe, spinach gnocchi, and roasted capretto (baby goat!) - that was actually my goal in squeezing in a meal before they made the menu switch, since I wanted to make sure I was able to try all of these in one go. The food definitely met my expectations, especially the pasta (which is available in half-portions - we shared 3 half-portions among four of us as a first course, which gave everyone a taste of many of the pastas but left us with plenty of room for the larger entrees). My favorite was the sweet onion crepe, the table's favorite was the spinach gnocchi. I was underwhelmed by dessert but I made the mistake of ordering something without the word 'chocolate' in the description so I deserved it. 
Service was good but not overly impressive, and the restaurant feels a little crowded - the ambiance is not what I'd expect from a restaurant with this kind of price tag. When I go out, I'm there to eat - but I also appreciate the experience of dining out. I didn't feel the atmosphere at Vetri quite lived up to the quality of the food. That being said, I'm looking forward to heading back to try the Degustazione - word on the street is that's how Vetri should be experienced.Finally took the plunge and splurged at Vetri. Was it good, yes. Was it the best meal I've ever had? No. Best meal I've ever had in Philadelphia? No. Best meal I've ever had in the 19107 zip code? Sorry, no again. Am I a bit disappointed after reading all the accolades and reading Vetri's interviews, etc.? Yes. Am I glad I went? I think so. But would I return, no.
Anyone who knows me knows I'm a bit of a foodie. Vetri's been on my "must try" list for years. And with the spate of closing that've recently hit some Philadelphia favorites, I wanted to make sure I got to experience it...just in case.
The service was great: polite, smiling, complimentary prosecco upon arrival, etc. I was also super-impressed with the de-crumbing skills.
The decor was lovely: simply ornate chandelier; large floor-to-ceiling mirror between the windows on Spruce Street; hand-blown, heavy water glasses; an impressive espresso machine on display on the sideboard; and incredibly delicate (wish I owned them all) wine, spirits, and beer glasses.
The food...overall, every dish that was not meant to be sweet was on-the-edge-of too salty (a few aspects tipped over into simply-too-salty, e.g., the potatoes under the goat). What the kitchen got very right: the bread (e.g., the grain bread that came out first was awesome--I would stock my house with that bread, with the grains adding interest and texture without being dry), the Tuna Crudo (loved the celery leaves, crisp Granny Smith apple slices, and parsnip, though my fellow diner thought the mixture overpowered the fragile flavor of the tuna); the Spinach Gnocchi with Brown Butter (pillow-like gnocchi rivaling those found at Ristorante La Buca); the Almond Tortellini with Truffle Sauce (fantastic texture and a sop-every-last-drop-with-your-bread sauce!); the pre-dessert sweet cream gelato with fruit and lemon poppy-seed cake (tasted like a whipped-cream gelato with zesty, slightly sour fruit and a perfectly cooked cake); and the Chocolate Polenta Souffle (perfectly executed).
As I stated initially, it was a good meal. However, there are other restaurants with as good service, better food (where every dish makes you sigh with happiness and start thinking about who you can convince to go out to dinner with you so you can go back again), and a lower price tag. Perhaps those other restaurants don't have the specific luxury that Zahav offers; however, I'll take service and food over white tablecloths and beautiful glasses any day.Dinner cost ~$500 plus tip, so I'm reviewing in light of that fact.  Food was good, but I've been to many fine dining restaurants and this just isn't quite there.  I didn't find the pastas nearly as amazing as everyone says.  That said, the wine pairing was **outrageous**!!  Had we not done the wine pairing, I would have been extremely disappointed.  Food was just a notch above average.Second visit; dishes tasted as below:
Proseco
Canapes - Balsamic Soaked apples, Herbed vegetable torte, House made chorizo, Black pepper salumi, Foie gras pastrami with coriander and black pepper fennel moustarda over brioche
Crudites - Fennel, Zucchini, Carrot, Radish, Balsamic Crema
House Bread - Focaccia and Filone Italian yeast bread with Gaeta Olives and Butter
Monkfish in Carpione - Dredged in rice flour, Fried in olive oil, served with pickled carrots, fennel, celery
Lamb Chorizo with Favas and Mint, chili oil
Bandera Quail with Rosemary Potatoes and Grapes under a Sauce of cognac, cipollini onions, chicken liver, sage, and cream
Sweet Onion Crepe with Truffle Fondue
Almond Tortellini with Truffle Sauce, Toasted Almond, Parmesan
Sweet Pea Agnolotti with Prosciutto, Robiola Cheese, Ricotta Salata
Spinach Gnocchi with Brown Butter
Fettucine with Morels and Parmesan
Duck Confit Ravioli with Pinot Noir, Thyme, and Currants
Rabbit Papardelle with Cacio Al Tartufo, Carrots, Pecorino, and Black Truffle
Roasted Capretto with Stone Milled Polenta
Line Caught Alaskan King Salmon with Strawberries and Asparagus
Maialino with Fiddlehead Ferns and Mostarda, crispy skin, sage, pancetta, and Vidalia onions
Cheese Board - Honey from Abruzzese, Red Wine Applesauce, Toasted Milk Bread, Bagoss, Verde Capra, Testun al Barolo, Casatica, Pecorino Foglie di Noce
Coconut Sorbet with Chocolate and Almonds
Pistachio Flan with White Chocolate Gelato
Chocolate Polenta Soufflé
Oatmeal and Blueberry Trifle - Served in a Mouth-Blown Kosta Boda Glass
Petit Fours - Chocolate Apricot Macarons, Strawberry Gelee, Cocoa Fudge
Brulee Marshmallow Meringue
...I'd been to Vetri before as a solo and this time I went back with friends who'd been as well but having e-mailed the restaurant to inquire about an extended tasting what we received was more-or-less every single dish on the Vetri menu that evening, each diner receiving a different dish for each course and each dish exquisitely prepared and presented - some identical to our prior visits and some entirely new.
Simply stated, when I walked into Vetri on 5/26/12 it was my second visit - the other visit, nearly 21 months prior, my favorite Italian meal of all time by a small margin. When I walked out of Vetri on 5/26/12 the prior meal was my second favorite Italian meal of all time - the Maialino, Monk Fish, and Sweet Pea Agnolotti all amongst the best new dishes I ate during my trip through DC, Baltimore, and Philadelphia in May of 2012...and that isn't even mentioning the repeat dishes such as the gnocchi which rank amongst the best ever.This place is very cozy and the service is spectacular. From the moment you come in till the end of the meal, the staff make a huge effort to attend to every single detail. Unfortunately, the food didn't compare to the service. Nothing really impressed us and will make us want to go back. I think there are better options in Philly but if you want to a romantic spot. This might impress a date because of the effort, not the food.The room and the ambiance alone are worth the trip.
Very romantic. Great vibe. Great music. Very intimate.
Every course was very very good. 
The Tortellini pie was my favorite, by far.
Excellent wine list, and service that was aimed to make sure that not a single part of your night was "off" in any way shape or form.
(We were in the blast zone of the AC, and they were kind enough to move us to another available table).
The pastas, breads and everything made from grain had excellent flavor, but turns out they source their own grains and work with farms directly, etc.I've been meaning to write a review for quite some time now. Vetri was one of, if not the best dining experiences I've had. Over the summer my fiancé and I were engaged and we went to Vetri to celebrate. The service was impeccable. The servers and host made us feel so special and recognized our engagement with much congratulations. We were seated in the perfect sweetheart table in the corner. We began our dinner with a complimentary champagne, followed by perfection in every course. Our server asked our tastes to make sure we would like all of the various chefs choices. The food, wine and cheeses were all of the best quality and truly made for a wonderful evening. Vetri completed our story and was worth every penny. We will be returning and I'd love to make it a tradition each year for our anniversary.This place takes the cake. First prize in Philly. No doubt. It's Michelin-worthy both on taste and service. It's a tasting menu with choices, a gentle stroll on a culinary adventure where you can just let go of the wheel. Yeah, you can pick what you want and more importantly you can pick what you don't want... but why would you? All kidding aside the pasta dishes, bread and wine pairing are killer. This was my favorite in Philly hands down.Fabulous dining experience. Accommodated gluten-free for each course. Favorites were the sweet onion crepe, prosciutto cotto, mafaldini w pork shank ragu, wild rose ranch grass fed beef, coconut pana cotta, chocolate polenta souflee.Vetri was in a league of its own. It's better than some of the best restaurants in the country - like eleven Madison park or per se in nyc. The staff is fun and knowledgeable and very welcoming. Each dish was carefully crafted and perfect. 
Overall it was a 20/10 experience and one id do again in the near future. Great night!!I'm glad I finally made it to Vetri. We waited for 1 month for a reservation (a little ridiculous) but the wait was worthwhile. We did the Saturday grand tasting course. The course comprised of tasty, seasonal dishes. The smoked froie gras amuse bouche, red snapper crudo amuse bouche with sprinkle of sea salt, sweetbread with porcini mushroom, veal ravioli, dry-aged ribeye, chocolate souffle were perfectly seasoned and prepared.
Service was by far the best I've had in anywhere in Philadelphia. The staff was attentive, not pretentious, but very knowledgeable about the food, and, most importantly, really enthusiastic about the food at Vetri (but not in an annoying way). With every change of the course, the silverware was switched, the table was cleaned with scraper, and the water was filled.
If you haven't been there and is waiting for a place to splurge a little bit in Philadelphia, you should definitely come here.Took my wife here for her birthday last night. The meal was wonderful and it needed some serious reflection. You are paying a lot of $ here and you really want each bite to challenge and excite your palate in ways unimaginable. That's a hard task. I can say everything I ate was very good with some dishes amazing. We did the wine pairings which I thought were "spot on." But definitely what truly sets this place apart is the experience. The service is impeccable. Very conversational and interested in your likes/dislikes, etc. They really want the kitchen to impress you. For me, I was genuinely excited for each dish, wondering what are they going to bring me next, what kind of wine? Will I get the baby goat? (I didn't, didn't see it among the offerings last night :( 
I'm not going to break down each dish, but my favorite definitely was the rabbit with pappardelle pasta. Upon tasting this, it took me back to flavors I last had when I was a young boy in my grandmother's kitchen. It just hit the spot and it's that taste that I'm craving right now. The wine was perfect with it too. I also really enjoyed the lamb chorizo which I felt was spicy, yet percectly cooked and paired with a nice Rioja red. I tasted my wife's sweet onion crepe (a Vetri signature dish) which was so sweet, so delicate and rich. I thought the spinach gnocchi which most rave about was good, but not as good as the above 3 dishes. 
So overall, for me it was the experience that made it so special. The anticipation of the dishes, the service, the little bag of our menus with treats and the ability to eat things I've never had before on any menu in this city. Will I go back? Not anytime soon, I'll wait a few years to see what it can evolve too next and give it another run for my money.I called Vetri a few days in advance and was able to make a reservation for that Friday (although not until 9:15 PM).  We were seated immediately  and served a glass of prosecco while we got settled.  Given that it was a Friday, we had the grand tasting menu.  Other reviewers have commented on the tasting menu not being worth the price given the portion size and their preference to order  la carte but I felt like it took the pressure off ordering and let me enjoy a variety of what the restaurant had to offer.  
The menu changes periodically so I don't know how much utility there will be in describing each dish.  Things that I felt stood out though were the spinach gnocchi, softshell crab, and chocolate souffle.  
They also offer a wine pairing with each of the 7 courses (half a glass of wine) for $90 a person.  Me and my date were a little hesitant to do that and the waiter graciously offered to bring us glasses of wine that they felt would pair well with the food as we wanted them.  
Prices are high - spent close to $400 for 2 people.  The service is excellent - polite, accommodating, without a sense of arrogance.  The ambience is dark and quiet - great for a date and good conversation.  Vetri isn't a place I'm going to be going to every weekend but definitely a top choice for a special occasion.Hands down, the single greatest meal I've had in my life!  Spinach gnocchi are beyond written description, but that is far from the only highlight.
Go there!  If you can't afford it, then save your money and go later.
I've been twice, the second time I traveled half way across the country simply for that meal. 
Don't concern yourself with petty complaints about food preferences and waiting or service.  Go for the food and eat what they serve you, because it is remarkable what this group of people can do to/with food. BTW, both times our service was impeccable and the environment perfect to enjoy a truly remarkable meal.
P.S. don't both buying the cook book (like I did) because you can make this at home!It's been a while since I've been to Vetri, but I always promised myself I'd write a review. I've been all over the world. Italy, England, France, you name it and this place is the best meal I've ever had hands down. My parents took me as my college graduation present and it was everything I'd hoped for and more. The breads to start off the meal were absolutely to die for. I know a lot of people don't care about this part of the meal, but as an Italian, I really really do. My favorite part of the tasting menu was some sort of savory onion tart. I wish I could remember exactly what it was called, but to this day I can still remember how delicious it was. Whenever anyone says they are going to philly, I tell them that they must stop at Vetri. It is certainly pricey, but I felt like it was worth every single cent. I can't wait to return for my next special occasion.Almost a perfect dining experience. Vetri is a Philadelphia legend I finally had the chance to experience... and what an experience it was. From the minute we were greeted the front of house staff was amazing. They were extremely accommodating, and friendly. The somm was awesome! Great, easy to understand tasting notes with a number of different wines to try was exactly what we needed. The meal was tailored to our tastes and they did a stellar job providing us each with dishes that we would like. Standouts: proscuitto cotto, swiss chard gnudi, almond and truffle tortellini, pistachio dessert, guinea hen. Remarks: wild boar ragu was a bit over seasoned, balsamic macaron was a bit too vinegary. Amazing meal! Can not wait to go again.Literally one of the best meals I have ever had. The plates were on point, perfected and well portioned. The space is especially warm as is the service. The pasta-based plates were memorable in that they were filling yet never heavy which is a very fine line to be able to balance.My husband and I went to Vetri last night for our 2 year wedding anniversary!  This place is amazing!  Like some of the comments, initially the menu seems a little weird, you're really not sure what's going to be good, bad, whatever.  Because my husband and I simply did not know what certain things were on the menu, we just asked!  Our server gave us great descriptions of what to expect out our selections.
We ordered the foie gras pastrami which was a piece of heaven!  The foie gras melted, literally melted in your mouth.  It was paired some sort of jam which went so well!  I recommend everyone to try this dish!
For pastas, we had the spinach gnocchi....that's also a must try!  You can do half portions if you want to try different things so we had a half order of this dish, AMAZING!  We also had the stuffed pappardelle with shaved foie gras...again, half order so we were able to taste it.  It wasn't my favorite dish on the menu but it was absolutely delicious!
For our main course, we had the risotto with duck.....delicious and the baby goat.  We cook goat at home all the time so it was interesting to taste braised goat.  We probably won't order it again since it wasn't absolutely great.....it was good, but not great.
For the desserts we had the chocolate pollenta souffle and the pistachio flan.....both are out of this world....I recommend getting both.
We will definitely be back to Vetri.  It was a great experience.  It's great for a date, anniversary, birthday, or just because.Ah, so good.  We did the Chef's Grand Tasting Menu the day after Christmas, and I was completely in love with the service and the food.  One tip: no need to do a wine tasting/pairing with it - just ask the sommelier to recommend some delcious wines that go with your food and you won't leave too drunk to drive home.
But please go.  For your sake.Stopped by on the recommendation of a airline ticketing agent after a cancelled flight.  This made the interrupted travel plans nearly worth it.  The margherita pizza had just the right tartness in the sauce and the fresh basil was simply divine.  Crust was cooked perfectly.  I love this place.3 1/2 hours of Perfection. The staff was gracious and very accommodating.  Ambiance is quaint and intimate.  The decor and dinnerware makes you feel like you are in an old world Italian home.  You will get a list of the courses and wine pairings. Enjoy your experience!Not really a fan of this type of restaurants to begin with, as it's never what you think.  Went there a couple of weeks ago on a Friday night (late review).  The chef doesn't know me and will not know me any better by me simply telling the waiter that I don't care for clams or any other little facts that I share- so a meal is not created or prepared for me specifically!  The chef has made a few dishes, which you receive,  based on what you do and don't like on the general menu that they present to you.  The point of such a restaurant is too eagerly await the next course.  I did not find this to be the case- and in fact, each course was overly emphasized with heavy butters or sauces, that not only do you not get the true taste of what you are eating, but by the end of dinner, you need an alka seltzer to counter all the rich food- I did not find any of the courses to be more than just ok.  On top of this, the inside of the restaurant is very small and you are sitting very close to your neighbor and it lacks ambiance of any sort.  To top it off, there was a bug roaming around our table to I finally trapped it under my water glass.  When I told the waiter, he removed my glass and used his finger to squash and remove it- again-he used his fingers to kill and remove the bug off our white table cloth- not cool.  There was 4 of us and after dinner, a couple of drinks, and tip, our bill was over $1,000! Philadelphia has some tremendous restaurants and this was definitely not one of them.  And need I say, way over-priced.  The only reason that I gave this restaurant any stars at all was that the wait staff was very attentive.I was here a few years ago so I'm not going to go into alot of detail. We were a party of 6 and all had the grand tasting with wine. I'm happy to hear that is all they offer now because when you go to Vetri this is what it is all about. I can say with utter certainly that my dinner there was probably the best meal I've ever had: impeccable service, delicious food with top notch ingredients (just for reference I've eaten all over the world, from street food in Japan to michellen starred restaurants in France). Virtually every dish exploded with flavor and was artfully presented and each course seemed to arrive at the perfect time. We had a late reservation and toward the end of the meal we were the only table left and there was an entire brigade of cooks working the kitchen just for us!  Also, the wine tasting was well well well worth it - not necessarily constant pours of expensive trophy wines like Gaja or Sassiccia but rare and interesting wines you won't find anywhere else. Most important they were perfectly matched, a different wine, with each dish (12 courses? 12 wines!) by the friendly sommelier. ...oh and the pours were quite generous (my wife had to drive home). The entire experience was just superb. Everytime I go out to eat, Vetri crosses my mind and I look forward to returning someday. Yes, it's expensive but worth every penny. trust me. Philadelphia is lucky to have it.Ok...  So I've eaten at Vetri probably 8-10 times so I'm very familiar with it.  Usually crush the grand tasting with wine flight on the weekend.  This place used to be one of the best spots in the city, but since Marc Vetri has left to go full Steven Starr money grubber opening up crappy spot after crappy spot (Except Amis that is banging) the place has just dropped off.  It's not like the food is bad, but it's the biggest rip-off in the city.  I've probably only paid for a bill here once or twice, which is the only reason I have gone so many times.  If it was on my dime forget it.  I remember one meal which friends were paying for, we had a goat course which was just dry and horrible, and we had the spinach gnocchi which I've had there 6 times and they were tasteless and mushy.  I'm sorry, if you're charging north of $300 per person, then everything better be spectacular every time - no it better be LEGENDARY every time.  It's just not the same as it used to be. Vetri used to hand paint the menus and plan all these ridiculous menu items, now it's basically standard stuff with the occasional new item.  Wine flight is usually unremarkable as well.  Save your money and go to Spraga for the chef's tasting counter, or Vernick (crushes all Vetri restaurants) or La Croix for 4-courses for $75.  Way better ways to spend your money than think you're the coolest kid on the block going to this wack overpriced pretentious donkey paradise.This was really an exceptional special birthday meal for me. Every dish had a special touch and amazing flavors. We had some stand out favorite dishes. The carmelized onion crepe was creamy and delicious. The duo of gnocchi were out of this world - one with an amazing roasted almond butter flavor. Also the special squash ravioli was amazing. Nothing beats a restaurant with two dessert course - the first being smalls cookies and candies and the second full size desserts. Wow! The accompanying ice creams were out of this world as well. 
Not sure if this is a place that we can be regulars to because of the price but what a special night! We will definitely be coming back here one day though.Thank heaven I ate here. We were in Philly for our anniversary on the fourth of July and found more than several great reviews of Vetri and had to try it. Vetri is now in my dreams. I will forever remember my fabulous meal and evening I had.
First, Vetri is tiny about 35 seats, very cozy and intimate with whimsical touches including in the bathroom where the walls behind the sinks are covered with broken sections of ceramic plates.
Second, the service was wonderfully attentive, informative and not intrusive. They even helped us find a cab on a horribly rainy night -- I had not realized the poor man was wading through ankle deep water trying to find a cab for us for over 15 minutes. Now that is dedication. 
Finally - the food. We had the tasting menu -- which is personalized to your likes and dislikes. Every course was more amazing than the last.  The gnocchi -- I will always compare future gnocchi to this experience. 
Do not miss this dining experience!On our brisk ascent up the stairs of Vetri's tiny row home, I caught a glance of the potted plants, neatly kept shutters, and modestly proportioned sign.  A quiet confidence that does very little to give away the quality of food within.
A small dining room with an even smaller capacity for parties of 6, it took a while to coordinate our visit.  Decor is well coordinated and actually quite demure given the price tag.  A relaxing, welcoming atmosphere that helps detach you from the center city bustle.  Service is excellent, no surprise there.
Some things I remember from the meal.  A platter of bite sized cured meats, foie gras, and salad was first.  Served family style, it was a good way to try a lot of small items and get things started.
Little monkfish, fried whole, arrived in the table center.  No need to coax us in with the deftly intact lore hovering over its grouchy under bite, the presentation was all the enticing we needed.  Delicious, creative, and a perfect fish to serve whole since the edible area is free of bones. 
Asparagus flan tagged along with the monkfish, and really got overshadowed in spite of being smooth and flavorful.
Sweet onion crepe with truffle fondue was delicious and among the consensus favorites.  
Lamb Chorizo with fava and mint.  Subtle kick, excellent when there was a mint-heavy bite.
Spinach gnocchi with brown butter was a table favorite with its deep green color.
Almond Tortellini with truffle sauce.  Like an almond cookie in delicate pasta, it was interesting despite being a little less complex than some other courses.
Braised veal breat with endive salad was good on its own, but the Barolo pairing really helped take it to the next level.  
Speaking of wine, we opted for the grand pairing and for the most part it was outstanding.  An nice mix of wines focusing mainly on Italy and its immediate neighbors, they were an excellent complement to the food.  Passito with dessert was exactly what I was hoping for.
Vetri really stuck to a strong Italian inspiration in their dishes, which may seem kind of obvious, but at the same time the drive for creativity and presentation at this level of restaurant can at times strip out all traditional cultural references from the food.  I liked that they retained some of that feeling, even though it sometimes left the dishes suffering from a shallower flavor.
Pacing was perfect, translating to just over 3 hours.
Some dishes weren't as big of a hit, but that happens even at the best places.  It can be hard to tell where a great restaurant leaves off and great company kicks in sometimes.  I'll say that we undoubtedly had a fantastic time, and I feel confident saying Vetri is among the best dining experiences in the Philadelphia region.Awesome wait staff. Service here is very professional and commendable, surprisingly a notch above even Le Bec Fin's. 
Numerous times in the past, I've never had a chance to dine here simply because I mostly used to do day trips to Philly and Vetri only opens for dinner. So this time when I was here in Philly over a long weekend, I made sure to stop by Vetri before I headed out of Philly.
I went with the signature dishes and ordered the foie gras with pastrami (wow I was a lil surprised by the combination when I first read it on the menu) but it was an interesting one indeed! This was the first time I've tasted foie gras terrine in a smoky and really delicious manner. Thumbs up for this even though the thought of the combi may have put me off a lil initially.
Thereafter, I had the spinach gnocchi for my main. I must say though I was a little upset that my waitstaff failed to mention that they do half servings for the pasta dishes, for I would have just done that. Back to the gnocchi. While I have had spinach gnocchi at other places before, the one here is out of the ordinary. Their gnocchis are sized like brusselsprouts and have a deep olive green color - literally rolled up spinach and flour with more spinach than flour content perhaps? The taste was ok, nothing mindblowing, just good old fashioned Italian.
All in all, I enjoyed my dinner and then scurried out of Philly, glad I was able to make the stop.Wonderful Valentines Day Dinner--Chefs Tasting Menu.  So rich, so good, so decadent.  What an experience!  The staff and service were terrific!  I can't say enough about them and the overall service experience.  The food...the food!!!So it was delicious. Heavy and sometimes imbalanced on some of the plates, but really really a great meal. 
They greet you with a glass of prosecco (great start), and we chose a bottle for the whole meal vs. going for the tasting. 
I went for my boyfriend's birthday dinner, and I know that he fully enjoyed the meal! Some of the dishes in the middle were a bit heavy for me, but that's just a stylistic/taste preference. For every course, we both were given two different plates, which I thought was AWESOME. In addition, they also give a third plate to share per course, so it was actually like a 12 course meal vs. 7. 
best part: dessert. besides the petit-fours that are given, I had this pistachio 'flan' cake. THIS CHANGED MY LIFE FOR THE BETTER. It was like a pistacio macaron (the french kind, not 'macaroon') lava cake with pistachio cream inside. 
The service was impeccable, and it was truly a great birthday dinner. I might need a little more time to wait before I go back there again, due to the heaviness of the dishes, but it was still a great meal and experience. 
note: if you make a reservation, the hostesses will literally call you 3 times leading up to your reservation.This was an amazing experience in Philly! Pricey but worth it for the delicious food.  Attentive staff.  Nice atmosphere.  Enjoyed our montelpulciano!Vetri is hands down the top three restaurant in Philadelphia and I made this statement with 100% confidence. Is the food tasty? Yes. Is it overprice? Maybe. Is it the best Italian restaurant on the east coast? Definitely not. When you want fine dinning without being flashy/pretentious or "too see and to be seen", Vetri is your best choice when it comes to the city of brotherly love. 
I have dined at Vetri numerous of times and some of their dishes are outstanding and some of them are just average, but please also consider the fact that my opinions are subject to personal taste. Vetri is my favorite restaurant in Philadelphia because it provides a very intimate and cozy environment and its selection of wine....BAM!! To. Die. For., they knowledgeable sommeliers that is not snobby and doesn't just trying to sell you expensive wine. 
Quintarelli Amarone-  It's hard to find restaurant and stores that sell this bottle due to its relatively small production and high price, people often will just go for french wine if they are going to pay for the same amount anyways. However, this bottle is like..... Magic, OK..... I'm lying, but it is my favorite Italian wine. It's rich, big, bold, flavorful with tannin at the end, it has all the characteristics I like in wine, guy as well maybe? lol, kidding!  
Louisiana white prawn with zolfini beans- the shrimp they use is not particular impressive i.e. not super fresh or different from other restaurants, but its the dish as whole that hold this dish up to the restaurant's standards. Marc Vetri utilized the lightness of seafood and heaviness/creaminess of the bean and sauce, created this dish. 
Squid ink linguine with crab and urchin-  I suppose you should order this dish if you want something light from the restaurant, because most of the dishes they offer are pretty heavy. However, I would not order this dish again because I couldn't even taste the uni in the pasta, then what's the point or ordering uni pasta? 
Sharon fruit salad salad with arugula- don't waste your $ on this dish, trust me on this one.
Cauliflower flan with quail egg- I love this dish!! You can actually taste the cauliflower, and the flan with quail yolk MELTS in your month, very light and delicate dish.
Sweet onion crepe with white truffle- a MUST ORDER, this is one of their signature dish and it sure hold its title, it's so rich and creamy. Crepe is fulled with 10,000 caramelized onions and drizzle with white truffle sauce, have it with a few sips of wine, a winner recipe.
Spinach gnocchi with brown butter- another MUST ORDER, I remember the first time I saw this dish I thought it was brussel sprouts and it was much smoochy and creamy with I bite into, the cheese, the smell of butter....truly a memorable dish. It is however, extremely rich and fatty and I do not want to most how many sticks of butter are in those little tiny spinach balls.   
Almond tortellini with white truffle- this is suppose to be their signature dish as well, I like it but it did not strike me as.... "oh! I'm gonna order it again next time I come!". Tortellini is very tricky, it's very hard to cook it right, you often find it overcook or undertook, I think it's most likely due to the structure of it since its like a dumpling rather a pasta. Vetri sometimes can overcooked it as well, but no excuse because I eat what I pay for, and its certainly not the same price tag as dumplings.
Chestnut fettucini with boar and cocoa- not worth the $$. Keep in mind, you are a customer at Vetri that is about to spend $300 per person, hence you deserve nothing but the best! This is not the worst, but it's not the best, it's a limbo....
Baby goat with freshly stone milled polenta- lack of stickiness/flavor of goat, not worth the $$, combination of baby goat and poplenta didn't make it to the blockbuster of food pron industry.
Bistecca alla fiorentina- in my opinion, this is the one of the few proper Italian meat dish Vetri has to offer. I don't normally order red meat when I come to Vetri, but this is what you should order if your PID (Partner in Dine) wants to try some meat.
I am never a dessert person, therefore I won't make comments on their dessert.  The cheese and cured meat here.... nah.... you should just go to Di Bruno or reading terminal market. 
It is very important to know how to order at Vetri if you want a dinning experience that worth its value, but it has became harder now since they only offer tasting menu these days. Unless you go back a few times, they chief will eventually has a grasp of what you like and what you don't like. I want to give Vetri a 4.5 star but yelp doesn't have this option, the -0.5 star is due to discontinuance of a la carte. I know what they say about tasting menu, but I know what I want and I am not friends with Mr. Food Coma. It's a great place to go with someone that you can talk to or someone you want to get to know, no rigid dinning rule, just you being you, great conversation and food.By far the best meal I've ever had. The tasting menu is amazing and the wine pairings worked perfectly with every meal. Yea it's pricey but absolutely worth it. Can't wait to make this an annual traditionThis was one of the most amazing meals we have had in a long time. We went here to celebrate our 19th wedding anniversary and it did not disappoint!  
The food was spectacular and an incredible value. 
With a chef's menu, it's often a concern if the portions will be substantial -- my husband is an ultra-marathon swimmer -- but there was more than enough and then some. 
The service was second-to-none and the atmosphere was graciously superb. 
I had the wine pairing and it was outstanding. Just the right amount and exactly the proper compliment. 
We have had a place in Philly for years and I cannot believe it has taken us this long to get here. 
I promise you, Vetri will never disappoint!!After reading about it and being told by my friends how wonderful this restaurant it was, I made my reservation.
My boyfriend and I came here for dinner on a Thursday night, and we absolutely loved it!  The dishes were very well proportioned, although I finished the food, I was not overly stuffed.  The dishes were very authentic italian, none of that overly creamy stuff.  We both felt that it was definitely worth the price.
Though I have yet to try their grand tasting menu.I don't get what the big fuss about this place is. They may just have a great PR team. First attempt at Vetri was just so so. I wrote that visit off as just not finding anything that struck my fancy. Seeing that they seem to have a seasonal menu thought I would wait out the season.  Second try landed flat with same experience as well as subpar service. Have traveled Italy extensively and always search out different regional dishes to try something new. Didn't find that here either time. At the expense of this restaurant, not willing to give it another try.Well, I finally got there after 2 months of telling my girlfriend that this is all I wanted for my birthday. It was worth every penny she spent one me! We both got the tasting menu. As other people have mentioned; the pastrami, foie gras and fruit mustard amuse is probably the best things I've ever eaten. All 3 pasta dishes that we got were beyond fantastic. I got to try baby goat for the first time and it was some of the most tender meant I've ever had. Even the petit fours were amazing. There was one item that I actually thought was bad. It was polenta pound cake dessert with black berries and lemon curd. It was dry and the berries they use weren't very good (kinda crunchy). I just didn't like the dish. I won't hold that against them. The staff was absolutely fantastic. Thanks to our server, Bobby, and the sommelier, Steve. Steve, was the most down to earth and coolest sommelier I've ever interacted with. I find that some sommeliers can be stuck up and ramble on a about wine. Not this guy. He is there to make sure you are having a good time and answer any questions you might have. I wish I would have talked to him more. Please go here if you love Italian food and have the money for it. It's worth it for a special occasion. It's easier to get a table during weekdays and in the summer as compared to the rest of the year.Amazing, the best restaurant in Philly.
Had dinner there in December it was great. highlights were the prawns with white beans, almond tortellini with white truffle and spinach gnocchi in brown butter.
Tasting menu is the only option and you get as much or little input as you want. Many small plates, all delicious. 
I'd go there again in a heartbeat.Very Rich. Grand Tasting Menu. (almond tortellini, foie gras pastrami, pistachio dessert, chocolate souffle)What a meal! Possibly the best Italian meal I have ever had ,.. and I have had many inside and outside Italy.  Just superb and I remember feeling really quite sad when it was time to leave (even though the restaurant had arranged a courtesy car to take us home I was a reluctant last customer through the door). They were so many standouts on the menu but the one I will always remember was the polenta with poached egg.  So simple but such an exquisite set of tastes and textures. Oh my god... and oh anyone else's god for that matter.  Go.Marc Vetri taught me something last night...the most exquisite food just dissipates into your taste buds. There truly is no need for chewing. The anti-pastis (from the winter squash selection to the tartar); The pastas (from the almond tortellini to the spinach gnocchi); the secondis; the desserts....It is all in the act of savoring---letting your taste buds, palate, and brain do the tasting and processing, with very little need for use of your most handy resource during a meal (your teeth). 
It just melts in your mouth. That was my experience at Vetri last night. We did the grand tasting menu: plenty of delicious food. Couldn't have been happier with the choice. My favorite were his signature pasta dishes, as well as the sweet onion crepe...my goodness, every bite is like a magical onion soup jelly bean. delicious. 
The wait staff is extremely friendly and attentive. We felt very well taken care of.If you're lucky, you can go. If you went, you don't need this review. 
Best restaurant in Philly. Fact. 
Maybe too pricey, but what a great experience.This was among the finest meals we've ever had. Sublime food via the incredible tasting menu as well as perfect wine pairings for each course and often two per course. We've been here before and this meal was even more incredible than we remember our prior ones. Everything about Vetri is truly perfect. It is a special place. Be warned though, this perfection comes with an equally incredible price tag. We feel guilty spending this much on a dinner for two but if you seek a "once in a lifetime culinary experience", Vetri is unparalleled!I love many of the inexpensive Italian BYOBs in Philly... BUT, this is the best restaurant I've been to in Philly, and definitely one of my top meals overall. We went for an anniversary dinner and did the Grand Tasting Menu (though we just ordered our own bottle of wine and didn't do the wine pairing). They asked us what kind of food we like and made sure to bring us different things so that we could try a bunch of things. 
The food was absolutely incredible. Even the tiny amouse bouches (sp?) they brought at the beginning were full of flavor and totally memorable. I don't like foie gras at all, and I loved the foie gras they served. Really everything was amazing - sweet onion crepe, the wild boar ragu, all the desserts. You can't go wrong!
The atmosphere is upscale, but also very intimate and casual. There's nothing pretentious or snooty about this restaurant. The service is fantastic - properly attentive without hovering. This is the ideal place to go for a special, memorable, and absolutely amazing meal!This was the beginning of a great night, and got my weekend off to a fantastic start.  I must admit I was concerned by some of the negative reviews of this restaurant.  Wow, were they ALL wrong!  Vetri is a must if you live within a 2 hour drive of Philadelphia.  Everything was wonderful; the service, the food and the wine recommendation.  This place lived up to everything I have heard about it.  And, they are VERY accommodating. We had to leave before desert in order to make the Tony Bennett concert, and the staff asked us to return after the concert for desert.  So, we did.  When we arrived it was as if we were returning home, and they sat us promptly and served us a truly great desert selection.
A true must if you find yourself in Philadelphia.Hands down, the best meal I've ever had. Went for my birthday in Dec '14 on a weeknight and my girlfriend and I left completely impressed. The food was simple, but extremely well prepared. The menu is basically pre-selected for you, your only real option comes if you have something you really want to have - or really do not want to have. My girlfriend and I are not picky, so we trusted the chef, and were well rewarded. Both of our meals were different, as was the associated wine pairings, but both were excellent. 
Expensive, but well worth a quiet night out for a special occasion.My BF took me here for my birthday, and I had such a great (and filling) time! I had been suffering from a lot of arm issues at the time, and the meal made it go away for a few hours! 
I love how if you go with a group, each person gets a different dish on the item each time. My BF and I shared everything so we got to taste more dishes! and the dishes wouldn't stop coming! I was already so full after the gnocchi / ravioli course. Then, it was followed by more pasta! and meats! (At one point, I was secretly hoping the food was stop because my stomach would literally bust.) 
I took the petit fours home, and had a delicious snack the next day. 
1 star off for the price / plating. Call me a snob, but I just wasn't a fan of the plates / cups they used. Reminds me more of a family style casual Italian restaurant rather than the "fancier" experience that I was here for and paid for.I wish i could give zero stars. Awful. This place is resting on its rep. They ran out of everything. It sucked and was way too expensive. Do not bother.
We were charged full price though they clearly ran out of all protein and we had all vegetarian meals. the risotto tasted like rice a roni and I refused to eat it. Absolutely sucked. Too bad, we expected so much more.It's great. Best meal I've ever had. It's expensive. Most expensive meal I've ever had. If you go all in with wine pairings, be prepared and understand your meal will cost you an extreme amount of money. Only you can decide if it's worth it. It was for us and we will someday return.Old saying, you get what you pay for.  Vetri definitely abides by this, not inexpensive but worth every dollar.  The dishes served were phenomenal, the service outstanding and the ambience was what is missing in today's restaurants.  It is so nice to were a tie and jacket to dinner and not feel out of place.  We chose the wine pairing with our dinner and were in for a special treat.  The table next to ours kept turning down different bottles of very expensive wine, when we ordered the wine pairing our server informed us we would be the recipient of our neighbors rejected offerings.  What a treat, the price point of the wines we had were far higher than I would normally pay and not on the pairing list, and they were exceptional.  Don't understand wine snobs.  All in all a wonderful night out.Grand tasting menu. Wine flight. Poached egg and shaved white truffle supplement. Absolute perfection.Vitri was a great experience for me. I went there for my bday and the chef's selection is a solid choice. I was expecting a more balanced meal, meaning more vegetable and salad plates. I would say that the entire experience was a bit heavy on the pasta and just a bit salty on some dishes.  
In terms of staff, ambience and service - that was all great.What hasn't been said about Vetri?  I can't add much, but I must say it is the perfect meal; from the food, to the ambiance, to the service.  A must try for every Philadelphian.  The stand out dishes for our table seemed to be the snails, onion crepe, gnocchi, and lamb.After 5 years and countless dinners, my visit to Vetri still stands out as the most sublime dining experience i have had in Philly. There is no way that service or setting can trump food itself when it comes to fine dining, and Vetri takes that concept to the highest level. If you want to really indulge and you don't "love" French cuisine, Vetri is for you. If available try the foie gras pastrami, it's as delectable as food gets.A gastronomic delight.  The staff were personable attentive and wine knowledge. With the exception of the spinach pasta the selections were exquisite and the wine pairings perfect.  While quite expensive our meal was perfect for our special occasionI am not even sure how you write a review of a place that is so perfect.  The ambiance, the food, the service, wow.....I can't even explain.  You have to go for the grand tasting menu.  My only complaint is that even though everything was so perfect, I feel like it was maybe 20% or so overpriced.....but when a place books up months in advance, I guess they can do that.If you're going to splurge, this is a good place to do it! (Thx Yelp for help w/ the tag line ;)) My husband and I have been wanting to dine here for a while, however, a weekend reservation requires planning months in advance.  We decided on short notice to get married on a Wednesday, and thought, "Hey, this is our opportunity to try Vetri" and try we did!! They serve a prix fixe tasting menu that the chef selects for you.  The meal was creative and outstanding. They customize the tasting to your food preferences. My hubby and I were each served different dishes, as well as a unique wine pairing for each course. Be prepared to open the purse strings- the meal will set you back $400 for 2 ppl w/o drinks or $800 w/ a deluxe wine pairing and gratuity. The cost was $155/pp for food and the deluxe wine pairing was $135/pp (if I recall correctly, the standard wine pairing was $95/pp). If you enjoy wine, I highly recommend the pairing. The food was creative and delicious! Though I wasn't blown away by the dessert, it still gets 5 stars overall for food, service, atmosphere, etc.  I would definitely go back for a special occasion. Vetri is on par with other less expensive Philly restaurants, so it wouldn't be my first pick due to the cost.I have been meaning to come here for awhile and last night finally got to try the famous pizza. Looking for a late dinner spot, I saw the sign they were opened until 11 pm. We tried the crudo and the specialty pizza which u believe was called the neopalitano. OMG the crudo was one of the best pizzas I've ever had. The prosciutto add a bit of a salty taste to the amazing mozzarella. It was delicious. I can't wait to go back and eat it again!! The special pizza had sopprasata mozz and red sauce. It was really good also. But nothing compares to the crudo pizza. Only complaint is I wish the pizzas were a bit cheaper! But oh well you get what you pay for at this place. And that is absolutely amazing pizza!!I've been to Vetri on my wife's birthday this week, and I have to say, this place is absolutely fantastic. To start, there are no big frills about the place, the decoration is simple, the place is well lit. I like that, because it puts the highlight on the food itself. We were greeted with a glass of prosecco and did not wait for  more than 10 minutes for our table. As we sat, our prosecco glasses were empty, and they were promptly refilled. Talk about a good reception!
Currently, the only option is the tasting menu, which is pretty expensive, but you definitely get what you pay for. Our server was very thorough in asking our likes and dislikes, and the chef followed it to the letter. The meal started with an amuse-bouche (a pretty large assortment of amuse-bouches, actually), with vegetables crudites in a balsamic vinegar emulsion, 2 kinds of salumi, a vegetable "hash" in a polenta crust and some foie gras pastrami that instantly melted in your mouth. A great start!
The meal consists of 5 savory courses and 1 sweet course, chosen by the chef from a pretty extensive menu. They made sure that my wife and I received different dishes, so we could taste pretty much everything. We started with an artichoke salad and a white prawn with beans and pancetta. These dishes were good, but nothing extraordinary. The fun began for real with our second course. We were served bay scallops in truffled crema with black truffle shavings which was amazing, but the star here was the unbelievable sweet onion crepe with white truffle. All the flavors meshed perfectly together, and it was like a feast in my mouth. Our third course consisted of the very much talked-about spinach gnocchi in brown butter, and I have to say it really deserves its fame. They are airy, fluffy pieces of spinach dough that absorb the brown butter and deliver a real punch of flavor. I would never be able to eat regular gnocchi again... We also tasted the almond tortellini, which is filled with rice and comes in a truffle sauce, which was also absurdly fantastic!
Our fourth course was a combo of different pastas. A chestnut fettuccine with wild boar ragu and cocoa, which was our favorite of the pastas, and tasted really earthy and delicious. We also had a tonarelli with tripe and tomato. I have to say I'm not a big fan of tripe, but I really loved this dish. Salty, kinda anchovy like, a great contrast to the earthy taste of the boar pasta. We mentioned to our server we loved bone marrow, and they threw in an extra dish for our fourth course (great service!) which was a maloreddus with bone marrow and fennel, and it was a complete taste contrast in comparison to the other pasta dishes, deliciously fatty, very umami-delivering.
The fifth course were the meat dishes, again, not out of this world extraordinary, but very very good. We had a trio of veal (bolitto misto) which was kinda of a fried sausage, veal tongue, breast and brisket. Very good. We also had baby goat with polenta. I never had goat before, but we were adventurous and went for it, and we loved it, it was very crispy and tender, tasted like a mix of piglet and lamb.
Then to the multiple dessert course. It started with a pre-dessert pistachio sorbet, which on its own would have been an awesome dessert. We also received an assortment of macaroons which were delicious. Then we had the Pistachio flan with white chocolate gelato, which was really extraordinary, and the butternut squash pudding with crispy bacon, which tasted like dessert and breakfast combined, very interesting. They then send you off with a couple of pistachio biscottis to take home. I ate one the day after, and it was awesomely good as well.
We didn't have the wine pairing, but we picked a great bottle from their extensive list, and it went really well with the food.
We definitely left the place extremely satisfied, we did eat a LOT, the food was amazing, as was the service. Highly recommend it!I have heard so much about Vetri prior to trying it that I set the bar pretty high. Whenever I do that, most places usually disappoints. But not Vetri. Dining in Vetri is an event by itself, especially when everyone on the table knows that they will be getting something different, though they do not know what it is. It is a reminisce of a few omakase meals I've had in NYC, which are amongst the best meals I've had so far. The place is relaxed and not too stuffy, making it ideal for more than just special occasions.
The food in Vetri has got to be one of the best, if not the best Italian food I've tasted so far. The use of the freshest seasonal ingredients and preparing them without causing them to lose their character was the winning formula here. From the crudi all the way to the desserts, everything was pleasing to the senses. The Grand Wine Pairing we did was also exceptionally good with the dishes. A few memorable dishes that night were:
1. Foie Gras Pastrami with Raspberry Jam served on Brioche - This is the first time I've encountered foie prepared this way and, its amazing how the flavors complemented each other without feeling too complex.
2. Pea Flan with Quail Egg - I was really skeptical when this dish was served to me as my first course. But after just one bite, I was converted. The texture and flavor of the pea flan was so good and when you hit the middle where the quail egg is, its akin to reaching foodie orgasm. This one dish alone is a testament to Marc Vetri's genius.
3. Sweet Onion Crepe - Its just caramelized onions on crepes topped with a little Parmesan cheese. But this is the dish where you can actually taste the effort and care that the cook puts into the dish. The 9 hours spent on caramelizing the onions till all the sugar is reduced really takes this dish to another level. Just onions? 
4. Sweetbreads with Fennel Cream and Cucumber - This was the dish that I used as a yardstick to match against the likes of the Michelin giants. To execute sweetbreads to perfection is no easy feat but the magic touch of Marc Vetri did it. What made it so much better was the fennel cream, which I thought would conflict with the creamy nature of the sweetbreads itself. But it just made it better. 
5. Spinach Gnocchi with Brown Butter - Hands down my favorite dish of the night. This is a dish that leaves you puzzled. how can something as simple as this taste this good. And before you can figure it out, your plate is empty and it leaves you longing for more as it leaves a faint lingering aftertaste.
If I were to nit-pick, I would complain that the desserts were the only things served that lacks the character that the other dishes had because it was just good desserts. But that is just finding fault to an amazing meal.
The experience at Vetri made me longing for more and I believe I will be there again pretty soon to try out the dishes I did not have the opportunity to savor.My husband and I went to Vetri last night to celebrate my birthday. The atmosphere was cozy and refreshingly low-key for such a refined meal. 
We were greeted with glasses of Prosecco and asked our food allergies and aversions. We informed the servers (I say servers because we were asked for this information multiple times which seemed like a good sign) no shellfish and no beef so we can share everything. I was served TWO shellfish courses that ignored this request. I am mildly allergic, but it could have poisoned my husband if he tried to snag a bite. And a dead spouse makes for a terrible birthday present...unless you hate them. Then maybe it's just what you always wanted. But, I am digressing. 
The first time it happened I just let it go and shuffled the food around. The second time a server was happy to replace it. But really, when a meal costs upwards of $400 dollars including tax and tip, this shouldn't happen. You should be able to trust what you are served. I think this can be a consequence of a serving style where everyone pitches in. Things get lost in whisper down the lane. This seems to have happened to other reviewers as well, so I'm not alone. 
That said, everything we could eat was absolutely delicious. So to be fair, I'll split the difference in my rating between the very good and the very bad.I have been wanting to go to Vetri for a couple of years but have not called far enough in advance for a reservation until recently. It was well worth the wait. The food is not traditional Italian but instead it is prepared in a fresh and modern way. Everything was superb and I wouldn't change a thing. Marc Vetri was in the kitchen the night I was there and came out to sign cookbooks.  Everyone who loves good food should make a point to dine here. The word that sums up our dining experience at Vetri is "perfect."Really tasty food, but definitely not commensurate with the price point in my opinion. That said, dining at Vetri is a unique experience in and of itself. Plus, the service is incredible and the setting is pristine. Recommended if you're willing to spend a lot.Decided to take another visit to Vetri to celebrate a number of things, including getting through wedding planning alive (those of you married folk KNOW that is cause for celebration).  At our last visit, we did ala carte, so we were excited to do the tasting menu this time (since now that is all they offer).
This was sort of an impromptu visit- we made our 645 reservation the night before for the Fourth of July, which was pretty awesome because everyone else in Philadelphia were either at the beach or standing on the Parkway.
For anyone who is unfamilar, Vetri offers a 6 course tasting menu for $135, with optional wine and beer pairings.  ** Note- I just learned from the website, they are increasing their price to $155 in September 2012 **  They give you the menu at the start of the meal and ask if there are any particular dishes you do/do not want to taste.  We didn't get the wine/beer pairings and we told the waitress to surprise us with the dishes.  And so our journey began....
First, they brought out complimentary glasses of prosecco along with a bowl of crudite and this amazing balsamic vinegar jam.  They also brought out a plate with some salumi, foie gras on crackers, and a vegetable tart. 
The next course was our fish dishes.  I had a piece of fatty tuna wrapped around burrata cheese and my husband had a dungess crab salad with peaches.  Both were excellent.
Then came two pasta/vegetable dishes each.  Between us we had: the spinach gnochhi, the sweet onion crepe, the corn and mushroom ravioli, and the almond tortellini.  By far, my favorite was the sweet onion crepe.  We had it the first time we visited as well.  MAKE SURE TO GET THIS DISH!
The next course was another pasta dish (I can't really remember what exactly was in there) and a piece of grilled beef with some grilled vegetables.  Good but not as memorable as the other dishes before them.
Next, we had our meat entrees.  I'm going to be committing blasphemy here, but I have to say the meat dishes were not my favorites :(  only because I mostly tend to eat vegetarian when I can.  My husband, however, was in full-on carnivore mode and devoured it.  But I digress... So the two dishes they brought were the pouisson (basically a little chicken, for unclassy peeps like me) and a goat dish with creamy polenta.  Don't get me wrong, they were very very very good, but I would have rather had extra servings of the pasta-- I know that for next time.
Finally, we moved on to the dessert portion of our meal.  They brought us this black cherry sorbet and some petit fours, following by two desserts-- a pistachio flan and a strawberry strudel with greek yogurt.  The pistachio flan was by far our favorite. I was really tempted to ask the waiter to wrap up the plate so I could lick it clean at home.  I'd promise to bring it back the next day!
OK, so the food is beyond amazing.  To comment on the ambiance-- I love how this place feels-- super cozy and totally not pretentious, despite the ultra gourmet food and hefty price tag.  Same feeling about the service-- all the waiters were friendly, warm, and knowledgable.  Such a great combination!
Overall, this is a place where you will drop a few Benjamins.  However, you will have a truly memorable and delicious experience.  I, like most who have visited, highly recommend it!This was by far one of my all time favorite dining experiences ever. And it was just that, an experience. If you have an open mind to trying a wide verity of chef chosen dishes, love food and wine then this is the place for you. 155$ per person with an additional 90$ or 135$ optional wine pairing. Besides the food and wine being amazing, The staff was so knowledgeable and kind. They never missed a beat.I have been lucky enough to have dined here several times over the  years and each time the food was excellent as was service.  We learned not to eat in advance as  there was so much food presented.  Wine glasses were always kept full. Not this time. We noticed significant  differences,  Several of the dishes were not up to par.  The wines, though excellent,  were not refilled as before.  This time it simply was not worth the  high price. We were both disappointed.From start to finish this was top 5 meals of all time!  Service exceeding all expectations being led by Bill!  Location has a pay lot next door if needed.  Location is discretely marked so be cognizant of shutters and planting's our front.This was the most amazing culinary experience I have ever had, hands down. I seriously felt high on food. Every item served had such unique, multi-layered flavors. At each bite, you go through an experience of flavors, one after another. I consider myself a pretty good cook, but I have no idea how they created what we were served. It was unlike anything I have ever experienced. We also did the wine pairing list and that definitely added excellently to the experience. Our server was also outstanding. She was extremely knowledgeable on everything, even down to the name of the designer of the plates the food was served on. I felt like I was on Anthony Bourdain's show. I look forward to going back in the spring to try their next season of culinary artworks!From start to finish our meal at Vetri last night was absolutely outstanding.  The service was stellar and we were greeted like we were regulars at this spruce street hot spot.  I knew that it was a fixed price but was unaware that they just sent out whatever the chef decided.  They were great about asking if we had any allergies or dietary restrictions and were more then willing to make changes to suit our needs.  There were too many courses to list all that we had for dinner but the highlights for me were of course the spinach gnocchi that has become synonomous with the restaurant, the almond tortelone were delicious and the rabbit was to die for.  Also had the best wine of my life. For Philadelphians that aren't in the 1% next time a special occasion arises and you want to have much more then just a great meal you will be hard pressed to find a better menu then at Vetri.  It isn't just a meal but a dining experience that I will remember fondly until my next time back. I am currently searching my calendar for an excuse to go again this year. Thank you to all the staff for making Ryan's birthday so special.This is the kind of place you save up for. I'm not kidding either. 3 guests ran up a bill of $700. Worth every penny. Understated elegance. You won't be disappointed. Go with the chef's menu and just let them wine and dine you. It's beyond memorable. You'll want to send a post card! "The coursed wine pairings show what happens when an inspired sommelier mind-melds with a master chef." Best insider tip I ever heard.Full review in blog - highlights below
Opened in 1998 and consistently named as one of the 40-best restaurants in the country by Gayot the intimate 40-seat space serves as host to a Beard Award winning chef, wine program, and service staff...it has also been called the best Italian restaurant in America by both Alan Richman and Mario Batali.   With such high praise Vetri had been number one on my "to visit" for approximately 8 months - in other words, since I dined at Per Se.
One of four amuses would be the Foie Gras Pastrami with peach mustarda on brioche.  Smooth as butter, spiced precisely like pastrami, and accented by the sweet compote - a beautiful bite that I could have certainly tolerated in greater abundance.
Dish two was the Sweet Onion Crepe with truffled parmesan fondue and parmesan gratinee.  Utilizing caramelized golden onions rolled with cheese into the form of a crepe and then sliced the round is then topped with grated parmesan and broiled.  Subsequently plated onto an inverted bowl in a shallow pool of truffle accented fondue the presentation is actually quite subtle - but the flavor is anything but.  Aromatic without being pungent, salty without overpowering the nuance, crispy on the exterior and smooth within - perhaps the best thing ever done with an onion.
Dish three, Spinach Gnocchi in Brown Butter was everything I'd hoped for and more.  Having been told jokingly by a friend the day before that I should keep my hands above the plate to make sure these perfect dumplings didn't float away my first bite awakened me to exactly what he meant - light as a cloud yet so densely packed with flavor that they did not even seem real.  Made of only sieved spinach, egg, and a "spot" of cream the four balls rested unassumingly in a pool of scalded butter with shredded smoked ricotta atop yet somehow the whole was much more than the sum of its parts - the best gnocchi I've ever had, even if they contained none of the ingredients of traditional gnocchi at all.
Dish four, Almond Tortellini was anything but simple and restrained - as a matter of fact, its complexity given the minimalist ingredients was perhaps more impressive than the gnocchi. Packed to almost bursting the pockets of pasta were soft and smooth while the interior of risotto and creamy cheese provided a nuanced contrast.  Topped with crunchy toasted almonds and lightly sauced with a reduced white truffle sauce the entirety of the plate was everything Vetri promises about ingredient purity and simplistic technique of preparation - flawless.
Dish five, was "Capretto" or Baby Goat on soft golden polenta.  With crispy skin giving way to smoky grilled loin (I was told I got "the best piece") the flavor of the goat was much less meaty than the version at Komi and the skin was far less crispy - it was almost like a different animal.  Pairing the mesquite grilled flavor with the buttery smooth polenta was a nice variation in texture, but overall I think I fancy a less refined approach for goat.
Dessert was signature Chocolate Polenta Souffle with Vanilla Gelato arrived.  Not technically a soufflé in presentation the dessert was fantastic in smell and taste, but most interesting in texture.  Utilizing Italian cornmeal in the almost "lava cake" presentation the interior was not precisely molten, but more like the interior of a soufflé while the exterior possessed a crunchy coating not unlike a canele.  Paired with creamy vanilla gelato that tasted almost as if it were yogurt based this was classic "chocolate cake and vanilla ice cream" done, like everything else, simply and expertly.
When it was all said and done I made my way from the final stop on the tour of Vetri very happy but at the same time thinking that when (not if, but when) I come back I would likely not go for the Degustazione again.  While a great deal at $145 for 9 courses plus Prosecco, amuses, mignardises, and take home muffins (essentially the same number of courses and gifts as The French Laundry at $240 and Per Se at $275) there is a certain kind of "plate envy" that occurs when you see a menu with 15 options that sound great and you only get 8 of them - a nagging part of me that wished I'd have offered to pay double to try everything, or to go during the week and order the grand tasting plus multiple supplements.  Some may call the previous statement gluttonous...that's okay, I'm fine with being labeled as such when every single course at three different restaurants was good to great while the service and setting was equally grand.Truly an amazing dining experience. I have never been somewhere where they don't take offense to your sending their food back. The base level to them is perfection and if anything falls short they want to know. It is super expensive so start saving up - its worth it.This review is much overdue - my parents brought me here several years ago to celebrate my graduate school graduation. Because of the momentous occasion, my dad decided to go all out and order the grand tasting menu with wine pairings. With such a high price tag, this option is only for infrequent celebrations. That being said, the quality more than matched the price. Everyone at the table agreed it was the best dining experience we've ever had. Amazing food (particular kudos to the goat course and homemade pastas), attentive service, and wonderful wine. One of the highlights was the asparagus flan that oozed egg yolk when you cut into it. 
Overall, this was a meal none of us will ever forget.The spinach gnocchi was to die for and had the guinea hen as my main dish was unreal. Overall it was a treatMost amazing Italian food I've ever had!  Luckily this was on the company dollar since the tasting menu is the only option.  My favorite was the almond tortellini....so much that I googled it after and actually found the restaurant's recipe for it!  I have yet to try and make it myself but I'm sure my efforts would pale in comparison.  All the pasta is freshly handmade and is absolutely amazing.  If you can splurge it is worth the experience at least once!
Kisses
Ahhhhmazing pasta
Disses
Pricey!!My best friend brought me here for my birthday. It was a really nice experience and the customer service was excellent. They were attentive to details and very friendly. 
The food was also delicious. I have to say though, I was already full after the complimentary snacks so I was probably not the best to bring here (haha). BUT I kept eating and enjoyed the different tastes and presentations. We were here for 3-4 hours. I am not sure if I would pay that much for this experience since I can't eat a lot in one sitting, but my friend said she would do it again.First, there was woman having an orgasm behind us.
Second, we had orgasms shortly thereafter.
-------
My lady friend and I went to celebrate her birth, but instead we celebrated the blessings of Vetri's chefs delivering a peerless meal.
I wish I could remember all of the courses we enjoyed, but the meal was spectacular all around.  The service was impeccable and the staff's attentiveness to every anticipated need was impressive.
Specifically, the onion crepe was the best morsel of food I've ever eaten.  The hand crafted charcuterie and the masterful execution of so many complex dishes continues to astound me.
Though the price is fixed at a premium rate, I assure you that the experience is worth far more than that.I've had 4 months to write a review about Vetri and I'm still at a loss for words for how I should describe my meal.  Is there a level above perfect?  Because there should be, and it should be called Vetri (Merriam-Webster, update your dictionary now).
My grand plan was to surprise my boyfriend for his birthday with a meal at Vetri.  Easy, right?  But one does not simply walk into Vetri.  No, this took some serious plotting.  I contacted the restaurant over a month out to see if they would be able to accommodate me, since yours truly has a plethora of food allergies.  "No problem," they said.  I then proceeded to stalk them on Open Table for a solid week so I could snag a reservation (I swear I'm sane) and then I anxiously waited for the date to arrive.  
Vetriland was everything I imagined it would be: impeccable service, exquisite food that I will never forget, amazing drinks...it was a beautiful dining experience.  I recommend pacing yourself as you go throughout the courses because this is a marathon, not a sprint.  Savor each bite and sip slowly or you won't be able to enjoy dessert.   
As if the whole meal wasn't enough, we were given an autographed, hand-painted menu and a brief tour of the kitchen.  All in all, it was the perf...er...Vetri evening.  Thank you for making me an unforgettable meal and helping me win the girlfriend of the year award.I had great time at Vetri. My boyfriend had just moved to the city, and loves food, and it was his birthday, so I wanted some place special. Generally, I lean more towards a great BYOB that anything quiet this fancy, but after hearing great things, and reading the press, I decided to splurge. 
We had a lovely, quiet, classy time, and the food was delicious. The asparagus flan was surprising, with that beautiful egg yolk leaking out - and I don't even like asparagus. The truffle gnocchi with almonds literally made me cry. The BF had a lamb he found delightful and the wine pairings were great. 
I just can't quite give it 5 stars. Maybe its the huge hype, or because I've actually eaten at more memorable places for a lot less $$, or maybe my expectations were a little too high. It's still a fantastic restaurant, and worth a visit.The went to this restaurant on a whim and it totally exceeded my expectations. It was for a birthday dinner that a bunch of friends met up for a meal. The service was fast, and the food was excellent. I will definitely be going back.I would give this 5 stars if I felt like it was worth what I paid.  Excellent service, and delicious food.Vetri is as good as it gets when it comes to Italian cuisine.  The fioe gras prastrami was an excellent way to start off the meal.  The almond ravioli were the best surprise we've had during the meal and it was spectacular.  The ambiance is a bit above average but the service is unrivaled.  The wait staff was always a step ahead of me in filling my glass so there was never a need to ask for anything.  Overall, the quality of food as well as the excellence in service was well worth the cost.  Of course, my roommate paid for the meal =).Elegant setting, flawless service, and nicely executed, creative food. I had extremely high expectations, most of which were lived up to. There were four of us at my table, and we asked the sommelier to do wine pairings with every dish we ordered - this involved us all drinking five glasses of wine and was probably the highlight of the meal. Good thing we were walking home!
Thoughts on the dishes my table ordered:
*Spinach gnocci - I can see why this is one of the restaurant's signature dishes - probably the best thing I ate all night
*Sweet onion crepe - this is another dish they're famous for. I thought it was tasty, but it didn't blow me away.
*Cauliflower flan - just ok, but I'm not much of a cauliflower person, or a flan person for that matter
*Squid ink rissoto - didn't really have much taste to it. Seems like this is a delicacy that's on the menu for novelty's sake because it literally didn't have any taste
*Salt crusted branzino - delicious! and the brussels sprouts that come with it are cooked to perfection.
*Roasted baby goat - quite yummy, tender and flavorful, crispy on the outside
*Chestnut fettuccine with wild boar ragu - yummy homemade pasta, wild boar ragu had nice flavor
*Stuffed pappardelle with shaved foie gras - this was also a nice choice
*Desserts - all were very good, especially the apple fritter and chocolate souffle
My overall sense is that you have to come here willing to spend a good sum of money to get the full experience. For example, you would probably need to get an antipasti, full order of pasta or secondi, and a dessert to walk away satisfied. It's not cheap, but this is truly a case of getting what you pay for - everything is homemade, the service is impeccable, and you are treated to a rare experience of what food can be when it's done at the highest level.Came to Vetri to celebrate our birthdays. Everything was perfect. The service was outstanding and food is phenomenal! I would recommend this place to anyone!! Marc Vetri is my idol.I was VERY lucky to attend a private event at Vetri last week and I've been raving about it ever since! Our event started in a spacious kitchen with prosecco and appetizers, followed by an interactive cooking demo by Marc Vetri himself featuring homemade almond tortellini [which we'd later have with dinner]. Marc was funny, friendly, and super knowledgeable. 
Following the demo, we were led up a few steps to my future dining room/private event room. Seriously though, the 20+ foot dining room table surrounded by espresso machines, liquor carts and a wine cooler wall was amazing. Dinner was perfectly timed with just enough time between courses to digest. The portions were small but I was [almost] painfully full by the end. The service was nothing short of 5 star; my wine and water glasses were never empty, my napkin was refolded when I used the restroom, and the servers were never more than a few feet away.
Our event dinner menu featured beef carpacio, a sweet onion crepe with truffle fonduta, swiss chard gnocchi with brown butter, almond tortellini with truffle sauce, risotto cacio e pepe, peking duck with pear, and pumpkin cassata. Everything was absolutely amazing and I highly recommend each dish if you're considering hosting an event there. If you do, please invite me? I'm a stellar guest, I promise. :)There has been much written already so what I have to say seems not so original or important, but here goes.
There is much to say about this dining experience, largely I think because of the price. The question that keeps repeating in my mind is: was the meal worth the price?
Despite the exceptional service and wonderful wine pairings, a $600 meal for two needs to be something that is nearly perfect and truly exceptional, and I do not think Vetri can be described that way.  It was a great experience, but there were too many dishes that did not hit the mark to give this restaurant a 5 star rating.  
We asked and were provided with a copy of the menu and wine pairings and when I reviewed the menu following the meal I came to the conclusion that 4 of the offerings were exceptional. There was a clear miss-- the pasta with cockles- and at least four other dishes were nothing great.
Both my husband and I overate and felt almost sick from the excessive richness, but I'm sure that a little more self control could have been exercised. Still, since the chef took complete control of the menu -- you are in his hands entirely- more balance may have helped.
We are fortunate to have the option of Vetri in our town, but I also feel that it still needs
 to be tweaked a bit, or maybe the price is only for the 1%.or 1/2 of 1%.
Still a four star rating is good and I believe fair given all the factors that I have mentioned.Fine Fine. The art of the culinary. An Italian tasting menu. The location is beautiful, the neighborhood is a star. A very old charming house. We were seated at an alluring corner. Vetri is a special place, flawless, a dream. The most sophisticated Italian restaurant. Haute cuisine. Ten plates. A culinary immersive experience. It was a performance, we never lived that before.Went here for my birthday and dropped serious coin.  The food is great.  This place is over the top expensive, and hyped beyond belief. Your eyes won't roll to the back of your head, but you'll have a terrific, terrific meal and be able to brag to your friends you ate @ Vetri.  Once in a blue moon kind of place to eat.Absolutely the very best restaurant I have had the pleasure to experience EVER.  I went with my partner as sort of a night on the town.  The ambiance, the staff, and EVERYTHING was incredible!!!! Not one thing I ordered topped the other.  
This is the place that you don't mind dropping $300-$400 on because it's worth every penny.  They even let you keep the menu.  A true staple and I'm glad I had the chance the experience.  Will return as often as possible.Visiting from out of town and too late for a bowl of pasta at 10 pm. Thanks a lot!Vetris is one of my favorite restaurants.  Heck, it may be my favorite restaurant, period.  
The restaurant looks like it was placed in someone's living room. It's tight and cramped, but you go for the food and experience.  
It is expensive, especially if you do the chef tasting with wine pairings, which is the best way to go.  So it's not a place we visit all the time, but only for special occasions.  We leave happy, drunk, and full.
I love sitting with my glass of wine, knowing I don't have to worry about what to order - and just enjoying the experience of eating delicious food with my husband.
I've been to other restaurants where they also offer chef tastings, but there is something about Vetris that seems special.  Maybe it's friendliness of the servers, or the wine knowledge from the sommelier, or just down right good food every single bite.
Now I wish it was my birthday soon, so I can go again...If you want to spend $200pp for a memorable meal, then take Bolt Bus to NYC and go to Per Se.
While Vetri has the undisputed best Italian food in the city, our overall experience was disappointing.  They say the tasting menu is 7-9 courses, and we only got 7 which was poor salesmanship, especially since the tables on either side of us got 9 courses.  At Per Se, they say you get 9, but then you get at least 12.  Its all about expectations.  While nearly all of the dishes were rich, flavorful, and exquisitely prepared, I left hungry due to the skimpy portions (something I'm ok with if you get enough courses).
The sommelier here was one of the best I've come across.  He was relatable and not stuck up.  When we told him we wanted an affordable wine that would be versatile enough to pair with several courses, he brought us the least expensive bottle on the menu which was terrific.  He was incredibly informative and Vetri is lucky to have him.
I'd love to go back if someone else was paying, but in this price range I'm loyal to Thomas Keller.The Mrs and I went here for ....I forget. But since I've been dying to try Vetri since it opened, it was a terrific excuse. The selection that evening was a 7 (I think) course pre fixe. If I recall, we started with a fried foie gras that was such an experience, it changed my opinion on how that sort of dish is grown (inhumane but deliciously inhumane). The other 6 courses were just as decadent. 2 pre fixe + moderately priced wine = $320 +tip.
RECOMMENDEDI've been saving my 200th review for someplace special, and after coming here last month for my boyfriends and my 1 year anniversary I decided Vetri would be that place. 
I loved the atmosphere (you feel both like a special guest and a member of a family -an impeccably dressed family who knows a lot about wine). The restaurant is small and fairly quiet so the entire experience is very intimate (great for special occasions! Apparently one night there were three proposals during one dinner service, which I imagine was very anxiety inducing for proposer number three.) 
The staff/service is wonderful as well, and probably one of the aspects I enjoyed most. Everyone was extremely welcoming, warm, and knowledgeable. Because it's such a small dining room, there's always someone checking in on you and making sure you're enjoying everything. 
The food was excellent (and neverending.) As soon as you walk in you're offered prosecco and given small bites, and then you continue to be fed for the next 1.5-2 hours. I can't remember everything we ate, but aside from an oversalted entree that they gladly switched out for me I loved all of it. And given how willing they are to send items back, I didn't think that was an issue. 
Also there was an exorbitant amount of free food/wine which Is always noteworthy. My boyfriend and I asked so many questions about the wines that they ended up giving him two extra ones to try. They also gave us all three of the desserts! And a dessert wine for me though I didn't get the tasting. I love complimentary anything (including things I don't want or need) so getting delicious complimentary food was really exciting for me. 
She also sent us home with bread, cookies, and biscotti. 
So in conclusion, expensive but so worth it.Vetri is often referred to as the greatest Italian-inspired restaurant in the nation, and with good reason. Even Mario Batali's del Posto takes a back seat to Chef Marc Vetri's Center City Philadelphia powerhouse of art culinaire. 
In order to experience the broad capacity of Vetri's imagination, make sure to visit on Friday or Saturday night to enjoy the grand tasting menu featuring local sustainable ingredients prepared with classic Italian appointments. You'll recognize words like risotto and gnocchi, but be prepared for an entirely remarkable flavor and texture profile in each new dish that comes before you.
Dishes like smoked venison loin, spinach gnocchi, whole-roasted baby goat and artichoke-filled ravioli will dazzle the palate and leave you wanting more!"The Emperor's New Clothes" 
This restaurant is a perfect money-making American enterprise. 
So so food. Tiny portions. Mediocre decor. Unreasonable prices. 
It works as long as the people are poorly educated about food and obsessed with stereotypes. 
After reading hundreds of critiques by 'satisfied customers' I feel like the child crying out "but the king isn't wearing anything at all!" in the "The Emperor's New Clothes" tale.This is one of, if not the best, restaurant I've ever been to.  Typically in a chef tasting there would be a few dishes that would fall flat, but every dish was exceptional and delicious. The service was flawless. And there was an interesting wine selection. The dinner was three or four hours so plan to make an evening of it, but well worth it. I highly recommend this place for every day dining or special occasions alike!Hype, hype and more hype.  My wife took me here for my birthday in January and my memory of the experience is still strong enough for me to write here.  We dine out quite often and know quality food and service.  Unfortunately, we chose Vetri for my birthday only to be served ridiculously small portions (an entire order of tagliatelli was two pieces of pasta) that were DRENCHED in truffle oil.  If you are interested in paying a premium price for ill executed culinary attempts in pea sized portions, this is your place.  Perhaps it was an anomalous event, but at the price charged for meals here, there should be no such thing.  We actually went to Barclay Prime afterwards for some sliders that delivered in all the departments Vetri didn't: taste, portions, value.Best Dishes we ate:
-sweet onion crepe w/ white truffle sauce
Dishes that were surprisingly good:
-escarole ravioli with pine nuts & honey
-spinach gnocchi
-peaches and porcini
Good:
-Menu looks to change monthly.
- The Tasting Menu was different for both of us (except 2 courses).  Since we share everything, this worked out great because we had a chance to try so many different dishes.
-They offered to pack the petite fours as we were completely stuffed and also gave us a copy of the menu and blueberry muffins for the next day's breakfast .
-romantic place, very small and intimate
Bad:
-tough to get a reservation if not booking far in advance.  Even though opentable may not have any availability, try calling for a late seating
-forced tasting menu on weekends (although it was excellent and would have probably chosen it anyway, as it was my first time, would be nice to have the option not to).Vetri is nothing short of amazing. The tasting-menu (while pricey) is a dining experience rather than simply a fine meal. 
The server checked in with each person at our table about likes/dislikes/preferences and out came a series of custom plates for each person at our table. 
How they keep all that straight is beyond me but everyone was completely delighted. 
The Prosecco and wines were fantastic and service was (as you might imagine) impeccable. We also enjoyed the space--beautiful and intimate. 
An unbelievable amount of thought goes into every detail and it shows.There's nothing like it.  Forget the price of the fare and just sit back and enjoy.  Every course was amazing and the wine list was incredible.  An '83 Emedio Pepe Montepulciano was UNBELIEVABLE.  BRAVOVetri has been on my must try list for a few years now, but has always gotten skipped over....mostly due to the cost. But, when my husband's 40th bday came around, I thought it was time to give Vetri a try. And boy was I happy that I did. The space itself it very warm and cozy...you really do feel like you are eating in someone's living room. The staff is attentive and friendly. But, they are certainly not pretentious. With the kind of cash that gets thrown around there, that was certainly a concern. Dinner started with a glass of prosecco that paired perfectly with the salumi that included foie gras pastrami, which was amazing. Some of the other highlights were the onion crepe, the escargot with pig ears, the braised baby goat, and of course, the pasta. Oh, the pasta! There were two pasta courses and each one was so different and so delectable. Just melt in your mouth amazing pasta. One of the things that I really enjoyed about this tasting menu is that they give each diner a different dish. So, you get to try quite a few things. By the end of the meal, we were completely stuffed and so content with our amazing meal which was accompanied by some great wine. It is certainly an over-the-top expensive meal (our bill was over $500 for 2 with wine), but definitely a once in a lifetime must try for that special occasion for you foodies out there. I do hope I get to go back before my husband's 50th birthday!Marc Vetri cares. A LOT. 
I'll bet money that his fastidiousness extends to a level that we mere mortals could not sustain. I'll bet these reviews that have even one slight against the entirety of the experience at his restaurant cause him to cry garlic tears that fall into the house milled Durum wheat loaves and give them that extra "que cosa c'è."
Plus, how can anyone think Vetri is overrated? Do you understand that golden chickens lay the eggs used to make your pasta? Do you comprehend that the hint of truffle in your finishing cheese was found and rooted out by Wilbur himself? Yeah....from Charlotte's Web.
Every single thing has been thought about and it's more than just a high-end restaurant with flavor that is easily paired. It's the fact that the mirepoix is recognizable. You taste each little perfect square dice of carrot, celery and onion because they've not been obliterated and they cause the ramp snail dish to sing. 
It's the fact that bread is an art and is not just there for you to munch while you wait. The breads are brought in the order in which they would best be combined with finishing sauces, butters and cheeses. 
The wine list - defies - the logical mind. Because....it's not just about what grape would go with what food. It's the fact that the grape is grown completely biodynamically in one small northern-most tip of the coldest region that can allow that grape. It's the fact that they only buy from winemakers that express something special. Winemakers with vision of excellence or with unique palatal resonance. 
The staff: I can't even begin. We laughed, we cried, we bonded, we talked about taking our relationship to the next step. 
:)
Tara knows her stuff when it comes to the wine list and the pairings are thoughtful and on point. Julianna is charming and also knows a huge amount about the flavors of dishes, why they go together, what grapes compose the wines and how their acids and tannins will compliment what is about to happen in your mouth. And that's an EXPLOSION. 
And Marc. Marc. You had me at North Italy. 
You had me at balsamic crema for my radish. You had me when you put risotto inside pasta with roasted almonds. 
You'll have me forever. 
I've eaten at Per Se, French Laundry and the Ivy. You win.Best restaurant in town. Hands down.
I had been a long reader of CitySearch reviews but had been too lazy to get an account myself - until I read the unjust reviews and got an account SPECIFICALLY for the purpose of writing about Vetri.  This entry is just what I'm copying over from CitySearch because people seem to be reading more about Yelp now (they might as well pay me given how enthusiastic I am about the place, but they don't). 
I've been to Vetri three times, once in fall 2004, another time in April 2007, and last in April 2008 - over that 3.5 yr time span, they were consistently the best. Service can be a little slow there, but that is not a place you go in a rush. Go there and enjoy the freshly handmade pasta. You can't get that anywhere else in Philly. I've eaten all over Europe and Asia and been to 50 restaurants in Philly including the famed Le Bec Fin, Fountain's and Lacroix, and Vetri's beats them all in my book. Their gnocci, ear pasta with mushroom (forget the exact name) and lavender olive oil ice cream (which unfortunately is no longer served) are some of the most memorable delicacies that have graced my taste buds. 
In case there are suspicions regarding my post being a potential PR scheme, I will say that I was not at all impressed by Osteria which is supposedly owned or started by the owners of Vetri. If you are curious as to what other restaurants I frequent or love, Overtures (BYO) is one of the best (food, service), Le Castagne is terrible (except for the gorgeous maitre'd they had in 2005), and Striped Bass, Washington Square and Positano Coast are at the top.
Pros: FOOD, FOOD, FOOD (appetizer, entree, dessert - cannot stress this enough!), wine
Cons: Pricey, but worth every penny; seating may be a little bit cramped but that adds to the homeliness; getting a reservation here requires 2-months' preparation (i.e. you have to call way ahead)The best service of any restaurant I've ever been to, and every dish was off the charts wonderful, creative, complex, and well...yummy! Wine list was also very good, with a limited selection of really excellent wines. We had an Amarone that was to die for.  The wait staff was friendly and welcoming. Don't miss a real Philly gem - this place is outstanding.This was an amazing experience!  Vetri has the reputation for being one of the best restaurants in Philly, and it definitely lived up to this.  What I liked most was that I got the service and amazing food of any "five star" restaurant but without the snootiness that is sometimes associated.
We got there and were seated promptly at the time of our reservation - and I'm glad we made the reservation because our table was the only empty one in the whole restaurant even though we were there on the early side.  The hostess was polite and attentive.
I was impressed by the knowledge of our server - though there was not a somellier our server was fluent with the wine menu and even got me a glass of riesling from the kitchen because none of the wines-by-the-glass were sweet enough for my taste - she definitely went the extra mile to do so!  The bread and olives were delicious as well, and the bread-person (don't know what else to call him) kept coming back attentively as soon as we cleaned our plates!
The food itself was fantastic.  I got the spinach gnocchi, and they were probably the best gnocchi I've ever had - which is saying a lot, because I usually order gnocchi at every Italian restaurant I eat at.  The sauce was buttery and flavorful without being overpowering or too rich, and I could distinctly taste each of the flavors in the gnocchi - both the spinach, the dough, and the cheese.  Amazing! 
Throughout the meal our server was attentive, polite, and never too intrusive.  
Sadly, we were too full for dessert - but I will definitely be back another time to try, and probably will try to save up for the chef's tasting menu, because from my experience this time, it would definitely be worth it!The most amazing meal I've ever had. We did the tasting menu with the wine pairing. Our server Bill was exceptional. This place is an experience worth every dollar.What's to say that hasn't been said? This place is worth every damn penny. Everything was delicious and intriguing and exciting. Make sure you prepare yourself for the feast- eat something at lunch that's light. Don't drink beforehand. It'll be worth it. They'll package up what you can't finish. Enjoy!!!!!!Over-hyped and underwhelming translates to significant disappointment. Based on Ruth Reichl's recent review which considered Vetri to be one of the best Italian restaurants on the East coast, we visited last night and tried the tasting menu. While items sound interesting: sweet onion crepe, duck terrine with quince mostarda, chestnut fettucine with wild boar ragu, etc., it was the spinach gnocchi that wins the prize. The gnocchi was excellent, though the many of the other 8 dishes seemed overdone and incongruous. Many small plates were technically well executed, though together lacked coherence. The restaurant itself is a bit too homey, with commercial radio playing in the background and sound reverberating off the walls. The entrance to the restaurant is too small and a 30 minute delay spent standing in confined quarters adds little to the experience. 
If this is the best of Philadelphia, I would recommend saving at least $200 and trying ANY other neighborhood restaurant. -The ambiance will be similar and while the spinach gnocchis will not be the same, you will have a much more pleasant dining experience and you might be pleasantly surprised.The dining room is literally inside an unremodeled house. The only choice is the tasting menu. You have the opportunity to inform the wait staff of any specific items you would like to receive from the menu, otherwise the kitchen sends out a set of dishes of their choice. Your dining companions are expected to receive different dishes from you. We received around 18 dishes total for two, and I found them all to be delectable. At the end of the meal, you are presented with a takeout bag with the menu of the night and some other interesting papers. There is really nothing much more for me to say other than the fact this was one of the best dining experiences I've ever had.
I can't believe that I'm going to give a $165 tasting menu a 5 star value rating, but the food and service were simply impeccable. Vetri is a solid 5 overall.Went for the grand tasting menu and couldn't have been happier with the decision. A handful of dishes stood out:
The foie gras pastrami was a great amuse to warm the palette. Silky smooth and flavorful and sitting on brioche, it was a wonderful way to start the tasting experience.
The spinach gnocchi was incredible--soft and light while finished with a brown butter, it came highly anticipated and was even better than I had hoped. This absolutely must be included in any visit to Vetri.
The onion crepe cannot be missed, made by caramelizing onions over the course of 8 hours in a pot, rolling with parmesan cheese, and finished with truffle. Phenomenal.
The almond tortellini nearly matched the gnocchi as the best pasta of the evening. Again, usage of the white truffle topping made it that much better.
The best traditional italian meal I have ever had. Can't wait to get back.Brought my boyfriend here for a surprise birthday dinner on a Thursday night.  Our reservation was for 8:30 and they seated us right away.
Before coming here, I was debating on whether to go for the tasting menu or go a la carte.  I gave the birthday boy the choice and he opted for a la carte.  Looking back, I think it was a good choice for us.  We are not huge eaters, tend to eat semi-veg, and typically do not eat this late in the evening (yes, we are 28 going on 88).
We started with two antipasti to share- the sweet onion crepe and the wilted green salad with egg and pancetta.  Both were delicious!  My favorite was the sweet onion crepe.  The bread they brought out was pretty good-- but the olive oil was awesome!  It tasted like it was freshly pressed in the kitchen!
We both ordered pasta dishes for our main courses- he got the chestnut fettucine with wild boar ragu and i got the spinach gnocchi.  I tasted his-- tasted like beef stew fettucine-- but that is a good thing!  I was very full from my gnocchi and actually had to bring home some leftovers.  
For dessert, we got the lavender gelato with olive oil.  Which was awesome as well.  And since it was my boyfriend's birthday they brought him out a selection of petit fours and a tiny little piece of cake with a candle.
I honestly think the price wasn't too too bad.  Like I said, we are not huge eaters so it was plenty of food for us, but I could see how maybe for someone else it may not be enough.  We each ordered one drink (me a glass of white win, him a beer) and the total including tip was around $125.  
Next time a special occasion comes around, I would definitely come back to Vetri.  I would probably go a la carte again next time and get a few half portions of the pasta, so we can try all their pasta specialties.