This place is great! Really good sushi at a discount price. It's not hard to find cheap sushi, but its hard to find cheap sushi that tastes fresh. Not to mention the portions at Vic's are very big compared to over sushi places that cost more with worse sushi.Let me start by saying I'm a sushi Nazi and can smell sushi pretenders from a mile away. If you want authentic sushi, this is NOT the place. If you want Americanized rolls and other "creative" creations, come on in!
This place is small, cramped, and the I was shocked by the prices they are charging! I spent $30 on 2 rolls and the tuna dumpling and still left hungry. I've spent upward of $150 on a sushi meal. Those are mainly for the experience and the impeccable preparation by master chefs. For this place, I expected Americanized sushi that can fill me up. 
Do yourself a favor and just go to the all-you-can-eat sushi place in Center City to get similar quality with unlimited quantity. For the same price...Delicious, fresh and reasonably priced sushi!  I had the birthday roll...the tuna was amazingly fresh...it was also beautifully presented with a very good portion size.  You will not be disappointed in this place!great place. the sushi is excellent for the price. they dont pack on the rice, which rules. the place itself is crazy small. i would never stay to eat there if i were with someone. i had some diff veggie rolls which were yummy and fresh and perfect. everything was ripe (the avocado) and crispy (picked root veggies).  also i really like that they provide trashy gossip mags to read while you wait. great place.Spicy Tuna Tartar was presented very creatively and it was really good. Samson Roll was delicious as were the other rolls. The fish was fresh and the rice was nice and sticky. Reasonable prices, casual atmosphere, service was ok. I'd come back again if I was craving sushi.Was kind of disappointed with this place. We rushed inside on a rainy day and was hoping it was going to be a hidden gem seeing the size of the place (very small with one table and more seats at the counter) but the sushi was a little lacking for me. We went for lunch and got the salmon platter and some other rolls. The raw salmon itself was amazing but the rolls were very small and squished and didn't taste that great. Some of the avocado was also browning already. 
The kani salad (really recommend) and miso soup were great though! Another plus was the free bags of tea and hot water they had! I really loved thatI don't particular enjoy the crowded atmosphere, but this place has a great 3 roll special to order out. It's pretty good sushi that gets the job done when you have that sushi craving.The sushi is amazing.  I love the sushi/ rice ratio.  my favorites are the tiger roll and the sansom roll.  It is an explosion of sushi delight in your mouth!
I'll admit, it is a very small area for dining in, but they are super fast whether you're sitting at the bar or ordering out.  Personally, I like to take out.  I was addicted to it until i moved out of philly.  Now, it'll be hard finding a place as good as vic's.Awesome sushi place in Center City! The restaurant itself is a bit small but its great for takeout and they have free delivery! They're prices are also really reasonable! They have a good deal for 3 rolls for $10.95! You can't beat that!I have been searching for a decent and affordable take out sushi place and vic's is definitely it!  The prices are great (3 rolls for $11!) and the sushi is fresh and delicious!  The place is very small and there is probably enough room to seat 8 or so.  However, if you do find a spot at the sushi bar it is BYOB.
Due to it's popularity, service is a little slow so during busy times it can take up to 40 minutes for an order so keep that in mind or try to go during off times.I ordered 3 rolls for $11.  Great deal!  
i don't know just from those 3 rolls I could tell how great this place is but its super convenient for me, a quick stopover on my home from work when I'm in the mood for sushi.did the lunch special. good price for so much sushi. but I really didn't think the sushi was that great. maybe you get what you pay for. the rice was very soft too. the place is def small as other reviewers mentioned. I think I did Eel, spicy shrimp, and asparagus.Finally a sushi joint in Philly that's friendly to my checking account!! So to begin with this sushi bar is tiny (not BYOB tiny) but TINY!!!  Literally I counted maybe 10 seats around a sushi bar. The prices were shocking! Had I been transported back to California- $4.50 for two piece of nigiri- hello I'm already in love with this place. 
For apps we had the gyoza and edamame- both cheap and fairly decent, although the edamame was a bit undercooked. The real standout was the sushi. Its roughly $10.95 for your choice of 3 basic rolls- awesome! The sushi was good, although I noticed that they were more liberal with the avocado and cucumber, rather than the fish, but everything tasted fresh. We also had a specialty roll with mango and unagi. Unagi was awesome- yum yum and tasted super good with the thin slices of mango (although the mango wasn't very ripe) on top. The specialty rolls were pricier, but a great deal considering how much sushi you get. And the nigiri- OMG- melt in your mouth- very fresh!
They deliver for orders greater than $10 and takeout is definitely the way to go. Finally an affordable sushi joint!If I could give this place a zero, I would. My brother, boyfriend and I ordered from here because of the good reviews. I guess they were having a terrible off day, but our sushi was HORRIBLE. We couldn't even eat it! It looked bad, tasted bad, and did not look fresh AT ALL. We spent $40 and we picked it up to not even eat it!! We were all way too scared we would get sick. The sushi from the grocery store was better than this stuff. I have attached photos. You can see how gross it looks. Also, they were falling apart!! The rolls wouldn't stay together when you picked them up! Save yourself and go anywhere else.Allows us to substitute rolls for the 39 piece for 1$ extra. Employees are nice and warming, the area is nice and quiet and sit in is air conditionedAbsolutely jonesing for sushi, I was glad to be a few steps away from miniature Vic Sushi Bar. 
If you're trying to grab a bite with more than a handful of friends, check in elsewhere. I estimate the max capacity at 17, including chefs and other employees. If you didn't already know those 17 people intimately as of yet, you soon will as you bump elbows with fellow patrons and sit about arms-length away from sushi rollers. 
Key word here: self-sufficiency. 
Get up and get your own drink. Keep your eyes on the guys: they give you a look and you give your order. Once it's ready, you're handed your plate over the window.
My simple sushi (I saw much more colorful and compounded combos rolling out) was fresh and not weighed down with too much rice. Next time I find myself in need of sushi, hopefully I'm not too far from Vic'sAfter exploring a dozen or so sushi restaurants in center city (and a few really fancy ones in the suburbs too), I have to say Vic remains my absolute favorite.
I've tried a few of their offerings, but what always keeps me coming back is their Philadelphia Roll, which happens to be the only type of sushi I can say "melts in your mouth" it's really that good.  Ingredients are fresh and made with expert craftsmanship right in front of you (as it should be, no picking who-knows-how-old sushi out of a chafer).  Not only that, but the staff are genuinely friendly, they enjoy what they do and appreciate their customers.
Best of all, it's VERY easy on the wallet, $10 will leave you satiated, although you'll probably want more.
As a few others have said, it's not a dinner place, you can count the number of seats on one hand.  During the warm months you can get take out and enjoy it in nearby Rittenhouse Park...who could ask for more?Delivering fresh and tasty sushi...  enough said!  We order from Vic's a lot for lunch, and I have really grown to love this place.  Their sushi is nothing fancy, but it is fresh and always consistently delicious.  They have a great selection of Veggie rolls, and they offer a $10 special where you can choose 3 rolls, which is quite a bit of food for $10!  
For my last party, I ordered a Sushi tray pretty late the evening before, and they were very accommodating. Not one piece was left on the tray at the end of our party.  Everyone enjoyed the selection they put together.  
The inside of the restaurant is quite small, but it is a BYO.  If you can get a table, it would be great place for dinner too!I used to come here a lot because I liked the intimate feel. Now a days though, it's easier for me to just go to Tsuki Sushi because it has so much more space. 
The rolls ok. Sometimes they're good. But the last time I went the put so little eel in my eel roll and just covered the rice in eel sauce... soooo cheap. 
Pay a dollar more, and get better service and better rolls at Tsuki a couple blocks over.Best sushi in Philadelphia. Always fresh. The place is tiny so it's not great for groups.So good! So cheap! So fresh! Found this place a couple nights ago to get sushi takeout, and not only was I able to get many rolls for a super decent price, I only had to wait a few minutes while I watched them being made and they were amazingly fresh and delicious! Oh, I'll be back, and it will be a fearsome feast to behold! I also randomly liked that they gave soy sauce in plastic dishes instead of those really annoyingly hard to open packets, it made my life so much easier!Tiny place but the food is amazing and they are really quick to get you everything. Very expedient!Delicious sushi. Everything fresh and good. So small to go with a baby. Nice to place to pick up or delivery.Vic's Sushi Bar is hands down my favorite sushi spot in the city! The 3 roll deal is great, the small sit down is charming, and when you're really feeling lazy.. they deliver! I have recommended this spot to multiple friends and they love it.I went here on a weekday after work. It's a tiny hole in the wall place with limited seating so I recommend taking out. I got the miso soup which was pretty good but their sweet potato rolls is my favorite. The location is very convenient! The service and price are usually great. I'll definitely be going back again!Came here for lunch and got 3 rolls combo as well as the tuna dumplings. Everything was fresh and delicious, but particularly the tuna dumplings - a must if you come here!Yum yum yum yum yum. I'm pretty speechless, which, for me, is totally rare.
Finally ate here on the recommendations of yelpers, and they are all right. Yep, it's small (you feel like you're eating in someone's kitchen) but it's cozy and as long as it's not too crowded, it adds to the experience.
The service was great, the sushi, which was amazingly delicious, was made quickly and the price was right.
If they weren't playing a Muzac version of "Ave Maria" over and over on the speaker in front of me, it would have been darn near perfect. As it was, it made me, my belly and my credit card happy. I'm down with the VIC.3 roll combo special is a really good deal for decent quality sushi. I take one star away bc its near impossible to get seating during dinner time. But they are BYOB if you don't mind waiting.After a week of disappointing eats at a various restaurants, Vic Sushi was a nice surprise to end a week long trip.  Although the bar (which is the entire restaurant) only seats 6 to 8 guests at a time, we were fortunate to be seated within 15 minutes.  This gave us a good opportunity to watch the chefs prepare some unique creations with their delicate knife skills.  
The rolls were amazing and comparable to some of the stand-out sushi restaurants in California: affordable, creative, huge, and fresh!
I definitely recommend the tuna dumplings: These tuna sashimi pouches are listed under appetizers, but were probably the most memorable and tastiest part of the dinner.  Yummm.
This place is a small and cozy with a big emphasis on SMALL, so I'd probably opt for take-out if I were a local living in Philly.  I imagine there have probably been a good number of chopstick stabbing accidents as the counter bar can get crowded.This is a very small sushi bar located right next to helium comedy club.  It's a good place to grab a quick bite before a show if you're running late.  The inside sits about no more than 15 people with about 10 seats at the bar and one table on the side that sits 4 people.  
The sushi is not spectacular so don't expect your sushi to come out looking like those you would find at a fancy sushi restaurant in center city (such as Raw).  For the price, I feel the sushi is very good (the quality of raw fish did not disappoint).  They have a 3 roll special for 10.95 which I felt was the best deal.  I usually order their Kani salad, which I find very tasty and refreshing (it's crab sticks and cucumber with spicy mayo).
As far as the service, don't expect much, it's basically eat and leave.  They get pretty busy during lunch hours and evening hours as the place is rather small. Overall, if you crave sushi and are on a time constraint, this place is perfect for the price and quality of food.Visited for a late lunch on Wednesday May 25th 2011.
A small BYOB that unfortunately, in my opinion, did not rise up to all the positive reviews.  Although cheap, the sushi lacked in flavor.   
Positive(s) - Cheap (3 sushi rolls for $10.95).. Fast service..  
Negative(s) - Lacking in flavor on all levels.. No liquor license.. 
Hoping that my visit was merely a fluke. - Going to try some of their speciality rolls next visit which aren't as cost efficient as the 3 rolls for $10.95, but look promising.Came with a group of 5 people. Barely any seating. It's a whole in a wall space. Reminds you of those old Japanese movie where only locals go for the best unique eats. This place has a table for five and then a wrap around bar that looks like it sits 8 people. BYOB is cool but drinks are self serve.
We placed our order with the sushi chef. Miso soup is good. Salad is more of a take out style. No waitress. Sushi is pretty darn good. BFF roll is the best. Orders were put in and came out quick. We got ours handed over the counter. The rest of the rolls were good. Prices are decent. They also have delivery for nearby area. It's definitely a unique find in this area.An amazing sushi place - definitely one of the best sushi places I've been to. 
Their menu is very unique and the sushi is absolutely delicious. The tuna dumplings are great, and so is the Sansom roll! The restaurant is a little small so sometimes you'll have to wait for a spot to open up, but they post photos of previous guests on the wall, which I though was a nice little thing to do. 
Also, the preparers are super friendly and nice, and they prepare everything in front of you so you can see your sushi being freshly prepared. 
Overall, definitely a must-try!Great sushi! Great prices! 
although I've never actually been to the place, it is my understanding that it is extremely small. This is a great sushi take out. I'm always afraid to get sushi to go. You get great sushi from this place. very original menu with really good special rolls.
If you're looking for a  sushi take-out this is your place!I've tried quite a few sushi places in the city and this is one of my favorites! The prices are good, they have a good selection of rolls, and if you dine in it's BYO. The seating is fairly limited and the size of the place is small so I usually do takeout, but I did dine in once and the service was extremely quick! The take out service is also quick usually ready in 15 minutes and always ready when I walk over to pick it up. I've had a variety of rolls here but I usually opt for the 3 roll special, it's 3 of the more basic rolls for 11.75 which is a great deal. I've also gotten a few of the specialty rolls, the best friends roll was amazing! The Sansom and the fantastic roll were decent but not my favorite. If you like shrimp in your rolls then you will probably like the sansom, seems to be a popular one, just prefer fresh fish with my rolls. And the tuna dumpling appetizer is a must try with lots of avocado and tuna, it's delicious! They also have good quality sashimi like I like to treat myself to occasionally. You really can't go wrong here!The combination deals are spectacular for sushi, but if your not going for their combination deals, the price is very high for some very average sushi. Also, the shrimp tempura roll is odd. The tempura is mixed in raw tuna and then the shrimp (that was cooked too long) is added?? Maybe I got a bad order or a new person making my sushi but it was bad and definitely not shrimp tempura. I even asked just to make sure after tasting it...Well-priced and a no-frills atmosphere. We got take-out and enjoyed all of the six rolls we decided on, especially the sweet potato roll (3 rolls for $10.95). There's very limited seating but the plates being put together by the chef at the counter were so beautiful, it looks worth a return trip to eat-in.Vic is the best place for eating sushi in Philadelphia. Prices are ok, and the food is amazing.Simply the best- quick service, great food, great prices, amazing all around
- from, a localThis is one of the best sushi bars in Philly and in general. But don't be fooled by how small and low-key it looks. This place ranks in the big leagues, for sure.
There were two of us. We ordered a spider roll, a summer roll, a birthday roll (all special rolls), edamame and seaweed salad. It was fantastic. The sushi was so fresh and flavorful I was fighting to hold back tears of joy. Not to mention the service was incredibly fast. I'm glad we got in there when we did though because right after we sat down, about three more couples walked in behind us and had to leave or wait awkwardly behind us until enough chairs opened up. I have no idea how long the wait was for them because I'm pretty sure I blacked out in a sushi-eating frenzy shortly after we got our food. It was very quiet in there because the restaurant is so small. I really can't emphasize how small this place is, but it's 100% worth it to go here. I've been told not to go here on a Friday or Saturday night because it's crazy, so please consider that if you're going here for the first time. Otherwise, I definitely recommend Vic's. It is sure to impress.Excellent place for sushi, and the Tuna Dumplings are out-of-control amazing!
If you can get seats, it's a very cozy place to dine, but even if you can't, Rittenhouse Square is just a few blocks away.  It's also located near the Roxy Theatre and Helium Comedy Club, so it's a great place for dates.
The only real downside is it has limited seating (~5-7 seats), but that, I think, adds to the charm.  All-and-all, a great find.This place is essentially take-out only but wow I have never been so happy to give my money to a restaurant.  I mean it is sushi so don't expect to fill up for cheap but Vic is great quality, especially for such moderate prices.  The salmon combo and the sansom roll are standout gems in an already formidable menu.  Vic is a hole-in-the-wall for sure so be sure to take-out but they are obsessed with making amazing sushi, so its totally worth walking to rittenhouse square to actually eat it.I love the food here and frequently order delivery as well as take out.  
I recently ordered for delivery and realized they had saved my credit card information into their computer system!  An even bigger shocker was when I looked at my delivery receipt, my CC number AND expiration date was fully printed out on the receipt for the whole world to see.  
I am beyond upset, this is a huge security violation.  Most people wouldn't even notice and most businesses with half a brain would know better than to do this.
Bummer because I really like their food.Very small place, maybe 8 seats at the sushi bar, but the food was very good.  This is NOT a destination restaurant, but more a great place to grab a bite if you are local.  If I'm ever in the area again and hungry, I will definitely stop in for a bite.Will never understand how this place has such high ratings. The sushi totally sucks. They don't cut the fish properly so you may end up with a bite full of skin. Nasty.Can I get a HELL YEAH?
Seriously... Can I? Cause I want to give it to Vic. I stopped in for lunch this week and was floored by the by everything I ordered. My standard is miso, a roll and sake sashimi. I tried a nontraditional iRoll, guess I'm a sucker for anything referencing apple. There was an unexpected surprise of coconut, it really added an interesting complexity to the roll. The roll are fun and make great use of flavor combinations.
Sashimi is where I really judge sushi. It is the most striped down and honest food product you can get. If you don't have a great product there's no hiding it. Vic's sake sashimi was like kissing a mermaid, smooth, sensual and seductive. I could eat this all day.
Vic is my new favorite sushi bar.Patience is a virtue, and if you want Friday night sushi from Vic's, you'll need it. Arrive early or wait 20 minutes. 
Once you are seated, it's a much different place. The first few times I went, I had few almost no complaints. Beyond waiting for two groups of four to leave and clear out space this time, it's another great experience. The woman taking our order greeted us and gave us time to relax and sift through their sizable menu. We had one special roll and the three roll special. The rolls came out fast and well plated very nicely. Once again the eel roll and sweet potato roll shined. 
Bottom line: let's call this a 3.5 star review because the wait is too long, but the service and sushi and good enough to make me give it 4 stars instead of three.  It's a BYOB, too- a definite plus.Wow! First off, the food was fantastic! I ordered 4 rolls total: the Alaskan roll, Spicy Salmon roll, Crazy Roll, and a White Dragon roll. On top of that, my guest and I also had a miso soup. The miso soups were okay, but with a touch of soy sauce, it made it much better. But on to the good stuff. The sushi came out quickly and was presented nicely as well. The regular rolls come with 8 pieces for a cheap price too! I'll take 8 pieces over 6 pieces any day! The special rolls were outstanding. Try the CRAZY ROLL. The crab mix on the roll was so tasty. 
I docked 1 star solely due to space issues. There is literally no where to sit besides at the sushi bar. No tables, nothing. So, odds are you are going to have to wait unless you get lucky. 
I would definitely recommend this place to anyone who loves sushi, and for a cheap price!There's not much I can say.
I come to Vic's when I'm craving sushi, and 3 rolls for $11 with lightning speed service makes it even better. I've never had the specialty rolls, but even the basic ones are satisfying. If Vic's were closer to where I lived, I would come here much, much more often.
There are about 7 seats total in the place, so be prepared to wait a long time if you get there in the middle of a meal time. The complimentary tea makes it fine! You can also call-ahead and order, but you'd miss out on possibly being in one of their pictures lining the walls.
The only downside is that they're closed on Mondays, and sometimes I want sushi on Mondays. And that they're popular, which means less sushi / longer wait for me. (I know, a woeful situation indeed.)Our favorite Sushi place, so easy going and food is fresh and tasty all the time.Vic Sushi was a really nice surprise in comparison to the usual, overly priced subpar sushi in CC. There's only seating at a small bar that wraps around the sushi counter, but to me that was an enjoyable aspect to the experience. But, be aware if you're looking for seating that you may have to do carry out. If dining here, you MUST try the tuna dumplings. It's like nothing I've ever tried before and my life is forever changed. Also, the three roll special for $11 is a really great deal.Went to Vic Sushi for the first time this week, it was great! VERY small on the inside, so it might be better for takeout if you're picky about the ambiance/space. 
They have a great deal for 3 rolls, which I usually do not order that many but the rolls were on the small side, since you are getting 3 for about $10. 
Also try the Volcano roll (not included in the 3 roll special!) it is amazing! 
BYOB was nice too! Note: they do not take AMEX but do accept credit cards!I usually don't get Sushi because I never really like the taste of it but I visited this place today and found out that what I was eating wasn't really seaweed and rice wrapped nothingness compared to this place. The fish was very fresh, delicious and very quickly made. I ordered the 3 roll special - the Shrimp Tempura, White Tuna Roll and Inari Roll. All of the rolls were very good but what roll stood out the most was the Shrimp Tempura which was amazing. All in all, the price and the fact that they make it fresh in front of you very quickly, this place is very good.Vic's 3 rolls for $10.95 and incredible specialty rolls (including the shrimp tempura mango coconut roll... mind-blowing!) will make any sushi lover a very happy person!  This small, intimate BYOB makes it sometimes hard to get a seat, but take out and delivery make getting your sushi fix very easy! Vic's creations are out of this world: aesthetically pleasing and incredible tasting!Came here for a date with my girlfriend and I have to say that I am a fan.  The price wasn't bad and the food was pretty good.  The two od us opted for one of their party platters because we can both eat alot lmfao.  The only downside to this place was the room to sit.  This place is definitely a better place to bring food home from then to eat there.  All and all really good sushi for the price and I would absolutely come here again probably to get take out though.Best sushi in Philadelphia! We went for lunch on a weekday and were able to get seated in the tiny restaurant. We ordered the tuna dumplings, which were delicious as expected. We also did the 3 roll special- I actually recommend against doing this. These rolls were nothing special. The specialty rolls are where Vic differentiates itself. Sansom was my favorite!Let's hear it for Vic!  I love this place.  I always get the 2 roll special for take out.  Always the yellowtail [mmm].  Last week I thought I'd branch out and try the spicy tuna roll.  Don't do that.  Ever.  It was basically mayonnaise and disgusting.  But the yellowtail is solid.  One of these days I might try sitting down in there.You ever meet a person who just always seems to find something to nit pick about? Well those have got to be the people who gave this place any less than a 4!!! (unless they requested delivery)
I have now been here 2 times, once on a date and once on a mad lunch break dash from my office in East Falls to their Sansom St. location to fulfill my Sushi craving, and I have yet to be disappointed. The Ocean Brothers roll and Crazy roll are among my favorites for now since I'll definitely be back to try out the rest of the menu. 
If there was anything that I would warn future patrons about it would be the fact that this place is quite small and on a busy night, or if you're traveling with a nice size group of people, it might be difficult to get seating. The other thing I would warn about is their delivery service. I have never ordered delivery, however, I witnessed the staff taking a few calls from patrons who'd ordered 30 or more minutes before and had not yet received their order. Not making excuses for them but I would attribute this issue to their popularity and the fact that their delivery, at least on that night, was a middle aged man on a bike.
Overall, I think this place is definitely worth visiting AT LEAST once to gain your own experience. Who knows, it might become a FAV!!!This place was fantastic. I was really surprised my first time I arrived at Vic Sushi, because it was so small, and because my friend told me it was a BYO. There is a tiny bar section, and a table right at the entrance of the restaurant that will fit a maximum of 5 people. There aren't really any servers, and the waiter/waitress takes your order over the bar area.
The sushi is delicious and so impeccably made. Everything tasted so fresh, and when I asked for extra masago on the side, they obliged! They also have really unique rolls, one which includes strips of mango on the top. This type of creativity makes me want to go back again and again to try out new rolls. 
I recommend this place to anyone who likes take-out, doesn't mind small spaces, and can tolerate a possible lack of service. 
Fantastic food!Tasty sushi for reasonable price. Small place and waiting list could be long. Service could be improved.Ordered an Alaskan roll (salmon and avocado) and the salmon was the lowest quality I have ever seen. It was more fat that salmon. Do not recommendThe hype is real, this place is so good. Their specialty rolls, price-wise, might not seem like the best "deal" because their $12-15 prices seem pretty average, but the rice-to-filling ratio is UNREAL, they're 10% rice to 90% filling. My favorite is the birthday roll, an awesome combo of different fish with a little avocado. Delicious, great quality, the only thing keeping me from 5 stars is that it's a tiny space so unless you plan on coming at a weird time, like 3 PM, you have to get takeout because there is only seating for about 8 people. Otherwise, if you love sushi, get takeout and you will not be disappointed.This is my go to place for sushi in Philly. The sushi is always fresh and the presentation of each roll is fantastic, especially for the specialty rolls. My favorite is the yellow dragon roll. The mango is the perfect partner with the eel. The restaurant is tiny and always crowded so be prepared to wait for a seat at peak hours.Awesome sushi, great 3 roll specials, and quick delivery (even on a weekend night)!  Only downfall, they're not open on Sundays! :(This place is Philly's best kept secret or judging from the number of reviews here maybe not. Here's what you need to know: it's small, they don't take reservations, they're a byob, they do take out, they're delicious and fresh. If you're coming in for awesome sushi, you won't be disappointed, if you're coming in for thrills and fancy decor well, this may not be the place for you. Me personally though, I love the decor, or actually the lack of thereof. Except for a wall of photographs you won't see any adornments. The focus is on the rolls and the guys behind the counter making your delicious dinner. I'll keep coming back for that.Vic is the best deal in town, shoved into the tiniest space in town. Everyone must know about the 3 rolls for $10 deal as its always full and there's always a wait. Shumai are stellar and sushi is above average but I don't love it/ think its as high quality as everyone else. Its great for a sushi fix and byo so excellent option for a cheap eat. Nice staff round out the experience.Delicious specialty rolls and 3 roll special for $10.95 can't be beat! Actually, when it comes down to it, this seems to be the most consistent quality sushi place in Phila. The seating limit of ~10 people makes this place charming but also a little tight, but the sushi is really top of the line. They are fast, and always have incredible specials. We love the tuna dumplings stuffed with avacado as well.The three roll special is good price, but the rolls are small, with a limited selection.  Miso soup was very good, but they do not give you the spoons that you usually get in sushi bars, you just get a regular plastic spoon.  The two special rolls that I had were very good, definatly worth the price.  The Al a Carte sushi was good, with very fresh fish.
The ambinence was ok, it is very small and cramped if all the seats are taken (12-15 seats), and they have an old school boom box playing 80s music.The only thing stopping me from giving Vic's 5 stars is their service and quality of the rolls/food goes down tremendously during lunch (1130am - 130pm). The reason for that is because of their "3 Rolls for $10.95" lunch special. Otherwise, the rolls are made well and you receive 8 pieces per roll. If you eat in, you receive free tea. I have tried a handful of the special rolls and while they are a bit pricey, for the most part, they are worth it!
*Others may say that the small venue is also a negative.DELICIOUS SUSHI! prepared fast. I love their food, it's incredible, but the seating is limited so don't get there at peak times (or just order take-out).I feel like this place has 3 1/2 star food but the quick service bumps it up to 4. The ocean brother roll was delicious-- everything else we had was pretty standard. And honest to God I've never had sushi this fast. Usually it's torturously slow. If you're going to go on a second date and you think that it may bomb, this is the place to go. The place is psychotically small (only 13 people could sit!) so you can't talk about douchey things without the person rubbing elbows next to you overhearing. We ordered, had our sushi and was finished in under 30 minutes NO JOKE. I mean we were hungry so there wasn't any playing around, but still! Also, you can bring your own beer. So again, if you're on a crappy date, you can at least drink many beers without it jacking up the price of the meal. 
I'm looking out for you, you OKCupid daters!Unbelievable quality & value!!  While it is a small BYOB place it has a certain charm & exclusivity to it.  I try to go here whenever I come up to Helium for a show.  Love the variety in the menu & the liberal use of salmon in many of the rolls :)Best sushi place in center city! It's a hole in the wall but great fresh food and it's a BYOB!
3 roll special is always delicious and prepared quickly.
The chef Jimmy is very nice and if you catch them at the end of the evening when there are no other people there you can request a surprise roll! The line is usually out the door but I never waited for more than 15-20 minutes. I just with they were open later at night and on Sundays.The place is small and the seating is limited.  The staff is friendly and very personable. They are eager to help with any questions and even might share a funny story with you during the course of your dinner.  Vic and his wife really take good care of you and make you feel at home. The sashimi is very fresh and tender almost buttery and the rolls can be unique in innovation and impressive in taste. I would recommend trying the "Samson Roll", you will not be disappointed.  Also the "Romantic Roll" and the "Tiger Roll" are some of my other personal favorites. The establishment is a BYOB so feel free to bring your beverage of your choice with you. The space is limited but fortunately for me the times, I have never had to wait for a seat.Man, I love this place. It's small, but people get elbow-to-elbow and get along.
The iRoll and the Dragon Roll are two of my favorites. We go with 4 people at lunch and enjoy the whole vibe. We get really fresh sushi and get to be up close and personal with the sushi chefs. To me, this is the top sushi place in Philly.Best sushi is the entire city. Tiny tiny place. All they have is the bar and one table that seats four. But the wait is so worth it. Fresh fish, creative combos and they do takeout. Literally every roll is delicious and you can't chose wrongMy favorite sushi in Philly! Haven't had a roll I didn't like. My favorites are the alaska roll with mango-they will always add/sub anything to rolls or the sansom roll. 3 roll deal is great but all of the specialty rolls are delicious. If dining in get there early/go late since the store is so small. The best bet is to order take-out and eat in rittenhouse.haven't been here in a while, but i love the sushi deals. not only is it reasonably priced, but it's delicious. only problem would be the SMALL SPACE. there is almost never a place to sit, so it's best to order take out.Love this place with all my heart!
Tiny little hole in the wall, family owned operation.  See the same people there making my sushi every time I come in! The old guy is always carving the cucumbers into really these thin long spirals, sometimes the little boy runs around and is ridiculously cute.  It is small, cozy, and intimate  and that is what I love about it.
The sushi itself is fantastic for the price, freshness, flavor,and selection! You can get three rolls (8 pcs) for $10. If that's not a deal I don't know what is.  This includes all the pretty standard rolls: spicy tuna (so good), cali, alaska, salmon, philly, shrimp tempura, tuna, veggie rolls, etc.  Their specialty rolls look incredible as well.
$3 seaweed salads that are huge, edamame, good japanese salads.
Free hot tea!
Good selection of cold bottled teas!
I really couldn't recommend this place enough.
Lauren D. and I always go here when we're cravin sushi! :)I'm a believer that sushi is all about personal preference - I'm a fan of tuna and white tuna - so I think the most I can say about Vic's is that it has a great sushi to price ratio. The fish is most definitely fresh and the craftsmanship of the sushi is something you would expect to be paying double for. 
One item that has been raved about in nearly every review is the tuna dumpling. It's great for the experience of eating a delicious ball of avocado and tuna, but five dollars per dumpling is a bit of a steep cost. 
I'm a fan of hole in the wall places, this isn't a fancy restaurant by a long shot, but it's a great place to sit down, eat some good sushi, and chat with a couple friends.stumbled on this gem by a friend tell me about it. he told me that the sushi is really good and the place is cheap and affordable and he was right about everything.  This is a small place that packs a powerful punch. The sushi is incredible, my friend and i got the sansom roll and  it was out this world. they have a three roll special for $11 is pretty good considering your getting 24 rolls. 
All in all this place is not meant for big crowds as the place is really small it only seats about 10-12 people. So if your in the city make the trip to 20th and sansom and enjoy a meal you won't regret.Cool little sushi joint in the west side of Center City. No table seating, only seats around the sushi bar. Order directly from the sushi chef and grab your own drinks (make your own tea provided, water and other drinks in fridge) or BYOB. Sushi is fresh and not too pricey. However, the pieces of sushi are rather small. Fast service and clean atmosphere. Hole in wall sushi bar vibes.I've been here twice and here are my thoughts: 
-The $11 for 3 rolls is an amazing price..except that the list of options to choose from is pretty minimal 
-So, you wanna try the specialty rolls to change it up, but they're all $14+
Me personally, I end up spending $30-40 because I'm never full/satisfied with the 3 rolls and then I want to try the specialty rolls which were "aiite" in my opinion. I guess this is my fault more than anyone else's, but just a warning not to get overly excited about the $11 3 roll special. 
It is also authentic in the sense that it is a tiny hole in the wall. There is no bathroom (meh) and limited seating to maybe 10 people at once. So get there early and be prepared to wait!N and I come here every few weeks and devour the three roll specials they have. our favorite is alaska roll. their shrimp tempura special is disappointing as it is pretty soggy and hardly has any taste. I like their basic rolls like salmon roll, yellowtail roll and california roll.
since the place is so tiny, getting a seat on evenings and weekends are challenging but it's not that bad either. since the ownership changed we miss the sisters and vic (though we hardly talked to them).I've never actually dined in at Vic but it is my go to for take out sushi! The 3 roll special for $12 comes with 24 pieces and is both filling and delicious. Last time I asked for fluke and avocado instead of the salmon for the alaska roll, and they were more than happy to accommodate.
Two must try items on their menu: 1) the tuna dumplings (they can be pricey but worth trying at least once!) and 2) the sansom special roll.Vic's was superb!!! Wasn't a great fan of Sushi before, but I am now!! Dined here on a whim after a particularly heavy Philly rainstorm. Previous Yelp recommendations were perfect. The friendly (Chinese) chef was very helpful and patient explaining the choices. My daughter even managed to practise a little mandarin Chinese conversation. The 3 of us sat at the bar watching the preparation and drying off, while drinking the complimentary tea. 
Chose the wonderfully presented and flavourful Tuna (and avocado) dumpling as appetizer. Followed by 2 orders of their 3-roll special of the California, Philadelphia, Shrimp tempura, Yellow-tail and Spicy tuna rolls.
I was watching with interest the preparation of other dishes that were visually appetizing and wanted to know what they were. Afterwards, we noticed the display board behind us that had a picture of each and every menu item.Consistently good sushi. I won't give it five stars because it's not the best I've ever had, but it's very, very good.While in rehearsal at the Adrienne for a show, a number of my cast-mates raved about the sushi from Vic, and since it was across the street from the theater, I stopped in to grab a quick bite to go one evening before heading to rehearsal.  As I scanned the menu, I spotted a 3-roll special for $10.95--an amazing deal!  Plus each roll = 8 pieces so you really get the most sushi for your buck.  It's a small place and it looked to be a bit crowded for the dinner hour, but there are a few small tables and seating at the sushi bar, so stop by and sit in or take-out!This place has some pretty cheap sushi, but its service is highly questionable. When I went with my family, we noticed that their cash register charges an additional cent per roll you order for the 3 for $10.95 deal. While this is a minuscule amount of money to be complaining about, when we asked for clarification about the pricing and whether Vic's was purposely deceiving their customers, one of the sushi chefs replied with an emphatic "YES" and just stared/glared at us. No apologies. No clarification. Just yes, Vic's is deceiving its customers and just hand over the money. Never coming back here again. Would NEVER recommend this place to anyone. 0.5 starts at best because of the ATROCIOUS SERVICE.Had my birthday party there. Best most reasonable-priced sushi I ever had! The birthday rolls are super good. They got many fancy types, all look and taste heavenly!Hole in the wall amazing BYO sushi restaurant. Sushi is fresh and the rolls are amazing!!!  My favorites rolls are:  Naruto, Christmas, snow white, and the Atlantic Rolls. 
You can't go and not order the tuna dumplings as an appetizer. 
Prices are very reasonable. 
Everything is great except the fact that it only seats 10 people max.I've been coming here for six years and is been incredibly consistent. The rice is well cooked, the fish to rice ratio is spot on, and the fish itself is excellent. It doesn't get much simpler, and the value for your buck doesn't get any better.Spicy tuna, white tuna, tuna, pineapple, avocado and coconut jam. No, I'm not listing different things on the menu, I'm listing the ingredients in one roll, the mouthwateringly complex iRoll. Just one of the many specialty makis they're rolling at Vic's, this is one of the most delicious options with its immense size, lightness in texture, spicy kick, and subtle sweet finish as the juicy pineapple bursts in your mouth.
Trust me, I've more or less described all of the specialty rolls. I've yet to try one that isn't among the best of its kind. The a la carte sushi options are all extremely fresh and delicate, and I love their eel. Sometimes they don't have certain fish in stock, but that's probably because it was so good that they ran out, or the catch that day was subpar and they're opting not to serve it, either way, it's a testament to how seriously they take their sushi.
The Kani Salad was a spicy, creamy start to my last meal here, and was reminiscent in texture and flavor of coleslaw with a Japanese flair, it would go well as a side dish just as much as an appetizer. The dressing was a bit heavy, though, making it more filling than I would have liked, so I may opt for the seaweed salad next time instead, but this is definitely a dish to try at least once. 
Reasonable prices and some of the best sushi I've had in Philly, but good luck getting a seat if you plan to dine in. On second thought, maybe skip dining in. Not only is there very limited seating, but there's a lot of foot traffic and hovering with people pouring in to place and pickup orders or wait for seats. If you don't want to take your sushi home, why not wander a couple blocks over to Rittenhouse Square, and enjoy it in the park? If it's a nice night, why waste it sitting inside anyway?Vic is my go-to place for take out sushi! Two of my favorite options on the menu are the three roll special for $10.95 and 39 piece party platter for $32.50 (to split with a friend :)). They're both a really great value for the amount of food and the quality. The specialty rolls are great, too! 
I've only eaten in the restaurant once -- it is teeny tiny! And really warm! I think I'll stick with take out.Get in and get out- this place is not meant for lingering chatty Cathy's like my friend Elaine M. and I.  We saw several spots at the sushi bar turn over during the time we were there.  That's because there is NO other seating besides the sushi bar (which seats about 12) and the ONE table near the door which is probably not normally used for patrons. Oh well. Wine, my favorite lady friend, and sushi? I'm here to stay. 
For starters, the service was a bit.... 'odd'.  No server, aside from the person cleaning tables once patrons left and the sushi chefs behind the counter.  Once we snagged a corner spot in one of the 12 chairs offered, we were handed two glasses over the sushi bar and pointed toward the direction of the community bottle opener hanging out on the sushi bar and the menus positioned upright in a stack along the side.  Read: channel your inner bartender and pop that bottle because you're on your own for that one. 
Once we browsed the menu (lots of options) we decided on the raved about tuna dumplings which were life changing. Tuna wrapped around an avocado mixture. To.Die.For.
For rolls, we got iRoll, White Dragon, Birthday Roll and the Princess Roll- because we eat a lot.  
Our favorites were the iRoll and the Birthday roll:
The iRoll was certainly the champion of the night - spicy tuna, white tuna, tuna, pineapple, avocado and some baller coconut jam wrapped in soy paper.  It was so  fresh and had a lot of different flavors. 
The Birthday roll - another heavyweight runner up was white tuna, salmon, avocado, cucumber, and pickled radish. AHH amazing.
Can't wait for my sushi comrade, Elaine M. to join me at Vic again!Came here on the insistence of my sister. The first time I came around 7/7:30pm on a Friday and there was already a wait, so I headed to Shake Shack instead. The next day I knew to get there early and immediately snagged a seat for 1 around 6pm.
Of course, I had to get the tuna dumplings. I've never eaten THAT much tuna with THAT much avocado, but man it was good. I loved the spicy kick of the volcano roll, but wasn't that impressed by the yellow dragon roll (eel with mango).
It was cool to sit at the bar and have them make the sushi right in front of you, but you can't see much due to all the things in the way blocking the view. They also took a really long time to get me a cup of water, which was a bit frustrating. But for the food, there was really fast service and I'd come back for those dumplings.It just hit me today that I never got to write a review for my favorite sushi place in Philadelphia. So here it is: get anything here and it will not disappoint you in anyway. 
Why I love this place so much:
1. Their 3 roll special: for $10.95, you can get 3 sushi rolls (8pc per roll). My favorite ones are Yellowtail Roll, Salmon Roll, and Shrimp Tempura Roll. 
2. Tuna dumplings: nothing beat tuna and avocado wrapped by more tuna with some crunchiness!
3. Their special rolls: you get your money worth with how much fish they put in their rolls! My favorites are: Tiger Roll, White Dragon Roll, Spider Roll, and Birthday Roll.
I have been hoping that they will expand and get a bigger place, but it does add some character to this place when you can eat right by the sushi bar and watch how your food is being prepared.I lived in Philly for the five years I went to college and my girlfriends and I were at this place at least once a week... sometimes TWICE! The sushi here is creative, delicious and fresh! We have never had a bad experience.
Additionally, the staff is amazing. They are friendly, attentive and fun! Our picture has been on the wall for over 5 years and when I return to Philly to visit I still love seeing it up there.
My friends and I have tried almost everything on the menu so I'll just stick to our favorites. My routine is shrimp shumai, tuna dumplings and the I-roll. MAN, those three things sure are a lot of food but it is all SO GOOD and I am never in town so I have to order it! My best friend order the shumai, Kani salad and the volcano roll. Also a fantastic combo! Can't go wrong with either selection!
We have strayed away from our routine a few times and have not been disappointed. The Ocean Brother Roll is beyond delicious! The Ichiban roll was a special roll they had on their board with lump crab, cream cheese and shrimp tempura. That brings back some delicious memories. 
I absolutely love this place, despite the small area and there only being about ten seats! I will gladly wait to have them prepare me their delicious food. By far my favorite sushi place in Philly! Love it!Best sushi in Center City.
Here's what's good / popular to order: 
1.Sansom Roll
2.Tuna dumplings 
3.Sunomono 
4.MangoTango Roll
About 10 seats inside I think ,but not so busy during the day so you might find a seat.Busier at night.Many people order to go due to no seats.Hands down my favorite sushi spot. My favorite Roll is Lovers Roll and Sansom Roll. I tried the Tuna Dumpling which wasn't bad, but inside had avocado which was too creamy for me. Only complaint is the location of the place.Not a sushi connoisseur, I will confess, but I know and love good food.  Second time here for take out .  Their nigiri combo is now one of my most favorite things to eat on Earth!!!!  The food tastes fresh to me and the service is quick and freindly.  Added to my go to place list in the city.I absolutely LOVE the Samson roll.. I always get that, along with the 3 rolls for $10.95 special. The sushi is never fishy, always fresh, and fairly fast. This place is so small but they are smart about seating, so there's never a seat wasted (although it does get awkward bumping elbows with a stranger, haha..).Great sushi for great price!!
i came here because my friend recommended the sushi dumplings. i was like.. wtheck is that?
it's basically sushi .. but looks like a dumpling. the skin of the dumpling is tuna. 
it was really good. fresh tuna. a lot of avocado inside. 
however, it was 2 for $10 which is pretty darn pricey for just 2 pieces. 
the other rolls are much more worth your money. 
parking is impossible around here and seating is tight too, so plan ahead!This place is so small! I came here last night with my boyfriend and we were REALLY surprised when we walked in. Luckily, there were 3 open seats at the counter.
It was my friend time sitting in front of the sushi bar and man did it feel kind of awkward.. It was interesting seeing them make the sushi though.
We ordered the Yellow Dragon, Love Roll, and Sansom Roll. THEY WERE SOOO GOOD!!
The place is tiny but the service was quick and the sushi was awesome. Definitely coming back!I had the 3 roll special (salmon, spicy tuna and scrimp tempura) and shared it with a friend. Generously thick salmon and warm tempura just made me a really happy girl. We also had the white tuna sashimi.it was so fresh and was worth every penny. :) 
Only downside was that it was a very small restaurant and I was squished to the corner right next to the kitchen. :(Small. Personable staff. Freshest fish ever. Best sushi in Philly- not fancy just straight up good.3 rolls for $10!!! whaaattt? I've never had so much delicious fresh sushi for such a price. Its a small and cozy environment, you can see your food being prepared, and it was such a steal!!!! perfect for eating alone or with one other person as the seating is bar style. awesome awesome spot, I am definitely coming back soon!This is an odd little place, a great little place, but still odd...
It's odd because it's meant for takeout.  If you manage to snag one of the 6 seats at the bar, you're still basically eating take out.  Of course the sushi is fresh (and delicious) but everything else that you order is basically already packaged to go. For instance, if you order a seaweed salad, you then have to go over to the refrigerator in the corner and get it.  Kind of strange.  But, I suppose, it saves them time and money. 
But the sushi is delicious and very affordable.  Some rolls are great deals (three rolls for $10! Are you kidding me!). 
I like this place, a lot, and hope it continues to do well. I certainly plan on going back.
Edit- It is now $11 for three rolls. Still a good deal, if you don't mind all of the cucumber they stuff into the rolls.Good food but they won't deliver south of Washington St. They were also fairly rude on the phone when they explained their delivery policy.Went here for late lunch with boyfriend last Thursday. The place is very small and has limited seating probably around 8-10 seats total. They have a 3 roll special for $10.95 and of course the choices are limited. Then there's the special rolls priced higher but it was pretty decent. We also got the tuna dumplings which was amazingly good. It was on a higher price point, 2 for $10 but size was pretty big. Altogether our meal cost us about $30 for lunch. We did the 3 roll special, order of spider roll and order of tuna dumplings. While eating we noticed a lot of people order take out so I guess that's where they get most their business from since the place is so small. We will definitely be back for some more tuna dumplings.This is my favorite Japanese restaurant in Philly. The restaurant is very small so expect a rather long wait time if u come here at peak hour like 6pm. However, the waitress is really sweet and try her best to get us seat as soon as possible. 
The restaurant ambient is very Japanese-ish. 
One of the thing I like this place is because you can come alone without feeling awkward since most of the table is at counter bar. The food is really fast so if u don't have much time, this is the place to go 
My favorites menu are the following:
1. Tuna dumplings
2. Spicy Tuna tartare
3. Ocean brother rolls
4. Black dragon rolls 
5. Yellow tail sashimiReliable, cheap, tasty sushi... but in no way a five star experience.  I generally do take out, but I've dined in once (that was enough for me).  The three roll special is good but there is a HUGE difference between the size of those rolls and the size of the special rolls.  A lot of times I'll do one of the cheap rolls and then a special roll (I like the rainbow).  Their phone service isn't great, but they're quick and get the job done.The best friends roll is so good that you'll think of taking it to the next level but then you're afraid of losing your best friend. So you decide to just enjoy the moment but always...always wanting more.This place is a gem, but I already knew that because they also have locations in willow grove and montgomeryville and I go there all the time too so it's about time I write my 1st yelp review ever for Vic! The fish is fresh, rice is cooked perfectly and the simply elegant presentation makes me smile when it's ready! The 3 rolls for $11 is awesome. Tiger roll is the bomb!This is the place to go for the *best bang for the buck* sushi in Center City. Their rolls are very decent for the price... just don't expect it to be Morimoto quality. For 10 bucks, you can get 3 rolls. You can choose from the standard rolls (california rolls, spicy tuna rolls, etc.) or some specialty rolls. They also have some cheap appetizers. All in all, you can be stomach happy for less than 15 dollars. The only bad thing about this place is that it's really small, with only about half a dozen seats or so. Many people just order take out. Simply put, if you want some inexpensive, good quality sushi, stop by Vic's!Vic Sushi Bar
2035 Sansom St, Philadelphia PA, 19103 (215) 564-4339
Monday - Thursday 11:30 am to 9:30 pm
Friday 11:30 am to 10:00 pm
Saturday 12:30 pm to 10:00 pm
BYOB.  Non-alcoholic drinks available in a small cooler (self serve).
This literal hole-in-the-wall located between 20th and 21st on Samsom St had such fantastic sushi that it demanded critical acclaim in this blog. Put aside your pretenses and stop ruffling your feathers over the absence of valet parking faithful reader and feast your eyes on the scrumptious cuisine before you. For God's sake this is a food blog-- not an interior design blog.
This BYOB features seating for 10-15 max.  As I said before-- hole-in-the-wall.  The walls are decorated with pictures of happy patrons consuming large quantities of raw fish. The requisite Buddha is featured prominently in the center of the above photo.
We commandeered seating at the bar where the sushi was being made.  It is always fun watching your creation being crafted before you eat it.
Here's what we ate:
Tuna Dumplings. $10. The dumplings here are made with bigeye tuna, avocado, spicy mayo, tempura and imitation crab inside with green tobiko on top. They're garnished with daikon radish, eel sauce and spicy mayo.  They are made with a lot of avocado so the dumplings are very creamy in consistency.
Edamame. $2. Edamame or edamame bean is a preparation of immature soybeans in the pod, found in the cuisine of Taiwan, China, Japan, Indonesia and Hawaii. The pods are boiled or steamed and served with salt.  The edamame here are served a bit too chewy for my taste- almost as if they have been steamed for too long.
Shrimp Tempura Mango Coconut Roll.  Shrimp Tempura and coconut jam roll, topped with mango. $9.25.  
 Long Island: spicy crunch white tuna topped with eel and avocado. $13.95.  Protein Roll: spicy tuna, white tuna, crab stick, avocado and apple, wrapped in soy paper. $12.95.
 Shrimp Tempura and coconut jam roll, topped with mango.  Very tasty, sweet, summery roll goes well with a thin slice of ginger to add that extra pop to the finish.
Long Island: spicy crunch white tuna topped with eel and avocado. This excellent specimen was delicious with rich, sweet terryaki sauce balanced by the creaminess of the avocado and the spice of the tuna.
 Protein Roll: spicy tuna, white tuna, crab stick, avocado and apple, wrapped in soy paper.  To be completely honest, I ordered it because of the name.  However, I was glad I did. The orange and red sauces were sweet and creamy and the mixed tuna and crab were a pleasing combination to the palate.
Of course, now a word on the amenities.  No this is not Morimoto, Zama or one of the more posh sushi jaunts in Philadelphia. You basically have to walk through the dish room to get to the bathroom.  Once inside, this looks to me like an all purpose cleaning closet/bathroom.  The toilet was very clean however.
On the flip side however, this was a fraction of the cost of Morimoto.  At $70 for dinner for two including tip, this is quite a steal and I'm surprised that the restaurant wasn't packed considering the quality of the food.
On a closing note, as a BYOB, it really is a cheap option for dining since alcohol can be brought in for the cost of 1-2 cocktails at a fancier restaurant.
All in all, I would definitely return without a doubt.  The food was excellent enough that I would overlook the less than stellar qualities in other areas--namely decor, bathrooms, and service. I only critique service however not because it wasn't fast, but because all of the workers spoke very poor English.
I am hoping after a few more trips here, I can join the ranks of the hundreds of satisfied patrons featured on the wall of the restaurant.Stopped in for dinner last night around 8:30pm. I ordered takeout from here once a few years back, but this was my first time dining in. There's very limited seating at the sushi bar plus one small table- luckily a group was getting ready to leave when we got there and only had to wait a few minutes. 
Service was super quick. I had the Sansom roll and a spicy salmon roll. The spicy salmon was on the smaller side, but the Sansom roll made up for it. It had a lot going on (shrimp tempura topped with tuna, salmon, avocado, eel sauce and spicy sauce) and a little messy to eat, but so good! 
Considering how small the space is, it seems to be more popular for takeout.As an out of towner, I read a bunch of places that sushi is not the best thing to eat here. I tried Vic's because it seemed cool online, was near my hotel, and because sushi is my favorite food so I am not trying for an experience per se.  I thought it was pretty good, and SOOOOO cheap.  I looked at menus online of several places and everywhere is cheaper than sushi is Dallas so maybe that's just how it is here, but so I guess the quality is "less" too. I can say that I didn't have any complaints - I had two rolls and both were good. I brought a little bottle of sake (this byob thing is weird), and then I got something called "tuna dumplings" because everyone around me was ordering them.  They were, I think, "krab" with avacado and maybe crunchy bits wrapped in tuna sheets with a bit of caviar on top.  On some level they are so wrong but they were actually pretty good - I see why they're popular.  Compared to the better places I've been it was nothing special but the price was right and I had a good meal.Good sushi but nothing that blew my mind. The place itself is tinnnnny so either pray  you come at an opportune moment or take it to go! Since I don't live in the city, I don't see myself venturing back here as there are many other sushi options to try. However, I think this is a good neighborhood sushi spot if you live in the area. There is a wide variety of specialty rolls! $10.95 for a more basic 3 roll combo is a decent deal too. My friend ordered some shumai as an appetizer and they came out in a tray that looked like the one I could buy from the frozen section of an asian market...so I'd say just stick to the sushi options.So glad I listened to fellow yelpers and ordered take out from Vic last night. I got the 3 roll special for $10.95 - tried the shrimp tempura, alaska roll, and spicy tuna roll. All were fresh and delicious and they did not skimp on the sushi. Can't wait to try a specialty roll although I will continue to order take out and/or delivery from here...the place is literally the size of a shoe box. I was practically dining with a group of girls while I waited for my order and wanted to gauge my eyes out listening to their conversation. But that's neither here nor there - the sushi is yummy and cheap.Went here for a late lunch. Fast, clean, inexpensive- high quality sushi. There's nothing more to say. Happy eats!This place is out of control, and that's coming from a fairly critical sushi eater.  The restaurant itself is pretty cozy, but it's totally cool because diners get to see the sushi being made behind the bar.
We started out with the three maki roll special (spicy tuna, yellowtail-scallion and Philadelphia) - no complaints there. Then we ordered two special rolls, as we are true gluttons, which were amazing. It was hard to choose because everything on the menu looked really delicious.
The Ocean Brother roll has shrimp tempura and avocado, topped with lump crab meat, wasabi tobiko and eel sauce. Major points for using real crab. The Sansom Roll has shrimp tempura and avocado as well, topped with salmon, tuna, avocado, scallion, spicy mayo and eel sauce. This was also really good.
What I really like about Vic is the freshness of the ingredients, the good combination of flavors, and the fact that the special rolls aren't just enormous slimy messes of sauce and mush. I appreciate that the rolls are made so neatly - each piece is packed together (I absolutely hate it when there is crap falling out of those overstuffed rolls) and fits cleanly into your mouth (biting sushi is a no-no).
Overall an awesome experience and I will return...tomorrow.A month later and I find myself updating my review for this place once again! Anyone who lives in Philly will tell you that Vic sushi is a must-try, and they aren't wrong. A tiny place with only a sushi bar and one table, this place does not seem to have any issue bringing in customers. 
Vic Sushi has one of the best deals of the surrounding sushi spots. The Three Roll Special. Choose any three (regular) rolls for $10.75. My personal favorites are: Spicy Tuna Roll, Shrimp Tempura Roll, and Philly Roll. Also, you MUST order the spicy mayo on the side. I could literally drink it straight. Anyways, the spicy tuna here is bomb.com. If you are a spicy tuna fiend like myself, stop reading this review and go order one. 
Another Vic staple (that I have yet to try!) is the tuna dumpling. 9 times out of 10, when you dine in here you will here the sushi chefs going to town with a mallet. This is the art of tuna dumplings. They literally smash tuna into a dumpling shape and fill it with avocado and other tasty ingredients. 
So why not five stars? Well, Vic has some issues. For starters, they do not serve you water. You have to purchase a water bottle. Secondly, although minor, they do not care much about presentation. If you order steamed shumai, you will watch them stick a box of shumai in the microwave and serve it to you. Not on a plate, but in a takeout sushi tray. Super minor, but a bit odd. In addition, they do not provide dumpling sauce. My shumai has also been cold before because they failed to heat it up for an extra 10 seconds longer. 
And probably the most talked about issue; the size of the sushi rolls. For some odd reason, Vic creates full sized special rolls, but miniature regular rolls. They provide you with 8 pieces per regular roll, but they shrink down the size to fool you. If you order the three roll special, you won't be complaining. You'll be full regardless!
100% worth the trip. See you soon, Vic!Vic used to be good but their time has came and went. I went there this evening and was served spoiled avocado in my tuna dumplings. Do not eat here they use low quality fish and don't care for their customers health. They don't even serve free water. Best casual sushi in Philadelphia is iSushi on broad and lombard st.My boyfriends been raving about this place, he even has his picture on the wall.... finally he took me on Friday.
Great sushi. They have a variety of rolls to choose from I probably took 15 mins just to decide which one I wanted. We shared the 3 regular rolls for $10 as well as a specialty roll from the board. Totally reasonably priced for sushi you know will delicious. Fresh ingredients, love being able to watch the guys make the rolls right in front of you.... 
When I have a craving for sushi I'll definitely be back!I now work near by, so it's not out of my way to go to Vic.
It was okay. That's really it. 
I got the 3 roll special (spicy tuna, spicy salmon, yellowtail) and the rolls were really small and not very spicy at all.
Meh.Went here for a quick dinner to celebrate my boyfriend's birthday. Sushi is his favorite food and Vic didn't disappoint. A large many with much to choose from. A lot of vegetarian options for me and some fish types that can be difficult to find at a fast food style sushi bar (e.g. toro). This place is VERY small, but worth a wait to sit at the bar and watch the chefs make the sushi. Food comes out very quickly. We will come back here, for sure.
Oh, and a quick tip: treat this place as a fast food restaurant when you go. Don't expect 5 star service. Get your own drink from the cooler. Shout over the counter to order. Salads come in plastic bowls. People in previous reviews who've complained about the server not getting you a drink clearly were not in the right mind set. Imagine you are going to the greatest fast food joint and you won't be disappointed. The food (which is what matters most), is outstanding.Vic has become my new favorite sushi place. It's cheap (two rolls for about 7$, three for 10$). It's good (the avocado roll makes me stop and say 'mmmm,' and I've heard similar noises about the fishy ones too). Plus, they're super friendly (we're always treated really well).
It's a very small place, with only five seats at the sushi bar- this does, however, give you a great view of the sushi being made, which is a plus- something about how that chef rolls up the maki is just beautiful! You can dine in, but it's easy to just enjoy the show and go elsewhere, too. Just remember to tip before you go- they deserve it!
And- AND- they're open until 10pm, and deliver, too!
So much love.Just ordered delivery from this place and it was so good! I had the tuna dumplings, which were a little on the messy side when they arrived but I'm overall satisfied with them. I also ordered the fantastic roll. Can you tell I'm obsessed with tuna? I would definitely order from here again.A tiny sushi restaurant with great food and service. Food is ready typically within a few minutes of ordering and is great. Nothing fancy but a quick meal alone or with a very small group.Teensy weensy place, amazing food.
Their edemame from the fridge is a definite skip-over though. I usually go with a friend and we get the 3-roll special (Philly Roll, Cali Roll and something else) for $10. Then we usually get one or two special rolls. I wasn't too keen on their Spider Roll, but their Sansom roll is incredible! I would love to dine in sometime, but we've always gotten it take out. I also got the roll with the mango on it (I forget what it's called) and it was surprisingly very good. 
They have a good mix of traditional rolls, and creative house rolls. It is satisfying no matter what craving you have.By far the best sushi I have had in Philadelphia! It's cheap and affordable, owned by a bunch of sweet, hardworking and welcoming people. This place made me fall in love with sushi and also made me appreciate the skill and the art of making sushi without being pretentious.3 rolls for $10.95ish? Hells yeah! While the selection for the special isn't all that impressive, nor is the portion that big, per roll it's plenty filling for the price. The shop itself is a small quaint shop with basically counter seating only, with an odd table in there. When I stopped in on a Saturday night, it was pretty much at capacity with a few standing. The take out orders seem to be pretty constant, but the service is fast on a Saturday. There were 3 chefs + 1 lady behind the counter taking care of the billing so you order directly at them when you're ready and the sushi will probably be ready in about 5  - 10 minutes.
i believe the spot is byob, but unless you are constantly ordering/eating, they'll rush you out. The seating IS limited, so it's understandable. Not quite the place where they would appreciate you sitting around and taking up room unless you are ordering the full priced rolls.I'll be honest. I think this place is a bit hyped for me. It's still very good for the price though.  You get 3 rolls for $10.95. I ordered the Alaskan, Salmon, and Yellowtail-Scallion. The rolls were okay, nothing special, and it's not on par with high quality Japanese sushi places that I've been to before. However, I would come back just because of the price.With all of the rave reviews for Vic's will mine really make a difference?  Probably not.  But let me just say I agree with almost all of the 4-5 star reviews and can say that this has been, and continues to be, my favorite Rittenhouse sushi bar.  And...that's pretty much what it is, just a bar!  Go here and enjoy.It wasn't busy during lunch and the table was unoccupied so my coworkers and I sat down. We were not helped. There was this old dirty rag smell in the air - definitely not appetizing. We left after 10 minutes of no service and decided on Shake Shack down the street.We got good pleasant service even though we walked in just before closing time! The sushi was fresh, delicious and we managed to order enough to be satisfied @under $25 for 2...now im NOT the expert on sushi but from what I've heard that's a good deal!Two words- delicious sushi! The fish is fresh and there is a lot of fish in the specialty rolls!  Another steal- the party platters!! Lots and lots of fish , simple rolls, but a great bargain.  
Per recommendation of all other yelpers out there- ordered the tuna dumplings which were as great as described..ordered for the rest of the party and hey were  quite happy with that choice.   
Warning- seating inside is very, very limited- single 4 or 5 person table and some bar seating.  Take out is a great option.  Will allow you to drink your wine while you wait for a seat :) 
Delivery/take out is a good option to keep in mind for the futureDefinitely my favorite place for sushi to go in philly. They have an amazing three basic roll for $11 with great options (sweet potato to tempura to seafood)
Not a lot of seating available inside but I've never seen the place packed, I think most people get it to go. They have special rolls that are a little pricier but if you're looking for standard sushi they definitely have the best price.Come in around 3pm in a weekday because it's in top 10 list sushi restaurant in Philly. The sushi is at max standard american sushi with no further selection. The restaurant is more like a indoor sushi vendor with self server drinks. 
One of the thing that set this rating at 2 stars was because while we are eating, one of the sushi staff suddenly reached the wall, driled and removed a very dusty mounted-speaker. His crocs and the dirty clumps of dust fallen down are the last things anyone want in their raw sushi.Wife loved the place when she tried it out with her friend so naturally I had to come by to check it. I like their salmon n sansom roll my fave every time I go there. The wife loves their salmon combo thing. Just wish their space was a bit bigger. If u come on a weekend be ready to wait for seating or be ready to get some take out.Pros:
-Dirt cheap
-Specialty rolls are well designed without any crazy ingredients.
Cons:
-So so so small inside.I recently moved to Philly and have been craving good sushi. I am so glad I found this place!  I am pretty picky about what I like in my roll (shrimp tempura, mango, avocado with crab on top), needless to say I am not very adventurous when it comes to sushi. Although they did not have a roll that contains these exact ingredients they were completely willing to make it for me, and man was it delish!  Almost as good as the place back home where I originally fell in love with this combo. The seating is pretty limited so I wouldn't recommend it for a large party (the entire space has about 10 seats). Also, good miso soup. Can't wait to go back-and perhaps branch out of my sushi comfort zone.Wow, the other reviews weren't kidding when they said this place was small. The sushi bar probably seats like 8-10 people max. I got a seating for two on a Friday night within 5-10 minutes. It's just really claustrophobic. They have a sweet $10 for 3 8 piece rolls deal. In addition, their sashimi is pretty decent quality. The service is really prompt and on-point, just not the most friendly. Will return in the future for the sushi fix.If I could give Vic Sushi 100000 stars I would, their sushi is the best in town and one of the most reasonably priced. Even though the place is tiny the food is outstanding and the service is extremely quick. I would highly recommend this place for any sushi lover :)I AM IN LOVE!!! Every single part of my experience here was wonderful, from the ambiance to the food to the entire establishment. 
Firstly, Vic's is a hole-in-the wall sushi joint with only 8-10 seats. I came here around 2 PM with a friend and brought a bottle of wine. We sat down, hassle-free,  at the (only) table, picked up a menu from the bar, and started searching for what sounded good. Meanwhile, we were sipping our wine and water, slowly working at the entire bottle. 
We ended up picking 3 specialty rolls and an order of tuna dumplings. The tuna dumplings came out quickly, and it was my first time having them but I'd heard so many great things--my expectations were not disappointed. Yes, it's very pricey ($5 per dumpling!), but the delicious combination of tempura flakes, avocado, and tuna wrapping is completely worth it.
Our sushi order came out quickly, set in beautiful formation. I especially liked the spicy combo roll, as it had the most ratio of fish in the roll. The other two (Sansom Roll and Lucky Roll) were also delicious, but I think I was craving pure fish rather than avocado after those tuna dumplings!
Overall, a perfect experience. Bring a date or a friend (just one!), a bottle of wine, and prepared to be transported to Japan.We were in the area to grab lunch and stumbled upon Vic Sushi Bar. This is more of a take out type of place. There are only a few seats available to eat in and you don't have a lot of room, since this place is tiny. We went with the 39 piece party platter. It came with 3 piece tuna, salmon, yellowtail, shrimp, eel nigiri, yellow dragon roll, Alaska roll, and California roll for $32.50. The sushi was standard and good.Cheapest sushi place in center city. Love it! Make sure to come early if you want to eat in, or be prepared to wait.I love Vics...  I really do.  It's one of the few places with decent sushi in Philly - and it's actually at an affordable price.
There's just one thing that turns me off: about 50% of the time, the salmon sashimi (my fave) has tiny little bones in it.  I am not joking.  I always get delivery, so it's not like I can complain about this really.
Vic - please take care of this issue so I can come back more.Having ordered from Vic. For delivery , pick up and sit down , I can say its  one of the best Sushi Restaurants in Philly. Yes! You can definitely get higher quality fish  ,oh supper fresh . Everything is well made and delicious ... Love this place ....Affordable sushi that delivers and is actually palatable? Sign me UP. 
A friend referred me to Vic Sushi because they deliver through Postmates and told me to check out their 3 rolls for $10ish dollars deal. 
I generally don't care for sushi recommendations BUT this friend had spent a semester abroad in Tokyo so his opinion held more weight and I decided to jump the gun and order from Vic's for dinner. 
If you can, I recommend takeout only because food delivery services like Postmates can charge you up to $10+ for delivery and fees. So much for saving money bleh :P
I went with the Spicy Tuna, Shrimp Tempura, and Alaska roll. Now despite taking 40 minutes to get to me or so (that's just how Postmates is and I accept it!), the sushi still tasted... pretty damn good? 
I got three rolls and each roll had 8 pieces so for $10.95, 24 pieces isn't a bad deal whatsoever! Especially when it's still tasty! 
If you're reading this review and deciding on whether to come here or not, DO. Be sure to get the Alaska Roll, you'll thank me later :)This might be the best sushi I've ever had. Vic is very small, but they are awesome at making sure everyone is accommodated and taken are of.
Really great place, highly recommend!If you're looking for cheap and decent sushi in Center City, Vic should definitely be on your radar.
Here are some highlights:
- the three roll special is so unbelievably cheap. The rolls, however, are slightly smaller than what you would pay for at a higher end sushi place. Again, it's almost criminally cheap and there are a good number of rolls that are part of this mix-and-match special. I would highly recommend this for starters.
- the tuna dumplings seem to be the hottest item on the menu here, according to Yelp. the dish entails two large bun-shaped/sized "dumplings" that are made of tuna. The filling is something similar to avocado with some crunch. If you're not a fan of tuna and/or creamy avocado, I would pass.
- there's only like ten seats in this entire place, so it's not the most appropriate space for groups of 5 or more. I went around 8pm on a random weekday and the wait was around 30 minutes for two.
- very, very casual atmosphere.
- if you want cold water, you have to buy their bottled water. they do, however, have a hot water dispenser (for tea) and you can ask for lukewarm water.
- the seaweed salad is delicious and it's only $3.Really good food and the prices are cheap for the quality of the food. My only complaint is it's too small inside however that's also part of its charm. I always do take out if ordering from here because it's so hard to get a seat. Love their sushi!It was our first time to try Vic Sushi.  We got 6 different rolls and were very disappointed.  The rice was just way too wet...it made all rolls tasted so weird.  We rather go to the Whole Foods Market to get Genji Sushi Bar's sushi box.One of the best sushi in Philly. It's BYOB, very small place. I mainly order delivery, but it's nice to sit there too. I've ordered from VIC at least ten times and was never disappointed. The food is always super fresh and delicious. They're very accepting of special requests and substitutes. Great service and high quality delicious food at a very very reasonable price.
Highly recommended!If you are unsure how you feel about Vic Sushi, order the Naruto roll, and then make your verdict. Salmon, yellowtail, and tuna (no rice!) wrapped in cucumber. Super refreshing on a hot summer day. If you don't like it you might accidentally be eating something else.5 stars for great sushi in the city! Our go to sushi takeout (because the shop is very small). BYOB and very cozy atmosphere (if you don't mind siting on top of each other) A lot of tasty specialty roll combos and fish is always fresh. Call in and pickup orders within 20 mins. Delivery is a bit longer when they are busy anywhere from 20-45 mins. 
Order: Our favorites...Tuna dumplings (filled with an avocado mixture), Samson roll, Tiger roll, Naruto roll, Spicy tuna roll, 3 sushi maki rolls for $10.95 (can't beat that deal). Their fish is always fresh and rolls are not overloaded with rice, its the perfect combo of protein to starch. They are the firsts one in the city that introduced tuna dumplings (a must!), which is bigeye tuna pounded thin wrapped around mashed avocado, spicy mayo, tempura and imitation crab mixture and topped with green tobiko. You really can't go wrong with any of the sushi roll selections.
Service: The cashier and sushi chef (owners) are very friendly. Orders are taken very quickly on the phone and wait times given are pretty accurate. When they are not busy, delivery is usually 20 min to west part of the city.     
Overall: Best sushi in the city! We will be craving their sushi if we ever move out of the city.Ordered carry out of some simple rolls (alaska, yellowtail, spicy tuna). Everything was good, very reasonably priced, friendly staff. Limited seating inside at the sushi bar (maybe 8-10 chairs?).Love this place! They have great sushi for the price! They take your order, and you get your food pretty quickly! 
Very casual, so if you ever feel like you're craving for sushi, this is the place to go! Quick lunch break or whatever, this would be the place for the amazing price. 
I have been here a few times, and ordered a few rolls, and they all taste great! You can't go wrong with appetizers too!
My reason for four stars, is that the place is small. There's a bar, that fits maybe 10 people? And about 2 tables. And like I said, very casual, so service is like you're at a Deli ordering a sandwich. Except, obviously, you sit there and eat, and the employees clean up after you. 
But I still love this place! Must try it!This place is adorable. 
Very small, but great decor and atmosphere.
It only seats about 15 (that may be a generous estimate), but it's fun to sit at the counter and see your meal made.
BYOB.
Great rolls and lots of fun fancy rolls to choose from.
Food comes out fast.
Decent prices.
LOVE IT.Definitely the best sushi in Philadelphia.
I love how fresh and tasty their ingredients are.  Also, the staff is extremely nice and friendly - it's really great to have a conversation with them while you are waiting for your sushi to be made.
My personal favorite is the Sansom roll and tuna dumplings, but absolutely everything on the menu is delicious.
The only thing that I would recommend is to order a take out, as they often don't have any seats available (this place is so tiny!).Two words, tuna dumplings. My husband made me a "bento box" (look at the picture) and we had a wonderful time enjoying it in the the comfort of our own home. The Sansom roll is also exquisite. They are quick, have fresh food, too small of a place (but I have kids, so take-out is what I do well...), and all around great, It's a little pricey, but that is what you should expect when you find a fresh, tasty, and creative sushi place. Enjoy!As far as sushi places go in Philly, this one is probably the smallest in terms of seating. But, don't let that fool you. The ingredients are fresh, and they come out quickly. 
My girlfriend and I came here for lunch on a Tuesday. We were fortunate that two people walked out as we walked in because we had two seats at the far end of their 8-seat sushi bar.  Outside of that there is only one table in the place.  
We ordered the 3 roll special (for $10.95) and got an extra roll since we were extra hungry. They were: spicy salmon, yellowtail tuna, Japanese sweet potato, and unagi (eel).  All of them were very good. I liked the grilled/smoky flavor of the eel and sweet potato rolls.  The fish rolls were very fresh and packed plenty of flavor.  My only complaint here is that the rolls are a little on the small side.  You get 8 pieces per roll, but could have been a bit bigger. 
I like this place. My favorite is still Sumo sushi, but if I were around the area and wanted sushi that I know is fresh, you can find me at Vic's.Came over here after the better part of a morning at the Apple store and looking at the Yelp offerings for Sushi.  The rest of the sushi places seemed to be packed and this one was still half full, so I went in.  One sees the quality of a sushi bar when you're the only customer who speaks English.  Didn't regret it.  
Having missed breakfast, I was ravenously hungry.  I started with their Gyoza, not greasy, just wonderful.  The Tuna Roll that came after that was the rage, and I accompanied that with another plate of Maguro sashimi.  Some of the very best fresh food ever.
Off-the-beaten-path from the Rittenhouse area, a quiet and serene street, a nice respite from the traffic and the constant noise.  Superb time!!!!Five star sushi. Stop in and say hi to sushi chef/owner Jim and dine on my favorite sushi treat of ALL time: mouth watering Ahi Dumplings, (flattened ahi sashimi wrapped around a perfectly smooth mix of avocado filling.)  4seats at sushi bar! Some treats may be microwaved,fresh  sushi/salads, etc here, are definitely their specialty. I minus a star for the microwaving and super small venue. The quality of food and warm friendly service make Vic the regular afternoon spot for a quick lunch.Vic falls into the "Whole Meal for Under $15" category, and the whole restaurant is the size of a shoe box, but don't let that stop you. 
Their sushi is phenomenal. If you're going for your run of the mill maki (california roll, eel roll, avocado roll, etc) you can indulge in the two or three roll special. Where else can you get a whole bunch of sushi for $7 or $9, respectively? They also offer a 39 piece "party tray" for $30 that I've been itching to order.
Their special rolls are pretty exciting as well, I recommend you splurge at least once on one of these!
Overall, Vic is becoming a favorite cheap date. I often call in takeout and eat in the park (their proximity to Rittenhouse is ridiculously convenient) or take advantage of their delivery service--Yes, it's true. They DELIVER!Got the 3 roll special, pepper salmon, nigiri and seaweed salad. All this food for just $40. What a great deal! The food was fresh and good. Will definitely be back.We were looking for somewhere to go to grab a quick few rolls before we met up with friends one Friday night. After hearing about Vic from friends, and reading the reviews on Yelp, we decided to give it a go. 
The interior is small and not well decorated, but the sushi chefs and servers were very welcoming. We sat at the sushi bar and quickly were served complimentary tea. We ordered a variety of rolls, which the chefs got to work on, quickly making them from scratch. 
Whatever you do, order the fabulous (fantastic? I can't remember) roll. I don't really remember what else we had, but it was delicious. Mind blown. 
The prices are good, especially for the area, and it's the sort of place that you feel good about when you give them your business. I would highly recommend this place.My absolute favorite sushi place in Philly!! (So far).
I've come several times, mostly for take out, but I just love the vibe here! It's very small, with most of the seating at the sushi bar (place sits a total of maybe 10 people). The coziness of it reminds me of the sushi places at Tsukiji market in Tokyo (oh fond memories of waiting in line for 2 hours from 5am to get the most delicious sushi!!). They have a wide variety of nigris, but also plenty of American style rolls (topped with mango, crazy sauces, made with soy wrapper.. You know, the usual)
There are a few items on the menu I absolutely recommend:
Tuna dumplings: expensive, yes, but worth trying once. It's 2 for $10. The dumpling looks more like a bun, and the wrapper is made of tuna! Took a while for me to figure it out (actually not until my first bite!), a little slow there, I know... The filling is this guacamole like mixture w/ some crunchy tempura flakes, so delicious!! Try not to think about the fact that each bite is costing you prob $2, just savor it..
Yellow dragon roll: I love mangos! And this dragon roll is topped with mangos! Instead of the avocado / salmon combo on regular dragon rolls
Birthday roll: I forgot what's in it, but it was delicious! Must have had my favorite sushi ingredients: salmon and avocado for me to pick it. This one was wrapped in soy, fancy! Slightly pricey when you compare it to the 3 roll special.
And of course, the 3 roll special! $10.95 for a choice of 3 rolls! Great deal!It seems that every time i've tried to visit this place, its been a sunday and they are closed! Finally we found ourselves with a sushi craving in the vacinity of 21st and Samson on a Friday and headed straight here.  As has been previously mentioned, the place is quite small, with the number of seats in the waiting area outnumbering the amount of seats at the sushi bar.  (not necessary a bad thing if the bulk of their business is take-out)  It was early friday evening and not particularly busy so we got a seat immediately.  Despite the minimal decor, the overall atmosphere is comfortable, intimate, and inviting.  I enjoyed being able to watch the sushi chefs do their thing as all the fish was right there in front of us.  The entire 3 person staff was very friendly and attentive- the sushi chefs taking the time to ask us how we liked our food.  
On to the food- It was great!  We started off with a generous portion of miso soup and a plate consisting of two of the special rolls- the volcano roll (with spicy tuna and avocado), the lover roll (with eel, salmon, spicy tuna and avocado), and an order of tuna and salmon sashimi.  The presentation was original and both rolls were excellent- fresh fish & avocado, tasty sauces, and the rolls were just the right size.  The tuna sashimi was melt-in-your-mouth and the salmon sashimi was some of the best I've had in a while! 
The price was decent- total $20 per person for dinner.  I'm curious to go back and try their three rolls for $10 special for lunch one of these days.  Regardless, I'm sure I'll be back!
This is how a family sushi business should be run!Yum!
This is a tiny little spot but I love it. The 3 roll deal is unbelievable. Because it was a busy night, we took our rolls to go and ate them at Rittenhouse Square.
I had the sweet potato tempura roll, which was crispy and delicious, white tuna, and yellowtail & scallion. The fish was super fresh and delicious and the rolls were generously sized without being overly padded with rice.I ate nigiri only. All cuts were delicious but below average size. Straight nigiri wasn't worth the price. Looks like they specialize more with rolls so go with that..Vic Sushi Bar was pretty good for the price.  All seven or eight sushi bar seats and their small table (for four) were full when we arrived, so we waited about ten minutes for a couple of the seats to clear out.  We ordered the 39-piece sushi platter, which came with three pieces each of tuna, yellow tail, eel, shrimp, and salmon nigiri, plus a yellow dragon roll, Alaska roll, and California roll (eight pieces per roll), all for about $32.  The three sushi chefs were pumping out the sushi fast!  We had our platter in less than ten minutes, and because we were hungry, finished our meal in another ten.  
As far as the taste, the fish looked and tasted pretty fresh, and the pieces were decent sized.  The fish was stacked up in the glass display case along the bar, so I could see how fresh the fish looked (and no fishy smell).  The rice was a little on the bland side, but it was fine.
There was a constant stream of people picking up carry-out orders and we were in and out of there quickly, but there were other folks who were enjoying a more leisurely meal.  The staff certainly didn't rush us...they were friendly and happy to accommodate.  Nice place.I had hard time understand why this place has four stars. Since I usually trust Yelp reviews so I picked this place without doubt. But it turned out to be a HUGE disappointment. Regardless the poor service there, the sushi itself earn 2 stars already. I am a big sushi person and I understand what makes good sushi or not. First of all, the rice should be between stick rice and normal rice. This restaurant's sushi rice is a bit too sticky which made the shape of sushi so weird...no appetite to begin with for me ;( Secondly, considering the portion they gave us, the sushi there is way too over-priced. Although on the menu it is said each roll contains 8 pieces, we got 2 rolls which contains 4 pieces. What the heck!! In the end, we spent 40 bucks to have only 5 rolls...I calculated price per piece is about 2 bucks!! Feel so ripped off to be honest. The taste of their sushi is so so...not standing out at all for me to pay extra vs. if I go Crazy Sushi (16th and chestnut) I get both good sushi, great price and awesome service!
In the end I even did not want to give tips to them since there is no service plus bad sushi... But I still did for the curtosy. But I defi will not recommend this place to others... Check out a place called Crazy Sushi! I find that restaurant more reliable.If you're after cheap Chinese sushi half a notch above the rolls available in the refrigerated case at the grocery store, Vic'll do ya fine.The tuna dumplings are amazing all tuna filled with fresh avocado! Get them every time! The rest of the food here is delicious and fresh. More of a take out place then eat in.Went here with some friends a couple of weeks ago and it was pretty great.  Like others have said, the place is teeny-tiny.  There were 5 in my group and 2 at the counter and the place was pretty much full.  I ordered two regular maki rolls and everyone else opted for the special rolls or the 3-roll special.  I thought 3 rolls would be too much and I wouldn't be able to finish, so I didn't order it.  But 2 rolls does not fill anyone up and it was a rip-off compared to just getting the 3 rolls!  Definitely go for the 3 roll special if you're here...you won't be disappointed.  The rolls were pretty good (i didn't have any sushi or sashimi) and it was nice to see a sushi place that didn't put mayo on EVERYTHING (i'm looking at you--To-Kai in NE Phila).  I would go back for sure if I'm in the area but wouldn't come into Center City from the NE specifically for this place.The only thing that sucks about this place is that it's tiny and the last time I went it was super packed.  Then there was also a guy talking about his cadaver lab but that's not pertinent here.  The sushi is delicious and not that expensive.  There is a 3-roll special for $11 - it's a good deal.  They take credit cards, but not Discover.Great, little (emphasis on the little, har har) sushi bar. The Romantic Roll (soft shelled crab mixed with spicy sauce, topped with kani salad, masago and scallions) is amazing! Presentation, speed and freshness are all top notch. They handle the sushi bar and the massive amount of takeout orders well.
Great place to go with a friend or two. A friend or TWO. I don't understand people showing up in groups of 5-6, when the place on seats 6 people max. Larger groups will have more fun if they get stuff to go and enjoy it at home (or get it delivered). 
Three roll special is a deal and two people can enjoy that plus a couple special rolls for a very cheap sushi outing. Yes, I wish they had more seating, but I won't plan on going here without expecting a wait or an alternate plan to get my sushi to go.Probably the best sushi I've ever had in Philly!!! The place is tiny, so you may have to come early. If you are in a hurry you can also order to-go. You may find it a little bit pricy but it worth it! Definitely coming back someday!This is probably my favorite 3 roll lunch special in the city. The rolls are always delicious and well sized for the price. If you're looking for a good add in give the tuna dumplings a try. They won't disappoint.FYI: Hit up their 3 roll special for decent sushi at a reasonable price (~$11-12)! They also have a card minimum of $15.
Oh Vic...supplying sushi for all my cravings since 2013. Never change.
WHAT I GOT: Spicy tuna roll, Alaska roll, and yellow-tail roll with scallions
PROS: Let's be real, when it comes to sushi, it's hard to get quality raw fish at a decent price. At least, one that doesn't make your wallet cry at the end of dinner. Vic Sushi is a GOD SENT. For the price you pay, the rolls taste pretty good and the fish doesn't give you any bad side effects. Anything else besides the 3 rolls special is your typical sushi price but to be honest, unless you're craving something that's not offered as a part of the special, don't even bother looking any further. They also offer free green tea with your meal, which is pretty nice during the winter time.
CONS: The place is TINY. Legit, it's not kidding when it says it's a "bar" since 80% of the place is taken up by that one bar and one table right in front of the door. There's barely enough room to walk. Most people get take-out or delivery but there's not really any waiting room either. People waiting to dine in usually sit on the window seat and grab the chairs from the next people to leave. I recommend going at off peak hours or just have them deliver. The rolls for the 3 roll special are also on the smaller end but don't be fooled, for 8 pieces per roll, it's still pretty filling.Crowded, small, inexpensive, good.
So I was here on a saturday evening and we got their sushi special. it was quite tasty. 
My dining partner pointed out to me that the staff was in fact chinese not japanese. 
Would go here again.The place is cheap. The sushi and sashimi are very fresh and are a good size. 1 star taken off for the size of their rolls though...I think texas is twice as big or maybe even three times which means less fish in the rolls at Vic's. That's probably why u get 3 rolls for 10 bucks!Don't be fooled by the size of the restaurant. It's tiny (probably couldn't seat more than 12 people). But, according to my friends who took me, this little hole in the wall has become increasingly popular and I can understand why. The quality of the sushi is on par with some of the more popular sushi joints around the city and all for a reasonable price. This cozy little place has a certain charm and character to it that's going to keep me coming back. 
PS try the tuna dumplings!The Best sushi in Philly!
The fish is always melt in your mouth fresh
I love the princess roll
White fish roll on their specials
And the tuna dumplings
The food and service is always better when the head sushi chef is working 
Definitely go here!After trying various sushi restaurants around RIttenhouse Square (Moshi Moshi, Mizu), I was so happy to stumble upon Vic's (thanks to fellow Yelpers!) 
Since it is so small -- like only 8-10 stool around the sushi bar, we were concerned we would have to wait a long time to sit, but we got lucky on a Saturday night (I think it still being summer helped) and we got two chairs right away at the far end of the bar.
The quality of the sushi was excellent and they had a lot of fun selections -- especially with fruit which I personally like. 
I tried the Sansom roll at the suggestion of a few of the older Yelp reviews and thought is was delish. I was a little surprised how heavy it was on the sauces though so next time I will probably go for something a little lighter. I think there were 8 pieces in the roll too so it was pretty filling.
I also tried the Summer Roll with mango, salmon - and thought that it was very good too.
As we were wrapping up, we watched the sushi chef make the tuna dumplings appetizers and I'm totally getting them next time. They looked really good and fun alternative to a normal doughy dumpling. In this one, a mixture (it looked like avocado and chopped tuna, but I couldn't really tell) was wrapped together by a thin piece of tuna. Looking forward to next time I can get there to try that out!
Only negatives:
- it was hot in there... seats closer to the front seemed cooler since it was closer to their A/C
I definitely recommend Vic's!!I dream about their tuna dumplings on a daily basis. I'm almost officially a Vic Sushi Bar tuna dumpling addict just looking for my next fix of tuna. I really do love the ambiance of Vic's sushi bar, even tho there is none. There are only about 10 seats in the entire place, one table for four and a sushi bar. You order directly from your sushi chef which gives it a little something extra. Great menu of special rolls and an awesome special of three rolls for $10.95. That's not just a lunch special that is ALL the time! 
I just hope to one day get my picture on the wall like all the other regular tuna dumpling eaters!So maybe I'm bringing my NYC health code standards to Philly, but I was a bit grossed out watching them behind the counter. One guy was mixing the salmon and sauce to make spicy salmon. He scooped it using his hand (which had a glove) but his other hand didn't have a glove. Some of the salmon got on his thumb & he just scooped it off his thumb and put it into the bowl. That's... A huge health code violation in NY to take raw food that is SERVED RAW from your bare hand and serve it to customers, regardless of how much you cleaned and scrubbed your hands.
Other than the sanitary concerns, the sansom roll is quite good. I would go back maybe a bit more into the future after I get over the sanitary problems.Small (9 seats) at the bar. BYOB. Fresh fish but size is small. Quite busy.
Had dinner with famiy. 39 pieces - 5 type/3 piece nigiri & 3 type rolls/8 piece for $32. 3 type roll/choose from 15 for $11. Miso soup was bland.Vic is my favorite spot locally to grab sushi. It's usually really fresh and if you eat in they give you edamame. Staff is friendly.
My favorites are their specialty rolls. The Lisa roll, green dragon roll, and black dragon rolls are the best. A little pricey but they do also have specials and lots of other options.
Now I want some sushi...Excellent sushi for a great price! The place is tiny, and looks exactly like a bar, but with sushi (duh). Really, it's a surprise that the food is so fresh, and it's so cheap! I'm glad I have found an alternative to Fat Salmon, my usual go-to. The three roll for $10.95 is really worth it!MY FAVORITE SUSHI PLACE IN PHILLY!!! I've been to Morimoto, Izumi, even Fat Salmon, but Vic still remains my go to. While it may not have all the glamorous choices that the other places do, the quality and cheap food, homey environment and friendly service continue to bring me back. Plus its BYO, so not a bad date place either ;)))
Specialty Rolls - have tried many of them, even the $20 Princess Roll. Fish is nothing too fancy but is solid and solid technique. With most of them $10-12 they are reasonably priced so  try whatever seems good.
Tuna dumplings (10/5) - Always get the Tuna dumplings!!! So good. Raw tuna, flattened out and stuffed with a tempura, spicy mayo and avocado filling. At first it sounds intimidating but I believe this is the best thing on their menu. With 2 for $10 a little price but I think its worth it.
3 Roll Special (5/5) - Their bread and butter. Solid sushi. Good Quantity, Great Price. And they do delivery and to go (Hint - get some Vic's sushi and go picnic on the Schuykill River. Pair it with a nice Prosecco and ur night is set)
Overall: Amazing, quality, cheap sushi. If you havent come yet better come here. And come early because the shop is really small and they dont take reservations (only like 10 seats)
PICS INCOMING!!
Note: It is not associated with Vic sushi located in north PA.
Additionally: The owners and staff are super nice and amazing!!! They're Chinese actually, not Japanese. I've also spoke with the owner, who comes in around closing time and closes shop. I asked him if hes thought about expanding and he said that he has but wont because of the community and the desire to keep quality high. THATS MY KIND OF OWNER!!!One of the better places you will find at this price point, and just might be the best value for top quality ingredients and preparation in Philadelphia.  What is really nice about the place is that, depending on your mood, the menu has something for your appetite.  If you are starving and just want to dominate a ton of sushi, $11 for the 3 roll special is a killer deal which will keep your total bill down, and you can chose from over a dozen basic rolls (which are all pretty good).  If you're not as hungry and just want to try some specialty rolls, they have a nice selection of interesting creations. As for something I always get when I eat sushi: Vic's seaweed salad is phenomenal.  There's something more to it than most places, which I couldn't put my finger on (I noticed a little red pepper flake, and seemed to be a more flavorful oil/sauce).
One thing to watch out for...the seating is extremely limited...so either order take out, or get there before/after peak hours, otherwise you might find yourself drooling while watching others chow through the window.Just went here today for lunch. Had their three roll special and I was very impressed with the taste and the price, only 11 bucks. The staff was nice and they were quick to process my order. An overall good experience!Best sushi bar in Philly and one of the best I've ever visited. The staff and chefs are professional and friendly. BYOB as well so hit the state store around the corner for some sake and you're all set. And please make sure you try the Crazy Roll. Great!yes !!!!!
3 rolls special for $10.95
choose from any of 15 rolls any day any time
That's why i come to this place :D the place is small and cute. Their sushi is great for lunch/dinner :D grab their combo of sushi and sashimi. Their special is great :D don't forget to get one of their Dragon sushi :D 
Red dragon is roll covered with tuna.
Green dragon is roll covered with avocado.
etcSushi has new meaning for me.  I split the 39 piece platter with a friend.  It didn't melt in my mouth so much as evaporate into a dewy cloud of velvety umami. So, so good.  First time I ever had sushi with brown rice-it added a new dimension.  
The liquor store at 1913 Chestnut St makes BYO convenient.  After we ordered our food, we decided that we wanted wine.  My friend had just enough time to get to the liquor store and bring us a tasty Chilean Sauvignon blanc, arriving just as our food was being served-perfect timing and speedy delivery on both ends.  
The service was cheerful and efficient because there was nowhere for our server to go.  Be cautioned, the place is tiny- 8 seats- and not good for groups.  
I am especially pleased that Vic is 2 blocks from work and that they serve lunch.  I suspect I will become a regular.Mediocre sushi rolls that fall apart when you pick them up (seriously, their specialty rolls don't hold their shape and the rice is dry). Impersonal service at best with NO service water (?!). Sure some rolls do have good flavors (but nothing to write home about and can be had at any other sushi joint). I seriously don't understand how this place can get 4-5 stars. 3 stars, fine that's stretching it -- but 4-5 stars?? You've got to be kidding me. Unless the rolls are cheap (which they aren't!) there is just no way this place is worth more than 3 stars.
 I've been here 3 times (just to make sure i wasn't mistaken) and it's the same experience every single time. Never coming back.