I've been coming here for years since I was a little girl. I love this place. I have tried several other Vietnamese restaurant but this place is the best. We usually get the clay pot cat fish, spring rolls, grilled beef wrapped in grape leaves, sweet and sour seafood soup, pork chop over broken rice, salt baked chicken and grilled shrimp. I wish they didn't keep raising the prices though.Best crawfish and black bean sauce. The papaya salad is awesome too. Great decor and fast friendly service. Highly recommend.You must order the spring rolls.  They are unparalleled. It has gotten a little pricier over the years, but it has an upscale modern atmosphere.  Also the corn rice pudding is worth a try.their BBQ Platter is a MUST TRY. they keep increasing the price but its definitely worth getting especially as a shared appetizer dish. their pho is small in portion but tasty. Also, their pork chop and broken rice dish is surprisingly good--not oily and fatty but juicy and clean.While the menu isn't overly creative, and there are certainly cheaper options of similar food in the immediate area, this place has a nice intimate atmosphere over which to enjoy a meal and conversation.Best spot in town for quality of food, location, consistency and overall service.
Pho is top notch along with the egg rolls.  I miss this place so much after moving away, that I make it a point to stop by here on long layovers now.
You could argue there's better spots in the "Philly Area" but this is by far the best spot down town, and it's rare to get both good service and good food in the Vietnamese game.The pho was really oily and the portion was small. Also- they only gave 1 type of beef . Usually you will find various types of beef briskets in the soup. The waiters were nice and the restaurant had a nice atmosphereService was good. Food was not. Lacked flavor and  not authentic whatsoever.  We were the only ones in there and as it got busier we noticed not 1 asian person walked in.  It was disappointing.Food very generic. My bowl of noodles was very sad with canned vegetables. Service bad. Our server didn't even apologize for forgetting my drink.This is a favorite restaurant of my husband's as well as some close friends of ours who are on a first name basis with Benny (the owner).  We always enjoy going and ordering all sorts of different things that we can pass around and share.  I love all the variety, and try to have something new every time.  
Enjoy the Vietnamese beer (Okay so that I've tried the same of more than once!), we always share the BBQ Platter and our eyes are always bigger than our stomachs as we share a Pho soup and both still order a main course each!  Makes for good leftovers!  : )
Be prepared to be there for awhile, but that is part of what I really enjoy about it.  It's quality time with friends rather than a rushed meal.  Everything always tastes extremely fresh, and I'd recommend trying it out if you've never been before.My favorite place!!!! Delicious food and great service. I just can't get enough of it!Large, clean Chinatown haunt with food that everyone can enjoy. From picky eaters to adventurous ones; vegetarians to carnivores, Vietnam satisfies every palate. Meateaters shouldn't miss the BBQ platter (which is more than enough to feed 3) and then wash that down with a steaming bowl of pho. 
You've also gotta love their flaming punchbowls filled with liquor to the brim. My vote goes to this Vietnam over the across the street neighbor...especially if you're on a date.fast service, clean, tasty, and authentic. It's always a good experience visiting Vietnam! My favorite joint in Philly!I have all sorts of fond memories of Vietnam. Dining or takeout this place delivers. I love my all time fav broken rice with chicken, but pretty much anything I ever tried here was good. Look it's not authentic vietnamese but if you're like me and want it a bit Americanized this is your place. The cocktails are HARDCORE and served up in all sorts of fun glasses. Price for food and drinks is reasonable too. The ambience is so charming. It's in a converted brownstone with 2 main levels and the restrooms are between floors - very cute. The service was always at least ok but never spectacular - probably the one thing they could work on. I loved this place so much I took my parents here the one time they visited me in Philly during a torrential downpour- and they're from L.A., home of the most eclectic and delicious Asian food (well maybe second to the bay area). 
Vietnam, if I ever get back to Philly, prepare yourself for some of my serious lovin.Good Pho!!! The apps are fantastic (shrimp roll, fried pork spring roll, grilled meatballs)  I suffered from a case of ordering too much food and thinking that I was going to be able eat it!  For entrees I ordered beef and lemon grass which was great had a Thai flare to it, beef noodles great beef flavor and the pork and shrimp wonton pho. Haven't eaten that one yet. Food came out fast and the best part is it didn't kill my wallet. I did get it to take home so the freshness was compromised but I knew that was going to be the case. Parking was tricky !!Pretty good food with a nice quiet atmosphere. Beef Soup to share is fun and yummy! Also ordered the Lime Chicken, which is sort of similar to General Tso's chicken with a hint of lime/tang! Sweet and Sour Shrimp was yummy. The pineapple hunks were clearly canned, but the dish wasn't bad overall. The shrimp were actually super delicious.Went there for lunch. I loved the decor, above the average environment restaurants in Chinatown, it's nice and clean. We ordered the crispy spring roll, it was delicious, a little bit too salty though. Both my friend and I ordered the noodle soup. I'm a big Pho fan, but the pho here didn't meet my expectation, less of flavor. On the other hand, maybe it also means they didn't put MSG in the food, not like other Chinese restaurants. The price is reasonable and the service is friendly. Will go back to try some rice dishes.Not impressed , at all . My ATF place is  across street at Vietnam place, but as this was business lunch .
So the selection isn't same neither is the food . 
I absolutely love charbroiled squid with lemon grass , and I was hoping to have it again as its a Vietnamese dish and I was wrong , what I got was thin slices of squid with no taste . 
The beef wrapped in grape leaf was average , and my spring rolls were over fried and dry . 
I guess bc I've tasted the best , 
 this was less than impressive .
Not bad , but if you have chance go cross the street . 
Try the green tea ice cream (it's to die for ! )I have been pleased with anything I have ordered here. My go to in any Vietnamese restaurant is always the vermicelli noddle bowl. Theirs certainly didn't disappoint. My favorite is the pork and I always tack on a spring roll. I've also tried the chicken basil which was very good. I'd recommend it to anybody looking for decent Vietnamese food or looking to branch out their Asian cuisine obsession.Staff very nice, we split the BBQ platter and a veggie for two---everything was good...sauces were good too.  Next time...I want to do a noodle soup!It had been a few years since my last visit to Vietnam, but it was among my top picks for Christmas Day lunch. And since Sang Kee was packed and taking cash only, it quickly went from #2 to the #1 choice. I'm glad.
We got there at the perfect time, snagged the table for two at the front window, and started to thaw out with tea and hot sake. There were so many enticing options on the menu, we definitely ordered more than we could handle. Not a problem at all; the leftovers made a perfect Boxing Day lunch.
The Tom Lan Bot shrimp (6) were plump, perfectly battered and fried, not heavy at all, just crispy and tasty. The Goi Cuon shrimp &pork rolls (2), not fried, were a nice light counterpoint. 
As for entrees, the Heo Kho To (claypot pork) was among the best I've had, on par with my old favorite Vietnamese sit-down in San Francisco, the one with the line out the door at lunch and dinner times. The sauce and spice hit just the right note of heat. It even edged out my entree, the Ga Rang Muoi Tieu (salt/pepper chicken), for top honors. I enjoyed the chicken -- which also reheated well -- and its spicy kick, but I thought it came with a sauce. Fortunately, it was cooked so well, it was moist and flavorful, and not nearly as dry as its deceiving looks. 
All that said, the biggest surprise was the bok choy side dish. I've often seen bok choy cooked down to withered, limp spinach-like consistency. Not this time. The huge stalks were steamed with garlic and coated with garlic sauce, but retained the snap of celery and a burst of flavor with each bite. We agreed that it was the best bok choy either of us have had.
After finishing off the tea and sake, we dragged our sated selves back out into the cold, leftovers in hand, and savored the full but not heavy or overloaded feeling. It reminded me of my past visits. And it got me thinking about all of the other menu options I still need to explore on future visits.There's a minimum you have to order to eat here. No problem. The food was average. No problem. At least give me freaking hot bowl of pho or a bigger bowl dammit; the broth was bland. The spring roll could use a lot of work. My first impression wasn't great, and I don't intend to come back. Back across the street...(I was nice enough to leave 3 stars --- punk)This place is nice, pretty snug.  I've had my share of pho before and I've never seen anything as skimpy on the size of the dish, that's not to say its bad.  The spring rolls were excellent.  Service was mediocre, its kind of like the factory atmosphere I've seen from other peoples reviews.  I'd give it 4 stars if the soup was bigger and the service friendlier.  I'll definitely be back and hope it's a little better next time.Vermicelli with crispy spring rolls was pretty bland. Noodle soup with wontons was ok. Nothing special.The grilled pork rolls appetizer (no. 4) is insanely good as are the spring rolls.  The grilled pork over vermicelli is downright bewitching.  I stopped myself from licking the bowl.  Not so crazy about the beef satee but that speaks more of my preferences rather the objective "goodness" of this particular dish.  Comfortable place, slightly more upscale than other dining options in the area.  Not expensive, immaculately clean and plenty of food.Being from New York, I'm tired of Vietnamese restaurants that can't make the cut, so I was pleasantly surprised that: one, this restaurant offers authentic dishes, and two, my favorite snack food is on the menu (it rarely makes an appearance in more Americanized restaurants).  Maybe it was wrong of me to have high expectations for this restaurant, but it didn't disappoint -- far from it.
We started with thit nuong cuon.  I've only had this appetizer either in the comfort of my own home or California, and this one reminded exactly of the ones in California, and it was dee-licious, sweetly char-grilled meat wrapped in the most refreshing of vegetables and vermicelli.
Now my favorite: banh cuon.  The best way to describe the dish is a rice noodle ravioli or crepe filled with peppered minced pork and wood ear mushroom.  It is then topped off with cha (pork roll), fried shallots, and spicy fish sauce.  Since it is my favorite, I'm a bit more critical...and it suited my tastebuds wonderfully.  I actually recall being incredibly giddy.
For the main course, the Boyfriend and I split ga chanh, which although drenched in a savory sauce, was crisp and tender and juicy.
I truly enjoyed everything about this restaurant.  The food is indeed authentic and delicious.  The wait staff were all Vietnamese and courteous (which made it fairly easy and less awkward to order since it feels strange to Americanize my Vietnamese more than it already is).  Even the decor resembled a Vietnamese stilt house.I never write reviews but I had to tonight. I love Vietnamese food and wanted to take my visiting family to a fancier place than I would usually go (some joint on Wash Ave). 
Each dish was worse than the previous and the service was insulting terrible. We had to clear the table because they kept piling thing on top of each other without taking away the empties. 
Yuck, don't do it.We have been going to Vietnam Restaurant for at least 9 years and it never disappoints! The food is consistently great. I can't speak for the service lately since we have done exclusively take-out the past few years.
My husband's favorite meal is the house special vermicelli - the portion is huge and there is plenty in it (I think it's pork, spring rolls, Vietnamese meatballs). My absolute favorite is either the house special crispy egg noodle or the crispy egg noodle with tofu. The spring roll appetizer is also delicious!!
Their pho is good too though it is tough if you get take-out since the noodles come in a container and end up stuck together. If you get it I would recommend a giant bowl to mix it all together. But even still it's pretty good! (Note: I am by no means a pho expert, just going by what I think tastes good)
Definitely worth eating here or doing take-out!Went here with the wife and kid. Food was great!  Loved the spingrolls because the used a different kind of wrap than most other Viet places. The service was great too!  Will definitely be back soon and more often....You are screwed if you don't know what you're doing here. The menu is goes like this: noodles with beef, noodles with chicken, rice with shrimp, rice with chicken... you get the idea. 
Fortunately, the menu also says "ask for help ordering!" So I did. The waiter said, "Um, whatchu like?" I said beef, and he pointed to about every beef dish. Uh oh.
So I waited until my date picked something and then I said "Oh that was what I was going to get!" She's too nice so she said okay and picked something else. Now, she's not Asian, but damn she picked right on, as I hoped. I thanked her by adding to this page a picture of her drinking a volcano bowl.
The food is good, a great place to go if you're headed to the Trocadero.
What to order? Start with a volcano bowl, skip the appetizers, and get #45 with a side of hot sauce. It's like a noodle dish with apps on top.
Good food, quick service.Food was super tasty, would definitely say its worth stopping in. Could have been a little better with recommendations though -- took my mom who was pretty unfamiliar with Vietnamese food and the waiter just seemed in a rush and simply wrote the first thing he heard when she was asking about the dishes.Delicious authentic Vietnamese food. I was looking for a place to have a good meal while traveling on business in Philly and came across Vietnam. Basic decor, friendly staff, good service, nice portions and delicious.I've been here, as well as to its across-the-street-rival Vietnam Palace countless times, and to be honest I don't think I could differentiate between the two in a blind taste test. If I had to pick one, this one would win on the basis of atmosphere alone.
I've tried literally dozens of their dishes and I don't think I've ever had a single thing that wasn't tasty. There are a couple dishes, however, which I can always rely on, such as the charbroiled pork and vermacelli (classic) and the salt and pepper shrimp (unreal).
Let me tell me tell you about these shrimp. Actually, forget that, just order them next time you go.When my fiance told me we were going to dinner at Vietnam for a friend's birthday, I actually asked him what kind of food he thought they served. He was like, umm, Vietnamese food. Well, I thought maybe they had some sort of avant garde or ironic name and they were actually a hot dog place or something. You never know!
Anyway, this is my new favorite restaurant. We've been here twice now and it's ruined me for all other food. The beef with broken rice is like a drug. It's actually sort of gross how fast I consume it. The pork clay pot inspires similarly crude behavior. But the food is just so good!
We've also tried the Vietnamese ravioli, chicken with broken rice, and chicken clay pot. None of them disappointed, although none stood out as much as the two mentioned above.
But! For dessert! You can get corn pudding! And it tastes like the actual DEFINITION of 'delicious.' Seriously, you must try it.
Drinks are tasty, fun, and humorously-named. Service has been spotty. But the food! Oh yeah.I thought I wrote a review for this, But This is My Go-to for Vietmanese food,always consistently good &  nice portions!! Been going here for years, even before they remodeled!!The owners have another location on Baltimore pike & catered my friends bridal shower & of course exceptional food !!!  
The pho , the summer rolls, & rice dishes are the BEST. Dont forget grape leave appetizer!!!
Yumm!!!
Return Factor: Totally!!This place is pretty good.  I've been here two times.  First time I got the cubed steak (bo luc lac), a classic viet dish that was actually disappointing wrt my standards.  The second time I got the broken rice with shredded pork, pretty tasty.  I've never been to the one across the street so I can't compare them.  Overall it's a solid vietnamese place.  Maybe next time I'll try canh chua & ca co.I'm only giving 3 stars because service was okay and pho was okay. There was two of us and a child so we ended up ordering three meals and one appetizer. My girlfriend and I shared the volcano drink which was straight up sugar we couldn't even finish it. Horrible. Then I got summer rolls and pho for my app and meal which were okay nothing crazy. My girlfriend got the egg roll vermicelli which was extremely bland. We ordered vegetable fried rice for our child and it tasted like nothing. Absolutely flavorless. 
The reviews on this place are great so I figured the experience with the food would be more than decent. The food literally had no taste.Classic, authentic Vietnamese and Chinese food. A friend and I visited on a Saturday night and walked right in. They do not take reservations, but I doubt you would have to wait long if there ever was a wait. We ordered wine, chicken fried rice, and shrimp lo mein between the two of us and it was plenty. We went home with leftovers and ate them the next day. The food came out quick and the service was decent. Would definitely come back!My favorite Vietnamese restaurant of philly !!!!!! I love the pork vermicelli and the spicy beef pho !!!!! Strongly recommended. It is affordable and the decoration is nice. The service is good and there is not line. You can park outside in the street or in the parking slot next to it for free !!!! Great placeHad the chef special duck soup and pho tai.   Ordered the large and it came out looking like a small when compared to other places.  Head was pounding after.  Too much msg!This one sits at the edge of Chinatown in downtown Philly. It was a winter day and great time for Pho. The place has nice decor and the service was attentive. Food was pretty good but on the high end for pricing. Overall I would come again for their pho.Usually we got to nearby Xe Lua but on a recent trip to Philly Xe Lua was closed so we tried out Vietnam. Aside from being quite a bit pricier than Xe Lua (granted it's a prettier spot) we weren't that impressed with the food. Spring rolls were good but the iced coffee was not great and the beef carpaccio wasn't good at all. Got takeout but service/atmosphere seemed pleasant.I decided to try this place because my regular Pho spot Pho Xe Lua is closed on Wednesdays. 
It is much nicer looking but that's about it. The prices are approximately double, and the "large" bowl of Pho is about the same size as a small bowl at every Pho place I've been to all over the country and didn't even fill me up. 
Pho lovers, don't bother.
Too bad I did not read Stephen B.'s review as he summed up my sentiments exactly.  I guess you were there on a Wednesday too!Yummy food, fast and friendly service, and were very accommodating of our large group. I visited with a group of people while we were attending a convention nearby, and we left happy and full.a great traditional family owned and orientated for two generations restaurant. 
friendly owners and servers, fair price, some dishes are amazing, especially the BBQ sampler! they are featured on travel channels, different magazines, almost everyone loves this place!I came here last night craving a hot soup to soothe my sore throat. 
Pros:
-Pho was delicious 
-fast seating
-fast service 
-fair prices 
-authentic taste
Cons:
-asked for ice cream without peanuts and they put it on anyway. I asked them to take them out because I am allergic and they scooped it out rather than giving me a new one. As a result I just gave it to my friend and he enjoyed itThe steamed bok choi was perfectly done and crispy and the portions were substantial. Lots of menu items to pick from to suit anyone's tastes.
They could benefit from setting up a few cheaper options as the menu was devoid of lunch specials. The main course pricing is on par with any higher-end restaurant in Chinatown. Bar Saigon on the top floor looks like it'd be a nice, quiet happy hour spot with it's lounge-feel.Food was delicious and service was excellent.  We were just one of three tables we had the beef pho, beef with lemon grass and broken rice and shrimp curry.  All three were delicious.  Also had the grape leave rolls and meatballs for an appetizer.  Would definitely go back excellent food and service.It is safe to bet that we would eat Vietnamese at less once a week. Overall, the ambience and decor of the restaurant is nice, particularly compared to typical Asian restaurants in Chinatown. However, the food was too salty, and not good enough to make us come back any time soon.  And let's face it, you don't eat Vietnamese food for decor or ambiance... 
The ambiance. Perhaps an old row home? It's very clean, and has dark wood interior that is inviting. No wait on a Friday night dinner time, but enough patrons dining to have a pleasant noise level. 
The order: 
Bun w chicken. We have had this dish at almost every Vietnamese restaurant we have been to... The bowl was too small to adequately combine the noodles, veggies and chicken so that you can have taste of all different ingredients in one bite.... The chicken also lacked the grill flavor that we have come to expect. There was no herbs or anything special to make this simple dish shine. 
Bo Lu Loc ... The beef cubes were way to salty... and it's not a compliment when I say that I prefer the cubes of beef from chipotle over this. Also, would have preferred water cress or some other vegetable over iceberg lettuce, tomatoes, and soggy cucumbers...Best. Cha Gio (pork and shrimp fried spring rolls). Ever.  Also the Che Dau - a must have at the end of your meal.  Love x3 this place.Vietnam is, arguably, my favorite restaurant in the city. 
I came here for my birthday before I moved (it was over this birthday meal that it was officially decided that I would move to Philadelphia) and we have come here every few months since then.
The noodle bowls are great. I prefer the crispy noodle nests with tofu or the vermicelli noodle bowl with tofu. Either way, you can't go wrong. The sauce is mild enough but still flavorful. 
My favorite parts about eating here occur on either end of the main course. The appetizer - crispy veggie spring rolls, SO DELICIOUS. And crispy and the sauce is so good. A little spicy, a little not. And the dessert - the corn or black-eyed pea puddings. The pudding is not your standard pudding. It is warm and milky and sweet. I want to get in that tiny bowl and wiggle around for a while. Maybe take a nap while I'm in there. It is the best. 
Other bonuses: if there's a wait, you can go up to the bar on the third floor and sit and chat, have a drink, and they come to let you know when your table is ready. This is a good date thing. The ambiance is quiet and busy. They give you forks if you're like me and don't want to work while eating and use chopsticks. The food is very, very reasonably priced, as well. 
This place is good for everyone except for babies who only eat McDonalds, soft pretzels, and Chili's.Wow...that pretty much sums it up. 
The service is great, the food comes super fast, and the dishes taste so fresh yet are full of flavor. I've only been here once but I can confidently say this is the best Vietnamese food I've ever had. I ordered the vermicelli pork bowl and it was heaping with meat and fresh vegetables. The fish sauce that comes with the dish is a great addition but if you ask for the peanut sauce it's a real flavor enhancer as well. 
Everything was delicious, but what really blew me away was the crispy pork spring rolls. My god, they will you give you a full throttle foodgasm! They add crunch and texture to the vermicelli bowl, and they might be the best thing on the menu. 
I was completely satiated after dinner, but not too full. I left feeling happy and warm inside.Love vietnam but orderd Pho tonight and the whole house smells like bad chicken.  NOT fresh at all.  Such a bummer because we love eating there.  DO NOT order Pho there.  Otherwise, great food.What a delicious find in Chinatown! Went here with an old friend to catch up over a few drinks.  After perusing the drink menu, we decided to be efficient and ordered the Volcano drink for two.  It was your typical rum-juice drink served in a huge porcelain cup with a small divet in the middle (the volcano) filled with Bacarda 151 that was on fire. It was a great start to a fantastic meal.  While the drink was large, I don't think it was that strong. 
After perusing other Yelp reviews, we decided to order the Vietnamese Ravioli, a combination Vermicelli Dish and the Pork Clay Pot.  The Vietnamese Ravioli certainly gets points for being different, but I can't say that I'd order it again.  It may be better if it was a litter spicier, or maybe the rice-wine-based dipping sauce was spicy.
The Vermicelli dish was excellent.  It came with pork, chicken, a type of ground meat log and a vegetarian spring roll.  All the meats were seasoned exceptionally well.  The ground meat log (sort of like a ground lamb kabob) was a little difficult to eat without a knife, but I persevered.  At the bottom of the bowl was a variety of cucumber and carrot that helped offset the blandness of the noodles.  My friends Pork Clay Pot was very good as well, set in a sweet, spicy sauce.  He finished it all!
Since it was a slow Sunday evening, the service was very quick and attentive. While the food could have been a bit spicier, the presentation and attention to detail made up for it.  I would highly recommend this place to someone who may be unfamiliar with Vietnamese food.  They will definitely want more!Been going to this restaurant when Yelp didn't exist and when it wasn't renovated yet. A favorite go-to Vietnamese cuisine restaurant amongst friends and a karaoke hangout in the 90s. 
Now that I don't live in Philly anymore, now in Cali, I try to come here when I visit family. I always compare the Vietnamese food I try to this place. I consider this place the golden standard for Vietnamese cuisine. 
Highly recommended.My friends were craving for Asian food without too much walk in Philly.  We just found this restaurant via yelp.  The decor for this restaurant is definitely nicer than other Pho restaurants.  However, I was a bit disappointed with the food.  yes its pricey compare with how much I normally paid in LA.  Yes the food does have some MSG feel to it and yes its somewhat greasy but I did get my stomach filled with some food.  We all left happy.  
The taste is kinda blend and unremarkable but I guess for Philly, I have to settle with what they have here.Perhaps Vietnam was too hyped, but I prefer Pho Ha in south Philly.2.5 lunch
Cute interior and charming warm wood. Food came out too quickly---banh xeo could have been fried longer and so could the filling ingredients. More sloppily cut ashen onions spied i than ever I saw some pork or prawns. the only herb given to is was basil. boo. And iceberg leaves?!? really?
Papaya salad bit pedestrian, in my opinion. Did the job. Our chicken lemongrass noodle soup was also 'just alright' getting the theme here?
Cafe sue da was excellent. Big kick, deep roast, strong....but at $3.95/ small cup?!? Again....really?!!!!!!!
Lunch ended up being close to $40 because of the rip-off!!!! drinks. Had I only known and not assumed....There is a reason why Vietnam Restaurant has been on Philadelphia's Top 50 Restaurants for a few years and that is because the food is just killer.  My family and I have been going since 1997 when the restaurant was still a hole in the wall, but as they've changed the interior of the restaurant the food remained the same with it's authentic tastes.  Try the bbq platter, the vermicelli dishes are great as well as the Chicken with basil.  You really can't go wrong with the food here.  I've taken all my close friends to this place and they still continue to go.  The only bad part is trying to find street parking.  Enjoy!I have to say I was pretty disappointed with Vietnam Restaurant. Maybe it was all the anticipation I had of a great meal to be had. The atmosphere is inviting and warm with wood paneled walls (not cheesy or 70s style). The food however left much to be desired for. We probably ordered the wrong things, but something simple such as fresh spring rolls should not be tough and chewy. The pan fried noodles were awful and the basil chicken had little to no flavor (where's the basil). I'm tempted to return and order something else since everyone raves about this restaurant, but there's way too many yummy restaurants in the city to return to one I found mediocre.Crispy spring rolls hits the spot every single time.
This time, I ordered the stewed beef pho, and while it was delicious and I'm thinking of making this my regular go-to dish when I come here, I could have used more soup and a bigger bowl! And I mean bigger bowl literally, not bigger portion-- it was hard mixing everything together. The portion size itself was decent; I didn't finish all the noodles (but I made sure to pick out all the beef cubes, hehe). 
Service was good, at least with the actual people taking our order and bringing it over. For some reason the male servers are always super nice, but the female hostesses are always snobby and act like they have better things to do. When we arrived there, we were seated at the sunniest table in the place. My friend and I had to squint because the 6pm sun was beating down on us through the window. I asked the girl bringing our drinks if we could please close the blinds, and she kind of hesitated and said, "Umm...if it's bothering you THAT much, you could just move tables." Obviously it WAS bothering us that much if we asked if we could lower the blinds!
Towards the end of the meal I was trying to flag someone down for the check. All the girls were standing around, chatting. Finally I was able to flag a (surprise, surprise) male server walking back into the dining area. Does this place hire girls who have beauty but no brains, or more importantly, customer service skills?!
Bottom line: food is great, but don't count on the girls to be polite.I adore fish in claypot with Vietnamese caramel sauce (nuoc mau). The version here is not that good. The sauce was too salty, kind of thin. And it was more expensive than the cheap Vietnamese places I usually go to.So me and the babe are on a new kick of trying all the places I have been talking about for a few years.  We finally made it to Vietnam and it was so worth the wait.  First off, let me say I feel really bad for the place across the street named "Vietnam Palace."  Everyone I have talked to is always like, "Oh yea, Vietnam is awesome...but the one across the street with the "restaurant" title.  They get a bad rap but I am sure the food is just fine at the palace.  Anywho, Vietnam was perfection.  We were seated right away on a Friday night.  We ordered the giant bowl of liquor called the Flaming Volcano.  It was about 6:30 and we got a few glances from the classier people in the joint.  The drink was freaking awesome though and pretty strong (the rest of the night was not one of my finest moments).  
I will say that the veggie spring rolls were the best in the city (if anyone has a different opinion please let me know)  We pretty much inhaled the rolls because they were so crispy and filled with delish veggies.  We also shared two entrees, the spicy, crunchy and beautiful salt and pepper shrimp.  The other entree was a noodle dish with shrimp and chicken which was also fresh and flavorful.  Everyone else in the place was slurping on the Pho which looked divine but it was 85 degrees out and I was not in the mood to sweat like a man.  All in all, the place is fantastic and I cannot wait to go back and try everything.  I might even try the Palace just because I feel bad..  Enjoy!First things first: anyone who thinks the competition across the street even compares to Vietnam Restaurant gets the gas face.
With that said, this place is, to use an already overused/corny/strained sports analogy, the Stockton to my Malone. It has fed me some great meals over the years and is frighteningly consistent considering its longevity. I recommend the chicken basil and anything involving either spring rolls or pork chops. The meats have a fresh, smoky flavor to them, the broken rice is perfectly cooked, the portions are forgiving, and the bok choy is one of the best spice sponges I've come across at any restaurant. I haven't tried the pho yet - that's the only reason why I'm withholding a star for the time being.
To wit: Last time I went here, I noticed a copy of "Myth of the Welfare Queen" that was chilling above the bar as part of the decor. Even if the food here wasn't awesome, that's worth three stars all by itself. As far as reviews go, it's that kind of attention to detail that keeps my praise high and my sarcasm low.Not a ton of vegetarian options, but the soup hit the spot on a cold new year's day.Came here on a bit of lark Friday night after getting out of sorts at Art After 5 at the Museum. We were on our way back across town to Old City and got a hankering for something delicious. Vietnam's glowing neon sign (visible peripherally as you head East on Vine or Race) flickered in my memory and the impulse bit hard. I was insistent that we go and we sat down to a rewarding meal of spring rolls, chow fun and lemon chicken. 
Pros
-Really excellent Vietnamese food. We only sampled 3 items (and missed the much-cited BBQ platter) but were uniformly blown away by the quality and quantity.
-Price - big bang for your bucks.
-Atmosphere - not divey in the least - considering the China Town location this is refreshing.
-Good beers - Singha and a Vietnamese Lager called '33' did the trick in countering the good greasy of the Vietnamese cuisine. 
Cons (Apologies)
-We were in full-on party mode while the place was sporting some serious date-night vibes on Friday. Not a con per se, but a caveat. We were a little loud and silly and may have spoiled the romance for a few people. Though one couple engaged us with the confession that after wrapping up their meal at Vietnam, the perfect Friday concluded with an in-home viewing of 'Fringe' on DVD. Hot!Very nice lunch spot! Prompt service, affordable and tasty food.  (The spring rolls are amazing!)  Will definitely be back, can't wait to try other things on the menu.I lived in Vietnam for about 1.5 years and this place is delicious. I got the pho bo kho (beef stew) and would go back just for that. So good!Enjoyed a really good dinner here on Friday for a friend's birthday. We had a huge group - around 12 people - and the service was great! Many of us had the famous flaming volcano drink, which is tasty, but very sweet. The spring rolls were delicious. Crispy and crunchy, which good filling and a sweet chili sauce to dip them in. I had the house special noodle bowl - with chicken, pork, spring roll, and "meat stick" over vermicelli noodles. It's deceptively big and very filling. All of us had a great, relaxed time eating here.I have been coming to Vietnam for years prior to the renovation.  Growing up on Vietnamese cooking, this was a great place to pop in for me to grab some comfort food. Over the years, although the food is still good, I feel the robust flavors of my childhood have been watered down for the 'western' palate and I've had to request additional condiments to spice my dishes.This is by far one of the pricier Viet eateries around town, which by the Philly restaurant scene is still very cheap.
The staff's friendly, and I always exchange warm conversation since they recognize me through my many visits. The servers tend to dart around the dining room, making service very quick and efficient, but the intimacy next to none. The new reno boasts wall to wall wood has become a nightmare for holding any kind of conversation, either that or people have blurred the octave of indoor vs. outdoor voice.
All in all, a great place for the introduction to the Vietnamese cuisine, but there are a lot of other places around with better flavors!I am not going to lie- my local Vietnamese place in St. Louis, Missouri is the best Vietnamese that I have ever had in my life.  Granted, I love the noodle soups with veggies and tofu, which is really hard to screw up, but there is just something about my hometown joint that just can't be beat!! Vietnam was definitely a good place though- don't get me wrong, I enjoyed my noodle soups with raw tofu, veggies, and a delicious lemongrass martini...  The restaurant was small and in the middle of china town- Philly.  A little sketchy area filled with the smells of every Asian restaurant mashed together, a familiar smell, but not necessarily one that would make your mouth water.  The service was good and the food was pretty good too- We ordered a few cocktails and a spring roll to start... The spring rolls were really yummy and the dipping sauce was nice and lite. Definitely a good start to a great evening.
I had the tofu noodle soup bowl, which was alright...not impressed, but the tofu was steamed well.  I think that is a plus!! The veggies were loaded into my soup, but there definitely could have been more.  My boyfriend got a noodle bowl and it looked great, they loaded up meatballs ontop and lots of noodles on the bottom. He said it was yummy- he couldn't even finish half of it! Everyone else in my party loved their food and thought it was refreshing not to walk out of the restaurant feeling like we had to roll ourselves to the car.  Thumbs up Vietnam- even though my local hometown spot is a tab better:)Just dined for the Chinese New Year & still a Best of Philly  - Delish!  excellent yellow curry, generous portions and great service.  Previous review remains the same.  Add this to your chinatown must dine list.OK so I visit my brother in Philly maybe max 3 weekends a year, and we ALWAYS go to this restaurant.  we ALWAYS get the same dishes...the bun (rice noodles )with either the mixed meats (for the boys) or grilled chicken (for me).  SOOOO TASTY.  I've eaten this dish countless places, in more authentic restaurants, across Vietnam, orange county in california (the mecca of vietnamese food), at home.  And this by far takes the top spot (sorry mom!).
A little pricey for what you actually get but the place looks so much nicer and cleaner than your average vietnamese restaurant.  The service is good.  Order extra carrot/radish pickles!!This place was so ridiculously good, we ended up there 2 nights in a row!
Must order:
~ Summer rolls: really fresh julienned veggies and shrimp rolled up in a soft rice roll, dip in peanut sauce and DONE!
~ Grilled pork chop broken rice: Love the marinade they have on the chops!  It's sweet and sour all at the same time.  The broken rice is soo addictive, not as heavy as traditional asian sticky rice or even jasmine rice...the plate looks intimidating because it's a huge amount of rice but it's deceiving, you really do want that much rice on a plate for this one.
~ Grilled beef over vermicelli noodles: I think it's the same marinade as the pork above but this is served over very thin rice noodles.  You add teh fish sauce dressing to the entire thing and toss.  It's heaven in a bowl.  Dish comes lukewarm/room temp because that's how it's supposed to be eaten.
~ Crispy spring rolls: Fried made to order, light and piping hot when it get to your table.  Wrapped in some of the red leaf lettuse that it comes bedded on and it's a real treat.
And the service was attentive but not obtrusive!I had pho here last week for lunch and I was not happy with the outcome.  The broth was not very flavorful, and the pieces of pork in it were too old and had an off-taste. The soup was not served hot enough to properly cook the bean sprouts.  I will not get pho here again.  
Cost was around $8.One of my favorite Vietnamese restaurants in Philly. The spring rolls are one of the best I had compared to other Vietnamese restaurants I been to. The service is friendly and the setting is nice. The prices are affordable.  They take reservations for large parties.The food is nice. The starters are better than the main courses, and can fill you up. My personal favorite is the meat balls with the rice paper. 
The service is good. They will let you sit only once the entire group is present.The best thing we three did at Vietnam Restaurant was take the advice of yelpers and order the BBQ platter! When it arrived we were overwhelmed by the bounty: crispy spring rolls, beef stuffed grape leaves, chargrilled chicken, grilled meatballs, rice vermicelli, lettuce and rice paper (to wrap it all up in!) They say it serves two - if you plan on ordering other main dishes, it can easily serve four.
For dinner I ordered the chicken pho (my litmus test for Vietnamese food) and the broth (my favorite part) was a bit like bland dishwater. I also wish it had been served in a larger bowl; delivered as it was the soup was sloshing over the side.
Still, I'd return for the BBQ platter any day of the week!Hands down Philly's best Vietnamese restaurant with decor.  This place reminds me of Saigon Grill in NYC and the prices are very reasonable.  Service is prompt and not so friendly at times.
They can be a little nicer to folks with kids and more accommodating overall.  This place is not good for large groups and it can get packed so plan on waiting in their large waiting area (in comparison to the size of the restaurant).
As for the food.... WOW! The mixed appetizer platter are fantastic and the meatball roll is right on the money.  Grilled pork chops, Bun w/ grilled meat, and Pho are all right on the money.  The pork chops will melt in your mouth with a crisp slightly charred exterior and the nuc Chom? sauce smothered all over hits all the Vietnamese taste buds of sweet, sour, spicy, savory, and all delicious.  
I always manage to get parking right in front of the restaurant which makes me love it that much more.The only reason people like this place is because it's Americanized and blanded down to the point where you can barely recognize the actual Viet flavors. Sure, they have shiny decor and a hip drinks menu--but the food falls flat, as does the service.
Go here if you want to feel like you're being "adventurous" while avoiding any actual gastronomic enlightenment. To be fair, I even tried this place twice: once when it first opened, and again a couple months ago when a friend was determined to convince me that it was now the best Vietnamese in Philly. It's not. Go across the street to Vietnam Palace for that.I agree with the reviewers who said it was a tad bland. I ordered the house special vermicelli and the shrimp rolls. Both could have used more herbs and the vermicelli less meat and more vegetables. Overall it wasn't a bad experience. The Rainbow Ice was rather tasty and the meat was satisfying at times. The food bite from bite was inconsistent and I missed some of the more pungent flavors in the dishes. Not worth the price tag! Much better Vietnamese to be had in this city.Stay away if you are looking for traditional Vietnamese fare. I was really looking forward to trying the restaurant after reading that they served Banh xeo, but it ended up being one disappointment after another. Every dish we ordered looked like they were made in a rush and tasted extremely bland. We had to dip everything in the nuoc cham (that accompanied every dish) to make them palatable.
If you are considering ordering the following menu items, I would advise you to reconsider: 
Banh Xeo with shrimp
Char-grilled pork rolls
Stuff grape leaves with beef
Chicken Papaya salad
Saigon noodles
Crispy tofuGreat Vietnamese food, with excellent service! Equal to if not better than similar options in New York City.
 The traditional dishes are made well and quite flavorful.A local hotel front desk clerk pointed me here for a late night bite. Win!
I had the BBQ Pork vermicelli with a crispy spring roll. While not a generous bowl it was great. Actually barbequey.Their food is delicious and the value is good. Wait staff was courteous and helpful. Atmosphere is nice and the restaurant is clean. Enjoyed my meal.A friend recommended it to us during a brief stay in philly. 
It was great! Food was tasty and service was good. Atmosphere was good. It is close so try to get a seat by the windows.
We would definitely recommend.I vote Vietnam Restaurant for the best crispy veggie spring rolls!  No other vietnamese place has the same crispy texture.  They tend to be flakey rather than this sizzly, bubbly, crunchy texture.  I love the cold vermicelli dishes and the bok choy is wonderful.  The catfish claypot was somewhat salty, but very tasty.  
Vietnam Restaurant has a very calm, quiet feel.  Dark wood with minimal decorations give it a clean, sleek look.  So far, it remains to be my favorite vietnamese place in Philly.Best Vietnamese I ever had. If you are looking to eat traditional Vietnamese, look no further. 
I had ordered 2 appetizers, the stuffed grape leaves and the Vietnamese ravioli. The ravioli is one of my favorite Vietnamese dishes. It is pretty much meat dumplings with steamed rice noodle layer on the outside, and they put this kind of sliced bologna on top and put deep fried onions as garnish. It is so good, I could have 5 plates of it!
Of course I had to order Pho, it is one of my favorite Vietnamese dishes besides the ravioli. It is smaller than the average bowl of Pho but it did the job. My party of 3 ordered 2 appetizers, 2 bowls of Pho and 3 main dishes. It was a perfect amount when shared. I'd say their Pho is the equivalent of two bowls of soup in an American Restaurant. I don't think eating just Pho would of been enough but for 1 person but ordering Pho and a dish or an appetizer would of been perfect. We asked for small side bowls to share Pho. It was so good and I added the beef balls to it. Best beef balls by far I ever had. They were actually tender. Usually they are very chewy but not here.
As main dishes we ordered noodles similar to Pad Thai with shrimp and chicken, we ordered shrimp bun and we also ordered a seafood in a claypot. The noodles were pretty good, although a little bland, I guess I am just used to Pad Thai which is heavily seasoned. The Bun was really great. I could not get over the taste of the shrimp. They were char grilled in coal and it was the most perfect flavor. The clay pot had a lot of really good seafood in it, and it was stewed with a cabage like broth, very different but delicious. 
We saw a lot of people order the bun and they added spring rolls to them which we didn't think of at the time of ordering and they looked really good so we had our waiter add them to the dish which was only a $2.00 up charge with the bun. The spring rolls again were the best I ever had and I have eaten at quite a few Vietnamese places.
Overall:
Best Vietnamese I ever ate and I have been to at least 6 places. If you are looking for traditional Vietnamese come here. A suggested meal would be to order the stuffed grape leaves or ravioli  as appitizer, Pho soup (shared if you want to taste few things) and Bun as a main dish and don't forget to add the spring rolls. They really were my favorite thing on the menu, and they are to die for. I would suggest this place to anyone. There method of service is really fast because your waiter sits at the computer and sends orders and a line of people just bring out your food. Really good service, good food and not too pricey.This review is strictly for the Pho. There's no dac biet / xe lua, the portions are small, and the cuts aren't correct. The only saving grace  about it was the broth which was decent and not oily. Between myself and the four others that that I was dining with the noodles varied from not enough to overfilling from the bowl (but we all got larges). 
I would've gave a 3 star rating, but the service was awful. I'm used to to fast paced hustle and bustle of Asian restaurants so that is not what I'm referring to. We were the only ones in the restaurant and they messed up our orders and completely forgot about our appetizers.
Final Verdict: MehI had a great dining experience here.  The service was very attentive - water constantly refilled, the waiter kept a close eye but didn't hover, and friendly.
I ordered the chicken noodle bowl with a crispy egg roll and it was delicious.  Crunchy cabbage texture, noodles cooked just to my liking, chicken was grilled and just a bit smoky, other flavors were bright and well balanced.  I also ordered the lemongrass martini and liked it.  The prices were very reasonable and the whole thing including tip cost me under $30. 
I also liked the ambiance of the restaurant with flattering lighting and warm colors although the tables are a little tight.  I went early so it wasn't very crowded and it was a good meal near the convention center.Love this restaurant, but I just had a bad experience trying to book a private party with them. This business needs to find someone else to run their private party booking!Had the chicken basil dish.  The bok choice was awesome.  My wife had the squid vermicelli and that was even better.  Everything was grilled and delicious.  Highly recommend...One of my favorite places to eat.  The house special noodle bowl knows no competition when I'm there and I always come back to it.  If you want a little more space or easier parking you can always visit their West Philadelphia location.Delicious and affordable! Services are prompted, the beef stew noodle soup was really good!I must have had some sort of magnetic attraction to Vietnam Palace until the other night, because I'd been there four or five times before even thinking to try the Vietnamese restaurant across the street, aptly named Vietnam Restaurant. Well, I'm glad I decided to be adventurous, because Vietnam Restaurant truly impressed me.
My boyfriend, friend, and I walked in around 9 p.m. last Saturday after checking out the Greek festival, which left us unimpressed and in search of delicious fare. The hostess informed us that there would be a fifteen-minute wait, but that we could check out the lounge upstairs while we waited. Bar Saigon is a few floors above the restaurant, which itself is two floors. The atmosphere was beautiful and romantic. The main room (there was also an adjoining room, which I didn't really check out) was dimly lit with candles and sconces and had a big-screen TV mounted on the wall, showing what may have been the strangest kung fu movie I've ever seen. The waitress was attentive and let us know when our table downstairs was ready. They've got a nice little operation going here! My Cosmo was delicious, as was my friend's chocolate martini (heavenly, really). 
When our table was ready, the hostess came upstairs to get us. We were seated in the second-floor dining room. I wasn't too impressed with the atmosphere, but what Vietnam Restaurant lacked in ambiance it made up for with lightning-quick service and beautifully presented, delicious food. I ordered the steamed tofu rolls to start (yum!) and the Singapore Noodles, which had chicken, shrimp, lots of veggies, wide egg noodles, and a savory, mouthwatering brown sauce, for my entree. It wasn't as spicy as I'd have liked, but they offered sriracha to make up for the lack of heat. My companions were all pleased with their dishes as well. We were even pleased when we got the check, which ran us about $17 per person for appetizers and entrees. Even though I just moved to Vietnamese heaven (South Philly), I will still consider making the trek to Chinatown to eat here again in the near future.My boyfriend and I randomly decided to try out Vietnam Restaurant, and we loved it! The food was filling and the service was great. I will definitely come back.Always great ! Spring rolls are literally the best thing you can eat. The Ban Xoe crepe I love. Salt and pepper chicken is yummy. Any tofu dish will make you very happy. It's just gotten so expensive. Come on Benny you used to be a bargain!The right place in Philly for our Vietnamese food craving. Excellent "tender greens" and Goi Cuon--pork chop was tender and delicious--not as happy with the beef stuffed grape leaves. Avoid green papaya salad. Tasty cosmopolitan....I have been going to Vietnam long long before the renovations and expansions, linoleum floor, plastic chairs.... and the BEST damn food. I'm talking so good I'm at home writing this and I'm Pavlov's dog here (ding!) Sooooo so very good. Recommended: bun bo nuea (spelling is wrong but its a soup, get it with the pigs foot. Trust me.) Any broken rice pork chop combo. Spring rolls. Pennywort drink is sublime. Mmmmm. Benny Lai is a great guy, great service there and now its very classy decor. I miss Benny's brother, liked going there even for take out he was extremely nice and made u feel at home. He has his own place now I think. Go to Vietnam its THE best.Generally not a fan of Vietnamese food, and this place hasn't been able to change my opinion. It's clean and nicely decorated, so definitely more upscale then usual hole-in-wall places in Chinatown.I am Vietnamese and I live in Westminster, CA (aka Little Saigon). I can say with fair certainty that I know Vietnamese cooking. That being said, I didn't expect much from such a clean restaurant where half the employees don't know Vietnamese and all the customers are Caucasian. 
We ordered:
- goi du du bo kho: What the heck? Smelled like BBQ/Chinese herbs? They totally used the wrong rao thom. ): AND NO PEANUTS?! Peanuts are essential to the taste of this dish!! It's a topping but it's like a burger without cheese or ketchup, or pizza without the crust. I was really disappointed cause I love goi du du. And the kho bo was too sweet and strong. And they had cai chua on the side. so many things wrong. o_o
- bo tai chanh: Pretty good. Came with 2 slices of lemon. I used up at least 5 more slices on top of that. :P Peanutsss thank goodness. But needs more rau thom and there were no onions, which usually accompany this dish. And why is there cai chua?! They just love to add that cai chua everywhere.
- cha gio: Good. Crunchy. 
- gio cuon: Too much bun. o_o Like entirely bun and not much else. And no hanh. And their peanut butter/hoisin sauce was lacking. MORE PEANUTS PLEASE.  
- com tam thit nuong: I didn't even try this. But my aunt and uncle seemed to be okay with it. 
- mi xao don thap cam: Okay. The fried noodle basket didn't seem that fresh, but it wasn't completely off the shelf at the store either. The stir fry thap cam was okay. They all kinda taste the same to me. 
All in all, it's not authentic. It doesn't have the aroma of Vietnamese cooking, of the fish sauces and all the herbs and spices melding in a steamy simmering broth. Peanuts were severely lacking. I stress that because it's a main ingredient in many dishes and sauces. This place is alright if you want a mild version of Vietnamese food and are looking to skip the smell (both the stinky and good) of authentic Vietnamese.I love Chinatown because of great food spots like this!!! When I was interning on 12th street I asked my boss one day where I should order Chinese food from.  I said give me your favorite spot.  He told me his favorite spot doesn't deliver and that it's the only spot he goes to in Chinatown.  So we walked across the street to Vietnam to sit and eat.  It wasn't busy at the time but don't be fooled, around lunch this place is swarming with people!
Menu Must haves: You HAVE to try the salt and pepper chicken! It's amazing!  That is by far my favorite dish here! The vermicelli is good too!The reason I give two stars is only because the restaurant is clean. it is definitely not stroller friendly since there are many steps before you can enter the restaurant. The food is really mediocre. It is very americanized. Nothing authentic at all. Even food in a strip mall in bay area has better pho than this restaurant. very disappointed. will not visit again.Even though this isn't a Pho restaurant, they have the best pho I've had in Philadelphia, which is saying a lot because Philly has so many great Pho places.  Absolutely love this restaurant and everything I've ever ordered was amazing.THE BEST vietnamese restaurant in town.  100 people below me will tell you how fantastic it is, they are all correct.
Vegetarian spring roll vermicelli - my god. Just make sure you don't get the sauce that comes with it - it has a fish base.  I always ask for a side of hoison - and they are happy to oblige.It's a testament to how good this place is that while in Australia (much closer to Vietnam, much more Vietnamese food available than Philadelphia) I was still daydreaming about this restaurant and comparing meals I had to their offerings. 
Food - Generous portions, perfect flavors, delicious sauces. Everything is deceptively simple, but it's the best of what it is. Best crispy spring rolls, best fish sauce (even if they don't make it, probably?), best meat ball rolls, best best bok choy, best broken rice platters, yes, EVEN the best pho. Although their prices have crept up over the years, I still think it's a bargain, and I wouldn't rather go anywhere else. Their drinks are really good too: best vietnamese iced coffee (have I bested myself out of believability yet?), and the fruit mixtures are interesting and worth trying - jack fruit is sweet like pineapple, and their limeade is a unique alternative to lemonade or soda. 
Service - Perfect. The staff are friendly, accommodating, and prompt. There's no frills to this place, but the decor is welcoming and tasteful, and the interior is clean and surprisingly large: there's an upstairs which they open on weekends or when traffic swells the downstairs to capacity. 
My only complaint is that they close for a week at the end of summer for their own vacation (who can blame them?). But I always end up driving down and hoping to eat on that week...somehow this has serendipitously happened over each of the last three years. I cry and die a bit inside, but it's just an affirmation of my love for Vietnam.We were really hungry and not familiar with the area at all, so I just looked up nearest eateries. This one came up with 4 stars, so we just went for it. What a mistake -I usually read lower grade reviews before committing.
This is the worst Vietnamese restaurant I've been to. For is bland - chicken overlooked, meat tasteless.
Service was OK though, and decor is nice. So go there if you don' care about the taste. Not me.I came here with a group of people. They all shared an appetizer which included a variety of meat. Being pescetarian, I was excluded from this. I ordered the seafood lemon grass soup. I didn't really like it. The soup didn't have much substance, and there were canned mushrooms in it, not fresh.
I think I will have to come back and order something else, because the place seems to be reviewed so well.Vietnam is not very good.  I was surprised at how awesome the ratings are because this place did not live up to it at all.
The crispy spring rolls and chicken with vermicelli are talked about a lot on here so I got them. Big let down.  The spring rolls were unremarkable and the chicken was AWFUL. None of my friends liked their dishes either.
On top of that, the service was as bad as everyone says it is.I had the beef vermicelli noodle bowl - the noodles and veggies were fresh and prepared well.  I would have liked a little more beef and to have it be a bit more tender, but overall was pleased.  It was a simple, but pleasing dish - next time I'll try something fancier!  I also got pineapple smoothie for dessert - great flavor and not too sweet, despite the condensed milk ingredient.Really good, often crowded, 3 levels of great food that really out among the other Chinatown clutter. Good prices on food and drinks, hit or miss service (is the only reason they're not sitting on a 5 star spot)LOVE LOVE LOVE eating here.  
There's a great special that has a sampling of lots of different things and is about $25, so it is perfect to share with 1 other person.
The lemongrass broken rice dish is great. The pho and other soups are always a good bet.  The West Philly location is wonderful too.I've been coming here for my birthday dinner with the family for years. There are 7 of us so we've tried many items on the menu and have never been disappointed.  My favorites are the crispy spring roll w/pork (cha gio) and the pho tai w/beef. The pho is the perfect meal for a cold night in the city. Add some sriracha and you're good to go!quick review... :D
prb one of my favorite vietnamese restaurants in CC (for PHOs (beef noodle soup) go to washington ave like...nam phuong (11th and washington) corner of the shopping center order beef cubes if pho's not ur thing)
since its humble beginnings VR have stayed true to their customers by keeping the menu consistent over the years... 
FOOD:
MUST HAVES: 
BBQ platter... feeds a good party of 4... basically it's ur VR version of pu pu platter with rice paper and veggies... (fyi... extra rice paper will cost ya!!) 
Vermicelli with crispy spring rolls (ADD MEAT) vs the other way around... you'll get more spring rolls this way:D... havta say they have THE best crispy spring rolls around... don't know how they do it... but it's prb THE thing that made me a regular at this place... (fyi...comes with sprinkling of peanuts...so for those who are allergic...just ask to omit it) 
why 4stars?? unfortunately prices have gone up over the yrs... i mean for something that used to $4.95 that's now close to $10 think it's a bit excessive... AND also... being that it's a vietnamese restaurant most pho lovers would be left disappointed for their soup base flavor and portion size (esp for those who've eaten in s.philly)...It'd probably give it another star if it wasn't overpriced for a place that's near chinatown with quality of food similar to a hole-in-a-wall, the dishes are $2-$4 more than what they should be. The House Special Vermicelli bowl is huge and delicious, especially the spring roll that come with it. The place itself is very nice and chic (which is why you pay more and wasn't crowded for lunch. I think they should offer lunch specials. I just don't see the food being more special than a hole-in-a-wall
I'd go back if I wanted to go to somewhere fancy for Vietnamese, but not regularly.Great deal and good vegetarian options! I can eat Vietnamese soup again!! Yay!This restaurant is one of my 3 favorite restaurants in the world, people. It is either 2 or 3. I am not exaggerating. It puts every Vietnamese restaurant in NYC to shame. I beg my parents to take me here when I go home for the weekend. When I am blessed enough to stop here, I ALWAYS ALWAYS get an order of pork spring rolls to go. Always. And this is after eating an entire order to myself, and drinking the dipping sauce because it's out of this world. 
Get the pork spring rolls. You will thank me. And get the fresh rolls and either the salt and pepper chicken or the beef pho. That is all.I like Vietnam better than Vietnam Palace.  The food is just better here.  One time I ordered a crazy chinatown cocktail called "Virgin's Downfall" and the waiter in his horribly accented English says to me "After this-Virgin NO MORE" which I'm sure he practised forever and says it all the time, but I don't care.  He's and by extension, Vietnam won.I love this place.  You can taste the fresh ingredients!  The menu selection has something for everyone.  The setting is intimate, informal and cozy.  The staff is fun and friendly.  The pricing is amazingly affordable.  I can't say one bad thing about this place.
I love most all of their dishes.We had a terrific dinner, excellent fresh food and all with excellent interesting flavors. Service was very (maybe too) fast and friendly. Great value although it's not Chinatown-cheap.Shrimp, porkspringroll, wonton soup, and pork vernicille.
You shouldn't need a big long review to come here and try the food.  It's a Philly staple, and it's still the best Vietnamese in the city.  One of those rare gems that doesn't change over time despite raving reviews from every imaginable outlet.  Add to the fact that they get slammed with the convention center traffic, it's a wonder they haven't turned into a has-been.
Start off with the flaming volcano (great for 2, don't attempt to drink it all yourself!), and a few aps before moving on to the noodles and main dishes.
2nd floor bar isn't a bad place to eat lunch or grab something quick for two people when the main restaurant is too crowded.  Skip weekends as it's always too long of a wait.Delicious authentic vietnamese food! Restaurant is very clean and more than I expected for the typical asian restaurant. Will definitely come back here when I"m in philly again.This appetizer: 
14. Bo Tai Chanh
(VIETNAMESE CARPACCIO) Thinly Sliced Raw Flank Steak Marinated in Lime Juice Topped with Vietnamese Herb and Crushed Peanuts
is worth a visit on its own.  Simple, but amazing.  
Overall this is a good place, maybe a little overpriced, for Vietnamese.  I should mention...  not particularly kid-friendly (no high chairs???).  Just because you all have black t-shirts on doesn't mean you're too cool for pre-school.Very disappointing. Out of 4 items for lunch 3 were disappointing and one was only OK. 
The dining area is quite frugally oriented for maximum customer containment.
Crepe, soggy, minimally crisp.
Squid, fishy aftertaste.
Pork in the appetizer wraps, tasted old, leftover.
Grilled pork rice vermicelli bowl was OK but lacked enough cucumber and fresh basil.Everything we tried was delicious! We had Pho, Tofu Vermicelli, Pork Claypot, and more I can't even remember. I would absolutely go there again.I'd be a bigger fan if there wasn't such a wait for the table but, my goodness!!!, starting with the veg spring rolls all but made up for that. A great deal on a not-so-great street in the City of Brotherly Love. It's my fave place in town and remains my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in the NE.Great price, delicious food, good service.  Veggie spring rolls are particularly good.Vietnam is a nicer alternative to the typical Chinatown place. Inside it is pretty large and easily accommodates larger tables. This place was very authentic and their menu was extensive as well. Also, our server was very knowledgeable about the menu and it's items. The menu does a good job of thoroughly explaining items that would be unfamiliar to someone not accustomed to Vietnam cuisine. 
Even though it was about 80% crowded our service was VERY fast which impressed our whole table. I ordered the  Tom Do Tau Xi Crawfish with Black Bean and it was a hefty serving and tasted great. They also have a nice selection of specialty drinks including some with 151 that do the job. I had the Vietnamese beer, 333, which was great.
I will be definitely be returning here in the future.Good service, nice selection of appetizers, food and drinks on the menu. The fresh tofu rolls were excellent. The pho was good but not great. I've been here twice for lunch and dinner and got a table right away. 
Seems to be run with care and efficiency....solid four stars.Yes there are better Vietnamese and Pho restaurants in South Philly, but most of them are hole-in-the-walls.
Vietnamese restaurant is in Chinatown (convenient location) and has a nice ambiance and full bar. The food is still really good - I recommend the house special Vermicelli.Decided to come here after reading previous reviews. The pho here lacked flavor and oddly sized. The large had a lot of noodles but barely any broth and in a more medium sized bowl than large. The egg rolls are randomly cut into pieces instead of coming whole. Comes with a side of iceberg lettuce instead of romaine. The banh xeo was decent but not great. Crispy crepe with mainly bean sprouts and onions. Good amount of shrimp with ground pork. The crepe itself lacked flavor so had to compensate but using a lot of nuoc mam. The cafe phe sua da comes pre made over ice. Not dripping in a French press for you to pour over ice on you're own. Definitely not your moms cooking.Alright Vietnamese food and a solid place to bring someone who may not have much experience with Viet cuisine. The interior is stylish and more inviting than your typical neighborhood Vietnamese restaurant, but the food is about the same level.
My girlfriend and I got chicken pho and banh xeo (savory egg crepe stuffed with beansprouts, shrimp, and pork). My banh xeo hit all the main points: crispy, fresh vegetables, decent size, accompanied with the usual lettuce and fish sauce for dipping. Unfortunately, the pho could've used more natural savoriness and overcompensated with a bunch of salt. Also, the chicken breast pieces could've been a little more tender (that's why I prefer dark meat, it's harder to overcook).
Overall, the restaurant is nice and clean, although somewhat hit and miss, which really shows in an area with so many Vietnamese joints.In search for some good Asia cuisine in China town we came across various location. Based on the amount of reviews and star rating we decide to give this location a try. The staff was fast and attentive. We were sat right away. We came right before the lunch rush and our food came out extremely quick. 
I ordered the meatball rolls which are not fried and a little healthier than traditional fried spring roll. Topped with the special sauce these rolls were so delicious. You get two per order. We then ordered the noodle bowl and a Pad Thai. 
The noodles were like a traditional bowl of pho. Very filling and delicious. My chicken pad Thai was amazing. Mixed in were crispy cubes of tofu and I enjoyed this very much. Of course I cleaned my plate and at one point, while eating, my friend asked me to slow down. I just couldn't get enough of it. I will most definitely be back for another round. 
"My review is strictly my opinion based on my experience and interaction with the business and/or persons while they provided me a service, food, or merchandise. This review is not to be translated as fact. My review is truthful to the best of my ability and is not intended to present harm to the business but to encourage them to perform better. I have not received any monetary gain for writing this review" - Bruno FA little pricey for Vietnamese food (especially if you're looking for a huge bowl of pho), but so yummy! I'm definitely willing to pay more for the super flavorful dishes here. 
Their crispy fried spring rolls will have you craving them after you come here. I've only tried the pho once, and it was good, but it is a few dollars more than cheap Viet places in Chinatown or on Washington Ave. 
I most recently had the crispy duck with a spicy pineapple sauce, and that was delish! The duck was juicy, and the sauce was perfectly sweet and spicy.I have yet to find a more unstuffed but satisfied kind of full than the one I get from a delicious bowl of chicken vermacelli here. But I am still trying to find a good appetizer and dessert to accompany it. Any ideas? I'm not into the spring rolls. But the entrees are killer - just be sure to get there at an off time or you'll be relegated to the across-the-street and slightly less good Vietnam Palace.We had to wait a bit as we arrived during a busy dinner hour, but we were seated relatively quickly on the second floor which has very limited air circulation. 
I was ravenous when I arrived at the restaurant. I expected the food to blow me away simply based on how hungry I was. After much debating, the menu has a very wide selection and everything sounds delicious, I ordered a small Lemongrass Chicken Noodle Soup. 
I order it before at other restaurants, but they weren't spicy, so I was a bit surprised when I received a red, peppery soup. The noodle did not taste fresh, it is different from the noodles I usually get, this one here looks like thing egg noodles, and I know I order a small, but there was very little noodle. You might think that I was hungry and it just seemed less, but I was on a date and ate relatively dainty mouthfuls, but even then I was finished with the noodle in about 10 spoonfuls. The chicken was plentiful, but dry and tasteless. The soup was okay, the spiciness was nonexistent.  
My date order a large bowl, which according to the menu is meant to be shared, but it looked like a normal, single portion bowl to me. And he finished before me, not sure if that is indicative of anything. 
Although, the food was a bit disappointing, the service is impeccable. My glass of water was constantly refilled. The decor is pleasant and the restaurant clean. I would not suggest to come here, but if others do, I would not reject the option and am willing to give it another shot some time down the road.This is by far my favorite Vietnamese restaurant, with the exception of one I used to go to in Charlotte, NC.
I usually start with the Goi Cuon/Shrimp & Pork Roll as it is the closest thing to Summer Rolls here. Then I must have a Vermicelli Noodle Bowl. Choose any protein, as they are all good, fresh, and filling. The cocktails here are also delicious, but my favorite is their French Martini. I've tried so many times to recreate this one, with no luck. 
I brought a girlfriend here that used to be married a Vietnamese guy and she exclaimed that everything was very authentic. We had a couple of cocktails and appetizers and just laughed.
The waiters are efficient, attentive, but not pushy. The ambiance is always clean and cheerful.
On a weeknight, there is usually no wait for a table, but come Saturday night, you may have a bit of a wait. Still, as the food is quite reasonable in price, authentic, and super fresh, it is definitely worth it!They have a stocked bar for cocktails, which is not  common in vietnamese restaurants (most of us are lightweights). They've been mentioned in several magazines, which is apparent at the entrance, but probably just for being the one of two vietnamese restaurants in philly with the other one being directly across the street. Other than that, the've got nice napkins...?
The service was average, and the vegetarian eggrolls were way below average. Veggie in this case means "no meat," and doesn't mean "vegetables." Go figure! It was a fried not yet golden brown roll, with vermicelli, a mushroom or two and pepper...everywhere. It was so peppery I couldn't taste much else. It was stronger than sriracha. The fish sauce was sugary, without a kick.  We have a term in Vietnamese, pronounced "Zuhh-Ehhhggccck!" That's what I told my mom about it. 
.Dirty! This place was filthy like all Asian restaurants are. It needs a good cleaning, my feet stuck to the ground! The Pho is what they think Americans want. No tripe or all the good stuff tradition places use. Oh and want a cocktail? Lol, there ALL $10. Yes, even a simple mixed drink. The place is a joke. Not to mention the owners kids are running laps around the place. Not fun or relaxing.IF you like bland, gloppy Vietnamese food aimed at suburbanites then this is the place for you.Went here with a large group. The food was cheap and fine, but the drinks were a bit too sweet. The atmosphere was pretty standard for Chinatown.Good, but literally double the cost of any Vietnamese restaurant in South Philly. There are items on the menu (see: squid vermicelli bowl) that I have not seen elsewhere, so keep that in mind before you overlook the place. Otherwise, it is clean and nice, although I'm fairly certain that their food quality is on par with anything at eleventh and Washington. Meaning perhaps not worth the extra $$$.The food here was delicious.  The service was terrible.  We were sent upstairs as a larger party, then the man serving up there proceeded to address us rudely and abruptly, not only refusing to answer several questions but treating us as if asking were an insult ("do you have decaf coffee?" "do you have summer rolls?" being two of our extraordinary and bizarre requests. ) Probably wouldn't go again.The veggie spring rolls are off the hook!!  I've been coming here for years, both eat-in and take out (if you call ahead they do curbside service so you don't even have to get out of the car!!) and everything I've tried has been fresh and delicious.  I'm a fan of the shrimp vermicelli, but I also love the claypots and nothing beats the spicy lemongrass soup in the winter.  I haven't had the pho yet but it seems to be a favorite and I'm sure its great!We were looking for a place where we could get in with a party of 6 right away around 7 PM on a Saturday night without having to wait. We gave Vietnam Restaurant a shot and could not have been happier with the outcome. We got in right away and had prompt service throughout the meal. We got the crispy spring roll appetizer which my wife and I thought was delicious. I got the shrimp curry and was very pleased. My friend got a crawfish dish that was excellent. I'm not from Philly and can't compare with the other restaurants in the area but I feel confident in saying this is one well worth checking out!Upscale. All Americans in there so the level of authentic  is not there like I wanted it. If you want traditional this is not the best place. The place is small but very clean. Great staff. Nothing bad to sayI have been here three times, but this was by far my most fun and tasty experience. I attribute it to my company and the fact that I made the right choices! A table of four we were and started with the barbeque platter, which was awesome. It consists of lettuce wrap fixings, stuffed grape leaves, meat kebabs, vermicelli, sauces, chicken and veggies. I had to restrain myself and not fill up too much on apps - a common problem for me. I wanted pho for dinner, but not anything with beef. I initially ordered veggie noodle soup, but our very kind and nice waiter warned me that my soup would be bland if I went that route. I explained that I wanted pho, but could they do it with chicken or veggies? He happily obliged. Everyone else at the table got noodle dishes and I did sneak a bite of my husband's. He ate a lot of it and still had enough left over for lunch. One of my dinner companions made me laugh because she said she once ordered something at Vietnam that was so delicious, but she can't remember what it was and is in a constant quest to figure it out! It was pretty crowded for a Tuesday night, but we had no problems getting a table and having good service.Really good food and great Iced Coffee - pus decent service (but it was really hot in there this last time we went for lunch.
The Chicken over broken rice (or banh) is great and the Chinese broccoli  in garlic sauce was crispy and tender and cooked to perfection.
And you can get flaming rum drinks, too - though we never do.
Love Vietnam for a quick comforting meal.Great place for Vietnamese food in Chinatown - we had the pho and the seafood clay pot and both were delicious, relatively nice atmosphere too.  They also have these old fashioned tiki and similar drinks which add a fun twist. The birth at pho Cali is slightly more favorable but the ambiance here is much better.So is it wrong to visit a city I've only been to 1.5 other times & don't really know much about, just for the food & only for a few hours? I don't think so, either! :-) My boyfriend loves this place & we took a day trip from NY to Philly just so he could bring me here on Sat.
Food ordered:
- Appetizers: Split 2 orders of the Nem Nuong Cuon (Grilled Meat Ball Roll). Basically like a Spring roll but w/a roll of spiced ground pork, vermicelli noodles, bean sprouts, dipped in peanut sauce. Drool!
- Entrees: BF had the Bo Nuong Toi Que (Thinly Sliced Grilled Beef in a basil/garlic sauce). I had the Bun Ga Nuong (Grilled Chicken Vermicelli Noodle Bowl).
- Beverages: Vietnamese Coffee (mine Iced, his hot), which is very strong coffee w/condensed milk on the bottom that is then stirred (not shaken, hehe).
- Dessert: Che Bap (Corn Pudding) & the Coconut Ice Cream.
Cool: I discovered how good the Coconut Ice Cream tasted when I took a spoonful of it & then immediately sipped my Iced Coffee. Yummm!
Not cool: Side effect was severe brain freeze. Owww!
Service was excellent, prices were very reasonable. And everything was sooooo delicious, I couldn't stop raving about how good it all was on our ride back home.
Note on parking: Location is in Chinatown, but this also means a lack of parking. We had to circle for a good 30 mins before finding parking about 3-4 blocks away.Many a group dinner has been enjoyed here. We have shared great conversations, often offending neighboring diners who just showed up for a good bowl of pho and not pho with a side of loud and inappropriate discussion about bodily functions.
The group has, sadly, broken up due to some of its members moving away, but the memories remain wrapped up in rice paper, served with a garnish of pickled carrots and daikon. We never left less than full and satisfied, and the staff always treated us well no matter how many times we flagged them down for refills of water.
Vietnam is one of my favorite restaurants in all of Philly. Consistently good food, good atmosphere, and good times.Best noodle bowls and spring rolls in the land!  Portions are gargantuan!We get take out from here at work when we want to treat ourselves.  Very high quality Vietnamese food.  I had the House Special Bun which had a really tasty assortment of grilled meats and a spring roll on top.  Everything was flavorful and cooked well.  Was excellent even after a long cold walk down the street after picking it up.  Usually gets the salt and pepper chicken which is really solid.  Only thing is that it could use some kind of sauce to moisten it up a bit but I know that is not how its traditionally served.  Fours stars just cause I've never actually eaten in the restaurant.The vermicelli rice bowls won't disappoint, but the wait staff will.
It was a cold day.  My mother in-law and I wanted to sit and have a glass of wine while my husband parked the car.  It was a Sunday evening.  There were PLENTY of open tables.  They refused to seat us "until our entire party was here".  My mother in-law explained that my husband was just parking would be there in less than 10 minutes, but the car the hostess repeated..."we won't seat you unless your entire party is here".  Like a robot.  In fact the entire wait staff are robotic but the food is great.  Who turns down a nice senior citizen on a cold winter's night?Seriously will never return this place! The price is way too high for the kind of quality they serve! At first I thought the food will taste good because the price is high but Nope! The shaking beef is so dry and the sour and sweet shrimp soup tasted so werid and has lot of msg in it and they even charged us 2.25 for hot tea that everywhere serve for free! Ridiculous! Pho xe lua serve the same thing and tasted 100 times better than this place! Regret coming here and spent 42 dollars for two awful dishes!This place is great for a catch up with friends or date. 
My favorite thing that I got is the Lemonade.. it's a must have!! 
The service was really good as well, the host greatly me right away and I only waited a while to get to my table. The servers was really polite and fast and efficient. 
The restaurant interior and outside is very cool and welcoming!I came here at noon on a Saturday for lunch and we were seated right away (although it got busy very quickly). We ordered a lot of food for 3 people - 3 appetizers, 3 entrees, and some drinks. Bill came to 65 before tip, which I thought was a little pricey for a Vietnamese restaurant. But then again, it's a lot nicer and cleaner than most.
The portions were huge, food was just ok, and they didn't have many pure vegetarian options. However the staff was helpful in concocting customized veggie dishes for us, so that was nice.
I thought the vermicelli noodles, fried spring rolls, 3 bean drink, and non fried spring rolls were pretty tasty. The pancake was less crispy than I would have liked.
I would def come here again.Stuffed Grape Leaves and House Special Vermicelli Bowl
THAT'S ALL YOU NEED TO KNOWFantastic! Broken rice pork chops, chicken chow fun, chicken papaya salad, veggie pho, and chicken lemongrass soup....all so good. Great flavor, good service, and quality restaurant. I ate here 2 nites in a row cuz it was so delicious, on my business trip. Highly recommend this place.Great spring rolls and big portions! I would definitely come back again.Crispy spring rolls, crispy spring rolls, crispy spring rolls.
You really don't need to know anything more. Just order them and be prepared to deal with the crack addiction that comes with them. This place is reasonable prices and nice decor. The menu is not amazing start to finish, some stuff is just good. But the key stuff is amazing: crispy spring rolls, summer rolls, pho. The vermicelli bowls are good. I recommend adding a spring roll to any bowl.I really don't know why i've never been to this place before.  I guess we just head to chinatown for chinese and Washington Ave for our Vietnamese.  We couldn't really enjoy ordering what ever we pleased because were trying to eat healthier and make better choices.   I loved how this place was clean and did not feel like quick grab bite Viet place; more like an actual restaurant.  This would be a nice place to take out guests or first timers of Vietnamese cuisine.   I wish we could've tried their famous cocktail drink.  We did indulge in some grilled shrimp on skewers.  They were delicious.  I ordered a pho noodle seafood soup.  It was kind of bland.  I ended up taking it home.  They did add extra soup for me, however i never ate it anyway.  The bf got a bowl of pho.  He enjoyed how the size of this bowl was perfect; not your  typical jumbo size.  I def gotta come back here and check out the rest of the menu.Disappointing is the name of my experience here at Vietnam Restaurant and Saigon Bar.  Both are housed in the same building, with the restaurant occupying the first two stories and the bar lounge taking up the third.  
They don't take reservations.  Fine.  My party of 6 to 7 all show up within a 15 minute window of each other for an early dinner on Friday night - 7:00 pm.  Myself and one other person were the first to show. We were super hungry and thought that we could get spring rolls or something while we waited at the bar with our drinks.  We were informed that there was NO FOOD ALLOWED at the bar (except for the disgusting shrimp chips that dry out your tongue - weak, especially since we were vegetarian).  
So we wait.  When everyone shows up, the bar staff indicates that because we have 7 people instead of six, we're going to have to wait at least 30 minutes.  Fine.. I'm starving, but I drink up my calories and enjoy the company. 50 minutes later they tell us it'll be at least another five minutes as the party is paying. 10 minutes after that we all trooped downstairs to be seated.
When we get down to the second floor - the room is half empty.  Many many tables were all empty. Seriously... wtf?
Now if all of this resulted in delicious Vietnamese food - all would have been forgiven and forgotten.  Instead - the seafood my friends got were consistently over cooked... I had more grease in my vegetable chow fun noodles than noodles... and the rice noodle with spring roll was simplistic in flavor (i.e. salt, salt, and more salt).  Yuk.
Why two stars despite the disappointment?  They certainly didn't get any stars for the food....
First star - The decor was decent and the lounge-y ambience of the bar comfortable... their cocktail menu also contributes to this star.
Second star - They at least have it together to coordinate between the maitre'd and the bar staff upstairs so that provided you don't have to wait an hour for your table, you can get seated reasonably fast.This place might have the best ambiance in all of Philadelphia's Chinatown. The food is fresh and delicious. However, Vietnam's dishes are pricier than those in many other Vietnamese restaurants in town. I think that some of the cheaper places have more delicious food. I suppose that there is a cost for the nicer environment at Vietnam.Surefire winner on most any day here. Interior has a warm and inviting feel since their updated French colonial renovation years ago-- skirts the balance between atmospheric and convivial. The diverse, clean flavors evident in the cooking are consistently well-executed: rich and vivid w/o feeling heavy-handed. Had an amazing meal of fish in a clay pot here; would recommend just about anything in a clay pot! Great Bun (vermicelli), Goi Cuon (summer rolls), Cha Gio (spring rolls) and soups.  Very affordable, and way better for food and decor than rival Vietnam Palace across the street. Indelibly wedded to my love of Vietnamese food...Came here with my husband on a Saturday afternoon for a late lunch/early dinner on a recommendation from a coworker, and we were not disappointed. We like to try new cuisines, and this was our first time trying Vietnamese. We got there at around 3 pm and there were people there, but it wasn't packed. 
To start, we split the spring rolls appetizer, which was deliciously crispy and the sauce was great. I had the pork over broken rice. It's a huge dish, and I'd eaten very little that day (in anticipation of our lunch out), so I just kept eating... and eating... and eating. It was so delicious that I am unashamed to say that I ate the entire enormous serving (we took the train in and were going elsewhere after lunch, so carrying around leftovers would have been impractical and I hate wasting food). Luckily, I was at the point of feeling very full without feeling disgusting. My husband had a squid dish, which he loved. Service was okay - not cloying but not neglectful. The price was extremely reasonable. We paid ~ $40 for the appetizer, two entrees, tax, and tip, which I felt was fair for the quality and portion size. We are now huge fans and will definitely be back.Last week was my third visit to Vietnam. Service was mediocre and the Vegetable Chow Fun w/ tofu had all the flavor of smoked water. It was seriously awful. Wife tried it and agreed. Maybe it was bong water? Is that what it tastes like? Strike three for this spot unfortunately.I have been going to the Vietnam Restaurant since I was a tiny baby (I am now 22 years old). It is hands down my favorite restaurant I have been to anywhere! My family and I always order a large array appetizers to share as our meal! The crispy spring rolls are a must, along with the beef with grape leaves! The salt and pepper squid is another one of our all time favorites! This dish is not on the appetizer menu but is a great dish to share as an appetizer. The Vietnamese Restaurant is always my first choice restaurant for any occasion!I adore Vietnam Restaurant. Ever since they remodeled to this classic Vietnamese French decor a few years back, it has become a great place to go if you're in Chinatown but don't necessarily want Chinese food. It's a popular place with great food to back it up.
It's best to call by numbers when ordering here. Personally, I love their appetizers and would recommend ordering a few to share as the main meal. The Crispy Spring Roll is literally fried to a crisp but unlike the spring rolls from other places, these are crispy chewy, the pork inside is made authentic by the basil and spices. One of the bests I've had. The Shrimp and Pork Roll is non-fried like the regular summer rolls, I prefer this because you can experience different textures with its soft exterior, the succulent shrimp, the crispy bean sprouts and the silky vermicelli noodles. 
The star of the appetizers have to be the Stuffed Grape Leaves. It's the best dish on the whole menu. Unlike its Greek counterpart, these are stuffed with beef and the whole thing is charred to perfection. Dip it in sauce and wrapped them inside a lettuce leaf with pickled vegetables and vermicelli and treat it like a lettuce wrap. It's truly amazing.
Not to dis their Phos, but there are other restaurants that do better, not to say that theirs are not up to par, but like grandma's chicken noodle soups, we all have our own favorite versions. That said, my favorite noodle soup at Vietnam Restaurant was a Crab and Egg Noodle Soup that unfortunately have been taken out from their menus.
Broken rice dishes are basically marinated barbecue meats served with long grain rice that have been broken into smaller pieces. There's history in broken rice but it actually kinda easier to eat and able to absorb more sauce. I love the national famous Lemongrass Pork Chop broken rice or the chicken one. The vermicelli noodle bowls are also great too. Add more ingredients to your heart's content and get a taste of as many things as you want.
I can attest to some of the great curries they have but with the great appetizers and dishes, I usually don't go for a main dish because I rather taste 2-3 different things than one main thing. Whatever you do, do try to order a drink like a Vietnamese ice coffee or a fruit shake. If you're more adventurous, try a Vietnamese lemonade or a coconut drink.Went on a weekend night and I felt like I was surrounded by adult yuppies.  But the food is decent tasting and has large portions, but my dish (#60, i forget what it was called) had a slight burnt flavor.  Service was meh.  Spring rolls were yummy.  I could consider returning to the restaurant to try other dishes, but I probably won't.Ordered pork spring rolls and the house special noodle bowl.  Being a self proclaimed spring roll aficionado, I give their fresh pork spring rolls high marks.  The pork is crispy with a great BBQ flavor adding both texture and taste to the spring roll. The dipping sauce also compliments this appetizer very well.  Next, I had the house vermicelli noodle bowl, number 45 on their menu.  Unfortunately, my phone died and I was unable to snap a picture of this beautiful dish.  Not the best I've had but still very good.  The dish included fried spring roll, chicken, BBQ pork, Vietnamese sausage and pickled vegetables along with the noodles, sauce and cilantro.  I'd definitely order it again.  
As for the restaurant itself, I thought the dining area was clean and very comfortable.  Service was pretty good and prices were reasonable.My three star rating is based on value for the dollar.  I was jones'n for PHO on a wintery day.  My usual place on Race and 9th was closed.  I had been wanting to try this as part of my goal to eat at every restaurant in Chinatown.  This one has a cozy warm feel.
I must say I was disappointed at the portion size for $6.95.  It came in a bowl the size of a diner soup bowl.  It had about a 90/10 % noodle to broth ratio and about 1 oz of sliced beef.  The flavor was good, but on the light side as PHO broth's go.  And to their credit they did give me an extra bowl of broth at no charge.  I just don't understand why they wouldn't just keep the noodle and meat proportions and put it in a larger bowl with more broth (pennies right?), but the perception of value is greatly increased for little cost.  Oh well, that's just my opinion.
Wouldn't rush back here with all the other options in town.Great spring rolls but my chow fun wasn't smoky the sauce just tasted charade & burned. The noodles, chicken & broccoli on the dish were great & their restaurant is very niceVietnam was one of my first regular spots in Philly and it's proven to be great for everything from dates to family get-togethers.  Along with its sister West Philly Cafe, this is my favorite Vietnamese restaurant in the city, easily beating out its over-hyped South Philly competitors.  Decor-wise, this is the nicest Vietnamese restaurant that I've eaten in, which easily explains the slightly steep pricing.  There's also a somewhat fancy-seeming bar, which I've never felt compelled to visit.  The service is friendly and often inexplicably fast.  This isn't to their detriment, though, as a variety of dishes - including the basil beef, lemon grass shrimp, and noodle soups - are all delicious and generously portioned.Went here for a quick dinner with a friend.  Pleasant, quiet atmosphere, with friendly service.  I tried the shrimp/pork summer roll and the seafood noodle bowl; both were very good.  Prices were low, too!I've only had lunch here but overall I was impressed with the food, service, and the price. Went with 12+ co workers and we were all served our food within minutes of each other, which I thought was impressive. 
I had the spring roll vermicelli which was delicious. There's something about the oil crunch of a spring roll on top of a non-oily noodle lettuce base. 
I would definitely come back here and might even try to order delivery from here if they offer it.Went here for an early dinner on a Friday night with my husband. I've ordered take out from the place across the street several times, but thought we would give this place a try because the reviews were consistently good. We received our appetizer and entree within maybe 6 minutes of ordering it. The beef jerky papaya salad was really good, though shredded thinner than I'm used to so I feel like I usually get a larger portion elsewhere. The beef over broken rice was also pretty good, though it felt like it needed more vegetables or some kind of light sauce/liquid to bring everything together. My favorite part was probably the taro rice pudding for dessert! I love taro and coconut milk and it was the perfect warm, semi-sweet end to this meal. We will definitely be back!
My only real complaint would be that the tables were pretty close together, and there were two group of 6-10 people in the room we were in, so it made it a little difficult to hold a conversation. Our food came out so quickly that it didn't matter too much, but it would have been nice to keep the groups who were very talkative together and the couples wanting a quiet date night in another room.Ordered fried rice (veggies and vegetarian)
Huge portion - could be for two people. 
Basic 
Ask for soy sauce 
Plain 
Reasonably priced 
Great, kind, and fast service! Would go againBest spring rolls.  Every time I am in Philly I have to make a stop here for the bun vermicelli with chicken and spring rolls.  Consistently excellent food and nice atmosphere.Not as cheap as the Vietnamese places on Washington between 16th and the Italian Market, but definitely a better atmosphere.  Food is served nearly as soon as you place your order so there's not much time to build up an appetite.  Come hungry!I used to love this place, but after seeing their new prices, I just can't.  They've jacked up prices to the point where they're about 75-100% more expensive than other Vietnamese restaurants.  I refuse to pay $13.95 for a vermicelli bowl here when I can get a comparable meal just down the street for $6.95 at Pho Xe Lua.  Ridiculous.  Their interior looks nice though.  They have that going for them.I dined here for dinner with my family on a Saturday night.  I had the shrimp and pork roll and #22 Deluxe Noodle Soup.  I liked the roll but especially the dipping sauce.  Our waiter told us that the bowl for the noodle soup would be very large.  It really wasn't that big.  Certainly not the same size as other authentic Vietnamese Pho places I've been to.  Despite that the noodle soup was very good.  For those with babies, they do not have high chairs so be sure to bring a stroller with you.probably one of the favorite asian food eateries (other than penang) for white people to go to. nevertheless, no matter where you're from, you'll definitely agree the food is totally awesome! as any good place, it gets packed on weekends and no, you cant make reservations, so try and check it out during the week. the bbq platter is a must!!! the drinks are also fruity and will get you more tipsy than you would expect. vietnamese coffee is also very good. absolutely worth checking out, if only during the week.A mixed bag. Great atmosphere for Chinatown. A plus here.  Wait service efficient but far from welcoming. The food, some good, some not so good and nothing that blew me away.  Soups were ok.  Best dish was a garlic shrimp. Chicken in a clay pot was overcooked and lacked flavor. Vermicelli with assorted toppings was good but needed more seasoning. Vietnamese was a nice change but I have had much better. When in Chinatown I will stick with Sang Kee.Pleasant environment for a first lunch at Vietnam Restaurant on 11th Street. 
Dark wood tones, extensive menu, and apparently, a good bar.  
My lunch was simple; Pho Tai.  The bowl was smaller than at other VN locales, but tasty and well presented with a full plate of accessories (spouts, lime, jalapenos,basil leaves).  The flank steak was thin and lean.  The broth as doctored at the table, spicy and engaging.  The noodles, soft and of adequate volume.  At $6.95, it was exactly what I wanted for a light lunch.
The Vietnamese coffee was also very satisfying.  
I need to visit a few more times and try more on the menu before coming to a final opinion on this pleasant fixture on the edge of Chinatown.Pros: 
Fresh GREAT tasting food! 
Service is excellent. 
Affordable.
Nice ambiance.
Cons: 
Parking esp in Chinatown.I had a fantastic dinner. I ordered the crispy spring rolls. The dipping sauce they come with is excellent. The rolls themselves were the perfect amount of crispy and not over fried. They came with pickled vegetables. I ordered the chicken vermecilli bowl. The noodles are served cold. The bowl comes with a side of spicy hoisin sauce. The chicken is grilled and very warmed. It was extremely delicious and filling. The portion size was on point. 
My friend ordered the chicken pad Thai and it was also good. It does have a smokey flavor added to it. It's not as sweet as other pad Thais, but it was a really great mix of flavored. 
My other friend ordered the sweet and spicy chicken. Another amazing dish. It's lightly battered and fried. It's served over a mixture of bell peppers and jalepenos. It does come with white rice. I recommend asking for a side of the hoisin sauce because it doesn't come with a lot. 
I enjoyed the lemongrass martinis. They were refreshing. It was almost like an adult lemonade. I can't wait to come here again!My favorite  BBQ platter really good!I have been going to this restaurant for the last 15 or so years..
The food was so so and the waiter was bad.
We were seated upstairs and had to ask for utensils, bowls, etc.
Ordered many dishes, stuffed grape leaf were burnt, pork wonton did not have hardly any pork, the sea food soup was not the best. Usually bring extra food home, but this visit, did not bother to bring any back home.
Not sure if I will go back
Will try the restaurant across the street.I haven't dined in the restaurant, only had takeout, but let me tell you, this has to be the best Vietnamese food in Chinatown. Their fried spring rolls (#4 cha gio) , and the lemongrass marinated pork with rice & a fried egg (#31 com tam suon nuong) is YUMMY! It's so om nom nom nom nommy!  They gave me a good sized portion for take out, with 2 porkchops, a huge fried egg, a whole container of white rice & a container of fish sauce. The fried spring rolls also came pre cut, which I love! A great plus for me is that it's only a couple blocks from my apartment. A definite win-win for me.
But the only downside is....... It's pricey, compared to the great Viet restaurants on Washington ave. But I guess you're paying for the location.Stop reading this and go eat some food. I always get the salt and pepper chicken, I suggest you do the same!Whenever I am craving Vietnamese food I come here. I have been here multiple times, I am guilty of getting the same thing every time though for my entree. Their special vermicelli bowl is so simple and filling. The meat is cooked to perfection and piled on top. Add the spring roll to that and it's everything I want in one bowl. I have tried a couple of different app. The Vietnamese crepe was good, I just think a little pricey for what it is. Their stuffed grape leaves however were juicy, moist, and left me wanting more. This place is a great spot and I would visit here more often if they dropped their prices by a couple of dollars.Great Pho! Also had a live crab cooked in the most interesting and delicious way. Service was great.This is a fancy viet restaurant, with a pretty large menu offering. I ordered the Jicama Summer Rolls which were pretty good. Veggie based root vegetable thing I just wanted to try out and it was pretty delicious.
The BBQ deluxe broken rice was also not too bad. The pork was pretty over cooked though, the flavor wasn't too bad. I really did like the shredded pork and the egg... quiche? Either way,  it's not a bad spot and pretty spacious for large parties. I went relatively early in the night, but it seems to do pretty well. Although, it seemed like many patrons were tourists.Super tasty! Good relaxed atmosphere. Had the lemon grass steak vermicelli bowl and it was perfect, with a crispy spring roll. Just perfect. Reasonable pricing as well as a very attentive wait staff. Highly recommend.Been here several times.  Nice decor and friendly service.  Consistently good food.  
Comprehensive clear menu.  Welcoming dishes. 
Had mixed appetizer platter.  Generous portion of delicious treats
Sprung rolls hit the spot 
For the main I had the country style beef in soy and Worcestershire    Just the right degree if salty decadence.Well, the pho here isn't bad, but the best part of this restaurant is the spring rolls - fresh, hot and totally worth a trip to eat. But, everything else here, unfortunately, was only normal, and that meant I often stopped here for an order of spring rolls to go, and little else.
They do have a decent waiting space as it does get busy here, but they are certainly swift in clearing up tables and clearing you out as you finish up. Drinks here are a bit on the weak side, almost cloyingly sweet.Vietnam has delicious food but ALSO delicious tropical drinks. Take a date here and split the Flaming Volcano. It's much more exciting than drinks that aren't on fire.the smaller, swankier, and mahogany ensconsed vietnamese restaurant on 11th, right across the street from its arch nemesis, vietnam palace. i've been going to this place for an extremely long time, long before it got its fancy multi-million dollar renovation and used to be a crappy ass dive.  seriously, it was a hole.  
the food is still good, fresh, and still very reasonably priced.  not that i have anything against the more divey vietnamese places (i loves em) sometimes, it's nice to have a bit of ambiance.  so for good vietnamese with ambiance, this is the place.  plus, they have those huge and strong drinks you can share, like the flaming volcano!It's an Anglo version of Vietnamese food.  Everything is OK but not great.  Not really spicy, not as authentic, vibrant as the good Vietnamese restaurants that I've been to.  As someone else stated, the service is robotic.  Bring out food, clean table, etc. but no interaction such as "did you enjoy your food, do you need anything, etc?".  It would be better if they at least had a few hot girl servers instead of all guys who just stand up front chatting with each other.
Good selection of beer and cocktails but middle of the road food.