Came here last Friday evening with a group of 5 ladies. We arrived right before closing and still had an enjoyable experience. I was nervous initially because I felt like they may have been annoyed we showed up right before they closed. Nonetheless the service and food was very good. I ordered a chicken vermicelli bowl, which was very reasonably priced and not very heavy as it was so late in the evening. I enjoyed the décor and would definitely try this place again.Very good spot. I've been here several times and they have good broth! I will definitely return to this restaurant. I've gotten a fee different soups and haven't been disappointed!The decor of the place does not look like your typical Vietnamese place. It is much nicer and cleaner and hip. 
The place was packed. I think this is due to a lot of places in the area closed until sundown for Ramadan. 
The portions are fair sized and everything tasted like your standard Vietnamese joint. No surprises. I ordered a papaya salad to be healthy. Much regret as they are not my jam. 
Service was also about average for your typical Vietnamese place. 
3.5 stars but I'll round up to 4Vietnam is THE best ever.  My family and I have been going here since forever, beginning with their original restaurant in Chinatown.  They are like family to us, Benny always comes and greets us and all of the waiters know us by name.  The service is impeccable and fast.  My favorite go to dishes are the Cha Gio, which are crispy spring rolls served with mint and iceberg lettuce...so good.  My others are the pork chops and the lime chicken, which comes with a non-heavy but savory sauce and bok choy.  THE absolute best thing on their menu is the Shaken Beef!!!  It is tender beef medallions with red onion, cilantro and some type of greens (not sure what but it is good).  It is the most delicious thing ever.  Their pho is also excellent, I recommend the beef lemongrass.  It fills you up but doesn't drag you down.  I love this place and will continue to go there until the day I die!  Everyone must visit at least once!Love this place! The food is amazing and everyone is very nice.
I love that if we ask for spicy they will actually make it spicy unlike some of these places.
I recommend the pho and pad Thai.This restaurant is excellent. The food is of good quality, great flavors all around and they even have a wonderful staff. Will be stoping by here again for sure.Wanted to like this place more than I did, but the bang for buck was disappointing, eg in terms of portions and quality.  I would check it out for lunch tho.  Bad adult compo pop playing loudly.  We got a catfish dish that was chunks deep-fried to the point of chewy dryness.  Maybe we mis-ordered?  Some things were okay/good, like the sticky rice.  Maybe the 4 star review is justified for those in the know?What a hidden gem!
Great ambiance, good service, lovely decoration. Food was reasonably priced and tasty.Was looking forward to trying this place. However, when I informed the waiter that I had a shellfish allergy, he told me it'd be best to eat elsewhere as just about everything is cross-contaminated - even dishes marked vegan/vegetarian.I thought this was not only rude of him to tell us to leave, but very irresponsible of the restaurant not to take better food safety precautions.Sitting here on the couch with a full belly, had to post a fast bump for a job well done.
This is the kind of place you'd take visiting family to eat in. They also do super fast take out. We have a squirmy wormy little baby and she loves their food, the ravioli makes nice finger food.
Top rated above most everything else out this way.SO pretty. They recently re-did this place, and it feels palatial inside. The drinks are beauties, the decor is super glamorous, and the food is pretty good, too. I must say, this doesn't get 5 stars because, for the atmosphere, I would expect perfectly-seasoned, amazing food...and while it's great, it isn't the BEST. I still love it though, and with a decor this nice, the prices are a wonderful surprise. Oh and the service is so wonderful! People really care here, and I always feel well taken care of.Went here for an early dinner around 5pm on a weekday with my brother and had a great meal. We both got rice vermicelli bowls which were reasonably priced at around $10. They had rice noodles, a meat of your choice, cucumbers, carrots, and some other veggies. with a nice light sauce of some sort. not sure exactly what it was but it had just the right amount of spice for me. 
The ambiance was nice. It had a more upscale feeling than I had expected. We were there in the daytime and they had the huge windows that make up most of the wall open. The sun was shining and a breeze was blowing. It was great. The servers were attentive and plentiful. I think we had at least three different people as our server, no problems there.
I will mention that they only had chopsticks out on the table. They may have had silverware available but I didn't ask. So if you absolutely can't use chopsticks you may wanna call ahead and ask if they have silverware. All in all, we had a great time and it was pretty darn inexpensive so I'll definitely be back in the futureVietnam cafe is fantastic! The restaurant itself has a great inviting atmosphere and the waitstaff is also very helpful with the menu. The drink specials are unique and taste delicious. I ordered the house tasting bowl when i went which has a little of everything and was completely satisfied. If you dont know what to order, get this. It is pretty straightforward and gives you a taste of the most ordered items and what their food is like so you'll know for the future.We went to Vietnam Cafe, not to be confused with Vientiane Cafe. Both are great West Philly joints, but Vietnam cafe is surprisingly more upscale. At any rate, it was pretty delicious, and I would go back.
We showed up around 6:00 and were immediately seated at a nice window seat. We dined on the grilled squid appetizer, the house special vermicelli, and a fried tofu dish whose name my memory has forsaken. 
The grilled squid was wonderfully cooked and came with a splendid tangy sauce. It was just brunt enough to have a hint of smoky flavor and crispyness but soft on the inside. The house special came with chicken, beef, sausage, a fried spring roll and a heaping bowl of vermicelli. Needless to say, everything in the bowl was delicious. Finally, the fried tofu was light and crispy and came with thinly slices jalapenos. I really enjoyed stacking the hot peppers on the crispy tofu.
In the end, Vietnam cafe is a healthy 4.5 stars. I would definitely like to go back and try the black eyed peas dessert dish.Big place! Decent price..entrees $13 approx.
Extra rice does cost a $1 extra..per the menu.
Clay pot chicken - tasty and hot. Well cooked chicken..with onions probably would have loved if there were some peppers or mushrooms added. It is more of garlic flavor so i would say it was okay as I am not a very big fan of strong garlic flavor. 
Tofu curry - asked to make it spicy..was really nice. The curry was very flavorful and soft tofu with some peppers and onions on it. 
Large quantity..two people can definitely share of ordering an appetizer too..Their food is always consistently great! The atmosphere is chill and very family friendly! Spring rolls are always crunchy, not too greasy, and comes out just right with the perfect punch of flavors. My favorite dish is their pho which is infused with so many flavors including meat and veggies in the broth. The noodles are cooked perfectly every time!Dear Vietnman Cafe, 
I love you so much. I love your vegetarian spring rolls and chili oil even more than that. I love what you've done with the old sad Abraccio building - it's so beautiful and cozy. I am glad that the family is doing well. 
But I'm so sad about the loss of BYOB status. Your corkage fee is outrageous (about the same price as just buying an in-house bottle of wine). You've become slightly less affordable, but I'll see be seeing you a few times a month.An out of owner visiting on Xmas holiday.  A fantastic surprise.  Grilled Squid vermicelli has a nice smoky flavor.  Beef lemongrass Pho was just spicy enough that those who don't like heat will still be able to appreciate it.  Grilled beef grapleaves...OMG!   We will be going back on our next Philly visit!My first foray into Dining Days and it completely inspired me to try others on the list! 
I had the crispy spring roll appetizer, and it was huge! If you are someone that can't eat a lot, this could be your whole meal. In my book, as someone who can eat 5 courses and possibly still be hungry, this is a great way to start out dinner! And it tasted SO GOOD!!?  I was really thinking about ordering another one to take home and snack on later that night. One of the ladies in my party got the green papaya salad and it was gargantuan! She had to take half of it home, and it looked absolutely amazing.
For my main course I had the chicken vermicelli (which whatever way I pronounced it they were fine with). It was really good, although I had no idea there was a salad (cucumber sticks, cabbage or lettuce shreds)hidden under my noodles. Honestly, I'm not a salad fan so I just ate my chicken and noodles. The noodles were cold, which they are supposed to be, just a head's up for anyone that didn't already know that--someone in my party didn't realize that and she said had she known she wouldn't have gotten the vermicelli dish.  The rest of the table had the chicken sate which looked really good. And the 3 of them really oohed and aahed over it, so I'm guessing it was good.
Dessert had the 5 of us each trying the 3 variations on rice pudding. I had the corn, and it was amazing and completely unlike what I thought it was going to be in my head. I didn't try the others because I don't like black eyed peas and the taro just didn't sound interesting--plus I was getting pretty full. 
Service was tops and they even moved us from a smaller table to a larger, more out of the way one. They kept our water glasses topped up and even offered silverware to us without being asked. The chopsticks on the table are actually really nice but, we had a few that weren't well versed in using them and felt more comfortable with a knife and fork.
Definitely going to hit this place up for lunch on the weekends. Such a vast menu to try and I'm sure I'll find something else I really like easily enough.I sampled five appetizers and liked them all and their respective dipping sauces.  They were full of what I took to be authentic Vietnamese flavors.  Among the entrees, the pork chop was very good but the other four entrees I sampled seemed fairly bland.  I don't claim any expertise in Vietnamese food other than having been in the country for a couple of weeks but I like the flavors.  The entrees at Vietnam Cafe didn't quite bring back fond memories of my visit.Had some pretty ok pho here. I'm from Seattle though so I'm always a bit bummed that I'm not paying $4 for a huge bowl with a cream puff added on the side. With that said, this place is gorgeous inside and the food was pretty good. The veggie pho could have used some tofu. Come on guys!Checking out this Vietnamese restaurant in Philly.  Hope it's good.  I've been craving some home cooking.Vietname cafe is a good Saturday night dinner place as it's festively busy, but no crowds and lines. The interior is modern and has lovely dim lighting. Sometimes I think I'm at a center city rather than West Philly restaurant. 
The drinks specials list was interesting enough to consider a cocktail. But I stuck with beer while my partner had plum wine, which reminded me of the stuff we'd drink at Passover seders.
I have had noodle bowls there and there are some great appetizers. I haven't had the entrees, but the options are appealing.Disclaimer: I know nothing about Vietnamese food.
I love Vietnam Cafe. It's right around the corner from my place and it's one of our all-time favorites. The renovation is beautiful - it feels like a really classy place. The crispy spring rolls are incredible, and if you like meat, get the Bun Dac Biet (House Special Vermicelli) which is served with crispy spring rolls, grilled meat balls, char-grilled chicken & pork. Kind of like a sampler. The vermicelli is served with a reddish spicy-sweet sauce - very tasty. I also tried the Ca Kho To (Fish Claypot), which was delicious.
I had one issue with a waiter confusing my order but after a quick talk with the manager, everything was taken care of. 
If you haven't tried Vietnam Cafe, you're missing out.ok, so i've been craving pho for a little bit now. sure, it feels like 110 degrees outside but i was feeling a little under the weather today. i REALLY didn't want to trek out to washington ave. and def didn't have the energy to deal with chinatown. so, i set my expectations a little low and checked out closer local spots. i think i read that this place was owned by the same folks as fu wah...alright, i'll give them a try.
parking was a bitch, which is unusual but they were SO busy. i had called to order take-out and in 15 min, it was ready and waiting for me. i ordered the basics, being that this was my first time, pho tai and shrimp rolls. 
now, the food is good. it's not washington ave/chinatown good, but it's good. both the broth and brisket tastes clean but doesn't lack flavor. the shrimp rolls are also ok, although the noodles tasted a little overcooked, in both the rolls and pho. 
anyways, they don't skimp on portions and it def gets the job done. it is a little pricier, but that's to be expected, given that we're in west philly and on baltimore.
i am interested in going back to try some of their other dishes.A vietnamese restaurant trying to front being upscale...right.
I ordered the com tam, and it was actually pretty good. However, the cost of it was appalling. It was almost double the price of what you would normally get at any pho shop that offered rice dishes.
If it wasn't for the pricing this would be a 3 or 4 star place, however, considering the price, it's just not worth it to even try imo. 
The service was also bad. We were literally left alone to our tools and then when we finally wanted the check we had to call them over even though there wasn't very many people around in the first place.This is a slightly more upscale restaurant than the usual west philly type and it is appreciated.  The foo is good quality.  My opinion is that the more expensive dishes are the better deals.  Most everything is good.  I even recommend the Vietnamese 33 beer.Went here with a party of 4, waited about 10 minutes to be seated. The place was moderately packed, but service was ridiculously slow. I ordered the braised beef noodle soup for my first course, which appeared more like the sliced beef noodle soup. It was good but I'm quite sure is was not what I really ordered. For my main course I ordered the salt baked squid which was a little soggy on the outside and was lacking in flavor as well. The best part of my meal was the flaming volcano, can you say delicious... All in all this place left something to be desired, like I need to go back and try it again, maybe it was just a bad night or something.We always order the BBQ platters and love every mintute of it
A great place and now with great parking and no waitGood place to go with groups, or just as a couple.  The food was good, especially the noodle dishes and the appetizer tray (for a larger group).  Drink menu is good, and vegetarian options are many.   This is our neighborhood Vietnamese restaurant, and I will go back many more times.My friend Stephan and I ate here on a Saturday night around 7:30pm. When we got there, they let us know that there'd be about a 10 minute wait, which was much shorter than I expected, given the reports of how popular it is.
I had a hard time deciding what to get, but Stephan reassured me that everything he's ever eaten at Vietnam Cafe has been good.
We both ordered spring rolls (the not fried kind), I think he had the pork ones, and I had the pork & shrimp ones. They were delicious, and I especially liked the dipping sauce, which I suppose isn't unique, but it was definitely yummy.
I ordered pork chops on broken rice, and Stephan got one of the rice vermicelli dishes. Mine came with that orange-colored sweet vinegar sauce for pouring onto the meat & rice, and a side of some marinated veggies with some chili sauce on top (VERY spicy!). It was very filling and a delight for the tastebuds, but I can't say that I found it particularly outstanding among the various Vietnamese restaurants I've eaten at (Xe Lua, for example). Very good, but not falling-over-to-die-for.
I had brought a bottle of wine (Riesling), and someone came right away to open it for us, but we had to ask for one of the metal chiller things, and then it wasn't even cold (until we poured our ice water in it).
Other than that minor kerfluffle, the service was prompt and gracious, and the overall experience (love the decor) was very enjoyable. I'm glad I finally got to try it!I love this place! Especially the veggie spring rolls. I'm also a big fan of the cocktails and the vermicelli. Everything that I've ever had at Vietnam and Vietnam Cafe has been delicious. The atmosphere is nice and the service is great. Love it!always try the lemongrass soup and Nem Nuong. i ve visited philly on occasion just to dine at vietnam cafe. the rice dishes are not that great because they come without any gravy and seem dry but that may not be the place's fault.I have been a couple times now for dinner. I liked it! Prices aren't ridiculously cheap but not outrageous and the food is tasty with fairly large portions. I am no Vietnamese cuisine expert so I couldn't tell you if it was traditional or not, but I definitely thought the food was good and presented well. The atmosphere is nice as it is attractively decorated. I was seated and served fairly quickly even though it was a weekend.I love this place. The food is consistently great, the service is excellent, and the prices are right. 
I have been here 3 times and it has been great every time. I've gotten the fish claypot and the seafood noodle soup and would recommend both. The broth is really good and the flavors are incredible. I also got the crispy shrimp roll appetizer twice and it was great both times. It's definitely a bit out of the way but worth the trip. The inside is beautiful and the food and service are both great. Our waiters were very attentive but not over-bearing. I will definitely be coming here again!you may say this may be a one star more than it deserve.
listen to me.
they deserve 4 stars.
food was decent (remember it is "cafe" not "restaurant")
they, i think, meant to be less than "restaurant"
*the service was good.
good ambiance
here is something that no normal person will go thru
i went to lancaster and ended up at miller ?? - a restaurant 
it looks good outside but
1. they technically hid the fact that they are buffet
----i dont like buffet. but under the circumstance i had no choice
2. they had 3 menu plus additional for dessert and so 
----one jst for salad and bread and soup $9
----one for hot meal and meat $15
----one for all $22
3. bad service
----i blame my luck since the table next to ours had a one who was way better in many ways
over charge. bad service. most of all, bad bad bad food
anywho, that i what i had around 2pm for lunch.
so when we got to philly, we all craved for something decent or good
and it had to be asian (spice, hot, rice, or somthing to wash down the bad grease in us)
this place provided it.
we were very please.
so they deserve 4 stars.Loved this place. The tofu appetizer was really good, and the vermicelli special was AMAZING. I'm not usually a fan of Vietnamese egg rolls, and the ones here weren't anything world changing. The service for lunch was top notch. The interior is surprisingly fancy given its unassuming location. Prices: right.
It's a bit out of the way if you don't have much reason to be in the area, but worth the walk if you're a student at Penn. Highly recommend.i went here this past saturday for dinner. the food was amazing and the service was incredible!! the pork chops were so good!! the crepe appetizer was nice and i will probably try the fried shrimp next time. this place is a must!!When you look at the place you are expecting a really good experience, visualy the place promises a lot.   Then you look at the menu and you realize it is a tarted up pho joint with really spendy dishes.  The food was not bad but it did not have enough flavors.  The Saigon Noodle was a true bore.  I was really excited to try it but when I got the check all I could say was it was not worth it.This was a very nice treat. The food was good, the portions were appropiate,  the service was wonderful, and the atmosphere was nice Wish they had kid friendly menu but overall my husband and I loved this place.I've had nothing but awesome experiences here! Whether takeout or eat in, Vietnam Cafe is delicious, and inexpensive. Eating in, I've been there on  a date, or with a friend who has young kids, and the atmosphere was fine both ways. As for service, they were on top of everything. I also have a lot of food allergies, and they were super accommodating. If you dine here, you won't regret it!This place ROCKS! Everything is so good and hits the spot. I love soups and pho. This place is beautiful, friendly, bright and delicious. We loved everything we got and consider this excellent vietnamese food. Much better than Vientiene around the corner if you're looking for asian food.In the genre of Vietnamese restaurants, this place is at the top of the heap.  It's actually ELEGANT with lovely wood and tablecloths, a full bar, and a waitstaff who speak English better than the average American. 
For a few bucks more than the average dive, you have a dining experience.  For the most part, the standard dishes (vermicelli, broken rice, Pho) are exactly the the same as you will get at a mom and pop dive with a good kitchen.  That's not a BAD thing.  
Actually, if you have ever been afraid to ask about unfamiliar dishes because of language issues in the more homespun joints, this would be a great place to get educated.  I will definitely expand my palate here.  And BTW, if you like some heat, just ask for some chili oil and don't be fooled by the small serving.  My lips are still tingling.First off, I've never had Vietnamese food in my life. So I can't compare this to other establishments. What I can tell you is that we had a great time!
My fiancé and I were invited here for a birthday party. Since we were early, we sat at the bar. The décor of this restaurant was lovely! Bartender was very attentive.
Once our party of five was seated, things only got better. The service was impeccable. Plates were cleared immediately and water glasses filled. It felt like we had five waiters. The food looked, smelled, and tasted delicious. 
I recommend treating yourself to a "Suffering Bastard" cocktail. :)great option if you want fresh vietnamese food and tropical cocktails. building is well kept and clean, a large dining room with big windows keeps it from feeling claustrophobic during the busy hours. waitstaff is usually attentive and food comes out pretty quickly. overall i would actually give it 4.5 stars compared to other similar restaurants in the areaI gave this place another try after having disappointing pho and lemongrass soup here. This time, we tried house special vermicelli and lemongrass steak over rice. They were both very good!! They know how to do grilled meats!! The portions were good. It was on the pricier side, compared to the usual Vietnamese food places, but not too crazy. Very nice decorations and service!We eat here all the time. 
The restaurant is clean, inviting, and spacious. 
The food is delicious and reasonably priced for what you get. 
The service is fantastic. The owners come around often to see how patrons are doing. They are very present and very invested in their restaurant and it shows. 
Try the pho and the meatball rolls. They are delicious.Stars for the food. Stars for the atmosphere. Lack of stars for the service.
My mother and cousin were in town and we needed someplace to eat in the area at about 8pm on a Sunday. Options were limited. Neither of them are very adventurous eaters, but we finally went with Vietnam because a) it was open and b) it had a bar.
The waiter instantly rubbed me the wrong way. He came to get our drink orders about 2.5 seconds after we got our menus. Not OK since we were looking at the drink menu. When my cousin ordered a beer he tried to talk her into a (more expensive) martini. When she declined he convinced her to try another beer. Nothing wrong with that really, but no one who knows anything about beer would suggest a hefeweizen to someone who originally ordered a lager. To make it worse, he completely missed my beer order and I had to flag him down later to get the same beer my cousin had ordered.
After much hemming and hawing we decided to split four or five appetizers. The food came out amazingly fast and (after the runner grabbed a knife for my chopstick challenged mother) we dug in. The fam declared the pork a success while I enjoyed the fried tofu. The spring rolls were a bit hit or miss - the basil was a bit overpowering in both the meat and veg versions. The appetizer mix gave us a variety of sauces to choose from which was great. While some things were better than others, the food itself was tasty and filling without being heavy. Just what we needed.
Which brings me back to our server. First there was the beer mishap, then the hovering. See, while we debated our choices he proceeded to hover nearby and very obviously listen in on our conversations. Not cool. We've all worked in restaurants for a long time, so it was easy to spot the fact that he just wanted to get us out of there which, needless to say, detracted from the whole experience. Our food runner was pleasant and attentive, which was great since our actual waiter couldn't have cared less. Then came the absolute low point of the meal: the bill.
After a couple drinks before we went out and a glass of wine at dinner, my mom's mental math skills were fading. And, as a restaurant person herself, she always tips higher than most so the whole idea of 15% just doesn't work. So she had the money down for the bill itself and was debating a bit on the tip amount. Our waiter, again hovering, actually asked if she needed help. WHOA. Serious breach of protocol.
So, to sum up: Very nice decor (certainly the best in the area). Generally good food. Terrible service. A shame since I've been looking forward to eating here for a while, but our waiter was such a turn-off that I'm not going to rush back.Just visited Vietnam in their new digs just around the corner from the old place and it is gorgeous.  Food is still awesome, and now there is a full bar.  Who could ask for more?Food was really good here. I had the BBQ pork spring rolls and they were super fresh and light, just like I like them. The inside of the restaurant was very clean and nice and had Asian-y decor, which is really different than what I'm used to back home. I didn't really try anything else, but the crew was legit Vietnamese and I will def be back to try more!!Good service, impeccably clean bathroom and restaurant, wonderful and charming ambience and the food was just fantastic. The veggies were all fresh and the meats were excellent quality. I enjoyed it so much I can't wait to go back!I've walked past Vietnam Cafe many times, but I've never gone in until tonight. It's tucked away on a little square just off the main Baltimore strip.  From the outside, it doesn't look like much, but inside it's clean, cozy, and nicely decorated. It's not very big inside, but is still comfortable.
Our waiter was very polite, and catered to our very picky crowd. We were very well taken care of. Also, we got our food pretty quickly from the time we ordered it. 
Most importantly, though, the food was very good and plentiful. We ordered a bunch of entrées and shared them family style, so I got to sample several dishes. My favorite was the house special vermicelli, which seemed to have a little bit of everything. We also had the Crispy Spring Rolls as an appetizer, and they were pretty good too. 
Vietnam Cafe is a diamond in the rough. Go for the great food, pleasant atmosphere, and good service for a very reasonable price.One of my favorite places to eat in Philly, I come here often. . .as well as bring others too.  I usually get the pho sate and some bok choy on the side.  But I also love their lime chicken.  The inside of the restaurant is nice and it feels much more spacious and nice than the Chinatown location.  I've also gotten take-out.  With so many memorable meals here I wonder why I rarely have to wait for a table.Just had the chicken vermicelli -- twas delicious take out.I saw this place while I was on the trolley one day and just had to try it out. I got a bowl of Pho and... that was it. I asked the waiter about my teapot and he said we don't do the teapots. That killed my buzz instantly. The tea is ritualistic for me. I thought the drinks were overpriced so I held on to my money TIGHT! I don't flinch on drinks.
So the Pho was good... not great, but good. I also had BBQ pork rolls and those were great so much so I ordered some more to go. The bathroom was excellent. I was pleasantly surprised. The overall ambiance was really nice. I wasn't sure what to expect. I would like to go back there some time... but I don't know. I think the lack of teapots is a deal breaker. I've been spoiled on them by other Pho restaurants. In its defense the waiter said we're just a cafe. Eh...
It would make a great spot for a date.tried it once and was disappointed, but at the prompting of friends decided to give it another shot. big mistake.
the staff was rude, and hit that sweet spot of hovering so closely they may as well have sat down at the table, while simultaneously providing agonizingly slow service on basics like drinks and the check.
the food is mediocre at best, and costs about double what you will pay in any of the many other, better vietnamese restaurants in town. 
if you are looking for a relatively sterile, quiet place to hold your university city lunch meeting, would prefer everyone in the place is speaking english, and dont care about the food then this is the spot for you. if you want good vietnamese head elsewhere.Been here many times and I'm always impressed. Spring rolls are very good, Buns are very good, and I'm also a big fan of the grilled pork chops. Too bad the new location isn't BYOB, but the new location is one of the nicest (furniture, decorations, ambiance) in all UC. I also like this location better than their China City location. 
Also....the waitstaff is great; they're very attentive and always make you feel welcome.  I try to go here at least once a month.This is a great neighborhood restaurant with consistently delicious food.  We usually order takeout but when we have eaten in the restaurant, they have good, attentive service. All of the vermicelli dishes are good, but I usually get the tofu or the beef vermicelli.  Portions are large so it usually becomes two meals for me.  I also love the soups (wonton noodle, veggie noodle, & stewed beef).mmmmmmmmm.... very 'clean'food.  Seemed very healthy.  Had springrolls and a ricenoodle dish with many kinds of meats.  Seared, very good.  Fiance had a chicken dish that was sauteed in lime juice and garlic with brocolli.  Tasty.   
A previous reviewer said "what a neigborhood gem!"  I concur.  Very close to trolley line so easy to get to or even walk to, but they have a HUUGE parking lot, a luxury in Philly.  
Decor is phenomonal.  On a spring night with a breeze they open the windows on the porch and it is extremely pleasant.  Red walls and lots of woods to make you feel like you are in a more exotic place than West Philly.
As I was visiting a very special lady, I took her to several nice dinners and paid a mint.  Not at this place.  I believe our appetizer and two meals (with a drink and iced tea for each of us) was under 40 bucks.  Without the drinks it would have been @30.  Again, very affordable.
Possible con:  They do not like people using phones.  It is typed on their menu.  But this made a nicer atmosphere.  My Fiance and I are both FB addicts and I have begun trying to YELP as soon as I get to a place, but instead as you look around the restaurant, it takes you back.  Every table seems to have people engrossed in ACTUAL CONVERSATION WITH THE PEOPLE THEY ARE EATING WITH!  And their limitation does not seem to be a ban.  Before I saw the written rule, I was Yelping a check-in and concealing it from my date (we race to check in sometimes) and the waiter chuckled at me.  He knew, but he found it humorous versus dunking my Droid in my water.  I liked that.
Cons:  There are some?  You come eat here.  You find the cons!  I didn't see any.This is a high-quality Vietnamese place with an exceptionally nice sit-down atmosphere.  The menu is fairly extensive.  Prices are very reasonable, especially given the ambiance.  When the weather is warm, they open the windows wide and you get to enjoy the best of both worlds of being indoors and out.
There are places in town that you can get slightly more exciting food for a similar price.  There is nowhere in town that you can get a nicer atmosphere and nicer service, in my opinion, for anywhere near the price.
The food is not otherworldly, but it is fresh, light, and well-balanced.
I also found the service here to be unusually good.  Prompt, attentive, friendly, courteous.
This place is a real asset to the community.This is a really great place in University City.  I wasn't expecting much, but the decor is great, and the wait staff was attentive and friendly.  I ordered the #37 and was very happy.  I ended up getting the vietnamese coffee and the red bean ice cream for dessert too.  
I had a great experience and will definitely visit again soon.
Update: my new favorite dish is #22, the seafood soup, loaded up with the sriracha hot sauce.I am a big fan of the veggie rolls on vermicelli. Nice place with a classy atmosphere to bring friends.The smallest pho servings I have seen in my life! I had no idea pho can be served in these shot glasses. 2 peaces of meat!
I had to ask for water and was given dirty look. Toilet water, would not recommend to drink it to anyone. 
Never again coming back here...Beautiful.  Just beautiful.  
I went with a couple of friends.  The food was magnificent, though our waiter insisted that we place our orders at the same time (no ordering your appetizer before the main course, either.)  they seemed to be in a rush to close the kitchen that night, as well, which was a shame, as one of my friends was running late.  Other than that, though, our service was excellent.  The server was attentive and careful.
I ordered a pork dish, which I very rarely do, because pork seems to be so hit-or-miss at restaurants like these, and I was NOT in the mood for a miss.  I was in luck!  My dish was perfectly seasoned - savory, tangy, with hints of chili here and there--nothing short of exquisite.  Just writing about it makes me hungry.
The interior is elegant and minimalist.  Dark and polished.  Kinda sexy, but not totally hot.  The place is very small, though, so if you're going on a busy night, you might want to call ahead.Went to happy hour on a Thursday, and were among a handful of customers in the restaurant at the beginning. We started out being the only two people seated at the bar. Had a Chardonnay and pork spring rolls. Good service, but the vibe was non-existent.  Would still go back for a meal on a weekend, though.The only reason I continued eating was because I was trying to find something w some taste! The chicken curry was tan colored and looked like it came from a can.  No spice whatsoever.  1 star vs 0 stars because of good parking and clean rest room.  Food was awefulYum as usual! I, once again got number 31 Bun Thit Nuong (Pork Vermicelli.)  Hilary had her favorite number 37 Bun Dac Biet (House Special Vermicelli.)  The waiter had such class, he even called me Monsieur!  It was very pleasant.
I was really looking to try an authentic Asian drink called a rainbow milkshake.  Unfortunately they didn't have it.  I didn't ask if they could make it, I'm sure they would have tried.The food is almost always solid and you can park for free but it's not as good as 11th street. Benny stop raising your prices. It used to be inexpensive. It isn't any more.Really wish I could add more to this review. However, it's been said over and over and over again in the reviews prior. All you need to know about this place is #37. You won't need anymore :)
They also have some funky lime, soda sugar concoction that was pretty good, but can't say it was worth the $3.50 they charge for it. Service is superb. Quick to offer menu suggestions, keep your drinks filled, and even give you little tips on how to eat rice with chopsticks. Def worth the trip into West Philly on a cold winter night!They did a great job remodeling the place. But everything is overpriced and the the food is bland with little quality.
The pho was bland and there was only enough meat in it to feed a little mouse.
The service was questionable to say the least.
After taking my dates order the waiter asked me if I wanted the small size or the large, and then he remarked: "On second thought, nevermind...I know you want the large, Big Boy!"Hey, look at me, giving things second chances! I had a better experience this time, and I offer my tips for getting better service.
1) Go when it's busy, preferably on a Friday or Saturday night. It seems counter-intuitive, but the slower the business, the slower your service. It's worth waiting for 15 minutes for a table in order to feel like the belle of the ball once you sit down.
2) Be kind of annoying to your waiter(s). They don't really listen unless you ask for exactly what you want, when you want it. Flag them down if you have to. I have serious problems with being assertive to waiters, and usually I never even say anything when there's a mistake. Don't be like me!
3) If you get soup (Pho), it will NOT come with the stuff that the menu says it comes with! You'll get sprouts, hot peppers, and a lime wedge. (See my first review.) Before the waiter leaves, ask for hoisin, sriracha, basil and cilantro. THEN your soup will be delicious. If you don't ask, get ready for a delightful meal of vegetables floating in hot water. 
So, this place is hit or miss. Hope my tips help.Frankly the food was overpriced and not that interesting. We've had better for way cheaper. However the service/space/ambiance is great. I came back this second time hoping that it was just the pho that wasn't interesting, and that the entrees were amazing. Nope. We got the sweet & sour chicken and the beef curry. The beef curry was more thick/stocky than it was delish and flavorful, and the sweet & sour was just sort of "meh." Perhaps they bought sweet & sour chicken from Lucky's on Baltimore and scooped it onto one of their plates?
Bottom line:  Chef Ramsey should come in and really help clean up their menu. I'd watch that episode of Kitchen Nightmares.A very nice time at Dining Days. We had pork rolls with mint and papaya chicken for appetizer. Then roast pork over rice and chicken in peanut sauces with vegetables. Dessert was red bean ice ream and taro root in coconut milk. Solid waitstaff service, attentive food delivery and preparation, reasonable beer pricing, and a good value for the money. This would translate into a regular dining experience. Go here!A little more perfection in my new neighborhood. Most of the soups are perfect (seafood pho is a weakness of mine). Nothing is greasy or MSGy. The fresh spring rolls are the bomb. As good as any Vietnamese restaurant in San Francisco. Simply perfect.
Update: check out the new digs!I visited Vietnam Cafe for the second time with a friend late on a quiet evening when the restaurant was a little less than half full. We were seated promptly, and although there were tables available with space between them we were seated right next to some people and adjacent to the kitchen. I barely had enough room on the crowded bench for my jacket. Seemed a little weird that they'd cram us together when there was obviously plenty of room.
When I had been to the Vietnam Cafe previously, I let the waiter know I was a vegan and he pointed out 2 dishes on the entire menu, saying those were the only 2 vegan options. They were both Vermicelli dishes, one with Spring rolls on top, one with tofu. (Earlier reviews seem to indicated that they will tweak the dishes for vegetarians. I didn't have this same experience but I do have the feeling more is available for veggie people. However, I can only write about my own experience). This time, I said to the waiter that I had been there previously and had been told the vermicelli with Spring rolls is vegan as long as I ordered a soy sauce with it rather than the sauce it normally comes with. The waiter was very attentive and polite and said it would be no problem. My dining companion ordered the same dish but with the non-vegan side sauce. We ordered the sauteed Bok Choy with garlic as an appetizer to share. I'm glad I asked if it was vegan, he said it could be made vegan if they left out the oyster sauce. (The Vietnamese seem to put some kind of animal-based seasoning, sauce or something into almost all of their dishes, so it is admittedly hard to find a vegan dish here, which I expected).
The Bok Choy came out less than 10 minutes later, steaming and looking yummy. It was very good, extremely oily but very good, with big yummy chunks of garlic. Just as we were finishing the Bok Choy our vermicelli came out. Mine accompanied by soy sauce with scallions in it, and my friend's accompanied by a lighter looking sauce. (See photos I posted for this business for the two dishes with diff sauces). 
I am a picky eater and my friend is too. I've had a dish similar to this one at the Vietnam Restaurant in China town. It was delicious and I remember them having a variety of dipping sauces such as one with peanuts in it. These sauces really made the meal. This was before I was vegan, and I wonder how many of those sauces had animal product in them. I definitely felt a sugar rush after having them! Anyhow, we just had the sauces they gave us and I was wary of trying to ask for/describe a sauce that they either didn't have or that had animal product in it. So we just hunkered down to enjoy our meals. My noodles and Spring roll were pretty good with lots of soy sauce dumped on them (if not a little salty). My friend found his noodles to be cold (but didn't even tell me this til after we left) and thought the Spring rolls were kind of bland. I'm sure they were since he barely put any sauce on them. He didn't like the sauce that came with the Vermicelli (I smelled it, smelled like pig! What is it with pig sauces everywhere I go? lol). 
Overall, I would say the service is excellent, the ambiance is nice if you don't mind watching your elbows and not having too intimate of a conversation since there will be people sitting a foot and half away from you whether it's crowded or not. The food seems like it's pretty good, but I am so limited by what I can eat off of the menu that I'll never taste their best dish. Therefore my review is somewhat biased by my vegan limitations. I'm glad Vietnam Cafe is there, it's very convenient, I like the family and the way they run their businesses so far as I can see (they also own Fu Wah). I hope maybe they will add a special vegan dish to their menu at some point, something with interesting seasoning. If they do I will have to re-write this review. :)Great atmosphere, excellent waitstaff. I ordered the chicken rice vermicelli with a spring roll add on and I wasn't disappointed. The food came quickly, and was fresh and delicious. The portions were pretty large, and the price was reasonable ($13.45 before tax/tip). I will definitely come here again.I go here when I'm craving their vermicelli bowls. Their custom cocktails are really good, as well (but kinda overpriced). Would recommend for a small group on a Saturday night.We live in the neighborhood and have been going to this restaurant since it was a hole-in-the-wall next to the fu-wah. We actually think that the waitstaff is lovely and friendly, and always remember us when we come back. There is one (relatively new) waiter that can be a little overbearing and try to order for you, I'm guessing he's the one that everyone is talking about, but everyone else has always been wonderful to us.
The space they are in now is beautifully decorated and well kept-up. Their drinks are strong and delicious also. As for the food, our rule when going to the restaurant is to only order the vermicelli or the soups and appetizers. We have to agree that many of the other entrees can be bland, but the vermicelli (especially with the spring rolls, which are my favorite anywhere) is so good that we keep going back again and again. We've encouraged people to go back and only get the vermicelli, and now they're regulars too. Love it!The menu here is either very similar or identical to their menu in Chinatown.  I went with my standard, #37 - house special vermicelli and was not disappointed.  (Meat lovers, this dish is a must try!)  Service was very good.  They make some delicious cocktails, my favorite being the lemongrass martini.  I would recommend steering clear of the wine though...or at least the wines available by the glass.  I ordered a glass of the pinot grigio that was pretty bad.Very nice restaurant in changing neighborhood . The spring roll was great but my son and his partners vegetarianism probably slanted the outcome with tofu. The Pho was enjoyable and the atmosphere lovely. The pad Thai great as well as the noodle dish. The only issue I had was the air condition wasn't up to speed on a hit summer night. Will go again. Try itEvery bit as good as the (often very crowded) sister restaurant in Chinatown -- and by that, I mean marvelous!  Entrees are excellent, but it's the appetizers that really shine.  Here's what you do: for two people, order one each of the crispy spring rolls (lots of little bitty goodness), the ground beef roll, and the barbecue pork roll.  Yum!Have eaten here multiple times and the food is always fresh and flavorful. I am disappointed that they only serve bottled beer, given that they have a full bar otherwise.
I recommend the meatball appetizer, and the lemon pepper pork chops were delicious.
My most recent meal there was somewhat ruined, however, by the inadvertent (I assume) rudeness of the busboy clearing our table. My friend had finished half her meal and requested a box. I had finished mine, and while taking my plate, he said, "Wow, you did good with that! WOW, that was a LOT of food!"
Yeah. It's not what anyone wants to hear after enjoying a large meal. Made me want to vomit. No comments about anything are necessary while tables are being bussed, other than "May I take your plate?"
The management should instruct their staff never to comment on the amount of food a customer has consumed.Went here last night with family and enjoyed myself.I believe that I am open to all cuisine but for some reason Vietnamese food intimidates me. Maybe because I don't ever know what to order..I am totally confuzzled on my indecisiveness in regards to this type of cuisine so I avoid it. Two of my family members had dined there so their suggestions made my life simple. First we shared a plate of spring rolls...light airy crispy goodness...I could've just ate those by themselves. Secondly we shared another hefty plate of the salt and pepper shrimp...super large crispy not overcooked nor undercooked fried goodness..my daughter decided on black bean chicken served w/ rice and veggies a tad spicey for me but she enjoyed none the less. My cousin ordered the House special soup with vermicelli noodles meatballs ..beef..veggies..in a pork based broth..apparently she liked it b/c her bowl was completely empty. The place was lively..low noise..open and airy.The servers were attentive and the hosts were gracious. Im still intimidated tho.. Ill keep on trying new items..the Vietnam Cafe made it a tad more easier.Big fancy-looking restaurant with boring food. Waiters are cloyingly obnoxious. Vegetarians beware: they will try to feed you fish even after you explain your dietary needs. Vegans: ditto, only add eggs to the "look-out-cuz-these-guys-don't-get-it" list. Split the scene and go around the corner to Vientiane instead.This is a great place to go with some friends. There are tons of options and the ambience is pretty casual. The service is very good! I would definitely recommend the vermicelli house special. My friend got the pad Thai with chicken and he loved it! We also shared a beef carpaccio and that was very fresh and flavorful.Simply extraordinary!  Awesome staff who were very helpful!  Amazing shrimp and pork to die for!  Spring rolls also amazing as well as Vietnamese ravioli!  Even our 1 and 4 year old loved it!I ordered the Chicken Vermicelli as takeout from the reviews of Yelp and it was really good! The chicken was cooked in a very good seasoning and I loved the noodles paired with the peanuts and carrots. The dressing was a little too watery and was missing something so I opted to not pour it on my dish. 
We also got iced vietnamese coffee and it didn't taste like traditional vietnamese coffee. It tasted like artificial sugar and had a bitter aftertaste. 
The one thing you MUST try are the Crispy Spring Rolls. They are SO good.Yum. Went here twice in three days. Unfortunately, only got to try three dishes total, but I trust other dishes will be good when I return. Service is good. Ambiance is nice. Bathrooms are nice too.
-pork claypot (recommended to me by the server over the pork vermicelli): yum. I will upload a photo. I had this one twice...the first time there was more sauce than could be consumed with the amount of rice they give you (although I took my spoon to it, it's that good!), and the second time there wasn't enough sauce! Other than that, this dish is delicious. Just meat and rice and sauce. But the flavor is awesome.
-pork springrolls: DELICIOUS. I love Vietnamese spring rolls and these do not disappoint.
-basil shrimp: Really well-cooked shrimp. I actually didn't taste very much basil though...Regardless, had good flavor. Could've had more though I suppose.
-grilled shrimp w/ vermicelli: Yum. Also very tasty and well-cooked. I wasn't focusing on tasting the difference, but I did not taste much difference between the basil and grilled shrimp. I guess the grilled shrimp had more grilled flavor.
-Flaming Volcano (drink for two): I think that's what the name was. It's the first drink under the cocktail section. For $16, this was a pretty good deal. Think it had vodka, rum, gin, brandy, and maybe one more alcohol. And then the last ingredient is "fruit juice." Ha! Not a fan of the ambiguity but whatever. It was tasty. And strong. And big. 
((Also...Note to self for next time: don't be a drunk dumbass and drink the liquid that is in the little hole in the middle of the drink that the flame was set on...it's pure vodka. And not good quality. Clearly. Oops.))
Give this place a try! I'm also confused as to the relationship between this place and Grill Fish Cafe next door. When we went here the second time, the hostess had on a Grill Fish Cafe shirt. Anyways. Random side note.Fantastic atmosphere, great food, and awesome service! Can't really ask for more out of a Vietnamese cuisine joint. Recommend taking a trip out to west Philly to try some authentic food!as far as vietnamese goes, this is one of the best finds in philly.  i like it even better than their sister restaurant, vietnam - probably mostly for its more modern ambiance, food's about the same.  tofu vermicelli is just excellent... some weird lime soda thing was also delicious, and a perfect accompaniment to too-much-sriracha situations.Southwest Philly, PA
Two stars for pho soup base. (Remember my taste is different than yours. You should still try them.) 3.75 stars for the pretty atmosphere and window seating. I was reminded of Vietnam even though I've never been there. (Yeah Im partially Viet and never been to Vietnam.) Small size pho's are perfect for me. More of a chill out place if I go back. Too many food allergens on the menu for me.Every time I eat here I'm disappointed. Bland food, cocky waitstaff, not much variety, and they don't really seem to care about vegetarians. Nice decor, but that's not what I'm paying for when I go out to eat. Better to head around the corner to Vientienne if you want noodles or rice.The boyf and I went here for University City's Dining Days tonight ($15/person for an appetizer, entree, and a dessert?! STFU!). I'd been before, but my first experience was kinda... ok?
But I like second chances. And I freaking love cilantro. So, Vietnam Cafe was our choice for dinner!
A few days ago, I left a question on Vietnam Cafe's facebook wall asking if any desserts were vegan (I'm one of THOSE people), and I was informed that they all contain dairy. Oh well. No dessert for me, but I could at least still have a cheap dinner!
Upon arriving, our waiter informed me that the 3 pudding desserts were, in fact, vegan. I took the risk!
But first, let's start with appetizers. I got the fried tofu (ask for vegan dipping sauce!), and it was pretty good. I mean, the tofu was fried perfectly and the sauce was great, but the tofu tasted like... just that. Tofu.
For my entree, I got the vermicilli rice noodle dish topped with fried spring rolls and crushed peanuts. It was a LOT of food. The spring rolls were pretty good... but still, some flavour was missing. Some umph! Some salt! Some peppers! Some soy sauce! Something... I'd eat it again, sure. I have the left overs downstairs. It wasn't bad, it just wasn't AWESOME.
Of course, since our waiter told us there are vegan dessert options, I go the taro pudding (taro + rice + coconut milk, served hot). So simple, SO GOOD. SOOOO GOOD.
I didn't think the service was slow at all, but we went at a 4 o'clock on a Sunday. Our waiter was super nice! 
And 100+ bonus points for the prettyfullness of the restaurant.This place is super well-decorated. Love the ambiance. Every time I come here, I always make note of the decor.The whole red lighting with cool light fixtures and lanterns really work. It's definitely a step up from the stereotypical Vietnamese restaurants one would come across. And, the service is frigg'n awesome. love it. 
The food is pretty good as well. I can't say I'm a huge fan though, but I think they're fairly priced. It's one of those things where... there's nothing wrong with your dish, but it just doesn't leave an impression -- but you can't pinpoint what's wrong with it. 
I tend to enjoy coming here for the ambiance. Oh, and the flaming volcano. :)I give this restaurant 5 stars for their ambience and service. The restaurant is pretty, full of windows, open while remaining intimate, and comfortable;  the service is absolutely impeccable-- someone else mentioned being treated like royalty and i must agree wholeheartedly and offer up my personal proof that even with gaps of months between visits, these waiters remember me (and my drinking habits) and manage to mock me politely and quite hysterically the entire time I am there (and occasionally, according to friends, even when I am not).
I give this restaurant 1 star because the food is always pretty when served but doesn't always taste so great . (for example, I found their chicken-- in several different incarnations-- to have been pretty dry most times). I admit to knowing someone who was a mere four numbers away from having ordered and eaten every single food-item on the menu when they re-did it and he had to start all over again (at the time of re-menu-ing, there were something like 69 or 75 foods and 88 or 90 numbers?). Although it seemed  a challenge to do, the challenge of picking which was the first one he'd order again when done the circuit  turned out to be bigger, (which also says a lot about the food to me, too). I treat it like tapas now and stick to combinations of appetizers when i must...
I give this restaurant 5 stars for the quality of their drinks but 3 stars for the prices-- for an average of 4 stars. They have awesomely huge mug specials that my friends all love, like the Flaming Volcano, Angry Bachelor, Drunken Maiden, etc. (I don't even remember if those are the right names but the mugs are cool) but for me, what makes Vietnam Cafe stand out is that they offer the consistently best Amaretto Sours I have ever had in my life and keep my hand filled the entire time I am there. (I love a good, crisp amaretto sour more than anything in the world). If they ever sink so low as to have Phillies games on at the bar, I might just rent a stool. 
so, in the end I find that 10 total stars divided by 3 aspects is actually 3 1/3 stars for the whole experience. I want to give them more, but I feel like it would only deserve more if it were a bar, which it's not, so... since it IS a restaurant and I have yet to find a go-to, consistenty good meal to order there, the vietnam cafe is stuck with a hard-earned 3 from me.Never a bad meal here with quite the kick of heat if asked for. I've never had an issue with the service.  The restaurant is spacious and inviting.  This is truly a gem in the neighborhhod and if you want Vietnamese food, this is the place to go!The highlight of the meal was my lemongrass martini. If the highlight was the martini - need I say more?  It was $10 which is way overpriced for the restaurant and for the area.  But it was UC Dining Days and dinner was $15 each so I can't complain. 
Vietnam Cafe has a very nice atmosphere: lively and clean.  Food was acceptable.  Since we went for UC Dining Days, we were able to try a variety of dishes on the menu.  The veggie spring rolls and tofu rolls to start were good choices.  The tofu rolls were not friend and served at room temperature. They had a very clean and fresh taste.  The spring rolls were fried and reminded me of egg rolls from a typical Chinese restaurant.  For dinner we ordered the vermicelli with meatballs and the crispy noodles with tofu and vegetables.  My husband said that that vermicelli with meatballs were very good but tasted like steak.  On the other hand, I would not recommend the crispy noodles with tofu.  The vegetables were mushrooms, cauliflower, carrots, and tofu.  The crispy noodles were a pile of crispy noodles that you could not pull apart.  
Service was mediocre. They brought the entrees out before we were finished the first course. Then we sat for awhile after the second course with dirty plates and empty glasses.  So we were waiting for them to come by to order another drink.  Timing was just off, which I don't expect from a place with such high reviews. 
All in all - I would go back but, I wouldn't go out of my way to go back.Of all the Vietnamese places I have ever had... This is my favorite!!! A cute, festive find in west philly! The food is amazing! My favorites are the crispy spring rolls appetizer (huge-enough to share), pho bo kho (red broth with beef brisket and noodles), and the house special vermicelli (has meatballs, meat, chicken, and spring rolls)! The wonton soup is also delicious and you can even have it with noodles! Great place for a date night (it's cute inside and they have great drinks - beer and cocktails) or great for takeout! Also a plus for the city... There's a parking lot! Highly recommend this place!What a neighborhood gem!
Good pho. Good food overall. The restaurant offers a full menu of Vietnamese food and full bar with beautiful cocktails.
This may have been the most elegantly decorated vietnamese restaurant i've seen.  
Great pricing on food.  I don't want to give price comparisons in case the management gets ideas but take advantage before they start charging more to cover their renovation costs! ;-)Food is not as good as it used to be. Ordered two different meals. Over salted each time... couldn't eat either. Service is decent but did not matchIt's okay. Solid. Nothing fantastic. A little overpriced. I haven't had a bad meal there, but it wasn't terribly memorable. The indoor look of the place is a little odd, it's not what you'd expect. Everything is very slick and stylish, with dark wood and red accents. It's a little small, the tables all pushed together, and that's not really necessarily what I'm looking for.
I'll probably go back. It's convenient, and not too bad, kind of unmemorable.Enjoyed the bbq platter appetizer (pictured) which was tasty but forming the rolls yourself  was frustrating. 
Their curry dish is well balanced but the vermicelli noddle dish I had (fried spring rolls) was uninspiring.We found the service, food and atmosphere all outstanding.
We went early in a Saturday night, which was a good thing since they filled up quickly.  When crowded service continued to be excellent.
Good for groups, romance and families at an affordable price.   Easy street parking.Pho was good! The large size was the perfect portion! The only downside to this restaurant was stage service. It was a busy night but we waited almost 10min after we sat down just to be noticed by the waiter.Contrary to normal Vietnamese restaurants I've been to, Vietnam Cafe sports a fancy, clean interior design. They have a lot of open space which provides a comfortable dining environment. I came here with a large group of 17 and they were able to easily accommodate us even though it didn't seem like they had many large tables. We had come at 12 when they opened so it wasn't too busy either. I personally had ordered the beef brisket pho and it definitely ranks as one of the top pho noodles I've ever had. It has a minimally oily, clear broth coupled by a clean taste. While the noodles were ever so softer than I like them to be, they tasted fresh and remained as smooth, individual strands. While I didn't taste the rice dishes that others in my party had tried, they smelled of rich smokiness and crispness. I would love to come back again to try their other options.Delicious, consistent food and consistently friendly, solicitous service. The sampler platter is a family favorite, and can easily be a great meal for two. Prices are reasonable. I love their bok choy. For complaints, it's hard to find any, but maybe one could wish that their beer offerings were a little broader or more interesting.I found this place on GrubHub and ordered Pho.... OMG! Unbelievable! 
I only wish they kept the online orders open more often because every time I've tried to re-order from this place, they don't accept them.I am OBSESSED with Vietnam Cafe. I live in West Philly and go there at least once a week. You cannot go wrong here- everything is delicious! My favorites are the spring roll appetizers and the chicken vermicelli (number 36 I believe). With the new expansion, they are much larger than before and getting a table is never a problem. They wait staff is always friendly and helpful. This is a great place to celebrate an event, take a date or just go for dinner.Really cool and surprisingly large restaurant in an unsuspecting location. My buddy and I started with 2 iced coffees which were great but ridiculously sweet as they come with sweetened condensed milk (good for the tastebuds, bad for the waistline).  We shared an appetizer of the pork meatballs and then each had a vermicelli bowl. I went with the chicken and a spring roll, he has the steak and spring roll bowl. Now looking back I feel like a big fatty...thats a lot of food. Next time I go back I'll try the pho, I just never think that's going to be enough food. Ambiance was nice, waiters attentive, maybe a little too attentive actually. There's a parking lot behind the restaurat as well. Check it out!I wanted to like this place, but it was just "eh." It's nice to have a Vietnamese option on West Philly, but just drive the extra distance to South Philly if you really want good food. I was disappointed with the vermicelli noodle bowl,  just not a lot of flavor. 
This place always seems busy, so apparently people like it. I'll stick to my favs in SP.I went here for the first time last night and it was phenomenal. I love Vietnamese food and this was certainly some of the best. I ordered Crispy Spring Roll Vermicelli. Not only were the spring rolls amazing and not to heavy, the vermicelli was refreshing. My friend ordered their chicken curry which was some of the best curry I've ever sampled. We're coming back next week! 
I also fell in love with the decor. They have a beautiful burnout-velvet floor lantern in their waiting room that I HAVE to have. I've been trying to find something similar online ever since I saw it. Where did you guys purchase your decor???Excellent food and atmosphere, although I would not recommend the beef wrapped in grape leaves.Mmmm.....Vietnam Cafe is such a fantastic new discovery!  Once again, it's all thanks to Yelp.  
The restaurant is located in a part of town that I don't frequent, but it's very easily accessible and parking is a cinch.  The restaurant is small; the first time we went, there was a 10 minute wait for a table.  The space is utilized well--there is a table in the front that can be used when waiting, but said table can also be used to seat parties of 4 (we were a party of two, but I've seen parties of 4 seated there).  The main dining room is slightly dark, with lovely decor.  Service is variable, but the food is really, really good.  Their spring rolls (can't remember the official menu name) are among the best I've ever had.  Every pork dish I've tried was delicious.   One strike out: some of the noodles in my shrimp noodle dish were somewhat gummy.  I consoled myself with my boyfriend's chicken basil garlic, which was in some sort of dark, slightly sweet, irresistible sauce.
In summary, this place is highly recommended.  It is BYOB, although if you don't feel like drinking, they serve wonderful Vietnamese iced coffee.This Pho was Sooo delish! They also provided additional sprouts and jalapeños to kick it up! As an appetizer we enjoyed the fried shrimp and spring rolls! Everything was served super hot so you know it was prepared fresh! I thoroughly enjoyed and will be back!I had the grilled chicken over rice. The dish wasn't that flavorful. The restaurant is beautiful and of the highest quality, I wish the food was the same way. It seems like they used the same supplier as any whitewall chinese  takeaway. The sauces tasted like they came out of a can. Take a ten minute drive over the grays ferry bridge and get proper vietnamese food for half the price, highly  disappointed.This is an awesome Vietnamese restaurant! They have Great lunch deals which include an appetizer, a main dish, and a dessert for a very reasonable price! The ingredients they use are very fresh and I found the service to be great. Definitely a great spot to check out in West Philly if you're looking for a good ambience and great food!What a hidden gem!
Great ambiance, good service, lovely decoration. Food was reasonably priced and tasty.I love this place. It's a shame it's out by my work because I can never get there for dinner. 
I almost always get the sweet and sour tofu. It's my favorite. You get a lot of food. The Vietnamese coffee is great. Not so sweet like other places. 
Great service, great atmosphere. They also have alcohol if you're into it. You can get take out.Well, it's fried noodles and tofu or chicken broken-rice for me.  Both solid choices but nothing mind-blowing.  Have been coming here for two years now, have not had a bad dining experience.  Service is friendly and prompt, head dude remembers me when I come in.  Great local spot.
Actually prefer the pre-renovation space.  Agree that it is a little expensive for what you get, which is part of the reason for less than perfect review.  Otherwise a nice place to go for dinner.West Philly IS. NOT. MY. Scene. so when we were wondering around on the hottest day of the year looking for some place to eat I was scurred.  
Vietnam Cafe, owned and operated by the same folks as my beloved Vietnam in Chinatown,  delivered hardcore.  I had the tofu vermicelli and there was so much food that my lunching companion had to finish it up for me.  It was delicious.   Service was really good as well.  There was some little asian kid who loudly and proudly (and falsely) exclaimed that he just got out of Juvie and that pants wetting lollercoaster made my afternoon.We moved to West Philly about six months ago and Vietnam Cafe is always a favorite when looking to go out for a nice bite to eat. Quiet atmosphere and really good food. The wait staff are not always the most attentive, but the price is right for the quality and quantity of delicious food they offer.I usually get the rice with pork chops when I come here.  Its always pretty good.  My only gripe might be the price.  Having been to the original restaurant, the price of their entrees/apps have really increased over the years.Oh man, this place oozes with class.
West Philly does not have many destinations for dining with a stylish, hip decor - particularly along the Baltimore Avenue corridor - so the Vietnam Cafe is a welcome addition to the scene.
I've always been a regular at Fuh Wah for their tofu hoagies and other assorted goodies, due in part to the proximity to my office - so I knew any restaurant affiliated with the same family had to be good.
And that it was.  The spring rolls were delicious - they even cut them into smaller pieces that were easier for sharing.  The summer rolls, a personal favorite of mine, were also nothing short of fresh and tasty - my only complaint would be that they were a bit on the small side, in contrast to the gigantic summer rolls you can get at any of the Green Line Cafes from O'Sandwiches.
We all ordered a variation of the vermicelli dish, chicken for me, pork and beef for the others.  The meat was prepared deliciously - the chicken not too dry, the pork crispy, and the beef plain old yummy.  Piled on a big bowl of vermicelli and lettuce, it was complemented perfectly with the dressing.
Attentive service - yummy food - and a sexy ambiance - this place is perfect for a date or girls' night out.This place is so so so good. Especially the crispy spring rolls, they are the utmost. The appetizer sampler is awesome and cones with rice paper wrappers that you dunk in water to make your own rolls--fun! They have tiki drinks that come in fun cups, they are a bit hit or miss but unfortunately I can't remember the names of the good ones, though they have a huge one meant for sharing that is pretty good. My dad swears by their margaritas. Entree-wise the clay pot chicken is amazing as is the shaking beef. Not sure what they mean by shaking but it's absolutely delicious! I can also wholeheartedly recommend the house special vermicelli  Nice atmosphere, good service, what more could you want?my favorite restaurant in west philly! it's super spacious inside and even has parking available in the back. i've never tried the pho here but that's because I'm very loyal to one dish: the house special vermicelli!
it comes in a generous portion with a little bit of everything on top - my favorite is the crispy spring roll! they must use a different kind of batter or wrap when they fry it because it has this really chewy, addicting texture that i've never seen before in other vietnamese restaurants. so delicious!We've been wanting to dine here for some time, but because they don't take reservations, and we don't like to wait, we made several attempts and left rather than standing in line. Finally we timed our approach well and got a table (for 2) instantly. Service was good although not great. 
But the food was fabulous and the atmosphere really wonderful.
We had the grilled squid appetizer and it might truly have been the best squid I've ever had in many years of searching for a great preparation of squid.
The price was right too. I recommend this place!
I suggest that they start taking reservations!So solid.  Fresh produce and meats in the dishes, nothing limp with beautiful colors and fresh flavors.  Huge portions.  Quiet space, at least compared to more American tap-style places.  Great vermicelli plates with the classics - squid, pork rolls, chicken, etc.  The won ton soup was the best I've ever had.  Delicious broth, flavorful but not overpowering.  A tasty mai tai.I enjoyed my last visit to Vietnam Cafe.
Spring rolls are tasty & are fried to a nice crisp.
Sweet & sour traditional fish soup (canh chua ca) is very flavourful and comforting.  Love that tangy flavour!  You can ask for it to be served with some bun/vermicelli to make a meal of it.
I wouldn't recommend the Shrimp Basil (tom toi que).  Shrimp was overcooked, broccoli seemed undercooked, and the dish was so-so.Place was great. Wife and I were meeting a friend and we in the restaurant for like 4 hours on a busy saturday night. Service was very accommodating and the food was decent. We got the claypot fish a bunch of appetizers and a bowl of seafood pho for 3 ppl.
I must had my water refilled like 11 times...Better than I was expecting for a non mom-&-pop Vietnam restaurant. The atmosphere is beautiful, clean & comfortable for dates. The veggie spring rolls were indeed amazing & the broth in the seafood pho was to die for. Also, great tea & good service. Definitely worth a revisit.I've been here for fancy dinner cocktails before. You walk in and you know this is some high end Vietnamese place - which I'm not very used to, coming from South Philly Vietnamese style restaurants that are much more laid back/ a little dirtier/ where the food is cheaper.
The main thing I did notice though was that all their waiters are middle aged, well built, with very cool gelled Asian hairstyles; whom were all super friendly, nice and chatty. They have a few drinks that they recommended our table where "you'll get your money's worth"
Their portions are actually like a real Asian meal portion where they serve in Asia. Therefore to me the prices were a little higher for their smaller portion. I had their Tom Yum chicken noodle soup with egg noodle. It was a good portion that is different from regular after effects of when I do eat a huge a** South Philly pho bowl style. Props for that. 
I came back again and had their beef brisket mixed vegetable pho. Excellent! Brisket was tender. Beef brooth was excellent too. I like that this place do have a variety of broths unlike most pho places where they serve everything in one broth. 
They have really cute lamps, and bathroom is top dog!This place looks a lot better than what was here before, but I did not expect it to be this cool looking inside.  I will start with the one negative thing that has caused me problems before - they close I think at 9 which is usually when we get the idea to come here for drinks and stuff.  Anyway, the food here is good, the soups nice and well salted and if you come here for dinner you will probably be pleased with the food.  The drinks are also very good here.  The plum wine is something I had never had before I came here and it was sweet and light, I liked it a lot.  The drink that everyone talks about though, is the volcano, at least I think that's what it's called, and if you mention it to the waiters I'm sure they'll know what you're talking about because it's the only drink on the menu for TWO!  It's very good and everyone at the table will be amused because the mixed drink comes in a huge bowl with straws and little umbrellas and with a shot of 151 in the middle ON FIRE!  Ok so I've covered the drinks and food, now the service.  The staff here is friendly, attentive, but at the same time laid back.  They have a bunch of pretty young dudes and they get around really quickly to a lot of tables, and the several times that I have been here I have been impressed.  One time I dropped a fork, and I guess someone must have heard it because I had a new one brought to me.  Another time I had to use my napkin when I just came in and someone brought me a new one right away.  This is the kind of attention that makes me smile and think damn this is some good service.  Oh and how about this, when you say excuse me please but could we please split the bill they don't make it look like it will be a huge burden on them - awesome!  P.s. We have gotten carded here before.  Also, beautiful paintings on the walls.  And the ladies room, at least, has a dyson hand dryer from the future.If you want the full Vietnam Cafe experience, you have to get the Flaming Volcano (for two).
A stupendous concoction of alcohol (including a flaming shot of 151), this drink, if not consumed with food, might just knock you off your feet. If you feel like something lighter, the plum wine is super tasty.  
Take notice that LAST DRINK is served at 9 so get there early if you plan on cocktails. 
Besides drinks, I  also highly recommend eating here. The food, while nothing revolutionary, is prepared well and tastes great. There's a variety of food available at a range of prices. I especially enjoy the Clay Pots and their Pho. 
The atmosphere at Vietnam Cafe is really very nice. One of my favorite things about it is actually the hand dryer in the bathroom, which has nothing to do with food, but is a good conversation piece to discuss with your fellow diners. The bar is well designed and there is enough dining space available to accommodate large parties. 
Vietnam Cafe is a great place to come every so often, especially with friends or for a celebration.The Vietnam cafe has great food, attentive servers and reasonable prices. All around it is a great place to dine!I can't believe it's been over two years since my original review (back when it was still located in the cramp space that's now occupied by its sister restaurant Grill Fish Cafe).  
I've been back here a couple times, and have enjoyed it each time.  Service is still great, and so is the food.    Maybe I'm just a pig, but if the portion sizes were a bit larger, I would bump this up to 5 stars.  I'm normally still hungry after an appetizer and entree...sometimes even after a dessert!  However, I would not say the portion sizes are small, I'm just a big eater.We shared 3 dishes: Muc Nuong Xa (Grilled Squid), Bun Dac Biet (House Special Vermicelli), and a fish special. The crispy spring roll component of the vermicelli was the highlight of the meal although everything else was good, just not amazing. I would definitely opt for Grill Fish around the corner when wanting Vietnamese in this area.The new space is absolutely beautiful!  Love the food and the staff, many of whom have been around since I started going to the previous location pre-rehab.  Everything is always fresh and delicious.I love this place!  The advice I give to people when they go here is, it's a vietnamese restaurant, so make sure you order the vietnamese food!  Sure there's sweet and sour chicken and things like that, but DON'T ORDER THEM.  
The tofu rolls and crispy pork spring rolls are AMAZING.  Whenever I bring anyone here I insist they try them because (depending if you want fried meat or fresh veggie) they're both really fresh and flavorful.  
Out of the soups, I say, PHO BO KHO (stewed beef noodle) ALL THE WAY.  Oh my god, it is so delicious that I have no joke ordered it once every week since January.  Make sure you add the lime and basil!! The broth is so flavorful and has a little tomato paste or something like that to give it depth.  Yes there are some parts of the beef in here not commonly seen in American cuisine (cartilage and the like) but I just pick it out and keep going because wow it is incredible.
The vermicellis are all delicious, especially the house vermicelli which has around four-five different meat options on top.  Make sure you pour a lot of the nuoc nam sauce on top (basically a sweet, lemony, salty sauce).
If you want a more "american asian" option, try the lime chicken.  Even though it's fried, it's still pretty tasty.
All in all, stick to the vietnamese basics! Pho, vermicelli, etc.  these guys deliver!!
The service is always really nice and great (I love Tammy!), the decor is really cool, and when it's warm out they open the windows and it's like you're sitting outside.
One note, the alcohol isn't cheap so I wouldn't count on having a lot if you want to keep your prices down!What this place lacks in appellative creativity it more than makes up for in scrumptious food and a classy atmosphere. 
This (and its sister Vietnam Restaurant in Chinatown) is the reason I love Vietnamese food. The food always tastes fresh and high-quality. I'd been eating pho forever, but their vermicelli and broken rice dishes are way better than pho (I'm sure their pho is good too). Their appetizers are great as well; I've actually never eaten anything here that I didn't like. The atmosphere is much more tasteful than your average Asian restaurant, making it a nice inexpensive place to bring a date or your family. Also, their West Philly Dining Days deal is a total steal.The restaurant is more of a fusion one, rather than authentic Vietnamese cuisine. However; the food overall is good. We ordered "Beef Carpaccio", "Crispy Duck", and "Fish Claypot". 
The beef was tasty, but it's prepared in accordance with more modern interpretation than traditional dish (originally, it was supposed to have so much lime juice that the meat was cooked partially). What I enjoyed most about this dish is how the restaurant sprinkles Vietnamese coriander on top, it is a refreshing touch to the beef. 
There's no complain about the duck, crispy and succulent. The dipping sauce has appropriate balance of fish sauce and other ingredients.
The fish is like how I would expect, saucy and goes exceptionally well with rice. It could have been perfected by using fish steak instead of big fish chunks!Please don't go to this restaurant if you are actually a Vietnamese food lover, or know anything about Vietnamese food. Actually, don't go here at all if you are venturing into the cuisine and are a newbie. It will be a horrible first impression! The entire experience was incredibly disappointing and  such a travesty to Vietnamese chefs, both home and professional, I wonder how they stay in business. We had the noodle dishes, fish clay pot, and papaya chicken salad, and everything was either too salty or completely flavorless. The broth for the pho was basically water with fish sauce, and the egg noodle soup was something a teenager could make in her kitchen with some packaged ramen and sriracha sauce. The catfish clay pot was overloaded with garlic and broke into pieces upon being picked up. The rice was old and dried out, and the rice paper that came with the appetizer was a giant mesh of unseparated congeniality. The food was overpriced and an affront to all genuine viet restaurants everywhere. The amazing herbs, fresh greens, citrus tones that make this cuisine remarkable are all missing from this place. Please, for the sake of your pockets and taste buds, do NOT go here.Not being experienced in Vietnamese food I was satisfied but not thrilled by the food.  The vegetarian options were good, but there were not enough that I would eat there regularly.  The value is good, however, and the spring rolls are a must.I would give this place 3.5 stars but yelp doesn't let me haha. There are better Vietnamese food options and restaurants in my opinion just 10 minutes drive away on Washington ave across grays ferry for slightly cheaper and better quality and quantity.  I think though because this Vietnamese restaurant does a good job catering to the diverse population of West Philly, it is able to thrive despite the average food and drink quality and quantity in my opinion.  
Safe bets for any Vietnamese food restaurant is their pho noodle soups, vermicelli rice bowls, and spring/summer rolls. Enjoy!So I went back yesterday night after a long weekend of gas station bits, and catered wedding food. I was hungry for something good and I had the BBQ platter on my mind. It has been talked up on Yelp and through the grape-vine so I had high expectations for said platter. 
The BBQ platter did not disappoint. At all. It was phenomenal. My s.o. and I split this enormous meal. It was more then enough food for the two of us. It came with these delightful crispy spring rolls, vermicelli, lettuce for wrapping, chicken, beef stuffed grape leaves, rice wraps, some veggies, and these meat sticks. Man it was great. It was presented well, smelled of heaven, and tasted like glory.
The atmosphere in this tiny little restaurant is what other places wanting a 5 star rating should model themselves after. Everyone is super friendly, the décor is beautiful, the bathrooms are clean, and the wait wasn't even an issue. 
You've earned your 5th star Vietnam Café. You've earned it well. So well that I may have to go and re-evaluate my other 5 star ratings...I went here on a date after hearing really good things about it. The decor was beautiful and the food was excellent. I wish they had a longer imported beer section for my friend but they had the usual domestic beers so that was fine.
I really liked the set up as well. It was a restaurant, lounge, and bar all in one; for the crowd just getting off work (although I can't imagine it being a spot for non-Penn professors since that's the only thing around there). 
Oh, and the servers was pretty attentive, unlike other foreign-foods spots. There was this one waiter that made sure we had our water without being too hype about it. They also spoke enough English to joke around with us. 
They even have really nice bathrooms. That's always a plus in my book.Four words; "House Special Noodle Bowl" that's all you need for a good meal.  I've flirted with other items on their menu, and they were all excellent, but I always come home to my HSNB.  If you want to try a little of everything, HSNB.  If you want everything but can't possible eat it all, HSNB.
With two locations, and HSNB there is no going wrong.This was our first time. We went to an event in the neighborhood and among the recommended restaurants this one had the best  reviews on Yelp. 
We were not disappointed.  We had the vermicelli with shrimp (#33) and lemon grass chicken on broken rice (#28). We opted for the regular and veg spring rolls.  I had the Vietnamese coffee. 
All were excellent and we will definitely go again.
-------------------
We went again with a friend and all agreed this is a terrific place for lunch.Definitely agree with others who have recommended the house special vermicelli!  Very tasty!  Also, they give you a pretty huge portion, which I probably shouldn't have eaten all in one sitting, but it was just too good to stop.  
The service was also excellent.  My water glass was never less than half full.  All in all, it was a great dining experience.  Relaxing, clean atmosphere, a very attentive staff, and really tasty food.They serve adequate Vietnamese food, but it is on the rustic and boring side.  The appetizer platter was adequate, but stronger in presentation than it was in taste.  The seafood claypot, which looked like it might be one of the more interesting and flavorful dishes, was basically big chunks of mediocre (and sometimes overcooked) seafood in a hot, one-note ginger broth.  Not bad for a weeknight meal or a gathering place, but it's not the kind of place I'm going to pine for.  Or remember.A couple friends and I had dinner at this West Philly restaurant.  I've eaten at many Vietnamese spots, mainly low-key, takeout dominated spots.  This place has lots of seating & a great looking aesthetic, so we dined in.  Early in the week, there was still a decent crowd, but food still came out quickly.
We got a couple chicken dishes and the pork clay pot for entrees.  The pork was the best, excellent flavor and seasoning to it.  We did our best to scoop up all of the remaining juice in the pot, yum.  Meanwhile the chicken was very average, the spice level was far too mellow.  Though the meat was tender & cooked just right.  No alcohol was ordered and just 1 piece of chocolate cake was ordered for us to split.  
For a casual dinner out w/o alcohol, the bill was too expensive.  Because of that, it will be a long time before we possibly return.  If your preference in spice level leans towards mild & you spend freely, you will likely love it.I love this place. I seriously find myself fantasizing about their crispy veggie spring rolls in the middle of the day. I've finally found my perfect dish - I get the vermicelli with the crispy spring rolls AND have them add tofu. 
The service here is top notch - run by one of the friendliest families in Philadelphia. I've only been about 4 times, but already they remember that the BF and I NEED to secret chili oil sauce - they bring it out without even asking.  The decor is modern and clean, and  you always feel special for getting a spot. Because the turnover is pretty rapid - that food comes out FAST, the wait is never long. The bathrooms lovely, and it BYOB. AND they staff really do appreciate neighborhood business, and they show it. 
As a vegetarian, the menu can look a little low on options but the staff is VERY accommodating. They'll substitute anything for anything, and even give suggestions about how to make a dish more vegetarian-delicious. Oh yeah, and they're open on Sunday night, which has seriously saved my ass more than a few times when cooking just wasn't an option.Food is bland and too much msg! Overhyped and too modernized it doesn't taste authentic enough for it to even pass as a mediocre Vietnamese restaurantHuge disappointment!  Interior was nice and clean, but that's about all I can say for this place. This place is obviously for people who do not eat Viet food often or care for authentic Viet food.  The bf and I shared an appetizer (beef stuffed grape leaves) and 2 entrees (lemon grass beef soup and pork claypot), however we both left hungry.  The soup was the smallest portion I've ever seen.  If there was an extra-small portion, I'd imagine it'd look like that.  A little further drive into chinatown we could have gotten the same food for tastier, bigger, cheaper and faster.   Needless to say, this place left a lot to be desired.Simply awesome, we've been 3 times and each had something different each time (family of 4) and everything has been so great we keep going out of our way to come back!  Go, you won't regret it!My boyfriend took me here for my b'day dinner and we are now hooked! We ordered the spring rolls which were fried perfectly crispy. My beef noodle soup was spicy and oh so flavorful. He ordered the chicken lemon grass soup and it was also flavored perfectly. The ambiance and service was also on point. First but definitely not the last time we'll be having dinner here.Pros: good decor and atmosphere, nice and attentive servers
Cons: TERRIBLE FOOD!!! Inauthentic and disgrace to Vietnamese culture. 
Our family of seven came here on a Monday night and we were excited to try some Vietnamese food. Our first impression of the restaurant was good despite the empty tables with only four patrons for dinner service. We were immediately seated and noticed the menu had a nice selection of traditional dishes. However, once their servers brought out our dishes, nothing was edible. None of us could finish our dishes because it was either too bland or was too salty or too disgusting to eat. I had to return my fish claypot which is one of the easiest dishes the chef can make. Additionally, the bill came out wrong and they charged us for a plate of sliced onions. Classless act, charging for a plate of onions that normally comes free with pho in any other restaurant! By far one of the worst food experiences I have ever had.everything here is on point.
service: fantastic
food: amazing and (as i'm told) very authentic. there's a pretty diverse menu with items ranging from standard to almost unusual. i think there's something for even the most picky of eaters here. i mean, everybody likes rice, right?
bar: full and stocked
cards accepted:  you betcha
kids: welcomed
ambiance: nice without being stuffy
space: well designed so that you're not eating with the next table over
catering: sure thang
price: more than reasonable
wait time: nah, no need for that
parking lot: somehow, yes
bike parking: tons of itI have never had a bad experience at Vietnam. EVER. The food is fresh, flavorful, and filling. I can't say enough about it's affordability either. The quality way exceeds the price. My most recent trip was for UC Dining Days. Most restaurants give you individual or bite sized apps and desserts for their prix-fixe 3-course menus. Vietnam? NAY. They pile on the full serving size. It was he best 15 bucks I spent all week. 
The waitstaff is also really friendly, fast, and professional. Though one time we had a server who was a bit, um OCD to say the least. He came and straightened our plates and silverware every time he came back to refill our water to take a drink order. It was more entertaining than annoying. 
The decor and atmosphere is also top notch. It's great for dates or dinner out with friends or fam. The wait is usually never very long and the delicious cocktails make it an easy 10-15 minutes. 
I'm also pretty sure there's crack in the vermicelli, IT'S JUST THAT GOOD.
Also, I'm sure my fellow Yelpers would agree - they have the classiest paper napkins. It's the little things. Cheers!This was a good offering of Vietnamese food. We had pho ga, roasted pork with broken rice, the house special rice vermicelli, and the rice crepe as an app. The roasted pork was exceptionally good. They were very patient with our restless children. Only reason they get 4 versus 5 stars is the food service was slow. We had parties that came in after us, ordered after us, had gotten similar meals, and received their food at least 15-30 min before our meals. Otherwise a solid choice in this area!Great atmosphere, friendly helpful stuff, very TASTY and fresh Vietnamese food, excellent drinks, good prices!!! =) its kind of fancy place, so you could definitely take your date there ;-) sometimes on friday/saturday nights you would have to wait for table, because they get too busy, and they dont take reservations, but they have very nice waiting room, where you can order drinks. I LOVE that place =)Delicious food, great service, great portion size, friendly staff...this place is great.  They have a funny cocktail menu, a nicely decorated restaurant, and are accommodating to all sorts of groups.  
The main guy, whose name I should definitely get next time I'm there, always tries to explain how to say some of the Vietnamese words.  He is patient and friendly, and it just makes the experience that much better.I went here twice for Dining Days and was not disappointed. For $15 you get an insane amount of food-i think was the best deal around. Both times i got the crispy pork spring rolls to start, then I got the vermicelli one time and the fish claypot the second time. Both are awesome. For dessert, i tried the pudding which was a little strange, but still worth trying, and the second time i got ice cream. What a deal! Service is always great, and I'll give a nod to the cool hand dryers as well.My parents were in town this weekend, and if I had to choose one restaurant in the city to take them to, it would be Vietnam Cafe. Yes, it's 3 blocks from my house and pretty affordable for the quality, but that's not why I love it so much. 
First, it's a really beautiful, classy place. Second, service is excellent- waters are always full. Third, and most importantly, the food is just SO DAMN GOOD. It's so vibrantly flavored and delicious! I've tried a bunch of the food on the menu and have not once been disappointed. Fourth, we all ate a LOT and paid about $100 for five people.
PS: The hand dryers in the bathrooms are really cool.Good, reliable Vietnamese place with decent atmosphere and good Vietnamese food.  There are some hits and misses on the menu, with more hits than misses.  The grilled calamari is excellent, and worth the price of admission alone.
All in all, it's a great option for the neighborhoodLunch meeting at Vietnam Cafe...I ordered the Ga Nuong Toi Que (Chicken Basil): Grilled chicken breast, steamed bok choy, fresh basil garlic sauce with a side of jasmine rice
This is the second time I've had this dish.  The flavor is amazing...The chicken had pops of char and I would bathe in the basil garlic sauce.  The jasmine rice adds a floral component which compliments the dish and the tender bok choy rounds out the meal.
Oh and the meeting went well!Wonderful Vietnamese cuisine. Their Pho is on point and extremely satisfying. In my opinion, their Pho is their best dish. Pair it will the shrimp summer rolls and you can die happy.I love the space (especially when the weather is enjoyable and they open the windows) and the staff is really nice. 
Four stars only bc some of the dishes are not very filling (pho is probably the smallest portion especially for the price I've ever had). 
That said, all the food I've had here has been tasty and hits the spot. 
Again, I only wish the pho was a larger portion. 
The best bargain I've gotten is the appetizer sampler. It's so good and so filling. 
Their bun (noodle) dishes are solid. That's usually my go to. 
While their food may be a little more than I'd like to pay, their booze is very affordable. You can get some nicer or more interesting beers for $5-6. Not bad for a place with $15 entrees. 
Parking in the hood is pretty easy. They also have a lot in back.Gave it another shot after after a year. Contrary to popular opinion, I found it overpriced and service to be slow. 
We flagged down our waiter and I ordered the pho tai. He asked if I wanted to put in $2 more to get the entrée size. I'm glad I declined- the broth was flavorless and meat scarce. 
I like a good pho. So many other places in philly that have good vietnamese beef noodle soup that's cheaper, quicker, bigger and better. I can't speak for anything but their soups, but I was disappointed both times with value and taste. My last time here.The reviews are right, this place is classy, but a little cramped.  It's easy to overhear the conversation at the the table next to you, but that to me is half the fun.  The menu is short and not fully developed but the food so far is delicious and simple, not smothered in sauce or spiced up past recognition.  I would get there early for anything that wasn't a couple.  The service is great and friendly and it's a BYOB which cuts way down on the cost.  All in all, a great eat.This place ain't bad, but it has high-end prices for being in Cedar Park. Maybe it's the clientele that frequent the restaurant who mostly seem to be academics or students.
Seemed like a good place for a date. 
Food was good, if a bit bland and untraditional, not that i'd know. Drink your liquor elsewhere and enjoy the food. Skip the apps, head for the heart.It had: 
Nice decor
Good food (big portions)
Attentive Service
My friend and I both got the vermicelli. I got the House Special and she got the chicken. Including tip, we paid 13 each to be very very full.Awesome food obviously.. This time, we ordered something different then we usually order. Their service was pretty good speed even though they had busy day!Great atmosphere and good food at a reasonable price. I had the spring roll vermicelli. The three fried spring rolls were a little bit heavy, but I enjoyed the first one a lot. The vermicelli and sauce had a nice flavor. Others had the house special vermicelli, which included very generous servings of meat, and the tofu noodle, which looked a bit plain. I'll definitely go back.My friends and I visited during UCity Dining Days, and the prix fixe menu was amazing.  It was one of the less-expensive dining options that week, but the menu had a lot of choices, so we went and were blown away by the amount of food that we got.  Had a nice table on the sidewalk, friendly service, and outstanding food.One of my favorite mid-high end Vietnamese restaurants in Philly, this place has excellent food in an elegant but relaxed ambiance. The restaurant is not super fancy, but is really quite beautiful, especially around sunset. The large windows almost make it feel like you're having dinner on an Asian-styled terrace next to a garden. The service is good and the waiters friendly. I would feel comfortable bringing a date here.
My favorite dishes are the BBQ meat dishes. There is a BBQ sampler that is good to share with a friend or two (depending on how hungry you are), that has a wide selection of char-grilled chicken, pork, and beef, as well as rice wrapped in grape leaves. It's really not to be missed. The pho here is also quite good--simple, but flavorful and cleanly executed. One of the better phos in Philly. There is a modest selection of desserts--rare for an Asian restaurant.
A pleasurable dining experience that I plan on repeating soon.Love the new location. They did a good job setting up in the larger space. Everything we ordered was delicious.Not authentic... Service was one if the worst, unless you come with a table of nice looking white folks. I could clearly tell the difference in quality of service given to my husband and I versus the 4 top of Caucasians right next to us in the 2and a half hours it took us to get all our food ( 1app, 1small soup,and 2entrees). It took 45 mins for the banh xeo(appetizer) to come out and what a disgrace to vietnamese cuisine it was... Food items were so mediocre. Top that off with ridiculous wait times and shitty service. I should've just drove the 15 mins to South Philly, where you get shitty service but cheap excellent food. They obviously cater to a non vietnamese clientele. But to leave on a positive note, it is a nice looking restaurant and at least the tea was hot...$2 but nice and hot -_-I wanted to like Vietnam Cafe, but the service was unhelpful, and the food was disappointing.
Noodle soup (beef lemongrass) was okay, but not particularly flavourful.  Edible, but not particularly enjoyable.
Fish Claypot was tasty and fish was tender.  The "Traditional sauce" is apparently just soy sauce + sugar.  From what I remember travelling in Vietnam, that's not "traditional" at all, but I still enjoyed it.  Then again, I'm a sucker for soy + sugar -- sometimes I just eat it with plain white rice.  My companion wasn't  impressed with the dish and I can't blame him.  It really needs some more complex flavours in there.  Seriously, soy + sugar is something I'd eat when I can't be bothered to cook.
The "Taro Pudding" was okay.  It's actually Rice pudding with some chunks of taro here and there, with coconut milk.  I love actual Taro Pudding, where the taro is stewed down, but this is NOT taro made into a pudding at all.
Decor is pleasant.  The restaurant is clean, comfortable, spacious.  
Service is not great.  Actually, it's surprisingly unhelpful, given the decor and price point.  Waiter was standoffish and vague when responding to questions about the food.  (But given the food quality, maybe he knew not to be more informative?)  
Also, I asked the waiter for a fork, because my arm injury made it difficult to use chopsticks.  He didn't bring me a fork so I had to ask someone else -- turns out the forks were stored just a couple of feet away from our table.
Vietnam Cafe is the kind of place I might return to if I needed a pretty place in the area (for a business lunch or something?), but I'd go elsewhere if I wanted good authentic Vietnamese food.  You can get much better Vietnamese food in Philly for cheaper, though usually in a more casual no-frills setting.
Note: There's a $10 per person minimum.Cat fish in Claypot is so niceeee!! Gonna order this again next time. 
Grilled whole fish was okI love the decor. I also loved that my waiter suggested a meal for me, made tasteful jokes, filled my water glass often and brought out my food in a timely fashion.
I can't for the life of me remember what I had. Not a good sign. I'm sure it was okay, though.So I went to Vietnam Cafe with a friend tonight for University City Dining Days.  The place is beautiful, but the food leaves something to be desired.  I started with the shrimp and pork spring rolls, which were heavily breaded and fried even though the description on the menu made it a point to say they were NOT fried; they still tasted good.  My main course was the vermicelli with chicken.  The chicken is definitely OVERCOOKED - it was dry and very tough.  The vermicelli was also dry and there was no type of sauce; the entree was VERY bland and flavorless. I ended up using the sauce that came with the spring rolls just to give it a little flavor.  For dessert, I had the corn pudding, which was okay.  I doubt I will be going back.Setting, lovely. Food, excellent. Why two stars? Service sucks! OK, OK, I know. I'm picky about carbonated water. Lots of it. But it isn't really about the water. It's about how an establishment handles a customer when they screw up. Fizzy on the menu. Bring me a bottle, please. Five minutes another server comes to table. 'No water,' says this server, who I learn is the ENFORCER. OK, I'll just pop round the shop and bring one back, I say. Is that OK? ENFORCER says he must check with BOSS. Comes back. Says BOSS says no soap. I'm pissed. Did I get a FREE Coke? Or something? Maybe a sorry, even. How about NOTHING. Later one of our party says she wants to take home a dessert she could hardly eat. (The eyes-stomach thing). OK says our waiter. ENFORCER comes by and says BOSS says no soap. No desserts can leave permises. Yeah, sure. Just like the water. Reckon they didn't have containter. Hey, ENFORCER man, tell the BOSS I want to see him. Nocando, says ENFORCER. The BOSS has gone home. Turn the lights off at this joint. I'm done.The food here is excellent! Every entree I had was very good. Their corn pudding is a must try. I love the layout of restaurant too. Parking available on the side of the restaurant.Checking out this Vietnamese restaurant in Philly.  Hope it's good.  I've been craving some home cooking.I hadn't been here in years (I'd actually forgotten about it) but I'm so glad that I went for a late lunch. It's a pretty quiet spot, has great parking & the food was on point! I had the Flaming (something) drink, it's for two people to drink from, so if you're a germaphobe don't order it (unless you're already swapping fluids with the other person). It was pretty tasty & it had a small fire flaming in the center which was cool. For appetizers I had the crispy veggie rolls which were phenomenal! They were perfectly fried, not too greasy, not burned, the ingredients were fresh and very tasty. I loved them & actually had a hard time offering them to my friend, but my momma raised me w/ manners (plus I wanted some of his fried shrimp bc they looked delectable & they were). The food temperature was a perfect kind of hot, bc they stayed warm through the entire setting. For our entrees he ordered the noodles with steak (sorry, I forgot the formal name), it looked good & he said that it was. I had the curry shrimp w/ jasmine rice, The shrimp was seasoned perfectly. It wasn't spicy at all (although a little spice wouldn't hv hurt) and they gave me very nice sized shrimp and a lot of them. I would definitely recommend this place as the service was great & the food was excellent. I think I'll hv my leftovers now!I ordered Pad thai for takeout per a friends recommendation and I was very happy with it. I like how they add tofu to the chicken pad thai dish. Portion was great. Definitely a little pricey at $15 and change but best i've had in the neighborhood.Shared the BBQ platter and Banh Xeo with my hubby.  This was just enough food to satiate without over stuffing ourselves.  Both dishes were excellent.  Presentation is simple but everything is fresh and seasoned perfectly.  The dipping sauces are very tasty too!  
The wait staff is very attentive, food is served in a timely manner, and there isn't much of a wait for anything.
The restaurant is a bit small but I never felt as if I was invading anyone's space.  (although I must admit I was eyeing up other diner's choices so I would know what to order next time)  Also, we went on a Thurs night at 7pm and there was virtually no wait.  We're definitely coming back.The food here is good, the drinks are strong, and the atmosphere is nice. They raised their prices though and now in my humble opinion they are overpriced.It was like a miracle when I realized that Vietnam Cafe, which is just a couple miles from our house, is affiliated with Vietnam downtown - my favorite restaurant in the city. I can't add much that others haven't already said, but try the beef with broken rice. It is also miraculous. Pork claypot and the corn pudding are two more favorites. Service is always friendly too, and SO fast.I had never tasted "real" Vietnamese food prior to coming here, so my expectations and excitement were through the roof. 
Things seemed to be off to a very good start when they brought out their seriously expansive beverage list. I was very pleased to see Singha (my favorite beer from Thailand) on the menu! We ordered a couple of brews and dared to split the house special--the Flaming Volcano! This thing is huge; you've been warned.
I deferred to the wisdom of my friends for what to order. What followed was truly unbelievable. I could not believe the vast amount of food that was brought to our table, to be shared family-style. Everything was delicious (I wish I knew the exact names). The Spring Rolls were definitely my favorite though! 
All in all, this is a fantastic place. The service was friendly and courteous, the atmosphere was lively and welcoming, and the food was scrumptious. Vietnam Cafe has certainly set the bar dangerously high for this particular cuisine!I love to come here to try their spiked coffee selections on a chilly day. The interior decor is really nice and the large windows allow a lot of natural light to pour into the restaurant. 
The primary reason I would come here is to have lunch with family and/or friends in a nice-looking, casual setting. But the food here is neither authentic, nor well-executed. And there are plenty of Vietnamese restaurants in Philadelphia that serve the same food in larger portions at a lower price. Beside the small food portions, the $10 minimum per person also forces you to buy more food. 
A while back, I had a tofu appetizer and a bowl of pho. The pho tasted ok, but both portions were tiny. The tofu dish was basically breaded and deep fried soft tofu, which sounds like an all right idea until you realize that due to the high level of moisture, the tofu becomes soggy almost immediately. It may be cheap to produce, but it doesn't hold together when you try to pick it up with chopsticks. It also doesn't absorb soy sauce that well, so the result is a squishy, flavorless, oily mass. The most basic street food in unknown corners of Vietnam would frown upon this dish. 
Most recently, I had pho and the Vietnamese pancake appetizer. The pho condiments (bean sprouts, basil leaves, etc...) were wilted, and the pancake was greasy. The texture and taste were not just off, but they also were pretty bad. There's something morally questionable about making a traditional dish completely wrong (especially by cutting corners) and offer it as that dish to unknowing/trusting consumers, who may not be familiar with the dish. 
The only things I would recommend here are the spiked coffees. Although they're kind of pricey, they're actually pretty good. For Vietnamese food, there are too many far better places only minutes away.I remember when this used to be a mediocre Italian restaurant; I was very happy to find that the Vietnamese have succeeded where the Italians couldn't. I was there with a party of six, and I can safely say everyone walked out pleased.
Decent drink selection; i was very satisfied with my Saigon beer, and my gf seemed pleased with her 'tini drink. The veggie and pork spring rolls were both good, but the crispy shrimp was great. I got the Claypot Chicken, very gingery with traditional sauce, served piping hot. It took a bit for it to cool down, but was appetizing once it did.
Interesting, varied selection, which makes me eager to go back to try more.
P.S. The ambiance is a solid 4- comfortable, well decorated, and open. The servers were friendly and quick on their feet.Just tried the BBQ Platter and it's incredible! Make your own lettuce and/or rice paper wraps with chicken, meatballs, grape leaves, crispy spring rolls, vermicelli, veggies, and two dipping sauces. It's $25 but is plenty of food for two people (with leftovers). Also had the Wonton Soup, which was tasty.As a someone in possession of a Vietnamese food addiction it seemed foolish for me to continue to ignore one of West Philly's highest rated offerings. The space is really pretty, much bigger than I expected, nicely decorated. The waitstaff was fast and attentive. My friend and I both got vermicelli bowls, I had grilled pork. Now, in light of my experiences in other Vietnamese restaurants, I was a little disappointed in several respects. First NO SRIRACHA ON THE TABLE. I have to ASK for it. What! I realize that they are trying to look a bit more chic, but jeez. No hoisin, no soy sauce, no alternative chili sauces, nothing. The vermicelli bowls were both more expensive by $3-4 and much smaller than your average South Philly Vietnamese restaurants' version. And there was a complete absence of fresh herbs, mint/basil/cilantro/zilch... which I find essential to a balanced bún. My pork was mega-charred, like borderline burnt. The whole deal was pretty average. 
If you are going to charge that much more and make it smaller it had better be that much more special, but they haven't got the basics down yet. Give me a special house made chili sauce! Gimme some perilla! I don't know, be creative or authentic at least. For my money, I'll drive to South Philly and get it the way I like it for a better price. Nice try VC!Tonight was my first time at this location as I normally go to the one on 11th Street in Chinatown (which I love). I have to say I love this location better than Chinatown. The restaurant is beautiful, food is delicious, their customer service is great! I'll definitely be back. Doesn't hurt that they have the best Mai Thais too!Food was great but terrible service. We waited over an hour for our food to come out. The waiter didn't even bother to check on us or at least update us on the status. When I finally asked when the food is coming, it magically appeared within less than a minute. 
Never coming back here again.I want to like this place more than I actually do. It's in a nice part of town, the restaurant itself is big, there is nice large windows. The food both times I've been has been pretty good. It's not wildly expensive, but I just keep leaving a bit unsatisfied.
Update: I think my dissatisfaction is that I consistently think the food is slightly on the bland side, maybe not quite served at the right temperature too? On the good side the food is fresh, and I can see why a lot of people love this place, but my orders so far haven't hit the spot.I always bring my friends from out of town here and I always get goi cuon. With those two elements Vietnam is always a wonderful experience. The dining area is beautiful and one can appreciate the large windows for natural light. You will not get a better experience for such a reasonable price elsewhere. The portions are generous and the soups are very good, particularly chicken lemongrass soup or seafood noodle soup.Maybe I'm missing something? Yeah, it's a cute little place and a BYO, but I really found the food lacking. Completely flavorless and not spicy at all, even though I asked for mine extra spicy. I sampled a few dishes from the people I was with, and while they were gushing over them I wasn't the least bit impressed. Vientiane Cafe, around the corner, is much better (and they grow their own hot peppers there that you can get by request).
Edit: Apparently it's no longer a BYO....It's hard to tell what's better:
Food from Vietnam (the restaurant) or high fives from chimpanzees.
The food is seriously that good.