I live a block away from Villa Di Roma.  I've been there probably a dozen times.  I don't understand the hype. The food is solid. The food is good.  
    Maybe I think it's on the expensive side for Italian food.  $15 for Veal Parm?  $11 for spaghetti with olive oil?  
    I'm totally unimpressed by the garlic bread and I thought the breaded asparagus was far too soaked in butter. 
     The thing is - I'm totally not a food snob at all.   Maybe I need to be a food snob to appreciate this place? 
     Someone local help me out and explain what I'm missing compared to the 15 other Italian places within two blocks?Amazing food and service! My family had the meatballs, chicken parm, manicotti, and baked ziti which wasn't baked but tossed and served on plate. Delish none the less! Will definitely visit them again. And again!Didn't have high expectations for this place, so that's probably why I was so pleasantly surprised. The place definitely had a very authentic Italian feel to it. There was a large group of Italian ladies dining nearby--gave the restaurant a boisterous, Italian feel. So A+ for awesome vibes. 
The food was excellent--my sister and I ordered the Meatball and Eggplant parmigiana sandwiches for lunch. They were standard hoagie-style sandwiches, but the eggplant, I gotta say, was amazing. 
The service was alright--the waitress seemed a little rushed, but really no complaints. 
I loved this place and will definitely be going again. Prices were very affordable as well.Food is fair at best
The service is just awful awful and awful better to go to Olive GardenI am in heaven when I go to the Villa Di Roma! I eat at the bar and I feel like family. Mary is such a wonderful person. No frills, outstanding food, and a family atmosphere. God bless these folks. A South Philly treasurer!The wife loves this S. Philly dive, but it's typical S. Philly  Italian fare. Expect to wait. The mussles are good and ask for plenty of bread. You can't let that broth go to waste.
Plan to be scolded by a S. Philly mother if you don't finish your plate and don't want the rest wrapped. ;)2nd stop on our grand tour of Philly Italian establishments: Villa Di Roma.
Cash only and no reservations. Knowing this, dining partner and I arrived around 6:45 on a Friday to try and beat the dinner date crowd. We were seated after a short wait in the bar area. Appetizers: we split the Villa Salad which was good (but only if you like your salad drenched in Russian or Thousand Island-type dressing) and I ate all of the fried asparagus. I ordered the gnocchi as my entree and dining partner ordered the Chicken Marsala. The gnocchi was served with a garlicy red-ish sauce with plenty of leftovers to take home and the Chicken Marsala sauce was excellent. Our waitress Jeanie was outgoing, very helpful with recommending dishes, and was attentive in filling our drinks and bread basket. We managed to save room for dessert, unfortunately the cannolis were gone so we settled on cheesecake, which was a great way to end the dinner.If NYC was just a bitttt closer, I would drive to Villa Di Roma just for dinner. Coming from a girl who was born and raised in The Bronx and knows real Italian food cooked by Italian Mothers and grandmothers...this place is so legit.
The feeling of the restaurant itself is super authentic. No frills. Even the wait staff is authentic. 
Now the best part is the food, of course. The pasta is so fresh and the sauce is to die for. We had the ravioli and meatballs as well as the seafood white sauce spaghetti. I wish I was with more people so that I could have tried more variety of menu options. Guess that just gives me a reason to come back!Came here for a celebration dinner with my little sister.  She had the lasagna and I had the quattrocini Alfredo and we split an appetizer of mussels in white sauce. The base for the mussels were very good and there were definitely enough mussels for two people to share. Then our main courses came out promptly we both agreed our food was very good. I would have gave this place four stars but our service was terrible. Our waitress never came to check on us ... I had to go to other waitresses for things such as more water or another drink and our check, it was ridiculous. It made me not even wanting to tip! The crazy thing was the place wasn't even that busy! I will not be going back.I would probably lean more towards giving this place a three, but the husband loved it. It's a pretty unassuming place, probably would never have stopped in if I hadn't read such great reviews. The interior looks like it hasn't been updated since well...ever. You sit on some rickety chairs at small tables with dingy white tablecloths thrown abstractly over the table. Let's just say you don't come here for the aesthetics. We ordered the chicken marsala, veal eggplant parm and a couple meatballs to share. As a non-Italian I am probably not the best the review the "gravy" but my husband said it transported him right back into his grandmother's kitchen. The meatballs were moist and yummy, but we could have used some better bread to soak up all that deliciousness. Same goes with my marsala, it wasn't served with pasta, so once you ate up all the delicious chicken there was a plate full of sauce that I literally wanted to eat with a spoon. Really Really Good... The veal eggplant parm was equally as delicious, the plate was literally licked clean. 
Bottom Line: Go for some authentic Italian American cuisine while enjoying the Italian market, just don't forget cash only---the dishes were a little pricier than I expected so bring an ample amount just in case.Old school Philly Italian. I've been coming here for longer than I'd like to admit (when it was only one house wide).Awful experience. Had a family dinner consisting of 15 adults and 5 children. Owner charged more than the quoted price, charged adult prices for kids, was rude when we inquired about the change, wait staff seemed put out by our large party, service was rushed, as if it was an inconvenience to have us there (note: entire upstairs room was empty), and food portions were scant. Would definitely NOT recommend.I've been to the Italian Market many times, but I never really noticed Villa di Roma since I'm usually focused on all the vendors and grocers. But when my Dad came to town for the day and his close friends invited us to dinner in the Italian Market, I quickly came to realize my mistake in overlooking this nondescript restaurant.
On the outside, it doesn't look like anything special. When you go inside, it still doesn't look like anything special. The bar is the first thing you encounter, with a charming bartender who quickly and capably makes whatever drink you order. The waitstaff seems to be composed primarily of Italian women - and the awesome kind of Italian women, who are friendly and funny and kind of like the Italian grandmother you always wish you had (if you're like me and not Italian). 
Our family friends are regulars here, and the moment they walked in everyone greeted them and started joking around with us. The menu is short but sweet, and if you don't recognize the names of dishes (cacciatore vs napoletano vs siciliano, etc) they quickly describe them for you. We shared two salads, their signature one and roasted peppers with sardines, and both were fantastic. Most of the table ordered some form of veal, while I got the chicken cacciatore. Dear lord was that dish HUGE. I ate 1/3 of it (maybe), and I was so stuffed that I felt sick. But I got some amazing leftovers because of it! All of the food is delicious (our entire table kept moaning over every forkful) and very traditional Italian cuisine - almost as good as when I lived in Florence for 4 months! Truly one of the best places in Philly to find Italian food - the REAL kind of Italian cuisine. And those cannoli?! Don't fugedaboutit or you will truly miss out. I hear their meatballs are where its at though - good thing they offer them and their sauce to take home :)Great Italian food.  Amazing meatballs!  Traditional family style atmosphere.  Friendly staff.this is more of a 3.5 star rating - better than ok, but less than I am a fan. this is about one of a very few restaurants that are open for dinner in the Italian Market area.  we stumbled upon it, gave it a try.  the line on a Friday night was very long, the place is crowded, full of regular customers.  after some wait, we were seated.  our waitress was a bit of a wise-guy, tried to tell customers how to eat and how to order.  after all the fuss, she still got our order wrong - my husband didn't get the zitty he was recommended, and she totally forgot our garlic bread and thought I didn't know regular bread from garlic bread.  but other than this, the food was quite good, old school italian fare that you don't see often nowdays.  the garlic bread was very good, by the way !Old school everything! 
Cash only
Best meatball and gravy!
Super neighborhood vibe with locals stopping by for a quick drink
Did I mention the meatballs? 
Please do not update 
Please stay cash only
Please get the meatballs to complement any other great entree you order.So. Amazing. The food was great and you feel like you're in Italy. The meatballs are amazing. We got the ravioli and meatballs (TIP: ask for it with baked mozzarella on top- Parmesan style. They bake it additionally and it's incredible). Also got the quatrigga (sp?) Alfredo which was homemade and great. We split a cannoli afterwards and they were so fresh. The staff is straight out of Italy and feels like your grandma. We stayed at a B&B and the owner was from Italy. She said this place is the only authentic Italian restaurant in the city. Highly recommend.Look no further for delicious Italian food without all the fuss. The restaurant is casual and the staff makes you feel like you're eating at your friend's Italian grandmother's house. We had big plates of pasta that were piping hot and perfect. It's the ultimate comfort food. I just wished I had saved room for dessert.You'd never really know to try this place out, which occupies a bland-looking space next to DiBruno's in the Italian Market, unless you had a tip from someone else.
But lo and behold, inside this cozy spot awaits some outrageously delicious food, served by a nice group of good ol' South Philly waitresses. I took Yelp's recommendation on the fried asparagus, which was rich, delicious and came in an absurdly flavorful sauce; the garlic bread was out of this world, too.
I went the easy route and had chicken parm for dinner - not a mistake. Crispy breast of chicken, lots of gooey mozzerella, perfect pasta and a fresh, zesty sauce. Next time I'll branch out but ooo man, what a plate. My lady had chicken sicilian, which was in a sauce reminiscent of marsala sauce but so rich I had to take a pause.
Amazing food in a casual, comfortable place. Not cheap, but worth the money.Well I guess I am in the minority since I'm not ranting and raving about this place. Basically, it's a glorified diner with abysmal service. Waitstaff was slow and basically ignore you. The kitchen is even slower. The food was average; just your typical greasy and oily Italian food. Certainly not worth the 45 minute wait after we ordered. It's cash only just as a heads up. Otherwise there really isn't much to say about this place.This place is one of our all time favorites. Never had a bad meal. Excellent service. An Italian market icon. Really goodA couple friends and I stopped in this private Italian restaurant on a cold winter day for lunch. After looking at the menu, we almost left because the menu wasn't descriptive and it was pretty limited in terms of lunch items.  They have mainly pasta, chicken, and steak dishes with some seafood.  But no soups and no sandwiches on the menu (even though we saw another customer with a sandwich later during our meal).  So, that was one con, I would've loved to know that we could've ordered sandwiches.  And it would've been nice if the descriptions of the meals were more detailed.  We ordered Baked Ziti and asparagus and  chicken cacciatore on a whim (and shared those two dishes amongst the three of us).  It was plenty of food and they ended up being really good!  The chicken was cooked in a fantastic tomato sauce.  In conclusion, I'd recommend Villa Roma for dinner or for a nice saucy meal, but if you're looking for a lighter meal, try another restaurant.I have walked by Villa Di Roma so many times, and have had their takeout meatballs and gravy on occasion, but I never dined there until last weekend, and I regret not going sooner. It is truly the perfect spot for excellent Italian comfort food. My boyfriend and I arrived around 6:30 on a Saturday night, sans reservation, so we had to wait about 20 minutes for a table at the bar. Not a problem. Once we were seated, we took a look at the menu, overflowing with hearty comfort food and very reasonable prices. We got a delicious bottle of sangiovese for $24 (yes, a whole bottle of wine at a restaurant for the price of two fancy cocktails elsewhere), and decided to order the fried asparagus to start. I am generally not a fan of asparagus, but fry it and smother it in the same sauce they use for shrimp scampi (according to our waitress), and I will eat it all day.
I was craving some comfort food, so I ordered the classic veal parmigiana over spaghetti, and my boyfriend ordered the veal bella bucca (veal stuffed with something I don't remember) over penne. Our food took a while to come out, but we were in no rush, and greatly enjoying the (to use that overused term) authentic South Philly atmosphere. When our food came out, I was delighted to see a generous portion of veal covered in delicious red sauce, perfectly cooked pasta, and wonderfully melty cheese. It was surely one of the best veal parms I have ever had, and it is one of my favorite dishes. My boyfriend liked his veal bella bucca, but said he would probably order the veal parm next time. I was able to finish my entire meal (which I am usually not able to do at Italian restaurants), but I was also very full, so I thought the portion size was perfect.
A true South Philly institution for all those craving the best in Italian comfort food. We will absolutely be back.I wish you could rate the food and service separately. I gave this place a 4 because of the delicious food, but would not give it a 4 for service. The meatballs are AMAZING, definitely deserves the food network praise. Everything i've had had been delicious, dinner and dessert. 
The bar drinks are a little pricey and they have some of the smallest wine glasses in the world. The staff is hit or miss, i have had very friendly waitresses and some not-so-friendly. We have also stood waiting for a table while the owner chats away like we weren't standing there. I think their service could improve, but the great food has gotten me back there a bunch of times.I have been meaning to get back to this place now that I am on Yelp. Many years ago I lived in South Philly (3rd & Catherine) and my daughter went to school down the street. A hood in transition which became beautiful. Used to go to this restaurant on 9th street in the Italian Market which I thought at the time was good, but nothing spectacular, which I wanted, as taken with the South Philly "tude" which went with the territory. Went back some years later with my wife, grown up daughter and her friend. Some of THE WORST SHIT FOOD AND SERVICE I have ever had. Has apparently become a horrible tourist trap. VERY rude service above and beyond the "tude", and essentially inedible "food". I'm talking essentially garbage from the linguini and clams which tasted exactly like salty and watery lukewarm Campbell's chicken soup to some kind of fettuccini/Velveeta crap. I will never go here again, and if I were you I would stay away. You have been informed. I am VERY amused by the good reviews here.A client of mine wanted a tray of lasagna for lunch guests she was having over - the next day - and Pip hooked me up.  I spoke with him at 8:30p the night before and he put aside a tray of lasagna as well as meatballs, an entire tray of garden salad AND bread from Sarcone's.  My client was very appreciative and enjoyed the food.  I was so grateful for Pip's can-do attitude.  I am looking forward to having dinner there soon with my friends and family.We enjoy dining out and have no problem spending money on great food and service...this was neither. 
The bartender greeted us and said "sit wherever you want." Perfect!  After sitting at a table in the corner for a few moments we were asked where the rest of party was.  No hello, can I get you menus, can I get you a drink to start? Nothing! 
We were strait told to move. "This is a four top table only." Ok, after pointing us to another table that also had 4 CHAIRS, we looked over the menu. Another couple came in and sat at the said same table. This couple were obviously regulars. Not only did they get drinks and salads before we were even asked if we wanted drinks, they had their entrees before my wine came to the table. 
Ps Dont ask for extra bread, it will get thrown on your table. Forget having your empty plates cleared in a timely manner, they were busy giving dessert to the same table of regulars. 
Good thing we have other neighborhood  restaurants that treat us kindly. 
Villa you should be ashamed!This place is fantastic! It would get 5 stars if it was in a better area....thats being picky I know...but it is what it is. I had the best veal in the place...2 pieces lumped together with cheese. Wow! Italian bread is awesome. Could use some better wine choices...but it was ok. Overall...wonderful place and authentic. Give it a try!Excellent red sauce joint...1st time you visit get the meatballs!Food was amazing! We got the lasagna and ravioli meatballs. However, the service was not friendly.It gives me no pleasure to write this unfortunate review of the popular Villa Di Roma in South Philly. We came here as a large party with all the menus and wine options preplanned, unfortunately, the accommodation, both physical and services were insufficient to make the evening go smoothly. The heater was blasting so much heat that my chapstick actually melted just being in close proximity by hanging in the coat pocket of my jacket. The service was friendly, but very overwhelmed and did not bother to refill the water unless requested numerous times. As for the food, I must apologize in advance and state it was my least favorable Italian cuisine I've had in quite some time. The initial cesar salad was drenched in this heavy, salmon-colored dressing, removing any resemblance to a healthy option. The breaded asparagus was swimming in a rich hollandaise-esque sauce that completely removed any texture or flavor from the already carbed-loaded vegetable. The pasta was forgettable and the chicken mushroom marsala felt like the chef just poured an entire bottle of wine in the dish and hoped for the best. The only healthy option during the meal was steamed spinach, which I subsequently realized was blanched spinach drowning in a sea of oil that made me nauseous after a few more bites. Finally, and this is the most important aspect, do NOT NOT NOT get the mussels. On multiple accounts (from other party members), the mussels all had sand in the belly meat and tasted very bland. I have never experienced such sandy and gritty mussels in a respectable restaurant, as I've had better luck buying frozen mussels from your local convenience stores.
At the end of the day, there were no real redeeming qualities aside from the friendly staff to enable me to write a positive review. I will not return in the future.My sister was in Philly on a visit and wanted some good Italian food. I wasn't sure exactly where to go, so after looking at several reviews on here, I decided Villa di Roma was close, reasonably priced, and worth a try. I was not disappointed. The staff was really nice to us. I loved the "seasoned" waitstaff. It was pretty homey and comfortable, and everyone was helpful and friendly. I had lasagna, and I have to say it was among the best lasagnas I've ever had. My sister said her pasta with mussels, clams, shrimp, and crab meat was "fabulous," and from what she could recall, better than a certain place up the street a couple of blocks. No problems, and next time someone asks me for good Italian, I know what to say.NOT WORTH THE WAIT. This mediocre establishment has a remarkable and unorganized waiting list to get a table when we went there at 6:30 on a Saturday night.  When finally seated after our 40 minute wait (we were told 30), the service was incredibly slow, we waited, in total, TWO hours before our meals were served. The food was boring and plain, not bad but nothing special (We ordered the lasagna and the fettuccini ricotta)and the clams casino was somebody else's definition of the classic appetizer, coming with meat sauce atop steamed clams. Altogether a bummer of a night. The two star rating is because the food wasn't horrible. I wouldn't bother with this place again.JACKPOT....
!!
THIS is the best Italian meal that we have out in a long time...I got the spaghetti and white clams with extra garlic...and the fried asparagus appatizer....others in my party h ad the spaghetti ai oi...and eggplant parm...
It was perfect...they used fresh garlic..!!..
Not minced from a jar..
Like s..t restaurants....
Fair..normal prices....when I told the waitress how wonderful everything was...she brought out some of the meatballs...homemade...for us to try...
Jesus...
The best ever...I'm a Pain..!!...
But everything was absolutely perfect....
Nothing was a fraud..
And Italian chefs...cooking your meal..
I'm going back...soon...!!....
Whoever cooked my meal..
Had big talent...
.
Fresh garlic...
Perfection...
My dish...
I  love this place..
..
..
Maybe an Italian chef...?......
Too many Mexican chefs..
Who cook shit...We had to try VDR!!  Many friends suggested this restaurant.  Made reservations a few days prior.  Very nice bar area.   The dining rooms are typical South Philly basic seating areas.  Nice decor and layout.  Clean restaurant.  Casual setting.  Our Waitress was ok.  Could have been more friendly and helpful with ordering.  We Ordered Veal Parm, lasagna and shrimp scampi. It was all very good.  Nice portion sizes.  No complaints and prices were reasonable for Philly.   No parking as usual.  They have a classic Italian Menu with a good variety of different items.  I give it an A but could have been an A+ if our waitress was better.   I will be back!!As a lifelong "Filuffyan," I can tell you without reservation that Villa Di Roma is one of those restaurants where its reputation is better than its food. It has authentic South Philly atmosphere for sure, and the employees are all charming in their own particular ways. Is it worth a visit or two? Sure. However, the fact is that the food, while authentic, is a notch above average, NOT top-shelf. It's good, but not great. Not that that's a bad thing, but there are other places within a few miles that are far superior. VDR is a place to go to when you want no-frills basic Italian.Fried asparagus is worth the hype, the buttery sauce is to die for! Dip some bread in the leftover sauce too mmm. I had the gnocchi and meatballs which were very homemade tasting and meatballs were fresh and moist! Server was Jeanie, she was awesome, very friendly and helpful. Food came out quick, no complaints! Happy I stumbled across this place. Only downside is it is cash only and food is pricy. Portions however are pretty big and the flavor makes up for the price. Will def come again.Don't be fooled by the little hole-in-the-wall appearance! Go in and give it a try! It's so quaint, they also have a full bar area in addition to the restaurant area, and the food is unbelievable! I got the sausage Genevese. I don't even know what to say... it was so delicious! And the meatball appetizer was the hit of our table. They are perfect and an absolute MUST! On the way out I noticed they sell their marinara sauce, and some other items, so of course I had to buy a quart of their sauce.  I would definitely go back again and again. Bring cash - it's cash only.Great place ! The staff is awesome , you feel like you know them . We were the last people in there and not once did they try to rush us out the door they didn't start cleaning in front of us , nothing to make us feel un welcomed. The food was GREAT !!Very good red sauce (gravy). Good service and its right in the heart fo the Italian market.  You cannot go wrong ordering their pasta with gravy and meatballs. Can't comment on anything else beacuse we both had the same dish.
One drawback to me is they are cash only.Excellent Italian food. I have never been disappointed in the food. I have been going to Villa di Roma regularly for ten years before moving out of town. The staff is very friendly, even more so than at Ralph's. They serve a mean escarole and garlic; the bread is delicious; and the pasta is top notch. It is definitely an old -school vibe. Very unpretentiously decorated and laid out in such a way that you feel like you are in the kitchen of someone's home and not in a restaurant. 
Parking may be a pain and a wait may be ahead of you once you enter if it is on a busy night. These things notwithstanding, the food will cause you to quickly forget such inconveniences.Been here twice for lunch - exactly what you see is what you get, great Italian-American food. Portions are generous but not monstrous, waitstaff are interactive and helpful, they've got great wine, and they have sauce and meatballs for sale! A little pricey - but the location in the heart of the Italian Market justifies that.The service was horrible. Patrons actually had to apologize when asking for bread and water and asked to not be yelled at by server. Spend your hard earned money elsewhere.I have been telling my wife stories over the past two years of this little restaurant I went to in Philly that reminded of my grandmother's (Nona) kitchen.  The moment she walked in she smelled the sauce cooking in the back and gave me that acknowledging smile.  She too knows my rants and raves were true.
Every Italian dish on the menu is an absolute delight and a throwback to what my kin used to cook for me when I was a child.  I sit here now in upstate NY imaging be back right now enjoying the tastes of my past.
Do not hesitate to visit and stay for dinner.What a great place.  Very warm and inviting. It's nothing fancy but the food is delicious and I want to go back and try more dishes. The staff was great and the service was great as well. I loved my pasta dish and I tried the Gnocchi and just felt like my Grampa was in the kitchen cooking it.Excellent food. You have to order mussels in red sauce. But the waitress there was kinda rude. We asked a few questions about dishes and one person took about 10 secs to think about her choice and the waitress got clearly annoyed about it. Expect good food but don't expect good service at all.Last night I ate here for the first time, which is very strange, given that I've lived in south philly my whole life. I started with the garlic bread and pasta fagioli... Both of which were awesome! For my entree I got the lasagna with a side of meatballs. The lasagna was very good, not my favorite that I've ever had, but very very good. The meatballs were also as good as they say! Which surprised me given that I am pretty particular. Also, the prices were very reasonable. The only reason I gave 4 stars instead of 5, was that I felt the service wasn't too friendly. I got the impression that it was because the waitress got double sat and seemed to know the other table well... It was just kind of abrupt and short, when I was expecting a little more of a family feel. 
Overall, a very good experience and I would definitely go back.I came here after watching it on Food Feuds on Food Network and really wanted to see how good the meatballs actually were. 
I got the ravioli and meatballs and my friend got the spaghetti with meatballs.  The meatballs were pretty big and as good as I thought they would be. They were surprisingly light, but had a great flavor and were pretty juicy. Both the ravioli and spaghetti were cooked well; a little more than al dente but still had good texture. 
The service was fast and friendly and the food came out pretty quickly as well. However, both portions were only okay for the price so that's the reason for the 3 stars. I'm a pretty big eater and a plate of 6 ravioli and 2 meatballs was not really enough for me. At $17 for the dish, I would have wanted a little more for my money. 
Also, the bread that they serve was pretty lousy.Went there for dinner on Black Friday. We had to wait for almost n hour however it was totally worth it. We have Shrimp scampi which was heavenly.  I have almost never tasted something like that. Meatball over spaghetti was tasty as well. Great place amazing people.Simply fantastic Italian food. Veal Bella Bucca and Chicken Marsala were both perfect. Bread they bring to the table is weak at best but I can't really let that hurt the overall experience.Good spot for Italian "kitchen food". 
Used to go here in the 70's with my family and now I'm old enough to drink at the bar, which was hopping on a recent Saturday. 
Tried to make a reservation, but they were too busy to answer the phone so we took a chance and headed down. Pretty big crowd in the bar area & some large parties waiting to be seated, but we put our name on the list and settled in at the bar.
The bartender Dominic was awesome, he had that bar covered and the crowd who didn't fit at the bar, making sure everyone had a drink. I ordered a Bloody Mary after reading a review from someone else and Dom told us it was made from "scratch" but he makes it hot & spicy and horseradish is not needed...boy was he right, good and HOT. I needed a glass of water on the side.
Menu is standard Italian fare, no descriptions needed, but if you want to know what's in a dish with a name you aren't sure of, like Veal Dominic, the waitress will be happy to tell you.
Ordered mussels, no choice of red or white, which was fine by us. Great gravy that could have been more enjoyable with better bread, not just sliced sandwich rolls. With all the fabulous Italian bread bakers in the area, this is something that no authentic Italian restaurant should skimp on.
Generous portion entrees, you'll either be hungry enough to eat it all or have to ask for a take home bag.
Sold out of cannolis by the time we were seated,so we didn't stay for dessert. By the time we stepped out around 10 pm, the formerly packed bar was empty except for Dominic and his cousin.  Glad we gave it a try and we'll be back for meatballs next time.Good lord  do I miss home!  27 yrs in Philly, now in S.California and can't get a good Italian meal unless I cook it.
This place has been around since my Dad was my age and he would always drool just talking about it.
Last I went here I ordered some veal special that was kickass.
My bf got a linguine pescatore type dish.  EXCELLENT.  Pasta di Linguine- that's it.
Finish up with a cannoli, mmmm!
Atmosphere is ok- not wonderful, not mediocre... decent.
Waitress was friendly and nice.
Prices aren't bad- midline for the area and quality.
I dream about it now that I'm living in lousyfoodville.
The only reason it doesn't get 5 stars is Macaroni (Not Macaroni Grill) off Old Welsh Rd in NE Philly.  I have to leave room for better.Very nice Italian restaurant.  Fried asparagus was awesome.chicken parm very good. Sausage and pepper scored a thumbs up from my daughter.  Service was very friendly and helpful. Lasagna was good. My only reason not giving it five stars was I was still hungry when done.  Portions good be a little more bigger. As I mentioned asparagus was tremendous but for 8.95 I think there was 5 pieces.  My lasagna to was very good but not filling. Started eating my daughter chicken parm. Wife had chicken liver or something like that not my cup of tea but she liked and she had that boxed to go. Also when finished we walked around to John's water ice and bought ice cream and gelati a nice way to end the day.Very casual atmosphere.   Good bar.   Place was busy and was still able to get a seat at the bar while we waited for a table.  A Sat night and only a 10 minutes wait.  Much better then we expected. 
Garlic bread was good, clams were good but not great.   
Chicken Park was great but didn't have enough sauce so I asked to have a cup of sauce and they brought it right over.    Ziti with asparagus was also good.  
Old time little Italy service from lifelong employees gives this place the feel of any good little Italy restaurant in most cities.
Will go back for sure.   Great food, relaxing place and best of all, go as you are.   Very casualDecent stuff but the waits are incredibly long on the weekend. Cash only. Prices are pretty high.  Attitude is fresh.  I prefer Francoluigi - food has a distinct edge over this place (some things more than others), and the service is so much better.Enjoy the traditional aspects of the Villa di Roma.  Current restaurant fetishisms turn me off, so this going-strong throwback to the '50s-'60s-'70s is a welcome antidote to today's wussy, overdone fashion.  What's good?  Real people working as the wait staff, bartenders, and I presume the kitchen.  The red-brick interior walls, which I can't remember if they're real or just tromp-l'oeil paper.  The menu.
Like the veal marsala, the chicken bella buca, and the spinach and escarole sides.  Also the asparagus and the salad Villa; the clams casino only fair.  Probably should have had the steamers.  I also liked that both of the young people with us -- what used to be called college men, and should still be judging from these two -- liked this throwback atmosphere.  
Not-so-good -- the steak rolls doubling as bread (but this keeps you from overfilling yourself on same, so maybe there is a point besides cost-control); the clams casino, though it hurts me to write that; and the house wine.  It is cheapo but also terrible.  Dinner for five, with three of them wine-drinkers, $200 including tip.  That part is modern, unfortunately.Me likey!
We've been going to Villa for years and it's been consistently wonderful.  The best red gravies in town, not to mention a fantastic preparation of veal and chicken.  My all time favorite, though, are the chicken livers romano.  TDF!
Note: This is a cash-only (ATM on the premises) restaurant.  Also, they don't take reservations so if you hit it at the wrong time you'll have quite a wait.  The bar gets crazy crowded at times on weekend nights.
This is a no frills joint, but it's excellent.  Perfect for out-of-towners would want a South Philly experience.How is Villa di Roma not 5 stars? Every time someone visits me I make them go to Villa di Roma when they say they want Italian for dinner. Never disappoints. Simple, relatively casual, no frills just plain good Italian. Perfect every time. Will keep coming back!One word: KickAssMeatballs.
I don't eat in at this place. I just get takeout. And what do I take out, you might inquire? Well, I'll tell you. I order their giant delicious kick ass meatballs. And I take them home. And I eat them. It bothers my boyfriend, quite a bit, that I prefer Villa di Roma's meatballs over his (there is no sexual innuendo going on in this sentence, I promise you). But it's a sad fact that his balls just don't measure up - in fact, it's not even a contest. Villa di Roma knows how to do meatballs. Sorry, boyfriend.
I've had some other things here, chicken parm for example and that was good too. But I'm in law school and thus, extremely poor, and so what I do is make my own spaghetti and sauce at home, and then go pick up a few meatballs from Villa di Roma. It's a pretty cheap meal that way but having special meatballs makes it feel more special. And I enjoy that special feeling that these meatballs give me. And that's why I like Villa di Roma.Chicken Bella Buca to die for.  Excellent Italian food. Everyone we bring here loves it.  Don't go by the outside, it's a little dumpy but go in for great food.This place is old school. The food is old world Italian and it's decent...but I've had much much better food in that classic Italian category. I give the place major props for being around as long as they have been and for not getting too caught up in the hype about itself that so many loyalists have for this place. The staff are all super nice, perfectly cast South Philly Italians playing their roles of hospitality to perfection. The facts that they're cash only and don't take reservations are both nods to their classic old school roots as well as annoying inconveniences in this day and age. Those are nuances that would go applauded if the food were fantastic. But sadly, it's pretty basic.I like knowing that when I stroll through the Italian Market. There are still some things that are ITALIAN about it, & Villa Di Roma is proof. You would be crazy not to give this place a whirl. Try the fried asparagus, it's amazing!!This place is incredible for old school Italian food in Philly! I absolutely loved eating here during a quick weekend with some friends - everything was delicious. Our waitress was very attentive and I really enjoyed the no frills/no fuss atmosphere. We ordered garlic bread and fried asparagus for appetizers - I'd never had fried asparagus before and thought the breading was great (not greasy or soggy) and the zesty dipping sauce was a great addition. For entrees, my friend and I split the cheese ravioli with meatballs and the shrimp scampi. Both were SO SO good! I highly recommend both dishes - they are about as classic Italian as you can get, full of flavor and comforting to the soul. The portions are generous and will fill you up quickly if you don't pace yourself. Don't forget to order a karaffe or two of wine and also keep in mind this is a cash only restaurant!What can I say? A true Italian gem in the middle of the Italian Market??! Lunch was all I expected and more. I started with the caprese salad, at first I thought, way too much olive oil. No. Very tasty, seasoned well with crushed red peppers and the mozzarella...loved it! I had the ravioli with meatballs, and they were so good. The meatballs were the best I've had in a while. 
Highly recommend if you want to sit and enjoy your meal instead of grabbing and going.My family has been coming here for years! You honestly cannot get better, home-cooked-tasting Italian anywhere else!
What I ordered:
Mussels with white sauce -- it's a must. My sister and I inhaled them within 5 minutes, seriously. The sauce left over is perfect for dipping bread into!
Garlic Bread -- great consistency, the perfect mix of crunchy on the top and soft on the inside!
Raviolis with gravy -- cannot go wrong with this choice. I only made it through 3 out of my 5 MONSTER raviolis. At least I had leftovers!! 
It does look a little divey from the outside, but the service is great and the food is top-notch. Perfect place to stop on the way to a Phillies game!From the earthy wait staff to the fantastic red sauce entrees, this is by far my favorite down-and-dirty Italian eatery in Philadelphia.  
The chicken livers are to-die-for, as is the manicotti, but my all time fav is their veal francese.  The thing to remember about Villa is that it is unabashedly basic, and that really works.  The food is so authentic that you'd think you were in an Italian grandmother's kitchen.  
Now, the wine selection is awful and I have had stale wine there in the past. Parking is tough at Italian Market, and this is a cash-only joint.  Aside from all that, I still give it 5 stars - it's wonderful!This place is a small Italian Restaurant located about 7 minutes south of Independence Hall. It is located in the Ninth Street Italian Market. You walk in and it's like your back in the late 60's. The bartender Basel was funny and Friendly. The old menu board on the wall is still in use. Our appetizer was the Fried Asparagus (delicious) I had the spaghetti and meatballs (which they are known for) and my  wife had the Baked Ziti all was excellent. The wait staff is about what you'd expect for an Italian restaurant, not as friendly but good and efficient. Which is kind of how I like it anyway.Delicious food, and the owner was super nice. Very large portion sizes and great food and excellent service. Defnitely not what you'd expect for a restaurant on south street. Feels like fine dining. Their veal parm was DELICIOUS! I've also had their pasta, fish, and steak there, and every time, eveything was delicious, and we got great service!Really not that great at all, go to Giorgio on pine, la viola, little nonnas in the city instead if you want some real Italian foodDefinitely worth a try if you are in the area.  Good sauce (gravy) good service.Wandered into this place after being sick of eating in Philly Chinatown. I was excited at first since I thought this placed served Roman food...note to self, it's Italian.
The one working door leads you into a bar, which you will enter while looking really confused and wondering where the actual restaurant is (unless you've been there before or you've read this spoiler review). The bartender and waitresses will then look amusedly at you before asking you if you're here for the restaurant, at which point you'll be ushered into the back. 
They have plenty to choose from, in addition to your standard pasta. I did the nosy-lady thing and eyed up everything that everyone else was ordering; their meatballs were GIGANTIC (and that's not just what she said). But then again, for the prices they're charging, you'd better hope they were huge. 
I was really feenin' for some chicken, and my waitress recommended the Chicken Sicilian. My boyfriend got the Chicken Neapolitan, which to me just means ChocolateStrawberryVanilla but actually was just chicken in tomato sauce (I'm sure there were other things, like red wine and other spices, but it's 99% tomato sauce). My chicken Sicilian was pretty good, with the chicken cooked very well, and the cream and white wine sauce was delicious. However, since I didn't get it with pasta seeing as I was sick of carbs having gulped down a truckload of Chinese bakery buns, the dish was EXTREMELY salty. Good thing they gave us bread - just plain crusty bread, but excellent nonetheless. And also, this dish is laden with OLIVES. I happen to hate olives, and this dish contains two different types - the easily spotted huge black ones, and the cunning small green ones that like to masquerade as green peppers. One bite is enough to ruin any flavor in your mouth. However, since I didn't specify that my hair bristles every time I see olives while ordering, I won't hold this against Villa Di Roma. 
All in all, this is not really a place you want to go if you're in your teens/twenties and want a casual date spot. First, the food is quite pricey, the portion sizes are not meant for you to stuff and nourish your body, and on top of that, everyone else eating there is probably old enough to be your parents...or their parents. On top of that, they are CASH ONLY...so if you're treating a lot of people out, make sure you rob a bank or tell the other people they have to split a dish five ways. Total bill was around $37 for two people, and we had walked into the restaurant already half full and so hadn't ordered any appetizers or anything other than our main courses.
That being said, their Chicken Sicilian sauce is excellent with dry crusty bread. I did feel a little self-conscious drawing pictures in the plate with my bread, it was delicious. When I'm 65 I'll come back here and become a regular.Rude service, disappointing meal. My shrimp scampi was butter soup with noodles. Would not recommend.The food is great. Really yummy. You can't go wrong with their spaghetti and meatballs. They taste just like my mom's (forget the fact that I'm Irish--the woman knows her stuff). My friend had the shrimp marsala, which was nice and sweet.
Minus a few stars for excruciatingly slow service. Yes, we were there during peak hours on Saturday. They were swamped; I get it. My heart did go out to our server who seemed completely exhausted and apologetic whenever she made it over to our table, but everything just took too long -- especially getting our beverages (water) and check (20+ minutes). They were out of garlic bread :( and for whatever reason, our table wasn't given small plates for our [regular] bread, unlike the neighboring tables, so we reluctantly made a huge, crummy mess all over our tablecloth.
That being said, I would definitely go back. Just not on a Saturday. Call me high maintenance, but I like washing down my food with a beverage -- especially food as zesty and rich as Villa di Roma's -- and when I have to wait 10-15 minutes to get that water, it detracts from the dining experience a lot.VdR is a favorite. When it comes to ooey-gooey cheap-and-cheesy red-gravy joints in South Philly, VdR is as good as it gets. Certainly better than the tourist trap Ralph's, way better than the gone-but-not-forgotten Copper Penny. The service is great, the atmosphere (on the old brick side of the building) is wonderful and personal, and the food is consistently delicious. Is there better, more "upscale" Italian food to be had, especially in the Italian Market/Bella Vista? Definitely. But when it comes to everyone's favorite indulgences, like chicken/veal/eggplant parm, scampi, spaghetti and meatballs, cheese-laden garlic bread and cheap red wine, nobody does it better than Villa. Skip lunch, grab some friends, and head down 9th St for a meal you won't soon forget.Place is a glorified maggiano's. This is the kind of Italian restaurant your friend named Todd or Jeremy recommends. In other words, people that don't know better. Service is lackluster. Rude and with an air of "we just don't give a..."Taste is ok enough but the cooking generally lacks soul. Bread is a disgrace! I mean come on! How is it possible to serve such inedible dreck at an Italian restaurant in the heart of the italian market. Meatballs are solid, but it ain't as good as gramma used to make it.  "What you want for supper gramma," she'd ask. If yous  are from the neighborhood yous know what I'm sayin'.Good Italian food, neat atmosphere in the heart of the Italian market and the servers are great (mostly family related folks who want you to have a good time).  The Zitti baked francis is my favorite but I haven't heard any gripes with anybody.  Not the cheapest place but it's good, simple and I recommend as a good place to go.Abstract: Great old school Italian red sauce place in a gritty, "Little Italy" urban setting. Note: CASH ONLY! We were prepared.
Was in town for the Cirque du Solei (Kooza) their production under the blue-and-yellow Grand Chapiteau (Big Top) along the Avenue of the Arts. Needed a kid friendly place (we were a party of 5 with 2 kids) and this was it.
We called for reservations and they said that they don't take them on Saturday. We told them we would be there around 5-6pm and they said it shouldn't be an issue at that time.
We walked up from the Big Top and arrived at the restaurant around 6pm. The air conditioning was a welcome thing after the long walk.
The bar area welcomes you upon entry - a very nice neighborhood bar feeling. Long bar, seats about 20, backed up with stools behind it - nice touch when the wait starts backing up.
We were there around 5:30 and true to their word we were seated immediately. Our dining area was to the right of the bar (as you enter.) It was bright, clean, if nondescript dining area. We ordered from the one page paper menu:
Appetizers: Garlic Bread (5 pieces - good) and the steamed clams -  a generous dozen or so clams in a fabulous white wine butter reduction. The house bread (they drop at the table) is excellent.
Meals: My daughter had the lasagna (excellent, I tried it) her friend polished off her plate of ravioli.  The adults had a the linguini in red clam (voted excellent), the veal scaloppini with mushrooms (voted excellent) and I had the shrimp scaloppini which was in red sauce with green pepper, mushroom, and onions, served over ziti. 
Service was professional and friendly (our waitress was Mary). She was sweet - she plated my daughters blazing hot lasagna from the metal serving tray.
Dinner for 5 with the appetizers, entrees, and two Shirley temples each for the kids and 2 alcoholic beverages each for the adults was $143 - we tipped up to $175. Mary had two kids in college so we rounded up on the 20%.
As we left, (around 7:15ish) the place was starting to get packed - the bar was full, and the queue was forming. If you are going with the kids, plan on going early as we did.
Since we were heading for the "cirque" we skipped dessert and began the long, hot walk back with the two kids.About 40 years ago several of us, frazzled after a long day dealing with Rizzo's reign of terror and the rest of the world's mishigus; nothing better than the Villa Di Roma's mussels! 
That was with PILCOP, next time with a much younger generation of Philly's battlers for truth and justice!Villa di Roma makes me both happy and sad. It makes me happy because it's somewhere I can go with my family/friends and relive my paternal grandparents' cooking. It makes me sad because no matter how reminiscent the food, it will never be as good as that I grew up eating. Because I was so spoiled, there is a lot of Italian (American) food I simply will not eat... the vittles at VdR are not on that list.
I'm not going to lie to you and say eating here isn't a pain in the ass. It's cash only, they don't take reservations and parking is always a big unknown. The amusing thing about this is because members of my family have been eating here for the better part of 40 years, none of this is a big deal. As with most things in life, insider knowledge helps... and even better when there is no official record of anything. That said, don't be surprised if a group that comes in after you gets a table before you. Yes, it's really like that.
I haven't had anything at Villa that I haven't liked. I'm sure there are duds, but because I always end up with the same half dozen things, I would never know. I should probably branch out to see what else is out there, but traditions are tough habits to break. I blame Sparky & Johanna, may they rest in peace.
My recommendations:
-Steamed Mussels
-Meatballs
-Fried Asparagus 
-Pasta Di Linguine
-Linguine Abruzzi
-Bread dipped in the sauce/gravy of any of the above items
-Cannoli
If you try these things and don't like them, please don't tell me. I'm liable to cut you.An old favorite.  Glad that it's still around.   Great food and service.  Always have to swing by for a bite when in Philly.Having heard nothing but good things I decided to finally check out Villa di Roma. I'm not kidding- from the minute I moved to South Philly everyone including the guy I bought my security system from was telling me I had to check this place out- and so I finally did. 
It's set up like any local Italian spot you'd expect in South Philly. Cash only operation- which I knew before going so we were well prepared. I can't tell you how many times we've had to run to an ATM mid meal because we didn't notice the mini print on the menu at some places. I liked the South Philly feel of the place too- there are many restaurants in the area that are losing that laid back family feeling so it was nice to see some places are staying true to their roots. 
On to the meal. Let me start by saying I know a lot of people may be appalled by this, but when we ordered a carafe of the house red and it came out in a carafe with two juice glasses I was actually happy about it. I kind of laughed, but I'm pretty sure we were drinking Paisano and there's really no way to class that up anyway. At any rate, it was appropriate. 
The couple next to us ordered Fettuccine Alfredo and I immediately had food envy- I will make it a point to try that next time I go. As for the food- it's very good, but I think I made the wrong choice. That being said- it was very good, but I think I would have preferred pasta- because everyone's dinner looked AMAZING.Arguably the best Italian food I've ever had. Im not Italian aand wasn't brought up on this type of food but this stuff is to die for. Shrimp scampi was heaven with a weinderful butter, wine sauce that was great soaking up with their fresh Italian baked bread. We had the Billa salad which we shared that was great.  For our entrees I had the Chicken Bella Bucca that was topped with spinach, I would recommend this. My partner had a veal pizzaolini that was exceptional. This place is best on a tuesday nite cus it gets packed on weekends which isnt surprising.Not the place to go if you're looking for first class service or fine wine, but if you're hungry and craving Italian-American favorites, this is the place to go.  The best "gravy" in the city.Classic Italian. Old school philadelphia landmark. Get all your classic dishes here with no frills and yet delicious!! For starters the Roma salad that comes with eggs and a Russian dressing was yummy. We then got mussels Marinara- pippin hot and deckhouse. They have veal with eggplant parm. We got the chicken with eggplant Parm. You can even ask for extra sauce. Totally yummy. This place is popular so expect a wait. We came at 9 and still waited for a while for a table.Best Italian Food ever! Homey and welcoming! Did I mention The food is a dream? The service is PERFECT! Our family LOVES stopping in for mussels or good old fashioned meatballs!  Ohhhhh the Veal! I have a hard time making decisions when I go there. Villa Di Roma!I tried Villa Do Roma after hearing people rave about their meatballs. They had just placed 2nd in a big meatball competition. After a short wait at the bar, my party was seated in a surprisingly small dining room. The waitress said they are known for their scampi sauce so I ordered the shrimp scampi for an appetizer. The scampi sauce was heavenly. I made sure every bite of shrimp was covered in sauce. I even dipped the bread from the bread basket in it. It even made that useless bread good. I was also able to try the salad, which sounded good because it had bacon bits and eggs and shrimp mixed in. But it was literally swimming in dressing. Not good! My entree was the meatball ravioli. It was only 2 meatballs on top of a bed of ravioli, which is stuffed with cheese. Unfortunately not enough cheese to actually taste. But I came there for the meatballs, and I finally had them in font of me smelling oh so good. They are perfectly cooked, juicy, meatballs with a distinct flavor. Although that flavor does make it unique I can't say that makes it better than the best meatballs I've had. The entree did not have the proper meatball to pasta ratio. It was very difficult to make sure I had a taste of meatball with every forkful of pasta. I desperately needed a 3rd meatball! 
My dinner at Villa Do Roma was a mixed bag. Never would have expected the scampi sauce to be the most memorable part of my meal.Where do I start? Let's say first that I'm an ease to please, down to earth guy. Then I'll say that I like Italian food and I'm able to tell a good dish from a not so good one. Let me also note that I was with my 22 YO daughter and in the celebration mood for a task she completed successfully that day. 
Where to find Italian food that is not chain-like and has the best chance to be close to "authentic"? Well, that had to be in the heart of the Philadelphia's Italian market. Are you still with me? Good. 
This happened Thursday afternoon. 4 PM to be precise. Restaurant just opened for dinner. Very few patrons at that time. Warm welcome, nice server lady, who once asked about, told us that the gnocchi were not actually gnocchi but cavatielli (if you don't know the difference, or better yet, tasted the difference, stop here and do your research). Fair enough, my daughter asked for spaghetti marinara and I asked for the flounder with asparagus and pasta side. 
Let me be clear here. All of the other opinions that state that this is "authentic" Italian food, I seriously doubt that had written the same if served the food we got or just have never tasted the food in Italy (NY little Italy does not count) and don't know what they are talking about.  
The pasta was not strained enough, the flounder was completely unremarkable, I didn't saw or noticed any sauce and I was given two asparagus in my plate. The marinara sauce in my daughter's dish had nothing on it that left any pleasant memory either. 
My best guess is that the chef had the day off and we were left in the incompetent hands of the dishwasher. 
The service was good and relatively fast, the price was neither cheap nor expensive, but the value was poor. Let me finish saying that as much as I disregard the chain restaurants that try to pass for Italian. This time I would have been more satisfied in there than in this place. 
Sorry. You guys truly disappointed me. Be more mindful for the ones after me, because I'm not coming back. 
PS. For those who care to know, I have traveled Italy with my family from north to south and east to west, and I haven't had a bad meal while in there (go figure). I avoid mass tourism and tourist traps, so that's not my reference either while visiting Italy.Been coming here since the early 90's . Its really stands the test of time .Some of My favorites ..The fried asparagus  lightly fried deliciousnous with a decadent lemon butter sauce (to die for)...Veal bellabuca its very unique veal dish topped with ham and cheese the breaded and lightly fried topped with a light brown sauce.. Amazing..pretty much everything here is a winner (however the wine list may be a little too basic for a wine Connoisseur )  oh yeah...cash only.. which may be a deal breaker for some business travelersGot some marinara sauce to go as well as some meatballs.
Also got a veal parmesan to go (for lunch).  Tasty, too!
Cash only.  Bummer.This is real Italian food. Simple, authentic, no nonsense neighborhood style makes this the best in Philly. Try the Chicken Sicilian. Nothing else like it!Amazing, old-fashioned ItalIan food. The bread is terrific, the sauces on everything are tremendous. Can't get anything there you won't love.Great Italian food, good service, no credit cards, so bring cash.  Enjoyed every time in Philly.The bookies at the corner shop nagged me for months to try this place quoting that it was the best Italian place in South Philly.  The food is authentic and the lasagna with lots of gravy tasted just like a pasta dish I ate in Italy last year.  The cheesy garlic bread is sooo good.  No frills place, but great to order some take out if you're in the area.Great!  We went Saturday nite with friends, and I have to say, excellent!  I was impressed with the food, the server - I think her name was Rita was so good. 
My husband had the pasta with various seafood in a red sauce, and was over the moon with it!  I would recommend a visit if you are looking for casual!Great food. Great traditional Italian atmosphere. Fried asparagus app is to die for. Great muscles, gnocchi, and the veal Bella bucca is unbelievable. Order canolis when you sit down as they always sell out.   
No reservations on weekends no cc cards.     
Order the ported chianti by the bottle and hang at the bar while u wait is the best strategyThe true old Italian Gravy House.  I'm not the True Old Italian as I had to embarass myself by admitting to someone that I did not know that Gravy was sauce.  Ouch!  I went down a few points on that one.
I've been coming here since my college days, and I think Villa di Roma has not changed at all except for the prices.  The food is consistently good, and the service, although brusque at times, knows their job.
CASH ONLY!  And it does get crowded at peak times, so be prepared to wait.  Full bar, desserts are awesome, and main meals can't be beat.  A regular place to come to!Quality home style Italian food with homemade sauce just like my moms. No frills, just great food and a good atmosphere. We came for lunch and I got the meatball parm sandwich and it was delicious.On a road trip from Montreal to Miami this was our only regrettable use of time and money. We are very sorry that our only experience of Philadelphia was this seedy establishment. The food was substandard and portions tiny. There were only two other couples in the restaurant and at least four waitresses standing around gossiping and commenting on the appearance of customers. 
Explanations of the menu were not given and we were not warned that cards weren't accepted. It is a large restaurant with a bar and two dining rooms so it was very surprising to find that cards were not accepted. Despite how empty the place was we were made to feel like we had to rush and not question them about anything. It felt like a trap. 
I ordered eggplant parmesan. The small portion of noodles arrived with a few measly pieces of the thinnest fried eggplant I have ever seen. Where was the deep dish of eggplant parmesan I have enjoyed in so many countless Italian eateries over the past 25 years? Not here. But I got to pay over $15 for what amounted to just a spoonful of noodles with a dollop of plain tomato sauce. 
The waitresses were slimy, aggressive, and uncouth. Some viewers call this 'salty' South Philly charm.. but honestly, to us they just came across as criminal.  Oh, and did I mention the food was really bad? They don't accept cards. If you want someone to speak to you in a condescending voice, smack gum in your face and follow you to the atm machine (which they keep in the restaurant) then please dine here. I wanted to go to a bank but they insisted I use their machine. Sketchy.
As soon as I started to put cash down at the table (and before I could count it) the older waitress who followed me to the atm machine grabbed it and said I'll get you some change. She never came back to the table. I never saw any change.
Do these business practices get inspected in South Philly?Villa di Roma was my first meal as a new Philadelphian - so the charm of that little fact may come into play, but I loved it.  Total, authentic Philadelphia experience - down to the quick on her feet/quick with a joke waitress who had us in stitches for most of the night, and the barman who greeted my friends like family.
Enjoyed the eggplant parmigiana while I was there AND for two days after (leftovers, not heartburn!) and the Villa Salad...well...let's just say if my friends weren't there I might have licked the plate.  Tried some of the gnocchi as well and I approve...light, airy, but able to soak up the sauce.  Delicious. 
Good solid Italian favorites in a comfortable, bricked dining room - nothing fancy, but no bullshit or pretense either - and when you're craving that, it's just what you need.Always reliable, always good, always consistent. Just a good Italian meal every time. Our family has been going here for years. The management sometimes is a bit big for their britches, but it's tolerable.Great south philly family owned place. Waitresses treat you as a true philly italian does. Go for their dinner or just a beer and cannoli. Nice place for family gatherings too! Cash only!Pip helped me put together a menu of ziti with asparagus and veal parmesan with eggplant for a baby shower that I hosted. The food was fantastic - everyone loved it and Pip made the whole process so easy. I dine at the restaurant at least once a month because I love the food and atmosphere so much, but I'll definitely use Villa again if I need to feed a large group of people.Delicious old style Italian dishes and one of the best meatballs u can buy dining out! Friendly service and the servers help each other out. A fully stocked bar so u can compliment ur meal as well a great selection of desserts. A great place for Sunday gravy (or any day of the week). With over 50yrs in business they are definitely doing it right!! Five platesVilla di Roma I don't know what happened but it seems that the quality of your food, and especially the service, have dropped noticibly but prices have climbed.  Spaghetti and meatballs for $14 really?  For better food at similar prices I now go to Criniti on Broad near Oregon.My partner's mother was in town and she wanted a real Philadelphia Italian meal, so she asked somebody at the Rittenhouse Hotel where to go.  They said we should go to Villa di Roma.  Additionally, they called and made us a reservation.
When we came in, the place was packed.  People were waiting for tables behind the bar.  The decor is a little beat up, totally family style and kitschy, but we figured the busyness was a good sign.
"Forever," a fat guy said to my partner's mom, suddenly.
"Excuse me?" she said.
"That's how long the wait is," he added, confirming that he knew the English language.
"Is the food good here?" she asked.
"What, you think all these people are stupid?"  He looked around the room.  "That they would wait forever for bad food?"
"All right," she said, I think in shock.
After waiting fifteen minutes for our table, we were unceremoniously seated and hastened to order.  The food was decent, and the portions were large.  Nothing special.  And the atmosphere was a major turn-off.  This is yet another place in Philly that we visited once and will never return to, but it was all right.  My partner's mom decided it was "authentic," so she gave it the thumbs up in the end.Overall, a great restaurant! Generous portions, but we ate all the food because we were very hungry. I had the Chicken Marsala; the sauce was delicious! Other meals we had included the Veal Piccanti and Spaghetti and Meatballs, which were excellent. Dessert was cannoli. The filling was one of the best cannoli creams I have ever had!
I also loved the small environment and friendly service that I received here. The one thumb-down for me was that the restaurant is cash-only, but there are enough great things about this place that we made it work. Will recommend to others!This place serves up some really tasty, authentic, no-frills Italian food.  The red sauce is great.  Meatballs are huge and delicious.  Someone near me ordered the escarole and it smelled so good that I had vivid fantasies about stealing it.  Eggplant parm was also drool-worthy.  
Portions are big, so expect to share or take some home unless you're completely starved.  In my opinion, though the prices are a bit on the expensive side as mentioned in some other reviews, you really do get a ton of food.  It's two meals, so it evens out.  It's cash only, too, so remember to hit the ATM before going.
The one thing I found sort of weird is that I had to ask for olive oil to go with the bread, but they brought it out without any fuss.  That, and we had 2 different waitresses waiting on us, which is fine when it's not too busy but I can foresee it getting confusing in a packed dining room. (and who ends up with the tip...?)
Overall a very enjoyable experience.  Real gravy made right, helpful wait staff, and boisterous atmosphere.  I'm sold.Had the eggplant parm platter..good taste, good sized portion. Service good. Liked the ambiance. In a cool area where the Italian market is.If you're in the mood for simple, no-frills, home-cooked Italian, this is the place to go. The menu is full of choices but no explanation of what each one is (you should know). Marinara, meat and alfredo sauces are rich and flavorful and the pasta selection is good. The meatballs are huge and worth adding on the side if they don't come with your main dish. The wine list is simple (basically red or white) but there is a full bar. Oh, and finish your meal, or you might get sass from your waitress, especially if you try to order dessert without cleaning your plate. Yeah, it's that homey.Yeah, so this place.... What a gem on 9th, authentic as it gets and just has a family vibe as soon as you walk in. I'm a creature of habit and usually order the same thing once I find a dish that's done perfectly, but everything I've eaten here is really good and made in house so I'll be switching gears each time I dine here! The (insert protein or eggplant here) parmigiano is done as if grandma made it, gravy is on point and villa salad is enough for 2. For Italian comfort food I will go nowhere else as long as I live here or within 50 miles of here, it's that serious....enjoyMouth-watering pastas that are authentic, back-to-basics Italian cooking.  You won't find any drizzled accents or garnish on your plates here - because the food speaks for itself and doesn't need any special presentation.  The house salad is amazing.  Also be sure to try the fried asparagus.  Cash only and no ATM - though there is one two doors down.Stopped here after a Phillies game (the sea of red indicated a few of us all had the same idea) a couple weeks ago. The food was, as usual, delicious. I am always excited to hear about their specials, and it was interesting that night... tuna pasta. Probably not something I'd order again immediately, but cant complain.Found this restaurant by accident and so glad we did. We love the villa salad, the perfect mix of lettuce, dressing, shrimp and bacon bits. All the entrees we have had have been excellent. They are consistent and the service has always been very good.So I happen to love chicken livers. Villa Di Roma has Chicken liver Romano on their menu - it is wonderful. Add a dish of broccoli rabe(perfectly cooked) to help soak up the butter - garlic - amazing sauce.  An inexpensive bottle of Ruffino Chianti made for the perfect meal!. Service was super friendly and excellent!It's old school Philly Italian and it's delicious. They will treat you with common courtesy and respect but if they are busy don't expect a royal treatment.  You shouldn't be in the Italian market area of Philly expecting that anyway. If you are looking for a phenomenal meal then this is your place, the service is all part of the experience.Villa is hands-down my favorite place to eat in the city. My family started coming here when I was about 10 and we've been regulars ever since. I've never had better Italian food and I find that I crave it if I haven't been there in a while. The authentic Italian dishes are reasonably priced and consistently delicious. The food hasn't changed which is terrific because you shouldn't mess with perfection. I have ordered so many dishes off of their varied menu over the years and I have yet to be disappointed. There is a reason they have won Best of Philly marinara and Food Network's meatball food feud. I find that I actually have to stop myself from picking up my plate to lick the leftover gravy! 
Villa is the first place I recommend to people who come to Philly either to visit or to relocate. As far as good, old-fashioned, home-cooked Italian food goes, there is no substitute for Villa!Old school neighborhood Italian restaurant. Every dish was PERFECTION! If you're looking for fancy, you're looking in the wrong place. If you're looking for incredible food, great atmosphere and affordable prices, this is the place. Don't look anywhere else, you'll be settling for second best.What Villa is not is Fine dining..What Villa is..is Basic Italian done very well. Chicken Parm, Meatballs, Eggplant, Veal dishes etc..The cash policy can lead to a surprise if your not aware of the policy. The Chicken Bella is great!! Leftovers are guarantee. 
Only negitive is..Wish they could change their coffee..So when my only complaint is the coffee, they must be doing something rightI really wanted to try Bombinos the other night, but after searching for parking for ages and then walking into the restaurant only to find it was a demolition zone (the owner told us it would be back open in a few days... a sign may have been nice but whatever) we decided to keep the parking spot and find somewhere close. I had eaten at Villa di Roma once before and remembered it to be a cute little place so we told our friends to meet us there and headed over. The restaurant was fairly empty so we didn't have to wait at all for a table and the food came out quickly too... bonus! EVERYONE (there were six of us) loved the food and pretty much scarfed everything that was on our plates. I won't say the food is mindblowing or anything, but it's a nice Italian experience.. the waitress totally got into our conversation and practically pulled up a chair at the table, which was fine with us. Anyway, it's cute, it's cheap, no muss, no fuss.  The only real downside I could find was that the drinks are super small!Food was alright however in the Italian market you could easily find much better. The wait was short but there were only two other tables filled. They only accepted cash which was annoying because the ATM didn't work and we had to go next door for money. Not a bad experience but not a perfect onewe were dissapointed at spending $90.00 for two, for good/not great italian food in a $30 atmosphere. There are hundreds of restaurants with million dollar interiors and great food. Why eat here? We would never go back . Go to Ralphs,  a block away and and save money.This place is a disaster.. They don't even acknowledge your existence. They don't greet you when you get in, you have to go around asking people when you can get seated and they just say "ask that guy over there, he can seat you!" That guy then says "yeah it will be a while" so we just stand there awkwardly for a while.... We waited a half hour to get a table, and then waited almost TWO hours for our food to get there. Keep in mind, this place wasn't even busy! There were open tables and the waitresses were just standing around looking miserable. When we finally got our food, it was very disappointing.. The manicotti was so sour and bitter, truly the nastiest I've ever had. 
I can't believe this place has good reviews.. They seem so unorganized and the staff they have is very unfriendly.. Our waitress looked like she hated her life and everyone she served.
Never going here again, seriously sad place..CASH Only, just so you know :) My colleague and I were walking in the Italian market to eat, sadly there is not a lot of options. After walking back and forth we ended up in this restaurant. We sat at the bar and got the asparagus appetizer (Really good) and they gave us a bread. Colleague and I decided to try two different sandwiches, Meatball and Chicken Parm. We both agreed that the Chicken parm was really good! The meatball ? We were 50/50 it had a different texture and different taste than what we are used to, could be an Italian thing ? But it's not for us. The service was really good though, 2 big dining area and good size bar. Also they don't have beers in Draft.After 40 years of being a fan of the always good -- not great -- authentic South Philadelphia food here, my wife and I are sadly never going back.  Last night, we had a very bad experience as a result of a young, either inexperienced or improperly trained waitress, some sort of screw-up on the order, and a floor manager unwilling to accept responsibility for the problem.  In a half-empty restaurant, we waited too long for our salad, and then more than 30 minutes more for our entrees.  While tables that had arrived after us were getting served, it was apparent that the waitress or the kitchen had not processed our order properly.  Neither the waitress or the manager had the decency to stop by and acknowledge the delay (more than twice normal for this place).  When I got up and complained to the manager, I received assurances that the food would be right out and looks as if it were somehow my fault!  We ultimately paid for our salad and wine and walked out without eating the entrees that came almost an hour after our arrival.  A pity.Unbelievable. Steak pizzieola was incredible, the veal bellabuca was one of a kind and the fried asparagus was amazing. One of a kind, must-visit in philly..Eh... super casual place with super slow service.
I walked in without reservations and there was a huge party ahead of me. When I asked the waitress about the wait, she assured me it'd be less than 10 minutes, 20-30 minutes later we were finally seated.
The place is super casual. The waitress had us sitting for a good 5 minutes without a menu, even after we asked, another 5 till we got water and then 10 till we were able to order. We ordered the fried asparagus, spaghetti with meat balls, and ravioli with meat balls.
The food took super long to come out and they forgot our appetizer. The main course came out and I had to remind her of our asparagus. My ravioli was okay. nothing special. Just large, but thin, piece of ravioli with cheese inside. It wasn't anything that blew my mind. The sauce was okay. The meatballs were large and super tender, but each dish only had 2 and they were a bit on the salty side.
The asparagus, when it finally came out, was the best part of the meal. The sauce was a nice buttery deliciousness and the asparagus was lightly breaded and fried perfectly. If the service was better and we only ordered the asparagus, I would've rated the place higher. Maybe next time I'll try something else, but I probably won't be back.Had an early dinner last Saturday after a show at the Walnut Theater. Had not been to Villa Di Roma in many years and hoped to duplicate the wonderful memories. We were somewhat disappointed. We ordered clams casino which were delicious. For entrees we ordered our old favorite "chicken Sicilian" and also decided upon shrimp scampi over pasta($3.00 extra for spaghetti) The chicken Sicilian was tossed in hot peppers, onions, and olives in a smooth buttery sauce. Problem was that the white chicken pieces were very dry. The pasta under the deliciously seasoned scampi was over-cooked spaghetti. What a disappointment! If you are going to reheat noodles in boiling water, they should still be al dente! The waitress was attentive and very nice. It is important to maintain quality in order to maintain your excellent reputation. We will be back, but  hope that the chicken is plump and moist,and the pasta is al dente!!!Excellent Italian American fare, the marinara "gravy" is as good as it gets.  We had the spaghetti and meatballs as well as the veal parmigiana, both were great.  Nice large thick piece of veal, which was surprisingly tender, cooked to perfection.  Also tried the fried asparagus, another winner, but the lemon butter sauce was out of this world, we soaked it all up with the bread.  Next time I'm going for the shrimp scampi.  Tried the spumoni and cannoli for desert, the latter was the best my girlfriend ever tried and she is a cannoli snob.  Definite must try, oh and the waitresses are a hoot, we had some laughs, great food in a perfectly quintessential Italian joint.My friend absolutely loves Italian food and is a pretty good critique in terms of food. She brought me and our other friend here and informed us that they won the food feud meatball challenge on the Food Network, so we were excited. The restaurant itself isn't very fancy. It's simple and definitely low key, good for a casual date. We got bread and clams casino as starters and they were delicious. I obviously ordered the spaghetti and meatballs after what she told us, but in my opinion it wasn't the best I've had. I might have to go back and re-try it, but my friend claims it was amazing. Service was pretty good though.My absolute favorite little Italian restaurant.  Right in the heart of the Italian market.  It has the most authentic Italian recipes, reasonably priced, friendly staff.  Never disappointed. Classic favorites like manicotti and meatballs are always a winner, but every once in awhile they have stuffed peppers that will blow you away, they are SOOOO delicious. And I cannot say enough good things about the tuna! Oh and did I mention the Asparagus! OMG if you have never had them before, you cannot eat at Villa di Roma without having the Asparagus appetizer, even if you don't think you like Asparagus, you will totally change your mind after you try them.  They are deep fried and served in an amazing butter sauce, sinful!Really good home style place! No frills, super casual. Our son was screaming his head off, so we had to get our meal to go and our waitress was so nice and accommodating to us! Food was so good. We got the ravioli with meatballs and the chicken Sicilian. Definitely hit the spotSuper good food. I had the shrimp scampi for starters. Spaghetti and meatballs for my main. Really excellent.
The service was kinda bad. They couldn't seem to agree on who had what tables. It started out ok. My waitress started off attentive. Then she took my order and ditched me til it was time for the bill. 
Luckily, one of the other waitresses noticed I was getting the cold shoulder, so she basically adopted me. She filled my drinks when they were empty. Chatted with me real quick. And brought out my entree. Which I think someone gave her crap for cause I heard her say as she exited the kitchen, "Hey, I know. I'm just trying to be helpful. He's just been sitting there!" So thank you kind lady! I appreciate your troubles. Anyway, the original waitress was very nice; just absent.  
Great food. Service - although they're very friendly - needs WAY better organization.Came here off a recommendation from a friend and was glad I did. The pasta is fresh and the meatballs melt in your mouth. The sauce or "gravy" is phenomenal but does not dominate the dish- the meatballs have flavor on their own. The Ambruzzi sausage was sensationally seasoned and was perfect with the peppers and onions. I wish I had more time in Philly to return and try more dishes. If you're looking for traditional Italian food that feels like an Italian grandma cooked with love, this is the spot. It is good for families and a date night, is clean and the service is fast and friendly.Hearty italian food, full bar, CASH ONLY!!!
I can't really say whether or not this is "authentic italian food" since I'm not Italian... but I can tell you that i've eaten a hell of a lot of italian food, and this tastes pretty damn good.  It's probably more like Italian-American... which is just fine with me.  The red sauce is nice and thick, the Lasagna is out of this world, and the service is decent.  I've taken a few people here from out of town, and it never fails to impress.  This is a great, inexpensive place to take family (read: hard-to-please parents).  It really reminds me of the family italian restaurants I used to go to as a kid... it's casual, and no frills... just good hearty eats.I think the food here deserves negative stars but the service was good.
My father is Irish and on his worst days he makes better Italian food than this place does. That being said, my mother is Italian, grew up on 9th street and learned to cook from her grandmother; I do know what good Italian food is. 
I don't know how they won best meatballs, they are mushy and lack flavor and the chicken parm was overcooked, too dry and too cheesy.back in the city of brotherly love for the Mrs.'s sister's BDay 1/1.
1/2/2018 we head off to Philly for some lunch...meatballs & gravy, chicken Neapolitan the visions dance in our head.
but then..."may i help you?" yes, table for 5.
we are closed, were are steaming the kitchen, 
but we were offered the use of the bathrooms and recommended to wander to Ralph's.
but not before the kids got this photo oppThe staff make you feel like You're family.
Salad, mussels, chicken soup any of the pasta. Hit the spot last night. 
When I'm at the game or near the Italian market its a must. 
Cash onlyWe have been coming here for a
Few years now . Like a lot of ppl I first heard about this place on the Food Network. Also like a lot of ppl I have noticed that most of the places that are hyped up like this are almost always a huge letdown .. 
Not here . Have been here like 25 times and have NEVER had anything close to a bad meal . It's the epitome of what a good old fashioned Italian restaurant should be . Simple ingredients ,simple food done perfectly . 
Service can be a little gruff, it's not bad service but the ladies don't go
Overboard on the pleasantries . Which is fine, ur there to eat anyway . 
I've tried just about everything thing on the menu and all of it has been amazing . I will say that my faves are the veal Marsala and the Gravy and meatballs ..
This place has the best meatballs I have ever tasted . Tender,juicy and packed
With flavor . With the gravy it's an absolute home run . I'd recommend this place to anybody that likes good old school Italian food in a no frills no fuss no muss place .This is an old school authentic Italian restaurant. The food is excellent and it looks like it's been run by the same family for a few generations. If you're looking for fancy decor this isn't your spot but if you want excellent authentic Italian food you have to check this place out.Villa Di Roma is one of our favorite fallback Italian restaurants. It's not only consistently delicious, but it absolutely makes you feel like you're an extra in the Sopranos. I almost expect things to fade to black as I walk out. 
The menu is classic Italian american, and the service always makes you feel like you're visiting a family friend. You know that Italian friend's house you went over in elementary school when you first heard sauce called "gravy" and you got really nervous about eating it? Yup, just like that.
Portions are always generous too, so come hungry.
If you've got a picky friend, you can bring them here - because who doesn't love spaghetti & meatballs, lasagna, or fettuccine alfredo?
You can't go wrong here. Casual dates, group outings, Godfather II re-enactments...you're in good hands.Service was great the people are very friendly. Food is amazing.  MEATBALLS from heaven. very clean. prices is good for the food you get.  Parking is tough but sooooo worth itSlightly better than your average red sauce place.  The serving sizes are good and the price is fair for Italian food.  Good for groups, but be prepared, they don't accept credit cards.Wonderful old style red gravy restaurant. I hadn't been here in a while and missed the relaxed atmosphere and comfort food. We had seven in our Mother's Day group and everyone enjoyed their lunch. The kids ate Ravioli and chicken parm plus lots of bread and butter. The adults enjoyed sausage, mussels in white ( the best around),fried asparagus,villa salad,spaghetti with seafood, etc etc. We ended up sharing plates and the kids ate more than usual. Service was good and our waitress made the kids feel very comfortable. Good family restaurant and we will be back.Awesome meatballs. Anything Sicilian style. I ordered veal siciliano, but she also recommended the Tuna Siciliano. Friendly staff make you feel at home.My fiance and I loved this place!  If you're looking for real, authentic Italian food... this is the restaurant for you.  It's no frills - to make reservations you have to call up the restaurant (there's no online booking system), there are paper menus, and it is cash/personal check only. 
 I think that they even pencil in reservations in a hand notebook!  lol. 
 Some people view this as a pain, but my fiance and I found it pretty refreshing that the restaurant was so old school.  
The service was very personable and fast.  It seems like the owners, bartenders, wait staff, and cooks know and care about each other... so there is definitely a family vibe.  For our appetizer, we ordered the mussels.  The mussels were super big and delicious. They were drenched in a yummy white garlic sauce.  We dipped our bread in the sauce.  For entrees, my fiance ordered the shrimp primavera and I ordered the Lobster and Shrimp tossed in red sauce.  The red sauce is the bomb - not too sour or too sweet... it is just right.  We will definitely be back when we are in town.
Beware, this restaurant is good so it gets very packed.  On the weekends, we recommend getting seating before 7pm.Arrived at Villa Di Roma with a group of 8 anticipating our 2nd installment of Supper Club... This time south Philly Style.
Food amazing, solid, as my brother James had previously posted. I had a veal dish w lemon butter, capers and mushrooms. It was difficult to understand the menu items as they just listed them on the board/menu with no detail & the waitress seemed to be bothered as I ran down the list asking what each veal dish was. I get it. Your on 9th street, you get loads of tourist, and you expect everyone to talk & be Italian, right?
Just expected a little more pep in our waitress's step however I won't let it stop me from giving this Italian hot spot in the Italian Market a 5 star! Boom!!I always think twice about going to Villa di Roma, and usually after eating there, I realize why. It's simply solid - never great, never mouth-watering delish, and never ever ever anything resembling hospitable. But solid is sometimes worthy, and especially when dealing with where to go with a large crowd eager to eat but not interested in waiting for a table, well...you good do way worse. 
Actually, let me take some of that back. Their "gravy" is teachnically mouth-watering delish. My bad.Went on a Saturday night. It was crowded and we had a long wait which is understandable. We were told it would be an hour to be seated. It was almost two. Ordered clams casino. They were good but obviously not made there. I ordered gnocchi and meatballs. The meatballs were very good!  The gnocchi were not home made and tasted it. Service was slow but it was a Saturday night.  Gave it 3 stars cause it's not a bad local restaurant but it's not in my neighborhood so I doubt I'll go back.Stopped in to Villa di Roma for one of their famous meat ball subs before a flight to San Francisco. The sub was awesome! The meat balls, sauce and melted mozzarella were absolutely delicious and the sub lived up to its legendary status! In addition we received excellent service from Rita and one of the owners, Frank. We had a great conversation about my home town, San Francisco!  I highly recommend this restaurant when you visit Philly.I was very satisfied with food. Servers work hard; this is a busy place on weekends. Be prepared to wait, and it is noisy. But, they provides good value and traditional Classic Italian fare. The food is worth the wait. We shared  Chicken Sicilian, white mussels, villa salad which was plenty for two adults.One of the best Italian Restaurants I've been to. We had to wait a few minutes for a table on a Saturday night. Dominic was our waiter and he was fabulous! Made recommendations on food and wine. He was extremely attentive. I had the Veal Francese and it was perfect. I could cut the veal with my fork. My date had the Chickens Bella Bucca. It was very tender and flavorful. We had the house red wine, it was great and cannoli for dessert. Great place, great atmosphere. We'll be back.The family took a rode trip from Maryland to visit Villa di Roma's. The food was wonderful. The meatballs are huge and oh so tasty. I loved the sauce and I didn't have heartburn after, which surprised me. The service was nice and welcoming. I can't wait to go back.
M.MorrisYou know those days where all you want is a huge portion of chicken parm with a heaping side of pasta and a carafe of red table wine? Villa di Roma exists for those kind of days. This is old school, Grandma's kitchen, South Philly Italian food. The waitresses are as quick to call you hon as to give you a shot of old-fashioned attitude. It really adds to the atmosphere.
The mussels in red sauce are extraordinary. A far cry from the beer infused mussels that you find in most other parts of the city, these mussels are fat, juicy and smothered with some of the best gravy outside of my own grandmother's kitchen. Make sure to order extra bread to sop up every delicious drop!
Also, they get their cannolis from Isgro's. Enough said.Ive been coming here on the Down low,  my enire life.  Some of the greatest Philadelphia Entertainers are in pics all over the walls.  Rich History, a must if you are ever down The Itailan Market. People from Bobby Darin and Frank Sinatra have all eaten here.this is definitely more of an italian-american restaurant rather than tradition italian.
I had a veal and penne special, which wasn't that memorable and my bf had their famous meatballs with spaghetti, also not particularly memorable. However, I must say that the lemon fried asparagus was amazing!! Of course it was drenched in butter, but i've never had anything like it, perfectly fried al dente asparagus with a bit too much grease,
for the price tag, there's better italian food in the neighborhoodRolled in late on a snowy night to enjoy the clams in red sauce, gnocci, meatballs--the works. Excellent traditional Philadelphia Italian. For dessert, I ordered the tortoni out of childhood nostalgia. When the waitress heard us talking about tortoni and the little wooden spoon in paper it used to come with, she went back to the kitchen and brought me one. Great memories, great food.Please read this review: it comes out of concern for fellow yelpers. There are a dozen other italian restaurants in the area, so please please pick a different restaurant than this one. I would give this place negative stars if I could. I have never left a yelp review before but this experience was so horrible that it compelled me to make my first. I've been to this place twice, and both times the waitresses were incredibly rude (laughing about customers, kicking my personal belongings to move them, etc), and most importantly, the food was beyond mediocre. My girlfriend's pasta, which was fettuccine with sausage, peppers, and mushrooms, tasted like lavender soap and she could eat no more than a few bites. My own dish which was shrimp and scallop pasta, gave me food poisoning which lead to me throwing up the food an hour later.
I do not remember specifically what I ordered my first time, but I remember being beyond disappointed anyways.
Avoid this place at all costs!I love this place! Villa Di Roma is by far my favorite Italian restaurant in Philly. Every time I come back to Philly my first stop is always Villa Di Roma (I hope to land around dinner time so I can head right over there). This place is so laid back, you see people here in sport jackets and you see people here in track suits or shorts, anything goes. Every table has their own feel and is autonomous from each other, so dress how you like.
What can I say, Villa Di Roma has some of the best Italian food around. The entire menu is just awesome, from the chicken cacciatore to the lobster and shrimp over linguine to the mussels in red. 
The musts when coming here: start with mussels in red, either for yourself or to share. Get some garlic bread so you can dip it in the gravy. You also need to get the villa salad, you'll thank me later! For dinner, anything goes. Anything from the menu is pure win. The meatballs here are so good, even if you get seafood or a meat dish, I recommend getting a side of them just for the opportunity to eat some of the best meatballs around.
For dessert, the obvious choice is a cannoli. If you want to try something else that is delicious, order the tartufo (vanilla and chocolate ice cream around cherry puree, formed in to a ball, dipped in chocolate and frozen)... I'm dreaming about it right now. 
Just a reminder, they only accept cash!
I make the trek all the way from the Main Line, and on my flights home from Arizona I dream about stopping there for dinner. If that isn't enough motivation to come and try it, I don't know what else is.i have to regretably say this once,couldnt wait to go to resturant has been a consistant dissapointment lately... me and my sweetheart use to love to stop by here for a deliscious casual meal. was always a little annoying how they refused to alter the menu items in any way, but was willing to deal with that in exchange for a "perfect the way it is meal" but as of late the food has been oily salty and served with a side of just plain rude. the waitreses "make urself at home" attitude was at first a bit charming but now i realize after being embarrased by bringing a group of special people there who were down right insulted by they're behavior that its not at all charming.and the lazy rude waitresses there oughtta feel lucky tasteless people still exist,otherwise they'd benot only fat,rudeand lazy,but also unemployed..never eating there again  :(Mediocre Italian food.  Think Olive Garden.  Rude waitress.   No breakdown on the bill.  Just a total $ amount on a piece of paper???  $300.00 Cash only.  No espresso...  Had such high hopes walking in and pure disappointment on the way out.I know it's all awesome,, dishes are a party in your mouth, food, fun and family and friends ,,I like eating here with friends.  The italian food is very good but I agree that it is not outstanding.  The food and service reminds me of really good homemade italian food  served in an informal bar setting.  
In south Philly almost everyone  calls spaghetti sauce gravy.Long wait, rude staff, and slow service! our bread was cold and the service was horrible. Food is good but nothing special. Keep in mind, They don't split checks and cash only....totally not worth it.After watching Food Feud on the food channel, we decided to try the best meatballs in Philly according to the show.  I also wanted to see the 9th street Italian market, the oldest market in Philly. Everything was exactly as advertised. We walked into Villa di Roma on a Monday night when the market was closed and everyone was at home watching the Eagles play football. We were greeted by Frank and told him we had just come from Denver to try his meatballs. He then exclaims, "More Villa Virgins!"  I knew we were in for a treat.  Villa di Roma is advertised as having a full bar, cash only, and extremely casual; my kind of place. We were placed in the competent hands of Carol who guided us through our dinner selections.  I will admit that I cannot be a judge for the best meatballs as I do not have enough meatball experience  in my background but Mr. Mostardi, our 100% Italian friend, said they were as good as his grandmother's meatballs.  I considered them melt in your mouth deliciousness like something I have never tasted before. Dinner was concluded with a desert on the house as it was the beginning of my birthday celebration week.A three because it is run by good people that do a good job.  Food?  Sorry...over rated.Excellent authentic Italian food. Had to wait a very long time to be seated/served. No credit cards accepted.This place is an authentic, old school Italian restaurant.  It always feels like one of the Corleone brothers could walk in at any moment.  The staff treats you like family.  The food is basic, but very good.  For those addicted to their meatballs, you can also pick up refrigerated sauce and meatballs to go. It's a little pricey for simple pasta dishes (it comes with bread, but no salad), but if you're looking for real Italian Market cuisine, it's worth a visit.Have been going to Villa de Roma for 30 years. We love the food and the atmosphere (it IS South Philly) Their Chicken Sicilian is my favorite dish of all time. On our recent visit, our friends had Clams Casino which they said were good. The Villa Salad is excellent, as is their Garlic Bread. 
On weekends it is crowded, but tables move quickly and, if you have to wait a while for a table, the crowd is friendly and fun to watch. 
We do not miss a stop at Villa de Roma when ever we go back to Philadelphia.Amazing food. Old school Italian. Chicken Sicilian is to die for...still the best Italian restaurant in Philly in my opinion.Excellent old-school Italian joint with great personality and garlic bread.  Highly recommended.Hands down the best Meatball in Philly.  Their other dishes also do not disappoint.  The veal is also very tender and good here.  Friendly staff too.Ive been going to this place since i was a small boy and the food is always good. No matter what you get it will be good. One of my favorites is the sausage genovese.
EnjoyWe were wandering around the area, stopping to go into all the Italian market stores when we decided to seek out some fresh pasta for lunch. Man oh man, am I glad we did.
I ordered the gnocchi with oil/garlic/herbs and a side of the famous meatballs (2). The very attentive and friendly waitress brought the meatballs with our bread so we could mop up the extra sauce. The meatballs were fantastic. I would definitely go back and order. But the gnocchi! The gnocchi is why I'm writing this review. A plate piled high with luscious, pillowy pasta, perfectly soaked in oil and herbs. The garlic was strong and added so much flavor I couldn't help myself from finishing the entire dish.
If you are in the area and have a chance to stop at Villa Di Roma, do it. They are cash only but there is an ATM in the building.more like 3 1/2 stars to 4 depending on how the staff is feeling that night, the food is simple italian and tasty. cash only. neighborhood charm. go with a house wine or sam adams. Usu not a problem to get a table but fridays can be tough, just wait at the small bar - worth it.Deeeeeelicious Sunday gravy! No need for a knife to cut my veal parm. The meatballs were garlicky and sooo tender. Our waitress was the best (I haven't been called "babydoll" since my grandmother died)! We will be back!The food here was truly delicious but the service and ambience left a lot to be desired. As my family and I were being seated I overheard the owner tell our server that our party were "first timers" to the restaurant and followed that up with a comment about how that's "just what she needs." 
Here's the thing: I can handle some gruffness in personality and don't need a server to try to be my friend, but the waitress we had for dinner was just rude and offputting from the get go. Apparently holding out a serving tray for us to take on our water glasses is a thing here?
In the future, I would consider ordering take out from here but would never eat in the restaurant again. Definitely the worst service I have ever experienced dining out in Philly.This place tastes like being in Italy. My family went here for my birthday when I suggested it after being here once before. 
Their food is absolutely incredible. Everything tastes so fresh and delicious. I absolutely love their lasagna and their chicken Marsala was to die for, I'd recommend trying the fried asparagus too. Well just trying everything! The meatball was huge and basically melted in my mouth and all their sauces were so yummy! They also had a house red wine which reminded me of Italy and was as good as any vino della casa I had while abroad. I studied in Rome and this place took me right back. 
The service was great! Or server Honey was like a wonderful aunt who took us under her wing to make us fat and happy. Her recommendations were wonderful and she definitely felt like part of the family by the time we left. So delicious and I highly recommend it to everyone.Priceless flashback ... Didn't disappoint...carafe of Chianti..  cold Russian dressing salad with bacon bits and shrimp...delicious gravy and meatballs...comfortable friendly environment and will come back...so happy to have found an old school restaurant with great food that brings me back pleasantly to another time... Teresa our waitress was exceptional :-)We went in late on a Friday around 9:30. The restaurant was about half-empty and there were a number of seats at the bar. We sat down, ordered two drinks and asked to put in a food order. The bartender said "one minute." We waited 5 more and asked again. Then he said, "oh, we're not taking food orders at the bar, you have to wait for a table" Yet there were a number of people eating at the bar and I'd say twice per month I eat at the bar. I asked how long and he said "I don't know, a little while." So then I asked how long for a table and he said "I don't know." The whole encounter was extremely rude for a loyal customer that lives a few feet from the restaurant. Needless to say I got up and left. We have been loyal customers but the rudeness was unimaginable. We actually had our wedding rehearsal dinner booked for Villa next month. Not anymore.Delicious and authentic Italian food! Start your meal off with some garlic bread...save some for leftover sauce with your meal though! I had the chicken parm and boyfriend had the lobster pasta dish. Both amazing. Fresh pasta and not massive portions. We finished both our plates. We skipped dessert and opted for a bottle of wine. I could easily eat anything of their menu - you can't go wrong!I gotta give this place some props for being a paper table cloth type of family style italian restaurant. i love that type of place. And I also love the Italian market. And I love drinking house wine from a carafe in a highball glass. But the food is only run of the mill italian. nothing special and not really great. i had the ravioli and meatballs which were pretty good but other members of my party had clams and spaghetti, from which I watched this disappointed woman pour at least 6 ounces of oil into a glass, just by tipping her plate. And that's the main problem with the food, it's sloppy and over-sauced. this is also true of Ralph's I found, which is the same with a nicer decor.  Also one guy got some kind of veal and he thought they had forgotten the veal until he fished into the two inches of sauce that were covering it and found two very well pounded veal slivers beneath the sea of yellow cream. but like i said , the ravioli and meatballs was good, so if you find yourself there, that's the way to go.
I think some people expect this place to be really good because it is seated in the heart of the Italian Market, but really it's just kind of a tourist trap if there is such a thing in the italian market. If it were anywhere else i doubt it would get much attention or recommendations. that being said, I've had worse, but i don't like that Villa di Roma often represents the quality of South Philadelphia Italian food to many visitors. i would recommend Cucina Forte or L'angolo to anyone who wants good Italian in South Philly.Doesn't get any more Italian that this! Fantastic home cook ITA meals, just like G'mas. 
Ask for Dominic to be your server!I often have to eat alone so I am careful about the places I pick. I especially don't like to go to quiet romantic restaurants. I always feel very conspicuous. So, the other night I had a real craving for veal parm. I know there is one place in this city where I cant go wrong. So, I headed to 9th Street and plopped myself down on a stool in the bar. I was happy not to go into the dining room. Without looking at the menu, I ordered a veal parm and a chianti. What a meal!! What a veal!! It satisfied all my cravings and I could hang out comfortably at the bar. If you have never been here, go. Just go. do it.We actually decided to go here after watching Food Network and Rachel Ray's visit here. She reviewed the Chicken Sicilian but after watching the episode, it clearly showed this was a great Italian Restaurant. 
It's kinda hard to find as it's in the Italian Market, but I'm originally from South Philly, so I knew the area and where to park. 
The owners and staff are so awesome!!  They treat you like family even though you're not Rachel Ray lol!  They will even sit with you and describe any dish and make it exactly the way you like it. This is my kinda restaurant!!
The Mussels Fra Diavolo....OMG!!!!  So big, so yummy and filling by themselves!!!  Sorry my pic wasn't before I dived in but I couldn't resist digging in as I love Mussels!  
Hubby ordered the Steak Sinatra. Of course I tasted. Very yummy!  Love garlic...u will love this dish. 
I ordered the Veal Pizzaiola after the awesome waitress described it to me. They make HOMEMADE GRAVY!!!! (Yes, its gravy to me, not sauce, lol)
We also ordered a side of sauted escarole. OMG!!  
5 stars all the way. Love the food, the staff, the owners and especially the ambiance!!!
Definitely one of my favs!!Very traditional Italian place. I was hoping the tradition and quality would equal delicious food. We ordered some staples. Spaghetti and meatballs, Ravioli and Cheesecake for dessert. 
Come on man! The pasta was over cooked. I believe that's a sin. The gravy (aka sauce) was a little bitter. Personally I don't mind the tartness but my old lady did. The actual meatballs were big but there just felt like something was missing...Flavor. 
The Ravioli wasn't anything special either. Not bad not great just ok. 
The cheesecake was great. Dense and rich. 
The service was great. Our waitress Barb was attentive and quick. 
I'm sure the other items on their menu are probably dynamite but I just didn't happen to eat any.My husband and I were on the way to the airport after a family wedding weekend and needed to grab dinner.  We went in expecting a garden variety red sauce joint and left surprised and delighted.  There is no pretension about the setting , but its nostalgia is genuine and the warmth is real.   The servers and host, Pip, were warm and efficient, not planning on being your best friend but dedicated to getting you a great meal in a professional manner.
And the food deliverede in every respect. Drinkable carafe of house red poured into short squat water glasses.  Respectable table bread and mouth watering garlic bread.  Fried aspargus was not only perfectly cooked but tremendously fresh vegetable flavor dominated despite the richness.  We shook on some grated cheese and literally swooned.
The mussels in red sauce were some of the best I have ever had.  The mussels were plump and tender and the sauce was perfefctly balanced: the oceanic chords matched the melody of sweet tomato baritone harmonizing with a light tenor edge of spiciness - enough to makes your lips buzz without overwhelming the dish.  I felt terrible leaving sauce behind in the bowl and seriously considered a soup spoon or a straw or just picking it up to chug . . .
Fortunately we split the Veal Sicilian (mushrooms, onion, olives capers and cherry peppers in a creamy wine tinged sauce).   We were starting to slow down, but as they used to say, "Mama Mia!"  What a great dish:  fork tender veal scallops in a rich creamy sauce where every ingredient layered on the flavor - the cherry peppers added a notes of heat and vinegar that lifted the dish above the average.  The combination was greater than the sum of its parts!  We left no sauce behind with this one.
Anyway, it is so easy for old school places to start sleep walking through the standards or to cut corners on quality.    Villa di Roma has totally sidesteped those pitfalls.  There is such pride evident in the preparation and presentation of this food that it will be a mandatory stop on any trip I ever make to Philadelphia.First time there and last time.  We went in during the Italian Market Festival.  First of all they get you with being cash only.  Who does cash only when their entrees are like $20?  They are like we have an atm.  Give me a break place is too cheap to accept credit it's the cost of being in business.  So the food is pricey as the portions were pretty small.  The food was alright...nothing to write home about.  My friend then came in to joing us and she wanted to order something and the waitress actually refused to serve her.  The waitress overall were pretty nasty and not nice.  I don't recommend this place at all.Their food is perfect and the employees are so nice and friendly. I go here for every special occasion now, I'm going here for dinner after my wedding in December.We had Villa Salad and Ravioli with meat balls both were Delicious and YUMM .. I totally loved it.Just moved to the neighborhood and had to go check out this classic. It lived up to the hype. This is old-school, no-frills Italian. Great red sauce and meatballs and the marsala is fantastic. Bartender Dillon was very welcoming and made us feel at home. We'll be here every week nowThe best Italian restaurant in South Philly sooooo good. The food is off the chain. Not a drop left on the plate.Three times after being seated a waiter or waitress came toward us in the back then swung around past us to other diners who already been served or who were on the process of leaving.  Two tables who came in after us who were seated up front got waited on right away.  Tried to get the attention of the nice gentleman who seated us.  He turned away as I called out.  Talking about feeling invisible.  Food smelled great but we didn't have all night to wait to be noticed, so we just left.  Another restaurant got our business.  Shame.Old school! Hehe. There is nothing wrong with old school. You feel like you're visiting your relatives and they cook for you delicious homemade food. Simple but tasty. We loved that garlic bread. I wish I lived closer, its a good place.Awesome meatballs - definitely one of the best meatballs in the city.NO FRILLS. Get ready for throwback and authenticity. Came here the night before a half marathon (wifey) to fuel up to watch her run. Known for their homemade gravy meatballs and they did not disappoint (if you like the antiquated ball). Better than the meatballs? The baked zitti with asparagus. Hot damn the cheesy flavor that is heavenly baked into a warm soul does not falter with every bite. Only problem? Cash only. womp womp....Go here. Get mussels in red, garlic bread, and a carafe of red wine. Savor every bite. You can't go wrong here on the entree side- he had veal piccanti over pasta, I had pasta di linguine and they were both phenomenal - we spoke with our dining neighbors (a couple who has been going to Villa since 1979) and they recommended a number of dishes to try upon our next visit. Enjoy the personality of each of the servers, bartenders, whoever you come across while you enjoy dining here - they are making the best of working and it shows through, every single person who works here is personable and happy- maybe a little smart-assy if you get into a good conversation with them ;) I wanted to order a cannoli for desser but they were sold out for the night which was sad but not unexpected considering how busy they were. We will be returning- my only regret is wishing we had tried this restaurant much sooner- we have walked past it for years.Great authentic Italian restaurant located in the heart of South Philly.  If you want mom's home cooking the way we were brought up then this is the place to eat.  I know because this is where I am born and raised and the way I cook for my family today using all the old traditionsDelicious Italian food; don't miss fried Asparagus in a heavenly, buttery sauce;  crispy garlic bread and Pasta Linguine (mussels, shrimp, crab meat and clams)...everything so that you cannot stop eating. And the service top notch if you like 'normal' people serving you. Didn't like that they made we wait at the bar only to sell a drink while my table was open when I came in (just myself for dinner). Wine is overpriced, $7 a small glass. Otherwise would have given 5 stars.Great Italian food and service, old school neighborhood restaurant in the Philly Italian market area. Highly recommended.Despite having a reservation, we weren't actually able to eat here, so I can't comment on the food. I made a reservation about 10 days in advance for a party of six at 7pm. We all arrived on time, and the place was packed. We made our way through the crowd to the end of bar, looking for a host/hostess but no one ever acknowledged us. The waitresses seemed upset that we were blocking their path, but they still ignored us. We finally told the bartender that we we had a reservation and he said it would be at least 30 minutes (P.S. their reservation system is apparently handwriting names on a napkin). A gentleman next to us said he had a reservation for 6pm and was STILL WAITING at what was now 7:20pm. If the bar hadn't been so crowded we might have gotten a drink and stuck it out, but there was no where to wait without being in the way. We asked the bartender to cross us off his napkin and left.