On a scale of one to things that are awesome, this place is the bomb. 
I was drawn in by the promise of the duckfat frenchfries. Took the boy for his birthday and put our name in, had a drink around the corner while we waited and were given seats at the bar after about 45 minutes. 
We were waited on by Keith, the bartender, who was congenial, knowledgeable about his whiskeys and an all-around cool guy. We started with 3 cape may salts (two for me, one for the boy) and tater tots, both of which made me happy.
For dinner, I got Kentucky Fried Quail (stellar, though the succotash was not as exciting as I wanted it to be) and the boy got the 24$ Fois Gras burger, which was incredible. Worth every penny. The duckfat fries were pretty yummy, but not even the best part of the meal. I could've done without the cheese sauce, but as it was on the side I wasn't deterred.
I look forward to coming back here, with everyone I know.Picked up takeout from Village Whiskey (so I can't review the actual restaurant). The Whiskey Burger is pricy ($26) but is amazing if you're ok with a greasier burger. Super tender, the bacon is awesome and it's pretty big. If you can get past the price then highly recommend it. The Duck Fat fries are also rich and delicious.There is a great selection of whiskey/bourbon to suit anyone's taste. We had burgers with the fried egg on it and it was soo good and probably one of the best burgers I've ever had. The duck fries are a MUST if you come here. It is a cute atmosphere although we went with a party of 4 and it was a tad awkward the way our seating was and made it difficult to have conversation with everyone at our table. Overall, a nice place to go. We will be going back.fuck yes. meat, bourbon libations, and a salad (to round things out aka make myself feel better about ingesting the aforementioned two items.) i took myself on an early birthday date with myself and was not disappointed (neither in the food nor the company). i had a medium rare plain burger to see if it was worth all the fuss...no cheese, bacon, dressing, etc to disguise the quality of the meat. (of course, no bread either since i'm gluten free.) the burger was great - perfectly cooked and seasoned... though, i felt like a bit of a freak sitting at the bar eating my burger with a knife and a fork. i'd like to come back to try a fancypants burger since the extras look pretty tasty.  the salad was so-so; it was no frills with the perfect amount of dressing. the bartender-cum-waiter was super attentive but not cloyingly so. he made delicious sazeracs to accompany my repast.If you want The Best burger in Philly, this is the right place to come. The bread was fresh, meat was nothing but juicy, service was a amiable, price was descent and affordable to everybody!Dearest Reader,
Please allow me to hereby confirm the rumors: Village Whiskey does, in fact, have the best burger in Philadelphia. And, I should note, some of the best bartenders. 
As my wife and I sat at the bar waiting for our friends to arrive, I marveled at the infinite selection of whiskeys and bourbons. I decided that this, self, is the day you will begin liking whiskey. So I petitioned the bartender to "make me something awesome with whiskey in it." "What kind of drink do you want?," he inquired. "I have no idea, good sir. You see, I am a neophyte, a tyro, and fledgling when it comes to spirits such as these." (Perhaps my banter wasn't quite at this level at the time; I was already a few drinks in from my visit to Franklin Mortgage, but this is how I remember it going.) So, he thought about it for a while and proceeded to mix up the craziest drink I had ever seen -- it had whiskey, orange bitters, an egg white, Portuguese red wine, and other stuff in it! The verdict: delicious. I also had the "The Commodore" off the drink menu, and it was very good, too. The drinks are a little pricey here, and they will set you back around $11 or $12 each.
When our friends arrived, we were seated outside and I got to try to village burger and the short-rib and cheddar duck-fat fries. The burger, which comes with an artfully restrained dollop of homemade thousand island dressing, was unbelievable. The applewood bacon and the dressing served the elevate the already-incredible taste of the meat. I can't wait to come back and order another one. As for the fries, they were very good, but I think next time I will stick with the plain duck fat fries. Our friends ordered those, and they were super crispy and delicious.
Warning: this place gets insanely busy, so you might have to wait a pretty long time for a table. 
All in all, the drinks were great, the food was delectable, and the staff was very knowledgeable and personable. I would totally come back.
Still dreaming of that burger,
Chris M.Cool spot in a great location.
We got there early, so didn't have the same crushing crowds others have talked about.
The bartenders are awesome.
Made me a Perfect Rye Manhattan on the rocks, never had one before...I'm hooked.
Easily the best burger I've ever had!
Will absolutely be backMy brother and I ate here to celebrate my college graduation and I must say I was very satisfied. Great vibes in the restaurant, our waiter was outstanding, and the food was delish.Ok yeah, the service can be a little high falutin', and the wait is painful but this is THE BEST BURGER EVER.  That's all you need to know.  The BEST.SImply not impressed.  
I got a burger with blue cheese and carmelized onions. 
The meat was high quality, but the bread to meat to cheese ratio is all wrong.  The burger was very thick and as such left most of the bun meatless.  They could have made the burger thinner, gave it greater circumference, and not left me with a half grilled cheese/half burger scenario. 
Not a big fan, won't go back/order delivery.  Its simply not a good burger and at $60 for 2 people, I'd rather try the devil I don't know.Watermelon pickles were amazing and the wedge was done well with great ranch dressing and juicy plump partly sun dried tomatoesI love Village Whiskey, it's just a shame it's always so crowded. The bar snacks and their signature burger are delicious. I'm bummed they did away with the warm pretzels, but oh well. The whiskey selection is extensive and the bar tenders are very helpful and knowledgeable. But be warned: their whiskeys by the glass are definitely a bit overpriced.This is my very first review.  I figured reviewing Village Whiskey would kick me off to a good start.  
My wife and I arrived at 8:00pm and was told there was a 2 hour wait.  I read reviews prior to arriving so I was prepared to wait.  I was still a little surprised at how small this place is.  We decided to wait around by the bar.  After waiting for roughly 25 minutes, a spot opened up at a sit down counter, adjacent to the bar.  
For starters, we ordered the pickled red and golden beets along with turnips and black kale from their pickled section.  We liked the pickled beets but the turnips and black kale surprisingly where our favorite.  The acidity was mild and the black kale was crisp.  The toppings I ordered on my burger were Rogue Smokey Bleu, caramelized onions, bacon, and a fried egg.  I had high expectations for my burger and I was not disappointed.  It was cooked to perfection.  I wish I knew what grinds of meet they used to create their burgers because they had the right amount of fat to keep them moist and where full of flavor.  I was underwhelmed with the duck fat French fries.  They were okay, but nothing exceptional to me. The S'more milk shake was excellent!  The homemade marshmallow had all the characteristics and nuances of their camp fire cousins.  
I woke up the next day, thinking about the burger I consumed the night before at the Village Whiskey.  Hands down, this is ONE of the best burgers I have eaten!My favorite burger in town! The place is confortabke and has a great variety of drinks with bourbon. They should have a reservation policy.Go here and get a burger.  Get the King Burger and the Village Whiskey Burger.  Also get some pickles and eat your face off.  I like going here and just stuffing my face and enjoying every minute of it.  From the duck fries to the deviled eggs - order, eat, and enjoy.  Just go and eat and savor.  Yeah your gonna pay but it is worth it.My husband chose VW as the venue for last Tuesday's date night. I've been several times (both for lunch and dinner) and man, does this place get better with every meal. Having had the burger more than once (including last Christmas when I indulged in the Whiskey King [oh jeebus, was that good]), I ventured south on the menu and ordered the Kentucky Hot Brown. Cheese and butter lovers unite! This thing was incredible and quite possibly the most underrated thing on the menu (save for their Cobb salad). And good lord, that Irish car bomb milkshake! It alone makes the wait and the consistently snobby hostesses worth it.This was my second visit here, and it was much worse than the first. This restaurant is extremely small, and if there aren't any seats, you are welcome to stand in the back by the bar without seating, in the way of all the commotion. We stood by the bar for about ten minutes before we were asked if we needed something. We wanted to eat, but not standing up. We saw multiple tables open up, and had to ask if we could sit there, even though we were the only people waiting. We finally sat, and a young,brunette waitress came and took our order. We wanted two orders of the Short Rib fries appetizer, since we would be having it as our dinner opposed to sharing it, and she looked at us like we asked her to bring the whole cow to our table. She asked us if we were sure that we wanted two, and we confirmed that we did. The first order came out in about 5 minutes which was amazing. 10 minutes went by, then 15, and our server didn't even come over to see how our first dish was, just stood in the corner chatting. We got another servers attention after 20 minutes of waiting and let him know we were still waiting on our order. We also advised him that if it wasn't ready, to forget about it and we would share the first one. He came back and told us that it would be out any second. Another ten minutes went by, still no dish, still nothing from our original server. We let the young man know that we were no longer interested in the dish that was 25 minutes late, and then our original server finally decided to come over! Could you believe the first thing she said was "so im hearing that you never got the second batch of fries?". As if it was some kind of rumor. Then had the nerve to ask if we still wanted it. She took it off the bill but I was extremely disappointed with the service, and will certainly not return the next time I am in town. Especially since I got sick in the middle of the night from it. Village Whiskey, please train your staff how to serve properly, and give them some lessons on customer service.This is one of our frequent late-night stops, after we've gotten tired of the loud bars and are looking for a more quiet but still lively place to wrap up a night. We always go on Saturday nights and have never had to wait for a spot at the bar.
I actually don't drink liquor, so village WHISKEY may seem like an odd choice of locations, but they have a fantastic beer selection too. Honestly, I stopped here because it's a Garces joint and I would drink toilet water if he put it in a bowl with some cilantro. Plus, my boyfriend loves their whiskeys. And so do the other guests, which makes this place so fun: the last time we were there we ended up joining booths with our neighbors so that we could all talk about the restaurant and their liquor choices. It's a very cool, very like-minded crowd.
Food wise you can't go wrong with duck fat french fries. I feel like I don't even need to say that, because come on... duck. fat. french. fries. We also go for the cheese puffs on their late night menu as well: a hot pan of ping-pong ball sized bread balls coated in cheese and broiled and delicious and... oh boy now I'm, hungry.
And if the other reviews aren't clear enough... their burgers will have you singing hymns of praise to the meat gods.I first heard of this place from a dude I know, and then I heard Craig LaBan called it the best burger in the city. That must be the $26 burger that I didn't have (mainly because I'm not a fan of bleu cheese, and I didn't want to be "that guy" to ask for a different cheese) because the Village Burger was good, but not exceptional.
I got the "Village Burger" (8oz, Sesame Roll, Tomato, Boston Bibb, House Made Thousand Island) with bacon and provolone (+$3). It was huge, could hardly fit in my mouth huge, and delicious, but I don't think I can call it the best burger in all of Philadelphia.
The duck fat fries were great. They were big, crispy, and hot on the inside. I'm going to get the sly fox cheddar sauce with them next time.
The whiskey list is HUGE. 
It's so small inside they don't have "sections" for the waitresses (or it might have been because only the bar and outside seating were busy). There's the bar that seats maybe eight people, though I didn't count (it was full), four or five booths (completely empty at 5:30pm), and a little counter that seats five or six in the back (empty as well). There's more seating outside than inside. After paying one waitress, another asked if I wanted another beer. I'm not sure if it's a plus that there's always someone checking on you, or a negative because they're unorganized? 
 I'll come back, but my main goal will be to try the extensive whiskey list, not a burger.Woah! This place ROCKS! 
I stopped here for a late lunch with my partner while visiting Philly. We are huge burger fanatics so if you aren't into burgers then just come for the drinks as these burgers can be pricy especially with the add ons. I actually went overboard with the additions and found it to be too much. My partners simple burger with cheese ended up being perfect and tasty. 
I enjoyed a Mint Julep (was just in the mood for one) but can say that if you are a whiskey drinker, there are soooo many options. 
This place is a must for whiskey lovers!Nestled on the corner of 20th and Chestnut, it looks bigger than what you'll discover inside. A tight-knit community of tables, all filled, whether reservations can be made or not, saddled around a long bar, and some standing room to place your beer and food, if standing is fine. 
Wander in at 6:00 on a Saturday, and are told its a 2 hour wait for a table. Bar is a much better option. Was able to grab a seat at the bar as soon as we got in. 
Bartenders are friendly. The wall of whiskey (or whisky) behind the bar is quite impressive. 
Food is quite delicious. Village burger with sauteed onions and blue cheese is quite the tasty treat. Burger is cooked a shade under what you request, which for medium, a bit redder is fine by me. The wife got a pulled pork sandwich, and salivated over every bite. A side order of duck fat fries in a cheese sauce compliments the meal well. 
Pricing is surprisingly reasonable. Definitely on the list as a repeat place to go.Food is absolutely amazing!!! The drinks were pretty high priced but if you are going just for dinner it's completely worth it. I found this place on yelp and after reading reviews, I couldn't wait to go. It was everything I expected. A must go.I went here for happy hour a few weeks ago, and as I was disappointed that there was no "happy hour" I was not disappointed in  my experience in village whiskey. The drinks were fantastic- great exotic combinations. The veggie burger was probably the best I have ever consumed. I have been here several times when I cannot even get in for a seat, so be prepared. The drinks are small and expensive but delicious, but hte food is reasonably priced. I will definitely be back!Food was very good I had the chicken sandwich which was great, however if your drinking here I hope you have time to wait since it takes FOREVER to get a drink. I mean like 30 min to just get a beer.The service was uninviting and made my group feel unwanted.  When we arrived it was towards the end of the brunch on Sunday.  The host was not friendly and gave the feeling of us being a burden to them. Once pointed to self seating and having a seat, the waitress brought waters but we were left without menus.  I went to the front to inquire about menus but the waitress has jumped in front of me after over hearing my wife ask me about the menus.  I apologized and told her we didn't know if we were suppose to get our own menus or if they would be brought to us.  She just stared not indicating anything.  I just walked back to our seats with her where she handed us the manus and then walked away again not saying anything.  After sitting for a few minutes my wife and I didn't know if we were suppose to order at the bar or with the waitress and at this point I was annoyed with the service and decided we should just leave.  I will never go here again!i just love a good burger!
its done right if its cooked to the perfect medium I ordered.  patty was thick and juicy. fat was dripping out.  thousand island sauce adds to the extra fattiness. bun was lightly toasted and oily.  everything was fatty!
tator tots was soft and crunchy and, again, greasy.
a little on the greasy side for me....but for others, thats what it is all about.
ive had burgers multiple times this week, and within the week, the village burger was the best of the ones i hadIn a direct Bobby Flay vs. Jose Garces match, i.e. comparing Bobby's Burger Palace and Village Whiskey, I'd say BBP clearly wins.
Village Whiskey's biggest weakness is actually its high price. Taste-wise, my medium-rare burger with goat cheese and egg is comparable to BBP or 500 Degrees. The meat and egg were prepared the way I like it, and the toppings were of high quality, especially the cheese. (Note that the egg yolk is runny! If you don't like that or are afraid of salmonella, let them know.) The only thing I did not like as much was how heavily the hamburger buns were buttered. That was just a little bit too much for my taste, but I know many people who would love the slightly sweet, buttery bun. However, the burger I got was 16 dollars (11 for the burger, 3.50 for the cheese and 1.50 for the egg), which is exactly the price of the burger at Craigie on Main. In case you don't frequent Boston as much, Craigie's is a 'real' gourmet burger where French fries and a small salad are included in the price. At VW, we had to order French fries for 5 dollars on the side, which were delicious and came with a well-spiced ketchup.
I like the atmosphere of the place, and the location which made seating outside more pleasant than at BBP's right on Walnut Street. The service also was excellent (very much unlike BBP). The staff appears professional, they are attentive and fill up your water very regularly.
All in all, it's a 3.5 - the good burger, atmosphere and service warrant a high rating, but the extraordinarily high price (for what you get) is rather a downer, and I can't give 4 stars to a place where I am unsure whether I'd want to come back. I do like the concept of letting the customer choose their own toppings, which allowed me to choose a combination of toppings you never see but I personally enjoy. On the other hand, the menu of this place is largely uninspired and boring, which in turn is Bobby's Burger Palace's strongest point. If you are in the area, this is probably the highest quality burger + fries you can get - but it comes at a steep price.The burger blew my mind! I wanted to say "Can I have another?" but there was no way I could fit it in - this burger is not only delicious but it's huge. You definitely won't leave hungry but I do encourage you to try and squeeze in some duck fat fries...they are worth it! Also love the cocktail menu. I will certainly be returning.This place was exactly as advertised.  Showed up at about noon on a Saturday, the place was busy but we were able to grab the last two seats at the bar.  Village burger was incredible, so was all the whiskey we tried.  Highly recommend the Manhattan, one of the best I've had anywhere.Several friends and I continued our mini-pub crawl of mixology bars (begun at Franklin Mortgage and Investment Co.) here. Good move!
We parked it at the bar and got the show from Sasha, the bartender, who kept up friendly banter with us even as she concocted a variety of beverages throughout the course of our stay. 
The cocktail menu was fairly extensive, broken down into Prohibition- and Repeal-era drinks, not to mention long lists of bourbons, ryes, and scotches. I ordered an Aviation (a drink I make myself, with my own brandied cherries, but here they do it the right way, all out with Creme de Violette to tint it blue like the sky; Sasha let me take a look at the bottle, perhaps to know that it wasn't some awful curacao!) 
For another friend she created a drink with Art in the Age of Mechanical Reproduction's Root liqueur (which is made with the roots and herbs used in old-fashioned root beer), chocolate bitters, seltzer and orange. 
We also partook of food here: First, duck fat fries (which have been a trend in Chicago, where I live, for at least a year, but I'd never had them; I'd never eaten anything involving duck before this, so now I suppose I have lost my duck fat innocence). These were thick-cut, rich in taste [gratis the duck fat, one presumes], not actually greasy, but definitely better when ordered with the cup of cheese sauce on the side. 
We also got soft pretzel sticks, which would have been fine but not especially remarkable without the mustard sauce (which had a distinct taste of raspberry, to my mind) pooled in the cup underneath them.
Overall, this was a friendly place with fab drinks and great food. I wish it was in my city.Was in town on business so why not.
The burger itself was cooked to med-rare perfection the whole patty through, which makes me wonder if they sous-vide it and then give it a quick sear.   The meat itself, while quality, lacked proper seasoning. 
Foie gras has absolutely no business adorning a burger that also contains such overwhelming flavors as bleu cheese and bacon.  Or even a burger at all for that matter.  Its ALMOST as dumb as the concept of a kobe burger.  In any event, it's a gimmick thats worked well for this restaurant, to be sure.  I took mine off and ate it separately. It was delicious and i recommend you do the same if you want to taste the extra $12 or so you are spending. 
The deviled eggs were a pass. Nothing you couldn't replicate with google search and an ability to properly boil eggs.Food looked good.  Nice decor.  Hip crowd, and crowded on a Tuesday - portends good things.  I just thought no room at the bar, no music, just chatter.  Not inviting - so we left.  I'll try it again. But for now, no go.The only reason I am giving this place 2 stars is because of the HOSTESS!  Now, I go to a lot of restaurants. The hostess (petite black girl) is extremely rude with an attitude. As soon as we walked through the doors, she looked at us and said the wait would be 30mins (which wasn't the case because she sat another couple down 5 min after us). Someone needs to fire her! She brought our menus over and just put them on the table, rolled her eyes and walked away. No smile, nothing. What a horrible start of our meal. Then the same thing happened to the couple who sat next to us where the couple said thank you for bringing the menus and she walked away without saying anything or smiling! 
The bartenders and waiters are attentive and nice. 
The burger here is wonderful! It's big, juicy and full of flavor. 5 stars for a delicious burger!This bar was created for guys. Great place to hang out with friends. Heard the burger was the best in the city. Tried it out and it was amazing. Make sure you order the duck fat fries too. If you're in Philly this is the place to go to. 5 starsdisclosure: review is for food only and not on the whiskey unfortunately
a friend took me here expressing this was the best burger in all of philly. 
service was efficient and there wasn't a wait at all that tuesday evening at 6pm. we were bummed they didn't have a happy hour. the burger portion was super generous and i had trouble eating it without my utensils. the quality of the ingredients was great but i still felt as if something was missing.. wish there was an extra sauce or dressing element to make it a bit juicer though the meat was far from dry. it was just missing something for me. there was a long list of add on's (at a cost) that maybe i should have splurged on? it was pretty dark in there and i was too lazy to tackle that part of the menu. i was uncomfortably full after so i'd probably share a burger if there is ever a next time.
it was a decent burger but not worth any potential long wait and definitely out of my normal price range for a burger. this place left me really missing home/in n'out...Village Whiskey's burgers are PHENOMENAL!  Always cooked to perfection (medium rare for me!).  It's like a religious expeirence eating these things.  Went with my boyfriend there on our first date last summer and he's been addicted ever since...as are my sister, all of my friends, and coworkers!  I haven't met one person who doesn't love them.
I'm a former vegetarian who cannot believe I was missing out on these burgers for 4 years.  I am now MORE than making up for that time lost! :)Eh....Let's just say I'm glad this was not my only Jose Garces stop for the weekend.
The best thing about this place is the music. Absolutely awesome rock from the 60s, 70s and 80s. Tunes you know, tunes that sound like the hot sisters of tunes you know, tunes that take you back to when you played doctor with a Fisher Price stethoscope--yeah, music like that. I definitely did my fair share of Shazaaming and "I gotta go back and listen to that album"-ing.
The food itself was pretty mediocre. The boy and I did a weekend-long food tour of Philly and this was stop #65 or so, so we weren't extremely hungry coming in.
We came for the duckfat fries. But, well, they looked and tasted like normal fat fries except possibly on the drier side. The cheddar sauce helped a lot but I love french fries and believe good fries taste good without condiments of any kind, so the cheddar sauce wasn't too comforting to my fry-loving soul. We then split the chicken-fried steak. Holy oversalted batter, Batman! Waayyyy too much salty batter, about 0.23g of actual chicken. The gravy was okay but nothing remarkable and the biscuits were tender but too dense.
I did love my cocktail, though. Got the Philadelphia Fish House Punch and it was a good, strong, sweet cocktail. Between that and the frat boy/bachelor party table next to us, I had a pretty good time here but definitely won't be coming back next time I'm in the city of brotherly love.This place has the most amazing burger in philly. I've tried the village burger and the whiskey king. they're both amazing, but I don't know if spending an extra $15 for the foie gras is worth it. It is nice to have foie gras like maybe once a year. Although the village burger is only $11, after you add all the extra stuff that they charge ridiculous price for, like mushrooms ($5), the burger will come out to like $20. It's totally worth it though.Walked in, excited to try the burger and tots. Small place but, 3 tables open. We sat down and were ignored Until mgr came over to ask if our name was on the waiting list, we said we passed the hostess and she didnt asked us for our name for waiting list. He said people were waiting, meanwhile, no visable people in cue to sit! He told us to get up and wait in a corner near the bar! We left! We had just been in a large group who dropped $$$$ on drinks, snacks at the sister restaurant Tinto next door too. Rude!I've been to Village Whiskey twice; once in 2012 and I just returned in November 2015. After my first experience I ranked the burger pretty high. A lot has changed since then. Shake Shack came to town (literally right across the street) and I've eaten numerous delicious burgers. Returning around 5:45 on a Friday we were lucky to score seats at the end of the skinny counter in the back of the restaurant. It is very tight quarters and there are no hooks for purses or coats. We started with the fried shrimp as an appetizer. The portion size allowed an easy split between two people. They were small shrimp served with a dipping sauce with a bit of a spicy kick. I had the village burger and added cheese for an extra $2.50 accompanied by duck fat fries.  The burger was decent, but I would not longer suggest it is worth the wait or the cramped quarters if you don't have a table. The service was shotty, as we had to constantly ask for refills on our water and diet cokes. We didn't even have drinks when our entrees arrived. They don't take reservations so it's really luck of the draw coming here.One of the best burgers I've ever had! Village Whiskey has high-quality meat, great preparation, and awesome sides -- it's my favorite burger place in downtown Philly. 
The aioli and fries are delicious, too. Last time I tried truffled cauliflower; I'm not usually a huge fan of picked foods, but it was fantastic! The cauliflowers and carrots were crispy, and the juice had a light but very tasty flavor. I would definitely order it again. 
The one catch: it is pretty expensive. Probably place you would go to for an especially fun or nice meal, but might not be able to afford each week. 
The decor is cozy and up-scale, with small round tables surrounded by tall couches to sit on. You can hang up your coat when you enter the door, and the hostess stands behind a large wooden whiskey barrel. It's a small restaurant, so it's better for dinner with a few friends or a date than large groups. The waiters are very friendly and attentive, and service is quick. All in all, a very pleasant dining experience!It was crowded and a small place but they had AMAZING burgers! The food was wonderful! Best burger I had by far! The drinks were good too!Look, I would have given this place a much better rating if it wasn't for one thing, the hostesses... and I'm not referring to those delicious prophylactic wrapped cakes made of chocolate, air, and pure magic.  I swear they hire these girls on looks alone - "tight pants, high heel boots, and wear that nose high."  They obviously have little to zero math skills, or are fans of Einstein and reject time completely.  Every single time I trek to this place, I fear I might lose it when walking in the 2x2 foyer where one of these anti-Newton fashionistas is prepped to tell me the wait will be about two hours.  The place seats maybe 50 people tops, with zero people waiting outside (the only place to wait), and barely any names on their scribble sheet.  I can guarantee you that you'll get the same response unless they are subjective to a certain type of clientele, that usually appears to be midlife crisis men exacting revenge on life by dating girls that resemble their daughters, or younger couples that try to divide the class of the place with the ability to get obnoxiously wasted in less than a half an hour.  You can give your name and number to one of these ladies, who will promptly call you in the amount of time it takes you to chose another nearby restaurant and get seated; nowhere near their previous predicted span of time.  This could be some new trend... you know, like all those other hard to get in bars that only serve hamburgers.  Now for the good stuff; the burgers are excellent... some of the best, if not the best in the city.  The selection of whiskey, as the name should denote, is quite expansive.  The décor is warm and inviting, though a tad cramped if you're not sitting towards the front of the bar.  Both Tinto and Village Whiskey always seem to have excellent bartenders, with not only the experience sought after, but the social skills as well.  My suggestion is to definitely try this place out, but pick a weekday and take a bottle of wine just in case, because Melograno is only steps away in the chance you'll be told it'll take the sum over histories to land an exclusive spot to have... yep, a burger.Sorry Yelpers, but I thought this Jose Garces restaurant was just okay.
Village Whiskey is pretty tiny.  About seven round tables that could fit maybe three people (might be able to fit four, but highly unlikely) and some room at the bar.  Came for lunch at 11:30am when they opened, and by about 12:15pm, all the tables and most of the seats at the bar were taken.  
We were the second group to be seated, and although there was no one else in the restaurant at the time, our waitress seemed to be preoccupied after taking our order.  She knew we were still deciding on drinks, so why didn't she check on us again?  Hello!  She wasn't very attentive and seemed like she would rather be elsewhere.
I ordered the Village Burger (an 8 ounce burger on a sesame roll with Boston bibb lettuce, tomato, and house-made thousand island dressing: $11) and added Jasper Hill cheddar cheese ($3.50) and fried egg ($1.50).  Perfect brunch meal right?  Eh.  Was just okay.  The burger wasn't anything spectacular, definitely not anything to rave about.  It was juicy, but lacked flavor.  Usually the bun makes the burger (for me at least), and I thought the sesame roll was okay.  Tasted like an everyday burger bun to me.  The cheddar cheese and fried egg were a nice additional to the burger.  At 8 ounces, this burger is pretty huge!  Could definitely serve as another meal or late night snack.  http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EtKSTHV5Qx_Q7Aur9o4kQQ?select=QZ4Yn47TLprQlbCRWMtZdw
We also ordered the duck fat french fries with sly-fox cheddar sauce ($7) to share.  I've always always wanted to try duck fat fries.  These left me wanting more.  Really...is this what they really taste like?  I hope not.  These fries were more soggy than crispy, and left a weird after taste in my mouth.  The cheddar sauce was a welcomed additional, but not necessary.  The sauce would have been better if it was hotter.  
When our waitress finally came back with our food, we were able to order the Irish Car Bomb shake ($9).  Ours definitely didn't look like a lot of the pictures that were posted on Yelp.  For $9, this shake better be spectacular!  Again, it was just okay.  I did enjoy those chunks of brownie pieces though! http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/EtKSTHV5Qx_Q7Aur9o4kQQ?select=EbqJLiD6Pkw7u1KgFVmJAA
RG ordered the Whiskey King (an 8 ounce burger on a sesame roll with maple bourbon glazed ciopollini, rogue bleu cheese, applewood bacon, and foie gras-$26).  Massive burger.  The bleu cheese was almost non-existent.  I tried a bite, and the foie gras was pretty good.  The applewood bacon was a nice touch.  But again, the burger was just okay.  
FYI-Don't look up at the ceiling fans, they were so filled with dirt, that you might get dust in your eyes!Great drinks!!! I got the zombie one which was strong and yummy.... Three drinks later and I had to debate whether I was headed down the right path for the night haha! ALSO... give me all the duck fat fries my heart can handle with a side of cheese!!! Next time I'll get the fries with cheese AND short ribs... they were so sinfully good...Such a disappointment. I was expecting this to be one of the best burgers I've ever had (as I've heard) and some of the best fries, and I was completely underwhelmed. I ordered a burger with truffle mushrooms and a fried egg- cooked medium. The burger was completely over-cooked, way too salty, crumbling on my plate, and I couldn't drown it in enough ketchup to make it taste good. The fries were soggy and cold. My stepmother ordered the chicken sandwich and the chicken was so dry! Shake shack is WAY better. Sad. A for presentation, F for execution. Sorry but, if you're known for burgers and fries you should have a chef who knows how to execute.Darn awesome. Love the ambiance, love the food, love the music. My father even drank whiskey here and loved it, which is just crazy making. Also very friendly and fun bartenders/staff. Highly recommended.
Only downside - it gets packed, and there's really no place to wait.We arrived here late Saturday night for dinner.  Although we were done drinking for the night, we were in the mood for an excellent burger and Village Whiskey came highly recommended.  There was a half hour wait for a table, and there were no seats at the bar, but a party of five didn't show up, so we were seated within a couple of minutes.  We each ordered a Village Burger medium rare with cheddar, and the boyfriend piled on bacon as well, with a side of duck fat fries and a chocolate shake.  
Hungry as we were, the entire meal (except the pickle) was an utter let-down.  The burgers were more watery than juicy and overly seasoned and the fries were also incredibly salty as well as burnt.  The boyfriend's chocolate shake was served in a cocktail glass and tasted like cocoa, that is to say, not right, and utterly disappointing.  Between us we couldn't finish a drink served in a mojito-sized tumbler.  Although our server passed by frequently to refill our water glasses, we were never asked if everything was all right, not even when presented with the check.
Maybe we just came on an off night, but I really can't picture myself coming back here.  Sad, because the decor kicks ass, and the cocktails were tantalizing.I have been trying to come here for what seems like an eternity, but there was always something in the way.  (Like the one day when I was "finally going to eat there" and as we walked up there was a sign on the door stating that because of malfunctions in the kitchen, they were only serving drinks and cold food.  Needless to say, I didn't go in that day)  Finally, the stars aligned and I was able to eat here.  And I'm happy I did.
I went in with two friends after getting our nails done and sat at a table.  We ordered drinks, truffled cauliflower, and an order of tater tots.  They put the tater tots closest to me and I can't control myself, so no one else at the table got tater tots.  They were really good.  I ordered the burger without the thousand island dressing and with cheddar and caramelized onions.  That was a GOOOOOOOOOOOD burger.  Cooked perfectly, juicy, and the roll was soft and pillowy.  It didn't last long on my plate.  We got an order of duck fat french fries for the table and while they were good, I think I liked the tater tots better and would probably order them as our side next time. 
My only issue with Village Whiskey is the space.  It's so small.  They crammed the three of us into a space that really was built for two people.  After we left, each one of us realized that our legs were cramped and sore from trying to squeeze into that tight spot.  Maybe next time, and there will be a next time, I might consider asking for a bigger table.   (Do they even have bigger tables? I was so enamored with my food, I didn't look around too much)Walked in for the first time after a drink next door at Tinto (which was very nice and the bartender was pleasant, Dan). Squeezed us in at a small round for 2. Ordered a Blanton's rocks and they were out. Went with our second choice and the drinks never came. Server was too busy talking to other tables. He was overwhelmed with the amount of tables he had I think. We never got our drinks so we got up and left without ordering dinner.Had the Kentucky Brown, deelish!! My friend had the duck fat fries that looked amazing and he had one of the burgers that was also outstanding he said.Had high expectations since it's always tough to snag a table. Unfortunately today's brunch was nothing spectacular...my chicken and waffles were terrible. My husband ordered the burger which was good, but outside of that, nothing blew us away. The seating is also really cramped...and the loud couple nearby watching videos on their phone was annoying to say the least.Gosh.... I still just love this place.. I moved away but my burger buds remained with whiskey village..Duck fat fries with shortribs and cheddar cheese = DELICIOUS. The burgers were good also, which we had with bacon and cheese. The second time I went to Village Whiskey, I had the fries (of course) and the Kentucky Hot Brown sandwich (open faced turkey sandwich topped with melted cheese and surrounded by some bacon and tomatoes and a delicious cheesy bechamel sauce). The bechamel was probably the best part of the dish - everything else was pretty ordinary. 
Also, the service was great. It was surprisingly empty for a Saturday afternoon, but I think most people were probably sitting outside since it was a beautiful day. The waiter was attentive and helpful when we asked about the drinks. My friend ordered the Bee Charmer which was deliciously refreshing (it had chamomile infused gin with some lemon, honey, and other stuff I can't remember).Looked for whiskey bar and chose #villagewhiskey on recommendation og @cocktail_maven and it was casual dress....  staff was great, food was great and duck fat fries finished my patty melt perfectly. Good selection of whiskey....little bartender was great and climbed to top shelf a few times to retrieve or search for bottles. Awesome probition style bar.Like the whiskey selection, the bartenders are lively and knowledgeable. The food is great, especially the burgers and sandwiches.My boyfriend and I got to try the Black Label Burger at Minetta Tavern and we came here to compare it with the Whiskey King Burger.
My boyfriend felt the Whiskey King was the sure winner. There was a lot more texture going on with the crispiness of the bacon and the creaminess of the cheese etc. He felt the Black Label was too monotone.
I, on the other hand felt the Black Label won out. Yeah, I dug all the texture going on with the Whiskey King, but I felt the flavor of the meat on the Black Label was far too superior than the Whiskey. Not only that, it's just a better deal. $26 at Minetta gives you a delicious burger with a side of exceptional fries. $26 at Village, just gives you a burger. Fries are extra. 
Ok, ok, I know what you're gonna say next. You get a slab of foie gras on the Village Whiskey burger! Yes you do, but what's the point if it gets over powered by the flavor of the burger and bacon and blue cheese...
Foie gras just doesn't belong on a burger. It needs to be enjoyed on it's own.
Alright, enough about the burger. What about everything else?
Village Whiskey doesn't take reservation, but that's because the place is small! When we got there, there was a 45 minute wait, which we were ok with. They take your name and cellphone number and actually send you a txt message when your table is ready, so you can leave and wander around the surrounding area while you wait for your table. When you're table is ready, they will hold it for 15 minute, so you don't have to make a mad rush to get back. I thought this was pretty cool.
I was in the mood for trying one of their shakes, so we decided on the Irish Car Bomb. It was smooth and creamy and the piece of frosted chocolate cake garnish was exceptional. If I wasn't so full after my meal, I would have gotten more of that cake for dessert!
We also got an order of truffled cauliflower pickles as an appetizer and shared and order of duck fat fries to go with our burgers. 
The pickles were great. The right amount of sweet and sour. It was accompanied with bread, butter and an olive tapenade.
The duck fat fries were just ok. Tasty, but I didn't see a difference between them vs fries fried in any other kind of oil.The staff were great and very friendly. Our waitress even helped us make an order of the tater tots...but tossed in duck fat! (say what?). The whiskey king looked awesome and was tasty. However, I do wish they change up the foie gras to other fancy items from time to time (not a huge fan of liver in general). Better get here earlier-ish--the place fills up!I come here for the duck fat fries with short rib. Everything else doesn't matter to me. Those fries are all I care about and are enough to get my undying devotion.I have to say, I don't get the hype. After waiting a long time (but shorter than expected -- it seems a lot of people on the list just end up dining elsewhere), we finally made it in to the hallowed halls.
As other people have said, although "duck fat fries" sound like they will be a total taste explosion, they just taste like normal, so-so fries. Monk's or Eulogy has better.
The burger was also just ok. Come on Philly, where are the good burgers at?!
The one thing that impressed me was the popcorn shrimp appetizer. They were seasoned well and had a nice breading. Yum!I mean how good could a burger be?  I have had some good burgers in my day but the burger at village whisky is on another level.  I mean most high end burgers are thick and juicy with a very good seasoned flavor, this burger was all of the above but the juiciness of the burger  was amazing. When I took my first bite the burger literally squirted across the small little round table we were given.  I have never had a burger that did that. I was talking about this place with a close friend and he said the same exact thing.  Also the burger wasn't too dense and the flavor was fantastic!   DELICIOUS!!  We got the fries with the brisket which I thought was too salty, it couldn't really taste the fries that they are apparently famous for.  We should have just gotten the regular order of duck fat fries, they looked crispy and seemed like they were served with some kind of aioli by looking at other peoples orders.  All in all the best burger I think I have had EVER!!!I'm giving Village Whiskey five stars because you know what?  It's a damn good burger.  And they don't mess around with anything else.
It's my center city roadside diner.  Stop in for a quick lunch at the bar - chew your burger, read the paper, move on.Came here to grab a drink with the girlies. There were easily available seats at the bar. I asked the waitress to recommend me a spicy whiskey and she brought out a more-than-your-average shot of liquor on ice. I loved it. It went down well and I'll be coming to this bar when I visit Philly again.
Excellent service!Well, my bf and I were going to eat here for his birthday (a Sunday night) and off we went. The place is the size of a shoebox. Seriously. It is one of the smallest restaurants I have ever seen. Considering Jose Garces opened this post Iron Chef, what's his excuse? Anyway, we were informed it would be a half hour wait and had to give them our name (OK) and cell phone (odd). We were, of course, asked if we would like to sit at the bar. We went back, sidled passed a waiter or two and quickly realized there was absolutely no seating at the bar. I told the hostess we would be having a drink elsewhere, and to please keep our name on the list. So, we went and had a beer elsewhere, and about a half hour later, I asked my BF if his phone had rang at all. It had not. He called VW and was informed that they had called. We went back to VW and the hostess chirped that it was their policy to call twice. I said I had a hard time believing that as my bf's phone showed no missed calls, no messages, nothing. She said we could wait another half hour, if we liked. I almost told her to go eff herself. My bf used their bathroom and we went to Standard Tap instead. 
So the 1 star is for their total lack of space and lame waiting list procedure. 
The food I saw looked good though. 
Maybe I will go on a Monday at 4:00 or something.Great service every time I go. Every single thing from the drinks to pickles to burgers are amazing! Also, recently discovered they have a brunch menu. Flights of bacon?! Sign me up! Worth the money. I'm not even a vegetarian and the black bean lentil burger is absolutely superb.A friend brought me here while I was in town. We were originally going to go to Monks, but with the lack of parking, we happened to fall upon this place- am I am glad we had!
I was intending to get a quick bite, but ended up sharing a burger and an order of duck fat fries with the cheddar sauce. YUM.
The burger was very fresh and delicious and the fries were also great. I wish it had more of a duck fat flavor but that's just because i love duck fat and wouldn't mind drowning in it.
The place itself is very small and very crowded, but good thing we were able to grab a counter space! Make sure to ask when you get there if you can sit at the counter- because those seats might be free.
I didn't get the Whiskey King burger, but being a foie gras fan, I so wish I had- I will definitely return and get it next time!
A great (but tiny) place that is very rowdy and loud- but the food is deliciously fattening!My wife and I had the opportunity to have lunch at Whiskey Village on a recent trip, who could pass on a burger with glazed cippolini onions, and foie gras? The Village Burger did not disappoint. Juicy, thick and well seasoned, this is a delicious bit of ground beef heaven. The duck fat fries were decadent and perfectly crisp and salted. My hot brown was equally tasty with just enough smoky bacon and creamy mornay sauce to turn roast turkey into a sublime morsel. 
We ate at the bar, made new friends and savored a delectable lunch. A couple of pints of a local IPA complemented the meal perfectly. Chef Garces has a hit...keep up the good work!Amazing  burgers and bartenders who know how to make bourbon based mixed drinks.
But boy is it a pain to actually eat there.  They don't take reservations so be prepared to wait and wait and wait.  Tiny place so you're likely to end up in an uncomfortable corner or on the edge of a seat with waiters and patrons constantly brushing past you.Would probably have gone four stars , but the duck fat fries were not close to some I've had in NYC.
The burger was very juicy, cooked as ordered and quite large. The BBQ pulled pork with fried pickle was as good as anything I've had when I lived in NC. Service was good and would go back, but wouldn't bother with the fries. They were fairly bland and not real crunchy as I've had at other spots.
Prices are a little on the high side, place is really small, but if you are looking for almost any scotch, bourbon, rye etc., then this a really good place to stop. Enormous selection of whiskeys.Very cool atmosphere in Philly! We came here on a weekend and the wait was going to be over an hour. We came back during the week and there was still a wait for a table but the bar was open. Honestly we probably had more fun sitting at the bar than if we had a table. I got the veggie burger and my BF got a regular bacon cheese burger. He enjoyed his burger and ranked it in his top 5. I enjoyed the veggie burger and it was quite large, but I quite honestly was wishing for more sauciness or some moisture. I would not say that this was the best veggie burger I have had and for the price I was slightly disappointed. I did, however, immensely enjoy the tater tots! They were crispy on the outside and like mashed potatoes on the inside! Whatever sauce they give you to go with it was delicious as well! All-in-all, I enjoyed my dinner at the bar at Village Whiskey. It is a bit pricey, but if you can swing it I don't think you'll be disappointed!If you want to figure out how to get into this place I am here to tell you....Monday for lunch. I walked in with a friend at 12:15, could have sat at a table and there were zero patrons at the bar. We sat at the bar. Burger was awesome. I ordered mine with cheese, friend onions and a fried egg minus the lettuce and tomato. Absolutely loved it. Fries were only decent. I agree with some other posters...the duck fat does not translate. Cheese sauce was decent but not legendary. If I were to do it again, I would get the same burger and try other sides. Skip the fries.We had eaten hear before and loved it.  This trip was totally different.  Although the restaurant had only one table filled when we arrived, hostess seated the three of us at a very small table for two, then seated someone right next to us.  She then complained that we were oozing over our table space onto the other people.  Hostess was VERY rude.  Beverages were good, but service was very slow - also odd considering most of the restaurant was empty.  Food was sub-par with tater tots and shrimp being so overcooked that they were inedible.  Pulled BBQ sandwich had so much fat in it it was impossible to eat.  This was such a disappointment since we are big Garces fans and eat often at his other restaurants.  Maybe this was just a bad day for them.I went here with some friends and I would recommend this place for some great drinks. They have some unique cocktails and cordials. But I was disappointed in the food.  It was just bland and nothing exciting.  The service was pleasant but it didn't make the food any better. Come here if you're looking for a variety of booze but don't come hungry.We stopped into Village Whiskey on the last night of our stay in Philadelphia on the recommendation of a local.  It was a VERY good choice and we were happy to have chosen this location for our final outing of our vacation. Service was very good, with clean, efficient, pleasant gentlemen at the bar and making the table rounds. 
Village Whiskey boasts a SERIOUS drink menu and an eclectic, locally sourced food menu.  The place was packed to the gills with a vibrant after-work crowd having happy-hour cocktails and you could clearly see that this is the regular bread-and-butter for Village Whiskey- great atmosphere!I don't drink, so sometimes I'm at a loss when I accompany my partner to places like this, but I'm happy to say that in addition to literally hundreds of alcoholic beverage choices, they also had some pretty tempting non-alcoholic choices!  I had a really delicious freshly squeezed lemon-aid and my partner had a local on-tap beer to start.  
As an appetizer, we shared their famous duck fat fries with sly fox cheddar sauce.  They were everything you can imagine they would be- rich, crispy, salty, unctuous, and full of flavor.  Wow, we were delighted that something as simple as a 'french fry" could be elevated to such an artful presentation! For our meals, I chose the Kentucky hot brown, and my partner got their Villiage burger.  I opted for tater tots (my weakness) and he got even more fries.  The hot brown was exceptional- an open faced sandwich on a fluffy brioche roll piled high with smoked turkey, bacon and mornay (cream) sauce.  it was one of the best I've had, being from New England and not having the opportunity to enjoy these Southern treats very often!  I was in heaven! The burger was an 8oz local beef that he enjoyed with bacon and jasper hill cheddar. It arrived glistening and piled high with fresh toppings.  He deemed it, "excellent all around!"Probably the best burger I've ever had. The duck fat fries were amazing. I didn't have great expectations of this place (we were headed here for the boyfriend's brother's birthday) Everything about this meal blew me away. The service, was sub-par. She could have been a bit more attentive and there were seating issues since they didn't have a table to seat a large group so we had to wait upwards of 45mins-1hour to be seated even though we called ahead of time.Bacon Beer and Bourbon, everything that really is all I need in philly. come during off peak hours, and ask the bartender to make something for you.Only reason not 5 stars is we had a 2 1/2 hr wait, but we soon found out why.... Actually two reasons, 1) it's a great spot, 2) they have only a handful of tables.  Definitely worth the wait.  While we did wait, we each partook in a sazerac, that would knock your socks off.  Finally tabled, like true Americans, we all ordered burgers.  We each said "this is the best burger I have ever had".  The duck fat fries and tater tots were all very good.  It's no wonder Jose Garces is so well renowned.Can get busy and is first come first serve..arriving earlier than normal rush hours (11.30 am..5.30-6pm) is recommended to avoid long waits.
Food is diverse pub kitchen, good drinks and beer.
All round one of the 'classiest' pub diners in center cityAll I wanted was a local microbrew, a locally distilled gin martnini, a foie gras and bacon burger, and duck fat fries. Leslie, the amazing bartender helped me find the brews and spirits, and the menu did the rest. I have had Boulud's foie gras burger in Vegas, and this was better. The trick is to let it set up / rest for 10 minutes so that you can still eat it with your hands. Otherwise, it's deliciously messy. Then cross the street to Capogiro for National Geographic's #1 rated gelato in the world. I would suggest running across the street for a taster of the hazelnut, or salted carmel, then running back to Village Whiskey and chasing it with some Yamazaki 12. Then repeat.The burgers here live up to the hype. They are delicious and so are the short rib french fries.. These things are amazing. The only downfall is the size of the restaurant which results in a 45+ min wait.. Can be up to a 2 hour wait on a Friday or Saturday night but it is still worth the wait.. Just put your name down and take a stroll through Philly or go to the irish pub down the street and grab a drink. they will shoot you a text message when your table is ready!30 minute wait for 2 at 8pm on a Thursday night. Not bad. Nice hostess and waitress. Lovely atmosphere, but a little cramped. The deviled eggs were the best deviled eggs I've ever had. The fried pickles were also amazing. The burger though, was incredible and probably one of the best I've ever eaten. It is expensive, though. The duck fat fries were outstanding also. I randomly ordered the Brooklyn cocktail because I know nothing about whiskey, and it was strong, and good. Overall an amazing experience, and a little pricey, but you get what you pay for.The atmosphere was comfortable. The service was great. I had the Whiskey special burger. It was big, tasty, fresh, and delicious. It was a bit expensive but the cost reflected the quality.ok vegans seems weird but this burger joint is an accidental vegan hot spot.  the food is great and i love the service and atmosphere.  drinks are top notch. the servers are well informed and go out of their way to be helpful! 
Vegan Items as follows: 
* Tater Tots (cooked in soy oil)
* Veggie Burger WITHOUT THE BUN (note the bun is *not* vegan) 
*Pickled Veggies - *note the black olive tapenade is VEGAN as well as the sourdough bread but obviously the ricotta spread is not - just ask for it w/out. 
love it here!HOLY MOLY this place has the best burger on the planet.  I think my next AC trip won't be for the gambling or a concert, I'm going for the burger!  Well done, Village Whiskey, well done!I come here for the best burger in Philadelphia. I love their whiskey burger. Their french fries are delicious but you have to order them as a side (they do not come with the burger order).
It's by far the best burger in the city. 
Seats are limited in the winter. Summertime, they have outdoor seating.This place lives up to the hype!
We had the Pickled Herb Cherry Tomatoes and Golden Beets.  Both were excellent, although I would give a slight edge to the cherry tomatoes being my favorite.
I had the Irish Car Bob shake.  The shake was very well executed.  Thickness was just right, and the taste was on point.
Whiskey King!
Man oh man..  This burger is the King of all burgers:  Maple Bourbon Glazed Cipollini, Rogue Bleu Cheese, Applewood Bacon, topped with Foie Gras?!  Just writing this review and reminiscing the heavenly bliss of eating this burger makes my mouth water and stomach growl.  Fair warning though, if you aren't willing to get down and dirty this burger is not for you!  It is a monster of a burger that you need to take on with two hands and a big mouth.  The guys at Village Whiskey did an amazing job constructing the burger, all the toppings goes inexplicably well together.Great bar to meet up with friends and the bartenders are fast and attentive. I want to go back right now.Went here on a Wednesday night after spending some time out for Sips.  It was pretty crowded but that was probably  due to people getting the drunk munchies during Sips.  They said there was a 30-45 minute wait but we were able to find two seats at the bar right away.  I was surprised about how cramped it was inside but it does make for a cool intimate atmosphere even if it feels a bit crowded.  Ordered the deviled eggs which were eggcellent.  Ordered the classic burger which was delicious.  I know the burger here is famous for being one of the best in Philly and I felt it lived up to that reputation.Overall, a cool but classy place for drinks. The menu is beautiful - so many options, and definitely not just limited to whiskey, so there is something for everyone. The bartenders were decently attentive, and drinks were tasty (we tried everything from the Old Fashion and One Legged Man to some of the fruitier drinks). We didn't sample any of the food since we were all heading out to dinner afterwards, but everything going by us appeared to be good, and smelled delicious! Only complaints involve the crowded nature of the bar / seating layout, where we were constantly being bumped into by waiters trying to serve food. Overall, seating is somewhat limited but in true Garces fashion, the place is usually pretty full. There also didn't appear to be any sort of happy hour...if you expect prices to be high, there won't be any surprises. Will be back to sample more of the drink menu!Expect to feel guilty after leaving this place...if you are on a diet this is not the right place for you.  Find a way to work off the pounds, your taste buds will love you for it.  The burger is as good as they say it is...I would say standard tap gives it a run for its money, but I am a little biased.
The fries with braised rib was simply awesome, the serving is HUGE so be careful order other appetizers with it or you probably wont finish.
The place is a little small and tables are close so don't expect the most romantic place, but come on you are shoving fries covered in cheese and braised rib in your face, what do you expect? I would say go on an off day to avoid the wait if you can.If you are someone who loves putting fancy toppings on their burger, Village Whiskey is your place. And if you are someone who loves over-the-top fries, even loading them up with cheese and meat, Village Whiskey is your place. If you are like me, and just want a simple cheeseburger with salted fries, Village Whiskey is NOT your place. 
Now, what I do really like about Village Whiskey is their pickles. They are the perfect combo of sharp, salty, and sweet. The pickles come with thick slices of bread, the most luxurious butter-like dairy product (It seems too good to be butter, yet it's obviously not margarine and is probably just really good butter), and tapenade. I especially love their beet pickles.
I have also gone to Village Whiskey a few times for cocktails. While I believe they are typically full on weekend evenings, I have never had a problem finding a seat on a weeknight or after dining hours on a weekend. The cocktails are well-crafted.
So to sum it up, over-the-top burgers and fries (good or bad depending on your preference), fantastic pickles, and solid cocktails!Fantastic Whiskey Selection, Great Atmosphere & Fabulous Brunch Menu.. need I say more?I love the regular burger, but the veggie burger is the best I've ever had. Oysters are great too.Incredible whiskey selection as promised. Everything you could dream of. A few flight options. Food over delivered!  Burger is huge, thick and tasty. Duck fat fries were amazing!  Small place. Very comfy but seems like prime time could be hard to get in.Simply solid. I've been here twice. Came here about 5-6 years ago and remembered liking it so much then I was so delighted my friend brought me back last week. It's so yummy! The burgers rock! And the cocktails ain't too shabby either. Gotta love a Chef Jose Garces spot. The pickle boards are also awesome! The ricotta I could literally slather on everything. The deviled eggs though fell a bit flat for me. I think the filling needed much more flavoring and depth. I want a mix of salty, savory, spicy. It was just ok. Definitely would come back since that Patty Melt is a thing of beauty. Mmm.Three friends and I went to Village Whiskey for an early dinner on the 4th of July 2015. I am new to Philadelphia, so a friend selected the restaurant. It is on the small side but has great atmosphere -- a nice old bar with plenty of mirrors, calm bartenders who seem to love their jobs, good music, and not one single TV to harsh my mellow. 
To start, we ordered the excellent pickled beets and 2 orders of the duckfat fries which was a good, if generous, slate of starters. The pickled beets were fantastic -- really fresh tasting, perfect sourness, and served with some perfectly crispy crostini, olive tapenade, and whipped butter. The fries were hot and tasty, but not for me. I prefer thinner fries and their fries are thicker, steak-style fries that tend to be a little mushier inside. For steak fries, they were good, but not for me. 
All four of us ordered very different items. I had the veggie burger, my boyfriend had the pork sandwich, and we had the sort of "deluxe" burger with fois gras as well a more standard burger by the last member of our group. All were pleased. All were almost sickeningly full, but that's likely our own faults for ordering hefty starters at a place with generous sandwiches as the main offering. I did not order a cocktail or beer because, honestly, I was feeling cheap and cocktails are $12 and small. That said, the offerings looked top quality and the bartenders looked skilled enough to warrant a very pricey cocktail. Overall, I was impressed and plan to go back. Perhaps JUST for cocktails at that pretty bar.Ordered village burger and it was ok at best. Didn't blow my mind for a highly rated burger. Drinks were decent but normal priced for center city. Wouldn't go back, but overall wasn't too bad. Shake shack is close by! P.s. our waitress wasn't impressed by our shamrocks attire...lighten up!Came in late on a Friday night past typical dinner hours to grab food with a friend. I ordered a chicken sandwich and my friend ordered the popular village burger. With my initial bite into my chicken sandwich, I knew something was wrong. The inside seemed tough and very hard to even cut with a knife, and I had my friend try it to confirm. My best guess would be they used frozen chicken but did not fully thaw it prior to cooking, therefore having a very hard middle! I quickly notified the server who sincerely apologized and I chose to go with a burger medium well. With the first bite into my burger, you could see a pool of blood oozing from it. Although I normally may order burgers medium rare or medium, I asked for medium well. The surprising thing was my friend ordered medium and his plate had not a trace of blood. 
Despite the establishment replacing my order quickly, which should be the standard protocol of any order that was messed up, I am highly annoyed/dissatisfied that I was not offered anything (free drink, the messed up order to be comped). 
I have been here several times and ALWAYS receive great food/service. The lack of customer service and a bad food experience has put a bad taste in my mouth with Village Whiskey and will not be returning there.This review is based solely on food.  I'm Mormon, and Mormons don't drink (theoretically). But let me fill you in on a little secret-- not drinking means you indulge in food that much more because really, it's all you have to cling to. 
Village burger, duck fat frites WITH cheese sauce.  Pickled beets with ricotta and olive tapenade. Perfect in their simplicity, each and every item.
Service sucks but I liked the food so much I don't really care. It's the size of a tuna can in this place and it's a bar so I wasn't expecting super attentive service, but it was borderline obnoxious.  Perhaps when you aren't tossing back drinks and racking up your tab the server isn't too pleased you're taking up a table? I can understand.  I'm guessing on the weekends it's out of control, but on a weeknight it was tolerable and we didn't have to wait for a table.First of all, let me say this: Go early. Go on a weekday. Be prepared to get cozy with the others who've come early on a weekday.
From there, I'll talk a little about my meal in particular. We went for my birthday, as I've been reading and salivating over the menu for a while. I got the Ginger Rogers (diiiivine, spicy and not too sweet, just the way I like my gin drinks) and we started with the deviled eggs, which were clean and had a tart, almost mustard-y tang to them. Well worth it.
Skipping ahead to dessert: the smores milkshake is topped with a lovely caramelized HOMEMADE marshmallow, and, if you've never had a homemade marshmallow, well, go ahead and see what you're missing. You'll never go back to those storebought stale cylinders. 
The pulled pork is yummy, though not the best I've ever had. And I've got a little secret for you, though: it comes with a side of fried dill pickle chips. I'll say that again: Fried. Dill. Pickle. Chips. Here's where the secret comes in: you can order these as a side, though it doesn't say so anywhere on the menu. Our waitress tipped us off, saying she eats them all through her late night shifts. A ringing endorsement if ever I heard one.
Oh yeah, and the fries. With cheese sauce and shortribs. It's absurd, but it works.After reading great reviews about this place I finally tried it with a few friends. I ordered the veggie burger which had rave reviews. Almost all said that it was one of the best veggie burgers they had ever had. I didn't think it was. I also ordered duck fat fries, which I also wasn't a big fan of. 
Other than that the service was great. Our waiter was attentive. The ambiance of the place is very cozy too. I would go back but probably only for drinks.Meh.
After reading and hearing a ton of hype about the Village Whiskey burger and duck fat fries, my husband and I ventured out of South Philly to try it out. We were super lucky and excited to find two open bar seats without having to wait an hour. 
When I asked the bar tender if the burger came with fries, he laughed and said that other restaurants only do that as "filler food" and that we'd have to order them on the side, they're just that good. And that the burger is so amazing that you don't need fries. We thought "fair enough, must be good." 
We got our burger and the fries. At best, the burger was mediocre. It was juicy and on a nice bun, but otherwise a very expensive ordinary burger. The fries were also pretty standard. There were few and they were presented nicely in a little cup, but pretty standard. 
While we were full at the end of our meal and it wasn't terrible, it was just average at best. The bartender was a bit cocky about the food which also was a big turn-off. I'd rather head back to our hood at Royal Tavern for a delicious, juicy and flavorful burger + plate of fries for less than half the cost.Good sized burger with a big patty of meat, but can't say it's the best burger in town.  We also had the veggie burger- definitely would not get that again...too dry.  We came for lunch on Sunday, and there was no wait.  If we were in the neighborhood again we would eat here again, but a place I would not crave to come.Lord almighty. The burgers - they know how to do'em. 
Got here on a later side of a Thursday night - there were couples everywhere making out in the cozy booth seats. I wasn't having any of that - I just wanted me some good burger. And I had one so I was happy as a clam. I can't even get my thoughts organized to rave about the burgers. My mouth is salivating right now - to the point of droolage. The burger is cooked to perfection(got med-well because I was second-doubting the grill-man...should have trusted him and gotten med-rare! next time...)and the cheese, mushrooms, tomato, pickles, lettuce... I scarfed it down within minus 3 minutes, I believe. My friends who were not (wo)man enough to get a beautiful burger got a little dessert thingy that they were still working on when I looked up from licking the last bit of burger juice on my plate.
OH and they have raw oysters, too! I have unconditional love for places that has raw oysters. Done. I love you, Village Whiskey.
However, I didn't care for the duck fat fries but it's just me because everyone else liked it very much. But that's because they didn't have the burger, I'm assuming. 
Honorable mention...the hostess that was working last Thursday night(Feb 10th or Feb 3rd - I can't possibly remember) - you greeted me ever so nicely and you took me right to my table so I didn't have any in depth conversation with you but you were the most pleasant hostess I've seen in a very long while..even working in that little vestibule with cold air leaking in from the front door, you had a genuine smile on and very welcoming. Thank you!Whether you will love or hate your experience at VW will depend on how well you plan for the kind of experience that will make YOU happy. Do you like to be in an "it" place? Are you OK with crowds and long waits?  If so, then you'll have a good experience braving VW at a prime time (weekend night, lunchtime). If not, there are plenty of times the bar is almost empty and you can enjoy a relaxing, delicious meal and chat with the bartenders - but you'll need to plan to go at an off-peak time. Some of my best VW experiences have been at 2:30 in the afternoon, stopping in for a late lunch and mid-afternoon drink. 
I've found the bartenders to be professional, knowledgeable, friendly and accommodating in the extreme. They're always happy to recommend a drink - or even craft one specially for me - based on nothing but the most vague suggestions or knowing what I'm having to eat. I am not a whiskey drinker, but even I can tell that the selection is extensive and the bartenders know their stuff. Whether you are a novice looking to explore or a seasoned whiskey drinker looking for a treat, I'm sure you'll find it here. 
The food is very good, although somewhat expensive. My favorite is the pork sammie, which comes with the most incredible fried pickle chips. Although they are only on the menu as an accompaniment for the sandwich, they *will* serve them to you alone if you ask! Which I highly recommend. The first time I ordered the sandwich I was a little disappointed - the meat was overly fatty, and the sauce was overwhelming the bun - but it's improved every time I've eaten it since. The burgers, as the other reviewers attest, are phenomenal. 
You should definitely leave some room to try something from the "pickles" menu. My favorite are the heirloom tomatoes - they have a wonderful texture and are bursting with flavor. The artichoke hearts were also delicious. All of the pickles are served with very good ricotta spread, tapenade, and bread. These are some of the best deals on the menu, if you're looking for a small bite, they're perfect.I'll add an additional star for the last time I went, which was on my birthday last week. 
One of my girlfriends took me here to celebrate the 25th year with expensive burgers and gimlets. We sat at the bar and had a fabulous night. Our bartender (I don't remember his name) humoured us the entire night! What a great guy. We found out that we are all neighbors and that he likes to cook meat underground in his backyard! He even showed us pictures on his iphone. So much better service than I have had here in the past. 
Our fabulous bartender let me drink my gimlet in a coup, which was great...because they obviously taste better that way. 
The burgers are still good, but I have reasoned that they arent as good as they could be because you really cant eat them with your hands. You have to go with the knife  and fork approach, which is fine...but not quite burgerish. 
We also had the fries and cheese sauce, which I will say was probably worth the $18 dollars or whatever we paid for it. 
I think you're best bet here is to go with only one or two other people and eat at the bar. Hopefully you will get to see delicious pictures of homecooked meat on iphones too.My friend from out of town is a burger connoisseur so I thought this place would be the perfect place to take him for a casual lunch. The burger of the month at the time included pork belly, an edamame spread, and some sweet and tangy asian sauce that was amazing! I'd heard a lot about the duck fat fries so we ordered them, but to be honest I was a little disappointed at how bland they were. It was a bit emptier at that time of day so the service was fine, but I wouldn't necessarily come back.
I've also been here for the bar at night, which I prefer. Limited seating but really delicious drinks!Went Monday for lunch with the family. We went to the Village Whiskey when it was in AC and enjoyed it. The Philly location is very small, just a few tables but just as good. Great burgers and awesome fries. Worth the extra money, though the lunch special was fairly reasonable. Village Whiskey does not disappoint!Whiskey is my drink of choice, and as you could guess Village Whiskey has them all.
Great atmosphere to go relax, sip a fine whiskey or scotch, and talk with the local crew.
The burgers get all the attention they deserve, and yes, they are on the pricey side, but you knew that before you walked in. It's Garces, you pay, he delivers.
-John WiedermanI consider myself lucky for coming across Village Whiskey out of the blue on my first ever visit to Philadelphia. I was on a short road trip with a dear friend and her mom. We ended up parking right by the entrance of the restaurant with empty stomachs. 
The staff was friendly but tables were high, small and cramped. They sat the three of us at a table that was clearly for two. We nearly  got up and left but were lured by the  sight of the burgers at a table beside ours. 
One glance at the menu and we were hooked. We started off with the house made cheese puffs and the fried shrimp. Both were very scrumptious. And you wouldn't expect fried shrimp to be so tender and juicy. We skipped the pickle selection and I regret it. I took a picture of the pickles at a near by table just to remind me to order it next time I'm there.
For our main course we shared the bbq pork sammy with cole slaw on tender bun. Oh my gosh, it was beyond perfection. Tender pulled pork embraced in tangy homemade bbq sauce. 
We also shared the Whiskey King - 8oz of juicy, seriously juicy medium rare burger, topped with applewood bacon, rogue blue cheese, maple bourbon glaze cipollini and a slab of perfectly seared foie gras. One second for me to regroup after remembering this epic mouthful. 
And as if we needed more richness out of a meal, we made the wise decision to order the red velvet milkshake. The best milkshake I have ever tasted. Enough said. :-)The Fish House Punch is back on the drink menu...ahhh...always a good place to grab a drink, a burger, or chill.The space is very cool! I ordered the loaded fries with short rib and it was delicious! The short rib just melted in your mouth!This is the cocktail and burger spot I was hoping to find in Philadelphia. In every city I've lived in, I've found a local spot to get an unreal burger and a killer cocktail - in Boston it was JM Curley and in SF it was Absinthe and now, in Philly, it's Village Whiskey. 
The ambience is great, huge long bar, dark, small and intimate and I found myself trying to figure out what this is - is it a pub? is it hipster? is it old world? It's a lot of good all in one. 
The cocktails rocked and the bartender was even better. The Aviation was TOP. 
The classic burger medium rare was perfect - my ideal burger. Juicy, great meat flavor, soft delicious bun and gooey cheese (I added cheddar). Pickles. YUM. 
Add some Duck Fat Fries with cheese sauce and you're in food coma heaven...and highly motivated to sign up for a spin class the next morning...
One question - WHY isn't there a mac and cheese on the menu made with this cheese sauce?!Decided to try Village Whiskey out for brunch since it was close to our hotel. My meal successfully cured my hangover and left my happy-full. The tables were full so we grabbed a seat at the bar. I ordered the traditional 2 egg breakfast and my boyfriend ordered the biscuits and gravy. Both of our meals were delicious, the service was fast and efficient. Overall it was cozy atmosphere with unique options, but might have been slightly overpriced.I love their burger options and duck fries.  Trouble is, it's always crowded.Had to climb over other patrons to get to seat.  "Cozy" = shoulder to shoulder dining with strangers. If your a standard pub burger person do not go here.  The burgers are ridiculously expensive and frankly too fancy for my taste.  I had two bites of a $30 burger and couldn't eat the rest.  I ordered it medium,  but it came still mooing.  Basically raw.  Waiter was friendly and empathetic,  however I was with my wife and didn't want to make a scene.  Don't go here if you just want a good burger.  If you want to up the doochy factor in your life then go right ahead.  Not for me.I'm a fan of Iron Chef, Jose Garcias so we decided to try Village Whiskey. First, let me say, it's very small, so don't expect a spacious place to dine. Although small, It's a nice looking place, cool atmosphere. The appetizers were DELICIOUS!!! We started with the crab cocktail and a horseraddish dip sauce. The crab was whole jumbo lump crab meat with chives finely chopped and mixed in the cocktail, it was served chilled, of course, and it was enough to intimately share. The short-rib cheddar fries were amazing! The short-rib is pulled and spread over a bed of fries topped with a cheddar cheese like sauce. The fries were crisp and crunchy, the short-rib meat was tender and flavourful. The raw Eastcoast oysters were fresh. They're slightly salty served with cocktail sauce and another sauce (???) it was very good. The drinks were awesome. If you're looking for something fruitier and smooth, try the one legged man. The mint julep was stronger than I expected, you can really taste the whisky and hints of mint. The New York sour is sour on top of sour if you like that sort of thing and the Sansome Street Sangria was pretty good with a hint of fruity wines and, once again, the whisky shines through. The featured item fell short for me. My entree was the Burger w/crab slaw, sunny side egg, applewood bacon, tomato and lettuce. The burger to bun ratio was way off. The bun was way to thick and wide. I must have bit the burger about 3 times before I made a dent in the burger. I was unable to taste any of the ingredients on my burger because the bread was so over-powering and thick. The burger and the toppings were sliding off the bun. I had to eat the toppings separate in order to taste them. Our bill was $144.00. I could've saved $100.00 and ate at Bobby Flays. He has the best burgers that I've ever tasted in my life. People fail to understand that a good burger is about having a nice soft reasonably sized bun with well seasoned good quality beef. The burger and the bun should be the same size. I should be able to comfortable open my mouth and,  with the first bite, taste all of the ingredients and toppings. Some chef's get caught up in the prettiness of the bun and the bigger the burger the better it taste... No! That's not it at all... To be honest. I'd rather have a burger from Nifty Fifty than Village Whisky. But it depends on how you like your burgers and I, frankly, am not impressed by size and glazed over-sized shiny buns. IF I go back, it would be for the appetizers only.Great burgers and fries with solid bourbon collection. However, still a bit pricy for a Rittenhouse pub. 
That being said, the vibe is chill and the service is reliable. Never have had a problem with food or staff.We went to Village Whiskey today after having waited outside until 12:15 for Frog Burger to not open *groan*.  I had been there once before for Dining Out For Life, and had enjoyed myself.  We ordered everything on the menu that time, and it was more a novelty dining experience than a real one (i.e. we were too drunk to notice anything).   
Today we told them we only had about half an hour, and they had our food out within 10 minutes.   Only downside is the price.  $5 for what are fairly run-of-the-mill fries is highway robbery.  However their burgers are quite tasty, and the service was friendly and accommodating.  If you're looking for a reliably good burger in Rittenhouse-- this would be the place to find it.Absolutely tasty food in a stylish atmosphere.
We enjoyed the Rittenhouse Benedict and the normal burger. Both presented a broad range of different flavors, all in perfect alignment with the bar style and the expectation of high quality food.
The place is rather small and can therefore require some waiting time.I like their bar drinks (sitting at the bar watching the mixologist is a lot of fun) and of course the $11 Village Burger (super juicy and tasty) and duck fat fries (although I could never get through the whole batch alone because they are super heavy).  The bbq pork sandwich is ok.  My main complaints are that the sesame bun is too soft, the chunks of pork are too big (and they aren't really juicy like what you'd expect pulled pork to be), the sauce is too sweet, and there isn't enough coleslaw (only a mouthful is placed on top of the meat, booooo).  We have tried the raw bar here too which is just ok as well.
However, I take off a star for how horrible of an experience it is just to get a seat each time I have come here for dinner whether it's closer to 5 or closer to 9pm (I didn't have to wait for lunch for 2 at 3:15pm, but for some reason the hostess still could not seat us promptly and seemed pretty confused at the prospect of seating us).  The dinnertime hostess SUCKS.  She either doesn't know what it means to be a hostess or hates her job and refuses to do it.  They always tell you some absurd wait time if you keep pushing since they're so vague and work so slowly (1 hr 45 min is a common number they use)--is this a strategy to deter people from bombarding this place?  One saving grace is that they'll take your number and will call you once your table is ready (which never takes as long as they claim).  I also think the seating arrangement sucks because there are a few booths that are quite nice if you have a big group (more than 4 ppl) but the tables are round so sharing food becomes difficult.  Otherwise, you are left staring at another couple throughout your meal.  There are plenty of bar seats which are always filled and then there is this weird back area that is just a shafted space. (And why is there this counter that runs all the way to the back of the restaurant that takes up space but serves no purpose? You can't stand there with your drink because the wait staff, hostess and customers going to the bathroom would constantly make you move).  I've never sat outside but it looks like a decent area.
Our servers were a bit slow but overall, friendly.  I would definitely not come back here for dinner--too much hassle!I do not recommend going for lunch. 
Place is super small and you sit on top of your neighbors.
Duck fat fries are delicious, went for dinner multiple times and always had a good meal (didn't get a burger) went for lunch and got a burger and wasn't a fan Waitress was on the ruder side and messed up my order and didn't seem apologetic.The food... meh. That Village Burger was the dryest "gourmet" burger I've EVER had! I told the waiter medium well and there was not a stitch of beige it was fried beyond belief and thay low lit lighting could not disguse it...lol
The duck fat fries were good. You can skip the cheese sauce however. It's nothing special. 
But definitely go (and stay) for the drinks! The Rose Gold is exceptional.I have to concur with Rob Y.  Today, I had THE BEST BURGER OF MY LIFE! I am still three days later dreaming of the Village King. 8 ounces of perfectly cooked juiciness, maple glazed chipolini onions, lettuce garden tomato and topped with blue cheese and a modicum of foie gras on a soft brioche roll. 
  As amazing as the burger was the truffled cauliflower pickles with ricotta, and olive tapande. This place is micro in seating and macro on experience. The duck fat fries were good but the aura from the burger was so blinding, it obscured anything near the plate. 
    I had to return to the next day to try to cocktails, including the Ginger Rodger and the Malaysia Punch. Awesome, right out of the classic days of cocktails. 
  I bow down to you Chef Jose Garcis, you are my new idol and are indeed an iron Chef!I came. I waited 45 minutes for a table. I conquered a delicious burger. 
Like a popular night club with a long line outside, Village Whisky will always have a wait to pull up to their tables. Similar to the night club, you finally get in, you get your first drink (a pimms cup perhaps?) and a beautiful beauty (read: whiskey burger) catches your eye. You examine it from a far, gather some more courage (drink #2 or 3) and finally ask someone about her. She comes over, you lean in and you're hit with pure euphoria and curiosity. The lights come on and she's all gone. And you're left feeling exhausted yet satisfied and ready to tell everyone about what happened. 
Village whiskey burgers are everything you'll read on here. They're great, worth the wait, and something you'll continue to talk about after you leave. 
The service leaves something to be desired, but luckily the meal makes up for it.This Jose Garces spot is small (only 7 tables + bar seating) and always packed! I was finally able to try it for an early dinner on a Sunday! Cozy inside, and comfortable seating. The burger was quite delicious and I would have it again. (I had the village burger with caramelized onions, smoked bacon, and goat cheese). 
The only disappointment was the duck fat fries---I'm not sure what I was expecting. But there was nothing special about these fries. I liked that they were thick-cut. But they definitely could have been seasoned better. And aside from knowing that they had been fried in duck fat, possibly a number of times, there was nothing substantial or important to highlight with regards to taste, smell, or overall presentation. I don't know what frying them in duck fat adds to the dish, except an extra layer of fat...which didn't necessarily translate into an extra layer of taste. 
Very nice wait staff!I'm usually not a burger person but my friend insisted that we try this place out since it was apparently the best burger they have ever had. I ordered the Whiskey Burger. I will admit this is the best burger I have ever had- it literally has all of my fave burger toppings all in one burger. The burger could definitely feed two people (I barely finished it-haha) The service was great, and the bar tenders were excellent. Thanks for making me gain 5 lbs :-) #noregretsWe happened upon this place late on a Friday night, we were hungry and tired of looking for a place to eat. This place was exactly what we needed. Not only could they make a perfect Black Manhattan, my husband had 3 and then asked for a few more cherries, the food was orgasmic. We started out with deep fried pickles and French fries fried in duck fat served with warm cheddar cheese. This was incredible, I just savored every bite. The pickle chunks were perfect, enough meat to still give a good crunch and perfectly seasoned before frying. Wonderful!! Then we had both the whiskey burger and the turkey dish/sandwich. The burger was cooked perfectly and the flavor of each layer complimented each one in a oral sensory overload. Yes, it was divine. The turkey dish was a little salty, maybe the bacon? Idk. I still inhaled it because the cheese sauce was incredible. I could have just sat there with a loaf of bread eating that sauce. Will I go there again? Yes, I will definitely go back there the next time I'm in town. Thank you so much for an absolutely perfect evening with my husband. It was what we both needed.I have been coming here since it opened.  So why the downgrade?   A bad experience last night - me and my regular dining partner here had terrible service while sitting at the bar.  The bartenders were indifferent, we had to practically beg for water, drink orders, dinner order.  While I love the Fish House Punch, the love is tempered when it takes 15 minutes to get it - and no - it was not even that busy.  My pal's burger was delicious according to her, my oysters - which were herb roasted were generally flavorless and the Sly Fox Cheddar Sauce with our duck fat fries was tasteless and runny.  Dear Jose - please come and visit your restaurants and keep them on their toes...
We both agreed that we may cross this off our list after years of it being our go-to spot.I only had the cobb salad and although delish, it wasn't something to rave about; but what I can rave about are the pickled veggies. Yum!! Truffled Green Beans were the best...try them, yummy!!
My friend ordered the burger and is still talking about it 4 days later.  He ordered it with a fried egg and it came out glistening on top of the burger, perfectly cooked so that the yolk, when pierced just ran down the sides.  It was super impressive.  The duck fat/cheddar/pulled pork fries were awesome as well.  Yes, the wait is long, *an hour*.  The restaurant is small and narrow but sleek and masculine.
We sat outside and had a great time (although, I drunk man did stop and try to talk to us and we had to tell him to kick rocks).Ok I LOVE VILLAGE WHISKEY!  Three reasons.  
1. The best damn old fashioned on the planet, no fruit cocktail here!  Just 100 proof bourbon, lemon ice sugar cubes and their house made bitters!  They stir, add, stir, add till the bourbon expands upwards - takes about 12 min!!!  Worth every penny.
2.  THE BAR STAFF IS FABULOUS!!!  My personal fav is sasha, she has my old fashioned started when i walk in the door.  All of the bartenders are awesome.  They will show you how to make drinks, answer questions about the bourbon at length and take care of you like no one else.
3.  THE BEST HAMBURGER IN TOWN!  No lie.  Free range angus.  Its worth every calorie.
Ok the con - the small space.  With product and service this good it was silly not to have made the place bigger.  They did it intentionally but it was really a bad idea.  Why they couldn't have made it bigger and tinto smaller or even put tinto elsewhere i really do not know.  
They loose business more and more because people can't stand the crowds and the wait for a table.  A place that small really needs to take reservations.  I myself always go there first and am frequently disappointed that there is no space.  Its just awful.  
That said - if you go at off hours you may have luck.  To this day i have never sat at a table.  So one or two friends going is good. three is pushing it.  A large group - take them somewhere else.
COME ON JOSE - WE LOVE IT - EXPAND INTO TINTO ALEADY!  We have tappas elsewhere in philly no one has what you offer at village whiskey!been to other Jose Garces restaurants...but this was definitely the BEST of his restaurants...Burger was spectacular!...burgers are great, so great that I can never get myself to try the other sandwiches on their menu.  get any combo of the burger you want, the meat is the best part.  and if your debating the thousand island on the village burger, its worth trying...good combination I would have never thought of.
the duck fries are average compared to other places, but they become excellent with the beer cheese sauce.
this place has limited seating so a wait is to be expected.  but they will text you when your table is up, so just plan on another activity for 30 to 90 minutes while your table is ready.For the non foodies, sure go ahead. For foodies, skip
The whisky is severely overpriced, go to any nearby bar for a $10 Laphroaig rather than$20 here. The cocktails were meh. Not the best I've had by far.
The burger was once my favorite, now it pales in comparison to the best burger in the city, namely hickory lane. 
The food otherwise, was technically fine but for the price it pales in comparison to the better places in the city
Everyone is nice and helpful. But if you're a foodie, you can do better. If not go ahead and enjoy it!We decided to eat late lunch here on a Friday, after visiting a nearby museum.   We were asked to wait at the bar for a table and probably would have waited even longer had we not taken the initiative to ask the  hostess again to seat us at one of the open tables ("Oh yeah, sure, go ahead...").   I was pretty excited about this place having read all the rave reviews.  We ordered some drinks and deliberated long and hard on what we wanted our burgers to look like.  I opted for mushrooms & fried egg on mine, and husband asked for crab salad on his.  We patiently munched on tater tots as we waited for our burgers and fries.  When these hefty sandwiches finally arrived at our table, we oohed and aahed a bit before digging in.  The first bite was quite tasty I'll admit, the patty nicely seasoned.  Though I ordered mine medium, it came out medium rare.  A couple more bites and the whole thing just started to fall apart.  Before long, the burger was swimming in a pool of meat juice and egg yolk, not the most appetizing thing to look at.  I didn't manage to finish mine, but I liked it well enough.  
I think that  the main problem, though, was that we weren't blown away by any aspect of the meal.  It was just... nice.  I don't know if I'm comfortable shelling out close to $70 for burgers  for two (with a couple of cocktails & potatoes on the side) and have it be just NICE.I really, REALLY love this place (for lunch, not for dinner). Not that their dinner service isn't great, it's just that I almost *always* go here for lucnh. The service is always great, as is the food. I always opt for the veggie burger (which is not vegan, FYI) and it never disappoints. Add a glass of sparkling and you have yourself a nice little lunch with great service. Love this neighborhood gem.Waaay overpriced for a greasy burger.  The pickles are a nice idea, but $7-$12 for an appetizer sized plate of vegetables in vinegar?So everyone raved about the burgers here - had to check it out. Not bad - tough to eat because they were so damn big (height wise). Tasted great but that wasn't what was cool about the place. It was the space - really comfortable, neighborhoodish style. And the dude who wait on my was pretty friendly in his own hipster way. I'd go again if others wanted to but I wouldn't go out of my way.By far the best value in Philly (in my opinion).  The burgers are as good as it gets. The fries are always perfect. And you have all the Scotch and Whiskey you can handle. Oh yeah, the staff is always super friendly.By far my favorite restaurant. They have the best burger I've EVER eaten... not to mention an amazing selection of whiskey & beer. It's tiny and crowded and I love it. I usually have to wait for a table when I get there, but it's so worth it. Don't forget to try the duck fat fries.. they are ridiculously amazing. I've eaten here about 5 or 6 times in the last 6 months and I'm always ready to go back.Village Whiskey is good, not great.  They have a very large selection of mostly overpriced whiskeys and scotches that line the back of the bar, one of the largest in the city as far as I've seen.
Service is always good although it's cramped in there and the servers have no where to go on the floor so I guess they kind of have to be attentive.
When you order a burger here, they prompt with 'medium rare' okay? Which is perfect, except that all three times I've gotten burgers here they've all been overcooked.  They are still good, mind you, not so much that I would make a fuss and send it back, not the best in the city and maybe not worth the price tag.   Maybe they should change their prompt to 'medium well okay?' 
PS. cheese puffs are on point and so are the duckfat fries.Although people say they have good burgers, I wouldn't know,  since I couldn't get in to try them without waiting an hour and a half! And you can't make reservations either! Ridiculous! Go across the street to shake shack and save some money and no waiting.I would have to agree with Leban here...best burger I've had in Philly.  Incredibly moist and flavorful, cooked great, and awesome bun.  The place is really cool as well, and it's nice to see Garces (and soon Starr) continue his move West.Cozy restaurant, it had that modern day hipster speakeasy feel. Prepare to wait if you come anytime after 6pm.
The hostess helped us snag a spot at the back counter which was really nice of her.
The pickled beets were fantastic and the veggie burger was fresh and delicious. Service was as prompt as can be expected in a busy place like this. Prices were fair. Ambiance and location are perfect. Would come back anytime I'm in town!A great selection of beer and - you guessed it - whiskey.  Their burgers lived up to the recommendations of everyone I knew.  It's a little pricey for what it is, and seating can be a bit awkward depending on where you are.  
I'd certainly go back there again, and would recommend the place to others.Love Garces.  Love the burger.  Love the drink selections, both spirits and beer.
Bad:
We were on time, however, the reservation was not held.  We were trumped for a 4-some that was early for their 9pm seat.
LONGEST. WAIT. EVER. for service
2 of 6 raw oysters were bad.  That's poor.
Perhaps it's the service and some care that's slipping, I hope it rebounds next time because I have had better experiences.  There and elsewhere.They have the best burger in Philly.  The ambience strikes a delicate balance between fancy and casual:  It's the kind of place where someone in jorts can sit beside someone in a suit, and neither will feel out of place.  The burgers are thick and cooked to order, with a slew of high-quality toppings.  The drink selection is solid, especially in the realm of whiskey.  It's a little on the pricey side, but I keep coming back because the quality, service, and ambience are worth it.We'll start with the ambiance - small and uber trendy, right on track with the urban industrial chic movement. Next, the service - nice bartending, nothing exceptional though. And the food - a pretty interesting beer list (both draught and bottled) and a nice little cocktail menu. 
The veggie burger (yes, because of Food Network) was pretty good, though I wasn't super blown away. The brisket fries (which we heard is soon to be on a Food Network show) were pretty damn good. We'll be back for the meat burgers and more trials of the draughts and cocktails.One of the best burgers of my life. Paid extra to add bacon and avocado and they put a lot on, and bacon was perfectly cooked. Good beer list too!Wish I was hungrier or else I would have eaten one of those amazing looking burgers in a second!  Duck fat fries, sign me up!  The only food I tried were the deviled eggs which were great and the drinks were awesome.  Cool place but small so get here early or make a res.!Had a craving for a burger and decided to try this place out since it's close to me, and it did not disappoint! Got the burger of the month and it was delicious along with some cheese fries and a beer. Everything here looked great and I will definitely be coming back to try more on the menu! Especially the milkshakes. The place itself is a small cute restaurant with an old feel to it and I would imagine its pretty busy on the weekends as there is not a lot of seating. Highly recommend!First time in Philly and after debating whether to eat at Devon's or Rouge, we decided to take the underdog, aka Whiskey Village, and Boy are we glad we did.
Starters: 
The deviled eggs were just as good as the ones Mom makes for thanksgiving. wonderful presentation too. I actually didn't want to sip my water for fear of losing the taste in my mouth.
The fried pickles were delicious and crispy. not soggy at all. perfectly done.
Mains: 
The village burger was PERFECT. Juicy, thick, good temp. just Perfect. It's so hard to find a burger like this in New York.
The Pork Sammy was just as fine quality as your "Dino BBQ" or your Nyc BBQ scene. Fresh and we'll flavored pork that wasn't the least bit dry at all. Very well done.
Sides:
Duck fat fries with cheese sauce.......    YAAAAAAAAAAAAS!!!!!
Dessert:
Vanilla Bourbon shake had the perfect thickness to it, but you can still taste the Makers. Simply wonderful.
Alcohol:
The punch was as good as it sounded. No one flavor surpassed the other. a perfect balance.
The commodore had a nice kick with a citrusy flavor. Goes  hand on hand with the shake.
The overall selection of booze is as wide as the the bar itself. More whiskey choices than we've seen in a long time.
Staff: Kenny and Valerie were knowledgeable and attentive. Always checking on us and always there to service plates or answer questions. Fantastic bartenders on a busy Friday night.
Overall: Will come back again. If you're visiting The city of brotherly love, you CANNOT skip this little piece of wonderment. Excellent job Whiskey Village. Keep it up. We'll be back to check on you.I had a craving for a burger with an egg on it!  I chose Village Whiskey because of José Garces. Bourbon and beef. What could be better. 
I only get these cravings about three times a year.  This is a full commitment meal.  I didn't have breakfast or lunch so I knew I could consume the calories. 
The bourbon choices are plentiful. The scotch menu was equally as impressive. 
To start,  the fried pickles looked like a good idea. Most fried pickles are thinly sliced.   I was eager to see Jose's interpretation.  They came out larger than most I've seen. The only time I have seen anything similar was in Denver at biker Jim's hot dog restaurant where they are fried in the whole slices.   These were not extraordinary but they were tasty nonetheless and well worth the calories.  
 For my burger, I ordered the 8 ounce and I added the jalapeno bacon, the cheddar and a fried egg. 
The first thing I noticed was that my egg was slightly over cooked. i expect my burger eggs to have runny yokes. This one was solid. The burger itself, which I ordered to be cooked to medium was also just slightly over cooked -- no pink anywhere. 
Lastly the duck fat fries rounded out the meal.
Overall my burger tasted incredibly good. It probably is the second best burger that I've had... My recently reviewed burger from Vegas was just a little better due to the slight carelessness of the chef tonight with my the temperature on my burger and egg. 
Ur was juicy and flavorful.  It was very fresh, which is am odd way to describe a burger.  Think McDonald's and then it's COMPLETE OPPOSITE.  :-)
My dinner companion had the veggie burger and added truffle mushrooms. She said it was delicious!!!!
Four out of five.... Will be back!!!GO VILLAGE WHISKEY !!!!!
Really good food that sticks to your bones and fills you up in a flavorful way.  
I had the Popcorn Shrimp the Pork Sammy and those excellent Duck Fries that are nice and crispy.  
The pork was perfect with the fried pickles and that slaw just cut the taste perfectly...
Look here...if you are looking for a nice bite and reasonable prices for that area of the city I suggest it strongly.
Peace. Out.
Matty.Good burgers.  Great pickled veggies.  Good whiskey selection, including my personal favorite, Red Breast.  Get there at 11:30 to avoid the lunch crowd and get whatever table you want.The restaurant opens at 5 p.m. on Sunday. I arrived at 5:08 and was told I was the first name on the list. Great.  Sat at the bar and had a tea with a shot of brandy.  When my friends checked to see how long the wait was, we were told it would be two hours.  Even though we were first on the list.  So I went to pay for my drink and it was $13.  FOR A TEA AND A SHOT. 
    When the drink is more than the burger and there's a two-hour wait when you're first on the list, there's something wrong.    If you're not an uber foodie, save your money and your time and head over to Royal or Good Dog.If you're having a burger craving you need to eat here.  I came here with the hubs during the off -peak hours to satisfy a craving and the place was still full of patrons. I would hate to see what the wait is like during peak hours.  
We ordered the pickled beets to start -- they were amazing! We even seriously considered nixing our village Burger order for another round of the beets, but we're so glad didn't.  The 8oz patty was perfectly cooked to medium well and was still juicy.  We couldn't taste the duck fat flavor in the fries, but they were crispy. The Irish car bomb shake was heavenly. It's what a true milkshake should taste like...though we couldn't taste the whiskey and Baileys they added.  It comes with fresh dollop of whipped cream and a brownie on top.  
We will definitely come back here, but only during their off peak hours.Jose Garces, you did not disappoint! The servers were kind and professional and the ambiance was loud and exciting. Went in for a drink and decided on the Philadelphia Fish House Punch. It arrived after a few minutes and it was well-mixed and delicious. Stayed for one more Punch and reluctantly left, as the restaurant was about to close. I definitely plan on returning soon!This is tied with In-n-out for my favorite burger of all time. I get the Village burger with Jasper Hill cheddar and a fried egg (over medium).  Tip: cut your burger in half and set the other half of the burger cut-side down on the plate while you eat the first half.  This will keep the bun from getting soggy from all the wonderful juices that will inevitably leak from the patty. 
Pairs well with the Fish House Punch or the local bottled root beer. 
I can't recommend the duck fat fries b/c they are simply too inconsistent. Sometimes they taste like they were cooked inside a duck (awesome) and sometimes they just taste like normal Five Guys fries (meh).  I also don't recommend the short ribs fries bc it's overkill when you're about to have an amazing VW burger.IF you can get a table, the veggie burger is absolutely the best I have ever had! Very, very small, but has a few outside tables when weather permits. Very close seating inside where you practically share a booth with others.So I came here pretty darn excited to come here being that the restarurant combines two of my most favorite things in the world...whiskey and burgers. I couldn't wait to try the Village Burger being that I've heard it's one of the best in Philly.
When my friend and I got there around 7:30pm we were told that there would be at least a 30 minute wait to eat inside but that we could eat at the full-service bar or outside. It was a Monday, and either way it didn't bother us as the evening was nice and I always enjoy a good outdoor meal.
Once seated we both couldn't get over how uncomfortable our waitress seemed. It might've been the case that she was new and getting the hang of things on what was supposed to be a slow Monday night, but regardless it was all too noticeable how awkward she seemed when taking our order and performing other tasks like cleaning our plates/refilling drinks. I ordered whiskey and my friend got beer, and she asked us what we wanted to drink next when we were both clearly barely halfway through our drinks. She also felt the need to pour us water in our glasses when they were definitely still 3/4 or more of the way filled. I just didn't see all that as necessary and it detracted from the experience.
The burger itself was delicious I will say, but overpriced. I'm not in any rush to come back here for a burger to be sure. Each topping outside of lettuce is at least $2 extra or more. So the price of a medium-sized burger easily balloons to about $18...and that doesn't even include the $5 Duck Fat fries that any diner would typically want as well.
I would say that the hype was a little extreme on this place for me and I know of other places in Philly that serve a solid burger without all the extra frill.I'm not even sure I can begin to describe how good a meal at Village Whiskey is!
First off, let me mention that my fiancee and I got here on a Saturday around 7:00, and while we expected there might be a wait, we had no idea it would be and hour and a half wait! Strangely, though, seating outside was available right away, so we were more than happy to take it!
As with most people, I had heard about this place from a friend and had been wanting to try it for a while. My fiancee, being a vegetarian, has been on a kick to try as many different veggie burgers around the city as she can. 
I really wanted to order a glass of whiskey here, but decided to go for a beer instead figuring it would go better with a burger than a glass of whiskey (which I prefer without any food). So, I ordered the IPA they had on tap, which I should mention was one of the best I've tasted. For dinner, my fiancee ordered the veggie burger (no surprise there) with sautéed onions and fried egg (she's a vegetarian that eats eggs...) along with vegetarian fries, and I ordered the village burger (medium) with sautéed onions and the cheddar cheese along with the duck fat fries.
The burger was hands down THE BEST BURGER I HAVE EVER TRIED. The meat was cooked perfectly, had the right amount of seasoning and flavor, and the toppings (including their house thousand island dressing) all went together perfectly. And somehow, even though it was a standard sized 8 oz burger, the thing felt like it was 16 oz, nonetheless I ate the entire thing! As if this was not enough, the duck fat fries were incredible; and yes, I ate all of them as well...
I would be amiss if I did not also mention on here that the veggie burger my fiancee got was also very good, according to her it was the best she has tried as well. So for, those of you who are burger lovers, either standard beef or vegetarian, Village Whiskey is a place you MUST try.As my wife Marianne and I continue our Rittenhouse Square tour, Village Whiskey includes an awesome variety of bourbons, rye whiskies, & scotch, along with a nice selections of burgers and others good foodies, stop by for sure. I had "Old Forester 1870" Kentucky Bourbon Whiskey", which was America's first bottled bourbon. Cool atmosphere like an old saloon or whiskey bar set up.AMAZING! I consider myself a food connoissuer, I keep a list of restuarants to go to on my phone and rate them as I go. This way I know where to tell people who are visiting to go and I can remind myself where to go back to when I have friends and family come visit. Village Whiskey was revisited! 
Aside from their pretty legit alcohol list, their food is delicious. Ive had their fish sandwich, pickled beets, duck fat fries and kentucky hot brown. The pickled beets are worth going back for on their own. My friends have had the pulled pork sandwich and burger. They all raved about their entrees, not one complaint. Jose Garces got it right.
Small place, great atmosphere, great for a date or just a night out with your friends to get good food accompanied by a good drink. The prices are reasonable and you really just cant beat the quality. Id go back again and again.Best truffle fries ever. Their jalapeño hot lips drink is great too. They gave us a free round of drinks because we had to wait even with a reservation.Whiskey Village is a staple neighborhood bar in Rittenhouse area best for once-in-a-while splurges or chill date nights.  
They're known for more low-key foods (think burgers, chicken sandwiches, fries) with a classy twist.  The classy means there are high quality ingredients and the burgers are out of this world awesome, but you're not paying average prices here.  The base burger is $11 and to add cheese, it's an additional $3.5 not to mention the bacon and caramelized onions are an additional $2.5 and $1 respectively.  Between 2 burgers and a side of duck fat fries, our bill ended up close to $40 - that's no drinks included.  
If you ask me that's a bit pricey to become a frequent customer, but this is one of my go-to places to take out of town guests because it's for sure an omnivorous crowd-pleaser.Burgers and duck fast fries are phenomenal. One of the top three burgers in Philly. Venue is way too small. Long waits to get in but top notch for food!Absolutely love this place.
Whiskey / Bourbon, Beer and Classic Cocktail selections are excellent.
This place is cheap, fantastic pub food. A limited menu, but everything I've had on it is basically perfect.
The Village Burger is, huge, juicy, and one of the best burgers in town, and the BBQ pork sandwich is fantastic.
I also highly recommend the Deviled Eggs.
Wish they took reservations, b/c the place is small and the wait is usually extremely long. Fortunately I live close by :)I'm going to start off by saying we are in the service industry and are therefore, pretty understanding and forgiving. However, this joint seems to have been slapped together with an trendy concept and not much else. Bad food and bad service is a no-go for me. We were in Philly for my 30th birthday and had drinks here Saturday night and then came back for brunch. I was hesitant but the brunch came recommended by a local. I'd say skip it for both. There's too much good food in Philly and better service. 
The PM experience was fine apart from higher prices than other whiskey joints in town and bus staff that will take your half full drink more than once. The server didn't want to replace them when he was alerted. It was definitely off-putting.  
The brunch service was less than stellar. The eggs - poached and fried - were a soupy, half raw mess. You always take a gamble with mods but when I ordered the crab benny sans the crab cake because my hungover stomach wasn't particularly feeling seafood, the sever neglected to tell me that he would be bringing me a $10 plate of two soupy poached eggs with sauce. I had to ask for the toast that came with the next two benny plates I saw come out of the kitchen. No idea what happened there. The place wasn't busy by any means  (considering the volume the PM staff has to wrangle) but getting a cup of coffee and food took a small eternity. The server seemed unable to take stock and attempt to turn the experience around.This is is my first time trying a celebrity resturant.  Jose Garce's restaurant, Village Whiskey, attempts to make burgers with his signature twist.  There are some highlights to my visit but I am afraid the main course, the village burger, was like many gourmet burgers, outstanding, but not a burger that stood out.  
Let's start out with the good: 
Fried shrimp appetizer:  Great crusty batter seasoned with a variety of spanish/ alittle cajun spices.  I tasted the celery seeds, oregano, and basil.  I really like the fried garlic.  It made this dish stood out.  However, the roumalade sauce was pretty standard.  In many ways, this dish reminds me of those delectable mini dishes we find in tapas bars.
The average: 
Duck Fat Fries:  To be frank, I thought the standard criteria for a good fry is for it to be golden brown and crispy.  I was curious how Village Whiskey can control the color and taste of the fries (i.e. like how McDonald control their color with their secret beef tallow/oil ratio)? Since it was cooked in animal fat, it's very hard to control the temperature. Animal fat burns at a much lower temp and has a much shorter usage/mileage than non-animal fat.  The result of this is a darker brown color.  It doesn't taste burnt, but it has that look.    
I didn't taste any of the duck fat attributes in fries until I got out of the restaurant. This is because when animal fat cools, the taste is more pronounced.  (i.e. toast with butter has more butter taste than melted butter on pancakes.)  Perhaps the they need to control the ratio between duck and veggie oil. 
Burger:  I tried to order just the burger (Village Burger) (med rare)  to see what the highlight of the burger is.  Although the meat has a great grind and it was very juicy. It lacked alot of  beef flavor.  Perhaps the type of beef was not right or it didn't have enough beef fat.  Some of my restauranteur friends often admit they add alittle bit of beef tallow or mix other types of beef cuts in their burger meat to add flavor and texture.   The thousand island dressing added a different dimension to the taste of the burger.   The pickle is great!  The last time I tasted such great brine on a pickle was when I was in Frankfurt, Germany during a spring pickle festival.  
Overall, my meal costs $27 + tips.  Service was great, but I thought I would get more out of my $11 burger. I think if I do ever go back, I would try to put toppings on my burger.  Given the appetizer was very good, I would expect the toppings would make the burger better.   But then would you want to rely on toppings to make your burger better?Service is terrible. Showed up at 4:00 on a Saturday 2 people and a toddler, gave us snotty comments about not being able to give us a highchair, said the wait is over 45 min. Walked out went to Prime Stache. Great service there food is betterCelebrated a post Phillies victory here last week. I hadn't been in the Rittenhouse Square district in a while, so I asked my friend if we could eat in the area. 
The place was a lot smaller than I imagined, but I loved the ambiance of the bar/restaurant- small booths and high top tables, the subway tile, the old school looking bar. 
Our server was very friendly and started us right away with plenty of water. It was amazingly hot that day, so we both passed on drinks. We had taken a look at the menu while at the game, and we were intrigued by their pickle menu. Our server suggested the turnips and kale, and we decided to go with that. The mason jar full of pickled turnips and kale, served with creamy ricotta and olive tapenade was just what we needed, since we didn't have a big meal during the game (and we were pretty hungry). The ricotta spread was creamy, and though I am not a huge fan of olives (i avoid them usually) the tapenade was soooooo good- briny and just enough olive, but smooth without being too overpowering. 
My friend got the veggie burger, and I got a regular burger and we split an order of their duck fat fries. The burgers came out promptly and I loved that mine was this perfectly shaped patty, cooked to order, and I loved the thousand island dressing as the condiment. My friend's massive veggie burger looked good too- it was topped with tons of avocado. The fries were soooo good too- crisp and salty, thick and substantial, without being too greasy. We ate the last crumb!
Our bill was reasonable, considering we didn't have any alcohol- 35 bucks. I definitely will return on a future trip to Philly, perhaps for fancy drinks.If you're going for the burger and duck fat french fries, know that they're better at Supper. But by all means, pick this place if you're in the mood to feel rushed into scarfing down your meal for fear of having it snatched out from under you. My friend and I had to keep telling the three different people who came for her half-eaten burger that, again, she was still "working on it." This was on a Tuesday at 6pm, so I can only imagine the onslaught on a Friday night.  Jesus.
Overall, I was underwhelmed.I love everything about Whiskey Village except the small space. We were fortunate that after the hostess told us that the wait for a table was close to two hours a couple of seats opened up at the bar.
We started off with a couple of amazing cocktails that were expertly prepared (2nd only to Hop Sing), an order of deviled eggs, and the duck fat fried fries covered in a delectable cheese sauce and topped with beef brisket....WOW! We were content but decided to push on and try their famous burgers. I had the special of the house that had a terrific homemade thousand island dressing and my wife had hers topped with foie gras and bacon. Both came out cooked perfectly medium rare surrounded by a very fresh and delicious bun. Even though we were fairly full before the burgers came we ate every bite leaving in a blissful state of food intoxication.Great burger and great service.  Be careful though.... the burger is kind of the food equivalent of crack.Quite average at least based on what i ordered in terms of food. I ordered the chicken sandwich and that was pretty average, the spicy sauce that came with it wasnt bad added a kick to the sandwich bread was ok. While eating the sandwich i had visions of going across the street to order a spicy chicken sandwich from shake shack, that would have been a way better option since at $12 a pop and no fries not great. The $6 duck fat fries were ok, i have had way better in Baltimore. 
By way of drinks i had the fruit punch lol, literally tasted like a fruit punch with little or no alcohol. The commodore which i ordered was a way better drink. Don't even waste your time on the fruit punch. Service was great. I obviously wasn't in the mood for a burger so maybe those are killer.In my quest to find the best burger in Philly, I've visited this Garces spot a few times. The burgers do live up to the hype, if not quite to the price tag. The venue is decidedly cool and the duck fat fries are to die for (if you like fries, cheese, short ribs....I'm making myself hungry). The bartenders are mostly top notch and rhe whisky list is appropriately voluminous. The drinks are also creative and tasty. 
Not quite the best burger in Philly yet, but a damn strong contender.Great place for Saturday brunch! I had the shrimp and grits with egg and it was delicious. Cocktails were great and the service was excellent!To start we had amazingly crafted drinks.  Along with their plate of pickled beets. It was fantastic.  That being said it didn't hold a flame to the fantastic burger, so good.  I got the pork sandwich but ended up eating a lot my boyfriends burger.  Best burger, drink, and fried pickles I have ever had.  The atmosphere and service was a delight as well. I highly recommend.   
The only con was the deviled eggs but they are such a small item it wasn't a big deal.I wasn't sure what to make of this place from the street, but I was very pleasantly surprised.  I had the cob salad, but next time I'll be back for the burger and fries.  Everything was very good including the service.
Parking is very close by and it's easy to walk to.  The place is small so be sure to get there early or you could be waiting.
If you have a chance to visit this place - be sure to do so!
**Please do the rest of us a favor and don't bring your kids here.  Thank you!**Great little neighborhood place.  I don't live in the neighborhood but had been dying to try it but heard how small it was.  Well I took my chances and went there early on July 2 (4th of July weekend, everyone's at the shore) for dinner around 5 (and no I am not 60).  There was a great happy hour crowd but not too packed where we could not grab a spot at the bar while we waited for our table.   The bartenders were great and the drinks quite good.  Husband got the cape may salts and loved them.  He enjoyed his burger too however he still was thinking back to another burger that he prefers. The cheese puffs pictured here are amazing.  Choux paste with cheese amazing.  Loved them and the cobb salad quite large with an amazing dressing.  All worth while.  Not sure it would have been worth a long wait but the prices were reasonable the service was fun and it is a beautiful small spot.  I am sure we will go back when in the neighborhood.Fish eggs is crab bisque= fail. Duck fries are just fries with parsley. We ordered 3 sandwiches none were overly impressive. Service was very well attended but can't make up for the lackluster food.They definitely bring the whiskey! Just super loud if you're looking for a nice place for a drink.Man like burger. 
Man like whiskey and cocktails. 
Man like good service. 
Man no like hard to get a seat...Too popular...
This is Jose Garces concept of a rustic fancy pants burgers saloon.  Yes, I said fancy pants! 
Been here a few times and I have not been disappointed in any of there burgers.  Nothing bad to say except it's small and a seat is hard to get but that is what happens when you have it all on point. Hats off. 
Talk to the bartenders, always something to learn about the booze. New combinations of burgers are always on the special menu as well. 
Cheers.Good spot for some food and drinks, but it adds up quick! Came here for some lunch and they were already packed just after opening! I went with the pulled pork sandwich which came in a whiskey bbq sauce that I really enjoyed. The cole slaw on the top of the pork wasn't very good, though. The sandwich was massive and came with a side of fried pickles, too.
I tried my girlfriend's burger and that was good, too. But the price of that can get high very quickly too with toppings being pretty pricy. 
Overall, I would say it was good but not worth the 45 bucks it cost for two sandwiches and a total of 2 beers!On the suggestion of my native Philadelphian friend, we headed to this very small Jose Garces spot.  I was pretty excited to try out the food of an Iron Chef...
It was pretty darn good! I ordered the Kentucky Hot Brown and my friend ordered a burger.  Both were wonderful! The prices were fair and the atmosphere was great.  
Although it was small, it wasn't loud and my friend and I were able to catch up! I highly recommend it!I've been here a few times now and I've formed the opinion that the place is well marketed as a "cool" place, but the food isn't that great.
During my last visit I observed:
The burger was of a premium quality but arrived cold.
The duck fat fries were burnt.
There was a lingering smell towards the back of the restaurant from the bathroom.
The place was eerily quiet during lunch.  They should play some light jazz.
All this said, it's still a pretty OK place.  The atmosphere is nice and it's cool to sit at the bar.Went here for lunch today. Burger was still a bit squishy/messy but good. Fries were much better and the cheese dipping sauce was rad. Wish the seating inside was more accommodating for groups of 3+This place is the tits!
Except for the one bartender. He was more intimidating than the Hulk. Otherwise he seemed to know what he was doing but his intense gaze made me nervous.
The duck fat fries and ketchup were great!It's very good but the service can be spotty and the wait is too long. I've rarely left this place in under 45 min.Went on a Wednesday night 7:30-11:00m and am sorry to say, it was a total disappoint. The girl at the front door, was unfriendly and unhelpful the bar staff had attitude and when I asked a server on a table update (since we had been waiting for over 2 hours) he got confrontational. I can't believe we even stayed for the food. 
The place looks cool, but if I'm looking for that kind of service, I'll move back to NY.
Total disappointment...wish it hadn't been .One word to describe Village Whiskey. Decadent. Massive selection of whiskeys, duck fat fries and burgers with foie gras. Of course, for all of this, there is a price to be paid. The first is that the bill will be substantially more than your typical burger joint (which it is not) and the wait for a table will be long as the restaurant is small. Besides those two things, Jose Garces did an amazing job here. 
To start, I love going for a bourbon/whiskey based cocktail like an Old Fashioned and trying one of their many bottles of whiskey. I don't find any of their bar snacks to be that great. For me, it really starts with the pickled Herb Cherry Tomatoes and the Beets. It's nice to start out with and have on  the side to counter the heart attack from the burger and fries.
Both the Duck Fat Fries and the Short Rib & Cheddar Fries are great. If you can handle the extra salt, go all out with the Short Rib Fries and feast. In terms of burgers, I've only tried the Village Burger with additional toppings and the Whiskey King. The Whiskey King was extremely rich and heavy, and getting it once was enough for me. For toppings, choose whatever you please. My only advice would be to avoid the Horseradish Crab Salad as it was almost unbearably salty (I love salt). 
Overall, Village Whiskey makes one of the best burgers that I've ever eaten. It's a staple when I'm craving a burger and I am never disappointed by it. Just be warned that the price adds up pretty quickly.Went here on a Wednesday night, it was packed!!! The wait was 30 minutes, so in the meantime me and my mister had a drink. Once we got seated and ordered, the food was out in no time. We both had burgers and duck fat fries with short ribs to share. Everything was delicious, the fries were crunchy (I guess that's part of the dish, right?). Perfect for a little date night. Coming back for sure! I gave 3 stars because it's soo tiny in here..Stopped in after a show and had the burger with an egg overeasy.   Messy but insanly good!I don't like to get caught up in the hype of celebrity chefs.  Graces is not my favorite chef in the city, but these burgers are amazing. By far the best burger I have ever had.  They are so good I almost don't consider them burgers.  They are a special gift sent to us from the heavens.  I really wanted to like the fries, but they weren't very good.  The desserts sound amazing, but are fairly average (if you want something sweet go across the street to Capogiro or a couple blocks away to Yogorino).  Did I mention how much I love these burgers?Everything is amazing here! Get a repeal to drink... You can't go wrong with anything from here... Must eat here if you're in Philly!I was salivating over the duck fat fries before I had ever tasted them...and once I finally experienced them...I found the last meal I'll ever need on this Earth. 
My dinner companion and I splurged on the fries, with cheddar and short ribs, which could have been our entire meal. I've rarely had anything so heavenly, you just need to experience it for yourself. 
We each ordered a burger - stellar on both counts (though my friend thought the thousand-island dressing was unnecessary and distracting) - but the fries, oh the fries! 
Though the restaurant is surprisingly small, it feels spacious, no doubt owing to the lofty ceilings. The walls are done gorgeously in subway tiles and the bar is a rather impressive sight. 
The tables (high tops - good choice) serve comfy leather banquettes that line the wall opposite the bar, so if pressed, you can squeeze three or four people around the table, without having to deal with bulky chairs. 
This place is not good for groups if you want to sit and eat, or even if you want to stand at the bar. Come to think of it, unless you are seated at the bar or at a table, there is really no room to stand and have a drink except in the back ahllway by the bathroom.  We arrived at 6:30pm on a Monday night and still waited a half an hour for a table. 
Just based on decor and food alone this place gets 5 stars. It's worth a mention that service was attentive and prompt and our leftovers were still quite a gush-inducing the next day.I came for the Duck Fat Fries.
Maybe it's because I ate a lot earlier than day, but I couldn't really taste any difference in the taste with the duck fat. Nonetheless, they were good so you should try them. I also had the Fish House Punch which was also good/worth it.
The place is pretty small so it can get crowded. I like places like this with an interesting food selection and specialty drinks. I'd come back for sure to try more food/whiskey.I wanted to like this place. 
It was nice inside- an ok menu. However the atmosphere was lacking-perhaps because it was full of rude wannabes. 
We ended up walking out after a "patron" refuseed to move her bag to allow us to sit.I've had mixed  success here. The best items are perhaps the appetizers, like deviled eggs and roasted beets. However my mileage has varied on other food and service, from losing my order (I was voluntarily comped a burger once due to a kitchen faux pas) to botching a Chicago style hot dog (splayed and grilled dog, toasted-dry bun). The burger and duck fat fries are good, if a little pricey.