I like Vintage. I really do, but in a city that hosts a number of other wonderful wine bars this one has a lot of competition.
Service is solid. The bartenders are courteous and attentive. The wine list is good and the happy hour includes a decent selection PLUS $5 bubbly so you can be a baller on a budget.  Food however, is just okay. It's reliable but nothing that has me yearning to go back. 
Overal this place is consistent and you've gotta like that.Great place for low key wine and dinner. We came during happy hour which is 4-6pm (a little early for most people) and the wine options for $4 were great. They are normally $8-12. The fig and Gorgonzola, only 3 pieces, was delicious as was the stuffed crepes with mushroom duxelle on the specials menu. Great for small groups or a date.The host tried to make us sit at the bar cos we were only here for drinks when they had quite a few vacant tables! But us four girls can't possibly have a good conversation at the bar! So we just plopped ourselves onto their cushy seats at the front. And we ordered food
The appetizers are very decently prized and go well with our wines. The Gorgonzola and Fig Bruschetta and the Provencial Bruschetta are very good. Bread goes so well with wine, IMO. I wouldn't try the escargots (uggghhh) but according to my friend who did (gross), they weren't cooked well (even grosser!). And I love how the foods are sometimes served in tiered trays. That somehow always seems to push it up a notch in the class level for me. Yes,even eating fries can be classy, if they are served on tiered trays- and funny enough thats exactly what happens here!
They serve a wide variety of wines and some beers and champagne. There's also the Flights ($15), which is a wine sampler consisting of 3 wines pre-picked.
What I like about Vintage is the creativity of their interior designs. The still-expanding wine-crate-panelled wall is such a brilliant idea. very beautiful and tasteful. the wine bottle chandelier is also very interesting.
Its dim and intimate and not at all intimidating. Allows for good conversation. Great date spot. Not sure if this is typical here but a particular gentleman bought us a bottle of wine and left - without giving us a chance to thank him. Lovely.Was in Philly with the fam visiting the Convention center and decided to stay for dinner.  Stupid me didn't reserve (Sat) as didn't think we'd stay this late.   We dropped in a few restos via Yelp but all said they were booked or over 1 hr waiting.   Past by VWB and seeing it look nice and semi full, took a chance and asked the nice host if he can take us and we're just gonna eat and go.  He was so nice and said no problem and sat us in the back.  Our waitress Stephanie was very nice and prompt and explained the different flights they had and the specials were on the board.  DW had a Spanish flight and I opt for the bold red.  The wines were very nice 3 oz pours.  Ordered the following apps: charcutière plate and fries based on the Yelp reviews.  The plate came on a wooden board of 2 types of cold cuts with bread, homemade chicken paté and pickles.  Fries were the matchstick fries.  Both were yummy.  Next we ordered from the board specials:  Grilled quails (me), DW (grilled fish), also gnocchi plate, and burger and to share a grilled octopus (yes we were hungry and have been walking in the cold!).  Dishes were not huge but were perfect sized so we can have dessert afterwards.  There was about 2 whole quails mixed in a sweetish sauce and was very good.  I think the fish was the best dish overall.  Grilled perfectly and was accompanied with pineapple sauce and red cabbage salad.   The gnocchi (lightly pan fried) was tied for 2nd with the quails.  I didn't have a chance to try the huge burger since my son gobbled it up and said it was delish.  Dessert of the day was Creme bruleé, pecan pie, and french toast with banana foster/w marshmallows.  We ordered all of them and we cleaned it all up : )  
I was surprised that my 3 wine flight was only $13 and my DW's 2 wine flights were $11 which is not bad considered just a glass will run you $10.  Overall, I really enjoyed this place and will go again next time a la date night if I'm heading to Philly.While vacationing in Philly with my family for the Army/Navy game, we decided to take a walk around and stumbled upon Vintage. We walked passed it and decided to double back and stop in. We enjoyed the appetizers and wine selection. It was a nice "chill" bar where you didn't have to scream and shout to have a conversation. My mom and aunts enjoyed themselves but it wasn't necessarily a general "older" crowd. We went on a Thursday night and had a blast. If I lived in Philly, I'm sure I would visit again. However, when on vacation I never like to visit the same place twice. :)Love it here! I have never had a bad experience. The ambiance is great (date friendly) and the bartenders know their wines. I will always go back for the fig and Gorgonzola bruschetta and creme brulee. ALWAYS. And they have La Colombe which I've newly discovered and have fallen completely in love.Wonderful little wine bar in Philly. We stopped in for a couple of glasses of wine when several other places around had waits, or were closed. Vintage did not disappoint. Really great wine selection, nice and friendly staff (knowledgeable, too), and an all-around fun atmosphere. The food looked great, but we were on our way to dinner, so we didn't indulge. Next time.The staff is amazing - the wine selection second to none! Do yourself a favor and allow your waiter to pick a wine for you based on your preferences!This is a very nice place!! Went here for St. Patty's Day, and sat outside. The atmosphere around the restaurant was great and the wine was amazing. We had multiple glasses of Reisling and Prosecco... they were wonderful. We had the cheese and charcuterie board... they were both delightful. The best thing about this spot was the excellent service. Though, we were sitting outside, they constantly checked on us and made us feel so welcomed. I will definitely be back!!!I must admit that I am not the wine and cheese sort of guy more of a beer and chips dude but this place was a nice change of pace.  We had some kind of French wine that I damn near licked out of the glass that it was so good. My wife and I sat in front of some open windows and sipped wine for what seems like all afternoon. We also had a platter of cheese and some meats that was finger licking good. 
If I lived in Philly I could easily see me taking my wife here on a regular basis to just sip a little wine and enjoy our life.Let me first start off by saying I am no means a wine snob or high brow foodie. I am pretty much down to earth and understand the service industry as I once spent long nights slaving away in a restaraunt wondering if I would be the unlucky one to draw a 2 dollar tip on a 200 dollar tab. Now that I am in a position to enjoy the fruits of my labor I expect certain things from certain establishments. Especially when I plan to drop several bills in one sitting. This review is for the service. The food was average at best. Sub-par cheese and charcuterie spread. Wine was decently priced and had plenty of offerings.
Now on to the service... or lack thereof...
I shouldn't have to ask for you to fill waters or to re-up on my wine bottle order. I shouldn't have to wave down foodrunners to help clear the table of unused items that prohibit me from eating properly or move on to my next course. These are basic activities that should be the norm at all levels from TGI Fridays to a $500 plate dinner.
I can understand that servers and runners have multiple tables to run and turn,but not coming back and asking for the status of our experience or even offering up an opportunity for another round or food order is redonkulous.Especially on a Friday night at 9pm. We basically paid our check and went to another establishment to finish our dinner. Maybe it was just that waitress,on that night, during those hours. Maybe she just caught her bf cheating on her with the new hostess in the meat fridge. Honestly I don't care... Will not return. 
Service industries are in the game of generating revenue by giving a customer experiences that they are willing to pay and sometimes over pay to have.
Employees in these industries need to understand that they are there to facilitate that experience. Acting rude or like you are better than your customers or the industry puts you on the fast track to seeking other employment opportunities. You are never too busy to come by and ask if we need anything else even the check.
Spend your cash somewhere else. Plenty of options in Philly.Summer  (feeling) in the city. Philly has this gem of a wine bar and it was truly a great experience on a beautiful night to dine outside on St. Patrick's Day. Had a glass of sparkling wine. Chucutari board and cheese board. Duck and chicken Pate was excellent. Exotic cheeses were grand and very tasty. Sliced appes, Apple butter spread, spicy mustard spread. Loved it. Definitely  see myself going back!One of my favorite places in Philly! I love Vintage Wine Bar for many reasons. As soon as you walk in, you will be struck by the beauty of the place. It's full of interesting art and a lovely chandelier. Floor to ceiling give a warm, vintage feel to the whole place. You truly forget you are sitting on one of the busiest streets in town. 
The service (Mark) was helpful in making recommendations, friendly and quick! We told him we were from out of town and he quickly made different suggestions of things for us to see and do!
The Happy Hour was superb, offering lots of treats for $7 or under. We tried the pear and brie bites on a crostoni and they were to die for! 
I will be back and highly recommend you do the same!More of a early fall and late spring haunt for me - Vintage holds a special place in my heart as the first bar I visited in Philly after moving home.  It is so far my favorite wine bar.
The atmosphere and servers here are awesome.  These are true sommeliers - so ask questions about wine and learn a few things while you're there.  They have good house wines - but I swoon over some of the bottles available here.  Most particularly a South African Malbec called Tumara Bellevue.  If you don't know what you like in a wine - this is a good place to go and try to describe what you'd like to the waitress.
The menu can be a little weak at times.  Occasionally I'll see something on the specials list which will make for a good meal - most notably their Skate Wing... which has set the bar against which I judge everyone else's skate.  They also had a killer roast duck last fall.  But no matter what you get, order the Gorgonzola and Fig Bruschetta to start... the balsamic reduction they use for it is amazing... and the calimari is typically good although at times inconsistent.
Long story short - this is one of my favorite happy hour spots... but if you're looking for a place to hole up for the night I'd plan to start or end here and check the specials menu before you decide where to eat.This place has always had a great charm about it.  The service is always great, with a staff that actually knows what they're talking about when it comes to wine.  The owners are usually there to expand upon any wine selections (and they do know their wine).
The food has always been great.  Their charcuterie plate is always a nice offering, with seasonal fruit to go with the meats and cheeses.  They're specials are always worth trying.  The grilled octopus special they have from time to time is delicious, and the Pacu ribs they had two years ago are still always on my mind (PLEASE GET THEM BACK!!!)
Definately a place worth checking out if you like wine and good food.I tried Vintage on my first business trip to Philadelphia and made a point of returning twice on my second. It's a wonderful place to relax with a glass of wine (or two or three), a book, and a nice meal. The wine list is comprehensive and interesting, the food is excellent, the staff are knowledgeable and strike the right balance between being overly solicitous and snooty, and the atmosphere is warm and inviting. I especially appreciate their friendliness towards me as a solo diner. A full meal with drinks will take a bite out of your wallet, but the cost is  not unreasonable for the quality and they have items in a broad enough price range that you can do pretty well without breaking the bank.This was a FABULOUS experience.  I am a wine LOVER but had never been here before.  Corey, the bartender, was dead set on finding me the PERFECT wine.  I settled on a nice Chianti but not before trying about three other wines.  Jon M. got a great red wine that had a pepper taste.  Corey was an absolutely great bartender:  had great tips, gave us some info about different grapes grown on different terrain and talked to us about the wines we had chosen.  
It was quite empty for 8o'clock on a saturday. Filled up as we tried to go back later.  Awesome decor - made me want to make myself a wine box wall  :) 
Definitely a must-do in philly.Came here for drinks once and my friend got carded. For some reason they required her to show a passport even though she had her Chinese driver's license. Aside from that the place was fine.My girlfriend and I had an excellent experience here. We had the vegetable risotto and lamb kofta, and a great wine that our waitress recommended (fire road pino noir, I think). All the food was tasty, and it was reasonably priced, unlike some of the other restaurants in the surrounding blocks. Then we ordered a second round - different glass of wine for her, draft beer for me. Only it turned out that they had just switched the keg, so I picked a bottle instead. Then the waitress came back with our drinks, apologized for the delay (which we hadn't noticed), and told us this round was on the house. What?! Amazing! If I lived in Philly, this would be my new favorite restaurant. As it is, I'll be sure to come back next time I'm in town.My friends and I were so excited to have dinner and a few drinks here for happy hour. Our waiter was so rude to us that we ended up chugging our drinks and running out of there. This guy was snobby and rude as soon as we walked in the door. Its a shame because this place has a great atmosphere and $4 house wines for happy hour. Sadly I won't be coming back here.Came here looking for wine and conversation with friends, was not disappointed. We had a few red wines. The house Pino Noir was $6 which is my current favorite. Atmosphere and music was spot on for a nice evening out. There is lots of seating at the bar and 2 person high tops, so date nights with quick seating is possible. There is a street side seating area with heat lamps, but being the dead of winter only smokers took breaks out there. During the warmer seasons this is a popular seating area as the 'Gayborhood' has great people watching. One of the best areas in Philly and could see taking the ladies in my family here.
Later on we added the cheese plate to the drink order which came out with paired fruits and bread. The cheeses were explained and I was extremely impressed that they had raw milk cheeses. I thought in the US that we could only have pasteurized cheese and needed to go to Euro to try a true cheese. Save the plane ticket and stop here instead. 
Staff is very helpful and knowledgeable. Great overall experience, will have to come back to try their dinner service.Made a reservation for Restaurant Week.  Overall, we were not impressed.  The portions were very small for $35 per person.  Just about everything was under seasoned.  The lemon whipped cream served on top of the peach and blueberry cobbler was over whipped into butter.  Not sure how that goes unnoticed in the kitchen.  We will not be back.came here for late night drinks... late night for me is 11pm!! Anyways, selection is great and prices were descent.  Can't go wrong. I love the ambiance.I had great snails here and a really good chicken entre. The wine was decent and the crowd was subdued. I had a nice experience.Happy Hour 4-6. $4 or $5 glasses of wine and some small plates on special.  Bartenders were awesome.  Very friendly and quick.  Good atmosphere, great place to meet up with some one a grab a drink.I love every single visit I take to Vintage. The food and wine selection are absolutely delightful. My favorite visits are perhaps my late night visits. The late night menu is delicious and different, and I completely recommend getting a cheese board. If you're lucky enough one of the fabulous bartenders may even ask to pick the cheeses for you. Mallory is undoubtedly my favorite bartender, her sheer enthusiasm continues to make me return, but the entire staff (Jameson, Vez, and Manager Britt) are kind and obviously strive to give impeccable service.Came here last Friday night with a friend from out of town and shared red and white wine flights. I loved the ambiance! Luckily it was nice out so we were able to sit outside. The food was just ok, we had the calamari which was nothing special. The service was just fine, not too friendly but it didn't hinder our experience. Definitely a great, low key place to enjoy some wine with friends!This place reminds me of Tria, but a little more spacious. My posse of lady friends were hoping for a quiet evening filled with classy beverages, some small bites, and of course, girl talk. We just got dinner from nearby, and we were sold on the easy going and comfortable atmosphere. Not only does this make a fine establishment to dish on the latest gossip, but it also makes a a great date place to wine and dine. The place is nice and dim, and I loved their ginormous wine bottle chandelier above the bar! We sat in the back, right next to their sweet cork divider. I heard 4,000 corks? Whoa!
The menu is massive and impressive. Since we just ate, we were looking for something sweet. The Brie en Croûte was delicious! Baked brie wrapped in a puff pastry adorned with sliced pears and in a caramel sauce. As for wines, I chose a spicy red called Carmenere (under the unusualy and exciting reds section), while others chose the house red, the Interchange, and a riesling. They served beer, too!
I'm sure I'll be here again!Like most non-Philadelphians, Tria is the only wine bar I read about in the Travel section from most reliable NY news publications. 
We made it a point to go there (for tourist reasons) during a chicks' night out. Since we were stationed at the Marriott on 13th St near City Hall, we decided a 10 block hike in 30-degree weather too brutal an ordeal for us. We settled for 2nd fave Vintage a couple blocks away after reading Jonathan T's review.
Upon entering, the Vin Marshall chandelier made of multi-tiered wrought iron frame with a colorful collage of empty bottles grabbed our attention. There were 2 empty stools by the bar right underneath it. We figured no one wanted to take the chance being seated there in case the chandelier suddenly comes crashing down on them.
This place is dark, long, and narrow. The decor is minimal and the ambience appeals to a more laid-back local yuppie crowd. The gender ratio was evenly balanced and there were more groups than couples hanging out here. There's nothing hipster pretentious about the service. The bartenders are goofball friendly and can turn into savvy cork dorks when you ask for a recommendation on specific wines.
The food selection was pretty decent but there's not much to rave about. We first ordered the 3 tiered cheese plate. It consisted of fruits on the top, 4 imported cheeses in the middle: Morbier (soft cow's milk cheese), Explorateur (triple creme goat's cheese), Roaring 40s (King's Island blue cheese), & Ghettoise (stinky unpasteurized cheese), and slices of baguette bread at the bottom. 
It was a good cheese selection, but we were disappointed getting bread in place of cured meats on the bottom plate. If they were out of the cured meats, perhaps honey-glazed mixed nuts would have been a better substitution?  
In addition to the cheese plate, we ordered the beef satay skewers (3pcs) soaked in peanut sauce. It was too sweet and I would have preferred a different marinade sauce. Since it was a filling dish, I decided not to complain.
I can understand why Tria frequently gets the nod over Vintage: 
1. Both are known for their extensive wine selections, but Tria comes out ahead with a more diverse and a much longer beer list.
2. There are over a dozen cheeses to choose from at Tria. At Vintage, you are limited only to 4 cheeses.
On the minus side of Tria, expect to wait 20-30 minutes for seating. It's always crowded and so loud you'd have to conduct conversations as if you were at a rock concert. There is more of a NY than a Philly flavor there. Why not head on over to Vintage and experience a more local and mellow atmosphere? It's the perfect alternative and we enjoyed our evening.There is a nice atmosphere and nice selection of wine. The food is limited, but is generally pretty good.Ordered red sangria and cant believe this wine bar got it wrong. It was extremely watered down and tasteless, the glass they gave the sangria in was very bulky - it was not a good Sangria overall. We ordered a fig and gorgonzola bruschetta and the housemade country patè - which was good but they took FOREVER to make it. It wasnt worth the wait time though. Overall not a good experience and I wouldn't be coming back.I like this place a lot.  Chill, good food, enviroment. Great wine selections. Unpretentious crowd. Staff is coolThere aren't too many proper wine bars in this city, and I know Tria is the obvious favorite, but let me tell you why, even though I love Tria, I would actually say Vintage is superior in several key ways.
Vintage offers an extensive wine selection, with plenty of affordable but delicious bottles, and a wide selection of wines by the glass. The servers are knowledgeable about the wine and are quick to offer samples from the menu. Last time I was there, I was looking for a tart but not too sweet white, and the server allowed me to try three different wines before making my choice. Very accommodating and friendly. 
They also offer a pretty decent beer bottle selection, and the food is relatively cheap, with a burger and other similar entrees clocking in at only $11. I've personally never eaten here, but friends of mine have, and have said it ranged from just OK to great. So, Vintage may not be a go to spot for food, but if you're going for amazing wine, and an extensive selection, the food comes secondary anyway. 
Another plus about this spot is that even though it's hip and top quality, it's rarely over-crowded, and it's often easy to find a seat or spot at the bar even on weekends, making it an ideal place to start or stop your night of bar crawling, or for a brief repose from a day of running errands or splurging at J. Crew (not referring to myself here).
If your personality isn't abhorrent, this is an easy win for a first date drink. This is also a good place to dump someone, too. Plenty of delicious wine to take your mind off of reality. If only we had more wine bars like this in Philly.I've been meaning to write this review for a while now, but have never found the time. Vintage will always have a special place in my heart because that is where I went on my first date with my now-fiancee. However, that's where the magic ends for me.
Their wine flights are excellent, and the best part of this place. Appetizers are ok. However, I find their service lacking, and the last time I was there, it was enough to make me never want to return. After getting carded, I took out my driver's license that had a hole punch in it (out of state, and I recently had gone to the DMV to get a PA license) as well as the temporary license that the DMV issues. My waiter made a big scene and said this was an unacceptable form of ID. I asked him to speak with his manager, since, those same forms of ID are acceptable to the TSA and the government. He finally left and took so long to come back, that I just asked back for my ID and left. He dealt with it in such an unprofessional manner that the nearby tables were even looking at me.Vintage Wine Bar was never a consideration for me before, but we are currently on a wine kick and noticed this spot while we were at Zavino. On a busy Friday night, we managed to get a table inside and by the window. It was a little cramped but it was to be expected. 
Space: Typical of Market East area, a lot of these places will be tight. I felt bad passing by people at tables with my 2 bags and hoped I didn't whack anyone while they were enjoying their dinner. 
Service: Attentive and friendly. I enjoyed the service from the host, food runner and our waitress.
Food: Wow, I never hear this place mentioned for having great food but it must be getting slept on. I LOVED my venison stew and my pistachio financier dessert. 
Overall, a wonderful experience here.The four stars are for the wine bar part.  Vintage has a good selection of wines and a nice setting in which to enjoy them -- exposed brick, a variety of seating options, and an upscale rustic look.  They also hosted a festive Beaujolais Nouveau fete recently, helping the party atmosphere by providing French berets to all. 
The food options did not strike me as particularly appealing and were pricey to boot.  I got to try a couple of their soups.  The cheese and bread in the French onion soup were tasty, but the onions tasted like they might have gotten a bit charred while getting caramelized.  The mushrooms in the veggie soup were yummy, but the soup itself was somewhat listless.   
Service was good.Best Creme Brulee ever!!! And they serve my favorite beer, Bell's Two Hearted Ale. I haven't tried their food yet, so I'm reserving the fifth star for after I have.I went in to Vintage after months of meaning to check it out and was completely unimpressed.  On first entry, nobody was at the hostess stand, but the sign said wait to be seated.  I looked around and couldn't see anyone who worked there except the bar tender, so I walked over to the bar and sat down at the last available seat, thinking I would have myself a happy hour drink as a treat.  Unfortunately, I was ignored for about 10 minutes.  During that time, I perused the menu and wasn't impressed with the wine selection.  I'm not sure why the bar tender decided to ignore me, since she walked past me several times, but it might have been because she seemed to be flirting with several gentlemen at the other end.  Needless to say, I got up and left.  I won't be back.This little wine bar is perfect for date night!  It's quite intimate and romantic with it's brick interior and dim lighting.  They offer a small menu plus chalkboard specials along with a nice selection of wines and wine flights.  The night I visited there was a filet listed as a chalkboard special and it was quite good - cooked to the right temperature and if I recall correctly served with a red wine reduction.  It was the perfect compliment to the many red wines I sampled.
The servers were friendly and knowledgeable about the selections.  I told my server what types of wine I enjoyed and she made recommendations from there.  She was spot on with her recommendations. 
Overall, this was a great experience and I will definitely visit again when I have the opportunity to travel to Philadelphia.  Bonus - walking distance from the Marriot downtown!There's a lot about this place to love, before one even gets to wine and food. You walk into a long narrow bar with a rustic, yet refined ambiance. The interior is beautifully done and the noise level is moderate, so it's the perfect spot for either a first date or just catching up with friends and/or coworkers.
I've come multiple times for happy hour (however, be warned, their happy hour is from 4-6 not standard 5-7, which is sort of annoying but whatever). It's a great opportunity to try decent wines for a very reasonable price. Another happy hour perk at Vintage is that they offer a daily bubbly special, which I have yet to encounter elsewhere in the city.  
I'm only subtracting one star because I find the food to be rather lackluster. While I never had any entrees, the appetizers I've tried were just alright. I was particularly disappointed by the Fig & Gorgonzola Bruschetta - it lacked presentation, was very messy to eat, and the Gorgonzola was overwhelmingly mild for a usually potent cheese.We stopped in during Sips while we waited for our table to become available at Sampan. When the server/host came up, I asked if we could sit anywhere for happy hour (it was 6:15-6:30). The guy said happy hour was over. I asked, "Even Sips?" The server pointed and said Sips was in the bar, self-service only. I realize I only asked about happy hour, but I would expect he would have at least mentioned Sips. 
Equally disinterested was the bartender, no matter how nice I tried to be. My husband picked up on it too when he got a drink at the bar. Bummer, as we love wine bars, but with both employees we encountered being grumpy, we quickly finished our drinks and moved onto the next place.I'm an out of towner frequently here for work, and Vintage is my go to spot for an after work drink and light dinner. Great atmosphere, great service, great wines.My favorite Favorite FAVORITE wine bar in the city!!!   This place has my heart and I just can't get enough.  My husband and I usually visit Vintage either before or after we eat  at one of the neighboring restaurants.....it is the perfect date spot.....quiet, dimly lit, very romantic.  The selection of wines from all over the world is seriously impressive, I love being able to leaf through the wine menu and not see wines that you can purchase at your neighborhood liquor store. ...it adds to the ambiance and specialness of Vintage.  For those non-wine drinkers they also have a commodious beer and liquor selection.
Their prices are extremely reasonable and their happy hours specials are always enticing, they also have rotating chalkboard specials. 
What a fab little place.....perhaps one of the city's hidden gems.  I highly recommend!!!A nice place with a big selection of wine, but the atmosphere was boring and service was okay.I love Vintage! And I've told so many people about it. I was excited to introduce two friends to it tonight, but we had one of the rudest waitresses I've ever experienced. It was such a disappointment. She was so incredibly rude for no reason at all.... It was so different from my other vintage experiences!! I'll be back because I've loved vintage and all of the servers there except the one who was so exceptionally rude tonight!Cute place with good wine selection and reasonable prices.  We enjoyed a flight of Italian wines with cheese pairing.  All very good, but the serving of cheese and bread was very small.  Good service and a very nice atmosphere.  We will be back.Fortunately for me, I am hanging out with a serious foodie who is exposing me to all the neat restaurants in the city.
We have come here twice-once after an opera and another after the symphony. Both times have been great, as I really enjoy the wine specials here.  I did a red wine from Argentina the first time, which was amazing...and even tried some escargo.
The second time I went with their salmon appetizer (bruschetta?), which for $7 was very delicious. I really enjoyed it and also the attractive company that I had with me. They also have a great list of beers
Overall, the service has been pretty good here, with the wait staff being very friendly and the ambience being more low-key and relaxed.Great cheese plate. Tasty vino. Love the fact that the bartenders give you a taste if you ask "what is this rose like"......Not enough places in CA do that--and Christ, this is the land of vino!!!  Anyway.....
The cheese plate was so good--one of our pet peeves is restaurants who try to do this, then bring the cheese out rock hard cold.....it's basically supposed to be room temp to bring out the flavors, and they did this perfectly.  And all the pairings with the cheeses were so inventive and good, I don't remember what they all were, but they went together well.  
One slight nit--I wish the bartender would have said "don't order that rose with cheese, it doesn't go"--cuz it didn't.  Should have stuck with the chard, but I didn't ask and she didn't volunteer......just saying.......My partner and I come up to Philadelphia often to get away from Washington.  On almost every occasion, we stop for wine and/or dinner from Vintage.  We wandered in on one of our first trips to Philly, just after it had opened.  
It is definitely a wine bar, but more in the tradition of a neighborhood bistro than a night on the town.  As others have mentioned, wine-related paraphinalia everywhere, but tasteful.  It has a relaxed but laid back feeling.  You wouldn't want to visit in shorts and a t-shirt, but nice casual clothes are perfect.  The waitstaff is attentive and was usually knowledgable about the wine list.
The very first time we visited we each did one of the wine flights.  The selection was very good, the prices were good, and the pours generous.  The small plates and the cheese plate that we ordered to go with it were excellent.  A couple of them were plenty for dinner.
Other times, we have ordered a bottle of wine with the small plates and the cheese plate.  The wine list was extensive, but not arcane, not overpriced, and varied.  One time we visited in the summer and eery bottle of white wine was sold out., but that is the only really poor service that we have had.This was the first stop for us upon arriving to the 13th st Festival. I had been wanting to try this place for a while its been a bookmark for a while unfortunately it left me w/ mixed feelings. 
The Pros: service was great initially we were at a high bar area two top and Vinny P joined us a little later in our time here so our server was gracious enough to move us to a larger table. The wine list has some impressive options for anyones palate. The decor/ambiance was awesome. 
The Cons: the food i wasn't really empresses with the amount of options and the though we didn't order the cheese board it walked by our table a few times and looked disappointingly small.
We started with the gorgonzola dip which was good quite creamy and very flavorful. The downside to this dish was the lack of crackers i think i counted 6 and the container in which the dip came was pretty big. 4 small cut up pieced of  fig and probably a 1/4 of a small granny smith apple was sliced down and served. The wine we chose was great and a steal at 6.00 a glass. I did sample the 5.00 sangria they offered outside and it was very good ! 
We added a side order of fries which came with a red pepper aioli they fries were a hit with the table and id def order them again. 
Price to portion ratio on the food items seemed a little less than average i over heard another table mention they weren't a fan of the cheese selections of accompaniments.
Id come back here for drinks before or after dinner i probably will stick to Tria for my cheese  and snack needs.Great service, lots of wine choices, and great food. We keep going back!  Highly recommend making a reservation though, this place is popular!!Great wine tasting- 4 flights for $17.00 and a great selection. Good appetizers but limited entrees but the one I had was a great value.Stopped here before Barbuzzo.  It looked very inviting because of the decor.  The staff was very nice.   They had Arrogant Bastard so I loved that.  The burgers looked amazing and we kept thinking that we should just stay.  We did have a lovely meal at Barbuzzo but left hungry.  We came here after and had the pickle egg frenchbread and the gorgonzola bruschetta.  The food was amazing.  Once again loved a AB and the staff was awesome.  Will return to eat a full meal here.  This place gets you in the Christmas spirit!First night in Philadelphia.  Looked up wine bars and this is where your good reviews led me, fellow Yelpers.
Crowded for a Thursday night - or maybe it's always crowded?  I sat at one of the three bar seats that were open.  Hipstery-trendy vibe but with character.  Seems like a good date or small group place.
The bartender was nice and attentive.  I had a glass of cabernet, the romaine hearts salad with golden raisin dressing and the bouillabaisse.  Everything was great - the salad in particular was really good, with walnuts and goat cheese.  I'll be back to try more of the menu.Strictly average. The best way to describe everything from the food to the served is average! We tried the famous veggie burger and it was just ok. The  fries and dip were really delicious!
The wine was ok, service was ok and so were the cocktails.Huge fan of Vintage! It's a great alternative to Tria when I want wine and want more to eat than cheese.  I would prefer to give it 3.5 stars, and not three.  But I give it 3 for its slightly overpriced food, and it's weirdly timed happy hour (4 - 6 - I mean who gets out of work at 4?).  Also it is ALWAYS dark in there.  
However, they have a great wine selection, the bartenders are friendly, the food, while overpriced is great, and the crowd is generally awesome.  Definitely a good place to go to in the winter, not so sure about other times of year.I've only gotten food to go from here but the bartenders have always been sweet and helpful, talkative while I was waiting. The food is good! Nice flavor, good unusual small plates you've gotta give a try! Will keep stopping in here!Went here for Happy Hour last Friday and caught the last half hour (it ends at 6!)
but was just enough time to grab two glasses of so so wine but it was cheap so I can't complain
The HH cheese/charcuterie options looked abysmal so we decided to just do drinks
Upon leaving, we found out everywhere was a 2 hr wait for food so we turned around and go re-seated! 
Most of us got the burger which at 9pm anything hot would have tasted good 
It was decent but nothing to write home about and was relatively inexpensive $12
The waitstaff was very attentive and nice--turned on the outdoor heater for us as it started to get chilly outside
Perhaps I'm a bit spoiled coming from years of living in SF, but I expected some more exciting and interesting options for a "Wine" bar
In the city I still think the quality of wines and the selection are better at TriaOne of my favorite if not my favorite places wine and dine places in Philly. I've come here for wine, for food, and for their service (which has always been excellent). 
I absolutely LOVE the German rieslings they have and seasonal selections they provide. In addition, j love their spreads like the Duck Patè and the cheese plate! Absolutely would recommend to any wine and fine dining lover. Although a bit pricey, this is one of the few places where I feel like I get the bang out of the buck I'm spending especially since I'm an avid cook and can taste the quality of the items on their menu. My taste buds deeply enjoy every experience I have here!This review is more for the service experienced. My friends and I had missed Happy Hour at a local restaurant and decided to come here to get a glass of wine and unwind from the week. When asking the server for wine suggestions, we were met with short snide responses. He seemed irritated that I was asking for help in selecting a wine. Wine comes out and we barely saw our server again. He seemed to have his favorites since neighboring tables received much more attention and he seemed to have an easy time talking to them. The glass of wine I had was good but nothing to rave about and the appetizers we ordered were okay. Definitely will not be coming back.Everything was really good, but I don't think it was great enough to make anyone want to come here instead of the other restaurants in this neighborhood.
Pros: I found my new favorite beer (Duvel), and there was places to sit at the bar on a Friday night, the atmosphere is nice, French onion soup, and mashed potatoes.
Cons: limited menu, cocktails were weak and too sour from the fruit, and the best food was the side dish(es).
The French onion soup was the best I've had basically ever. This place puts Parc to shame.
Two of us had the veal short rib, which was disappointing, but the mashed potatoes were amazing. The other person in our party has the burger and didn't seem all too impressed. The fries were good, though, without tasting unhealthy.
I'd come back for beer and French onion soup.Philly is a surprisingly happening place at 5:30 on a Friday night, so the two open seats at the bar at Vintage was a thrilling seat since we were starving and in dire need to quench our thirst with a tasty adult beverage. I ordered an Allagash White and it was served with a lemon slice which I have never experienced before and it really added to the flavor of the beer. My friend has a Wagner's Cider and enjoyed it immensely...I mean who doesn't love a good cider now and again. For dinner we shared an appetizer, two entrees, and a dessert. The appetizer we chose was the Bruschetta with Gorgonzola cheese, fig, radish, green apple, and celery leaf and the juxtaposition of the savory, sweet, and tart components mixed with the creaminess of the cheese and the crispness of the bread was HEAVENLY and my friend is still talking about it several days later. For our entrees, we shared the shrimp that was served on what seemed liked a Tzatziki and had tomatoes, capers, cucumber and micro greens with a wedge of lemon. The shrimp were unbelievably fresh and I was extremely impressed with the light flavor and texture of the shrimp. It was the perfect pairing for the Steak Frites which is much heavier. However, the reason for the deduction of a star is because the steak had absolutely no seasoning or flavor WHATSOEVER (although it was tender and cooked to a perfect medium rare), and the fries were so salty it was as if I was licking on a Himalayan brick of salt. For dessert, we shared the Profiteroles with vanilla ice cream instead of the traditional cream within the pastry. I actually liked it very much and loved the caramel sauce that I was scraping off the plate to make sure none went to waste. The service was great, the ambiance very cool, and the food overall quite good. I would go back just for the bruschetta again. I loved the chandelier made from wine bottles and thought the art that adorns the walls is eclectic and  cool.You should totally check this place out. Vintage is a dimly lit wine bar with a huge selection of delicious and reasonably priced wines. The ambiance is very chic and romantic, a perfect date spot really. They have lots of comfortable chairs and booths, and an awesome chandelier made out of empty wine bottles. 
The wine list is extensive and has everything from Pinot Grigio through Malbecs and Torontes. I would estimate that the wine averages around $9/glass, which isn't bad a for a place like this. If you're not sure what to get, definitely ask the bartenders. They are very knowledgeable and will not steer you wrong. 
I would recommend catching dinner across the street and Sampan and wandering over here for some post-dinner drinks and conversation.3 stars based on the cheese plate but overall and based on past experience - four stars.
Great wine selection and happy hour wine prices. Funky ambiance with exposed brick and changing artwork featuring local artists. Food selection is small, but usually    Satisfying and well-executed. Cheese plate left much to Be desired and is not worth the $15 they charged for it. For someone visiting town, I'd be hard pressed to send them to vintage over tria which is just a couple blocks away. Great outdoor seating and open window.  I work nearby and this is my go-to spot for an after work glass of wine with my wife or friends.I just got back from the vintage wine bar...after flying all day from San  Diego.  We walked to the Vintage Wine Bar from Loews... A short walk and well Aleut the 5 minutes it took.  We had the calamari appetizer....superb.  We have the bronzino fish for dinner...equally superb.  We dined outside.  The bartender learned how to make my favorite drink (Colorado Bulldog) and we had a wonderful dinner. Great atmosphere and service.  Easy to walk to from Loews or the M!arriott. My husband had a nice beer and the wine list was exceptional.  We will be back.  Wonderful wonderful.Food didn't taste good and wine too expensive and nothing special.
We decided to eat there because everywhere else was booked.
I had a chicken and the sauce that they service wasn't that great.   I probably won't go back there.In a city that seems to be lacking bars dedicated to the grape, Vintage is refreshing. A lot of wines from which to choose. At one visit, I was able to order a white grenache, which was very tasty. The food is good, but not outstanding. The staff has been very friendly every time we've been there. I'll definitely make this a regular place for a pre-dinner drink when I'm in the city.The atmosphere in this place is great, and as other reviewers noted, they have a pretty good selection of wines by the glass, bottle, and flight.  The food is really good, though I have had much better charcuterie plates. 
4 stars because of the service: The server did not offer to describe any of the wines nor answer questions. When prompted, he told me only the varietals, which I already knew.  IMO, the reason to go to a wine bar is to try new wines and learn just a little about them.  The staff at Tria is a lot more helpful and knowledgeable.Good selection of wine by the glass and bottles and lovely atmosphere. Great after dinner drinks too.. Small menu so don't plan on stuffing yourself here but do get the squash appetizer because it's so yummy.Overpriced, small dishes. Not that flavorful or well executed. Maybe we just hit it on a bad night, but I'd say there are better values elsewhere in the neighborhood.Vintage is sexy, no two ways about it.  Their music is sexy (was that RJD2 I heard on the stereo?  I believe it was), their lighting is sexy, and their wines - smooth and exquisite - are definitely sexy.
Their bathrooms... could use some work.  I'm not a fan of paper towel waste strewn about the (damp!) floor.  I'm not a fan of funky smells, either.  This definitely detracted from my otherwise swanky experience.  But, to be fair, the other bathroom was clean and not a problem.
Come here for the wine, but eat before you go - the food here is good, but overpriced.  I say this not with regard to the quality of the food, but rather the quantity.  I ended up paying twice what I usually pay and getting less than half as much.  For the few hours I spent at Vintage, I could play at being a sophisticated adult, but after paying the bill and walking out, I was harshly reminded that I am barely out of college with an entry-level salary - I'll happily go back, but not on my own nickel.The staff is so friendly, the atmosphere is great, and the wine is fabulous.  They let you taste various types if you are unsure of what to get, and make great recommendations.
I recommend getting the olive platewith your wine!!Really like this place. The ambiance is awesome, but the cheese plate puts it over the top. They always have great accompaniments to their tasty cheese, and they don't skimp like some places if you need extra toast. We usually go here for a pre dinner drink, and leave in good spirits.Wandered into this awesome little space on Valentines Day evening to grab some drinks with friends.  A wine and liquor selection that is out of the park and a decent beer selection, this spot is a nice place to start or end your night.  Their food menu looked pretty decent as well, although I was much too full to try anything from it.  I'd suggest popping into this place if you ever need a place to meet up with some people in the city before or after dinner, or even for a light after work happy hour.A great selection of wine, delectable bites and a great atmosphere. What more do you need for an after work drink spot?
Happy Hour here is great- they have discounted glasses of wine, beer and their house made sangria. Happy Hour starts early here and ends early (4-6)- we missed it by a half hour, however, their house Pinot Grigio was only $6 a glass, which made for a cheap night. 
We ordered the cheese plate to accompany our wine- it came with a nice selection of different cheeses as well as freshly baked baguette and fruit. It was a good appetizer choice since we weren't too hungry.
The best place about Vintage is that they can open up the windows to the outside. Since it was nice yesterday, they had the windows open so you could enjoy the outdoor air. They also have outdoor seating- this is going to be perfect for Sips in the summer.
Definitely want to come back here and try the full menu for dinner- just need to make sure to book a reservation. The wait last night was 2.5 hours for a table of 4.The Vintage Burger is not only extremely tasty but every component is cooked to perfection. The bacon was crispy and delightful while the cheese was melted but held it's structure. Additionally, the burger was served with a great aioli, I wish I had gotten more.I am less impressed by this place compare to other wine bars but definitely is not bad.  Me and my friend ordered bubbly and sangria but was not aware that it is actually 2 different drinks listed on the same line, either way, I loved both the bubbly and the sangria (5 dollars each at happy hour).
As for the food, they have a decent size menu. My friend had the lamb chop which use to be 19 dollars as a meal but is not 10 dollars as an appetizer, even better in my opinion. Also had tuna from specials menu which was only mediocre.   I would come back for drinks.Can't believe this place isn't busier. I stop by, and it's never as packed as all the other restaurants in the neighborhood. I guess this is a good thing. 
In any case, a friend & I  had the mussels the homemade spaghetti special, which contained beef cheeks, wild mushrooms & a poached egg. It was really good. We also had some chocolate cake made w/ some sort of local beer. Also very good.
The one complaint I had was with how the mussels were served. They brought them out on this tower w/ an empty bowl on the bottom, the mussels in a bowl in the middle, and the fries on top. It made for some awkward maneuvering trying to avoid knocking anything over, and it made it very difficult to dip the fries in the mussels. Oh well. Just a small thing. At least the food was great.
I will definitely come back here to try more stuff.Great place for a date. Get the night started at the bar with some house wine and the cheese plate. Cheese plate comes with taleggio and Roquefort paired with fig paste and sweet brittle. It also comes with sliced red grapes and strawberries. I believe there are four types of cheeses total. I also recommend coming around 7:30 PM on a Saturday for a good vibe.
Pros
* Good wine and food at a reasonable price
* Excellent appetizer pairing with wine
* Not overly crowded or loud
* Great dimly lit atmosphere
* Central location
* Excellent staff: friendly and knowledgeable 
* Unique central wine bottle chandelier 
* Lots of bar space for food and drinks
Cons
* Place can feel a bit small
* No live musicAwesomeness must stop by if you love wine!!!! The food was delicious and the service was GREAT!!! Crowd was grown and sexy!!!Everything was going great until the MANAGER ruined with his horrible customer service. I ask for a napkin, and he says "you can get one from the bar" and then walks away.... No, that does not work for me. So I catch up to him and ask for the manager. Turns out, he's the manager! So I tell him that's horrible customer service. I am sitting down at a table and if I ask for a napkin, a server should bring me one for convenience of the customer. I shouldn't have to get up and walk to the bar, then wait for a bartender to notice me to get a napkin! You do NOT direct me to get one from the bar. Now Center City Sips had just ended, and everything went through the bar... But regardless, I am spending my money here... And still spending money post CC sips, so I'm still a customer! The LEAST you can do is bring me a simple napkin and show some respect for your guests.... That is completely ridiculous!  On a more positive note, the wine was amazing. Customer service... Awful. Not only the manager but some of the servers as well. Oh and I forgot, he also asked in a snobby manner if I had a server... For a simple napkin!! Go get the napkin manager,.. You're job is to make sure things run smoothly and the customers are happy. Period. He never brought the napkin after I told him about his awful customer service. Luckily my friend is very laid back and went to the bar and got one.Good selection and decent prices. The area around the bar has great attractions to, so this is a good place to start a wild weekend or spend a quiet evening.Love this place! Great wine list, simple and delicious food. Amazingly great staff. Highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a nice glass of wine. Make sure and order the Brie never disappoints. YUM YUMWandered in while looking for another bar. Awesome atmosphere. Fun flight & "tour" options - plus heavy pours. Will definitely visit whenever I'm in philly!Hate the food. Love the wine and the ambience. Perfect date place! I'm snobbish about the right way to serve wine (temperature, stemware etc)..and they meet all the marks! The best wine bar in the area! Extensive selection by the glass as well as by the bottle. Some beers and cocktails Alan available.
Bartender and wait staff are always a little brusque and condescending--they need more training...
I give 5 stars for the wine and the ambience.I am a regular at Vintage Wine Bar. The wine list is extensive but the non-wine drinkers are not left aside and there is a pretty decent beer list too. The food is excellent either for small plates to munch on at Happy Hour or for a nice lunch. The staff is knowledgeable and friendly. A perfect place to sit down, relax and enjoy good wine, good food and good company.The wine selection is extensive and perfect for any palette. Absolutely enamored with their happy hour. It has such a lovely, laid back atmosphere with a rustic aesthetic which definitely aids in unwinding after a lengthy day at work or school. The service there is impeccable, which makes the place all the more lovelier.I love the wine flights here, a rarity throughout the city. They have great themes, so if you know what you like, they can guide you towards a particular flight. The bartenders and servers are so knowledgable too. The food here is classic French fare. I've had the burger and it was alright. Good but nothing to write home about. Its wine is definitely the star of the show. 
In the warmer months, the windows and sidewalk seating are open. With its central location on the bustling 13th St., it's a great place to relax and people watch. They're also a great lower-key option compared to their neighbors. The music and ambiance is dim and jazzy, making it a great romantic date spot too (as opposed to some louder, trendy neighbors).Terrific wine selection!  (You'd hope so, as they're called a Wine Bar!)
The decor is unique - a wall of wine corks and a chandelier of wine bottles, just to give a taste.
The food was well done.  The beef skewers were delectable, the artichoke chips tasty (though a bit oily), and the gorgonzola & fig bruschetta is as good as the Yelpers say it is!
Next time I go (and there WILL be a next time), I'm definitely going to try the French Onion Soup.Love this place. My friend and I go to this bar every month on Thursday or Friday night. They have really good selection of wines, great ambience and really friendly staff. I wish they would have more food options, but their main focus is wines, so that's fine. Will definitely be coming back over and over.Uninspired, unimpressive, average lunch and happy hour joint. Not a wide selection of anything, but 1 type of everything that "will do". Not a bad place, good service, just nothing making it a special place.Excellent service. amany of the wines were not fitting my pallet for the evening and our bar tender just kept working with me till we found a wine i loved! The bar was full and I didn't feel like I had to really wait to get a drink. wine selection was good, it was the server and service that made this place excellent!Great wine bar! It has a wonderful wine list outdoor seating when it's warm. Knowledgable and friendly staff.Their chef, Ian, is wonderful. My party went there on a Sunday night and Ian prepared us the most delicious meals. HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS PLACE! Best cooking in Philadelphia!Wood walls, small tables, dimly lit interior; think french bistro meets a hotel bar's wine cellar. It's a warm, intimate space that's sure to win more than a few hearts. Their menu is equally endearing, with promises of charcuterie, mussels and fig & gorgonzola bruschetta. So why three stars? All the food just fell flat on it's face. Some of the flavor combinations were strange and those that weren't didn't quite satisfy what we envisioned when ordering. Everything was okay; nothing was noteworthy. Given the wife and I were looking for a *good* meal out to escape some less-than-awesome stuff going on around us, it was... disappointing.
To be fair, a place like this would have never been possible in the Philadelphia I left a dozen years ago. I well and truly appreciate what they're trying to do and that Philly is embracing it. That aid, I think they have a ways to go before fully realizing their potential. Hopefully by the time you read this, Vintage will be everything we wanted it to be.I really wanted to like this place. I stopped in on Monday and was met with a pleasant welcome by the bartender. Discussed the fact that I am not a wine drinker but was interested in finding one that I can enjoy. He poured me a glass and it was spot on. So I defiantly told him I would be back. I met up with a coworker on Wednesday  and we were greeted very rudely by staff. We probably should have left right then but I figured maybe someone had a bad day. We may have seen our waiter, twice in the whole evening. Never was checked on and when we ordered the 2 wine flights, he took the glass and literally put his nose in it. I know that this is what real wine drinkers do but both me and my coworker were taken back by this. She actually thought he took a sip. Will I be back? Maybe but I will sit at the bar and deal directly with the bartender and NOT the waiters.I came here for happy hour with some coworkers. We had tapas and house wine. The food was very tasty, and the house wine was shockingly good for happy hour. Ambiance was great, cost was reasonable, and it was good fun. The host was a bit of a jerk (I saw him roll his eyes at many customers, including us), yet the food runners were very professional and well-informed of the menu. I'll definitely go back.Great place to while away a Sunday afternoon. Great atmosphere and window seating made for excellent people watching on 13th street. They make an excellent old fashioned. It was just the way I like them; sweet with the right mix of whiskey.I'm from Texas and I checked on yelp regarding this place. Based on the reviews this was one spot I had to try. So before my friend and I went to the airport, I had to stop by. I'm so glad I went. Walked into the establishment, and was greeted by Mallory. She was awesome! She asked what kind to wines I normally drink and was able to provide a recommendation. I had "The Franc" Cabernet Franc 2015. If you like bold red wines with a hint of smoke this is it. Mallory also recommended, the "Burger Lyonnais" and it was amazing. I really like the atmospherea and customer service. This will definitely be a place I come visit again when I'm in town.For the most popular wine bar in the city, i expect more of a varied selection.  I know we're in PA, but I want things I don't find on the menu everywhere else and i want some things I've never heard of.
The bar is comfortable, the hand hammered aluminum bartop and rail looks awesome, the staff is friendly, and the food is great for snacking on.
Great place to casually grab a drink with a friend or two, but not the type of place I'd recommend for a wine snob.Came all the way from California for the Eagles and stopped here on the way! This is easiest the best food we have had on our trip! The fig & gorgonzola bruschetta melted in my mouth. The other two in my group got the burger and French onion soup and they were incredible as well!! Wonderful and fast service with a cozy atmosphere! Definitely will make it a must-stop place next time! Come early and stay for dinner, it was popular and filled up fast!! All around AMAZING, INCREDIBLE, WONDERFUL!My partner and I had dinner here this evening. The staff were attentive and the food was delightful. I would suggest others try this place as we really enjoyed the selection of food and drinks.Vintage is never super crowded or loud and is great if you just want to relax with a glass of wine and to enjoy some delicious snacks/food.  The waitstaff is etremely courteous and helpful and the place has as a nonpretentious feel.  
Some of the highlights: the gorgonzola spread with chives and is served with apples, figs and thinly toasted and crispy bread (it is a bit skimpy on the bread, but they graciously bring you more when you ask), the gorgonzola and fig bruschetta, creme brulee, and the magnus reisling (a dry reisling).Absolutely, positively LOVED my experience here. 
I had the White Wine "Flight" and all 3 were delicious. So good that I ordered 2 more glasses of one of the options. 
As a table, we split the cheese plate, fig bruschetta (dynamite!!!), the asparagus crepe special and the puff pastry/ Brie/ caramel apple appetizers. I'd recommend all of them. 
The creme brûlée was average, nothing too crazy but tasty nonetheless, and the chocolate filled beignets were great!
The outdoor seating was plentiful and the ambiance inside was enjoyable.The food was good but our server seemed to have better ways to spend his time. We got a burger and salmon which were cooked to our specifications which was a pleasant surprise. We watched as the waiter dilly dallied around by the bar, completely ignoring us. He seemed like a nice enough guy, but would probably be more suited in another profession. Toward the end of our meal what was either another server or back server ended up picking up our table as our waiter couldn't be bothered. Our water bottles were left empty, he never cleared our plates, he never asked if we'd like more wine. All around not the greatest experience.I'd like to thank the super vigilant bartender who noticed my license had expired by a couple of weeks and refused to serve me.  I was able to wine and dine at Zavino instead and went to Penndot the next day.
All in all, this place is nice for cheap glasses of wine.  The food is completely mediocre.A frequent stop after work, the 4-6 happy hour at vintage is the reason to go.  House wines are $3 during happy hour, and the pinot noir, while a bit tart in the beginning, goes down nice and smooth by the end of the glass.  We haven't yet eaten here (and most likely won't), but when it comes to drinks it's a lovely place.  Darkish, small, best seats are at the bar, service friendly and prompt.I had a party of 11 people that I needed extremely last minute. Vintage welcomed us with less then 24 hours notice! We ended up being done our event an hour early and went over to vintage and they sat our party even sooner without any hassle. Especially it being a Friday night 80degree weather. Everyone was very nice and the atmosphere in there is awesome. 
The food was great and the wine even better. I had the mussels and they were excellent, everyone else had the burger and they all enjoyed it. We had multiple bottles of the Malbec and it was wonderful! The prices are also very affordable. If you don't go for dinner it's a must go for a relaxing evening and some good wine! It is a great date night place.My favorite wine bar in the city!!! Such a great selection of wine and the best cheese plate I have ever tasted! AMAZING!!!My friend and I went there for SIPS.  Wish we had arrived sooner because by 6ish they were already out of their SIPS cocktails.  The apps were good, but the portions were tiny.  We each had our own fig & gorgonzola bruschetta and the roasted vegetable brochette.  Both were really good, but so small. It left us hungrier than when we started, and we ended up going over to Jamonera for "real food" !Very nice cozy ambiance. A true wine bar.  Very nice decorations and great service.  Stopped by here with my gf after dinner for a glass of wine. Our waitress was very friendly and made some great recommendations.  We had a great relaxing time.A great wine list with yummy happy hour glasses that are not just the house red or white. The cheese plate is totally worth the $16-- it comes with plenty of interesting and beautiful fruit and baguette.
The service at the bar was really nice and topped off our glasses with the end of the bottle for free. 
The interior is really interesting and pleasant though I can imagine it getting cramped with a full house.First time visiting and was hoping to get there early to make Happy Hour...well, traffic, parking got me there shortly afterwards.   The server was great and offerred to honor first round on both wine and appetizer.  $4 house wine was good and the mussels were fantastic!  Ask for more bread or a spoon as the broth is worth consuming and not wasting!  Tonight, softshell crabs were a special and they were excellent!  Service,  atmosphere and food were all great!I am writing this review with much dismay. Vintage is a spot myself and my mutual friends regularly seek for fun and good food and we've had many a good time, however, tonight really soured my experience and has made me question my opinions of this establishment all together. We walked in around 10:30 PM on a Thursday and not one patron was present. This did not deter us as we sat down at the bar and began looking over the menu for a drink. The bartender was incredibly dismissive and rude and acted like we were a complete nuisance the entire evening (she had notes of blue in her hair). Considering I frequently attend this place on the weekends, I was very taken aback. I observed another team member who, at one point, previously served us a very expensive bottle of wine and provided exceptional service. He did nothing to accommodate us nor meet/exceed our expectations. I know everyone has bad days, being in the restaurant industry myself, but the way this woman treated us was completely unacceptable. I hope that one day she realizes that as much as she may be facing challenges or bad days, that we are patrons, and a simple, "my day sucks," would have been more than enough to explain the absolutely terrible experience we received. We left feeling like a nuisance, and that makes me never want to come back. This really makes me sad. The food is awesome. But the service, after my experience tonight, sucks.My boyfriend brought me here on Valentine's Day.
The atmosphere was great. The table placement made it intimate but not cramped, which made it perfect for a Valentine date. That isn't to say that this place wouldn't be great with a small group of friends... the bar seemed like a good place to sit and there were decently sized tables near the front window.
The people that worked there (the hostess, our waiter, the food runners) were all really friendly and our waiter was able to make a great wine recommendation.
We had the cheese sampler and the duck, which were both DELICIOUS. I'm not sure how frequently they change their wine selection, but when we went they had a great Grenache (Domaine Jaume, 2005) that went really well with the duck.
I'll definitely be back there again soon.Good place for happy hour drinks and snacks. Loved their wine and sangria! Appetizer specials were delicious. They have a small dinner menu but it was not very impressive. Definitely recommend for predinner meet with friends/date and better finding another restaurant to have dinner.I had such a great time the other day at Vintage. I've walked past it often, but wow! It was nicer than I perceived. The staff is super friendly, and helped me choose a wine to my liking. Furthermore, the decor is really warm and inviting. I'll definitely be back!Took a wrong turn to find a parking garage and glad I did. Loved this place. The servers were friendly and focused. The food was great, small portions, but great presentation and flavorful. The selection of wines they offer is a great way to experience different styles. Since they also offer flights you can truly indulge in a new world of tastes! The manager was such a delight and very personable. We will be going back any time we are in the theatre district.Great music. Nice ambience. The food was delish. The fries...yummy!!! Flank steak . Perfectly cooked. Open late. Very nice staff. Cute decor. Thoroughly enjoy my visit here. Photos are added.It turned out we weren't the only people in Philly that wanted to drink on a Saturday afternoon, and Vintage Wine was essentially the only place in the area that eight of us could sit* at the same table. Lucky for us too, because Vintage Wine is a very nice little spot we might not have stumbled upon otherwise. 
While I usually prefer to order wine in a wine bar, I couldn't resist starting with the White & Wild cocktail. Not just because it describes at least a few of the friends I was with, but because it was composed of Vodka, St. Germain, white wine, and more. I like when people mix alcohol with other alcohol and then pour in some more alcohol...and then give it to me. And damn, that shit is refreshing. As was all the wine I sampled afterward.
They have food here, as well, if you didn't know. I know that people have been known to say that we eat first with our eyes, but I tend to disagree. I eat with my mouth, and presentation usually takes a back seat to taste in my mind. But here at Vintage, the meat and cheese plates are actually stunning. I don't know who is artfully arranging fruit and nuts and compotes around a nice array of charcuterie back there, but I really, really appreciate you. Not every place takes such pride in their pear spirals, and you sir or madam, are truly talented.
Now that I'm thinking about it, I like the whole aesthetic in this spot...from the enormous wine bottle chandelier to the glowing cork wall in the back to the tasteful bathroom decor. 
Plus, they have a lot of wine. I'd come back. 
______________
*There were plenty of bars where we could stand and drink, but I'm a crotchety old man these days, and I like hearing what my friends have to say.I had high hopes for Vintage--the interior just looks so cool and chic. Think: high stool, exposed brick walls, and chalkboard specials everywhere. However, I didn't have a good experience here, so I will not be going back.  
I got a glass of white wine, and my boyfriend got a beer. For a place that has a wine theme, the wine list itself wasn't that extensive or impressive. Anyway. For starters, I got the salad, which was fine... I really liked the dressing, which was a truffle vinaigrette. My boyfriend got the calamari, which he really enjoyed--the kick was the rosemary in the batter.
For my main course I got the mussels and fries, and my boyfriend got the steak and fries. When my mussels came out, I got a whiff of this fishy, salty smell from the plate. Not good and I sent back. Tried something else, and wasn't charged for the mussels. I got the beef kebabs, but the bad mussels pretty much ruined the experience.
If I were just rating the steak and fries, the meal would have gotten a 3.5 or 4-- My boyfriend enjoyed his steak and fries. The service was bad, and the mussels capped it off, so am rating this place as a 1.I have been here about 30 times over the last few years.  The service is always exceptional, everyone is friendly & wants to be a friend rather than just a bartender.  The selection of wines is vast & ever changing as is the menu.  
I am a vegetarian and Vintage always offers several options, none of which have ever disappointed.  
Their veggie burger is home made & delicious, some times I get the fries & sometimes a side salad.  The wine flights are a fun way to try different regions & the bartenders are so knowledgeable they can always make a suggestion that you're sure to like. 
The place is small & but the atmosphere is big & fun.  Give it a try, you won't be disappointed.First place I visited as soon as I landed in Philly and plopped down my stuff at hotel.  Place has this intimate, sexy feel and it's always a good sign when a place dedicates its menu to a carefully selected collection of wine and great, seasonal food.
I had the butternut squash soup- I was thick, hearty, and perfectly seasoned with a couple of strips of bacon just to add texture to the smooth an creamy base of the soup.  
The mussels with fries were perfect and their current selection of wine flights allowed me to enjoy a great variety of Sauvignon Blanc to accompany my meal.  
Above all, the service was great! Knowledgeable waiter whose friendly and attentive service enhanced my dining experience.I came here with some friends expecting to drink a lot of wine and eat a lot of food, and that was accomplished.  Overall, we had a great time.  They have a nice atmosphere and we were seated immediately even though we upped our reservation just a couple hours before.  
The wine list is great, with many options to choose from for every wine drinker.  We even ordered a couple of bottles for the table.  I also like that the servers kept our water flowing so we could stay hydrated. 
 I tried the calamari, and gnocchi and scallop special, and the veggie burger.  The calamari was spot-on, as was the gnocchi.  The gnocchi was melt in your mouth fantastic. I wasn't very impressed with the veggie burger.  Although it tasted fresh and homemade, it lacked a range of flavor and tasted mostly like mashed potatoes.  I also didn't enjoy their ketchup marinara sauce concoction used to dip the fries and calamari in.  They could choose to have a great ketchup or a great marinara but the combination seemed acidic and strange.
I'd definitely come back here againPork shoulder Pate is amazing; chicken breast was far more interesting than expected. Portions for food are small but the tastes are fantastic. If you're into reds definitely try the "exciting reds" menu - the Chilean wine with hints of jalepeno was exceptional. Great decor & art on the walls as well.Picked a balls-ass cold Saturday evening complete with an inch or two of snow to head to Vintage. Was jonesing some wine. Wine wins out over cold and snow.
We arrived around 6:30, and the place was pretty empty. Our waiter was ok. He forgot to let us in on wine specials for the evening. And then as I asked for one of the specials, he told me that they were out of that wine. 
I ordered a Malbec and my fiance had a pinot grigio. We ordered a cheese plate. The cheese was pretty good, although the amount of cheese was a little sparse of the $16 price tag. We barely finished the cheeses when our burgers appeared. At least the waiter apologized for the rapid succession of foods being transferred to and from our table. Fiance got a flight of reds and I settled for a syrah. 
The burgers were good. The roasted red pepper  on the burger was a different spin. It made the burger seem a bit drier. The fries were good, and the homemade ketchup (or is it catsup?) was good.
As we were leaving, the place was beginning to fill up. 
We liked it, enough to go back, but not enough to stay for more wine after dinner. No...we went somewhere else that was wonderful. You'll have to read my other reviews to find out where that was.I was here last Friday for a few drinks after work around 6PM and it was a full house. My friends and I stood near the bar since we could not find any available seats. The venue has a small and cozy atmosphere. The wine selection was very accommodating to a novice wine drinker. 
The classes were around $8-12+ per glass but the best take away was the service. The bar tender, Malory, was very helpful and accommodating. She had water on deck to wash out the different wine taste between glasses. I'm not a big wine drinker but I wouldn't mine coming back here to try a new wine.Even if you're not much of a wine drinker, you'll definitely find something to suit your style.  For a wine bar, their liquor selection is par, and if you're not a total beer snob,  they also have an impressive bottled beer list.
Their wine list is über extensive, and even better, every member of the staff I've encountered has impressive knowledge of all of the wines available and is more than happy to assist you in choosing a glass to your liking, even providing multiple tastings. Although I wouldn't label this joint as a "value", their house wines are reasonably priced and during happy hour only four bucks!
I have thoroughly enjoyed everything on their French inspired menu. Everything is always fresh, with simple and clean flavors and simply yet elegantly presented.  Try the house salad, the beef satay, or if you're very hungry, the steak frites is superb!  Portions are relatively small for the price, but the quality makes it well worth the splurge.  I would advise against the cheese or charcuterie plates, neither are anything spectacular, both are limited in variety and ridiculously overpriced.
Vintage is laid back, candlelit, and perfect for relaxing with a few people, a date or solo. It's perfect for that "me" time you've been craving.  Their display of local art for sale, the chandelier made of wine bottles and the wall made of wine crates create an interesting ambience.
Go! You'll love it.Solid on most counts.
I would highly recommend this place for a date and some above average appetizers. Calamari was great. Obviously, the wine selection is the staple. I was a little surprised by the full bar and fairly extensive bottled beer list. Dimly lit, cool center cityish décor and an awesome bottle lantern thing set the tone right when you walk in. The place is small. Coming with more than 4 people would be a stretch. My buddy and I went at 7 on a Saturday night and didn't wait to be seated...which was great. Service was fair. Only disappointment was the entrees. The Vintage Burger was blah. My friend had the veil and it was pretty average too. They don't take American Express...really? Again, great place for a date, some drinks and an appetizer. I'll be back, but not for dinner.I'm rounding up to 3 stars. Food is okay. Service is below average. Lots of wine to choose from.
French onion soup was nice and hot. A tad salty, but very flavorful.
Salted beet salad was larger than I expected. Good, but nothing spectacular. 
Served duck breast was well cooked. Spätzle was okay. Broccoli rabe was just steamed and put on the plate. Okay, but didn't wow me.
Burger nouveau was average. Cooked well. Bacon jam had very subtle bacon flavor, could barely tell. Nice crisp fries.
Overall, okay/good. Nothing that blew me away for had me begging for more.
Service was lack luster. Very stiff. Inattentive. Not to mention I heard him loudly complain to the bartender about someone leaving him a 10% tip (which is probably deserved). Appetizers came out fairly quickly (probably in 10-15 min). Entrees took forever (another hour after appetizers)
Overall, I may visit for happy hour, but nothing entices me to return for dinner.Mmmm, very delicious. I like the extensive specials list. I also like the variety of food choices. Haven't had wine here so I can't comment on that.
The service is always great...super nice wait staff. 
Love the atmosphere, but the music could be turned down a bit.Great selection of wine, friendly service, fantastic food!  Wish there was a wider selection of food, but everything was amazing... especially the bruschettas and the baked brie.  YummmyyyyyI went to Vintage with a friend for their happy hour special, half priced glasses of a decent selection of house wines. The rest of the wine list was pretty extensive. If you are wino and live in philly definitely make the trip to Vintage.
Friendly waitress, food smelled good but we didn't eat, and good ambience for a casual drink, date, or, as i noticed by the table of loud wine-d up females, a girls night outOther than the proscuitto, sliced way too thick, food was good.  Steak Frittes was cooked perfectly and the chili/truffle condiment was a good match for about anything.  Wine list would suffice most, very decent selection.  Service was fine and was not hovering, surprised for such close quarters.  The atmosphere was cool and accomodating.  Overall a good experience.Big fan of coming to Vintage Wine Bar for glass of wine and a snack before dinner time. They have an abundant selection of wines and the atmosphere is relaxed and casual. I was able to taste a few different wines before making my choice. I especially enjoy the unusual red wines. Can't go wrong at Vintage.First, huge points for being able to get a reservation via Open Table with only about an hours notice. We were given the option of a table near the open-air doors or inside. Very attentive (and super knowledgeable) staff. Specials are hand written on adorable little chalkboards that they prop up in your table. Wine flights and tours are pretty much impossible to read from their little boards behind the bar, so definitely ask the server about those!
Pretty decent charcuterie board, but the bread was cut too thin for my taste.
Had a duck special that was amazing -- my friend got the steak and there wasn't a bit left on the plate by the end. Overall great experience and the perfect place for a casual night out if there's only 2-3 people.We found this wine bar on yelp - thought it would be a good idea for a glass of wine before dinner but ended up staying to eat. The food was excellent and the service was super friendly and quick. I had a salad nicoise that tasted super fresh and tasty and my hubbie had steelhead trout that he really liked. The wine list is great too.This is my new favorite wine bar in the city!  I came here for happy hour with some friends after work. (We went to Tria first, but the hostess there said they don't have happy hour on Fridays. Bummer.)  During happy hour, Vintage has several different wine options for $4 a glass (e.g. we tried three different white wines), compared to the $10 or more dollars a glass we would have been forking out at Tria. The tapas at Vintage were very tasty, and the wine options were impressive for happy hour. I ordered the fries and loved the herb flavor and fancy aioli dips they came with for only $3, and I was also impressed that they had Sangria and beer on their happy hour list, so everyone in the group can be happy.  
The only complaint I have is that we were told that we had to sit at the bar--despite the fact there were several open tables near the bar--because we "weren't there for dinner" and appetizers during happy hour didn't count.  That mildly annoyed me. (Since it was only 5pm, there was room at the tables, so this policy seemed a bit hardcore and unnecessary.)  Even so, the bar was a nice experience and the happy hour deals are good...
Nice ambiance, convenient location, reasonable prices for happy hour, and good selection: I'll definitely be back again!I had the salmon dish and it was the best salmon that I've ever had in my life. It was so good that I wished everyone that I love in life could try it. The staff is also friendly and knowledgeable. Highly recommend.Pretty good wine selection, and they give a great pour for the price. I remember our waiter being of no help when we asked about a few of the wines. Someone needs to brush up on their vino.
With the exception of a sad excuse for a black bean veggie burger at a street fair, I haven't really tried their food. I'm thinking that I'll keep this place as a low-key night out for a drink or two. 
I haven't been for happy hour, but I hear it's pretty good.You know they had a good time designing this place. I'm sure the owners said "let's figure out how to use anything and everything related to wine to make this place cool". Well they did, and they succeeded.
From a chandelier made from green wine bottles to wall of wine crates (with logos), it's definitely not a sushi bar... it's a wine bar. If they could have made the bathroom doors out of corks, I'm sure they would have. Keep in mind this venue is set up stylistically in my opinion to be suited to couples or trios. I wouldn't come here with 10 people, it's just not conducive to that set up. And why would you? Wine is best consumed in twos!Setting (+): The restaurant itself is super cute and super hipster. I really like the relaxed ambiance, but wish there was more lighting. It was kind of too dark to see my food or take quality food pictures. 
Service (+): Our waitress was really quirky and fun. The food came quickly and there were plenty of water refills. 
Food (+/-): I started off with the house made country pate platter, which came with this super potent mustard spread and mini pickles on the side. The pate was a bit too dry for my taste. Next up was the pan seared scallops with butternut squash puree and spaghetti squash. This was my absolutely favorite of all the food I tasted in the evening. The scallops were perfectly cooked with a slight charred taste. The spaghetti squash was so flavorful and complimented the scallops well. After that heavenly delight, the braised veal short rib with mashed potato failed to live up to expectations. The meat was too tough and bland. The mashed potato (aka potato puree) though was super buttery and satisfying. It was like eating a stick of butter. To end the night, I cleansed my palate with the mini crème brulee trio, which came in little "shots" of three flavors: vanilla, chocolate expresso and blood orange. The crème brulee was really rich, but on point. Chocolate espresso was my favorite. 
Price/value (-): The food was good, but I didn't feel like it was worth it for the price. I guess this place could qualify as fine dinning since the portions are teeny. After spending $40+ per person, I did not expect to leave still half full. 
Bottom line: Overall, I love this place and would definitely come back for drinks and light appetizers. If you're a modest eater, then this is your place. But if you're a food monster like me, then make sure you don't come starving.Came here for the first time to see an art show of my friend on Monday night.
The paintings were totally worth to visit even if you don't know the artist.
The interior decoration wasn't quite my favorite because it not really makes you feel vintage. 
Maybe I should have tried their Escargot!I've wanted to visit Vintage for quite some time now, and after realizing they were participating in Sips I decided it was the perfect (read: cheapest) way to try it out.
The place was pretty packed (not surprising - it was a beautiful day and I'm sure every single Sips location was equally crowded), but I didn't have any issue ordering drinks (had 2 glasses of the red wine, which at $3 each were a steal, and 1 glass of tasty sangria for $4. gotta love Sips prices!). I wish I had ordered some food to try, but to be honest I really was only focused on the dranks.
The staff was very friendly and super accommodating, and the space is great, with a good amount of outdoor seating and an open-air feel. 
Definitely a good Sips (or any night, if you're not as cheap as I am) option, and while I can't speak for the taste of the food everything I saw definitely looked yummy!Happy Hour Review: Awesome Happy Hour specials  ($5 bubbly or sangria, $4 glasses of wine and $3 beers) Our server was awesome. The dipping sauces for the fries are amazing.Great cozy place!  The interior and atmosphere is really nice too.  The music wasn't too loud and the lighting wasn't too dark or bright.  I got there right after dinner and the place was pretty empty, only three of the bar stools were taken at the time.
The service was attentive and friendly.  I'm a light drinker and only had a glass of red, but my water was refilled regularly, which was really nice.  The wine was suggested by the bartender (Vesna? I think) and was a good choice.  Both the bartenders were knowledgeable about the wines and friendly and helpful.  We ordered the calamari, which was great!  It was very tender and well-breaded.  Probably the third-best calamari I've ever had.  The marinara sauce with it was just ok though.
This is definitely a place I would go back to if I lived in Philly.A couple girlfriends and I arrived around 5:30 for Center City Sips (great timing!) and noticed most of the outside tables were taken, the bar was pretty full but the bar height tables along the wall were completely empty.  The interior space was pretty loud.  
A waiter greeted us at the host stand & told us that the bar tables were open for CC Sips and we could take over as many as we'd like (we were a group of 3 waiting for 1 more), but the other tables were reserved for dining customers.  That was perfect!  Another waiter helped us push the tables together so that we wouldn't be in the way of the bar.  He was also very helpful. 
Then we got settled in.  We had some menus, chatted and 10-15 minutes later started glancing longingly at the bar.  We were mistakenly under the impression that we'd order drinks from the table, at least that's how it was the last time I drank here.  After watching us sit there for some time the same waiter who greeted us in the beginning told us we had to order from the bar.  I innocently said, "Thanks, I'm glad someone let us know."  I wasn't being snarky, or sarcastic, I was genuinely happy he said something to us.  He laughed and nastily replied, "I already told you that at the door."  Maybe he did, but I certainly didn't hear him and a minor miscommunication shouldn't have warranted such an attitude from the staff.
At the bar I ordered a house white wine (I saw a blackboard that read house red + white wine $3 for Sips).  Our conversation went something like this:
Bartender: "What do you want?"
Me: "House white, please."
Bartender: "What kind, we have three."
Me: "Oh, what..." (cutoff)
Bartender: "They're listed in the menu that you have on your table, page blah blah blah."
How hard is it for a bartender to list three wines off the top of his head?!  Instead I had to go back to my table, get the menu & find the page before ordering my wine.
Besides those minor hiccups, our night was really fun, thank goodness for great company!  The bar area got PACKED by 6:15 and we were very glad to have seats & a table.  Our wines (Pinot Grigio & Cabernet) were delicious.  We skipped ordering the flatbreads after seeing several come out of the kitchen because they were so tiny.  
I've worked many years in several different restaurants as a server and understand customers can be annoying, but the attitude I encountered here was enough to make me not want to come back.Alright. I've been here twice. Overall, the place is a very cute spot - lots of wine to choose from and pretty fairly priced house wines; very cute ambiance; unique menu. This most recent time I went with two others people and we were a little aggressively carded. We presented IDs and ordered wine and desserts. Desserts ordered were a lemon bread pudding and a trio of mini creme brûlée. The lemon bread pudding was fine, not great but tasty. The mini creme brûlée was...lackluster. The three flavors were not very distinguishable from each other, and there  was about three spoonfuls of creme brûlée total for $8. When I brought my concern to staff, I was told (by a poor server forced to do the dirty work) that they "were mini after all." When I explained that of course I didn't expect three full size creme brûlée but I did expect more than three bites, I was given a cost/benefit analysis of the desert and it was explained to me that "actually, the labor that went into those was about even to the regular creme brûlée. Although it is a little high." So, after being told why I was wrong for not enjoying that desert, and also the acknowledgement that it was priced too high, I was given the check, not acknowledged, and sent on my way. I probably won't be returning - catch me with a large creme brûlée and a bottle of Barefoot Moscato in my house.Awesome as always! Friendly staff, tasty eats and lots of great wine to choose from! Great location too. This place keeps us coming back!At a loss as to why I've never reviewed Vintage . . . When I first moved to Philadelphia, I discovered this cozy wine bar and was quickly hooked.  Its wine selection is superb; its food, while, I find only fulfilling during cocktail hour is great; and the happy hour (despite its early end) is unbeatable.  I always suggest this as a place to meet a group or just one other.  I also feel totally comfortable here alone with a glass of wine and a book.  A definite to add to your list.We just stopped in for a glass of wine late in the evening. We were able to sit outside and while it was initially fairly chilly, they eventually fired up the heat lamp and that made things a lot better. The outdoor seating is a definite plus as is their ability to open up the front windows for open-air seating inside. I wasn't as excited about the wine selection as I had hoped I would be. The server was able to make suggestions that I enjoyed but given that it was a wine bar I would have liked some additional descriptions of the wines available in the menu. I didn't have a chance to check out their food selection as we had already eaten.
All in all, it was a nice enough place but I didn't have that "wow" experience that would entice me to come back.I came here with my friend Adrian last night. I usually don't drink, but to celebrate his base transfer. We stopped by this place for some libation. We didn't come here during happy hour, so his bill was pretty high. However, The service was good, the apple bruschetta was tasty, and the wine was delish. Congratulations Adrian! We'll miss you in Phoenix.I have walked by this place many times, usually after leaving Charlie was a Sinner (*****), and it is always packed so I've made a note to check it out.  Last night I thought it'd be a nice double date spot. We were able to walk right in and get a table, which is nice on a Friday night. 
We ordered cocktails first. We got the "white and wild" and the Manhattan and all parties enjoyed their drinks. We then ordered the fig and Gorgonzola bruschetta and the French onion soup for appetizers. As most reviewers have written the bruschetta was amazing (!!) however the soup was a let down. 
For dinner we ordered (overpriced) wine, three of us got the flank steak and I got the veggie burger. My friends enjoyed the flank steak but I was not happy with the veggie burger. I am a vegetarian and like my veggie burger to provide me with protein, like a real burger would. However, this burger was potato based and was more like hash browns on a bun. Carbs on carbs. 
So, though the atmosphere was nice and it wasn't too loud that you couldn't hold a conversation, which I appreciate, and the bruschetta was delicious, at $50 a person for a small dinner, I probably wouldn't go back.Vintage is always there when you need it.  Sometimes the bars in Center City tend to suck, and then you remember that you can easily walk down to the strip of great restaurants and bars in the gayborhood to have a drink and late night snack.  I really like that you can usually get a seat at the bar, and even better yet, you can sometimes get a table without being forced into ordering some food.  Even though once you look at the menu, you're probably going to order something.  Their winter sangria is delicious and refreshing and it comes in a generous size.  The cheese plate never disappoints.  They give decently sized chunks of cheese and ample toppings.  Like most other cheese plates, you will have to ask for more bread halfway through eating.  I also enjoy their other food too, even dessert.  The extensive wine list and the option of wine flights is also always great.  The decor and ambience are welcoming and cozy. This is a great option for a date or drinks with friends or family.Why Philly doesn't have more places like this is beyond me.  
I LOVE Vintage, maybe even more than I love wine.  The dim lighting, knowledgeable bartenders and deep wood accents make me feel like I stepped into the 1920's.  
Vintage is great for happy hour, late-night drinks, date nights, tapas, dinner...seriously, just go here already.  And get the cheese plate.  Amazing.Happy hour is a pretty good deal.  Glasses of house wines are 3 bucks.  I am not a wine expert but I do love it all the same, and their house pinot noir is warm and peppery and delicious.  We ordered the catfish center city sips special snacky thing and it was a mother@#($*)#($ joke.  Yes it was only 5 dollars but one piece of fish and a bunch of stringy soggy fries just does not cut it for me. I think they should just stick to the wine, because I was eyeing that cheese platter, and I think we would have been MORE agitated by the quantity of food on that plate than our catfish situation. 
This place gets busy after 5 WAY fast so skip out on work early if you want a table, I guess.What I like about Vintage is that even though it's focus is definitely on wine (and they have a pretty extensive wine list that isn't too price gauge-y) they do not neglect the beers.  They have my favorite, a 750 of La Chouffe, if you're in the mood for the grain rather than the grape.  But that's kind of silly with a wine list like this, in which you can do a flight of wine with small tastes, do it by the glass or get a bottle.
The food is both reasonably priced and really good.  I had some of the calamari which was absolutely excellent, and a bit of their signature burger--black angus, very juicy on a brioche bun.  If you want a more substantial meal, they also have entrees and daily specials designed by their chef.
The downside is that the place isn't that big.  It's definitely better for a romantic one-on-one than a sit down with the girls.Stopped in yesterday during Sips because Sampan was a mob scene. My friend and I sat at the last high top table. There was no waiter service there, so we did all of our ordering through the bar. We each had a glass of the house pinot grigio. I didn't catch who made it, but it was refreshing for a humid Philly night. We were both a little hungry and decided to split the tartiflette fritters. Fritters came out relatively quickly and we're super hot. Unfortunately only 3 come to an order...we really can't complain, it was a cheap happy hour special, but an even number would've been easier. My friend also ordered a glass of their red sangria which was very good. The ambiance is very nice, it seems like it would be a good spot for a casual date. I would come back for dinner or drinks.Good wine bar with a nice brick interior. $4 happy hour wines and a great selection of wines by the glass moderately priced between $8-$12. Sat at the bar, had great friendly service. To eat I split the gnocchi with butternut squash with my wife, we both thought is was a bit bland. Overall though good experience and we plan to go back again.Loud and oppressively hot. I was planning on having dinner and left after the pate (which was meh) and a glass of wine to find other sustenance. Staff seemed very nice, and the location was great, but nothing was comfortable about my time there.I'm going to have to agree on the quality of this place.  An excellent wine bar for the area with an inviting interior.  Everyone is friendly and the place has the atmosphere a wine bar should have (not uptight).  
Great variety of wine choices, and the presentation of tapas was well done.  The cheese plates are great.
Although my love will always be for wine bars on the west coast, Vintage does a great job in Philadelphia.Vintage is a cute and intimate spot for drinks or dinner. The staff was friendly but not overly attentive while I was there.  The food took a little long to come out but overall things were pretty good.Awesome ambience, AMAZING French onion soup, nice wine selection includes a section for rare and exciting wines. Happy! Hope to come back soon.Not bad mind you but my draft beer was less than cold and off in taste and better octopus is to be had across the street.I honestly cannot figure out why this place was so empty on my last visit, 8pm on a weeknight. It is the perfect place for 8pm on a weeknight! It is gorgeous, cozy, relaxing. It's an easy place to have a long conversation with friends over fabulous wines. Their food is good, too - though, everything seems a bit over salted. Mostly what I like about Vintage is that it's such an easy going place to be. It's warm and friendly, unpretentious yet sophisticated.fantastic burger and mussels.  solid beer selection and great atmosphere.  friendly service, relaxed but attentive- i will def be back for more.Came here for sips on a Wednesday and got the beef croquettes with bernaise. Amazing!! Crisp on the outside, savory inside, sauce tasted like eggs with mayonnaise. Good portion of 6 for only $3. We sat outside and moved inside, which the staff was perfectly ok with. Great service, ambience, and unbeatable happy hour food/drink!We went here after dinner at another restaurant near by (this block has tons of hot restaurants).  Perfect place for a few cocktails with friends.  Music is at a point where you can hear and talk... which can be hard to find in the city at times. 
Our server was super knowlegable and friendly.  We didn't try the food but the menu looked pretty good. When I make it back for food I'll update my review.
This isn't just a wine place - beers too. So if there are any gentlemen who haven't acquired a taste for vino you, you can still bring them.  Beer list has some great nice micro brews on there as well.Ok, we've been a few times. It's been ok. We stopped by the other day cos' we were at the soap store on the corner and it's been snowing so freaking long! So I look at the list and see a glass of Gruner Vetliner for $9, not bad but since my husband likes white wine also, would a bottle make sense? That's a little more than two glasses each. But the bottle costs $51. I'm not a wine genius but, there's at least five or a little more glasses of wine in a bottle, hence the two 2.something glasses we could have shared. But I'm thinking the wine should have been $41 or so since five glasses is $45. Just a thing I look at in all restaurants and it reminded me of people who set up a table during Made In America. Their lemonade was $3 a glass or 3 for $10. Was that Vintages table? LolI always forget about this tiny place amongst the droves of restaurants on this street, but no more! I've been here several times over the years and had a good time but last weekend has brought Vintage to the very top of my list!  We can here Saturday with our newborn son. We were nervous to navigate a weekend night out with a baby! You have a baby! At a bar! Comes to mind! 
Vintage was packed, but the hostess graciously found us a seat outside to accommodate our stroller! She reassured us that the owners have kids, so they are very open to having families, in the establishment which was a huge bonus for us trying to navigate nights out with a newborn!
The wine selection is vast and the food all looked wonderful. I ordered the duck breast and my husband had the steak frites! Both plates were cooked wonderfully,  my duck arrived a beautifully presented and the flavors did not disappoint either! The meat was warm and delicious. You could taste the delicious juices oozing from the skin in every bite! I'm salivating just thinking about it! My husband commented that the steak frites were better than the ones we had when we were in Paris! The steak was a tender medium rare and the herb butter was to die for! It really brought out the flavor of the cut, of course the frites were extra crispy and who doesn't love fries! Just divine I couldn't keep my grubby little paws off of his plate!
I have since been back with a friend and I once again ordered the duck and she ordered the steak frites, due to me raving about it and I must say, the food is consistently outstanding! I would highly recommend Vintage if not for the food/wine and ambience- the people watching is pretty stellar too!Enjoyed a lazy New Year's Day afternoon sipping bubbly and eating Creme Brulee at Vintage!    We tripped upon this spot after having lunch at another restaurant on 13th.  
Sat by the window for hours, talking, drinking and (people) watching the New Years Day shenanigans...   The wait staff was awesome!  Even though we didn't order much (Creme Brulee, fries and many glasses of bubbly), everything was great. I had no complaints!  Will definitely come here again for drinks and dinner...This was a nice first stop in our wine tasting experience. 
 SANGIOVESE - DUCAROSSO CHIANTI RISERVA '08, was our chose of the night.
Very Nice, smooth.
It was an interesting start to my wine tasting night.Great French onion soup and a well-curated wine list. The menu selection isn't tremendous but everything is well-prepared and there's something for everyone. We had amazing service--just the right level of touch.I'm giving this a solid rating on food I didn't even really care for...not a sweets person, but the person I went with was and reeeeeeally wanted the fig/Gorgonzola shebang (Side note: when are we going to be done with this snack?? And for that matter, bacon wrapped figs/dates with Gorgonzola?? Enough already.) They also wanted the brie en croûte which was more my style because it was cheese, but godDAMN it was sweet.  
But, to be fair, although not my first picks, quite tasty. The next time I go, I have to test drive the escargot and cheese plate...that will be the deciding factor.  It is lovely inside...the windows open up...outside of happy hour, the wine can get quite expensive.I like Vintage because they serve alcohol - none of this do-it-yourself byob stuff which makes no sense when by yourself for the night - and you can comfortably find a place at the bar at 7pm on a Saturday, a near impossibility anywhere else cool in this neighborhood.  The specials are always interesting and very good.  It's a semi-pricey full-of-itself wine bar but once a while that's exactly what a girl wants.First time here - and I love the decor. I was impressed with the selection of wines offered. We did two flights of rose - one sparkling and one still. Each flight is around $20, but the pours are generous for a flight making it a good value. This is a place that, line Tria, caters to the wine Aficionado. Was here just pre-happy hour and the place was 90% young professional women. Enjoyable and knowledgeable bartender. This one goes on the list for a repeat performanceLet me preface this by saying I only went the once, I only drank one thing, and I was NYE.
Ambiance: super cute. Very wine bar appropriate. Date-worthy, but not mandatory.
Service: excellent. At least our bartender was.
Prices: well, we were drinking $5 glasses of champagne on NYE so A+ as far as I'm concerned.  From looking at the menu, theres a wide variety of wines including some very affordable by-the-glass choices throughout.  Wine bars can get pretty pricey so I was happy to see options for those who can be all fancy.  To the fancy: there is plenty to spend $$ on as well.
We didn't eat anything but the menu looked great and left us eager to return... and we will!After reading all of the great reviews on here I was very excited to give VIntage Wine Bar a try and I was not disappointed. They have such a large variety of wines that it's hard to choose! Our waiter did a great job of making himself available and was there to answer any of our questions.Their food selection is a bit small but I ordered the burger and my friend ordered their hen, which was on their special list. Both items were great but the burger was tiny! The bun to meat ratio made no sense! We also ordered the Creme Brulee and the Pecan Cake and both items were delicious. At first I thought the prices were a bit high but looking back they are not out of the norm and glass averages about $10. I saw that they have a very reasonable happy hour so I'll have to give it a try!Maybe I shouldn't have expected to get really delicious food at a restaurant that specialized in wine. But that can't be the case, because I have never once been disappointed with the food at Tria. 
My boyfriend and I both had a random craving for french onion soup. Since we didn't feel like grocery shopping or stinking up my apartment again, we decided to head over to Vintage, seeing as it was on the menu, and the place had always caught my eye. It's cute and cozy inside, and I was prepared to have a nice meal.
This was not the case. The soup was, well, disgusting. The worst french onion soup I've ever had, actually. The broth coated my mouth in the worst way possible, it actually just tasted like heated peanut oil. The cheese was entirely too stringy, and although it said it was made with Gruyere, I would like to challenge them on that. I couldn't even get myself to swallow 3 spoonfuls.
We also ordered the cheese-plate, which we should have canceled after that horrible excuse for soup.  For the price, ($16) I thought it would be magnificent. The cheese was okay, but in such small amounts that I wouldn't even call it an appetizer. 
At the end, we had a $42 bill, and the only things that was satisfying were the beers we drank, and we left with our stomachs still rumbling.
The only good thing about this restaurant was the service. Our waiter was nice and polite, so I don't want to give him a bad review, because he had nothing to do with the disgusting food.
From now on, I'm sticking with Tria.I felt like a bonafide grownup when I hung out at Vintage the other night...maybe it was the fact that I was drinking some smooth wine while listening to some sensual music under fantastic mood lighting, but why analyze? I had a great time and the bartenders were attentive and helpful. My husband had one of the specials and I had my beloved Riesling, a perfect apres-Lolita treat. 
When it's time for your to graduate from beer (or just mix it up a bit), be sure to check out the adult grape juice here.Just ok. Server was pretty lousy.  Made sure to spend too much time talking to persons on the street instead of customers.  Waited until our glasses were completely empty to be reordered   Other servers had to fill in upon his absence. Just a bad waiter but the cheese board was good and the wine alright.   Slim selection of chard wouldn't go backWent tonight 8/3 at 10:15pm and had bartender who was very unfriendly and made me uncomfortable (not sure her name, but she had blue in her hair). She was very rude and almost made me want to leave. Would not recommend this place based on service. I was here once before and did not have a problem.This place is super cozy, and dim lit. I came here with some friends and my mum one evening recently. We actually tried to go to Tria but the waiting time was 45 minutes, so we decided to come here. We were seated right when we got there and got to sit in the far corner. It did feel a bit claustrophobic since you're sitting really close to another table, almost conjoined. 
Anyway, I ordered their Tempranillo red wine which was delicious. The noise level was a bit high, but we were there around 9:30pm and a half hour later, people started to leave so it made it easier to hold a conversation without losing your voice. 
The food was delicious. I ordered the calamari, and my mum ordered their chacuterie plate which consisted of ham, salami, mustard, pickles and crackers. My friends ordered this melted Brie with pear and honey. It was so good. 
All in all, definitely coming back. I liked the atmosphere and the service was quite good.My wife and I stopped in for a drink and a dish...we were enjoyably made welcome in the low-light and warm environs of the bar.  The by-the-glass selection was good and we both were pulling from reds and whites with reckless abandon.
For food, we ordered a fois gras flan served with wine-glazed warmed peaches. This was yummy good, like savory 'chocolate' with our wine.
The service was prompt and professional and all around we had a great time.Pretty good food and wine was good too. Environment was nice with dim lighting and music to play in the background that wasn't too loud. Good place to go with friends or even a date.I love Vintage. Disclaimer: I met my partner here on our first date so we are especially partial to it. He and his friends have dubbed it "the best first date spot in Philly". I agree.
It's a reasonably-priced wine bar with good food in a fabulous location. I often go for a drink before reservations at other restaurants on the block (Barbuzzo, El Vez, Bud & Marilyn's, Little Nonna's, Charlie Was a Sinner, Double Knot, the list is endless).
The servers are knowledgeable about different wines and flights are always a great option. Bar, high-top and table seating are usually all available. Good charcuterie spreads to split for two. The atmosphere is loud enough to get to know someone without awkward silence.
Great rose selection from Provence as well which are my personal favorites.I've stopped in here twice to kill time before dinner at nearby restaurants.  They have an EXCELLENT wine selection and the staff has always been very helpful and knowledgable in helping make a choice.Awesome wine bar! Britian the general manager waited on us and did not steer us wrong with his wine selections! Nice outdoor seating weather permitting with plenty of people-watching!. Definitely will be back!Came here during wine week and ordered the wine flight and cheese special! Had the option to choose between 3 different wine flights: USA, France, and Spain. With each flight came an assortment of three cheeses. I ordered the USA which came with two reds and one white. It was fun to pair the cheeses with the wines but I didn't love the selection of wines that came in the USA flight. I think, next time, I would just go with the bold reds flight since I'm a sucker for red wine.Vintage is my favorite wine bar. It has a really cozy atmosphere with soft lighting and a sophisticated feel to it. They have a great staff who have always recommended a good glass of wine to me (and they don't automatically recommend an expensive one). I really like Vintage because from my experience there they really put a lot of thought into their wine menu. They have glasses ranging from $6~$13 or so and wether you buy a cheaper glass or a more expensive glass, they are all usually very good for the price that you pay. On top of that they have an insanely delicious chocolate tort that pairs really nice with a good red wine (I like to ask for a recommendation when I get the chocolate tort) and they had these butternut squash wontons that I still crave every once in a while (but alas they were a temporary item on the menu). They are more like little empanadas filled with butternut squash and they come with a pear preserves type sauce and an aioli sauce on the side.A  very  nice dinner out, and surprisingly reasonably priced given its location. We shared the seasonal vegetables appetizer ($5), which was a delicious spread of chopped tomatoes and eggplant in olive oil, presented with crisp toasted baguette slices. For entrees, we got the Veggie Burger ($8) and the Moulles Fritte ($16), and a glass of the (delicious) house Merlot ($6). I'll be back.Great place. You must must must get the brie!
Also, house wines are half off during happy hour (4-6), and they're only $5 to begin with. Definitely check this place out!Good food and good wine, however the service is slow. My friends and I received our wine and food too far apart and our waiter did not take the time to check on us periodically. He also forgot an order we placed at one point in the night. Would come back again for the food/drink but not right away.Came here with my girlfriend and we instantly loved the decor anf the ambience. The waiter was very accomodating to our needs and fully explained the menu to us with no rush. We had one flight of wine each which was plenty for the both of us. The lamb shoulder was amazing and i wish it had less fat on the meat but overall really good. The mussels were fantastic and you get a great portion. I ended the dinner with the creme Brule which i highly suggest as it was simply delightful. An overall great experience besides the difficulty at times to flag down my waiter.Vintage is quite the little neighborhood wine bar.  The wine selection was great and the atmosphere equally so.  The staff members are also very friendly and carry on great conversations.  If this place were in Chicago, I'd be a regular.My husband and I stopped in here for an early Happy Hour, and we were pretty much the only people in the place, but I was happy with that.  I loved the interior, I'm quite the sucker for exposed brick, especially since moving to Arizona.  Even though we were there on a chilly, rainy, day Vintage was warm and inviting.
Not being one to turn down $3 glasses of wine, I dove right in.  I enjoyed my glass of the house white wine, and appreciated the fact that the bartender opened a new bottle for me instead of pouring me the end of the existing bottle.  The thing that really drew me to Vintage is the fact that they don't just serve wine.  Sometimes not everyone wants wine, you know?   Looking over the entire wine list I was pleased to find reasonably priced wines that looked as if they were carefully selected.  
If I ever move back to Philly I'm pretty sure Vintage would be in my regular rotation.  In fact, I'm sure of it.I love this place.  The wine list (by the glass) is amazing, and the staff are quite well-versed.  I love the outdoor seating in the warmer months, and there is no lack of diverse people-watching to be enjoyed on any weekend evening.
I have given up on Tria, which is 7 blocks closer to me, but almost always loud and crowded.  
The only thing preventing a 5-star rating is that I haven't eaten here enough.  The small bites I've had were very good (fig bruschetta!) if very small.  
*Update* - now they are even open on Sunday, which is fantastic.  Still, they do not take reservations.Great wine choices and very informed staff. The atmosphere was really chill and romantic. Good place to stop for a late-night drink.Great menu, cool vibe, friendly staff. 
Vintage and Tria are similar. Vintage is a little more mellow than Tria, probably because the place is a bit larger so there's more room to breathe.I've been here a few times and I am never disappointed. The happy hour is awesome and it gets kind of packed but it is still pretty cozy. I've spent a lot of hours sitting outside with a friend and just enjoying the different wines on the menu. I haven't eaten there so I can't say anything about that. I wanna go back.