Came to Volo for the first time ever last weekend in order to take refuge from the house-hunting I had been doing. And i am glad I did! While certainly hipster in appearance and vibe, this place serves delicious coffee right on Main Street  in manayunk. 
The classic cappuccino I ordered and happily consumed was just what I needed to reset myself. The dessert/pastry options looked great so I asked the barista where they got them from. She actually wasn't sure which was sort of a bummer. As a future manayunk resident relocating from Baltimore (also known as smalltimore), I'm used to local small businesses teaming up with other local small businesses to offer complementary products. Since there were two bakeries across the street from Volo, I was hoping to hear they got their goods from one of them. Oh well, still some great coffee to be had there.Cute warm and friendly coffeehouse. Has a small, but decent selection of pastries in addition to some yummy coffee. You can choose to grab a table inside to get work done or outside to watch the passerbys. Staff was  sweet, and I must say it was my first time ever being served cream cheese in a mini domed bell jar. Nice touch!I have to laugh at the reviewer who gave Volo two stars. If you want an internet cafe go lounge for two hours while nursing a crappy burnt-tasting coffee at starbucks. Everyone familiar with Main Street knows how incredibly successful that went over for saxbys...it didn't and they are closed and thats no loss. And as far as the supposed "hard" biscotti, maybe you should look up the definition for that particular food. 
Anyway enough hating on the hater...
If you want amazing coffee and espresso drinks served by a very friendly and knowledgeable  staff this is the place.a lovely manayunk place for a soy latte. They served locally made fresh pastry as well.Great coffee. Lovely atmosphere. Really nice to get a light meal with friends or sit and read your book.I stop here Sunday's when I am in Manayunk. The La Colombe brand coffee is much better then the ubiquitous Starbucks. Volo is pleasant inside, with lots of natural light and a decent amount of seating. The coffee is great, and the servers are always pleasant also. The pastries and such kick the other places butts too and the prices are reasonable. Highly recommended.Amazing coffee and bakery options! Gets so crowded, which is good thing. Food comes out super quick and employees are helpful. The kind of coffee shop that would turn me into a "regular."I have been a regular here for many years, stopping in at least once weekly for a cappuccino and maybe a sandwich or something, which is usually all very good. However, I have some real problems with this place that just seem to be getting worse. First of all, this place needs a good scrub down and update. The floors are dusty and filthy and the tables and chairs look like clawed cats have lived on them for quite some time. Also, while most of the baristas are very friendly like the guy with the long hair and all of the girls, there's one guy with a mustache and a beanie who is consistently rude. The issue is that he is almost always there, so unfortunately I must avoid this coffee shop if I'm not in the mood to have a rude encounter. Also, there is no designated area to put your dirty dishes, so after you're done with your coffee and/or food you're left with the daunting task of deliberating over whether you should leave your dishes on the table, or place them on the same bar that other people are being served their coffee on, which I think is gross. But, the guy with the mustache gives me attitude if I leave my stuff on the table, so unless I want a nasty stink eye and a passive aggressive comment the next time I come in I am obligated to carry my dishes across the shop and place them beside someone's fresh coffee. Kinda makes me feel like a kid who got in trouble on the playground...not what I came for. Also, new employees should be trained before opening or after closing as opposed to serving customers sub-par coffee all day until they've got it right. I personally don't want to pay four dollars for coffee that's just okay. Otherwise, the sandwiches, bagels, salads, and yogurt were consistently quite good, but they often ran out of pastries or only had little brioches left or something a little old and stale that just wouldn't hit the spot. Ultimately, I don't think I'll be back. Good coffee and food doesn't cut it for me when the rest of my experience is too often simply not enjoyable.Excellent cold brew!  got mine with caramel and hazelnut. Absolutely delicious. The brew wasn't bitter at all. Simply amazing.The absolute nicest staff (even when they are busy with an endless stream of people coming through the door). I always stop by when I'm in the area and I've only had good experiences here.Cute coffee shop, I had the chai latte. It was well made and I would definitely return for another. They have a food menu here as well if you're looking for a snack with your coffee. It's decent size shop, and was fairly empty when I came by around 3pm on a weekday. You can park on the street or there's a lot down the street with $10 parking, which I would recommend if you plan on staying a while since Philly PPA is ruthless.I would say the lattes are great, but a bit pricey. I love the atmosphere and the interior of the place. Great brunch site with friends.A neat, little coffee shop. Careful during busy times because the searing is limited. I had a cold brew with a shot of hazelnut flavoring. Splashed with a little cream and liquid sweetener. It's kind of cool, since with to-go orders they put your drink on the counter, then on a small plate next to it, the lid and a spoon, so you can prep your drink.Fantastic Coffee (they add a shot of espresso to their iced coffee) + Free WiFi + Awesome Atmosphere = Best Coffee Shop in ManayunkThis coffee is so good and here's why: I got a large to-go cup for my walk along the Manayunk canal tow path. I accidentally dropped it and it rolled into some poison ivy. I retrieved it and risked the terrible impending rash in order to drink the two sips that remained in the cup. 
The pastries are delicious too.We were staying in Manayunk for a few days visiting family and friends, and found the downtown area the first morning after our arrival and LOVED everything about it. Especially the small town charm. 
We each got a cappuccino, I got an almond croissant, and my bf got the bagel w/ cream cheese. Cappuccino was very good, and the sweetness of the almond croissant balanced it very well. Ambiance was very chill and laid back. Would definitely come back here if we were in town again!Lovely spot to come enjoy a cup of delicious coffee! I have been here multiple times and the staff is always welcoming. The place is cute with indoor and outdoor tables. This is the perfect getaway for you to go study, read a book, enjoy the view or envy people walking their very adorable dogs and hope they let you pet them (that would be me). The coffee is really good. Also the food! They have good croissants if you come early enough during the day and the paninis are yummy and come with a bed of greens. It's the perfect hangout spot in Manayunk. The large windows allow for plenty of sunshine and natural light to come in. If anything I wish the place were bigger because sometimes it is hard to get a table but other than that, love that little cafe!I was looking for a place to meet a friend in Manayunk and turned to the Yelp app to help pick a coffee shop. I usually don't get coffee in Manayunk so wasn't really familiar with the offerings other than Starbucks. Knowing that I didn't want a big lunch, I still wanted to pick a spot with a decent menu in case my friend wanted to eat lunch. 
We both ended up sticking with coffee but I learned that Volo is a great coffee shop if you are looking for a place to hang out without a huge meal or adult beverages. 
I ordered a small ice coffee with a splash of French vanilla. The coffee was pretty good although I thought it was a little overpriced when compared to a Starbucks or DD. The time I got to spend catching up with my friend at one of their tables was priceless.I'll be honest, I went into Volo without expecting much.  Mugshots was my coffeehouse-smoothie place and since it closed I thought my only hope was the main street Starbucks!  Still, I needed a meeting location for a meet and greet. Since Starbucks was just too cliche, I took a chance with Volo.
Since they serve la colombe coffee, I am sure there coffee is more than acceptable.  However, it was a warm day and we decided to begin with a walk around main street, so we were looking for something more refreshing.  Again, I took a chance and decided on their ice tea.  I was pleasantly surprised.Sad that La Colombe is no longer? Don't be!
Volo is owned and run by the same friendly crew & still brews with LaC beans. Take your latte with soy milk? No problem, and no extra charge.  Stay & enjoy your capp served in a pretty cup & saucer (add a buttery almond croissant - they're worth every calorie).  
Tea drinkers rejoice, Volo stocks a wide variety of loose teas from Premium Steap & in the summer keeps at least one fresh pitcher of naturally flavored iced tea. 
This bright light filled space has an ever-changing collection of local artwork on display. There's also plenty of outdoor seating suitable for bringing Fido along.
Cash & charge, not an ideal space to squat for hours with a laptop (check out Saxby's across the street for free wifi).I love Volo, I just found it a few months ago.  This place is friendly, the coffee spot on, and their pastries very good. Its a great place to linger and catch up with a friend and make sure you get a seat facing the door so you can see all the interesting people come through.Sweet little place in a cute area. Great service and my iced mocha was delicious. High quality coffee.Had to meet someone here for a work meeting and was excited to try a new coffeehouse. Found street parking in front (it was a Tuesday morning) and was charmed by the high ceilings and light interior. Loved the decor. Ordered a large soy vanilla latte with an extra espresso shot (total of 4 shots), and a toasted multigrain bagel with butter. The latte was ok. Nothing special but perfectly fine. I love strong lattes, and It didn't taste like it had four shots of espresso, but it was ok. 
The bagel however, was just plain bad. Awful. Had zero flavor. The butter added some much-needed saltiness but it was possibly the most bland multigrain bagel I've had in a very long time. I wasn't going to complain to the staff about a measly bagel but I won't ever be ordering it again. Hard to know if their other food is prepared as blandly. Hopefully it's just the brand of bagel they use. Probably should have ordered a pastry instead. 
I rarely go to Manyunk so I'm not sure if and when I'd return here. It's always a great addition to a neighborhood to have a coffeehouse, so I'm glad it's there. But I wouldn't go here expecting a unique or masterful coffee or food experience.This is my favorite coffee shop in Manayunk.
I always get the almond croissant (if they don't sell out - these are pretty popular) and change up on the drinks...
Cortados, lattes, iced teas and hot chocolate are amongst my favorites. Trendy place to bring friends who visit or a must stop for those who are visiting the area.
Service has always been amazing and you're always greeted like a regular. Ciao!One of my favorite coffee houses in the Philadelphia area.  From the latte art, to the artisan pastries from Au Fournil, to the bagels, salads, and juices, everything is delicious and comes with great, friendly service. 
The only downside is that it can be hard to find a seat sometimes, and parking can be tricky, but I think that is true of any place in Manayunk. That being said, I liked the place so much, that I found a way to go there several days a week on the way to work when I lived in the neighborhood.  
Don't dare go to Starbucks when this gem is down the street!Nothing compares to Volo! I've been coming here for years and years and the service and quality products have only gotten better.  My day isn't the same if I dont stop by for a cup of La Colombe Coffee from Volo!The coffee was good and the pastries too but maaaan the place was very noisy !! the person who organize the cups and plates smacks them together over and over making horrible noises. Almost got a headache and couldn't wait to leave (I was having a meeting for work so I couldn't just get up and leave!) I had to set for 2 hours!! It was uncomfortable experience.My favorite, little foggy cafe!  The people who work here are friendly and there is also a friendly vibe among the customers. When it gets crowded, strangers share tables and it's no big deal. Laptop-friendly, but also conversation-friendly. Free wifi. Lots of regulars and familiar faces here, people getting together to talk about things going on the neighborhood. Bikers come often, as they can park their bikes unlocked, and keep an eye on them from the large windows. It's also along the bike route along the Schyulkill River. My favorite is the unsweetened hot chocolate. Their sandwiches and salads are also delicious. The best place in Manayunk!My "go to" coffee shop in Manayunk serving Philly's own La Colombe coffee. Baristas and staff are always friendly. Excellent pastries and lite eats.Absolutely the best coffee in the area. 
The staff is always friendly, attentive, quick but not rushed. 
The panini is fresh, delicious and comes with a simple side salad. A turkey panini and cappucino is an all time favorite lunch of mine.Perhaps I'm crazy, but whenever I review a coffee shop I have only one simple criteria when it comes to product, one simple test I run: give me a cup of black coffee. When all you have is a simple cup, without milk, sugar, foams and flavor extracts there is no room to hide anything. All that will matter is where the beans are from, what the roaster did to them, and whether the water was high quality and at the proper temperature. Nothing else. I cannot tell you how many times I've gone into a trendy coffee shop and walked away disappointed because the product is lackluster.
Volo surpasses that test, and does it in spades. Their house blend is a bit lighter than I usually like ( I typically am a fan of dark, DARK roasts) but they managed to get a very nice amount of flavor, with low astringency and I'm convinced that I need to try their espresso. (which is my secondary test) While they are not particularly my wheelhouse, the last time I visited my companion had a green tea latte which was artfully prepared, and considered tasty.
The décor it great as well, as the large windows in the front give the location plenty of light and the high ceilings prevent you from feeling claustrophobic. The art scattered around gave plenty to provide some excitement to the walls and the staff was relatively friendly. Overall, I say they're worth a trip.5 I 5 the first time I was if I ws just the same thing, and then you havet a  lotc 7xuj7j4 TX ax more  twonderingo to have the best . I'll try again tomorrow morning and then yuwonderingAbsolutely adore this place! Always good coffee, as well as the few pastries I've tried so far! Never a long wait even if the line seems super long- they're just that good! Love the atmosphere and amount of seating as well! Happy to have your coffee over Starbucks any day!Delicious coffee, some of the bestowed cups I've had! I always get a hot coffee with hazelnut, it for sure makes all the difference. They brew La Colombe and they do a fantastic job of it. A+A coffee shop is nothing without excellent product, genuine people and palatable passion.
Volo has hit the trifecta effortlessly.
For well north of a decade, I have counted Volo among my favorite coffee shops in the world. It has been part of my daily ritual when I am in town and something I pine away for when I am not.
It is the standard by which I measure every other coffee shop I visit internationally.
I think the greatest compliment I can pay Volo is that when I do a road trip out of Philadelphia, which I do often, I set my departure time based not on when I wake, which is often before 5 AM, but rather on Volo's opening.
The road is that much more satisfying with Volo's coffee in hand.I love Volo! I started drinking coffee when I lived over in Italy and I've found most other coffee house drinks to be too sweet. Volo is a true coffee bar where you can either sit at a table by the window and sip on lattes all day or just take a quick shot of espresso at the bar on your way to work. I love starting my mornings with a latte and chocolate croissant; however now for summer time I am addicted to their freshly squeezed orange juice!! And the staff is awesome too. They work great as a team especially during those early morning rushes! Keep it up guys! We love you!I've been going here for years, back when it was a La Columbe til today, and they never disappoint. The coffee is good, made fresh and properly, and the staff is usually friendly and capable. The atmosphere is nice too. You'll see young and old, singles, families, and everything in between. Free wifi too!Best. Soy. Latte. I've. Ever. Had.
'nough said.This is for sure one of my favorite coffee shops in the city. Volo serves up consistent quality, and great bites too. My favorite is probably the apricot or apple tarts. My go-to drink here is cafe au lait, which I sometimes get with hazelnut syrup if I want a little bit of an extra punch. The folks who work here are very nice, helpful, and know how to make a mean cup of coffee. I keep forgetting to ask them what kind of veggie cream cheese they use because it is delicious. If you have some time, get your coffee and pastry "for here" and enjoy the hustle and bustle of the shop, or when it is nice out, enjoy people watching on Main Street. Volo's got a slightly European vibe and a rustic ambiance that is hard to find in the city, considering the vast number of new school coffee houses popping up. If you are in the neighbourhood this is definitely worth a stop!I went to Volo Coffeehouse for the first time yesterday, after doing a search for places with good coffee where you can get work done. Volo popped right up. Free wi-fi (worked perfectly for 4 hours), the coffee is AMAZING (drank 2 lattes while there), had a prosciutto sandwich that took me right back to when I was living in Rome, and the staff was quick and friendly.
If you're looking for a regular coffee place in Manayunk, this is it.Best coffee on Main St!  And you can have it on a real cup ! love the service too.  the pastries are amazing, but I don;t work out enough to eat the all the time LOL : )This coffeehouse is a gem! Delicious coffee (I'm quite a fan of the cold brew), wonderful atmosphere, good prices, and the staff are always so friendly. The food is fabulous too! I always make sure I stop by when I'm in Manayunk.Popped in here for a coffee and got the mocha. It was not too sweet and they definitely used real chocolate. I sat by the window and people watched on Main Street. It was the perfect afternoon. I'd love to come back here to try some of their sandwiches.Coffee was alright but was expecting a more personalized experience than you would find at the bigger chains like Starbucks.
I asked for a description of the coffee they had on tap and the barista could not answer that with any description of the coffee.  She at least offered a sample.Beautiful coffee bar. Starbucks is across the street and this place is always bumpin.How do I love thee?  Is it for your freshly made pastries delivered multiple times a day from the bakery across the street?  Your divine lattes with the cute little foam hearts?  Or the pleasant bohemian atmosphere?  But seriously I eat breakfast here almost every Saturday and it is absolutely my favorite way to start the weekend.  My favorites are the cinnamon buns and the cheese danish, but I've never had anything less than divine.Excellent coffee, friendly service, nice atmosphere. What more could you want from a coffee shop?Just moved to the area and needed some strong espresso! We stopped in here midday and it was packed but not overcrowded. We managed to find a small table after ordering Lattes and Paninis for lunch. We opted to take them home but enjoyed our drinks while our sandwiches were being prepared. It was pretty loud inside but a lot of people with headphones were studying/working. 
They do have wifi but we were unable to connect for some reason. 
Cute little place with delicious food and drinks. We'll be back and I'm sure this will be a coveted study spot for me.Volo is a really cute coffee shop. The line is usually long, but it's worth the wait. They serve almond, coconut and soy milk which is a nice alternative to cow's milk for lattes. There is ample seating inside and outside.Really cute place, not very large and not the most expansive menu. We took advantage of the outdoor seating. My friend and I both enjoyed paninis. My sandwich and drink were $11. Can't beat that. I love cozy coffehouses like this. Definitely returning.This is the most lovely charming little coffee house had amazing service. My drink was heavenlyThere's nothing like coming out of a tough workout and bee-lining to Volo for an iced coffee on a Saturday morning. Their coffee is exceptional, their staff are so friendly, and their egg sandwich? YUM!Spacious, friendly baristas, plenty of tables.
Almond milk au lait was delicious.
However, seats next to the window in the middle of winter are very cold. I don't see any outlets around me, so not the most ideal place to study on a cold day (try Starbucks across the street).
Cool decor and vibe - would be a nice place to meet a friend for a conversation.Came here with a friend to do some work and chat the other day and we were really happy with our experience. The coffee was delish (La Colombe always is) and the service was great too. I really like that they only charge 50 cents for coffee refills! The sandwiches looked amazing...can't wait to try them next time I go in!Great Manayunk neighborhood coffee shop. Good ambiance and coffee. What else can I say? Yelp wants a longer review but really, just a nice coffee shop.A favorite Philadelphia coffee shop; I recommend the cortado. Their pastries are also very good. I recommend Volo for both quick coffee to go or a relaxing latte with time to visit friends or read the paper.  
Weekends are busy so just don't expect quiet - it will be bustling.My girlfriend and I frequent this place often, nearly 3 times a week sometimes multiple times a day. The staff is always friendly and very accommodating. They use the highest quality beans (la colombe) and tea leaves (premium steap). Their paninis are also amazing ( as is the egg sandwich). I also enjoy the outside seating. It does get crowded, and parking in Manayunk can be a huge pain, but the quality is well worth the hassle.Super cute cafe! This place is always hustling & bustling, I finally went in a couple weeks ago and can't wait to go back.
It's very nicely set up, the prices are reasonable, and the staff is extremely friendly - I got an ice coffee, and in an effort to switch things up I asked for it with caramel. The barista was so pleasant, and when he gave it to me he even warned that it was going to be really sweet and that he could remake it if I wanted him to! And he was right, it was so sweet, I'd definitely recommend- I just may not get the caramel iced coffee next time.Quaint little coffeehouse in Manayunk. Parking is terrible on Main Street, so if you can find parking on side roads, that's a plus. The selections are the best and they charge for everything. bagel+cream cheese + lox came out to be around $12 and if you want capers or tomatoes, it's extra fee.If you love a nice cup of bold coffee and friendly, personal service this is the place to go on Main Street. It's a gorgeous little shop with a nice big window facing Main.Great place to start the day. 
My favorite local coffee place, would never even consider Starbucks when this is in reach.Ever in Manayunk and want the full experience? Wander here, mid Main Street, and enjoy not only the scenery, but the beautiful building, coffee, food and either indoor or outdoor seating. There's always Starbucks, but Volo is special, and great quality at the same time. Nothing like a Saturday or Sunday morning with hot or cold brew...an incredible pastry...or salad for lunch...and the view of Main Street, colors and light. Must see and visit.I appreciated their use of local la colombe coffee. Parking is an issue and pricey, so unless you live within walking distance or want to spend some time in the area, it's not an in/out spot. The outdoor seating is nice as well. The coffee, atmosphere, vibe are all ok but based on reviews and experiences from other coffeehouses, was expecting more.I enjoy little neighborhood coffee shops, and this place fits the bill just fine. It's a nice stop during a Main Street stroll and a convenient place to meet up with friends (if you can convince them to come all the way up to Manayunk). The coffee is done well and the pastries I've had have been a real pleasure. The only drawback is that since there's nowhere else in the Main Street area filling this niche the limited seating can fill up quickly -- and that it's not quite a walkable distance from my house!Coffee and egg sandwich! Delicious! A little pricey, but worth it. Great for in and out no - chain option. We waited. Little for sandwiches but not bad. Not kid friendly at all!Don't go to Starbucks go here!!!!!! Great prices, really delicious sandwiches and very friendly staff. I have lived in this area for a long time and have seen lots of businesses come and go. They have been here for a little while and hope they never go!!!Cute little coffee joint right off main st. Makes for a perfect addition to your Sunday afternoon. Plenty of shops nearby to stroll around with after getting your coffee. they also serve sandwiches and small breakfast pastries. I think the sandwiches are a little on the pricier side of things but they are very fresh so I'll take it. I got a caprese wth the option of prosciutto which I've never tried before. Personally I would go without the saltiness since it really takes away from what makes a caprese a caprese - it's fresh taste! 
Love their espresso - will definitely be back again!Food was delicious - absolutely no issues with the food. Great sized portions and fresh ingredients. I got the salmon salad - which was so filling and came with 2 slices of thick homemade bread. I was totally full from just that salad, and it was really reasonably priced! Usually when I order anything with smoked salmon, places skimp out on it, but not Volvo- that salad was packed. As in most of my brunch experiences, if the food is great - the coffee usually isn't. Could have been a flop, but the coffee was a little burnt tasting.Went here while on a food tour. The only option was cappucino, which I am not a fan of. I did like the seating outside and the inside seemed nicely set up. Would try something else from there next time.Volo has some of the best coffee and espresso in Philly, hands down. Every time I get a soy latte I wonder how any other soy latte can exist in the world. How do the expresso beans that become a Starbucks latte not commit suicide knowing that they are so drastically inferior to Volo's lattes? It's a wonder other coffee shops stay in business. 
It's not a run-in, run-out kinda joint. It's a European-style sit-and-stay that you realize you've been at for hours. And after that, you order more pastries and coffee. I've never had a sandwich here but the bagels were great. And how cute is it that they serve cream cheese on the side in a tiny glass bowl with a lid? So cute is the answer. I love their style and I will happily patronize them over Starbucks any day.  
Free unlimited WiFi!I LOVE going to Volo. The atmosphere is great, with the music, smells, and friendly employees. I always get a latte and a capresse. I like that they offer healthy food, and great drinks. The only reason I didn't give them 5 stars is that it is a little pricey but that's expected because its Manayunk.Great place. Nice space to hang out and eat or do work, which I take advantage of every time I'm there. I've ordered a bunch of their food (paninis, bagels, etc) and it's ALL good.Almond croissants to blow your mind.
Honestly, I didn't love my mocha.  However, the croissant made up for it so much that it didn't much matter.  Flaky on the outside, somehow moist inside (with no filling), almond slices and powdered sugar on top, this was a glorious piece of pastry.  In other news, the sandwiches also looked good but I wasn't hungry enough to try them.  Lines are pretty silly here.  Also pretty sure this croissant was $4 but still totally worth it.  I think these almond croissants will cancel out all of my future bike rides :( 
Astonishing almond aliments!  Cheers.Nice and quiet.  First thing I notice was on a Monday morning at 10am so many people were walking their dogs and enjoying the day. Coffee shop was small but nice. You can sit in or outside. Parking is along the street and paying the meter is a must. They l [k old but they're watched. Come an enjoy the old time feel.  Will stay longer when back in Philly.Great coffee, pretty quick service. Love just sitting g here and enjoying some berries and yogurt. They definitely offer more by way of food compared to other I dependent coffee shops.  Service can be a bit attitudy- they clearly pick and choose who they like.I only had the iced coffee, but it was absolutely delicious and prepared fast. I also love that Volo is bicycle friendly - you will see lots of local riders here on the weekends after their rides. Top notch!Delicious lattes  beautifully crafted detail. Enjoyed every sip of this beauty. Highly recommend!If you are in the area, this is honestly the only place worth going to grab coffee. I have been here numerous times for different things: meeting an old relative to catch up, hanging out and studying for hours, or stopping in while on a bike ride in the Wissahickon. The lattes are on point (also delicious iced), and they have a good selection of food and pastries if you need a snack. The people are pleasant and the ambiance doesn't get old, even when you're there all day. It's definitely a gem in the hit-or-miss area of Manayunk.Absolutely wonderful coffee shop. I spend hours here getting school work done. It's comfortable, very bright and clean. The coffee is great. My latte was okay, but the food makes up for it. I normally get a grilled cheese, which is made with a sage truffle butter and fontina cheese on sourdough bread. It is unbelievable. Sandwiches come with a good size side salad that is very fresh with a great balsamic vinaigrette. The baked goods are out of this world. They have an almond raspberry pastry, and I've never tasted anything like it. Not sure I can live without it anymore. They're almost croissant is also perfection.My favorite coffee place in Manayunk, hands down. I've been going here for about 4+ years. 
I never have to wait long for coffee, which is a major highlight. They quality is also very high. I don't find this at the chain coffee places. So it amazes me how reasonable the prices are here.Great coffee freshly brewed Colombe voló is a class act of coffeehouses this side of the river in manayunkA step up from ye olde corporate coffee chains, in a gorgeous high-ceilinged room with nice clean furnishings and friendly staff.  Not only are they still serving La Colombe coffee, they've also kept on the previous tenant's habits of serving your drinks with a spoon and saucer for any mixing needs.
Haven't tried out the wifi yet, but it seems a great place to sit with a laptop for studying/work purposes, or people-watch Main Street through the large glass windows.Finally a coffee shop with great coffee, free wifi and unpretentious staff!  I'm always warmly greeted and treated exceptionally well. 
This is the perfect coffee shop to come on a date - huge windows, smells WONDERFUL and there are great treats.
It's a great place to come study or work.  No evil glares when you pull your laptop out!  They don't mind if you just order a small coffee or if you wait a little while before ordering.  It's so chill and relaxed. 
Outside seating in the summer is perfect. The place is always busy, but I always find a table.
The iced coffee is special - I think they put a shot of espresso in it.
There is always an interesting collection of local art on the walls and good music playing. 
It's definitely the best coffee shop in Manayunk - is there even a close second?Amazing coffee here and the staff is very friendly. It doesn't hurt that they serve La Columbe coffee but I'd come here anyway if they didn't. It's that's awesome.Good coffee, and service is pretty fast. We stopped in for a quick coffee one morning and were treated to a nice experience, with fairly reasonable prices. When they serve the coffee, even if it's to go, they also provide a saucer and spoon for mixing in sugar and/or cream if desired (they have the add-ons on the counter too). Kind of reminiscent of Italian cafes in that sense. I'm also a fan of the interesting tables they have outside on the sidewalk too.
One thing that would be nice is if they had the sleeves for their to-go cups. Overall, though, I'll check it out next time we're in the area!The salmon panini was delicious and really filling. The only downside to the place is the menu isn't very big but based on what we are what they do have is very good.The soy latte was incredible and set at a normal temperature (my biggest pet peeve is insanely hot coffee, Milkcrate falls victim to that). The pastry was really flaky and tough.  The former wouldn't be a problem, but I felt like a dog trying to rip off a piece due to the toughness.   
The internet was slow as molasses; I was peeved that I lugged my computer here in 90 degree heat only to have to wait nearly a minute for a page to download.  Overall, given the high quality of the coffee I consider this to be a "chat" and/or "book" café.I live smack in-between Volo and another coffee house which you can find on every corner (think circular green logo and bad coffee). Well, my daily choice for where to go for coffee or a latte or a pastry or a sandwich is quite simple. It doesn't get any better than Volo. They serve La Colombe products and they're always bold, flavorful and aromatic and their espresso drinks are as good as i've ever had (including their iced coffee in which they give an extra shot). The staff is always nice, patient and helpful while their prices stay reasonable. The building itself is quite beautiful with vaulted ceilings, crown moldings and an enormous mirror behind the counter (a really old bar) which is perfect for checking your hair when you walk in half-asleep. Their free wifi is also very fast and reliable. Just go to Volo. It's really that simple.The baristas at Volo pour the best cortado that I've found in Philadelphia, and they pour it the best consistently. You can find La Colombe beans at a lot of coffeehouses, including La Colombe's, but the texture of the cortado here is superb. It's way out of my way, but it's always worth the trip.
If Volo wanted to add a rotating espresso option, that would be awesome, but then Yelp would have to let me give it six stars.This coffee house makes you feel like you're completely being pampered at home! House cups and plates... freshly brewed coffee. Very diverse customer base. And quality food and drinks. I'd come here any day over Starbucks that's across the street!I've only had the almond croissants and coffee. Get them to heat up the croissant a bit, and it's delicious. The cafe is nice and clean and the staff seems friendly enough. I would like to try a different type of coffee but i've only gotten black cause it was cheap but still good.Very good coffee and apple cake. Good crowd. Nice people working. Old style place. If you like good coffee you need to check this place out.This was my first time visiting Volo. I came for breakfast, grabbed an in house coffee and Greek yogurt with granola and berries. The service was quick and the food/drink was SO GOOD. The coffee was fresh, the yogurt was probably the best I've ever had. The outside seating is also very nice, good for people watching!Great coffee great lite lunch. Sit outside in nice weather bring your dog. Wifi available relaxed welcoming environment.I love this place. I stop here regularly for a London Fog (Earl Grey Latte), but I've had a panini here for lunch and it was excellent (smoked salmon with fried egg).  Service is great and it is so pleasant to sit outside and enjoy the Manayunk ambience (that's not sarcastic). 
It's a great stopping point on a bike ride,as is evidenced by the number of bikes and cyclists (not to be confused with bikers - a whole different ambience).The coffee is awesome but more expensive than Starbucks.  A coffee will typically cost $0.50 -$1.00 more than Starbucks depending on size. However, VOLO coffee tastes a lot better and you also get a free shot of espresso included in each cup.
When it comes to the food, VOLO is 100x better AND costs less than food at Starbucks.  So, if you typically order Coffee with food, it is actually more economical to go to VOLO.  I paid over $9 for a sandwich and large coffee at Starbucks, when a large coffee and sandwich at VOLO costs $8 (and left me much more satisfied).
The service can be slow when it's busy but I don't mind waiting for a quality product.  They have outdoor seating and it's biker friendly.I love this place. Great atmosphere, nice people, large windows, AND they don't play music, which is hard to find in a coffee shop. I have been going here for years and will continue to support this wonderful business.This independent coffee shop is a gem!  Great drinks, great service, great food, and awesome atmosphere.  I'm not a coffee person, so I usually feel weird spending $2-3 on tea, but their tea selection is amazing!  Definitely try their fruity teas as ice tea while it's still hot out!  My favorite was a grapefruit tea - so refreshing!  Their mozzarella proscuitto panini is also fabulous, and you can never go wrong with a bagel and cream cheese.  Their hot chocolate is unsweetened, but it is a very rich and creamy mix.  I made me feel like I was in Paris or something.  Their chai tea latte is also good - also not as sweet as Starbucks, but in a very good way! Their wifi is good, but you can't get a great signal outside.  It was a bit annoying when I needed to get work done for 2-3 hours but did not want to smell like coffee after sitting inside.  However, it was worth it because of the big windows and relaxed atmosphere.This place would get a 4-5 typically but I have had customer service related beefs.  First off the coffee is friggn awesome, I think they really care about every cup they make and there isn't one item I could complain about.  Second, you get the feeling the crowd is a little more put together then the ones that go to the chain coffee shop down the street (I go to both, depends on my mood, parking, and how much time I want to spend)..sometimes it feels a little elitist or pretentious in here, admittingly I'm looking for that sometimes.  The customer service beef i have is that it takes FOREVER to pay for something, the other reason is a one time incident but left a bad taste in my mouth...and has given me mixed feelings about going in... sitting in the car outside of Volo a few min early one day and a woman with a baby in her stroller tried to open the door, the two people in there looked at her and totally ignored her!  (Dude with the glasses).  It was like 3 min until opening.  The woman looked at them and walked away.  I hung a Uturn and went to the lower brow down the street...my conscious felt better but my taste buds suffered.This place has the vibe of the neighborhood coffee shop, which I enjoy since I live a few blocks away. Unfortunately, they have a serious fly problem. My friend and I came here to catch up but we ended up leaving half an hour in because we were swatting flies away like crazy people. I think I'll just be going to the clean ol Starbucks down the street.Volo cup, I fill you up.
My husband and I were walking around the Manayunk area one Saturday in late August, looking for a coffee shop other than Starbucks and voila - Volo appeared.  Apparently it's so popular that it's difficult to find seating.  We walked around a little more and then returned 30 minutes later to snag a perfect two-person table.  The atmosphere is quite modern and open, not like your warm neighborhood Starbucks, so it depends on the vibe you want.  Because it's one, fairly small open room, it did get rather noisy - particularly when a poor dishwasher smashed an entire tray of dishes on the floor.  I'm able to tune out the background noise, while my husband is not - so know you're party's preferences.  I appreciated that they had a surge protector near a cluster of tables so that more than two people could charge their laptops; mine has a gimpy battery that dies after fifteen minutes without electricity, so I factor outlets into my coffee shop assessments.  If you don't need an outlet, you can sit outside when the weather's nice and people watch while you sip your drink of choice.
But the coffee - oh wow.  I ordered a small half-caf iced coffee, and my husband got a hot vanilla latte in a mug.  The cashier was nice when I asked if they could make it half-caf, even though I know coffee snobs turn their nose up at that - but he probably saw my pregnant belly.  We paid $7-$8, which is a little steep for liquid calories, but it was worth the taste.  We only waited three minutes, despite the volume of customers.  The latte came out first, and it was beautifully topped with swirled, decorated foam.  It wasn't too sweet, but you could still taste the vanilla - a lovely balance.  The barista serving my iced coffee made sure to say "half-caf" with a nice smile, which reassured me that they had made it properly.  I added cream and sugar (I only add sugar to my iced coffee, okay?!) at the bar from a cute little tray they provide.  I only wish they had two trays on busy days or at high volume times, because I had to ask the woman next to me who was waiting for her coffee to make room so I could reach the cream.  
We didn't order any food, since we'd just had lunch, but I would love to go back and try their food.  They had a three-cheese grilled cheese that sounded really good, and the salads on another ladies' table looked sizable.  I'd say there were about five-six sandwiches, three-four salads, maybe a soup, and several baked goods on the menu.  A co-worker tells me that their multi-grain bagels slathered with butter are the best he's had, and he's a Philly native.  Actually, a couple of my co-workers come into work most mornings with a cup of Volo joe, despite our office providing very good coffee.
Great coffee, decent value, distinct atmosphere, located in the heart of walkable Manayunk.This place was busy! But oh so great. The cappuccino was well made and the staff was friendly. There is indoor and outdoor seating.I've been stopping here for years since it's previous incarnation.  The current operation does not come close to it's predecessor.  The espresso shots are tight and short.  I mean $2.50 for a one ounce, down the hatch in seconds shot that is pulled according to the very know-it-all barista for 18 seconds (or less).  That's nonsense, and when I told him so, he told me his boss would get mad if he pulled a longer shot!  His Boss!  I'm the customer, and if I think a thimbleful of espresso is too tight, loosen the grip.  So then he proceeds to ask if I wanted him to add more to my cup.  You can't do that, and he knows it.  So he pulls a second shot, and this one is about and ounce and a half.  When he sees that I'm not happy, he proceeds, even though I'm telling him never mind, to make a third, obviously over extracted shot of mediocre espresso.  All the while telling me that he's, "read books on espresso."  When I tell him I have a $1000 setup at home, he starts asking me questions about it as if to make sure I'm giving him the truth.  Sorry, this isn't the first time I've encountered this guy, and he needs to remember that the customer is king. "Don't like your shot?  Let me fix it."  Skip the lecture.Serving LaColombe coffee, this shop is a great and popular stop for cyclists riding through Manyunk. There is always a great selection of pastries. My favorite for a mid ride snack is the cheese croissant. That's a croissant with baked on melted cheese, Their espresso is arguably one of the best in the city.  The cafe is always filled with people clicking away on their computers and eating eating lunch.After a heavy lunch, we came here for a Capuccino. The coffee was good; nothing expectional. The coffeehouse was big, with several tables and chairs for those who want to relax and enjoy their coffees. They had bakery goods too. Service was fast; decent experience.This is my favorite coffee shop in the Philadelphia area, hands down. Their lattes are perfect. I have a difficult time getting out here because it's kind of out of the way for me, but always worth it. I drag people here every chance I get.After a night of drinking in the city, my best friend and I always come here for some coffee and a clean, private bathroom after suffering from the d.a.d.s. (aka day after drinking ****). If you are an adult, you will understand what that means.
Thank you Volo Coffeehouse for always being there for us and our bowels during our times of need.Literally been my favorite coffee shop my whole life. Basically raised here it's the bestExact same thing happened to me! with the biscotti~ so hard that I almost cracked my tooth!
and I sent it back.  Their response was "they are supposed to be this hard"....
no thanks!I would say the lattes are great, but a bit pricey. I love the atmosphere and the interior of the place. Great brunch site with friends.My favorite place to go for coffee, EVER. The lattes are so, so, so delicious. The employees are so nice and friendly every time I stop in. Food is amazing as well. Great place to sit and relax, have a coffee, grab a bite to eat, hang with friends - you name it. I've completely dropped Starbucks from my life ever since I found Volo.Stopped in Sunday morning around 10:30. Pretty busy but good flow. The iced coffee is delicious and there was available seating. 
Too many cyclist ...I have been going to this coffee shop since it was La Columbe but it is even more awesome now.  Of course the coffee is to die for, but I really enjoy the atmosphere here as well.  
I am also incredibly pleased that they now offer Almond Milk as an option for their Latte's.  I believe they also offer Soy and their dairy milk is fresh from the farm so you really can't go wrong no matter what you preference is.
They have great soups in the winter and great panini's all year round.  The pastries are made elsewhere but are honestly outstanding.  They are a european style so incredibly delicious without being overly sweet.  The cinnamon roll that I adore is like a cross between a cinnamon roll and a croissant.  It is heavenly!
If all of this is not enough, the staff and service are awesome!  Everyone is super friendly and helpful and they all know how to craft a beautiful latte!By far my favorite coffee shop. They make the best cappuccino's. Very quick service and nice environment. Can be difficult to find a table, but you can always get it to go.The coffee here is excellent. My iced coffee had a strong, robust flavor and was definitely made with quality beans. In not a coffee connoisseur by any means, but there is no mistaking this is good coffee.  It was not at all watered down like some places tend to make it. On a rainy thursday afternoon this place is still full of patrons. It seems I am one of the last to know how great the coffee is here! They also offer some pastries and a few lunch options which I will have to stop back in to try. If you are in need of some great coffee while walking on Main St in Manayunk (and want to avoid the cliché Starbucks), this is definitely the place to go.I literally worked in Volo so many times. The coffee is great, the tea is pretty good, the food is good and the service is okay (based on who is working). I've had excellent service and service that leaves much to be desired. That said, it's a great place to work in (bring your own mifi) - lots of locals, cyclist, joggers, yogis, and WFH/students. The bean burger  and the salmon bagel were my favorite food items, the soy milk latte favorite drink - my hubby liked the turkey paniniIt's the country kitchen I wish I had in my house. Great sandwiches and wonderful selection of coffee/tea. Oh, and free wifi! xo My new favorite study spot!Their hot cider was really, really good. I'm not a huge fan of coffee so I can't really comment there but ui had the cider yesterday. My boyfriend also loved it.Went in for coffee and a bagel. They were playing Wolves by Phosphorescent - so, 5 starsActually don't know how anyone could not love this place. It's a morning ritual for most everyone in manayunk. I often do work and drink an amazing latte while I wait for my train in the am. Staff is welcoming, part of the community, and always friendly. It gets busy but I don't see how that's a bad thing? Coffee on the go is just as good. The only down side is the lack of outlets if you plan to stay awhile to charge a computer, other than that volo is easily the greatest charm of Main Street.Excellent coffee. Food menu is limited and keeps changing. Had a bagel...nothing extraordinary. Staff are kind and considerate.Volo is a pleasant coffeehouse in the Manayunk Area  and it makes for a great little stop if you're biking along the Schuylkill River Trail.  My husband and I did just that when we were on our return trip to Valley Forge.  We each needed a little libation and besides, I needed a good snack to keep my sugars up (I'm a trype-1 diabetic).Volo has the best latter ever!!!Why anyone would go to Starbucks is beyond me!They have great food and snacks too!Always love coming here and stopped in after a bike ride and enjoying my coffee and Greek yogurt.My home away from home in Philadelphia. This is a cozy coffee house that offers a lot besides good coffee. The staff is absolutely the best and you can always see the owner working hard at the café. The café has internet, but you will not find a lot of outlets. Make sure that your computer is charged up.I work next door now and today I tired a bagel with cream cheese and had an iced caramel latte omg to die for ! I suggest everyone check this place out ! Friendly environment and awesome peopleGreat place, coffee and service the best.  One way to greatly improve the place is to stop the china banging.  It is so loud you can't have a conversation.  Dishwasher must be paid by the decibel.  Outdoor seating is available.We came here after a chilly evening walk and after hearing all the great reviews about it. The ambiance is great - cozy and dimly lit, good for conversation, probably not great for studying/hard work. I shared the hot chocolate and the biscotti; unfortunately, both were pretty mediocre - it tasted like slightly flavored hot milk. The barista was not very friendly though I'm hoping that doesn't reflect on the general attitude of the staff here. Next time I'll have to try the caffeinated drinks.Nice outside seating on street.  Small restroom.     Good customer service.    Prices are good and a light music inside.  Free wifi.I'd give it 3.5 stars if I could. Honestly, it wasn't bad. I love the feel of the place. The way a classic coffeehouse should feel. The coffee just wasn't anything special. I just wish there was a place that did their own coffee roasting rather than selling/brewing La Colombe. Literally every cafe and coffeehouse in Philly features La Colombe. Come on Philly, give us some variety!BEST COFFEE HOUSE in manayunk
Listennnnn, listen. I come here every weekend since ive moved to manayunk and the coffee is just amazing. rich flavor and I never have to add any sugar to it. The bagel and honey cream cheese is my favorite along with the greek yogurt with granola and fresh fruit. so good!Volo is a great coffeehouse with friendly staff, good coffee and good food and pastries. Not much else to say, pretty much everything you would expect from a good local coffee spot.The best spot in Manayunk for coffee and lattes. They also offer milk alternatives like almond milk and use La Colombe coffee, which is what really sets it apart from other coffee shops/nearby chains.Chose this location to meet some friends. Had an iced coffee and a vanilla bean biscotti. Both were good! The food was reasonably priced.Sure...you could go to the "rhymes with bar stucks" across the street, but I'd make sure to try this place too. Don't get me wrong, I frequent locations of the aforementioned competitor, but Volo left me with some of the best coffee I have had in a long time.  They don't offer a crapload of sugary, candy sweet, high calorie coffees like others...so if a mint chocolate syrup christmas cookie whipped cream with chocolate flake and caramel drizzle is your goal, maybe go across the street.  My guess is they don't need to nor want to make tbat type of product.  Instead, they put good coffee in the lead role.  Wish the pricing was a hint better...but still going to round up to 5 stars.Special place for me my boys. We make a pilgrimage here almost every weekend. Great food, coffee and people. They're really kind to us and the patrons are a great bunch too We love it here.Came by for the first time Sunday at 9AM after reading many positive reviews. Staff wasn't really friendly as many people put in their reviews. Coffee was light and not much taste. I ordered a latte and an iced hazelnut coffee. Decided to give them another chance, came back this morning at 7AM ordered an iced coffee, staff wasn't friendly, they were chit chatting among themselves instead of focusing on the customer. My iced hazelnut coffee wasn't come out the way I expected like Sunday. I was confused and then the guy asked me "you ordered iced coffee right? Here is the milk would you like me pour it for you?" It was all black. I guess I was expecting the same iced hazelnut coffee as  I ordered Sunday. Same order two different day and time came out differently. I gave them a second chance. Not going back. There are many other good one out there. Their coffee is not good they are just in a great location with a nice shop.volo coffehouse. 
need i say more? 
i could go on and on about the food, but i'll just say it outright: the food is amazing. 
now let's talk about the people - or should i say person. jesse carpenter makes volo the coffeehouse it is. i suggest you visit, if not for the coffee, for the charming smiles you'll recieve from the moment you walk in.Really outstanding coffee, outdoor & indoor seating, great vibe. Only wish they would stock heavy cream (in addition to half & half) for customers watching their carbs.Wow did I love this place. Food and vibe, both perfect. I went Saturday looking for a really good iced soy chai (a favorite of mine) and brought a book. This place had that perfect grab something delicious, get lost in what you're doing or who you're with vibe. It helped that it was raining outside, very seattle :) I grabbed a tea and a recommended almond croissant-YUM, a must get without a doubt- sat down to read and didnt leave for hours.
Came back Sunday with a friend, much more packed at exactly the same time so be aware Sundays are brutal! The latte may be one of the best I have ever had. I may have to start hiking it over here before work in the mornings. And of course I grabbed another almond croissant! although the cinnamon roll and the apple tart were both calling my name...
Be aware, it is a small place, Any more than two people will be tought to find a table. And you may not get a seat. But if you have the time to wait for one to open instead of grabbing your coffee in a to-go cup, do it.Such a nice, great place for a great cup of coffee.  I only drink decaf and their decaf is really flavorful.  Their cappuccinos are so rich and creamy - even with skim milk.  How do they do that?On a cold spring day, I was looking for a place to warm up and read. Between what seems like two of the only cafes on Main Street, I chose Volo over Starbucks. There were only a few seats left as others had the same idea to get out of the looming thunderstorm outside, but I managed to snag a corner table.
Pushing aside a previous customer's coffee cup, I sat down with my loose-leaf chai latte (Volo only has loose-leaf chai so if you're looking for the pay-more-for-branding Oprah stuff, head across the street to SB). The chai was not bad, just lacking in spice.
I'll be back, but maybe I'll stick to the regular teas next time.Really nice coffeehouse; cozy atmosphere, great service and decent prices. 
They have a good selection of loose teas and the sweet people working there are happy to answer any questions you may have. 
They also have a good selection of pastry items and sandwiches. Ample seating inside and a few tables outside for when the weather allows.Best coffee in Manayunk for sure! The line can run out the door on weekends but the baristas are friendly and keep it moving quickly. Good breakfast sandwiches and reasonably priced smoked salmon you can add on to the fresh bagels.The transition from La Colombe to Volo was seamless. I barely recognized that La Colombe was no more until I noted the new Volo sign outside. Coffee is still amazing La Colombe coffee and the baristas still make an amazing cappuccino. My only complaint- this place is in need of a dire makeover. The peeling paint and worn out barista counter is kind of a bummer. Other than that, by far the best coffee shop on Main Street..Very simple and short menu. Coffee is pretty decent and you can get a large house pour for 2 50, barista was cute and does her job well, but the Wi-Fi is broken?! Coffee shop with no weefees=Armageddon.Came here on a Sunday for brunch with a friend during my first time in Philly. This place is a great little shop with a pleasant atmosphere and is perfect for brunch. Big windows, low key energy and you can bring your laptop without getting criticized! Kept it simple with a plain bagel and cream cheese, but they have a wide array of pastries and other breakfast favorites. Definitely a good place to be if you wanna get away for a few hours or the entire day! Their iced coffee is also so good; fresh squeezed OJ too!Hand poured coffee check. Tasty chocolate crossiants check. Cappuccino check. Assortment of Fancy Tea's check.
This is my go to spot for coffee in Manayunk and for good reason. I do have to mention however if you get a breakfast sandwich it seems to take a heck of a long time so if you are in a rush maybe you should skip that option. I also do not believe they toast any of there bagels, they put them in a Panini maker perhaps this explains the longer preperation time.
It is a really nice touch that after you order a beverage they prepare a station for you with a cup holder and a spoon for you to mix and add sugar to your desired beverage. This seperates Volvo Coffeehouse from the Starbucks and the Dunkin Donuts of the world.
If you are a coffee drinker or want a quick pick me up I highly advise you stop in here and give them a try.I crave their almond milk mocha and egg sandwich on a daily basis. Love this place, love the staff. Everything on the menu is delicious.Delicious coffee and good service. We ordered coffee and sandwiches while visiting manayunk and got prompt service with really delicious, well made soy latte's (If you are anywhere nearby, make this a pitstop!). The staff lost track of our sandwiches and when I asked the staff about them, they were very nice and offered a complimentary drink for the mix up. Paninis were very flavorful - definitely try the caprese with prosciutto. Too bad I don't live anywhere near Manayunk or I'd be here all the time!Absolutely wonderful by all accounts! Delicious coffee, great service, tasty food...even my "I hate coffee shops and coffee" husband doesn't mind coming to Volo for a tea and a sandwich!The best coffee on Main Street!  The people who work there are friendly and up beat.  Akos makes the best lattes and cappucinos with La Colombe's nizza blend! The creamy smooth steamed milk is a great treat.   They also have fresh salads and yummy hot soups for lunch.  I love sitting at one of the huge windows and people watching in the afternoon.Issue#1: Animals in cafe. Customers bring dogs into the cafe. Today the barista walked around the counter and pet a customers small hairy dog for a few mins, kissing it etc. Then goes back to making drinks. If you are allergic to animals or have taken college biology you know how offensive that is on so many levels. 
Issue#2: Internet, outlets and noise. Internet is on and off, dropping out every few mins. No Outlets for laptops. NONE. And way to noisey, braistas take pride in banging the espresso handles and the acoustics of the place amplify the sound. I don't expect a library, but the noise here is noticeably annoying. This place needs a make over...yesterday. Need a new bar, some outlets and better lighting.  
Issue#3: Offerings. Coffee is reasonably priced $2.50 with $0.50 cent refills, but its way too strong (almost sludge status). Its not bad...just not for light roasted drinkers. My friend who likes dark roast, loved his coffee. Pastries are unreasonably expensive. Rock hard, ok tasting biscotti for $2. $3 for a tart etc. Have not tried sandwiches but after seeing the staff pet the dog, I will pass on the food.  
Staff is nice, but kinda aloof. No small talk, usually on their phones or straight to the point. The crowd here is older regulars and well heeled locals. In summer with windows open it is a nice place to hang and have a conversation. But if you need to read or get work done, head to sbux alcove down the block.I have been here a few times and I have always enjoyed the coffee. 
Coffee: Always has been good! There aren't a myriad of options, but you know when the menu isn't full of craziness, the quality is really the thing to enjoy. I think the prices are reasonable and not overly ridiculous. When is a great coffee place super cheap? Never! I can't comment on the food- never had it, but it always sounds delish :)
Staff & Service: As one yelper mentioned- unpretentious! They are always so nice, kind and cool. It's a hipster/laid back/ chill vibe. They always seem really cool- like "ooo I could be his/her friend!"
Atmosphere: This is where I feel like the shop falls a LITTLE short. I like my coffee places where it's warm and snuggly- this place doesn't give me that vibe at all. I'd much prefer to come here over the summer vs. winter. For me it's not an ideal place to post-up and study, there aren't too many tables and the place lacks in outlets to charge. Volvo isn't big and there are no comfy big chairs/couches, only wooden chairs & tables. Mainly 2-person tables. There is lots of great lighting, but because the place is so small, whenever the door opens it sometimes gets pretty chilly. I kept my coat on most of the time. In the summer there are fun places to sit outside and it is a good place to get a coffee with a friend or two and talk. Just not really study place (limited room, not the warm snuggly atmosphere I like). 
Parking: There is metered street, but if you go on the side streets for free, you can find a place as long as you are ok with walking a few blocks to get there.
Overall- I know I'll be back, I am giving 3 stars based on the atmosphere part.Amazing service, love the coffee and food.. Best coffee shop in this area. I specially like the Cortado and their egg sandwich, you must try both!My friend ordered the caprese panini and we have waited over 30 minutes and watched two other people come in and get the same exact panini served to them while we are still waiting. My friend had to go up to the counter twice to remind them and after an hour they have still not even started to make it. We are now asking for it to go because this is causing us to be late to a meeting. Food is good but service could be better.Counter staff are awesome.  Coffee is good.  The guys who prep the food are awful and slow.  A turtle can toast and butter a bagel faster.  Seriously get someone who can keep up with orders.  Waited 15 minutes to get my food the other day, and it was hardly busy.Fantastic European coffee house serving up the classics. - from drip, to espresso, to cappuccino and everything in between in glass cups and saucers. They also serve a variety of fresh pastries. The staff is friendly and fast. They offer outdoor seating. If you enjoy whip cream on your coffee with fake caramel syrup, this spot is probably not going to work for you.This is one of my favorite spots to chill and read a book. The staff is very friendly. I always order the cafe au lait. The atmosphere is very relaxing. I have never tried their food. Their coffee is very aromatic. I like to come by here once a week. It's a great coffee spot!Coffee! Espresso! Tea!....THEIR PANINIS YUM! 
This place is great. They have a ton of your usual coffee shop options + newly introduced oat milk, YUM! It is always very busy in Volo with people meetings, students studying, workers working, and people popping in to grab their coffee to go! 
They have wifi, but very few outlets. Great big front window is a nice spot to watch walkers by as you drink your drink. During warmer months, they have a fair amount of outdoor seating.Great coffee beans, great dairy, great atmosphere. I moved to New York 4 years ago, and I think this is still my favorite coffee shop.First local coffee shop me and my wife visited and the experience was amazing. The coffee and pastries was delicious and the atmosphere was refreshing and friendly! Definitely holds up to their standards from other reviewers!Volo has been my favorite coffee place for a very long time....unfortunately the last two cappuccino drinks have been luke warm before I got in my car!  Hope to see their standards return....disappointed!I love Volo!!  Love their lattes, cappuccino, hot chocolate, sandwiches, and salads!  The staff couldn't be friendlier.  They greet you and say goodbye by name, make pleasant conversation, and aim to please.  It can get quite crowded and in that case people always are happy to share their tables.  We've gotten to know other regulars and have formed friendships.  A well-deserved 5 stars.Iced coffee / salmon everything bagel both really good, hate paper straws as they don't work for more than 5 minutes. Super busy placeGreat coffee, awesome food, and great service. I must stop for my morning coffee.Always have loved this space on Main St.  Great soy lattes with cool leafy foam designs. Don't ask for a biscotti to go with your coffee....It was so hard that I could not bite off a piece! When I asked for another one, they commented that all of them were that hard.....??
Mmmmm  not my idea of a perfect snack to go with my brew~Great coffee. Fantastic prices. Awesome friendly & community vibe. Crowded, but not in a bad way.I was in the area meeting with friends who just moved to Manyunk and did not know of any good places yet for coffee/breakfast. From the reviews on Yelp, I was excited to try this place. From one of the reviews, someone rated highly the egg sandwich (panini bread, egg, spinach, cheese and pancetta). This was very good and quite filling. It was a real egg and not one from the freezer or that you would get at Starbucks or Dunkin Donuts. I was disappointed with the iced mocha that I got. It tasted just like milk. I couldn't taste any espresso. I didn't want to go back to the counter as the line was out the door (which is a good thing but not for me at that point). It was $5 and not worth it. My friend ordered a hot chocolate and the barista was nice enough to let her know that they use bittersweet chocolate so they would sweeten it to her liking. She was not thrilled. I would go back for the ambiance and even the egg sandwich again but I am skeptical about other drinks.A chill coffee spot to hangout or meet someone.
Food: Cortado & cinnamon roll.
Cortado was expertly made with great tasting espresso. Cinnamon roll was light, flaky and delicious.
Service: Friendly staff said hi as soon as I got to the counter. Very warm and nice in my interactions and with other customers I observed.
Space: various 2 tops with seats for 20ish people. Floor to ceiling windows. Lighting was relaxing and low, chill music playing. Overall a distressed, lived space with nice ceiling tiles and the ambience of an independent coffee shop.
I just moved into the area and this was my first time. Look forward to making this a mainstay. Open till 630pm a huge plus.I stumbled upon this coffeehouse on my first visit to Philly. Very charming little cafe, with UH-mazing cappuccinos. I normally would not order that, but couldn't resist after seeing one served to another customer. I gave in and decided to try. I come from southern California, where we have coffee shops on every corner- and I don't mean Starbucks; in other words- I have tried ALOT of artesian style coffee. I also adored the old medicine style tincture bottles used for sugar and cream! I wanted to take them home. Should I visit Philly again, I will definitely be visiting this spot!The coffee here is amazing and the croissants are heavenly, but most of the people I've interacted with behind the counter aren't super polite/friendly--I don't mind, but it's an off-putting quality for a small, local coffeehouse.Very solid coffeehouse with great food options. I didn't order any drinks but my coworkers love their cold brew. Staff is fast and efficient.
Got the egg, cheese, bacon, spinach, and tomato panini. It came out piping hot, crispy and very generous. They didn't skimp any of the ingredients, especially the bacon. Would definitely recommend adding avocado though. The panini was savory and seasoned just right and only $6 for a full size sandwich. Pretty good deal if you ask me (or my California price standards might be all screwed up).La Colombe! You get a free cup if you buy a bag of beans to go. The brew is so smooth and delicious it is almost criminal to drink it any way other than black. Right on Main Street and usually it's not hard to find parking. Service is always friendly and prompt. One of my favorite spots in all of Manayunk. It can get crowded on weekends with the limited seating inside, but there are tables outdoors too. The towpath isn't far either if you want to drink & stroll!I love Volo!!! Used to be a la colombe, which is a world cllass coffee roaster. The owner retained the original elements and simply changed name.  HUGE windows to look out of while sipping coffee or tea.  Well thought out panini and salads. I hesitate to discuss the pastry selection because it's nearly as addicting as the coffee, pssttt...raisin danish is 5 stars.
Workers can handle the massive line in the morning so don't worry they'll set up your order faster than you think.
Don't expect to order crazy fraps and syrups because they focus on the coffee old school. Drip coffee, cappuccino, latte and espresso are my favorites.
The neighborhood is very nice for grabbing to go and walking around.
Also, usually, there is a table of folks that meet in the morning. They are very friendly and asked me to join them to talk about general topics.  Stuff like this is rare and shows the place a great vibe.
They really try to relate to the community with take one/leave one books and 
cork board with everything from dog sitting, babysitting, apartment rentals and local shows.
I visit about 3-4 times per week on my way to the city. 
0 stars, I give 5 galaxies!Without doubt the best decaf soy latte on the planet, and I've had most of them.  While suburban standouts such as The Gryphon in Wayne and Tradestone in Conshy deserve honorable mention, the thick, creamy, foamy head (complete with leaf pattern) on my delish coffee fix made this a memorable stop.  Most in Manayunk seem to agree, as the place was packed with a steady crowd on a Sunday afternoon.  Really, if you were on the fence about living in Manayunk, this spot should seal the deal.Perfect coffeehouse vibe, great for studying with lots of tables. They have a nice selection of coffees, milks and sandwiches. I got a caramel latte and it was absolutely delicious. The staff are super friendly and helpful.Had an unexpected stay nearby when we had a flat tire and stopped in to kill time, and was pleasantly suprised. They had great coffee, some pastry and sandwich options. I custom built an avocado toast and it was probably the best I have ever had. Its on a very cute street in a cute part of town.Great coffee and pastries. The seating was a little aggressive and competitive but not unexpected on a beautiful Sunday morning. I had a latte and my friend had drip coffee-we were both pleased with our beverage. The almond croissant we shared was very tasty. Give it a try!Walked in and went to order a coffee, the cashier jumped as if I yelled at her when I said "Excuse me ma'am." Tried to order a sandwich a while back, 35 minutes later I go back to a different cashier, he asked about the exact sandwich I ordered and instead of serving me or apologizing he just asked me if I wanted my money back. No explanation as to why the sandwich was never made. 
I was also the only Black person in the spot.A lovely Starbucks alternative on Main Street Manayunk. The lattes are pretty and the Americanos are bold. The have the BEST yogurt! It comes from Fiddle Creek Dairy. It's a real treat on its own or with some granola and honey. Plenty of seating inside and outside. The WiFi is strong. Look for the password on their chalkboard.I stopped in and one of your staff pulled me a very tasty shot of espresso.
The seating both inside and out seemed pleasant and your baristas were not obnoxious.
I only stayed for a few minutes but they were a nice few minutes.  Well done Volo.A cute little coffee house, nice for a quick stop. It's a small shop; there isn't much space to sit and/or study, so if you'd be lucky to snag a spot. 
The staff doesn't really try to interact with you past taking your order, but so far in my experience, I haven't encountered a situation in which I'd say they were rude. 
The coffee is a bit on the pricier side and they don't have as many options as some other coffee places in the vicinity. However, the coffee they do have is La Colombe, and it does taste quite nice. 
I'd go to Volo if I needed coffee in a pinch, but other places might be more suitable on a day-to-day basis.Amazing coffee, great people, fun atmosphere, dog-friendly. Terrible bagels. Never toasted, cream cheese spread on only one side. Go for the coffee, beware of bagelsHopping place in Manyunk.Every seat was taken and not necessarily with computers attached to humans. The store is surprisingly quiet even with all the customers. The food is meticulously prepared at the counter on the left of the barista. The coffee was very good too. Colombe coffee is used. All was excelletI go here at least once a week for coffee and I have yet to be disappointed!  They serve quality coffee (La Colombe), plus the people that work here are always friendly and talkative.  The cafe itself has a great ambiance and is very welcoming.  I would highly suggest it to anyone looking for good coffee in Manayunk.Saw the great reviews on yelp and decided to meet friends here on Sunday morning. The Volo avocado toast was incredible and The other people in my party raved about their food as well. Bathrooms were clean and service was with a smile. Will be back!You would thinkManayunk would have a bigger selection of great coffee shops, but it's simply not true. That being said, Volo is an excellent addition to Main St.. They sell La Colombe coffee, so you know it's good. The employees are friendly, and the food is great, too. It's not very big, so there's limited seating, so keep that in mind. If you need a place to do work, you may be better off at Starbucks since it's much bigger.SUCH DELICIOUS COFFEE.
Please update your hours- arrived @7 and you currently don't open until 730Volo makes, hands down, the best latte I've had since moving back to the Philadelphia area. They use La Colombe which we all already know is great but they make it SO WELL. Whenever I'm trying out a new coffee shop, I always go for a latte first as a test to see if their baristas know what's up. And the baristas at Volo pass that test with flying colors!! They had the perfect ratio of espresso to milk where I could actually taste the espresso with the milk there just to temper the bitterness. 
Not only will you get a great coffee from Volo, but the vibe of the place is great too. Very open space with lots of tables. The giant windows were open when I was there and they had outdoor seating which was so key. It's a little on the smaller side so I can see there being a problem getting a seat when they don't have the outdoor seating. But for warmer months it's a perfect spot!Hands-down, Volo is the best coffeehouse in Manayunk.
Go Ahead - Spoil yourself! Sip some quality and inexpensive La Colombe cappuccino. Pair your sip with with "wow" pastries or sandwiches!
I admire the modest cafe look, and the rich intense taste, and let's face it - nothing goes better than a piece of GOOD chocolate with great house-roasted coffee. You can almost dream of it now...
Go ahead... Enjoy.
Four Solid Yelps.Used to be an old La Colombe but now with hot food. It's a very cool vibed coffee shop with the same pastries as other La Colombes in the city. 
Nice spot to just grab a latte and chat with the locals.Got the macchiato with caramel and just your average bagel with cream cheese. Coffee was excellent, had great flavor and was strong. Bagel was also fresh and had plenty of spread. My friends had something from every corner of the menu and we were all impressed. Small dining area was pretty crowded for a Tuesday morning...a lot of people taking up tables working on laptops, so just be advised you may not get a seat right away or at all. Would love to come back here!So Good, great local coffee shop better than your big name brand shops in the area. I would recommend this place to anyone in the Manayunk  areathe small town love child of la columbe and elixr. Funky setting, high ceilings, cool chairs, anthropologie-esque trays and shelving, small terrariums, water set out with cups so you don't have to ask. This was a fun fun spot to enjoy a latte and a chat. Pluuusss, the barista made a an excellently balanced latte and even had a perfect design on it (not that that matters) and I would say made it in record time. the coffee is la columbe, so duhhhhh it was awesome. and the seats were all taken when we arrived, but people reached out and made room so we could sit. If i lived near here, i would be there every day. as it is, I'd say it is the perfect place to grab a cup of delicious coffee on an adventure day down the river side trails of manayunk.We were wandering down Main Street looking for coffee to grab before heading to brunch at Le Bus when we lucked out and found this great little coffee shop. It was 10:15 on a Sunday morning and we didn't have to wait in line for coffee?!?! Us Center City dwellers did not understand this but we liked it very much. We ordered a Latte and a House Coffee and were very satisfied when we realized that they brewed La Columbe coffee. We'd much rather patronize a coffeehouse like Volo over the Starbucks and other chains in the city. You could tell the baristas took pride in their work and they were speedy, helpful, and nice. There is plenty of tables to sit down if you are looking to relax with a friend or come here to get some work done. If you are ever are in search of a good coffee experience in Manayunk, check this place out.I love this place. It is in many ways the perfect little cosmopolitan cafe. It is La Colombe at Rittenhouse Square...but infinitely more serene and inviting (with superb paninis and the most wonderful assortment of French pastry).
The staff is effortlessly fantastic. 
It simply does not get much better in Philly.
What more could a boy want? :)My friend had to go to Manayunk to pick up a book at a local bookstore off Main st,and suggested we grab a coffee and sit for a bit. As soon as I walked in, I remembered this was the same location as the Manayunk La Colombe that closed several years ago. This coffeehouse uses and sell LaColombe coffee. The Caffe Americano I drank was superb, strong and you could taste the coffee and my friend enjoyed her Espresso Macchiato with extra foam . If I am in Manayunk Main street, I will stop back. I love that Starbucks in nearby, but people still flock to an Indie coffeehouse, as well. Reminds me of my old neighborhood in Chicago, Andersonville....Love the cappuccino art and soy latte was amazing! Nice little coffee house on Main Street, sometimes I like to break away from the huge chain of Starbucks and love it when I can find these little coffee shops.  Their bagel with vegetable cream cheese is my go to breakfast.Great coffee, excellent atmosphere, non-intimidating/ snobby service. My only complaint was that there wasn't enough seating but hey, you can't blame the place for being busy! Will definitely return.