We went to the Walnut Street Café with some friends of ours for Sunday brunch. I had been previously to try their daily-rotating City Wide special, and found that experience pleasant, but this review focuses just on our Sunday brunch experience.
I begin with the only real negative of the day, which was the less-than-stellar table service we got. Several pastries that we had ordered simply never arrived, and some hot tea that my wife and one of our friends ordered arrived at the table lukewarm. That said, I think the restaurant was understaffed relative to the crowd that day--there were perhaps only three servers working to serve 30-40 patrons.
Aside from that, everything else met expectations. I ordered the steak and potatoes, which came exactly as I had ordered it--rare. The steak was clearly a high-quality piece of beef, and had excellent flavor and marbling. My wife and our friends raved about the toast they had with their eggs and potatoes. And, partly because of the bad service we received, the manager comped us several dishes we hadn't ordered, including a tasty pasta carbonara, a ham-cum-pastry-and-egg dish whose French name I cannot recall, and two brunch desserts (!)--a delicious custard dish with berries, and an apple pastry of some sort.
I expect to return here in the future for brunch. The ambience is top-notch, and while the place is a tad pricey, the food seems high quality. I hope that the service improves, however.Arrived close to 5 pm on a Saturday night. Basically empty dining room. The host kept us waiting more than ten minutes. We inquired about the hold up and he in a very rude way told us he needed to put us upstairs and it wasn't ready. Ten more minutes and we we're finally led upstairs. It looked like the cafeteria at my Catholic grade school. We insisted on a downstairs table. From there it was a great experience. Food was fabulous. Service was excellent. Decor was lovely. The unisex rest rooms don't lock but hey you can't have everything.This place was amazing, and just a brief walk from the 30th Street Amtrak station. They started us off with focaccia made in their house bakery - mind blowing! The appetizers, entrées, cocktails, and dessert were equally impressive. The architecture is modern, clean, and minimal with lots of natural light - all contributing to a beautiful ambience. And the staff was charming and attentive. I think I'll make this my go-to spot whenever I'm taking the train to Philadelphia.Had a very nice dinner here. Overall a great experience.
Enjoyed starting off with the "Serendipitous Accident" cocktail, which was excellent. Had a sip of the "Cold Crush" cocktail as well, which was fine but not nearly as good. 
The food was great all around. They brought out some really great foccacia (nice and salty) right off the bat. Really enjoyed the lox on the "everything" crackers. The hanger steak was seasoned and cooked perfectly, rare just how I like it with a great sear on the outside. The mushroom side was very good as well. Had a bite of the scallops starter, which was perfectly cooked and had a nice accent flavor from some crunchy little nibs on top. Also had a taste of the ravioli and the chilled zucchini soup, really tasty.
Excellent service. Attentive, friendly, and helpful.
It's a very nice space, although the big beautiful windows open up to...traffic on the road. But everything else was great.The food here was pretty good. There's not a ton of variety on the menu but it's good. The host here was so rude and he was making it very obvious that he was trying to be rude to me after I was a little late for my reservation. He then told me he didn't want me to feel like I had "limited time" but i needed to rush for his next reservation, which i understand but it was unnecessary when there were such little people coming in to the restaurant. it was a fine dinner but would've been better if the host was nicer.The latest darling of Philly food is Walnut Street Cafe and I am fully on board. Situated, basically on the Walnut Street bridge, this cafe opened in June and serves breakfast, brunch, lunch, happy hour and dinner. I was there for brunch, and not being the b
The space is absolutely gorgeous. From the couches to the maticulous bar area, I really loved every piece of furniture in there. 
Most exciting to me, though,  are the baked goods. Baker Melissa Weller is doing things that make me real happy. The biggest happy maker is that she makes khachapuri, a Georgian, calzone-like treat previously only found in Philadelphia at a very odd and far away Georgian restaurant called My Uncle's Backyard. The dough with handlebars is stuffed with cheese and a fried egg. They are best shared. Walnut Street's are stuffed with feta and cheddar and french ham, instead of the typical Sulguni Georgian cheese. It is $12 on the brunch menu. 
For more dough, meat, and cheese, the breakfast sandwich ($8) stuffs a delicious biscuit with sausage, egg, and cheese. I runnier egg or creamy sauce would have been the only improvement here. For a more adventurous option, black scrapple is totally fancied up here with romesco, black rice, a fried egg and a scattering of hazelnuts. Scrapple and hazelnuts is a fun, unexpected pairing.  
The cafe was awesome enough to bring out a chocolate mouse dessert to celebrate my mom's birthday that was so delicious it was demolished even though we were totally full at this point. 
The menus at other types of the day are so different; I have a million reasons to come back her. But I have my eye on the chocolate hazelnut kouign amann which was devastatingly sold out when we were there. I can't think of a better pastry. 
As a fun side trip, go next door to the Cira Green roof for a view of the city.If I could give a negative amount of stars I would. We went for lunch, the waiter was rude , food tasted like it came out of a cafeteria and the ambience was non existent. STAY AWAY AND SAVE YOUR MONEY. A TV dinner would have been more elegant.A very impressive scene. While the "cafe" description may be misleading, this place is perfect for your "power" lunch or business meeting.  I've sat at the actual kitchen counter a few times and it's purely entertaining watching all the chefs put together the great meals everyone there is super friendly and the sunlight coming into the big windows make it a very bright atmosphere.  The food variety is great, the food is all fresh, and really enjoyed the different noodle large plates they had.After getting engaged we decided to "swing by" for a glass of bubbly and a snack but that quickly changed when we read the menu and were swept into the warm arms of the Walnut Street team.
From the sweet smiling face on the hostess to the bartender Sam, and our charming server Gabriel everyone went above and beyond to make us feel like royalty. We sat in the far end of the dining room overlooking the entire restaurant and kitchen, the space is sleek and sexy but very cozy and comfortable. 
The food was wonderful, the highlights being the perfectly seasoned scallops with carrot and ginger as well as the perfectly tender skirt steak with salsa verde and tortellini with impossible thin pasta and bright lemon. There is some serious talent in that kitchen and I feel we only skimmed the surface! 
I finally I would be remiss not to mention the incredible hospitality shown by Sommelier Eddie and GM/wine director Branden, thank you thank you thank you, we will never forget that night!Food was ok..Service can be better, asked for Mimosa's was told they were out of the breakfast staple Orange Juice..There was no line at the door! Not a very good first impression.I'm pretty conflicted about this place. On the one hand, happy hour is great (eggnog!!1!11) and affordable. And 3 hours long. Look I love their happy hour. The ambiance overall is great, beautiful windows, great views. I've heard good things about their pastries but they're always sold out when I arrive. 
What really bums me out is the one full meal I had here. It was lunch and it took 40 minutes for food to come out. It wasn't busy, no one was being stretched thin. And yet it still managed to take that long to make pasta and a steak. The waitress was kind and affable, but she did forget to put something in. Steak was served rare when she asked for medium. Food was okay for the most part, though the lemon ricotta bread definitely was too tough. 
So it's hard for me to really say for sure what I would give this place. I guess it really depends on what you're coming for. Happy hour? YEAH. Anything else, maybe think twice.I was pleasantly surprised by the Walnut Street Cafe. Came here with friends on a Sunday night and loved the decoration of this place. We had two people serving us and they were so informative and attentive. Shout out toe Cheyenne and Sammy! The food was really amazing and something I didn't expect. I really didn't have any expectations but highly recommend!UGH - Horrible food - and this is supposed to be the new "in spot" to eat. I ordered the chicken off the lunch menu which is given the ever so "helpful" following description: Chicken - mushrooms, Marsala sauce, preserved lemon.  What I got was a fairly non- descript piece of chicken - I think it was a de-boned thigh - swimming - and I mean swimming - in a broth of chicken with some mushrooms and no sign of preserved lemon.  I must assume that the chicken broth - while it bore no resemblance to it - was meant to represent Marsala sauce. Just Horrible food.Brunch- good service, modern atmosphere, terrible food.   To be fair, the sides of mushrooms were good.  Eggs, fried potatoes, coffee, toast were all like a bad diner.  How could you mess up eggs.   And for $9 two improperly cooked eggs? Plus, the home fries were deep fried and the toast was limp with too much butter/margarine.Clean and spacious place with plentiful natural lighting. The thing that was most noticeable from the beginning to the end of my lunch there is the service. The servers are very nice and attentive but not in any overbearing way and made for a very pleasant dining experience. 
I ordered the ravioli and my friend got the iceberg salad. The ravioli was good (didn't stand out in any way, though it may have been a little dry) but the portion may not be filling for people with larger appetites than mine. The salad seemed to be a little heavy with blue cheese so beware. But again, the ambience and especially the service makes up for it. If the food gets 3 stars from me, everything else gets 5 - hence the four-star review.
Not sure if this is somewhere I'd come again because I'll be craving the food necessarily, but I definitely would consider it for a slightly fancy brunch or lunch if the occasion arises.I was looking for a place  get birthday breakfast pastries on my commute west. I found this gem. they have it all; the ambiance, the decor and the packaging/branding. I walked out of there with these 3: zucchini olive oil bread, cheddar biscuit, and the raspberry smelt scone. I really can't tell you my fav' as they were all spot on. go. enjoy. i'll have to go back for dinner.Today I stumbled upon this gem of restaurant. I ordered the pork belly sandwich which was phaonominal. The service was nice and very attentive granted that had 20+ people on staff. Great place to eat.This is a beautiful, bright, clean and modern cafe with attentive service and a lovely choice of moderately priced brunch dishes. However, the loveliness of the food ends with the menu descriptions. The cappuccinos were small, lukewarm and bland--absolutely no hint of coffee flavor. The kouign amann pastry -- think puff pastry square with a very light chocolate mousse filling --was also extremely bland. To cap off a disappointing meal, the soft boiled eggs came out hard boiled. If it weren't for the good service and nice atmosphere, I would have rated the Walnut Street Cafe even lower.Exactly what the area needed!  Excellent atmosphere, delicious food, and an extensive wine list.  I went for lunch.  The place was full but they still sat us quickly.  The servers were attentive yet accomodating of a more leisurely pace for the meal.  Some of my favorites were the cold Zucchini soup with tempura blossoms and the grilled carrots drizzled in honey.  We also tried the clam flatbread, which has a cream that highlights the flavor, and the burger, which was cooked perfectly and tasty though less unique.  I can't wait to try the dinner menu!Only have been for breakfast and have loved it each time. The oatmeal is delicious!!! The staff and overall vibe of the restaurant is very upscale. Favorite spot near work!Amazing experience! New to the city and stopped in for lunch. The food was prepared and presented beautifully. The drinks were refreshing and delicious! Big thank you to Jake and Manny for the amazing service and company! I'll be back again, and again, and again :).Rude overpriced tiny portions cafeteria atmosphere they informed us there's a time limit on eating there and we might be told you have to leave before you finish eating this was strange being that the place was empty and we had a reservation, we should of left right then but stayed for an expensive dinner where I left hungryGorgeous new restaurant tucked under the glass tower of the FMC building at 30th and Walnut. So thankful this was NOT a restaurant with all show and no substance. We did not need a reservation for a party of 2 at noon on a Friday, but I wouldn't be surprised if as we get into Fall and this little gem gets discovered if that is no longer the case.
My delicious meal began with a house-made grapefruit and white peony soda. Seriously the most amazing non-alcoholic beverage I have ever had. The seasonal foccia was delicious, no oil even needed. My entree was the chicken, served with the skin which I do not care for, but it was easily picked off. I understand it's in place for moisture and otherwise the chicken was perfectly done. Mushrooms we're very good and flavorful, not bland at all. Side of carrots was tasty, a bit too charred for my taste but that's minor. My colleague had the ravioli, which she declared to be wonderful little pockets of cheese and the mint to be a plus.
We ended sharing the peach hibiscus sorbet which delightfully full bodied and thankfully dairy free. My only concern would be to add more dairy-free options to the dessert menu.
Our server Brandon W was great and could answer all of questions. 
Do note that if you are looking to chow down for $10 this is NOT the place. Portions are small (probably appropriate sizes, we are just used to tons of food) and it's pricey. But worth every penny. Hope they continue to do well.A solid place for brunch. Good service and food. Everything is prepared nicely and it's a very nice atmosphere. Some things are a bit overpriced, but you're paying for the service and environment.Good day.
I was part of a larger party eating at Walnut St Café last night.  
From the time of arrival to the point of departure, the service was poorly executed and not at all fitting with the general high pricing of the menu nor with what I have come to understand the "Philadelphia food scene" to represent. 
I would be happy to discuss specific details with management based on response to this review. 
Thank you for your time.Had our first visit to WSC last night and offer these observations.  Although every server we met was sweet and kind, there appears to be a lack of training and direction as to priorities.  For instance, water glasses were constantly monitored and refilled but wait times for food was very long and when some items ultimately arrived, they were cold.  Lasagna and raviolis are definitely not dishes best served cold.  The wait for cocktails was unusually long and when drink orders arrived, they were prepared incorrectly, e.g., ice in a cocktail ordered "straight up" and charges on the bill for cocktails ordered "straight up with dirty rocks on the side."  Otherwise, entrees that were served hot - scallops and steak - were absolutely delicious.  Therefore, I would consider another visit and hope that management will provide better training to bar staff and servers who clearly want to please the customers but haven't been properly trained.The food here is really good. They make Italian and Gourmet American taste heavenly! Also the interior design is beautiful! I love the use of asymmetry and lightening design.Walnut Street Cafe is one of those places that left me with a food contact high. The location itself is gorgeous, with a ton of natural light. I was stuck in an awkward corner booth that was a bit annoying, but not enough to ruin the day. I was there for lunch and had the Scarlet Glow Tea (lovely and refreshing for summer, especially with the squeeze of lemon), the fried porgy, and the smoked brook trout. 
The porgy was perfectly fried. However, I incorrectly assumed it would come with some small handful of spring mix or potatoes, the entire plate is just two small pieces of fish, a lemon wedge, and tartar sauce.  Since I was still hungry, I ordered the smoked brook trout to round things out. This was intended as a starter but was about as filling as my porgy entree. 
The trout was delicious, but I think the sauerkraut was missing that pungent, acidic flavor I was accustomed to. There was a lot of oil in the dish and without the acid to balance it, the trout came off as a bit greasy. Additionally, I think they should play with serving the dish cold - the smoked flavor of the fish is not at all aggressive, and the warm temperature of the dish dulled some of the flavors. 
I took a piece of the chocolate babka from the cafe back home as a dessert - that part was perfect.
All told I spent about $40 including tax and tip; I'd say be prepared to spend at least that much on lunch unless you are getting something like the burger, which I assume would be more filling. Overall a solid experience though and I would definitely go back, although maybe only on special occasions.This place hit all the notes. Incredible food, drink, and service. Worth a trip - just do it!Beautiful interior and ambiance. Live music on Sundays. I had the Smoked Salmon Eggs Benedict from the brunch menu. It was perfectly seasoned and nicely plated. The hollandaise sauce was light and the toast was just the right amount of crunch. One of the poached eggs was a bit too runny for my liking, but otherwise it was a solid meal. The only bummer was that they had run out of several pastries by 1pm. So get there early to try them.Cozy spot that doubles as a daytime cafe/lunch place and a bar in the evenings. Nice layout and good people and service!I finally got the chance to check out Walnut Street Cafe! Definitely worth the trip.
We went for brunch, and fortunately there wasn't a wait since we didn't have a reservation. It wasn't too crowded but we also got there right when they opened at 10.
The brunch options were great. I was so excited to have choices that weren't just the usual eggs benny or stuffed French toast! I had the "black scrapple" option (yeah Philly!) and it was basically scrapple, rice, and a fried egg - kind of a Philly style Tex Mex? My friend had the khachapuri (right?) - it was basically a toad in the hole breakfast pizza. And Fiancé's brunch came in a mini cast iron skillet. Adorable. 
They serve Rival Brothers coffee, and were so great about topping off our cups. I left with a nice coffee buzz!
The only thing I wasn't pleased with was my Bloody Mary - it was just meh. But Fiancé got one of the drinks off the cocktail menu and thought it was fab. So don't go looking for the boring brunch options expecting something great, go to try out something new!The food is good in this place but there are certain disconnects that just do not work. 
The kitchen shuts at 9pm on a week day and 8pm on Sunday. If you are a guest at the AKA which sends a lot of business to them, and to which they offer in room dining, you will come unstuck. The. Sr stays open - but no bar snacks. I arrived just minutes lat 9pm and the kitchen was already shut down; not even a salad. 
Staff are very nice there, but  according to the AKA, their guests complain frequently about the times of the restaurant. 
If we were on the moon, I would understand; but this is Philadelphia.. A major US city. The hours imposed on the place make me give it 2 stars.. not a reflection of the staff or food quality, simply a reflection of a shoddy business directive.I've been meaning to check this place out for awhile - it's located on the first floor of FMC Tower on Walnut. Beautiful interiors, high ceilings, gold furnishings, with a lovely bar and an open kitchen. My friend and I shared the cinnamon roll (more cake-like than flaky pastry, which I appreciated), khacharpuri, and the carbonara. The carbonara was alright, I think we were ambivalent about it. But the khacharpuri was reaaaally good! Am hoping to try the black scrapple and smoked salmon benedict the next time I make a visit.We come here all the time. It's convenient to the train station, the atmosphere is lovely and pastries are wonderful! I've come with my husband and toddler for brunch, by myself for coffee and even taken a few work lunches here with clients. As many other reviewers have pointed out, the services is horrible -- well, not actually the service, but the host. He's just so nasty. Now when I invite people to dine with me I have to caveat it by saying, "please ignore the horribly unfriendly host. He's like that with everyone." But I wish I didn't have to write that. WSC, can you please talk to this guy?I recently moved to the AKA building above the restaurant and have made Walnut Street Cafe my go-to place for everything. It is a perfect restaurant for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. At the helm of Chef Daniel Eddy, It is doing casually refined food few other restaurants in Philly can match. Also, the pastries by chef Melissa Weller are noted for being some of the best in the country! It is one of the most beautiful spaces in the city to dine. Every time I have visitors, I make sure to come down to the Cafe and it never disappoints. The management is always accommodating and they treat me like family. I could not ask for a better restaurant to have near my new home.We had an amazing meal. Jake was our waiter and the service was perfect. 
We all loved the gnocchi , the ricotta toast, the squid ink pasta with rock shrimp, the seafood tower and of course the porterhouse and the hangar steak. The desserts were excellent, as was the wine list and choice of digestif. We were 7 people and everyone enjoyed the meal.Note: This review and the rating is for the pastries only. 
Knowing I love pastries, a friend of mine recommended that I grab a few pastries for morning coffee on our way up to Cira Greene Rooftop park. I am glad that recommendation was made because all of the pastries especially the cinnamon rolls are delicious with amazing texture and filling that makes you want to have another. Having had a cinnamon roll from here, I run away from other cinnamon rolls. By the end of the morning, the pastries tend to sell out if that gives you an idea. I might take a chance at brunch sometime soon and will update my review but for now I think I will stick with the pastries!Beautiful ambiance. 
All of the appetizers are fantastic - we have the butternut squash soup, flatbread, scallops, salad. The porterhouse entree is really outstanding and the flounder is a hearty portion that is beautifully prepared. The pot de creme was our favorite dessert.
Service is a bit uneven as it took a long time to get our drink orders.Made reservations for 6 ppl for Sun brunch.  Very elegant place and there was even live jazz music which started around 11am.  French toast, my breakfast biscuit sandwich, black scrapple, etc. were all great.  I liked the assortment on the menu, which incl oyster bar, cold-pressed juices, pastries & regular hot breakfast items.  I would have to say the pastries were small compared to what I expected but the chocolate hazelnut Kouign Amann was a hit with my boys.  The hot coffee from Rival Bros. was really VERY good.  I really enjoyed sitting there with a good cup of coffee, conversation & the live music.  We kept remarking on the wonderful interior design of the space.  I really felt like stepping into a 5 star hotel bar/restaurant but the brunch prices were not ridiculously expensive.  Very cute date place too.Cool menu, great service, beautiful space, creative wine list and live jaz for Sunday brunch.Outstanding addition to Philadelphia dining scene. We had such a great dinner we ended up going back for brunch the next day and we were not disappointed. Go for the kouign amann alone but don't forget to order the benedict. The bloody recipe was spot on. Try everything on the dinner menu and have @kait_caruke help pick some amazing pairings.So...wow!   Started with Lemon Ricotta.  Citrusy and creamy on grainy bread.  Excellent.  Lasagna different from any other with Citrus Cream and Veal Ragout.  Then Chicken Marsala never before seen.  Side carrots and beets  perfectly done.  Dessert Apple Slab and Ice Cream Sandwich were fresh and homemade.  Perfect wine pairing with Pinot Grigio    As for the staff, the friendliest and most helpful I've come across.  Kudos to Tim and Jacob.I have not been able to stop singing praises of this place since I've tried it recently!!! Starting from the warm, friendly service to the beautiful retro/industrial interior to the delectable bites of every dish... We came for a friend's birthday this year for dinner and not one person left unsatisfied. There was even a sommelier to help us choose our wine for the meal :) 
We ordered the ricotta lemon toast, the flatbread with littleneck clams, the pan roasted scallops, the hamburger, and the flounder... They were all well-balanced and perfectly seasoned. The house made bread so so good for the toast and the burger bun that I wanted to buy loaves from them before I left!
And please please don't skip dessert: the panna cotta, ice cream and pie... We didn't regret a single bite even though we were all very full! 
In all, I highly highly recommend this place and am looking forward to coming back for their brunch as well!We recently went here for brunch celebrating a special birthday.    The birthday person, celebrating her milestone, liked it so much when we went in October, that she decided to return.   Certainly a downhill spire since our first visit.  While our server was very nice--in fact she was the highlight of our visit--she had too many tables and it was difficult for her to follow up with us.  Food was fair at best--not one of 9 people had anything nice to say.  Both people who order the pasta only ate half--it was so peppery; sausage and home fries were terrible;  burger ordered med well, and it was rare--not med rare, plain rare--I guess they didn't see that when they cut it half before bringing it to the table; coffee was very weak.  Oatmeal and pastries were good.  4 people ordered ice cream for dessert--3 came and the 4th person was served when we were almost finished our ice cream.  When I sent management a note about how terrible it was, I was given an apology and asked to give them a second chance and to call them so they could help us get a reservation.  The way they are going, reservations will be very easy to come by.  Get a new chef then ask me to try them again.  In speaking with several others, this is the same complaint--great a few months ago, terrible now.**UPDATE**
I was able to try the brunch here recently and it absolutely met my expectations for phenomenal service as well as tasty food options! I had the Brioche French Toast and it was one of the best french toasts I've ever had. That's saying something for someone who loves breakfast food at any time of the day :) It's so fluffy without an overwhelming egg flavor or a sweetness that overpowers the bread. I also had bites of my friends who ordered the Pork Belly Sandwich, the Eggs Benedict with Smoked Salmon and the Khachapuri and they were all delicious. Everyone thoroughly enjoyed their meal. I also highly recommend their Kouign Amann ;) It's all buttery, sweet and flaky goodness.One of my favorite restaurants in Philly. Love the location (close to my office), love the design (the best restaurant design Philly 2017), love the food (very tasty), love the dishes (quite delightful).Just went here with my husband while mistiming our departure from Philadelphia via train. A quick 2 block walk from the train station, the restaurant feels a world apart while still making us weary travelers (complete with rolly suitcases) feel comfortable. The hostess even gave us stubs for our beat-up backpacks and then sat us in the spacious, airy, space. Our food was superb-homemade pastas (I had the brown butter ravioli and he had the rigatoni) and a lovely chicory salad to cleanse the palate. Amazing!This is a great new restaurant right over the bridge into University City. With a great location under the FMC tower it will definitely be busy. Although the service took a little more time than expected, they are still working out the kinks as the restaurant just opened 2 days ago. I started my meal off with a piece of focaccia bread and some amazing olive oil. Although it may be annoying that they only give one piece of bread out at a time it definitely helps for you to not ruin your meal. I then had one of the House made sodas. It was Turmeric and ginger. Great flavor! I then had my first course which was the black scrapple. That was great with the black rice that accompanied it. My next course was the Burger. I am not a fan of bacon but it went really well with the cheddar and onions. My only complaint is that it doesn't come with a side. But at $14 for a burger you can't complain. Adding $6 for a side of which I chose carrots made basically a $20 burger which is to be expected of a restaurant of this category. I ended the meal with a delicious cinnamon bun which was made fresh just a little earlier in the day.(4.5 stars) This is an awesome addition to the area, especially considering that there aren't many great options around here. The food is awesome, and the menu isn't that pricey, but the dishes are a bit small so a meal on its own may not be filling enough. The restaurant is also beautiful and relaxing, with a surfeit of natural light entering from the walnut street windows. 
The burger was awesome: great meat and a fluffy bun. The French fries were light and not greasy at all, though I wish they had a signature sauce they could offer with them. The side of carrots was wonderful, dressed beautifully in balsamic. And the gravlax was a super tasty albeit pricey lox appetizer.Wonderful food service and ambiance.  We had Brussel sprouts, flounder, squid, lobster and ricotta.  Sorbet for dessert.   All wonderful.  No bargains here and small portions but everything prepared and presented beautifully.Made a reservation for breakfast for three of us. Unnecessary, as only the cafe is open that early, so we had to squeeze into a tiny corner table. Lovely space: feels very modern, elegant  European. Food that we had was very good. However, I ordered a ham and cheese croissant, had to remind server about it, as it didn't arrive with rest of order. Manager sheepishly came over about 5 minutes later to tell me that they had burned it beyond recognition (his words, not mine) and it was the last one. I took a regular croissant in its place, but by the time it came, didn't really want it, so asked for a bag.  It came back in a LARGE box. As I was heading to airport with no space to spare, I just gave it back to them. It was still on the bill, which we paid.
Service, while well meaning and friendly, was haphazard and pretty slow (place was not busy). 
I'll certainly try again (not breakfast though)...hopefully they'll work out the kinks.This review is for happy hour only.  Place got super packed during the dinner hours, so maybe I'd come back for that, since everything looks and smells delicious.  For ambiance alone, this place is a 5.  Drink specials are a 3.  Service was minimally invasive.  So, a 4.
Seriously cute, trendy spot tucked in half the lobby of the FMC Tower.  Very airy and bright with killer sunset views, gorgeous white decor and rustic/chic fixtures.   And, of course, those floor to ceiling angular windows.  The kind of place that makes me feel how happy hours at the ripe age of 30 are supposed to be, if that's a good thing?  Like out of a movie.  Basically, it's classy AF.  There were no TVs in there (that I could see) for the Villanova game, and that was a good thing when my purpose was to talk at a nice volume while seated.  Bathrooms are post-modern.  Gotta love it.
Happy hour specials were just 'aight tho.  Nothing really stood out to me and I ended up just ordering off the regular drink menu.  I've had better, but maybe it's good to have a few places that aren't all about getting drunk super fast for cheap.  Overall, decent selection I'd say.  I got a delicious dry Kurant cider (first place I've seen offer these!) and my friend got an Irish coffee, which he said was very tasty.
A little disappointed in the size of the bar itself.  Based on the pictures, I originally thought the kitchen/breakfast bar-looking area was the actual bar, but upon arriving, I realized it's just this tiny little thing tucked away on the one end - maybe 6 seats max?  We sat at an adorable little bistro table in the bar area, but I imagine if we came even 5 minutes later than 5:15, we would've been sat in the restaurant area that was already crowding up.
Checks come out with a walnut on top to serve as a paper weight.  Bougie, but make it fashion.  I like their style.  Our server was there when we needed, yet let us chat for a while without intruding.
I'd be back to try some grub and for those nice magic hour views.very unprofessional services and bad at internal communication. Disorganized and just overall not a good place to eat.Fantastic.
Really just exceptional.
Décor- check. 
Helpful wait staff? You bet.
High Quality meal at quite fair prices? Double Check,
Bonus! Sunday brunch had great live Jazz which started at 12:00.
Our brunch experience was such a pleasant surprise- Despite our relatively low tab, the wait staff treated us like royalty- and each seemed genuinely proud of this fine looking, well thought out restaurant.
Special Kudos go to our main server (listed as Gabriel E) as well as Tim and Colleen who each made us feel more than welcome. 
TIP- Since the baked goods and pastries are amazing(apparently made on site) you'll want more than one. Walk 'em off with a great stroll in the recently expanded Penn Park, Everyone goes to Schuylkill banks- but exploring Penn Park can be your little slice of pastry calorie burning heaven.
Thanks again Walnut Street Cafe- Your name may be unassuming, but the experience you provided  was without compare.This should be a 5 star review. But it isn't . I was running late and called to let them know. They were very accommodating and moved my reservation back a half hour. So I arrive 15 minuets before the reservation, to an empty restaurant. I was told I needed to wait in the cafe. Ok so I wait. I have an  ice coffee. Very week. I'm a master at cold brew. 10 mins later they seat us. The restaurant is stunning. Maybe the best space in the city. The views are Meh. Sorry but West Philly train tracks....  amazing bread and free sparking water. Looking excellent. We order. 2 apps. 1 side. 1 entree . Told the server she could bring them out in any order. We were sharing. Here was the big issue. All the food arrived ten minutes later. All at the same time. So what do I eat? The cold ? The hot? First the food was great . The black scrapple was beautiful and excellent but would be better for breakfast. The Wedge salad was a unique twist in presentation and it was stunning and all the ingredients were first rate but I don't like dill and it was in the dressing and not listed on the menu. Salt roasted beets were great served with shaved pears and watercress. The best item was the tempura Porgy . Fish and chips. Wow and double wow. Perfect crisp fresh fish and perfect fries. Friend got the Apple desert . The meal was very reasonable for the quality. We were in and out in less then an hour. I was not in a hurry. I just don't get it. And the restaurant never filled up. So how do I rate this? I loved it and was simultaneously disappointed.Good food and good service. The place is modern, clean and airy. Parking is metered outside on Walnut street. Very spacious ambience. 
All made with fresh ingredients and cooked or baked in house. Brunch was yummy. My made a special addition of salmon to my 2 poached eggs and toast. The cinnamon bun is to die for. Get one. You will thank me later. Rival Brothers coffee is the selection here. Excellent choice.
I did come here the very next week for my birthday dinner. Seafood tier was great. Fresh and tasty. Squid Ink pasta had a little kick to it but it was so good. Desserts were delicious. I did not know how they knew it was my birthday but thank You! It was excellent and I was super happy. My friend Ramon most likely made it happen. Thank you friend!
Walnut Street Cafe is one of the best additions to the Philly food scene. I can not wait to come back and try more menu items.All the pastries I've tried so far have been amazing, especially the pistachio cherry croissant.
Their coffee (rival bros) is also really good and smooth. The baristas definitely know what they're doing.
In terms of entrees, I've tried the salmon egg benedict and the kachapuri so far. I recommend the salmon egg benedict -- it's not made with your typical English muffin and instead it comes with this really soft bread and it's really good. I found the Kachapuri a bit salty.
Everyone on staff is super friendly and helpful. It does get busy so make a reservation if you can!- TIP:  Don't go out of your way to check them out for happy hour.  Their bar is tiny.
- CON: Stopped by for a late afternoon drink. Restaurant was empty, but the tiny bar had no open seats.  The host just said "there's nothing we can offer you".  That's completely understandable if they were full. But they were not (and they weren't booked either -- we checked)
- BOTTOM LINE: They think they're more important than they really are.A good addition to the restaurant scene in University City. We went for brunch on Saturday the first week the restaurant opened. We got a couple of pastries to start. The Kouign Amann and the Chocolate Babka were both excellent. My favorites of the day! For our main courses, we ordered the Scrapple and Salmon Benedict. Both were quite good. A little bit on the smaller side comparing to brunch from other restaurants. Our waitress was attentive throughout the meal. There were still some service kinks they should work on. I will definitely come back to try dinner here.Decent, the atmosphere is nice. 
Nice touch giving us a real walnut. Which I took home smashed and ate LOLBeautiful restaurant overlooking the Walnut St Bridge especially if you sit upstairs.  Food was excellent.  Had the foie grad tart which was a special and it was special!!  The pork loin was super tender and the hanger steak was superb.  The baked Alaska was pretty and delicious.  Had a wonderful time.Enjoyed an excellent meal with three academic colleagues after a talk.  We enjoyed good local craft beer on tap and in bottles, and found the wine list good but simply not for us after an effervescent lecture.  The staff were courteous and interesting, presenting themselves in lively and postmodern style, which helped make the meal even more interesting.   There was a great effort to accommodate a vegetarian in the group. though I enjoyed the pork loin (done to perfection, moist and tasty) after we shared appetizers (Brussels Sprouts and beets, shishito peppers and other morsels).  We also indulged in desserts, including a delicious ice cream sandwich on a perfect Zen circle of chocolate.  And the oolong tea to top it off was great too.Highly recommend this restaurant because of the amazing attentive service and creative new American cuisine.
The interior space is gorgeous and provides amazing sunset views of the city.
Also it's not noisy and easy to have conversation unlike many other restaurants in the city
I felt very welcome and taken care of from the moment I walked into this place.
I have not experienced this at any other restaurant in the city
Definitely going back to try lunch and also their Sunday brunch.So this is the thing.  I come here often for morning coffee.  That sometimes goes ok.  But over and over and over again (i keep coming b/c it's the only place by my job) they have 6-8 people behind the bar and NO ONE takes your order.  They are all tending to little side jobs, or simply have ZERO fire under them to take orders and keep it moving.  Michael is the exception, always on top of it.  PLEASE HIRE SOME BETTER STAFF.  I am a former restaurant owner, so i hesitate to give bad feedback to a new restaurant.  However, it's been open long enough to work out these kinks.  I won't visit anymore unless I'm in a major crunch, b/c today I stood there like an idiot for ten minutes, then finally left.  They have so many staffers greeting you warmly when you enter at the door and from there it goes downhill.Went just for happy hour. Loved the concept of the rotating Citywide Special and enjoyed the Bitburger/Underberg Thursday German offering. First drink was handled fine. When my spouse arrived and I went back to the bar to order again was when the problems started. Part of the problem appears to be that the bar is too small, so the three people working behind it had trouble getting what they needed. So service was extremely slow. Anyway, finally got two drinks set up on the bar to take outside. But I had to ask for a glass for the can of beer and a glass for the Underberg shot--things that had been provided by the same bartender with my first order. At that point I had 5 things on the bar--can, beer glass, mini-bottle, glass for the Underberg, and a Negroni (delicious by the way and on the list of $5 drinks)--but clearly only two hands. So I asked if I could borrow a tray. At that point the bartender, who had brought my first drink to me inside, which is why I thought that's how it worked, said she could bring them out. OK. Until several minutes later we realized she had poured and brought out the glass of beer but not the can, which held the last 25% of the drink. When we went in to retrieve it, another bartender said, "Oh, it was sitting on the bar for a while and then I recycled it." Points for earth-friendliness, I guess.
So, overall: The bar scene is lively, the inside space is attractive, the outside space is nice, the drinks are good, and the happy hour prices are amazingly low. The two happy hour snacks we ordered (sausage rolls--great; pretzel pieces with beer cheese--just decent) were fairly priced and promptly delivered to our outside table. But they haven't figured out how to run the bar yet. I hope they do. I want to love this place but so far they've made that difficult.It's a new brunch spot ideal for big friend groups or taking out-of-town friends. The decor is very well put together. It's like retro futuristic. The ceiling is super high and there's an outdoor seating area. 
The brunch pricing isn't that pricy despite the decor as everything was under $15 (except for steak and eggs for $19). 
Some creative items like black scrapple and some classics like eggs benedict.
I'm not the biggest advocate for philly culinary traditions such as the scrapple but! I must say that the black scrapple served with an fried egg and black rice and toasted hazelnut was my favorite dish out of 4 we ordered. It was something I've never had before and probably would go back for it. 
Carbonara was the egg yolky kind, not the creamy alfredo type. Portion was rather small as I was invading my friends' dishes after I was done with mine. Probably nothing to write home about but I was just craving yolky carbonara (could use some more coarse pepper!). 
Pork belly sandwich is pretty much what you want from a good sandwich. Soft toasted brioche buns, crispy outside and soft inside thick cuts of pork belly, refreshing cole slaw adding crunch. Also served with great fries! 
The khachuri was basically a giant open face panini. The bread is what takes the classic ham and cheese combo to the next level. It is reminiscent of auntie anne's cheese pretzel dogs' shells. It's crispy on the outside with savoriness of cheese permeating through the dough. 
They also have take out coffee counter inside by the bar. They use rival bros beans. 
The servers are quite attentive and friendly! 
Also dogs are allowed in the patio, just not inside. 
Overall, a solid brunch spot! Check out the black scrapple!Loved the chilled zucchini soup with fried squash blossom. The bread and olive oil were delicious. The other dishes I've tried have been good as well (lemon ricotta toast, pork toast, desserts), but the soup's still my favorite.Had dinner at the Walnut Street Cafe for the first time on Saturday night. The space is lovely and service was professional (with one possible exception, to be noted here later). The food was creative and quite tasty, though a bit pricey for the rather small portion sizes that did not include any sides. Butternut squash soup was delicious, as were our entrees: hangar steak, black bass and chicken Marsala. Extra sides of squash and mushrooms were quite good as well. Prices for wine by the glass were rather high. Service was not rushed, and we declined coffee and dessert -- so we were somewhat surprised when, just after paying the bill, a server (not our own) came over to our table, interrupted our conversation and asked us to vacate so another party could be seated. We were in fact about to do so anyhow, but we had not even been sitting there a full two hours. (What if we'd ordered dessert?!) She added that we could sit at the bar and have drinks (apparently at our own expense) if we wanted (we didn't). Up until then we'd had a pleasant dining experience, but that diminished it, and just cost them a star in this review. I don't think two hours is an unreasonable amount of time to expect for a Saturday night dinner at an upscale restaurant, especially when it cost over $120 per couple for not a whole lot of food & drink.Phenomenal. Sat as the chef's counter, which was perfect for a solo lunch. The cooks and chef were chatty, made recommendations on the menu (Zucchini Soup - I don't even like Zucchini and I'm dreaming about it) Server was incredibly attentive, friendly and knowledgable and when she didn't know something (a wine pairing recommendation) she was quick to bring over the sommelier who was able to make a recommendation. I can't wait to go back to try more of the menu items.Great bread, excellent ravioli, good chicken. Beets meh. Great friendly wait staff. If a bit overeager. 
Desserts: huge portions cherry pie and panna cotta both outstanding. 
We are good snobs from San Francisco. This place gets the west coast thumbs up!!Stellar ambiance. Less than stellar experience. While the food and service was good, I think the whole package was a let down. WSC is the new kid in town with some Michelin stars. I expected a little more from the menu. The wine was too sweet (and I was THAT customer to kindly tell them... the waiter removed it from the bill... not a big deal, but I was looking forward to a nice, full red wine). The appetizers were a bit on the small side, although delicious. I got the ricotta ravioli. The pasta itself was not al dente - a little on the firm side. However, the brown butter sauce was tasty and the ricotta filling was tasty. We ordered a few veggie side dishes. The mushrooms were meaty and the carrots were glazed well. The dessert was DIVINE. I do not recommend ordering the chocolate pot de creme and the apple slab pie together. The flavors do not mesh well, BUT that was a mistake on our part! Overall, dessert was delivered. Regarding the service, the waitstaff was timely and jovial. The meal was served quickly. Overall, enjoyable experience. I would go back again. But I would certainly do it differently. I think only for brunch.The food was great! My steak was cooked to perfection. However, the service SUCKED. I ordered coffee but had to wait forever for a re-fill. The waitress that took our drink order basically forgot about us. Another waiter came up when he saw our upset faces and took our food order. After that no one really checked on us. Oh yeah they re-filled our water glasses and cleared our plates, but no smile, no words, barely made eye contact. I'll never go back.I came here for dinner and brunch. I'd give 5 stars for the food and 3 stars for the service. 
For dinner, I love their lasagna with veal and trumpet mushrooms and the Hanger steak that's perfectly cooked medium rare. Out of the three desserts that I ordered (ice cream sandwich, ice cream with Kouign Amann and buttermilk chocolate hazelnut Panna cotta with coffee ice cream), my favorite is the chocolate hazelnut Panna cotta.
I came here for brunch especially to try their Khachapuri and delighted to have their Khachapuri with ham, feta cheese and egg. The bread is soft and savory, but I'd love to have more cheese on it. I truly enjoyed the Carbonara with smoked pancetta, pecorino and beech mushrooms. The pasta is perfectly cooked al dente. 
I also love their chocolate hazelnut Kouign Amman and pistachio cherry croissants.Painful. Went for brunch and were excited to try it since it seemed like a cool location. Seated in a two top in the area near the bar and slowly a band began to set up and we found ourselves squished between the band setting up and the folks at the bar. It took a long time to get served and never even got a place setting until after our food arrived. But the real oddity was the food which wasn't accurate. We ordered the oatmeal with berries which came out as oatmeal with a side of raisins. We questioned this since the menu clearly said 'berries' and were told that these were berries because there were a few dried cherries in with the raisins. huh? (fact check: Neither dried cherries or raisins are berries). So we asked about it and the staff challenged this (saying that dried cherries were berries!) and offered a side of berries that we would have to pay for. Eventually a comped set of berries arrived. A woman sitting at the bar had an argument with the hostess about something - not sure what - but it appeared they had been forgotten while waiting for a table. (I believe it.) There are so many better places to brunch.Very disappointed in every aspect. Food. Service. Atmosphere. Pricing. 
I went after read positive review. I honestly cannot figure out the review after my experience.This was our first time here and we had an absolutely wonderful experience! Its such a cozy place and the decor is fresh and unique! Our waitress was Cornelia, hands down one of the best services we've ever experienced. She was so pleasant, cheerful, attentive, and great at her job! Our favorite items off the menu were the Khachapuri and Chocolate Hazelnut pot de creme! A must if you are here for brunch! Overall great brunch and will surely be back!Disappointing. Waiter was uninterested & inattentive.
Woman manager did her best to fill in waiter gaps.
Food -very mediocre.
Not returning.extremely small portions of food for the price we were paying. Service was not exceptional in any way. I only gave them another star because the decor was okay. If you want expensive, mediocre, and small portioned food, along with extravagant interior design, then this place is for youHave had some of the best meals in my life at the new WSC!  A must dine spot in Phila!A little out of the way, but delightful place for a nice brunch and cappuccinos. Nice jazz on Sundays. The breakfast sandwich with sausage/avocado and kachapuri are quite good. The eggs benedict is interestingly prepared (on toast, not very elaborate, but tasty ham and hollandaise) great pastries though sometimes they run out of the popular ones early. Have tried the pistachio cherry croissant, scone, cinnamon roll, and the baked Alaska is awesome. Dinner is also good.Menu is terrible. Service is worse (arguably the worst service you'll experience at any restaurant). Terrible layout, with the bar being on a tight corner with no space, while the main seating area is usually barren. Please, please, please, rip this place down and put a half decent establishment here. Almost every business in the FMC Tower hates this place and walks across the bridge for happy hour and dinner.Came in a few weeks ago for brunch. Hostess took us to the bar facing the window where we were promised table service instead of going on the long waitlist. After 30 minutes, no one had come to even give us menus and the hostess didn't seem to notice either. When I went to the hostess stand to check in with her, she apologized and within ten minutes sat us at the bar in front of the kitchen. The most helpful and pleasant service interactions we had were with the line cooks, who were happy to suggest their favorite brunch dishes and turned our whole experience around.heard good things from friends and went on a whim with a girlfriend of mine.  The restaurant was beautifully decorated and very clean.   The floors are white!  We asked our waiter for a wine recommendation - he sent the sommelier over who helped us pick a delicious bottle of red.  We shared the heirloom toast for an app - the tomatos were  fresh and tasty.   We had salads - I had the farro with truffle vinegarette which was awesome, and large!  (Definitely share a salad).  The only critique I have is that there was a little too much dressing.   My friend had the wedge salad with blue cheese and bacon and said it was great as well (also large).   We each had pasta dishes for mains. My friend had the arrabiata with rock shrimp, I tasted it and it was fantastic also a very big serving.  I had the butter not squash tortellini they were also magical. My only criticism was that portion was small, there were only about 10 tortellini. Thinking back now I'm wondering if I got the appetizer portion. It was OK though because I was full from the salad and the apps. We split the bill and after tip it was $100. A little pricey but well worth it. I will definitely be be back, there were about 10 or 12 things on the menu I want to try including the other pastas, the hanger steak, the bass, and of course the raw bar.Went on Sunday for jazz brunch and absolutely loved!! The staff was extremely friendly and knowledgeable.  The restaurant itself is beautiful.  Extensive wine list and delicious food! I recommend checking out the roof top around the corner at Cira Green afterwards or before for a beautiful park and view of the city! We will definitely be back!Nice food but horrible hostess. We checked open table before arriving and seeing that all time slots were available we assumed no reservation would be required. However, once we arrived the hostess very rudely informed us we needed a reservation and could only seat a group of four at the bar or by putting two tiny cafe tables together. We wanted to have a relaxed sit down lunch as a family so we asked if we could just wait for a table but she said it was not even possible to wait! I then went on open table and was able to make a reservation for 15 minutes later. After telling her this, she continued to insist it was not possible to seat us at a table even though I now had a confirmed reservation! She could not provide us with an explanation of why the system allowed us to make a reservation and she still couldn't seat us. If we had done the same thing before walking in what would she have said?? It was totally baffling. After some time and continuing to insist there was nothing she could do, she finally allowed us to sit upstairs above the cafe where there were four empty tables. After this horrible experience with the hostess, we had fine service by the rest of the team.Came here for lunch recently and was finally able to try the food, however, nothing really stood out to me enough to want to return except for going back for happy hour drinks, and the service was lacking.
I agree with several of the other reviews that the service is just...off.  They dress more professional than other places so it seems like the caliber of service should be better (plus the host was super formal, almost like a maître d'), but it just wasn't.  Like, they just don't have their shit together.  We came during peak lunch hour for a business meeting and it actually wasn't even that busy, maybe only a few tables there besides us, yet everything seemed to take forever.  They actually forgot about us, I think, which is hard considering it was a group of 5.  For starters, the host sat us and dropped our menus saying the server would be right with us, which they weren't in a decent amount of minutes.  When he walked by again, we asked where she was and he just ended up taking our drink orders at least and then walking away.  Then more time passes, we finally get our drinks, but still no actual server in sight, so we remind him that we'd like to order food, since we're on a tight one-hour lunch break for work, so he goes to get her and now returns not one, but TWO servers (presumably her and the guy she's training).  She takes our food orders, then mere minutes later ANOTHER random server comes by to take our food order and we're like umm we already did.  The whole thing was so unorganized for having that many people on staff at the same time.
The food was okay, nothing memorable.  My burger was pretty good but overpriced and small.  Dessert menu is actually very expansive and all sounded delicious, so perhaps that part of the menu is worth exploring.Beautiful interior, good coffee, delicious Spelt & Raspberry Jam Scone that's not overly sweet. The inside of the scone was really moist and amazing. I wish I could've tried something from their breakfast menu instead of just from their pastry counter, but sadly we didn't have the time when we came.   Next time!After reading many glowing reviews we decided to try this restaurant last night. The place itself is lovely and comfortable. The noise level was moderate, so talking across the table was not a problem. But the food we had was hit or miss. For appetizers we had beef tartare- it was delicious; a cheese plate-also delicious, and a chicory salad--this was a real disappointment. The salad ingredients themselves were great, but there was what seemed like less than a thimble full of dressing on them, so it all tasted like dry grass. No one at the table wanted to eat more than a bite or two. For entrees we had braised beef, which was okay but nothing special. The Black Sea bass over lentils, however, was one of the best dishes I've had in years. The two of us who ordered this were really pleased.  The food here is a bit pricey (three appetizers, three entrees, two glasses of wine and no dessert for $220 with tip) so everything served should be great, not just some of it.The hyped Walnut Street Café is a difficult restaurant for me to assign stars to.  Yes the Philadelphia Inquirer food critic raved about it but then he liked that Pigeon place in Queen Village which has similar all-day food aspirations and where I had one of the worst meals in the last year.  Well fortunately the multi-faceted Walnut Street Café is def better but the experience began all wrong and causes me to not give four stars which is probably near where it might have been.  When I entered the Walnut Street Café and asked about the Restaurant Week menu the host really snarkily said - "Well I assume that's why you're here."  Well he doesn't need to assume anything, just be polite and answer the simple question.  Then being seated without a look or a word in a less than half-filled restaurant, no one approached the table for 10 minutes.  Say what?  Yeah .... people kept walking by but no one stopped to take an order or say I'll be right with you.  Finally at the 10 minute mark I flagged an employee down who reluctantly took the order but I never saw her again.  Well that's okay because then a really cool and friendly waitress must have been assigned to the table and everything went much better from that point on.
The chicory salad with an orange vinaigrette started off the meal nicely and the accompanying homemade focaccia bread was light and fluffy.  The main porchetta and provolone sandwich served with French fries was also fine and the lunch closed with a delicious buttermilk panna cotta.  This was a solid Restaurant Week menu and the whole experience was saved by a friendly waitress.  But to the Walnut Street Café - eliminate pretentious airs and comments when greeting a customer and don't let a table sit for ten minutes with no acknowledgement.  Then you'll deserve more stars!When I arrived I was immediately greeted by a somewhat disheveled host not in appearance but ability. I don't understand why as there was only one person in line in front of me. It seem to be a problem with either his ability to handle more than one thing at a time or the iPad had connectivity issues. Because I was a party of one I was seated in the area that seems more like the bistro breakfast area instead the dining room. Not too happy with that but let's roll with it.
Initially I thought only the host seemed to be out of order or sorts however, the discombobulation continued to be the order of service throughout my encounter with the Walnut St., Café.  With several servers attending a maximum of 15 people inside and 6 outside The service did not appear to be fluid nor the workers in sync with one another. Although several people may have filled your glass, delivered your food or your check it was a quite spaced out before you received any of the services mentioned. For example my server acknowledged me ending my meal and asking for a box for my food at 10:05 I didn't receive my check until 10:25, this was after flagging down another worker.
I ordered the Pork Belly sandwich it was served on a brioche bun with Cole slaw that had way too much mayo or salad dressing. I will guess mayonnaise as it had no flavor. It was all 'cole' and no slaw! The sandwich as a whole lacked flavor or texture. How does pork Belly lack taste? Not one hint of salt? Although I am not a person who enjoys the taste of salt you do expect that in pork products.  The fries however were hot and tasty. I was impressed they served complementary sparkling water this is highly unusual but necessary as I was unimpressed with my meal and the service! The slow service deterred me from ordering more items from the bakery or a glass wine. I had to feed the parking meter, this was not a dining experience worthy of a ticket. The soft jazz and R&B music that played in the background set a nice mood, it wasn't too loud or offensive in any way. As I was leaving I learned they have live jazz every Sunday 12-3. They have live jazz and a bar, I may try it again?!Beautiful place with a wonderful menu but awful, awkward service wrecked the evening. Waited almost 30 mins for wine, waiter was not attentive nor accommodating. Good food + bad service equals not another visit.Walnut Street Cafe excels at providing a classy, upscale meal that will leave you satisfied.  Having eaten almost everything on the menu, I can say the kitchen executes well on almost every dish; which is why this restaurant earns 5 stars.  I recommend visiting for Dinner or Brunch, leaving plenty of time to enjoy.   From a menu perspective, the Porterhouse (for 2) and the Flounder are both highlights on the menu.  Both dishes are exceptionally tasty and worth an Uber across the city to enjoy. 
The wine and drink selection, like the menu, is fairly well executed across the board.  I found myself enjoying its cocktails, great wine selection, and excellent coffee on multiple evenings.  The restaurant takes special care of allergies, and was able to handle my gluten allergy with ease; even having gluten-free focaccia bread available.  
For the price, I think this restaurant delivers but needs to take care to ensure service doesn't slip.  In the twenty some visits, I've had a couple of interactions where I felt my table wasn't getting enough attention from the staff.  Ultimately I think this restaurant will be elevated or destroyed by it's ability to improve service.  Great start though, and I highly recommend Walnut St Cafe.The place looked so pretty from the outside so I finally decided to dine there for lunch. It was a gorgeous place with beautiful architecture and hotel-like feeling. The servers were kind but different server came each time we needed something - so it was a bit tiring to keep reminding them what we needed. (I had to tell them multiple times that we wanted our patries at the same time as the burger.) We ordered the burger and it was a bit too salty for my taste. However, the egg benedict was excellent! The salmon in the egg benedict was just perfect. Although it was a great experience at Walnut Street Cafe, I would not go there again - the service was rather confusing and not very prompt and the food was great but too expensive for the quality of the food.Good place for happy hour drinks if you're nearby. It occupies this nice niche where you can find an upscale happy hour w/ nice ambiance and professional/friendly service just a few blocks from campus. I've been here almost exclusively for happy hours since the food here is pricey w/ small portions. The few occasions I have ordered have been happy hour bites (not bad) and a few "entrees"/apps here and there. However, the dessert section has always stood out to me. Their takes on the ice cream sandwich and apple pie (w/ ice cream) were delicious, upscale takes on classic desserts and worth the price.You've probably heard about the newest gal in town. Not only does Walnut Street Cafe have a Michelin star-backed pedigree in the kitchen, but she's certainly pretty. Gorgeously designed and located on the ground level of the FMC Tower at Cira Center South, Walnut Street Cafe's sleek, bright, and open. A quick five-minute walk from Rittenhouse, you'll feel right at home whether you're enjoying pastries and coffee at the bar area or enjoying the view of the open kitchen during lunch and dinner service. So yes, Walnut Street's an all-day affair!
Who are they exactly? I'd be remiss if I didn't exalt the team behind Walnut Street Cafe. While having dinner here, the GF and I had the chance to chat with proprietor Branden McRill & Chef Daniel Eddy. Branden's co-owner of Michelin-starred Rebelle in NYC, with his experience reading off like a litany of "It" restaurants and restaurateurs (read: Alinea, Blackbird, Danny Meyer, Jean-Georges Vongerichten to name a few). Chef Eddy began with Michael Psilakis, ultimately landing in Paris to work extensively with Daniel Rose. French technique intact, Eddy eventually returned to NY to team up with Branden at Rebelle. And with this move to Philly, their dynamic team is seeking to satiate Philly's palates without any pretense or pretension. Think delicious food and evident technique in a convivial, relaxed atmosphere.  
Bread Service
House-baked focaccia, olive oil 
Our meal started off with house-baked focaccia, with a perfectly bubbled crust and enjoyably airy within. Not overly perfumed or salted, this went great with the accompanying olive oil. 
Dominican Wedding [$14]
Mole bitters, yellow chartreuse, PX sherry, mezcal 
I'm a sucker for drinks with chocolate bitters, so was obviously intrigued by the mole bitters. A bit of smoke from the mezcal married well (get it?) with the sweetness from the Pedro Ximenez and chartreuse, with the mole bitters rounding things out. 
Cold Crush [$14]
Lemon, cinnamon, grapefruit, rum, soda 
The GF's tipple offered easy drinking for the summer. The rum tempered the citrus nicely, with a bit of light effervescence from the soda. 
Ricotta and Lemon Toast [$7]
Forget avocado toast - Walnut Street Cafe's ricotta with preserved lemons and parsley hit all the right notes. Especially the case on top of Chef Eddy's perfected multi-grain toast. Somehow hearty, yet light, and with the right amount of texture without losing any moisture. 
Iceberg Salad [$12]
Bacon, sun-dried tomatoes, blue cheese 
I have no qualms about ordering salad when they're adorned and dressed like this. This horizontal wedge eschews the uninteresting parts of the Iceberg, with crisp, unctuous bacon lardons, bright red onion, roasted sun-dried tomatoes, and plenty of blue cheese interspersed perfectly within every bite. Acid, texture, fat, freshness - it was all there.
Lasagna [$16]
Veal ragu, toasted hazelnuts, thyme 
We were simply stunned by the lasagna. Sorry Philly - it's not all about the Sunday Gravy or red sauce, because Eddy's white sauce is where it's at. Another summer delight, this dish offers all the enjoyably crispy bits of pasta, with plenty of savory notes from the thyme and veal ragu, along with additional texture and wonderful mouthfeel from the hazelnut. This is a must order.
Black Bass [$24]
Cranberry beans, sauce piperade 
Gorgeously plated, the black bass was firm and moist, with crisp, seasoned skin. Cranberry beans provided nice heft to the dish, with plenty of acid and subtle sweetness from the stew of tomatoes, green peppers, and onions. 
Hangar Steak [$26]
Salsa verde, sauce bordelaise 
I appreciated that the hangar wasn't prototypically overly marinated and Chef Eddy allowed the beautiful cut to shine. Steak is appropriately executed sans salt crust, which would have detracted from the flavorful beefiness of the steak. And frankly there was plenty of salty hits of savoriness from the salsa verde, which emanated plenty of caper and anchovy essence.
Honey-Roasted Carrots [$8]
A veritable garden of gorgeous rainbow carrots were honey-roasted and grilled to hit the sweet and earthy notes to nicely complement the main. 
Buttermilk Panna Cotta [$9]
Pistachio crumble, strawberry sorbet
Walnut Street Cafe has a force in Pastry Chef cum Babka Queen Melissa Weller. You'll swoon with the panna cotta. It's set with a light acidic tang from the buttermilk, nutty texture from the pistachio crumble, tart sweetness from the strawberry sorbet, and gorgeous blackberries that were seemingly macerated in a bit of honey. Beautifully plated and a light way to end a wonderful meal.
The kitchen was clearly on point, especially considering it had just opened. Service was also exceptional all-around. Our server Amanda was affable, with great recommendations and knowledge of the menu. I know I'll be back again soon not just for dinner. They've got patio dining so pretty sure we have our new go-to for when we take Porter on his morning walks by Cira GreenThe food at Walnut Street Cafe has generally been somewhere between ok to good. BUT some pros: ridiculously cute place, convenient location (for me at least), and generally good (albeit sometimes slow) service. 
One other very big point in the Pro side though is that their pastries are EXTRAORDINARY. I've had more than one but let me point out my favorite: The chocolate hazelnut kouign aman was flaky, sweet but not overly sweet to my taste, rich, and sooooo delicious.
If you're around for a snack or for breakfast/brunch, trust me, get a pastry and you will not be disappointed!Just had a wonderful dinner at Walnut Street Cafe. The food, service, and ambiance were all excellent. It was definitely one of the best meals I've had in Philly. I highly recommend a visit from anywhere in the city. The staff was incredibly friendly and helpful. The cocktails and food were delicious. My wife and I will be back soon - and many times after that. Though it will be hard to not just get the hangar steak every time, I look forward to trying the other options on the menu!Staff was not friendly - no one. I'm Canadian and I'm pretty easy going. They were rude. Service was slow and would not go back as a result. We got a few drinks and a few apps and it took 2 hours so we could get the heck out to go have a nice meal somewhere else.I had my birthday brunch at Walnut Street Cafe because I really wanted to take my dog to brunch with me. I made reservations and asked for the patio and it was perfect. I had a latte to start my brunch off and got oysters, shrimp cocktail, and the burger. I enjoyed a pint of New Belgium Citradelic IPA with my burger which was cooked perfectly to medium rare. Multiple servers came to check on me and even asked if my dog needed water. I will definitely be coming back for happy hour on the patio with my dog! Service was friendly and attentive.Very disappointed for lunch after my coworker told me he previously had a great lunch there.
Waiters were poor and food took too long to serve.  When I did get my hamburger is was lacking and fries were cold.  It had been sitting.  Hamburger was not great anyway as we all felt that had it.  For $15 a good restaurant should be able to serve a good hamburger.
Was just very "ehhh...", none of us like our lunches and took way too long.
Probably will avoid this place in the future.  For the expensive price tag, really not worth it.Before going to brunch at Walnut St Cafe, I had heard conflicting takes on the restaurant. Many people said they loved it, but others claimed it was overrated. One of the main complaints from the latter group is that the menu was too standard and lacked the creativity of many popular brunch spots. 
I have to admit that when I first saw the menu, I was hesitant. There weren't many vegetarian options and the few that they did have looked very basic. I went for the breakfast sandwich with avocado and brioche french toast.
Those are definitely standard brunch options, but the execution was anything but standard. Both were really delicious and had perfect textures. They may have been simple dishes, but the quality set them apart. The breakfast sandwich was on a tasty, buttery biscuit, the scrambled egg was cooked perfectly, and the avocado was fresh. Just writing this description is making me crave it again!
The french toast was also very tasty (to be fair, it's hard to go wrong with sugar and bread), but the consistency is again where it stood out. The outside was thick and crusty but the inside was dense and cakey. 
The only thing I was disappointed about was that they were out of their chocolate hazelnut Kouign Amman which is supposed to be fantastic. I'll definitely try this next time I go back. 
So, while yes, the menu items are standard and perhaps lack imagination, the food is still delicious, and that's what really matters to me. What's wrong with simple if it's done really well?
The atmosphere is also great at Walnut Street Cafe. It has many large windows, so the restaurant is bright and feels open. It's done has a very trendy look - marble all over, touches of art deco revival with lots of brass and cool light fixtures, and mid-century inspired furniture.Great pastries and solid breakfast options. Lunch was really great here too. Amazing creative salad. Just a nice atmosphere with good food, in a challenging location. Wish it was open earlier on the weekend.Wonderful room. Ideal brunch spot overlooking Penn Park on the Walnut st bridge. Simple elegant menu. Live Jazz from 12 noon till 3pm on weekends.Dined here last week with a friend who is a regular. We were warmly greeted and well-taken care of all night. The space is beautiful and offered a great view of the torrential rain storm that was impending. As it was, the weather forced us to linger for hours, which wasn't a bad thing. My friend is very wine-knowledgeable and the sommelier offered her wonderful selections. My old fashioneds were excellent. We started with the mushroom/leek flatbread, oysters (her, not me...still can't get on board with them) and lobster bisque. Each was excellent. For main course, we both got the brown butter ravioli, elevated by a hint of light citrus and mint. We inhaled them!! Too full for dessert, so just got coffee- mine was lukewarm...and really the only miss in an otherwise lovely evening.I'm not totally sure about my three star review. I definitely will go back for dinner one day, but for now... probably will pass on lunch and stick with a solid three stars. 
My family and I came here for lunch last Wednesday. I was told reservations were strongly recommended, but when we arrived it was just us and two other couples there. The lunch menu offers a lot which was nice! 
All three of us ordered the lobster bisque to start. Here is where they completely lost me.. $12 for soup. Okay, must have some pretty tasty pieces of lobster in there, right? No. One piece of lobster per soup and the rest bisque. How in the world can you charge that much for soup for one rinky dink piece of seafood? Crazy. My parents orders the hamburger w/ bacon. Both weren't a fan. I did however enjoy my veggie sandwich a lot! The bourbon smash was fabulous too. Blended great. 
I've heard great things about Walnut Street Cafe so I'm not out the door just yet, but definitely don't recommend the lobster bisque.Had brunch here with some friends today and was quite disappointed with the entire experience. They were "sold out" of many things including the burger and eggs benedict. Not sure how that even happens one hour into brunch service. Our drinks came at least 20 minutes after we ordered them and we were never offered refills on our coffee during the two hours we were at the table. Our food took an amazingly long time to arrive and and was room temperature when we did finally get it. I was offered hot sauce which never materialized and on top of all of this, there were fruit flies everywhere, jumping into coffee cups and landing on our water glasses. I expected a lot more from this place. The decor and live music were lovely, but those things don't make up for the major problems they have.Beautiful decor and decent food. VERY inexperienced management and staff--the hostess spent 5 mins poking around on the computer before even greeting us. While waiting for a table my friend wanted a glass of water and the coffee bar guy don't even have water available and it took him a full 10 mins to grab water from the kitchen. Finally we sat down and one of the waitress was so shaky while carrying food the customers has to grab the dishes from her because her arms might give out at any moment. For the prices they charge I expected WAY better service to compliment the amazing interior designNot one bit impressed ! First time in my life my husband and I went home and heated up
leftovers . So tired of places getting a good name when they don't deserve it .I'm from New York and come to Philadelphia often. Ive been servicing restaurants for over 30 years.
This is our favorite place to eat the food is top notch and the staff is amazing especially the manager Kalel ( I hope I spelt it right) he always goes above and beyond to make sure everything is going well.
We always stop to eat here when we're in Philly, you must try defineltly five starsFood here is fantastic (been for both dinner and brunch), and the cocktails are much better than most places we've been to in Philly.Nice food but horrible hostess. We checked open table before arriving and seeing that all time slots were available we assumed no reservation would be required. However, once we arrived the hostess very rudely informed us we needed a reservation and could only seat a group of four at the bar or by putting two tiny cafe tables together. We wanted to have a relaxed sit down lunch as a family so we asked if we could just wait for a table but she said it was not even possible to wait! I then went on open table and was able to make a reservation for 15 minutes later. After telling her this, she continued to insist it was not possible to seat us at a table even though I now had a confirmed reservation! She could not provide us with an explanation of why the system allowed us to make a reservation and she still couldn't seat us. If we had done the same thing before walking in what would she have said?? It was totally baffling. After some time and continuing to insist there was nothing she could do, she finally allowed us to sit upstairs above the cafe where there were four empty tables. After this horrible experience with the hostess, we had fine service by the rest of the team.Bad service. Bad food. Bad overall. Amateur waiters. Long food wait times. Spend your money elsewhere. If i could give this place a negative 5 stars I would.The place seem nice, but the floors were dirty (the waiter said they sweep after every shift but it doesn't seem so) it need a good sweep and mop down. Fruit flies was hovering over our table and the dishes they serve our food wasn't properly clean but the staff was nice. They offer a different table once we point out the nats ( they were overbearing)Enjoyed an outstanding Saturday brunch here.  The decor and atmosphere are pretty and calm and perfect.  My cappucino was great.  The shakshuka was flavorful with nice spice.  The service was friendly and outstanding.This was a lively brunch, the drinks were strrong the food was decent..... the service was a little slow and the prices a bit high but we thoroughly enjoyed ourselves and will be back-I was underwhelmed with my first visit to Walnut Street Café. I stopped in for a rather impromptu, quick happy hour while waiting for the doors at World Café Live to open for the show I was seeing. The happy hour menu offered about 4-5 $5 lite bites, 2 $5 cocktails, a $5 wine, and a $2 Miller Lite Pony. Unimpressed, I veered away from the specials and opted for draft. They've got about 6-7 decent beers on tap, and about 12 different varieties of cans and bottles. Most of the beers come from local breweries which is pretty awesome. 
After I downed my Sly Fox draft,  I really wanted one of the Miller Pony's. Unfortunately they didn't have any. I was pretty bummed that they didn't at least offer an alternative or give me a heads up when I sat down, especially since I arrived early in the Happy Hour. 
The bar is small, but the stools are super comfy! I feel like they're attempting to achieve a classy vibe, and I'd say they're about half there. Many of the waitstaff appeared miserable. It was rather noisy, too. It's bright and big, but the bar, specifically, felt cramped. My seat on the end was right next to a bussing station, so I had my date on the left, and on the right, two college aged staff members complaining about life and wrapping silverware. Our bartender was a nice, quiet girl - rather attentive, and obviously very focused on her job. 
I didn't order any food, and I didn't get a chance to see a menu, so I can't speak to the prices or options. I might be keen to give this place a second chance if someone else suggested it, but I'm not sure I'd go out of my way to go here myself. The thing Walnut St Café has going for it is the location; the pickings are pretty slim for places within reasonable walking distance of 30th street station.The manager here, Jane, is terrible. She was rude and dismissive to our party. I will not be spending my time or money here ever gain. Food was mediocre and service was less than satisfactory.The first thing you notice about walnut st cafe is the beautiful decor. Whoever designed it did a good job. I started my meal with a cocktail and Whipped Pork, Multigrain Toast. The cocktail was very good, the toast was just ok. Too much of the whipped pork on it. For my entree i had the Grilled Pork Loin. It was a perfectly cooked to medium, juicy, piece of pork. The broccoli rabe, black rice, romesco  that came on the side did not match the brilliance of the meat. I also was able to taste the chicken entree. Another perfectly cooked piece if meat that reminds you how good chicken can be in the right chef's hands. I had the Apple pie for dessert. It was good, but could have been better if the crust wasn't so hard. 
With minor improvements this could be a five star restaurant. The meats were incredible. The rest needs some minor tweaking to garner my 5 star rating.4.5 stars for the food and 1.5 stars for the service.  The decor is fabulous and the food is very good, but the service is unbearable.  We went for dinner and the place was roughly half full and it was slow from start to finish - to the point where we canceled a round of drinks and just asked for the check because it was taking so long - soon after we found out that the waitress didn't put the order in and was just chatting upfront with the hostess.  I want this place to succeed because the wine list, cocktails, and food are all very good.  All they need is more attentive service, but for the time being, there are too many other great restaurants in Philadelphia for equal or lesser price.This place is severely overpriced. I've been here for happy hour and breakfast a few times. The drink specials are pretty standard for Philly, but nothing really stands out. I love the Kouign-amann here, but everything else is pretty meh.
Do you want to pay $13 for a mediocre breakfast sandwich? If so, this is your place. Otherwise, thank you, next.Stopped in hungry after a long train ride into town and were seated right away - and they even checked our bags for us, which was awesome. So, I don't want to write a bad review...but after that the service was just so bad.
We were seated with no menus. Our server asked if we wanted coffee, and we ordered two teas (not realizing they were $6 each...not for a large pot...but for a small pot for one - probably wouldn't have made that choice with a menu). Then we sat there longer before having to ask for menus to see from another server, because ours was MIA. Then, we waited for so long for our drinks and to order, that we finally flagged down our waiter to get our drinks to go - and his response was curt and something about how they had to time it right (but sitting for 15-20 minutes waiting for tea and a chance to even order is definitely not 'timing it right'. Another friendly server stepped in, brought us our drinks, and ran the card.
Food looked good, but bad service and expensive, so I wouldn't recommend.We came for happy hour and we're seated in the happy hour/bar section.  This space is really nice, hip, and upscale.  The happy hour is 4-7PM and very limited with 3 food options and $2 east coast oysters.  We opted for 2 orders of the $6 tempura battered fish.  The portions were quite small but definitely sufficient.  I also ordered their take on the "city wide special"; a shot of rye and a bottle of Yards Pale Ale for $5.  They served the beer with a 10oz glass so assuming it was sufficient size to hold the bottle I clumsily overflowed it so be careful! 
After the fish we were still hungry so my wife and I split a large order of pumpkin ravioli for $17.  WOW.  This dish was spot on and delicious.  Homemade, hand stuffed ravioli filled with creamy pumpkin and served in a delicious brown butter sauce topped with fresh chopped herbs and pumpkin seeds.  
This is a place we will definitely return to for dinner.Came here to get some work done and was presently surprised. The cafe portion of the restaurant has lots of natural sunlight making it nice and bright. It's also pretty quiet so it's easy to concentrate. Added bonus: the interior is super cute so you can get plenty of good Instagram pictures while sipping your latte and pretending to workI was really excited to visit this place given the great reviews... but the food was so/so. I went with friends for brunch on a Saturday morning & ordered the French toast. It was literally only bread with powdered sugar. There wasn't any cinnamon, spices, fruit.. very plain and bland. I also ordered a pineapple mimosa, but we all agreed that it was just a regular orange mimosa. The Bloody Mary was good though. 
The inside of the restaurant is very cute & elegant. Definitely has a good vibe for hanging out but I don't think the food is worth the price.I'm updating my previous review, from 4 to 5 stars. Our last few meals here, which includes brunch last Sunday and dinner this evening, have all been outstanding. Tonight, between two of us, we shared a crab cake, ceasar salad, for starter. For our entrees we had the hanger steak with roasted cauliflower and chicken remoulade. Every dish was delicious but the crab cake was the best I've ever had. For dessert we shared the pear hand pie and we both enjoyed a rich, flavorful americano. We are looking forward to leftovers for lunch tomorrow! The service was friendly, appropriately attentive and the atmosphere was relaxing. Highly recommend this place!Cute atmosphere and decent brunch spot! We sat at the counter which works well for small groups. This classic American brunch place had good food, great coffee, and the service was fairly quick.Beautiful space and a great non-CC option.  Had Sunday brunch and had a great meal myself but my co-diners were not as pleased.  I had the steak and egg - a simple yet perfectly executed version of this classic.  We did run into some service and delivery mishaps though.  Had to ask 3 times for a lemon wedge.  The server did bring it eventually but did not offer any apology for having forgotten the first two times.  A co-diner had eggs ordered a specific way that came out over cooked and had to be re-done (this took a really long time).  If they can work out a few bugs in the service then this will be a real winner.The beauty... the perfection.... some things are too pure to describe. I love this place. I think about going again all the time. When I am at my desk at works and I think about my insignificant little life, I remember Walnut Street Café and regain a sense of purpose. I love you, Walnut Street Café.Had a bad experience last night. Service was very slow and restaurant was not busy. We are pretty easy going and I was very disappointed. High price point for ambivalent service. Drinks took over 10 mins. The seafood tower and rolls were excellent but would not go back because the service so poor.This place is a MUST for their Sunday live jazz brunch. Sitting there listening to live jazz musicians perform is just so dreamy. It feels like something out of a movie. 
I got the breakfast sandwich (comes with salad, breakfast potatoes) and it was simple yet delicious. My banana hazelnut muffin was also so tasty. And this place is very well-priced - the price of my meal was very comparable to other, less nice brunch places in the area.After a great afternoon, watching the sunset over the Schuykill River with two great friends, I joyously stumbled into the Walnut Street Cafe.  When we walked up to the host stand, the manager busted in and treated us as if we did not belong in the restaurant.  Refusing  to allow us to sit where we wanted, he questioned our motives as customers.  Throughout the entirety of our overpriced dinner, there always seemed to be a set of eyes staring at our table.  As servers and other front of the house employees lurked past our, hovering around us, we felt incredibly uncomfortable, targeted, and disrespected.  We felt as though we did not have any time to ourselves to talk and enjoy the evening together.  The clams were prepared inadequately, coming from a former fisherman himself.  Overall, the experience was disappointing and put a damper on my mood.  We were seated with no menus, and the service was inadequate.  With a history as a server, I couldn't bear to witness the rude attitudes presented by unprofessional servers.  Leaving the restaurant, to add insult to injury, we were slammed with a snide remark by the manager himself.  I would never consider returning to the Walnut Street Cafe and would refuse to recommend it to anyone.There are a few things that kill a great experience with great atmosphere,  service, and food. Our dinner was fantastic. The pasta carbonara and ravioli were delicious. 
The problem? My 10 year old finished his 5 ravs in 1 minute and was still hungry. It was barely a small app let alone a kids meal for $14.
The pasta was tasty but tiny. And 6 of us with a total of 8 tapas bar sized items and no drinks almost broke $150. (Is that $$$ or $$?)
If that was all...3 stars, but we waited for about 40 minutes for our "entrees" to arrive after we ordered them.
I asked the boy and he agreed... 2 starsExtremely poor service. They are completely disorganized. Avoid this restaurant. They took nearly 45 minutes to bring coffee. They lost the order for one person in our party. They mixed up orders and forgot to bring several ordered items. There were too many people trying to serve the table and obviously communication among the various people was poor. The food was fine but the service was unacceptableI pass this new construction on my way to work every morning so I was super excited to hear it was finally open! Came for happy hour with a friend one evening and we were seated right away at a small table by the bar. It took long enough for someone to come by and take our order that we ended up missing the time slot. The waiter was nice enough to honor the HH prices though, considering we arrived before! Haven't tried the food here but the ambience is really nice and I love the decor! Will definitely be back for dinner and an updated review :)This is an overpriced, middling quality restaurant that is run by an eclectic staff.  Really puzzled why this place gets good reviews.  Granted there are not many upscale restaurants on the university side to choose from, but this place pales in comparison with the competition across the river in downtown.  
I was greeted by a nice guy wearing a jean jacket upside down.  Our waiter was a nice guy with intense jewelry and piercings. The food was average, though I asked for more soda (took 10 minutes) a salmon appetizer (never came) more soda (never came) another (tiny) slice of bread (never came) and just gave up.  The desserts were fair.   For the prices they are asking I would have expected much better food, much better service, and either larger portions and/or better presentation.  I left thinking I'd never go back.  Much better off going downtown.Staff is FANTASTIC, breakfast is good but coffee (latte) is amazing. Highly recommend this place.In it's favor, the WSC (which sits on a bridge overpass that is home to exactly nothing else) is sleek, open, airy, and bright.  And the food is actually pretty good.  But I wouldn't go back on a bet.
Fair disclaimer, I live in Old City where there are tons of good local places to eat. They are mostly old-school, with experienced, heavy-handed bar tenders who look after the customers.  The Walnut Street Cafe is on the other side of town and the other end of the spectrum:  glass-and-chrome chic with a staff that doesn't look old enough to be in the bar without a parent or guardian. 
A few of us arrived early for Sunday brunch today (4/7/2019) and I went to get a drink from the bar while we waited. The bartender, fresh from the Fischer-Price school of mixology, took my order (Bloody Mary), announced the price ($12) and then actually made me swipe my card through the tablet at the bar (do you want to leave a tip? do you want an emailed receipt?) before he even began searching for vodka (which he had an unusually difficult time finding).
Wow! A tablet computer at the bar: all the pretentious bullshit of a Starbucks, now with alcohol!
Did I mention the $12 Bloody Mary?  I've paid that much before.  In return I've gotten a good pour of top shelf vodka with a tasty mixer and thoughtful, interesting garnish.  At WSC I got Kettle One, which Skippy measured oh-so-carefully to be sure I didn't get a drop more than I was entitled to, bland mix, a ton of ice and a single olive. (Aside: a bottle of Kettle One costs $36 and should yield 17 shots. At that rate, the WSC markup on alcohol is 566%).
By then we were at our table. Despite the fact that the place was half empty, they squeezed six people onto four-top table.  We were openly commenting on the slow service and the watered-down drinks as the waitstaff breezily came and went, oblivious to the fact that we were off to a pretty poor start.  Eventually one server cheerfully allowed that "yeah, we hear (that service is slow) alot."  (OHMIGOD! We so suck!)
The Eggs Benedict ($14) was fine, but was slow to arrive and came naked on the plate (no fruit, no salad, no potatoes, not even a sprig of parsley or even a dusting of paprika on top).
Bottom line:  If you're looking for quality food, a reasonable price, great drinks and staff with more charm than a vending machine, go literally anywhere else.This review is for happy hour. I really wish I could gave the Walnut Street Cafe a higher rating but my experience with two friends last night just wasn't great. They're clearly still working out how to run the bar area. 
The deals are great and the drinks and bartenders are high quality but the service is lacking. It took 20 minutes from when I first ordered my drink (after going to get my own menu after waiting for a few minutes) to getting it.
When my friends arrived, we moved to the corner table at the suggestion of a manager. We were squished in between two three parties and no one came to take my friends' orders for 10 minutes. Then instead of coming out all at once, my friend's margarita came out 5 minutes before my Aperol spritz despite me ordering my drink 10 minutes before hers!
Now the staff were generally nice and the food and drinks were great...once we got them. I hope that they figure out how to run the bar area more efficiently.A great Sunday morning brunch. The light through the windows and the high ceilings makes it a great place for sitting on a cold morning. The jazz added to the experience. 
The coffee, pastries and entrees all very good-- black scrapple a surprise hit. Almost everything  worked-- but the whole milk yogurt was a bit too rich-- like sour cream and the oatmeal topped with brown butter felt like I was eating a stick of pure butter.  
The staff was friendly and helpful and we will be back for dinner!Don't book an event here! I was holding a date for my son's graduation. I visited the space and they said it was available and they had a hold on it for me. As we were coordinating details (menu etc), the event manager suddenly went MIA for over a month. I called, emailed and could not get a reply. I later found out that they booked the space to someone else and I was stuck needing to find a back-up. They wasted two months of my time. Really unprofessional place.Such a great place.  great design, great food.  We had the flounder which was so beautifully presented.   Our waitress, Jane, was really helpful with suggestions.
Great value for the quality.
Worth going out on a COLD night!
We will return.The food is very good and the ambiance is wonderful. The service is SO slow no matter if it is full or empty. Additionally, most of the staff are quite rude and do not seem to care. I have given this place 5 tries and cannot say that I have ever been happy when leaving. Which is sad because I work upstairs - would love to make this a go to spot but I can't justify it for happy hour, lunch or dinner. 
Some examples: an hour and a half for lunch, asked to wait outside for our dessert because they needed the table. 20 minutes for two glasses of wine at happy hour. Server rolled his eyes at a guest who preferred oil and vinegar on their salad. They have no food between 3-5. Always takes more than 10 minutes to get your credit card back after handing it over to pay your check.Note: This review and the rating is for the pastries only. 
Knowing I love pastries, a friend of mine recommended that I grab a few pastries for morning coffee on our way up to Cira Greene Rooftop park. I am glad that recommendation was made because all of the pastries especially the cinnamon rolls are delicious with amazing texture and filling that makes you want to have another. Having had a cinnamon roll from here, I run away from other cinnamon rolls. By the end of the morning, the pastries tend to sell out if that gives you an idea. I might take a chance at brunch sometime soon and will update my review but for now I think I will stick with the pastries!Came here for brunch and was disappointed. Food was not up to expectation, I had lobster roll and there was hardly any lobster meat and the home made chips that came with it was stale. Food was mediocre and service was cold. Will not be back.Went there on a Sunday night for dinner. Eight of us. It's a nicely appointed restaurant. The seats are comfortable and the tables are well spaced. It was very easy to carry on a conversation unlike what's found in too many other restaurants in Philadelphia. All good so far. The food however was underwhelming. My beets were boiled not "salt roasted." My flounder might or might not have been flounder, but if it was, it was a very fat one, almost bariatric - the "flounder filet with brown butter and caper sauce" was closer to a chunk of scrod with a few capers scattered around it. The drinks arrived only after a few reminders each time to one of the several waitpersons who covered our table on a not very busy night. The bill (unlike the drinks) was quite generous, even with two children in the mix. And one of the three bill payers was charged the entire price of the meal while the other two paid a third again each for a grand total of 1+ 2/3 of the total. We are still sorting that out. All in all, meh.I had the pleasure of eating here on Tuesday night and the food, wait staff and ambiance was wonderful.  I thoroughly enjoyed the pasta and shrimp entree and with living in NY with many opportunities to eat fresh pasta found this pasta choice of my top ten meals.  Staff so attentive.  Thank you for a wonderful dining experienceGood vibe. The food is kinda mediocre except that kouign amann is usually good and sold out fast.The cafe is really cute but our waiter was rude and ignored us the entire meal.  The food was underwhelming.Had the dinner of our dreams last night at WSC. Brought two highly critical foodie friends from Los Angeles whom declared it the best meal they've had all year. The restaurant has a fantastic wine program, and our server was quite knowledgeable, so our pairings were on point. We had a seafood tower, ricotta lemon toast and kale salad to start, then the flounder, hangar steak and two of the pastas (butternut squash ravioli and squid ink arrabiatta). All of the food was outstanding. This place is such a gem!I went to Walnut Street Cafe for breakfast on a very, very cold week day. I made a reservation just in case, but it wasn't really needed. We were seated right away at a table right by the entrance. I really liked the beautiful ambiance and that it was such a chill place. We ordered and paid at the counter, and then the food was brought to our tables. I tried the Kouign Amann and croissant from the pastry counter, breakfast sandwich w/sausage and "Two Eggs Sunny Side Up" for entrees, and a latte. The pastries were warm and delicious and the entrees were very simple and good. I would go back for the ambiance, but it was pretty pricey for simple dishes.WOW. First of all I came in for the day from NYC to experience the Kouign Amann. Call me crazy. It this pastry chef from Sadelles and Per Se knows what's up! The service was stellar and special shoutout to Cheyenne for answering all our questions. They take pastry and food seriously here and the prices are great! You can't get food half as good at that price in NYC. 
I was soaking in the experience and didn't take many photos but they have a live jazz band on Sundays for brunch and the bright room encompassed with windows makes for a nice roomy experience. 
The omelette, oatmeal, and pork belly burger were all amazing and I only wish I were there in the evening because the bar looked spectacular. FYI the eggs are slow cooked to perfection for an hour at 65 degrees for the benedicts. 
The only thing I would require everyone to do is try the pastries. The Kouign Amann usually sells out quickly so we called ahead to ensure we scored them. Also the chocolate chip cookies with sea salt are quite divine.It started out with issues with getting the promo to work with Grubhub, but that isn't their fault.
What I gave them a low review was, they called me back saying they were out of one of the items I had ordered, and the guy they sent to call me had NO idea what the menu was, nor what could be substituted. I feel bad for him, the person he kept having to put him on hold twice to ask these questions should have came to the phone themselves. Other than that, the kid was friendly, they ended up charging me almost $2 extra to replace the item they were out of, you would think since it was a mistake on their end they wouldn't have made me pay the extra for it.Service is possibly the worst I've ever had.  I had lunch at the Walnut Street Cafe this afternoon with a friend and we had a waitress who was lovely, but equally inept.  In fact, the entire wait staff seemed poorly trained and, frankly, not at all comfortable in a restaurant setting.  
After introducing herself the waitress straight away asked for our food order - she seemed taken aback when we said we'd like something to drink first.  We ordered a couple of iced teas (two different types).  Seventeen minutes later - no drinks.  Finally she brought one drink to the table, but said the bartender had to brew my tea and it would take a while so I told her to forget about the drink.  Five minutes later the manager comes to our table, apologies and says my iced tea would be coming right up and that I "wouldn't be charged a cent for it".  ?!?!?!??  Wow.  Another five minutes goes by ... bartender serves my tea.  HOT tea.   Seriously???  The waitress could even get that much straight.  
Okay, let's just order and get out of here.  Grilled vegetable sandwich sounds good ... what's in it?   "Asparagus".  That's how our waitress described the Walnut Street Cafe grilled vegetable sandwich ... asparagus.  Never mind, we'll have the burger, ravioli and share a side of glazed carrots.  Oh .... about the carrots.  We've run out.  (If you're going to WSC for dinner tonight, forget about having carrots).  When we finally did get our meal the food was okay - nothing special.  And really, does a water glass need to be replenished 8 times?  EIGHT!!!!  Every time I took one or two mouthfuls, more water was poured. It got to be so annoying, I finally had to put the water bottle on the floor out of the reach of passing staff all of whom seemed to take a particular pride in keeping patrons well hydrated.  
We were never asked if we'd like dessert, coffee, tea .... the check was simply placed in the center of the table.  
The space is stunning, but that only goes so far.  
MaryWe went here on a Sunday morning as a group of 10 and it was pretty full but we had made a reservation. The place is super cute and a tad expensive, but that's just the type of restaurant they are. The french toast is VERY buttery and very filling; I was only able to finish 2/4 pieces. The fried potatoes are really good. The Apple cider donut tree is super cute and tasty, although a little oily. I also got an apple almond croissant and again, a little too much butter on the inside which made it sort of mushy and unpleasant, but it looked really good and tasted fine overall. Overall, a great place for a cute and yummy brunch!Went to brunch for the first time at Walnut Street this weekend, and I really enjoyed it!  It's conveniently located close to 30th street, and it's better priced for brunch. 
I really like the decor and ambiance of the restaurant. It's really large, there's a bar and a coffee station. There's also an upstairs portion. 
I had their coffee. It was drip Colombe coffee and it was really good! I liked their dishware and mugs a lot, too. I ordered the breakfast sandwich with sausage and a side salad and potatoes. I was really impressed! The sandwich was really good and had nice bread (though not as amazing as Res Ipsa). I really liked their salad and potatoes. The salad wasn't over-dressed and the potatoes were well seasoned and crispy. 
I wanted to take my leftover sandwich home, and the waiter was super nice. He said my sandwich toppled over so they actually made me a new one to take home. I also bought some pastries since I heard such good things about them. I got the cherry pistachio croissant and the kouign amann. They were amazing pastries!
I really want to go back and try dinner there. I'd definitely recommend brunch!Walnut Street Cafe, you have officially won my heart and my stomach.
We arrived here las Saturday around 11:45am. We were told there was a 30 minute wait so we put our name down and walked around. After 30 minutes, we received a text and were seated promptly.
The Ambiance
Absolutely stunning and oh, so tasteful. One of the best decorated restaurants I've ever seen. The aesthetic is clean and modern without being over the top. Totally beautiful.
The Food
My boyfriend and I came for brunch and absolutely loved our meals. I ordered the Salmon Eggs Benedict ($17) and my bf got the Khachapuri ($16). For the portion sizes and quality of food, the prices here are totally fair. I also loved that they had breakfast items ranging from $3-$20. You can really spend as little or much as you want here. 
The Service
Service was friendly, but definitely slow. However, we were in no rush so didn't mind so much.
All in all, I'm officially OBSESSED with this place. I can't wait to go back and try the entire menu!
PRO TIP: They do jazz brunch on Sundays... just sayin'We took a chance and walked in for a late lunch without a reservation.  Very gracious reception, and seated at once.  We have eaten at Rebel in NYC, and had very high expectations.  Sigh!
Food:  ordinary, and could have gotten at least hot food at McDonalds. 
Service:  thoroughly confused and disorganized; wait staff wandering around with what had been hot food for long enough to produce cold food.  
Food Handling:  scary!  I watched one of the hosts - not a cook - transfer my French fries to a bowl -- with his bare hands - after shaking hands with several folks.  Did not make a fuss, just sent them back with a request for hotter fries, and watched carefully.
Huge disappointment!Stopped here with my wife after a movie.  No reservation and not a table available for a hour. But there was 2 seats at the chefs counter. Sat down and had a great meal of Romaine Salads, with Scalops for me and Butternut soup for my wife. Food was just outstanding. I would have given the fifth star but the service needs to work out inconsistencies. I ordered a Perfect Martini which came as a dry martini. And drinks were long in coming but service bought the cocktails.Overpriced mediocre food and drink. But the kicker, is that if you buy from the bar (or the cart in the fmc building during work hours) a tip (of the servers choosing) is automatically added and the screen that pops up upon completion of the transaction is conveniently ready for your signature. Very different from "select/enter a tip" screens so common elsewhere. Looking into it, but fairly certain this practice is illegal.Went for brunch... live music, cozy chairs, no wait, happy workers, quality food, priced appropriately, $2 coffee and the most delicious cherry pistachio croissant!!! Don't go, save them all for me :)Where to start.  I will say the atmosphere is very nice.  The food is tasty.  That's about all.
Perhaps the worst service I have ever had - anywhere.  Plenty of wait staff wandering around.  Not quite sure what they were doing.  Had to chase down someone whenever we wanted to order something. Then had to wait about 15 minutes for drinks every time we ordered more. 
Portions were without a doubt the smallest I have ever encountered.  The ravioli came with 5 small pieces that could fit in one tablespoon.  Honestly there was not one portion served that could satisfy a small child.  Probably the worst overall meal I have had in many years - anywhere.Walnut street cafe is great for weekend brunches, we were able to get a table within a few mins of walking in on a Saturday afternoon. I loved the decor of the place, it has a plush look with high ceilings and accent lights all over. There is a bar and seating on two levels.
We started with some tea and a delicious scone followed by the breakfast sandwich and two eggs with toast. The service was good and the food was delicious. The bread was toasted in a lot of butter and felt very soft and rich. The sausages were good too. However if you are looking for a healthy brunch spot this might not be the place as the food In general is rich and decadent.At least 15 people show up after working night shift for their "Thanksgiving " breakfast and were told they could not accommodate us..... even when they were called in advance.  Great disappointment!!!  2 thumbs down!!Excellent food, good espresso drinks, friendly service. I'd give 5 stars if their hours were better suited to the high quality apartment and hotel with whom they share a building. This restaurant should be open from 7am-10pm 7 days/week.Honestly I have mixed feelings about this place, but the reason I give it 4 stars is because I think the pros outweigh the cons here. 
Pros: this is a beautiful cafe with lots of glass and natural lighting. Was perfect for photos or a nice brunch with parents or friends. The drinks are also very good here. They definitely know what they're doing with the cocktails. 
Cons: I thought the menu was ok. I ordered what I thought was the most interesting dish on the menu (the khachapuri). It was very good, but a little too salty for my taste. Didn't come with any sides to balance it out either. Was on the pricier side of things. I tried some of my friends' dishes as well which were typical brunch foods and wasn't super impressed (they are good, not great).
Overall, very happy I came here! Not sure if I would come againMy favorite thing about this awesome bar was ordering a cocktail. 
With names cocktail names like death by patio, high-risk high-reward, and Dominican wedding how do you not order one? 
Came in with a friend and of course I ordered the high-risk high reward. The cocktail was good but just saying it the friendly bartender was better.My husband and I stopped by Walnut Street Cafe once for breaktast, but they weren't open yet (too early on a Sunday.) A few months later, we came by for drinks on a Friday, grabbed a seat near the bar - looking out onto busy Walnut Street.
Most recently, we came for a proper dinner - on a nearly empty, quiet Saturday night. We sat at the counter, watching the talented folks in the "kitchen" (open cook space) prepare dish after dish.
It was one of the better meals we've had in recent memory. In a way that caught us both off guard. 
We started with the Mushroom + Leek Flatbread, which was rich and creamy - loaded with both mushrooms and leeks. It was a great starter and felt familiar, but elevated.
We shared the Farro & Baby Kale Salad, which delighted us from the first bite to the last. Buried in the salad were these crunchy, nutty pieces of toasted farro which made the whole salad come to life. 
For my "main", I opted for a small portion of their Reginette Alla Arrabiata, which.... WOW. Inky black ruffled pasta, loaded with warm spice and heat - topped with beautifully cooked rock shrimp. The dish was slightly creamy and incredibly satisfying.
My husband ordered the Butternut Tortellini, which had an amazing brown butter sage sauce, and he practically licked the plate. We also split some Salt Roasted Beets, which were a great addition, too.
Service was top notch - attentive, friendly, and not overbearing.Aesthetically beautiful. Service, sub par. Drinks were mediocre and service was slow for a Wednesday night.Honestly one of the best places on University campus to get a meal. It's a nice location, service is impeccable, interiors are amazing, and food is to die for. Nothing to complain!We went for breakfast. The restaurant was not crowded. They made a mistake on the order, could not correct it in a timely fashion, and did not apologize for the error. Getting a refund was a hassle very disappointing service.Omg YES! 
I have been on the hunt for a lobster roll that is hot. Like who cooks food and then chills it to serve it? 
Anyhow, the lobster roll here was amazing! It was stuffed with perfectly cooked lobster and the brioche bun was toasted and buttered. It was served on a bed of chips, which were also quite tasty.
I enjoyed 3 pineapple mimosas that Sunday morning and I sat in the window. The window seat was actually quite pleasant and the mimosas did NOT give me a headache, which is my usual experience with champagne. 
The service was on point and the live band was playing beautiful music. 
I will be returning!Food tasted ok but as I was facing the open kitchen, I saw the cook (the one with a beard) use his gloved hands to pick up his phone 2-3 times to text, then went directly back to preparing food!! Gross - phones are very dirty and germy. I also saw the same guy pick something off a plate that was ready to be served and he flicked it on the ground. 
A manager should be watching his employees and informing them of proper sanitary behavior, whether customers can see them or not. I would never eat there again!!!Walnut street cafe was a great experience with delicious food. The chicken and waffles were amazing (from a Texas person) and the 2 egg breakfast had perfectly cooked eggs. I would absolutely recommend this restaurant but would recommend getting a reservation.It's not easy to find a place with great food and service. You can pay top dollar and still not get what you want. I'm a picky person and I know what I like, so giving 5 stars is a big deal to me. I ordered the Khachapuri, which is ham, feta and cheddar, baked in bread. My description won't do it justice, but I can certainly tell you that it has an intense and wonderful flavor. The cheeses are rolled into the dough and the portion of Parisian ham is generous, without being too much. I'm a big coffee person and I thought their coffee was very good too. My friend ordered a macchiato and it was made perfectly. Service was attentive, friendly and professional. Other items ordered were the pork belly sandwich and soft boiled eggs on toast, with a side of lox. Both looked great and my friends said they were high quality. This was a great brunch experience! I can't wait to try dinner at this place.How many people does it take to provide good service in a restaurant? (I'm assuming that's the restaurant industry equivalent to the joke: how many people does it take to change a light bulb?) 
I don't know the answer, but at Walnut Street Café (WSC) 6 people served me, solitary diner, for lunch one day. The count was 9 ("brigade service") on a recent dinner. Yet, there's always been one service issue or another, across all my visits: breakfast, lunch, dinner. On my first visit (September), the server forgot to bring my avocado sandwich. As I waited for Godot (my appetizer), another server, after hesitation, put one piece of bread on my plate and walked away. I've not seen any bread since! Later (December), when I was here for breakfast at 7 am, there were 4 servers when I was exiting. Not one of them greeted or made eye contact with me. There was only one other customer there! Earlier the server had brought me the wrong Kouign Amann (Peppermint) and I had to point out to him the tell-tale sign showing which one it was (and it was my first KA here).The next time was lunch. It took 12 minutes for my server to acknowledge me. And, it wasn't even that the place was crowded. Even the hostess saw that I'd read War and Peace in the meanwhile, and came to apologize and offer me a menu as she tried to locate my server. Most recently, it took 15 minutes for the server to come and take my dinner order (yes. I've been timing. So should mgmt.). Then, as I'm deciding between ordering two pastas or one, she confirms one should be enough (I'll assume she meant well: save me money), and when I inquired whether the gnocchi with short rib had any pork (which I don't eat), she confirmed yes. Thirty minutes into the meal, and I'm still hungry after the first pasta and as I'm seated on the counter table, ask the chef shouldn't the short rib be beef? He confirms: yes - and so I then place another order for short rib pasta... and wait (to be fair to the server, she was knowledgeable about desserts, energetic in describing all elements in great detail).
It's a shame about their service because WSC has garnered rave critical reviews. I've no gripes with the kitchen. Well, a minor one with the flat bread (with clams), which while tasty had turned gummy (not chewy or crispy) as the cream based sauce has spilled over and seeped into the crust. Otherwise, the food has always been very good. My favorite menu items being: ravioli with brown butter and mint, Squid with crispy shallots and Calabrian aioli, and Reginette Alla Arrabiata (shrimp, tomatoes, Calabrian peppers). The dessert selection has been a pleasant surprise. The chocolate hazelnut pot de crème with candied lemon and cocoa nibs was exceptional, though I must point out the coffee ice cream was dense - almost chewy in texture, like Mastic ice cream, which was distracting. Also, I'd loved the panna cotta with strawberry sorbet on a prior visit.
The star of the morning menu is undoubtedly the Chocolate Hazelnut Kouign Amann, which comes out around 7:30 am (noting the time for potential customers, not complaining.) Once you bite into the pastry the generous cream reminds you of wondrous experiences from your childhood. The Babka also is very good, though I prefer ones that you eat with your hands, and have ample gooey filling of chocolate (e.g. Breads in NYC, Cheskie in Montreal). The version at WSC needed a knife and fork. A first for me (the knife part). But the chocolate exterior gradually won me over as it gave the bite depth.
I think the lunch menu needs work. It's more formal compared to casual menus at other all-day cafes, and the value proposition isn't clear (who are they targeting: 'Ladies who lunch'?). I liked the Ravioli, but there were only six small pieces that took me 2 minutes to eat. As the manager picked up my plate, and asked me how it was, I laughed and remarked that obviously I hated it. She reciprocated in the banter by saying "And it was also too filling. Right?" So, yes: that was unscripted, and endearing. But, also not a good sign when the staff also knows that the portions are tiny...
Going back to service: based on my sample size (5 visits), I think I've isolated the process breakdown. The issues happen between the time the customer sits down, waits for the menu, and then places the order. Once the order is in the system, someone (or 9!) will serve you in a timely manner. As to WHY that's happening, my hypothesis is on division of responsibilities, and not that they are understaffed. I don't intend to be petty, but when I'm waiting for 15 minutes for a server, I've enough time to look around and see the 4 people standing idly behind the bar, two others chatting with the host, and three at the cash register - while my harried server is busy going from one table to the next... 
It's a basic rule of management: if it's everyone's job, then it's no one's job. So, WSC, here's the simple question: who's on first? And, no, it's not a comedy routine...I had brunch at walnut street cafe over the weekend. It was a cool spot to check out but I'm feeling mixed about whether or not I'd come back here.. 
The restaurant is very stylish. Modern interior which a preppy vibe. They had a jazz band playing for brunch (awesome) but we chose to sit outside because it was such a beautiful day so we didn't listen to them for too long. The outdoor seating was also nice as an option and they have regular tables and chairs as well as a booth style bench with one chair. 
I ordered the pork belly sandwich and was a bit disappointed because there was barely any pork on it and very heavy on coleslaw. However, the side of fries were cooked perfectly which helped balance out the meal a bit. I wasn't completely satisfied at the end of my meal unfortunately. 
My friend ordered two eggs with toast and potatoes. The potatoes were seasoned perfectly he said. He really enjoyed his meal and it was clear we had different food thoughts here. 
Lastly, we ordered ice coffee and unfortunately it was a bit sour tasting.. not sure if it was the coffee or milk or what exactly but a bit unpleasant. 
I think I would come back here if others asked me to join them or wanted to go here but it wouldn't be my first choice for brunch. However, I would be interested in trying the pastries so maybe next time I do brunch here I would try an array of those since the owner is a well known pastry chef.Been to this place twice now on entirely separate occasions! Neither time did it disappoint. The Day Dreamer cocktail reminded me of a sour patch kid, in a good way. Loved the Burrata and Gnocchi dishes.I've been wanting to try the cafe for awhile walking back from Center City in a beautiful Saturday seemed like the perfect time to try the daily happy hour. My daughter and I sat at a table outside. The tables are separated from the sidewalk by a barrier which I like so people passing aren't on top of you.  The bench seating was a little low for me but otherwise the table was perfect.  
We started with cocktails-only $5 on the happy hour menu!!! All were sooo good but the Daydreamer was my fav. I also loved the vintage glass it was in.  
So the food was delicious and tasted very fresh.  I will go back just for the ricotta toast! The ricotta was creamy, the apricot jam and chips of prosciutto made a nice flavor combo. The zucchini fries were yummy. Even though they were fried, you could still taste the freshness of the zucchini.  I was hesitant ordering the beer battered fish sandwich expecting a deep fried breaded piece of fish.  This  was lightly coated, crisp and the the fish tasted fresh. It was served on a good bun with lettuce, tomato and tartar sauce. 
The service was a little slow but everyone was super nice.
This was a wonderfully positive experience with delicious food and drinks, a welcoming atmosphere and good servers!Made a 1:45 PM brunch reservation for a Saturday. When we arrived, we were seated immediately. As usual, our service was very attentive. My boyfriend tried their Rum Punch drink, and it was delicious! It was served in a beautiful glass with a little drink umbrella.
To eat, I had the two eggs brunch option and ordered them poached. My boyfriend had the eggs benedict. We also split the coffee cake. Everything came out quickly, and was cooked perfectly! Their hash browns are the thicker side of potato style (versus a thinly sliced alternative) and they are always crispy. The coffee cake was delicious, I loved the fig on top!
We were in and out in under an hour, but did not feel rushed at all. I'm looking forward to coming back again soon for happy hour!This is a solid brunch spot.  Beautiful hip decor, straightforward menu, and complimentary sparkling water.  The pastries really shine here.  I recommend the kouign-amann.  I also like that their cafe is adjacent and continuous with the restaurant space, giving a certain casual vibe to a place that is veering toward fancy.While the food is definitely not this cafe's strong suit, the vibe is just right & the Irish coffee really made up for everything! I though the shakshuka was alright, probably not worth the price, & I could've made it at home. The standard egg breakfast with toast, potatoes, & spring mix, was... standard. I really liked the restaurant service & the shady outdoor seating was great. The Irish coffee had a great mix of coffee & alcohol--the perfect way to start my day!The atmosphere inside the restaurant was really nice, clean and well presented. The staff were all really friendly too and were accommodating. Although we didn't try any of the pastries, they are supposed to be very good as the pastry chef used to work at a Michelin star pastry cafe, so I definitely want to go back and try the pastries. The food that we ordered was pretty good, but it is a little bit pricey. Great brunch spot!I came here for Brunch yesterday with a friend. Overall we had a wonderful experience. The mimosas were fabulous and did their job of getting us tipsy. The downside, they were $10 each. Now for all that, just have me pay $25-$30 for bottomless - just saying. 
As for the brunch menu, in my option, very limited brunch options for non-meat-eaters. My friend's pescatarian and outside of the lobster roll ( which is $24 and literally six small pieces lobster, on a thick potato roll, over a bed of chips) she didn't have many options. 
The menu in general doesn't scream, BRUNCH , but there are some brunch options sprinkled in there. It would be nice if they added more traditional brunch items, like Chicken n Waffles, Shrimp and Grits, etc... 
I had steak and eggs and it was phenomenal. Everything cooked to perfection. But, the portions could be bigger, given the price. 
Our server, Eric, was timely and a pleasure. Honestly, every EE I encountered made me feel welcomed.
I'd definitely come here again, despite the opportunities.I brunched over the weekend with my friends. And we have a great time. The steak and eggs were delish, I had it med-rare. My friend had breakfast sandwich with bacon and avocado, with an extra side of bacon,  the bacon was nice crispy and very smoky. The pastries were average to me they used to be better. What happened to the khachapuri btw? The ambience and restaurant is appealing and very Instagram ready lol. We sat at the open counter which was exciting, to see the food prepare in front of you, those guys on the line work very hard and efficient. And they were amicable and professional too. DEFINITELY I place to love brunch !!!!!!!!!!!!    TOTALLY RECOMMEND!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!They had a great menu and great service, but they don't have umbrellas and sat us outside in the hot sun. Keep that in mind when planning on sitting outside.Place was half empty. I showed up with a lugging around a suitcase and they wouldn't seat at the bar.I would gladly come back for brunch and I look forward to visiting for dinner. The decor was modern Parisian (if that's even a thing). The restaurant is split into a main dining area and a bilevel cafe. The staff was polite and the coffee was strong. The food was absolutely delicious. The Kouign Amann is a must try. Since I was more in a mood for lunch I tried the carbonara and can't wait to go back for more. All around a good experience.Ladies get your 1920's gold flapper dresses & cigarette stems ready, there's a new Gatsby movie set in town and you're invited to the party! 
Hands down the most beautiful restaurant interior in Philadelphia, by #PLDNYC, WOW WOW WOW!!! Philadelphia has officially entered into her golden age.
And now.. the drumroll... which restaurant will win the cocktail competition? That's what it's all about these days, right? the latest, greatest & fanciest and most original cocktail out there! I'll admit, I'm riding this trend hard and loving every bit of these hot new restaurants trying to one-up each other with the most perfect cocktail menu and delightful combination of flavors! 
We were served by a lovely gentleman wearing a pink suit with high water pants, it was a late dinner at the bar with a few cocktails, sparkling rose, hand made brown butter ravioli, and a slab of cherry pie to complete the evening. 
We will be back for a full course dinner soon, and I'd like to try breakfast too!Just stopped in for a coffee to go and ordered coffee cake on a whim and it was to die for! Will be back as the rest of the brunch menu looked deliciousHad a fab brunch here. The shakshuka was flavorful, the bread & pastries are amazing! The service was kind & I loved the decorBreakfast is legendary. Great vibes, service, coffee, food and pastries. I especially can vouch for a latte, breakfast sandwich, and koiugn amann specialities like bergamot. Melissa weller is a phenomenal baker.
I haven't come for other meals but in terms of foods and vibes at breakfast are concerned, Walnut street deserves an average 4.5 not 3.5 on yelp. That's for sure! Most breakfast spots do not have nice upscale vibes and be fast casual, super rare.This place was wonderful!  Loved my salad, the zucchini with crab meat, pomegranate sorbet, cappuccino and cocktail!  Service was amazing.  Clean modern design.  Outdoor seating over the river.  Great place all around. Will definitely be back.Man, I want to like Walnut Street Cafe, but it really needs better management- maybe a new owner. It's gorgeous, the best looking restaurant in West for sure. But the food is hit or miss and the service is just always a miss. And this isn't just recent, but over half a dozen visits in the past few years. They used to have these amazing croissants, the menu had been more interesting. But now you're down to a half dozen boring options, a barely acceptable steak, a fried chicken sandwich (burnt beyond recognition), cocktails that are watery and lack any depth, just all disappointing.
But worse than that- the host is surly, the waitstaff always confused, you can tell this is not a team with experience or proper direction.
Don't come after 8pm or they'll angrily try to rush you out the door!
It's time for change for this place that really does have promise.CUTE PLACE NEAR CIRA GREEN! 
Came here on a Sunday morning for brunch while waiting for our train! The restaurant is quite nice! Love the interior design- matches the woody tones of a walnut but with highlights of modernism. The service was friendly and fast! Provided both indoor and outdoor seating. Would highly recommended sitting outside on a nice day!
We orders the mimosa kit for the table which does serve a table of four. It is pretty fun because we got to choose two different juice flavors and definitely got more for our buck. They food is good!! Came out really quick and all together. I thought the portion size was perfect for me, the eggs Benedict with corned-beef was actually quite good! Came with a size of house potatoes and salad! Although I wished the salad had a light dressing. Also ordered an iced latte, a bit disappointing since it was quite acidic for my liking- but their cold brew was nice! 
Overall this place is a good brunch place with an excellent brunch and dinning atmosphere! Perhaps they have a nice lunch and dinner menu as well! But with most items less than $20 dollars on their brunch menu, this place is quite good and Instagramable!I've been to the bakery here to grab pastries before but finally decided to sit down for Sunday brunch. We started with the chocolate hazelnut kouign amann, which is my favorite pastry of all time. Definitely the best kouign amann in Philly. I've also tried the regular kouign amann and the pistachio cherry croissant and they are top notch.
For main dishes, we ordered the Cubano sandwich and brioche French toast. The Cubano was fine, I expected there to be more roasted pork stuffed inside but it was still tasty. The French toast was very light and fluffy with the right amount of sweetness and very satisfying. 
Overall, love the ambiance of this place. The inside is very upscale and beautifully done. On Sundays they also do jazz brunch.Really a nice surprise.
Ordered some wild mushrooms and was blown away.  Super delicious.
Excellent wine and when the server didn't know the answer to my wine questions, she sent the wine specialist to me.  This woman was wonderful and was offering tastes. 
Came in annoyed because of their reservation system.
The ambience is nice
Bathrooms clean
Service pleasant
Highly recommend.  Will come again if I am in Philly.
I will say, their reservation system is weird and non accommodating.  I sat at the bar but that can be a deterrentThis is a beautiful location. Good happy hour spot. All summer they've had two frozen drinks available, pictured is the Paloma. They have a HH menu. I really enjoyed the $8 tempura fish. The batter is so crispy flaky and airy. 
Regular menu I've enjoyed all of their pastries (especially the k. amman, not sure how to spell) and the ICE CREAM SANDWICHES!!!
The regular entrees I've not had too much luck with. Pasta dishes are okay but small portions. The breakfast carbonara was good but not enough and I've been underwhelmed with other options. 
As such I stick with this place for happy hour and dessert. 4 stars for that. 3 for dinner.The food was extremely disappointing. I got a breakfast sandwich which was a non-toasted English muffin, a square shaped egg, a slice of kraft cheese (not even melted) and some bacon. I got it with a side of fries that were just okay. This all for $15.  I would've had a better meal at McDonald's and saved $10.In regards to happy hour (and kind of overall as well..) - don't come here for the food. The interior is really nice and so is the outdoor space, but that's the highlight. Happy hour drinks are $5 but aren't particularly impressive, and the food options are honestly pretty sad. There's no description on the menu, perhaps for a reason. 
We got the fried zucchini from the "snacks" which turned out to be 5 thin sticks of zucchini covered in breading and fried, served with a crab dip - which I think cost $7. We realized that all the food listed on the happy hour menu was kind of in the same realm and decided to eat dinner at home instead. 
The normal menu has more options, so perhaps the non happy hour experience would be better, although it definitely is a higher price point.