Visited here last Sunday & really enjoyed the food  and live music!
The service was a little slow but the music def kept you distracted!
I ordered the chicken livers & gravy & a salad very yummy! (Asked for extra gravy)OMG.  We went last night for the all you can eat Crabs, and they were absolutely awful.  In fact, all of the food was vile.  The crabs were so small and all of the meat stuck to the shell.  So NOT worth the money.  I could have made my own crab legs for half the price and they would have actually tasted good.  AWFUL AWFUL AWFULOk Comedy on Monday Nights was soooo good. I had the appetizer sampler I posted a picture, more than enough food to share. We had no idea it was that big but it was delicious, especially the cat fish and corn bread. But get there early or make reservations for the shows because it gets packed and you end up paying to stand and watch a show. Great for the nice summer nights, and contrary to other peoples opinion, I like the new locations, more parking right by the movie theater, so you can get drinks before or after watching a movie and its right off the highway. I frequented this venue over the summer and have no complaints.Me and my girlfriend just went tonight and horrible time because it was overpriced for average food and and very loud the good things was that the service was good and the food came out fast but we will give it one more try for the buffetWarmdaddy's is the number one soulfood restaurant in Philly.  A bit pricey, but the service is always excellent and the food is amazing.  I make it a point to come here at least a few times a year.  The portions are very generous and the live music makes it a memorable dining experience.  Parking is ample as well.  There's also the option of having meals outdoors, either the patio or the rooftop (beautiful view of Philly) - no cover charge for outdoor dining.The food is good.  But don't expect good service.  My husband and I went there for a Friday night dinner. We were seated outside due to the wait time. This suited us just fine since the music was too loud and over powering for me.  Once seated however the wait staff forgot about us.  I had to go and find our waitress just so she could come get our drink orders. At this point we knew what we wanted. Our order took so long that our appetizers and meals came out at the same time. Some sides never made it out. The wait for the check and even to pay was even more painful.  
I might order take out but never dine in again.If for nothing else... I give them a five for the cornbread. I consider Warm Daddy's to be a Philadelphia treasure! Local talents are amazing, the cost atmosphere makes it feel like a speak easy or smoky jazz club. It's nice to feel like a part of a community.Awesome southern comfort food in the heart of Old City. The management here is great and they make you feel welcome. They have live blues music on the weekend and that helps make the atmosphere really chill. The food was excellent: chicken and waffles, gumbo, fried catfish, mashed potatoes, collard greens and candied yams. They also serve some strong mixed drinks, which are very, very good. The service was very attentive and accomodating, I highly recommend it for a fun night out.Warmdaddy's is one of my favorite places to go to for dinner in Philly. The vibe is very warm and calm. Try to go after 6 so that you can hear live music as you eat. Cornbread is a yummy starter for dinner. Definitely recommend the fried chicken for a meal.Pretty chilled spot of warm hearted black folk. Not sure about the area... I ubered!!!! My server is the bomb!!! Her name is Brittany and she is real and she rocks!!! I ordered the fried chicken salad and the Carolina rum punch and shit was tasty!!!!!This place has a specific attitude.  It's a cool go with the flow place.  So sometimes your order may take a while or you won't be served right away.  This is most likely because the place is always packed.  Make reservations AS EARLY AS POSSIBLE.  Luckily while you wait you'll be able to listen to fantastic music while you sit.  The food is across the broad good.  Never had a bad plate.  If you want a chill night.  This is your place.I've been to Warmdaddy's a few times.  I always return hoping for a great experience and leave slightly disappointed. The service is slow and disorganized, the servers don't seem to have an assigned area which means your likely to get neglected.  I love New Orleans/Cajun/Southern style food but the food at WDs is mediocre at best.  On a positive side, the corn bread is great, the drinks are good and the performances are always fun.My boyfriend and I were visiting Philly for a few days and came here on a Thursday night (8/23/18). It was a little after 10pm and we were told the kitchen closes at 10 on Thursdays. We understood but still wanted to get some drinks since we'd heard good things about this place. We were told the rooftop bar was open so we went upstairs and it was a nice vibe. We appreciated the DJ playing actual vinyls of soul classics. We were standing at the bar near the door getting ready to order when a women working there came over and said it's a $5 cover. We paid only to not make a scene but if it was a $5 cover why wasn't there someone manning the door and why wasn't it specifically stated when we first came in and were told about the bar? We ordered two drinks, a margarita ($12) and a honey jar ($10). Overpriced? Yes. However, we're from New York where these are standard prices and we also wanted to patronize a black owned business. My boyfriend ordered the drinks which should have been $22 without tip but when he got the bill the total was $28, this is without tax or a tip. They overcharged for both the drinks. He chose not to make a scene, but this was pretty frustrating. We were considering revisiting another day to have brunch here but after this experience we will not be. The only reason they are getting 2 stars is because the drinks were fairly good (even though they were a bit small).I would like to have been able to rate the food however we never were seated and walked out in disgust. We were in town visiting from Baltimore for my birthday weekend. I looked the place up and called to find out if a certain football game was on there she stated yes and to come down. We got there only to find the wait was going to be pretty lengthy. We didnt mind. The person at the front told us 2 hours and took our names. So we stayed indoors for a while, walked around and sat in the car. We came back an hour and 45 min later. Someone who I could only assume was a manager proceeded to tell us he didnt have any space. We stated we gave our name and the waiter told us a table would be ready. This guy just weakly apologized and stated "I'm sorry but he should have said we MAY be able to seat you." WHAT?!?? After having us wait two hours you dont say MAYBE we can seat you. We could have left to eat somewhere else. He apologized again but did not seem sincere. 
I understand if you have a heavy RSVP day planned but this needs to be communicated to your STAFF. Had when I called I had been told, we wouldnt have came. Had we been told when we ARRIVED, we would not have waited TWO HOURS to just look like idiots waiting in the front of the store.
Never again.Amazin Grace was terrific as the atmosphere is always at Warmdaddy's which draws you in for what is expected to be a soulful evening. However looks are deceiving there service & food they could have kept it. To think if your going to charge a 15 dollar cover you would hope that the establishment  would enforce a dress code & the show would start on time. The food suck & the waiter gave my entire place setting to another table after coming over twice unprepared and unable to serve us.  Although management did there best to many bad highlights to rationally find a good time at this dump. The Roots must be performing before I give a thought of spending any time or money at this so called Philadelphia establishment.Great food big portion. Great place to have a party. They place music while you eat. Have a band. Awesome seafood platter. My wife and I ate here with a few other couples before the Kevin hart show. It was a great time and event.After nearly three years since last visiting this establishment, I decided to come in on a Sunday afternoon while visiting Philly.  The service was pretty good, our server was very attentive and caring. In addition, I love the fact that the GM came around to make sure everything was ok. My dinner which consisted of fall apart short ribs, collard greens and sweet potatoes was delicious and hearty. My other two companions had fried chicken and waffles (chicken was succulent and fried to perfection); and the other had Jambalaya (I have tasted better Jambalaya, I suggest eating this dish at Nola's ). Overall, I highly recommend this restaurant.I am so happy that we tried warmdaddy's restaurant the weekend of labor day. Tashawwa I believe that her name did a great job with serving us. Now the food we went for jazz sun brunch and the food was d y n a m i t e . The made to order waffles and omellette were very good money well spent. I will return.The ambiance, service, food, drinks and entertainment were just plain and simply put, outstanding. I was visiting from DC and wanted to experience Phillies music and food scene, and WarmDaddies didn't disappoint. Amazing Grace put on a dynamite show. I had the cornbread, Mac, yams, and catfish...two thumbs up on everything. And the parking situation was stupid easy. I'll be making this a regular venue whenever I'm in town. Awesome vibeThe food is awesome! Not to mention, they have really good live music! The service is really relaxed and inviting. They make you feel at home while your mouth and ears are dazzled!Visited there last night while on a business trip to Philly. The comedy show was the bomb, food was outstanding and service was excellent! Great experience. Good job from Detroit!We had an outstanding time!!  Jeff Bradshaw performed.  The food was outstanding!!!  We were very pleased.  The only reason why I didn't give it 5 stars is because the service towards the end of the evening was a little sketchy.  I really liked our server Lamar, but I think he had too many tables to wait on.  They probably could use a little extra help on a Saturday night.  Either way, we left pleased and full.Did Sunday brunch here and had an amazing time. The food was exceptional and the live band was engaging and talented. Can't wait to go back!Go for the music, not the food! Ordered gumbo, turkey chili, cornbread and greens. Should have stuck with just cornbread and greens! Wait staff was friendly and attentive. Music was awesome!!This used to be a very nice restaurant, food used to be good. so I recently visited September 6, 2015. My experience was not good at all! We sat outside, all the tables were dirty, no utensils on the table, no napkins, our server was inexperienced , the hostess had to come out and clean the tables. He was  noticeably tired and very slow, so I helped him. Not a joke. Food was disappointing to say the least and not hot . needless to say I will never frequent this restaurant again . I used to enjoy this restaurant in early days , but my recent visits have been disappointing.I went this past weekend on a whim due to needing to past time before a movie starting at the theater next door. They rushed my order still the food was excellent. I suggest the crab mac and cheese. Great drinks as well. Beautiful people great servers and wonderful music adding to the soulful ambiance. I wanted to go back next day but they are closed on Monday's. I will be back definitely.I went for brunch on Sunday morning. The food was good, some better then others but the music was too loud. The singer was amazing but it was so loud you couldn't barely hear each otherThis place is honestly overrated. I tried the cabbage and collard greens, the corn, candied yams and their famous corn bread. Their corn bread is actually good. However, I wasn't a fan of their cabbage and collard greens mix. The service was okay. My server was the bartender and I asked him for a glass of water which he never got, I asked for a to go container and the container received was dirty with marks on the inside. I decided at this point I was ready to go. I asked the host for my. Check bc my server was MIA, I get the check and there's already a gratuity added which I was not for bc my server did nothing to receive a tip! The manager was nice enough to get ride of it for me. I will not be coming back here again. The music helped which is why I gave it 3 stars!Terrible customer service but most importantly quality of food was horrible.  Management isn't very considerate with taking care of customers when service is lacking and if you have a big party consider a different location unless your ok touching elbows...Went here with my family the Saturday before Fathers Day. Service was horrendous from the jump, from the hostess who wouldn't have cared if we stayed or left to the waiter who was overly agitated for no reason. The waiter was annoyed that my father had basic questions about what was in an entree and if he could have cucumber in his water. He actually raised his voice and spoke sternly.  We should've left then. We did not and we paid the price: average food, a rude and inattentive waiter, and a mandatory 18% tip for our party of 5. I love supporting and believe in supporting black business, but I will never be back to this establishment. It's a shame because Turae's comedy show is nice and he supplies excellent customer service.Utterly disappointed!!! I have been here several times, however, this is the first time I decided to celebrate my birthday here. I invited my family out to have a birthday brunch and everything went wrong. When we arrived they were just setting up and we had to wait for like 30 minutes (after our reservation time) to get seated! Irked!! I watched as they moved tables around and then they seated some people that came in after us. Irked again!! Next, they made some make shift table in the middle of the floor. It was cold and people were walking by and bumping into our table. I told the hostess that I wanted to sit against the wall and she said All those tables were taken. WTF? Im beyond irked at this point. She was rude and tried to be smart and said, Oh, you wanna talk to a manager? I said yes and then the manager came over and was absolutely no help. She said I should have said I wanted to be seated on the wall when I made the reservations! How the F am I supposed to know that when I got there they would put me at some make shift table in the middle of the frickin floor? They completely ruined my Family Birthday Brunch. My Mom was sooo upset she made my family get out of the brunch line so that we could leave!! The manager did not provide any type of customer service, she was basically like take this table or leave. Sooo we left and went somewhere that actually knows what customer service is... SMDH! Never again!Went for Sunday Brunch - Food was good, basic brunch item Waffles, French Toast, Bacon, made to order Omelettes with a variety of Soul Food; Collard Greens, Mac and Cheese, Yams, Fried Fish, Cornbread, etc. I appreciate the food was prepared free of pork and not overly seasoned. 
I really went for the live music and they didn't disappoint, MUSIC WAS GREAT!!! 
Live Band with a Male Singer, that did covers of R&B, mostly artists from Philadelphia but his Teddy Pendergrass covers were THEE BEST!!! He embodied the spirit of TP and made each song his own...The Sound of Philadelphia in Philly on a Sunday Afternoon - is alright with me!! 
Will go back on a Friday or Saturday for dinner to see if the food is REALLY good!The food was amazing! The wait time was about 30-40 mins on a Tuesday evening. It wasn't a problem because I helped myself to the bar in the meantime. The complimentary cornbread starter was arguably the best cornbread I ever had! It was so warm, moist and soft & came in a skillet. I ordered the jambalaya w/ cheese grits & candy yams. It was ALOT of food so I took a majority of it home to eat the next day. I definitely will return.Now, listen. I came here on a Friday night with some girlfriends. I know Patty Jackson is in the building tonight, but the service was absolutely atrocious. We've waited over 2 hours for our food, and then, when we got it, the check was completely wrong. Thank goodness for BRIAN G., who made sure we were as comfortable as possible. Seriously, give that dude a raise. Everyone else upstairs on the deck, was absolutely terrible. Fire them and salt the Earth afterward. So much nope.The food and band on point! Please try the tex mex rolls!!!Nice place to be with friends and family people, great sever awesome
Music is fun fin. What else to say? You have to see for yourself!!!The food is ok.... if you like your food luke-warm. The food quality over the years has drastically diminished which is sad, bc i used to tell everyone to come here for dinner. The service is ok, i mean the servers try as best as they can; but the quality of the food that comes out of the kitchen is not their fault. We ordered our drinks, soup and entrees, and somehow our entrees came out in 15 minutes! No drinks (i ordered iced tea), no soup (gumbo), no cornbread, no silverware. Super backwards. Then my entire entree was cold! The mashed potatoes were clearly ice cream scooped out from an old batch and was not even warm; just cold. The green beans were room temp. My short ribs were room temp. Then when my gumbo finally did come out, that was room temp. I don't know how other people eat, but generally when i order food, i expect it to come out hot... or is that not normal? They took my entree back & brought it out in a matter of 5 minutes. So that tells me that their food is all made in the morning or night before & plated as ordered. Bc it should have taken at least another 40 min to bring out a fresh plate with my entree, not 5 minutes after sending it back. And yes...they still made us pay full price. Now i remembered why i haven't come back here in so long, but i stupidly figured i would give this place another try. (Oh it's been 30 min & we're still sitting here waiting to pay. I'm writing this as I'm waiting for my credit card to come back on a full priced check for an incredibly sub par meal. I'm disappointed with how badly this place has gone down.Nice place for a group. Delicious food, nice soulful music and great service. For a more intimate feel I like "Relish", which has the same owners. One of my favorite places to eat out....hands downCome hungry and go with the fried chicken platter with sides of your choice. Mac and cheese is great but a little pricey For a separate side. Service can be sluggish but all and all the food makes the wait worth it. Check out their website for different daily entertainment options. Sunday evening is the best night with live music and buffet. Comfort food for the soul!We had a wonderful time. A bargain to say the least!  Our server Shannon was wonderful and attentive. The music was fantastic. We danced our way out the door. A very energetic restaurant.  I highly recommend giving it a try.Warmdaddy's should change their name to COLDdaddy's. I ate here on Saturday. I ordered the BBQ Salmon, collard greens, black-eyed peas and cornbread- all of which were served ICE COLD. The best thing about Warmdaddy's is the entertainment. They have a singer called "Amazing Grace", and well.... she's AMAZING.Got to Warmdaddys early for happy hour as we wanted to see the band. As part of happy hour there's a free buffet. It sounds good, right? Good if you like frozen mixed vegetables, rice and scary looking chicken that didn't seem hot. We decided to head upstairs to the deck and luckily snag two seats at the bar. It's then that we see it. There is NO sink with hot running water. They are cleaning the glasses by dunking them in three separate buckets. So EVERY person's germs before you have been included in the buckets. HOW CAN THIS BE ALLOWED BY THE BOARD OF HEALTH????  Absolutely disgusting.
The Mac and cheese appetizer was by far the best. Cheesy, hot and delicious . The spicy shrimp was fried with a nice dipping sauce.
They hit us all for a 20 dollar entertainment fee - but the band Big James and the Chicago Playboys was worth it. 
For dinner my lady had the short ribs and I had the fried chicken all white meat (2 dollar up charge). She thought short ribs were ok. The fried chicken was good. Huge chicken breasts and wings and very tasty. Sides of mashed potatoes and string beans were terrible. 
Everyone loved the cornbread. 
Service upstairs was HORRIBLE. Getting a drink at the bar took forever. Downstairs the food runners screwed up who gets what (I don't need the waitress to deliver the food IF the runners get it right). She did a fair job overall. 
Still, I can't get that glass sanitation method out of my head. Luckily, we didn't get sick as of this morning at 8AM.
Dropped way too much money for what we got.I too dined at Wamdaddy's last night. I'm an incredibly understanding person when it comes to service related jobs but given Warmdaddy's history of being a busy spot, I would have expected that management would have a better game plan for busy nights. I waited long for my drink but not as long as my friends. I ordered one small, simple appetizer to eat which never came because the waitress never ordered it. The rooftop's host, Brian, went above and beyond by personally going to find my food and making sure it was brought to me. I did, however, also have to ask for a box because it was time to leave. 
Management, I blame you. Get it together!Live music and good food.  Tuesday all you can eat crab legs was delicious.  I would recommend it as a date night or just hanging with friends.The food was fantastic. I had the Braised Turkey Wings and my boyfriend had the Calipso Chicken Sandwich. Definitely get the mac and cheese, it's probably the best I've ever had. Our server Trisha was very gracious and helpful. I'll definitely go back!Overrated I must say. I've been here twice now, once for a networking event which was advertised as not having a cover and when a friend and I arrived we had to explain over and over to the door person what group we were with and that we were just there to network around the bar. 
On my second experience I came here with the same friend for dinner on a Sunday evening and while the place was pretty empty they insisted on squeezing us in a drab corner. Strike one
Our server was also pretty incompetent and slow moving our entire dinner. She also forgot my friend's cornbread and we had to remind her several times. Strike two.
I also find it ridiculous that a soul food resturant does NOT have baked macaroni and cheese as a side dish. While I know it is a popular item and it can be expensive to make, you all charge enough for your entrees so it is not an unreasonable request. Why should I have to pay an additonal $10 for baked mac & cheese as a appetizer when I just want it as a side portion. Strike three. 
I may go back but it will take some convincing.OMG THE FOOD WAS AMAZING! It was really good southern food! The corn bread they give you is the best I have eaten and I have went to plenty of soul food restaurants. It didn't take long for a waiter to come and serve us and the music they play while your eating inside was really nice. The only thing I didn't like is that they have seats right in front of the speaker which almost made me and by friends death... lol. BUT overall I would give this restaurant more than 5 STARS! Outstanding food :DLet's start by saying, I do appreciate since the move from Front St-I am happy because parking is better, but that's about all.   It's amazing that this place is still in business because the food is average and the service is consistently poor.  It may be in part because it is one of the few place that showcase live music of African-American artists.  
I have been here many times, usually at the urging of others, and each time I am hopeful it will be a better experience, but sadly it ends up being more disappointing than the last visit.  This establishment has been in business for many years and I suspect they will continue to stay in business, I just hope that they commit to improving the customer service, it would greatly enhance the experience of the diner.Come for the music, not the food.  I came with a large-ish group (we had a whole corner reserved) and it seems, like it's sister restaurant Zanzibar blue, that the menu choices for warmdaddy's are hit and miss.  My companions who got the turkey chop were very happy, while I was stuck with what can be called a "glob" of honey fried chicken.  The chicken was was bland and dry and the skin was sticky  and not crisp and had nooooooo flavor.  The sides were ok but forgettable.
The music however was good.  And that should be the draw.  Don't expect to talk, though, the sound system is way too loud for thatWe had a party of 20. Our order was mixed up the staff was bringing food from other tables.  When the food finally came out it was cold.  We was not satisfied at all. Smh Horrible Customer Service.  The manager actually told us he couldnt accommodate us for desert. Because they close to an hour to bring out our food.  And he had anothet party coming in.Though the food has always been decent, I have always had an issue with the service. On the roof deck during happy hour, I'm told there are some 200 patrons, but there are only 2 waitresses and one bartender! How could you possibly be successful with so little staff? To top it off, we waited 30 minutes for a drink, and over 2 hours for an appetizer that my waitress NEVER ORDERED. While the restaurant itself is lovely, they need to do a whole lot better servicing their patrons if they expect anyone to want to come back. The only reason we were patient was because our hostess, Brian G, tried his absolute best to make us happy. He is great and you should be thanking him because otherwise we would have left.I'm from New York. I visited Warmdaddy's while here in Philly for a girl's weekend. The atmosphere is cozy, the food is delicious and Amazing Grace is OFF THE HOOK. Omg she is a great singer and performer and she can get the crowd hype. Even tho the crowd was dry. What's up with that Philly??? Grace...come to New York with that fly ass voice and you will get it popping all night.Just had the most horrible experience ever!!!! So the appetizers came out hot and fresh but when I got my angus rib eye long and behold a long hair- black at the tip and gray at the bottom. So when I finally found the waitress that was nowhere to be found for 20mins I informed her about the hair in my steak and she said Okay. I was like umm ok? Can you please take this off the check I'm so disgusted I pulled the hair out my mouth from a piece that I ate. The manager came over and of course apologized for the incident in which the waitress Shana did not and offered another meal. After the manager left we saw a girl with a Long gray ponytail come out the bathroom and go in the kitchen with a hat no hair net, not saying it was her but looked kind of suspicious since she gave us our appetizers earlier on. I was so disgusted and so I declined to take anything home. Funny thing is the waitress brought the check and apologized. So I'm like really you waited all that time and said something when tip time came. Needless to say her TIP WAS OKAY. It's crazy how now a days customer service is. The manager was super nice and came by with drink and appetizer coupons which I gave to my mom. HOW I FEEL RIGHT NOW I WONT BE BACK OR RECOMMEND A FRIEND and for me being a foodie that is rare. I just keep thinking about pulling that hair out my mouth and waitress Shana saying Okay to me that felt like what it want me to do. Anyways glad we celebrated you guys birthday ; something told me to stick to my favorite soul food restaurant SOUTHERN BLUES IN BALTIMORE,MD that never let us down smhAttended the Paint Out Loud Event. My friend and I request a server several times to place an order but no one came over for an hour. It seemed like the servers were focused on the opposite side of the room. After an hour, someone that looked like the mgr. came over to take our order but had the nerve to came back with a bill. He also tried to charge us full price for appetizers that were half price before 8 pm. My friend explained that we arrived 1/2 hour prior and waiting an hour for service. The waitress kindly adjusted our bill. I felt that whole bill should of been on them since it took an hour to serve us. Can't give a review on the food because it was too late order by the time they served us. Warmdaddy's really need to do better.Is Warmdaddy's first name Luke? 
Here's the short of it: Good food / Shiesty service + Questionable, unspecified, inconsistent gratuity application = Not a good experience.
For those of you who love a food service novella :) please read on:
After years of hearing good things about the jazz and food and such, I finally made my first visit ever for Monday night's "Gospel Mondaze" night, a celebration showcasing local musicians and spoken word artists. One of my friends was performing so I was fine with paying the $15 cover charge. 
Our server stopped by shortly after we sat down. First impressions people. This was one of those interactions where the person possesses a cheerful voice, yet the demeanor was less than cheerful and more like, oh-my-god-all-these-people-ugh. Audibly sighing and shifting while we asked for waters didn't make for a great start. 
Taking 5+ minutes to bring 3 waters didn't make it any better. 
Important sidenote: We, party of 3, asked for separate checks and were seated at 2 separate tables. We were later joined by a friend who brought our party total to, you guessed it, 4. FOUR.
My tablemate ordered an entree and I ordered a catfish po' boy. The menu clearly stated that "Warmdaddy's Entrees come with your choice of any two side dishes and one skillet of fresh made cornbread for the table to share."
Our friend at the other table also ordered an entree so I don't know why our server was surprised when we asked about the other mini-skillet of cornbread. Did I mention it was gospel night and dinner time? I'm pointing this out 'cause this gets to the root of understanding and being willing to serve thine audience. I'm not fidna get all preachy (well maybe a little) but when people come out to praise the Lord AND eat CORNBREAD of all things, you cannot be half-steppin'.
This marks the first time our server verbally got a li'l snappy. When our friend at the separate table inquired about her cornbread, we all got, "Oh, well this is for you all to share." But we're at 2 separate tables and we ordered 2 separate entrees and the menu says ... 
Fine, she snapped, and a few minutes later our friend got her own skillet. It wasn't thrown at her, but it was dropped in a very so-there, thuddish kind of way.  It took another 2-3 minutes before she could get a plate upon which to partake of the said cornbread, but bygones ...  
Meanwhile the show started, and I could not help but notice that there was a speaker cracklin' more than my cornbread. For an establishment that regularly promotes music and food and atmosphere, there is no reason to have a busted speaker snapping and popping during performances. 
So my food came, my tablemate got hers and our 4th party member--who ordered a good 10 minutes after ALL of us--got her food. The "can I have cornbread too?" member of our party got nothing ... not a "Your food will be out shortly," "There's a holdup on fried chicken," nothing ... 
... for, like, 10 minutes. The manager happens to stop by to ask us how we're doing. My friend gestures at the 3 of us who are eating and mentions that she, too, should be doing the same. The manager quickly assures her she'll check the status. Several minutes later our server arrives at our table and instead of leading off with an "I'm sorry for the delay," she firmly declares that this isn't her fault. 
Listen. Hungry people don't care whose fault it is; hungry paying customers just want to know when they're going to eat.
"No-tip" fearing servers don't roll their eyes and breeze away for a smoke break; they see what else they could get for you in the meantime while you wait ... even if it's nothing. They still offer. Not our server though. She went to smoke and brought the smoke cloud back with her minutes later to ask if we were okay in that voice that really cared less.
This server also brought out a stack of wet plates and drops them on our table with our checks and leaves us to dole them out ourselves. What can I do with a wet plate? Bump presentation at that point. Chile, boo. 
THEN we get to the most irksome part--they've added in the 18% gratuity. The 18% gratuity that the menu says will only be added for parties of 5 or more. We were FOUR. Then they TAXED the tip. Naw playa. Our hungry friend refused to pay the tip and rightfully so; the server nearly showed her tail and stomped off to get the manager. Needless to say, she didn't get her tip.
Warmdaddy's can pimp somebody else's wallet with that shady service and sly tip-wranglin'. I cannot abide and will not return.I visited Warmdaddy's last Friday, during my honeymoon stay in Philadelphia. We arrived around 9:30pm and were seated right away. Luckily, we arrived right before the band started their second set. The atmosphere was perfect for a romantic dinner. Dark lighting and great live music. The cornbread was excellent, but that's about all that I enjoyed. I ordered catfish, mashed potatoes and gravy, and candied yams. I was unimpressed by the soul food. My wife particularly enjoyed her BBQ salmon and peach cobbler.Went for the Sunday jazz brunch over the July 4th wknd. Music was great!  Would have liked more food options for the price paid.Iv been here about 3 times 2x dining in and once just for take out.
The cornbread is amazing. Iv had their ribs and tried their chicken meal. 
Don't ever get the potato salad its like neon yellow and not good The gumbo also looked liked canned soup so we passed on that dish but everything else Iv had there is good - string beans were fresh, cornbread, jerk chicken egg rolls, fried chicken, mac and cheese. I am mad that mac and cheese is not a side anymore and Im definitely not paying appetizer prices for it. They have a great happy hour on Wednesday and I love the live acts - there is a cover charge sometimes but I didnt pay one the last time I dined in. They have great drinks and the service is decent. When they get busy,service is a little all over the place but the food was too good for me to care lolI'd seen Warmdaddy's on a trip to Philly last year and decided that I'd give them a go since I was in the area.
Well, for starters; I was met with piss and vinegar in the form or an attitude by the individual who was the seating hostess. Her stern warning to me and my dining companion was that she'd seat us but we gotta be done eating by 5p. I'm like Whaaat? Chile please, I'm hungry and really not feeling your foolishness.
Seated in a not even half full restaurant and told to hurry up is not the way you encourage return patronage or greet first timers. This improved with the efforts of my server. She was on point, made solid suggestions and was very candid with us. For that I appreciate you.
I went with the turkey wings and they were tender and the serving is enough to share. I didn't care for the rice and potato salad that were sides. The corn bread is a feast for the eyes and was tasty.
Deliberately taking my own sweet time to finish my food, I went to the ladies room before hitting the road and enter to see the seating hostess doing her hair, clothes and boots strewn around the bathroom as if she were at home. I'm like really? You'd thinks she'd pick up some of her ish as she sees patrons trying to maneuver over her ish to wash their hands. Nope, she kept on styling her hair and playing her music.
It's tomfoolery like this that makes me not want to return and baffles me why people who don't want to be bothered seek jobs interacting with people.
Good concept of music playing (live on certain days) and multiple televisions on display. Located steps away from the movie theater so if interested you could make a reservation and hopefully won't be rushed.
Management, a evaluation of people and processes is deeply desired and required to prevent declining patronage.Warm daddy's is ok, not great not horrible just ok. I'll list the good first, we ordered the skillet Mac and cheese and it was delicious! Smooth, velvety, and the bread crumbs on top added a slight crunch. The skillet cornbread was also pretty good just a tad bit dry. My s/o ordered the salmon with a mango BBQ glaze which was delicious and I ordered the chicken and waffles. The chicken was great! Now for the cons...as I've read in quite a few other reviews, the service is seriously lacking. We sat at the bar and the gentleman who was bartending was off in another world. The potato salad that both of us ordered was HORRIBLE...like ShopRite potato salad but with red and green peppers added?. To top that off the waffle (which is my favorite part of chicken and waffles) was hard and dry. Not to mention the candied yams I ordered as a side were lukewarm and the green beans my  s/o ordered were flat out cold. All in all it wasn't bad to the point that I'd never go back, but it certainly left a bad taste in my mouth from now. Next time I'll stick with my usual spots for my chicken and waffles and give warm daddy's a try for brunch.My friends took us to warm daddy's for my birthday. The live band was excellent.
Our waiter was great and the food was good.
It was a little close but you can still enjoy yourself with your friends.Does anyone know if they allow smoking on the rooftop bar here? I have been here before and really like the food, but am looking to sit on the roof this time and enjoy a cigar. Also how is the wait? If someone could let me know I would appreciate it!This place should be shut down for bad service. I took my cousin from DC there and the doorman was so unbelievably rude that it provided comic commentary for the rest of the night. I read with great interest those that were giving it high marks and drew the conclusion that extremely slow and obtuse service has become the norm for some. I hope their existence does not continue to add to the perception that Philly is not a friendly town. Join me in saying enough is enough by going somewhere else. No one should be subjected to such disrespect.I'd known of Warmdaddy's for years but never made my way there. What a mistake! The food is phenomenal, service incredibly kind and attentive, and the music great. We'll be back for sure, only next time we'll make a reservation.I finally went here with my wife last Saturday, and overall the place is nice and the waiter was very nice, but my food tasted like it was microwaved and it tasted too much like regular home food I was expecting different, and my mashed potatoes wasn't that hot and tasted a little bland, and we were annoyed because they ran out of peaches for the cobbler in the middle of a non busy Saturday, again the place is nice but I may not go here again!The food was just okay. We took my grandmother here for her birthday and it was average. The service was not great and the hostess was very unfriendly. I like to be greeted with a smile when I walk into any establishment. It should be required at all businesses to have someone who is friendly greeting your customers. I will probably never return.The food was awesome. There was also a live band and I LOVE live music; but it gets extremely loud so you won't have much conversation at your table. I used Open Table to make reservations. I strongly suggest you make reservations. Tonight was all you can eat crabs and two sides. Best surprise ever: the sides are all you can eat, too!This restaurant exciting and excellent. I went while on a mini vacation with my girls to a theme park and it was recommended from my father in love. We went and got a wonderful hostess that had told us the reservation list was full but we could eat if we was done with in an hour and half! That was fine it was just the four of us. We had half price appetizers since they have happy hour on Saturday from 2-4. We had Mac and cheese, cornbread, drinks and the two entree we got. The service was good by Tasha and the restaurant was relaxing and fun! Our food came hot and pretty! Eating with eyes! The restaurant is small but they have eating out side and up top that seems to be outside also. The ladies room was clean and had a attendant in it. Which she was so nice. The shopping center we is right and parking is around back unless you are handicapped. There is also a movie theater beside them so make it a date night!My friends and I went on a Saturday afternoon because I was recommended this place by a colleague. And let me just say this place shocked me beyond all belief. As soon as you walk into the restaurant, you are hit with amazing music and very beautiful paintings that embody the southern culture. Unfortunately, we couldn't hear the jazz band, but the ambiance in this place was incredible. Our waitress, Shannon was absolutely amazing and so helpful. The food came out extremely fast and it was amazing. Probably the best soul food that I have had in awhile. Not to mention the cornbread was heavenly.I went to Warmdaddy's for their  Friday happy hour  which is widely advertised.It did not live up to the hype. The happy hour is from 5 to 7 and was too low key for me.One because  from the radio you get the impression that Patty Jackson is there throughout happy hour and  she was not she appeared for about a half hour.The food  during happy hour was good but only three selections and you can only sit in the bar area which was kind of  tight. We were told if you sit in the dining area you cannot  partake of the happy hour buffet and you must order off the menu and leave by 7 because the area is reserved from that point .
My party did opt to  sit  in the dining area and order off the menu.This was my third visit and for me it's official Warmdaddy's food is just ok and the entertainment as well. If your in the area and just want to chill it's cool but I would not go out of my way to eat here.
If you do go get there before seven to avoid the cover charge which is too high for the average local bands they book.I'm giving it 3 stars because the ambiance and vibe you get alone from the live music band makes you feel warm and welcomed. The food was ok and I'll leave it at that. I've had some great soul food in my lifetime and I must say its "OK", but the crowd and good service makes up for the overall experience. Our drinks did seemed watered down like (sitting for awhile) It's a great place for a cute date night with your significant other. If you like jazz and blues or even comedy this is where the place to be!I did not want to give this place any stars. My family & I decided to try it out because of the great reviews & the pictures we saw on line. I called to reserve a table for 5 on Saturday afternoon since they only take reservations. I was told they were booked. So she told us to come in and sit by the bar. When we arrived the tables that were available was next to the restroom. The carpet was dirty and it smelled badly. They tried their best to accommodate us so they gave us a booth seat. Their booths need an upgrade. The table cloth was dirty, the table next to us was not clean & the seats were taped. We were not happy so we decided to leave. As we were getting up from our seats we saw a ROACH on the table!!!! We ran out of there so fast!!!! I told the hostesses. They both stood there with a dumb look on their face. This is not acceptable!!!! Please do not eat here!!!!! They need an exterminator ASAP!!!! I should have known something wasnt right when I saw the other restaurant next door was closed down & the movie theater next door look so old. My party of five decided to eat at the Cheesecake Factory instead.....lolThe corn bread alone is worth the trip. We ate in the upstairs outdoor area and I was pleasantly surprised by the ambience. Music playing from my high school/college days (early to mid 2000's) had me in a full blown karokee situation at the table. Visit this black owned business and support. 
Side Notes: Drinks are good but weak.Service was extremely slow. The food portions were extremely small...but the food was good. Do not come unless u like waiting forever when its not busy. Smhfour stars based SOLEY off the band.. otherwise a 2.5/3
Our reservations were for 1pm. We arrived at 12:45, the dinning room was full, some empty tables here and there.. but the lady said they would seat us closer to 1pm. Which was cool, UNTIL, more people began walking in, and walking in, and then it was crowd. Now you have people leaving the dinning room, walking thorugh the crowd of people standing, waiting to be seated. The brunch on sundays is served buffet style, BUT they had not cleared the food from the morning, so when i arrived, i still saw food from the morning, looking picked over and just not fresh. (i.e. breakfast biscuits and cornbread on the serving table not covered) we got seated closer to 1:10/1:15 but in a non professional way. The hostest must have heard me complaining about how poorly they plan between the early morning buffet and the early afternoon brunch buffet. She sat ladies down, who arrive AFTER US and then MOTIONED for us to come TO her THROUGH the crowd that was standing still waiting to be seated. THIS IS COMPLETELY UNPROFESSIONAL. 
If your going to have two sessions on sunday for buffet, PLEASE separate them more. 11-1 AND 1:30-3:30 .. that leaves time for clean up (which during my wait i witnessed) and better food prep. 
By the time we sat down, our waiter Corey .. who was by far the best, greeted us very friendly. He gave us the run down, and told us we could go begin the buffet. The crown was still standing by the entrance/walkway so we had to go the opposite way to the buffet, which as we did,  we notice majority of the food out, was from the morning, and looked picked over, the fruit tray was barely there.. etc. we decided to get a freshly made omelet and sat back down. The omelet station was good, just a little oily. After that, they put more food out, and the band started. the band was phenomenal!!!! I would go back ONLY FOR THE BAND and maybe a little food. Def not at my reservation time, maybe closer to the time they seated us.
The band was loud, but they took control and had people dancing and singing.. it was wonderful, i cant complement enough!  
I would hope that you guys could measure up to how your sister resturant RELISH is. I love RELISH and it would be nice to see you guys improve. Not saying i wont come back, but there are alot of improvments to be made.My husband and I came here for valentines day and we were slightly disappointed, there were issues from the time we walked in which should have signaled us to leave. When we walked in we were told that there was a $25/person cover charge for the restaurant bc there was live music that night. Well naturally we were annoyed bc the hostess did not mention the cover charge when we made the reservation over the phone. We thought about leaving but it was already after 9p and finding another place to eat would have been nearly impossible
We were seated fairly quickly and entered the very tight dining room space....I mean I get it the goal is to make money so you cram as many tables and chairs in as possible but it was just to tight and uncomfortable, it was also really cold so we kept our jackets on.
We were greeted by a nice waitress who remained pleasant throughout the evening but was often difficult to find. 
They bought out complimentary cornbread that was very good. Then we attempted to order. The initial dish I wanted was no longer available so I got the bbq salmon and my husband ordered the fried chickens dinner. we also ordered the mac n cheese to share. 
The food took a long to come out so we were hoping to enjoy the live music we paid to listen to. They said the music would start at 9:30 but they did not start until 10:00p. And while they were amazing as well as the highlight of the night, they only played for 45mins! Again we were annoyed that we paid $50 for less than an hr of music.
Anyway on to the food. The salmon was fresh but lacked in flavor, it was not seasoned well. The collard greens had good flavor and a slight spice but had huge stems in them which is a no no. I ordered the candied yams (my husband did also) and we both thought they had an overly sweet and burnt taste to them. I Sent them back for rice that turned out to be overcooked. I had a taste of my husbands chicken which was also over cooked and lacked seasoning. Lastly, the mac n cheese was actually delicious it was seasoned and very cheesy and served in a skillet,
Our waitress offered us a free dessert for my birthday which we accepted and the red velvet cake was amazing.....unfortunately she charged us for it after saying it would be free. We were so tired of waiting around that we paid the bill and took the cost of the cake out of her tip
Definitely not returning I would rather go to Relish in Philly.The food is consistently awesome, the live entertainment is fantastic, and the staff are friendly and engaging. I've been here more times than I can count and I will continue going there. Love this place!Good food.  Great ambiance.  Live music.  A winning combination.
I wish this place didn't have a cover charge.  That's a bummer.  Besides that, this place is a win.
Will be back!I love the Sunday brunch...there's a bit of everything. The food's good. Served buffet style, kept fresh and warm. The bands are usually good and the wait staff are really pleasant and attentive. My family and I always leave stuffed.One of my favorite places. 
Been there a few times and haven't been disappointed.   Love the music, food and ambiance altogether.  Even their Thursday night happy hour complimentary buffet was enjoyable. I expected slim-picking or limited supply, but I was wrong, it was pretty reasonable.   
Seating is a little tight, but it doesn't keep me away.Ordered the Southern Fried Chicken dinner. Chicken was overcooked. mashed potatoes were decent but the yams tasted like pure syrup. The live music was good but it was extremely cold inside (had to wear coat the entire time) and the space was crowded. I could literally take my fork and taste what my neighbor was eating out of his/her dish. Won't be coming back to this spot.BEST collard greens I've ever had....really.  Everything was very good, fun cocktails, definitely recommend the daddy long legs lemonade.  Good atmosphere with nice jammy jazz/blues bands.  Definitely will go back, especially when my grandparents from down south come up :)Came in on Tuesday night for all-you-can-eat crab legs and it was awesome. A little bit of a slow start but once the crabs came, they were rolling out faster than we could eat them. Service was spot on. The waitress RaLysa was very attentive. The music was great too. Great night for being a last minute decision.This was definitely a great place to visit! The atmosphere was great , the music song by Amazing Grace was great! She was very active with the audience, she can sing her butt off ! I really enjoyed her singing as well as my food !Good food great music sets great drinks. I love relish and warm daddy is little their middle sister . it have the same essential but it not as great. It can be the workers here they do seem too like there job or want to be friendly. Lucky I come for music and fun but they can work on customer serviceOf every city I've ever visited, and every brunch I've ever had in all my life, this was absolutely, hands down the BEST!!!!  The selection, quality and service was outstanding. This is a bucket list MUST!Sinfully amazing soulfood.   Each dish is perfectly seasoned and Delicious.  Jerk chicken spring rolls are a MUST, cocktails are on point and the warm and tasty cornbread is the perfect slice of heaven.  On top of all that the staff is so warm & friendly and the ambience is very chillService is slow... Waited 10 minutes at the bar for our 1st drink. Had to flag someone down after 10 minutes to ask for a 2nd round. The bar seats were full but the rest of the place only appeared to be 3/4 full
The good: The food looked and smelled fantastic. Will definitely come back some time, for dinner, when I have a few hours.The best cozy soul food spot in Philly! From the delicious skillet corn bread to the catfish it is real tasty! Everything is seasoned  to perfection! My first time in Philly and we drove directly to Warmdaddys. I have never tasted anything more delightful than the sweetpotato cheesecake! Nice size portions! We'll be back again!Although I am giving them 5 stars, I have to say that I didn't try the food.  I hung out at the bar and listened to the live music.  Overall, a great experience and a very cool vibe.  There were 2 bands that played upstairs on their totally cool "al fresco" rooftop patio.  Very fun scene.  But I hung out downstairs at the bar and listened to a great band - Leon Jordan and the Soul Collective.  Very high quality sounds from them.
I had a great time here.  I mean nothing negative by what I am about to say but I'm a white guy, and this place is predominantly African-American.  That said, I felt completely comfortable and everyone made me feel welcome.  I asked the hostess, "does anyone mind that I'm here...as the only white guy?"  She said, "Well, I'm glad that you're here!"  The wait staff came by where i was sitting and were all friendly and kind to me.  
I'm sure that someone will be upset that I wrote something about color lines but my heart is pure and my conscience clear.  I want to say that "everyone" should feel welcome here and I want to thank Warmdaddy's for making me feel as such.
I will definitely go back.i love the food. The seating is a little tight but the atmosphere is always nice. Our server was pleasant and super attentive.This would've gotten 3 stars based on the first part of our experience at the downstairs bar, but then we went to the rooftop and that earned this place a 4th star. I went in and joined friends at the bar. It took a good 10 minutes for me to be acknowledged and given a menu. Then about another 10 minutes for someone to take my order. It was busy, but it wasn't THAT busy, and there were 3 people working behind the bar. Thankfully once I was able to finally order, the food came out fairly quickly, so kudos to the kitchen. I again had to wait to get someone's attention to ask for utensils. The staff behind the bar seemed frazzled. I got the shrimp & grits and they were delicious, and the mint tea cocktail, which was also very good. My friends got charged for something they didn't get, so we had to sit and wait awhile for a manager to apply a refund. The manager was very nice though. 
Then we went upstairs to check out the roofdeck, and it was so nice that we decided to sit and have dessert. The service up there was way better. We were immediately attended to with warm hospitality. Then another server even came over afterwards to make sure that someone was helping us. I ordered the red velvet cake. It was ok, but a bit on the dry side, which was disappointing. Cake should be moist and decadent, and it fell short. My friends got the sweet potato cheesecake. It looked amazing, and they raved about how good it was. (I'm definitely getting that next time.) 
All in all we had a decent time. The subpar service at the downstairs bar was unfortunate, but the overall vibe at Warmdaddy's is wonderful. I will surely be back to try more items on the menu, and enjoy the rooftop.We went because it was my friend's birthday and we are fans of Relish and she wanted to try the Jazz brunch as it was a Sunday. We had a blast. The food was good, it was VERY loud and it was busy. The only complaint I had was that it was hard getting a server's attention to get refills or order other food. It is a small space but the dcor and set up was perfect and it did not feel crowded. The brunch had a wide variety and the station was easy to maneuver. I loved it!As a suggestion, I was given Warm Daddies as a great place to eat in PA.  So my husband and I decided to give it a whirl after a day trip to PA. We there on 4/21/2012 and arrived at 9:15pm.
When you first arrive it really is located in the worst spot. I wonder what prompted them to remain in this location throughout the years.  When we first pulled into the lot, it had started to rain; there was a mad scramble to go for cover.  The outside seating is nice but Meh the overall appearance of the spot already had a star taken away.
We walk in and it was empty, the rain could have had something to do with it. So I figured, I would take a shot at asking for dinner and waiting time.  FAT CHANCE, the hostess said they were booked the entire night.  There should be ample seating room by the bar once the band goes on stage.  Hmmmm.. I am no brain scientist but 6 piece set vs. 30 people at the bar didn't look like there would be any available seats once they started to play again.  If we weren't forced to pay the $15 ea. cover we would have left right then but what to do, make lemonade. Ughgh as the night wore in it became even sour.
Fast Forward 1/2 an hour my husband and I are still standing by the very much crowded bar.  We decided to hang on for the band since we were already locked in. Ordered our drinks (which were watered down) with appetizers. The restaurant remained empty for another 1:45min while we waited for the band to play. What a waste.
When the restaurant began to fill in, it took forever for the band to play. They were O. K. nothing to brag about. The lead singer did crazy adlibs and got mighty impressed with himself. Sometimes I wonder if he got lost between singing in the shower or singing to the crowd. I have heard WAaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay Better in Philly and this was horrible.
We placed an order to go so we can try our food later that night, we figured maybe it was a bad night. NO, the food was bland; the greens were watery and too vinegary as some of the yelpers warned.  The Buffalo wings were similar to frozen wings from the supermarket with Hot Sauce. Ughghg just bad all around, the meal I had there didn't have any flavor. I couldn't wait to go home and cook a real meal to make up for the lousy food and evening.
I can't ever see myself coming back here, it wasn't memorable, the food was bland the band was okay. The parking is lousy.  Eeeww the thought of walking under that highway at night is Creepy. At first we thought maybe it was the night we went but it went downhill as the night progressed so I can't see myself recommending this place to anyone. They lost points for ambience, parking, meal preparation, customer service (Bartender paid us no mind - Thank fully the server was there to save the day.)
You can give it a whirl and try your luck, me and my honey take a pass.I've had to speak to the manager on duty each of my last three visits. While the food is superb overall and the music is usually top notch, the service is always lacking. I sat at the bar and waited 20 mins and the bartender never asked me what I'd like to drink; I had to flag her down finally and  there were only 4 people sitting at the bar in room that was only 60% full over the Memorial Day holiday. She looked over, around and through me for 20 minutes. Previous to that, I brought 7 members of my extended family in for an early dinner and we had a waiter who was brusque, imperious and dismissive. I love supporting businesses owned by people of color, but I have to give up on WD. They hire exeptionally young people who have no sense of how to provide quality service. I accept that it's more important to them to save $ by hiring and retaining sub-standard servers and bartenders. They'll have to accept that I now refuse to patronize their restaurant. Shameful!Honestly, I am not even sure how this place has such high reviews. Lets begin with the seating. I initially called and asked what was the wait time for a table for 2. A girl told me she couldnt reserve a table, but it was first come first serve. Upon arrival, a gentleman told my friend that he had no tables & that it was $25 just to seat at the bar or get a table. Completely ridiculous! My face must have read disappointed and irritated. He then said wait I have a table. A waitress came, she was lifeless. Not a smile or anything. I ordered the blackened tilapia and shrimp, with Mac and Cheese as my appetizer. Boy was that a huge mistake. The tilapia was flavorless, shrimp was okay. Mac and cheese was horrible and it came out with our meal rather than before as an appetizer. My sides were candied yams and rice, which were both fine. Honestly, i'd never come here again to eat. Its a ok place for a drink but otherwise I wouldn't.Arrived about 10 & we were seated immediately up front. The singer was excellent. The food not so much. I ordered the catfish which was seasoned perfectly & black eyed peas & rice which was also good. My collard greens weren't seasoned. My gf had fried chicken which was very bland & lacked seasoning. My other gf had shrimp & grits & she was disappointed with her entree. Waiters kept bringing orders for other tables to our table. Our waitress was good. They did give me free pineapple bread pudding which was good.  I also think the cover charge of $15 was too much & should only be $10.Make sure you make a reservation before u go. Me and my husband sat at the cafe area the host called it. I loved the food we had the catfish fingers nd than he had the chicken nd waffles I had the chicken dinner with greens #yumm Nd sweet potatoes its was a great Saturday evening loved itThe Soul Collective was awesome... We bought 2 CDs.. I'm giving 4 stars because we like the company.. The issue today is the food was great but we never knew who our server was; We had 3. Also the gave us a check without asking if we were happy,  or did we want dessert.. Come on nowLove, Love, Absolutely Love this place.  I went here with family they have a live jazz band.  Warmdaddy's has a relaxing atmosphere where you can eat while listening to the live band in front of you.  It gets extremely loud in there so it will take you a while for your ears to get used to the noise.  If you order the Appetizer Sampler, it comes with fried shrimp, crab cake, fried scallops, fried clamp strips, and chicken tenders.  They also serve collard greens, yams, and some great salmon. They have the most delicious cornbread I ever tasted. Tastes like cake almost its so sweet. This place is very popular in Philly so I recommend you make reservations ahead of time especially if you have a big party coming with you.This service was horrible it took them over and hour to get my food! My wife had caesar salad with corn bread instead of croutons.Better I must say. Came here for a holiday party with a meetup.com group I am apart of. I arrived on a Thursday evening around 5:30pm. It was packed but the hostess was aware of the group I was with and let me in with no problems.
It was during happy hour which was great, 1/2 price appetizers and $2 off drinks. There was also a free buffet. I only grabbed a piece of chicken from there, it wasn't terrible but wasn't great either but hey free is free.
I sat at the bar and ordered a Georgia peach which was tasty but didn't have much kick, the skillet mac and cheese (which I refused to purchase before because of the separate pricing as an appetizer, I only caved this time because it was half price) and the crispy chicken tenders. The mac and cheese was very tasty but still not worth a separate price tag as an a appetizer in my opinion unless its half price. It was almost too rich with all the different cheeses but it was a very large portion and could definitely be shared which was nice. The chicken tenders were just okay nothing special. 
My bartender was very attentive and on top of it, my friend's however was another story, I ordered my mac and cheese at least 20 minutes after she did and mine arrived 15 minutes before hers. 
At the end of my meal I did have to point out some incorrect pricing on my bill but it was changed without a problem. 
This is such a hotspot for a lot of my circle so I will most likely be back.I went on a Tuesday night around 730 and thought it was going to be a quiet night. Little did I know it was all you can eat Alaskan crab night for 24.95. All the reserved tables were booked so make sure to call ahead. We got a seat at the bar. The place was packed so it was hard to get our waitress' attention when we needed her but she always came around periodically to check on us.
We had the shrimp and cheddar grits and hot wings to start. The shrimp and grits weren't as soupy as I liked and was served with the shrimp on the side. I've had much better before so I wasn't impressed by their shrimp and grits. It did have a nice spice to it though.
The hot wings were good and not as spicy as I thought they were gonna be, just a kick. Then we had the tilapia salad which was really good. The breading on it was perfect. The cornbread was to die for, the main reason I came. It had a crispy top and warm in the middle. Mm mm good! I had the collard greens and that was good too but I was getting full. I wish I had room to try the Mac and cheese and peach cobbler dessert.
The best part of the night was the live music from the band that plays there every Tuesday, the Blind Date Band. They played a lot of old school music and as a youngin (mid 20s)'still enjoyed jammin to it. I'll be back and will be recommending it to people. I loved the atmosphere. It was a chill vibe with an older, more mature crowd.Rude Host's! They are overbearing and act like this place is some type of real music venue, when it's really just a soul food place with corny juke joint entertainment. MS. tootsies is wayyyyyy better, do not come here if you want good soul food in phillyThe service is prompt and the servers are very friendly! I think the prices are just right and the live music is an added bonus to the dining experience. There's free parking which is nice and it's close to other attractions. I highly recommend Warmdaddys.Let me preface this by saying that the food here is fantastic. Now, as for the service, that is something different altogether. This was my 2nd time here and likely my last time due to the service or lack thereof. So we were there to see Eric Roberson and the place was packed, likely exceeding recommended capacity but no business will turn away money. 
At the door, there was a discrepancy regarding the price per ticket as the ladies in front of us paid $20 each to get in only to come back to the ticket booth while we were trying to get in demanding their refund of the difference since it was apparently $15, not $20. My lady had reservations but paid for the tickets at the door and was charged $20? Maybe it was an advanced purchase versus door situation but moving on.
So we finally get inside and then we're pressed up against a wall waiting to be seated which only takes about 10 minutes but who's counting. Once seated, we are told a server will be with us shortly. Roughly 15-20 minutes elapse and no one has come to our table, not even to offer water or check on us. I get the attention of one of the hostesses and let her know we have not even received menus or been greeted and she apologizes. The waitress comes and greets us and also apologizes saying she did not know that we her table to serve. Fast forward and and we finally put in our orders just before the show is about to start. In the interim, a manager or hostess comes and apologizes for the poor service and explains that the table we were seated at was added for the night and was not on the seating chart. Now that's just poor internal communication and lack of sufficient operations management. Why would there be changes made that would clearly affect your staff and their ability to perform their job functions to ensure your customers have a enjoyable experience and for them not to get the memo? I accepted the apology and figured let's just make the best of a bad situation.
Out comes the food. Now my lady is a bit quirky so she asked for the BBQ beef ribs to not have BBQ sauce on them and for them to include it on the side. Simple request we thought. Wrong! The food comes out and her ribs clearly have some sort of sauce on them so we call the waitress over to advise of the issue. Now here is where things get funny. The waitress comes back with the cook and explains to my lady that it's not BBQ but gravy. Seriously? I think most adults let alone black adults know the difference between gravy and BBQ sauce. We just looked at each other in disbelief and shook our heads at the audacity for them to even insult her intelligence that way. Keep in mind that they also messed up my side orders but at this point, i just wanted the show to begin and end so we could leave.
It's unfortunate when there is an establishment such as this with great food, good  atmosphere and live music suffers from lack of service. Some things just aren't worth compromising so we have both vowed to never dine at Warmdaddy's again. I'm all for supporting minority owned businesses (assuming this is one) but as a business, you still have to do your part and provide satisfactory service and that is where Warmdaddy's failed. I hope they get it together.Went on a Monday and it was a live band playing and also children singing. Very loud music I didn't like how loud it was. Nice crowd and atmosphere. The food was average I got the Mac & cheese and I didn't like the crumbs on top and the Mac tasted dry. I also got the buffalo wings which were good. My Long Island was watered down. The prices were kinda high also. Didn't like how if you get an entre you can't get Mac & cheese as one of your sides, would would have to pay 7$ extra.. Really not cools. Not a place I would choose to go to again.What?? Only five stars, Warm daddys need a perfect alignment of 10 stars, first of all, as soon as you enter, the music is like going to church in the rural church, it's touches your soul,  they don't perform gospel music, I'm just saying the music which is blues, touches you deeply. It's not all blues, some of the bands that perform mixes some jazz, even some hiphop, but other stuff, but always have a live band playing. So anyhoot,  after you enter, the hostess, which is always some sexy female with a smile on her face, she welcome you in so warmly, 90 percent of the time I go by myself, because it's my favorite hangout and I go to the bar and have a few drinks, because I drink socially, and there's always someone interesting to chat with at the bar, especially those beautiful lovely bartenders,  but when I take a date, I always recommend the crab cakes or buffalo wings, they are slammin (delicious) lol. All the food is good, and what's better than eating good food with a good band performing so close to can hi five the singer, well not really that close but it's an intimate setting ! And between band sets, there's always something cool on the flatscreens, random stuff, like a live concert from Marvin Gate or Joe, so it's kool ! Yo' you gots to show these folks some love, their official like a referree with a whistle..Peace !please see the philadelphia board of health inspection for this place. dated 5/20/2015. you will never eat here again!!!!!! seriously please close down asap!!!!!!!! i am not sure why they did not close due to all of their health inspection codes.good music, good drinks
the food was good as hell especially the macaroni and cheese and the cornbread.I came here for the "Brunch Jawn" for the Roots Picnic pre-party and am very disappointed. I have a handful of complaints so let's start:
- This was a ticketed event ($20 pre-sale, $25 door). I purchased the pre-sale ticket. There were not enough tables to accommodate everyone. When my party of 5 arrived there we no available tables and we were suggested to split up our group of 5 people and sit with strangers at any open seats. NO, that is not how it works.
- We end up sitting at a table that is 2 feet across and has no umbrella (85 degree day). Very uncomfortable for 5 people.
- This event had "complimentary" Hennessy drink tasting. They came around about every 25 mins with shot glasses with Hennessy MIXED with juices. I've never heard of mixing alcohol in shot glasses. I don't even think there was alcohol in it to be honest.
- Service was incredibly slow. We didn't get our waters until 20 mins into sitting down. We asked for hot sauce and got it 20 mins after asking. The 5th person in our party didn't even receive their food, so we left in frustration. We were already so mad at that point that we didn't even care about the food so we left.
- The worst and most disappointing part of this experience was definitely the food. Hands down the worst "soul food" I've ever come across. We were served either chicken or fish, with scrambled eggs, grits, greens, a waffle and syrup, and 2 melon slices. The piece of fried chicken was so small it was a joke. The waffle was also small to match the size of the chicken. The grits were so watery and doused with way too much butter. The greens were doable, but by no means good. The eggs were bland. And the melons were just there to be there. Honestly, not even trying to be mean, but this food was terrible. This "soul food" was opposite of what soul food is supposed to be. It lacked flavor. The portion was laughable. And it just seemed like there was no effort at all.
Overall, this experience just seemed amateur. This brunch didn't have enough space to accommodate the amount of guests they sold tickets to. The advertised alcohol was served in shot glasses that were mixed drinks; I've never seen mixed drinks served in such small portions. The service was slower than slow. Everything was bad. If this brunch event was any sort of reflection on how a regular night is here, STAY VERY FAR AWAY. DO NOT COME HERE!!!Having dinner with family here for the first time.. Food was absolutely delicious and the servings were huge. Exceeded my expectations and great music and entertainment.. It was perfect before leaving on a family vacationWhy, oh why did you move? I used to frequent this spot when I lived in Philly. It was my favorite place to meet friends or go to relax after dinner. Well, I no longer live in Philly, and on a recent trip couldn't wait to go back and have a couple drinks & listen to the music. Imagine how surprised I was when my host started driving to Columbus.  The summary of the situation was that there was nothing memorable about Warmdaddy's at the new location.Food was great and the drinks were good. I had shrimp and grits for the first time here and they set the bar high. And the ribs were delicious.It was just- okay. I ordered at 6pm and the order finally came out about 6:40pm. I ordered the catfish,which taste like fish sticks. It was a little over cooked and dry. The mac and cheese wasn't bad with the right amount of cheese. The potato salad and green beens were good but the portions were very small. I like that they did not cook the green beans in meat. Over all I say 3 stars as I have had better, but it was not terrible. Not sure I would ever return as it is out of my way and not worth the drive or wait. It is located down columbus blvd next to a movie theater. The location is far from attractive.Great Place to Come 'Chill' in the City of Brotherly Love to Get Your Weekend Off to a Great Start!  Always A Nice Mix of Professionals & Local Artists That Give Off Such A Positive Vibe. The Soul Food Selection Is Top Notch & All So Very Good, I Like to Go With the Sampler Box With A Good Variety of Delicious Items But the 1 Thing Always Need to Have When Here Is the Awesome Cornbread Made In the Black Skillet, Sooo Good!  And The Complimentary Friday Happy Hour Buffet Is A Classy Touch & Nice Way to End the Work Week. And the Live Music Is Always On Point Doesn't Get Any Better Great ComboDefinitely not a place I would recommend for good soulfood .
Service was bad.
Drink order was messed up.
Greens were mediocre. 
Yams were too sweet.
Dirty rice was horrible and microwaved!
Chicken tenders were tough.
Mac & cheese was instant with cheese on top.
 Appetizers were cold.
It was a really bad experience.I think the location is a bit odd, in a strip mall next to the multiplex.  However, there is abundant parking available in a free lot UNDER the freeway!  Awesome!!
I went to Warmdaddy's on a night when there was live entertainment.  You have to pay that cover charge with cash, but can charge your meal.
I started with a rum punch... not so good.  My family is from the Islands, that was no rum punch.  A little more rum and a touch of nutmeg would have made this taste sooo much better!  The cornbread was too sweet, they drizzle honey on the top.  
the apps were pretty good: the jerk chicken egg rolls and the shrimp cheddar grits were tasty.  I had the ribs as an entree.  To sum: go for the appetizers.
Service was good, and the entertainment was entertaining.  I think the bar and the appetizers are good enough for me to go there again as a pit stop before going to the movies.Love the  Food!!!! mac and cheese is amazing!!!!!! not just a regular mom and pop soul food restaurant; a nice establishment. The wait time is long so grab a snack before you leave but it is worth the wait.We were invited to come back today by Bobby after having a bad experience a couple weeks ago. Bobby and his team took excellent care of me and my fiance. The food was fantastic,  the service was on point and our waitress Emoni made sure our refills of food and drinks were taken care of all night. I will definitely be back and bring my friends to enjoy a good time.Occasionally eat here when visiting Philly. The food is always fulfilling and prices are reasonable. A good place to checkout with a group or before an event. If your lucky you might even catch a live performance.The cornbread is awesome, the sweet tea is the better of the teas i've had since moving north and that's where my positives end. The husband liked his Caesar salad with crabmeat... but if you mess up a Caesar salad, you aren't going to get 3.5 stars. 
The shrimp and grits were a watery mush with clumps of grit-matter... not smooth, not cheesy. My "blackened tilapia" had about as much flavor as nursing home food. The etoufee that came with it came from a can. It had that metallic undertone that comes from canned food. Conceivably, that flavor can come from a poor quality pot, but if your materials are that poor... you need to toss it. I chowed down on the shrimp and grits because I was starved, it was just awful. Grits in this dish should be creamy and slightly thicker than your standard preparation as they are supposed to hold up the shrimp and gravy. It should take a touch of stirring to blend instead of merely lifting the spoon. There should be a definite yet subtle flavor of whatever cheese is used to thicken the grits. If there was cheese in these grits it was pinch of Parmesan added to the entire pot. 
They get 2 stars because while the waitress got a little touch of attitude, she wiped it away fairly quickly.Made reservations for 4 for an outdoor table for diner and drinks. Did not know nor care that there was a Dj playing or if there was music outside. Based on other yelp reviews for the soul food being decent we thought this was a great place to take our out of town friends. 
Our party showed up and in addition to our reservation the establishment requested a $15 per person cover charge which was neither appreciated nor was it mentioned anywhere on the booking site or yelp. The door person made ZERO effort to explain or retain our business.When here always get their corn bread. Ohhh MYY it's a whole lot of love put into their batches of corn bread. Catfish and fried chicken are my all time favorites here. Oh  and you can't forget the yams and Mac and cheese.My girls and I went to Warmdaddys two weekends in a row. The staff from the door to the main dining room were very friendly, funny, upbeat, and extremely helpful. 
Show #1 - my girls and I weren't interested in their entree specialties so we ordered a few sides, two appetizer sampler boxes, and their delicious cornbread. Several rounds of drinks were ordered but they had a drink special going on that evening so the final bill wasn't bad. The sides portions were a bit smaller than we expected given the price, but the appetizer sampler box was very filling and had great variety. 
Show #2 - my girls and I decided to actually order an entree this time. Bad move! Two of us had the Low Country Catfish meal. The fish (and I honestly doubt that was catfish) was more of a filet patty which was over fried and extremely dry placed on top of what tasted like louisiana hot sauce mixed with salsa. The other two ordered the pasta, too milky and salty. The only thing that saved us was the cornbread and the sides that came with our meals. 
We will NEVER have another entree there again! We plan on going to show the end of this month so my advice is to stick to the appetizer sampler box, cornbread and the drinks. You can't go wrong there. Haven't tried the dessert yet, maybe we will at the next show. Show lessI had such a good time here. The food was pretty good - I had the mac and cheese. The cocktails were sweet but what I was looking for that evening. The best waiter/server I have had in a long time - super friendly and good balance of checking in without interrupting.
A solid location. Will be back.One of my favorite places in Philly for both the food and vibe.  I've been there for brunch and dinner...both times were excellent.  The brunch buffet has such a variety but I must admit my absolute favorite thing on the menu is the skillet cornbread.  OMG, I could eat a whole pan by myself.  Shrimp and grits are among the best I've had.  The musical acts are always good as well.  The only criticism I could give is the entrance is rather tight so it is difficult to manuever around upon entry/exit, but other than that, it is top notch!  
Reservations are highly recommended on the weekends :-)First time visit this restaurant on a recent trip from NYC, and it was well worth the drive. We were a group of three and made a reservation(recommended) and were immediately seated by the wonderful hostess. Our server Shannon was simply amazing and explained the menu and made ordering so simple. We absolutely loved all the food and drinks. I doubt anything will disappoint you on this menu. The drinks and food were absolutely on point and overall this was a great dining experience. I would like to give a special shout out to "Leshay"?? the manager. She is such a hard worker and I made sure to tell her how much I respected her work ethic. She ensures that all guest are having a great dining experience and keeps the restaurant floor loving!.. .. Thank you Warmdaddy's.. I can't wait to see you again!!Brunch with my girlfriend and her family.  Was a bit skeptical given reviews providing feedback on subpar service.  I must say that our experience was not reflective of that at all.  The food and service were excellent.  Great atmosphere.  The Sunday Brunch Drinks are an excellent twist on the traditional mimosas.  And my girlfriend is happy!I love Warmdaddy's. Over many years I've eaten here and enjoyed great food. Shrimp grits, chicken and waffles, catfish, macaroni and cheese... You name it. Menu items past and present they're all fantastic.  Also, I've always enjoyed the entertainment. Tonight, however left a little of a bad taste in my mouth. One of the people I was dining with received the wrong items in her order. It was complete human error (which in case upper management at Warmdaddy's is unaware... It happens.) Why Am I so appalled? Because, I inadvertently discovered that my server is going to have to pay for the error. Literally, out of her pocket pay for it. What ever happened to splitting the difference? Also, Warmdaddy's didn't even correct the problem totally. There was still an item ordered that wasn't received. If your going to penalize your staff for mistakes at least make the correction to the customer accurate. I understand that this method reinforces the need for accuracy, but for crying out loud... 
Maybe they should take some time to train more. I also had a different server look at me, realize I had a need and the totally ignore me. Can SHE pay for total ignorance out of HER pocket?I love warm daddy's the food is excellent I will b going back on my birthday December 30th n plan on having a wonderful time. Love the music can't wait. But need to step up the service tho.Great service. The food was amazing. I had fried cat fish, green beans & yams. We had the Mac & cheese as an app & it was amazing.My husband and I went here for dinner tonight.  We both had chicken and waffles.  This dish comes only with chicken breast, which was surprising.  The breast was overcooked, with the batter falling off in big pieces as it was served.  The waffle was lukewarm and blah.  I really didn't like it.  The greens were way too vinegary, as if the person who'd prepared them didn't understand what traditional southern-style greens should taste like.  The cornbread was good.  The atmosphere was nice and seemed genuine.  I might go again, but it didn't make any lasting impression on me.I was wondering if this place was gonna be one of those "hyped up but not really true" places. I was proven wrong! Everything from my drink to the entree was amazing! Food was fresh and full of flavor. The Mac and cheese skillet is a MUST. I went during happy hour so it was half off :). Cornbread came next which was phenomenal as well. I ordered the honey jar drink which was the best drink I've had in a long time. I had the catfish entree with sweet potatoes and collards. All of it was extremely flavorful and served with a smile. I'll be back for sure, especially for that drink! O and can't forget the live Jazz in the background, makes it a little less intimate because it's so loud but not a negative, just sets a different vibe.Yikes...Where to begin... My husband and I arrived early for a movie, so we decided to try Warmdaddy's for dessert and drinks. We were pleasantly greeted and seated outside and someone quickly came to take our order. The drinks came out about 15 minutes later...I ordered a glass of wine and my husband a Coke. The wine tasted really watered down. About 45 minutes later, our 2 desserts came out...a piece of pecan pie and peach berry cobbler a la mode. The best thing about these desserts was the vanilla ice cream, which I'm pretty sure they didn't make. The crust on the cobbler was incredibly hard and tasted like flour. Even the inside of the cobbler lacked taste. The pecan pie was mushy and overcooked, and again, lacked flavor. I wouldn't have been satisfied no matter how much I had paid, but was especially disappointed to have a bill near $25 for food that tasteless and a ridiculously long wait time to receive our order. Not worth it and definitely not going back.It's ok for loud jazz music but the food is not good. Sorry.Very nice atmosphere, I love the entire vibe here.. Unfortunately, the food is kinda meh. Would've swapped the black eyed peas and rice for anything else and the mac as a side order wasn't worth it. Our servers were extremely nice and the food came quickly, one positive was the cornbread. It's good!reminds me of the restaurant Relish.... overall great service, seating could be better. Maybe a bigger location and food needs some workWent here on Tuesday with a friend and my cousin for the all you can eat crab legs deal and let me tell you it's great. I had string ban and mash as my sides and I was happy with it. The string beans were my style Our waitress was on point as soon as we were close to done with our crab she was back out to ask if we wanted a refill. There was not a moment where I didn't have crabs in front of me. The only thing that I would say that's not positive was that it was a bit salty but it could just be my taste preference. All in all I would come back.The upside down pineapple bread pudding will change your life!
Great venue. Fast Service. Reservations are hard to come by though...planned a visit a couple of weeks ahead and they were already full. 
Seating in the bar area is on a first come basis so seats fill quickly.I lived in Philly for 4 years and had driven by Warmdaddy's maybe a hundred times and never thought to walk-in. I visited a few weeks ago and have been kicking myself ever since. Their menu is so overwhelming I went twice in one weekend.. (be sure to try the sampler, cornbread, & all the sides). The drinks were great and the live musicians they select for this place are amazingly soulful and really sets the atmosphere - it's loud, but still relaxed and lounge-like. Overall I had a GREAT time (on both nights) and would definitely recommend that you stop by if you're ever in Philly.The atmosphere was just as the name says warm and inviting. The food was very tasty and the service was good.  Let's m not forget the music.  Really enjoyed the band.Would give this a 3 1/2. Went for Saturday happy hour. Apps & drinks half off. Drinks were tasty & strong (would give them a 4).  Food was ok (Mac & cheese & catfish fingers). Not many people here at the time, bar was empty when I walked in. Like the atmosphere in here. Bartender attentive & nice. 
Would come back for drinks & try some other food.Their Mac and cheese is the best I've had besides home cooked in my life ! Fried chicken was fine and the yams were kind of hard and not all the way ripe but I will be back !I went to Warmdaddy's for a birthday dinner with about 15 people on a Saturday evening.
Things I liked:
1. The house band was solid, though not a jazz band like I was expecting.  They played mostly R&B radio hits from the 80's through present.
2. My appetizer, shrimp and grits, was pretty tasty and a good sized portion.  All the portions were generous.
Things I didn't like:
1. Warmdaddy's has two seatings for dinner that coincide with the sets for the band. If you go to the early seating, they will make it clear that you need to hurry up, pay and leave so they can turn over the dining room for the second seating.  I thought this was weird.  We're not on a cruise ship and the host was a little rude about kicking us out.
2. $15 is a pretty high cover for a house band that only plays for an hour.  And they kick you out.
3. I don't know if it was our waitress's first day, but this was some of the worst service I've experienced in a long time.  The waitress wasn't rude, but everything was late.  Our party had 3 tables with 3 different waitresses.  The other two tables ordered, served, drinks refreshed, no problems.  We didn't get our food over an hour after we ordered.  Theh band had already finished and we still hadn't gotten our orders!  Plus, the host was telling us we had to leave!  I had order shrimp and grits plus catfish and the catfish never came out.  The waitress said she didn't hear me order it.  Whatever.  They gave us 30% off our bill for the inconvenience.
All in all, Warmdaddy's was just alright.  I can see how people would love the place, but it was just okay for me.  I would return if I was invited there for a group outing or function, but wouldn't plan to go back myself.Ordered a fried chicken salad to be delivered via uber eats and whoever was preparing it decided to put the dressing ON the salad before sending in out. By the time it got to me, the lettuce was wilted and grey and the twice fried (frozen) chicken tenders were like little bricks sitting on top. Disgusting. The green beans which were about five bucks extra were so clearly from a can that it was almost funny. Long story short, NEVER EATING HERE AGAIN.Should have known by the location (next to a movie theater) that it wouldn't be good. As soon as we got there, for my friends birthday, some members of our party mentioned a certain smell. We never figured out the source of the smell but it wasn't pleasant. The waiter was very nice. It was as if he was overcompensating for the bad food. The only thing that was decent was the fried shrimp. Even the music (live band) was nothing exciting. The whole dining experience was pretty soulless. Not worth the trek out to Columbus blvd. Go elsewhere for real soul food.They've really revamped the kitchen and bar because the food was amazing and the drinks were on point. I don't know if they got a new Chef and Bar Staff but Saturday night was a huge success all aroundI had a great time here over the weekend.  the live music is great, the drinks are tasty and the food is excellent.  The cover charge is high to me ($15), especially considering that most people order food and drinks while there.  I like this place a lot though.  Nice crowd, good eats, good music.  I will definitely return.I really enjoyed the food here. Just a little too expensive for soul food and you have to call ahead to ensure that they are not charging a $15 per person entertainment fee.I've been hearing such raves and so much hype about WarmDaddy's for years now and I couldn't wait to go, but much to my dismay...the food was a miss!! I only enjoyed the catfish bites and mac and cheese. I ordered the turkey wings which were okay, but how do you not have plain rice with turkey wings??!! They had some red rice with peppers and a tomato base!! Who eats that with turkey wings?? Lol I know everyone likes collard greens differently and they prepare theirs very vinegary!! Never liked greens with vinegar!! My sister had the fried chicken dinner and the chicken was cooked super hard!! It was dried out!! The sweet cornbread was very good! For my first time I was disappointed. I look forward to going back for the Sunday jazz brunch. I hear it is excellent!! I hope it will make up for this.Was not impressed at all.. They charged $15 to get in bc there was a jazz band.. To me, this should be apart of the service they provide bc all we wanted to do was have dinner.. The band was old old school and wayyy to loud. We came from Out of town to try this place out bc of the reviews ; however everyone has a different perception of excellence.. They need to clean the grease, update the furniture and pls don't give cups vs glasses to serve drinks.. Oh yeah our clothes and hair smelled like old fried grease when we left the restaurant. We all had high expectations and was disappointed in this establishment. Our server was nice but didn't wow us..As always, we really enjoyed the food at warmdaddy's but what really made the night stand out was the music from urban guerrilla orchestra!  My son's 18th birthday will be long remembered!  Thank you!If you are from Philly and aren't familiar with Warmdaddy's, then you need to get out more. 
As long as I can remember the Bynum brother's have been dedicated to bringing great music, and great dining to the city.
Despite some initial critics, since moving into their new location in Riverview Plaza, they have successfully made their restaurant and Blues club more mainstream. The key here, is that they have not compromised any of the quality or creativity in their food, but rather enhanced it.
You could go here, not even have a single entree, but merely side dishes alone, and leave full with a smile on your face.
From starters to dessert they have something for whatever your tastes are.
It's tough to narrow it down but here are some must try dishes:
Jerk Chicken Egg Rolls
Catfish Fingers
BBQ Shortrib
Fried Chicken
Collard Greens
Potato Salad
Candied Yams
Mac & Cheese
Sweet Potato Cheesecake
Pineapple Upside Down Bread Pudding
Most importantly is the skillet cornbread. Do NOT skip over it! You only live once.Simply orgasmic. Shrimp and grits to die for. Baked fish is phenomenal. Entertainment is an added bonus. Definitely a to doI was just here this past Sunday for the third time and I had a great time as always! The food is delicious and the entertainment is great! The free corn bread w/ ur dinner entree is the icing on the top. I've been during happy hour once and found out they have a free buffet- free!!!! The service was bad, the staff both waitresses and bartenders had attitude and didn't take our order, which is why I'm knocking off a star.The food was phenomenal! I went for the Sunday brunch...I loved the variety that was offered. The live music created such a relaxing ambience. Next time I visit Philly, warmdaddy's is on my 'must do' list.Me and my man came here, made reservations, and sat on the balcony outside. The DJ was really good, everyone was chillin, smoking cigars and eating. The vibes were awesome; it was real chill. The food was good, I had catfish entree with potato salad and red rice. The rice was a little bland, but the potato salad was surprisingly delicious. The cornbread was also good, so huge, and wasn't able to finish it. I'd definitely come back hereCame here for a quick dinner with friends and it was great.  Live music, soul food, and they had the thursday night football game playing behind the bar.  
Wings, jambalaya, beed brisket, and cornbread were all good.  
It's not "foodie spot" but it's a solid restaurant if you're craving soul food and live music.Great food.  My husband and I were there to check out a great band, had the jerk chicken spring rolls, catfish, and jumbalaya.  The food was really good.  The drinks were made with cheap liquor and it was really crowded.  Also a bit pricey, but I'd go back.Frankly, my husband and I were disappointed. We have been here a few times before and the food was always great in the past. In this case, there was a noticeable difference. The food lacked any type of seasoning and all of my portions (I had a sampler platter) weren't even hot. It lacked that southern touch that you want when you go to a soul food restaurant.  My husband had the fried chicken platter and the chicken was overcooked and tasted like it was fried in old grease.
We didn't have a reservation, but the hostess did try to accomodate us as best as she could. The manager 'Jeff" made it seem like they were so busy that it was our fault we didn't call ahead.  They tried seating us at the rail area by the bar initially and that is NOT somewhere we wanted to eat! The stools are hard, wooden with no backs and the 'table' space was very narrow. We then were going to sit at the bar itself, and the bar maid made it known that she didn't know how quick she would even get to us and that we may want to sit somewhere else.  In hindsight, we should have just left at that point. 
While our waitress was extremely friendly (Kari), we ended up sitting by the door, and I honestly felt bad for the way they were 'strong' arming folks into the $20 cover charge for the band. That is a lot of money on top of your meals, and it is a cash system so I'm not sure who is really tracking those funds!! At the least patrons should be given a discount towards the dinner bill to offset the entertainment fee. Luckily, we didn't have to pay it due to the time we got there. Next time I think I will go back to Relish, which I believe is the same owner.Started out waiting a lil long for waiter but once Cory arrived he was excellent!!  ...the food was excellent and the vibe is always great. I didn't care for the food years back but I must say I was pleasantly surprised... Awesome time and my guests agreed with me...will be back a lot sooner than I imaginedI freaking loved this place. Great food, Great live music. I wish there was one here in Los Angeles.i went to warmdaddys for the comedy but unfortunately it was cancelled. the food was great very generous portions, the jerk chicken egg roll the best i have had, sweet potatoe fries very good. just hope next time i go the comedy will be onI desperately want to give Warmdaddy's more stars, but I must do my civic duty! Visiting Philly for labor day weekend w. no solid plans but to eat.. all the on-line reviews led us here Sunday Night.
LOCATION:
A little strange.. in a "strip mall" next to a movie theater. Also, as you walk up to the building literally EVERYONE can see you.  I'm more of a low key, in the back fly girl.. that was an instant turn off for me. 
DECOR:
Very jazzy, bluesy, grown but sexy, "souley" vibe going on. It could use a slight upgrade, but the "authentic" feel didn't bother me.  I was there to be entertained and stuff my face! :)
FOOD:
(here we go).. ALL the reviews RAVED about the food, soo....unless the normal chef was on vacay for the holiday, I CANNOT co sign!
The infamous skillet cornbread. If you like sweet, "cakey" cornbread this is the place for you. It's served before your meal, so that was a thoughtful way to begin my meal. I LOVE cornbread w. corn kernels (creamed corn).. but they def missed the mark. It was almost as if they used dried pieces of corn- I had to spit the kernels out because they were so dry and chewy. 
I ordered the Crab cakes, greens & potato salad as an entree. Our table also had the Mac & Cheese, Yams, and Rice and Beans.  
My crab cakes were wet and soft- inedible! I ate half of one. 
My greens were very very juicy and vinegary. We all know good greens have a kick of vinegar.. but this was something else.. Didn't eat it!
Everything else was just kind of hmm ho. The Potato Salad was good. Yams were ok, 
The famous Mac and Cheese! Ugghh where do I start.  INEDIBLE! Missing basic salt and pepper. I didn't taste the cheese @ all. Tasted as if they used breadcrumbs. I don't have the words to describe it- just HORRIBLE! General table consensus!
SERVICE:
Our waitress was pleasant. But (God forgive me), I noticed one of the "non Coco" waitresses making faces @ some of the things happening. It made me feel a little uncomfortable knowing she was judging "us" yet serving "us".    
ENTERTAINMENT:
Amazing Grace Little performed- SHE TURNED IT OUT!!! Great performance and voice. Because an artist was performing there was an additional 15$ CASH door fee. We were pissed about it when we made our reservation, but.. Grace won us over! I would have paid double- FANTASTIC!!!!!
OVERALL:
I think I would go back, but SOLELY for the entertainment and scene. NOT for the food!This place was lovely. I believe it was by far one of the best Soul food joints I have been to overall.
The ambiance and setting was perfect. The lighting was dimmed just right alongside nice seating and decorations. I did call for a reservation the say before, but it was lost. They still were able to seat us thankfully.
I highly recommend the Catfish fillet and macaroni and cheese appetizer. The cornbread was wonderful also. They were absolutely mouth-watering. We did go on Tuesday due to all-you-can-eat crab legs and unlimited sides for $24.99.
Lastly, I really enjoyed the live band. The music was great and I enjoyed singing along. I only wish this place had another location downtown.It was difficult to find the entrance but once we did it was an awesome experience. We were surprised by a live jazz band that we didn't know was going to perform and it was very entertaining. On this particular night the hostesses allowed 2 individuals experiencing homelessness to sit down and warm up. Great people work here! Awesome date spot too!This restaurant was recommended by a friend as a must try while in Philly. Though the food was good and the live music was average, the service was substandard to put it mildly. The waitress was slow, physically and mentally. She rarely stopped to check on us or to refill glasses. And when it was time to go, I indicated we needed separate checks and she still bought one check. It took her another 30 minutes to correct it. Lets just say I will not be back.Location- Perfect because it's next to a movie theater which gives you something else to do, dinner and a movie great combo. The parking is free and there is plenty of it. Your on Delaware ave near penns landing, Dave and busters is close by and close to old city. The location is ideal!!!
Food- Very good soul food and great drinks. We had the fried chicken which was good, turkey wings were great- I wish they were a little more tender but they were good overall, the greens were perfect which we loved. But the cornbread was just perfection it was the best part. I loved it. The spring rolls appetizers were cool. The only thing I didn't like at all was the potato salad and the fish appetizer was just okay.
Drinks- Excellent, especially the passion fruit punch. 
Service- the host is great but my waitress was just average with her service and attitude. However the host comes by your table and checks on you- I like that.
Atmosphere is fun and the live band is a nice touch- you don't have to pay a cover on week days. We had free entertainment and a very affordable meal. They could update the restaurant it's a bit run down- especially the bathroom. Over all due to good price, good food, and the band this is a four star spot. However do not sit in front we had to move because the band is loud and you are unable to talk but if you want fun and to hear good music, that's okay.Go to warm daddy's for the Entertainment ! I had the grilled chicken calypso sandwich . It was OK, noting special, hardly memorable . The tomato the sandwich was too thick, and more special sauce was needed. The fries was seasoned with old bay. The fries was inedible from the amount of salt that was on them.  I had the Daddy Long Leg Lemonade which was great , I had to tell the bartender to add more bulliet , because the description said a healthy portion and he only put a dash.  The cornbread is good, but I had finish food by the time it came to the table . Entertainment was cool. I'll be back but not for the food . Cover charge is $15 on FridayMy father and I went to the Sunday jazz brunch at warm daddy's today and it was a much better experience than my previous visit. The buffet was restocked frequently, the food was phenomenal (especially the honey cornbread and cheese grits) but most importantly the service was much better. The manager even stopped by to make sure everything was to our liking, and the band; (mozaic flow) was amazing!The food was amazing. The service was great and the music was live. It was a little too loud but overall great dining. I'm definitely going back.Came here on a Saturday night to see a family friend play with his band, THE BLUE METHOD. 
I have never been to Warmdaddy's and heard a snippet of the band's music. 
AWESOME NIGHT, SERVICE,FOOD, & DRINKS. Came here starving and it healed my stomach full! 
Make sure you reserve a table, I'd prefer a week in advance because the place fills up fast. 
I cannot wait untill I come back again!:-D5 stars! I went on a Saturday night. Live band was great. Large portions of food. I had the jambalya and my boyfriend had turkey wings. Both were amazing. Perfectly seasoned and flavorful. Waitress was attentive and friendly.The food is delicious, but the service leaves something to be desired. I had the Jambalaya, yams, greens and cornbread both times. However, we didn't receive the cornbread during the meal on the 2nd visit. As we were leaving, the manager asked us about our experience. My BF piped up and said that we didn't receive the cornbread. He asked us to wait a moment, while he went to get us a take home portion of the cornbread. We were happy with the service recovery effort. We were there not only to enjoy the experience, but to enjoy each other as well. Sometimes the company makes up for the lack!  I thoroughly enjoyed each of the livebands, as well. I still recommend visiting at least once.Sunday Brunch was a foodie delight. You had so much to choice from and it was simple delicious.  I am not a buffet person, however the presentation was great and they keep it fresh. I loved that I was able to have my eggs prepared the way I wanted it. This was my third time at Warmdaddy's, but my first brunch.  The one complain I do have is that their servers need some customers services training.  the music has always been great.What a wonderful experience that I look forward to repeating in the future.  I had been to the old location which was smaller so I was hesitant but curious to try a new location.  I am happy to say that I was pleasantly pleased at the experience.  I already wanted to come because I LOVE live music and the featured artist was Gerald Veasley who is a jazz bassist EXTREME.  Now to talk about the food.  Our server Ebony ( I remember names of great servers) brought us some cornbread; now I do not usually eat it but this was hot and sweet and mmmm I loved it.  I ordered the Gumbo Ya-Ya and Catfish Po' Boy and my wife ordered the Chicken dinner with yams and grits.  We LOVED the food it was delicious and hot and wonderful.  For dessert we had the peach and berry cobbler which I liked also.  This was a great experience, the only drawback was the table next to us had a lot of yapping ladies who chatted all through GV's set; I know it is an eatery and a live music venue but if you like to yap while you eat then stay home.  Other than this small blip I had a hell of a great time.  They have outside tables which is a plus during these nice summer days/nights.Really enjoyed this spot. Everything was good. Party of 4 everyone had fried chicken they all really liked it. I had the turkey wings they were really good. We had mac and cheese, yams, collards, potato salad and mashed potato with gravy. All that and live music you can't beat it!The food at the Sunday Brunch was EVERYTHING. I'm ready put my reservation in again for next weekend, lol.One word to describe this establishment, incompetent. I called on a Saturday to make a Sunday brunch reservation. I asked for a reservation at noon. The woman on the phone was very nice and said although there was nothing available at noon, there was availability at 1 PM.
I made the reservation for 1 PM. 
When we arrived on Sunday, the woman at the front door was seemingly overwhelmed and frankly rude. She asked for my name several times and stated that I did not have a reservation and it was not possible for me to make a reservation the day before because they were booked a month out.
When I gave her my phone number she said I was reserved for the following weekend.
She asked me to stand off to the side and she was going to get the woman who took the reservation. She also let us know that she was the "manager" several times.
She briefly spoke to another woman and had her come over and tell us that she was very sorry but she does not remember taking my reservation and they had nothing available. As the "manager"she couldn't tell me that herself? Or do what managers are paid to do and make things right?
Bottom line is, we did not eat at Warmdaddys and because of the poor treatment and unprofessional management team we will never eat at Warmdaddy's. 
Also to be noted, during our 20 minutes wasted while they tried to figure out who made our reservation, there was NO LIVE  music going on during Sunday brunch.I would have given this place 5 star of not for the inconsistencies. I came here before I was a yelper. I had a great experience. Unfortunately, this time was extremely different they ran out of turkey wings before 8pm on a Tuesday!! 
I was happy with food that was available. I was offered the check before I was able order dessert. I asked for the pineapple upside down bread pudding. My server said the were all out and offered me the cheesecake on the house. I delcined her offer to comp the cheesecake. I insisted on paying, before leaving I had to ask for the manager. You could tell he wasn't experienced in guest service. Instead of coming over apologetic he was in fact combative. He kept over explaining it was completely unprofessional. I'm sure he had no idea that his demeanor was inappropriate. Hospitality training is a must in the service industry. The food is good but service can be slow and if you give feedback be sure to get ready for a fight.Checked out their Happier Hour on Saturday.  The drinks were on point, portions were decent and the staff were amazing.Umm there's no Etoufe in the etoufe. This is not New Orleans style. This is blackened fish with tomato bisque 
Music and service was great.... But my meal wasn't. I'd return for drinks only.Pretty good food, unique drinks (I'm a big fan of the daddy long legs lemonade) and a really cool atmosphere with live jazz or blues.
I like everything I've had on the menu (Jambalaya, shrimp and grits, gumbo and crab cake sandwich), and I especially love the sides (seriously, last time I went, I just ordered 3 different sides instead of a meal - very good yams).
I haven't had any of their desserts yet...maybe next time!This place is constantly full, and even a wait on weekends, and I have yet to figure out why. The food is bland and tasteless, drinks were overpriced, and the service terrible. The only highlight of our meal was the corn bread. Save your cash and head towards Center city for a meal worth your money.Had A Birthday Celebration At WarmDaddy. My waiter was name Blake . He was So Polite and Kind I had the Farm Garden Salad For Appetizer BBQ Salmon in a Mango Sauce. I had Vanilla Cake For Dessert . I got Several Complements On my Outfit The Food was Awesome . I do Recommend This RestauruntIt is not too often that I take the time to write reviews but I feel inclined to write this one.  My sister and I decided to eat at Warmdaddy's after shopping on South Street. I went in after my sister. She was told we could sit in the high top bar area as a party was happening in the main area. I sat with her. I started the restaurant with 5 stars in my head as I usually do. It was about 10 minutes later when a bartender came up to us and asked us if we were being helped. "No, and menus would be nice." He gave us menus and we ordered water and the family sampler to share for the appetizer as well as some cornbread. Apps came out pretty quickly except the hot wings were cold and breaded, I hate cold food -1*.  We then ordered a fried chicken entre with greens and yams. We didn't see our waiter again for 30 minutes -1*. (I know this because I took a picture of our appetizers and checked the time stamp. It read 27 minutes ago. I told my sister, they had 3 more minutes then I'm requesting a manager) I went to the bar and asked another bartender about our food. She never got back to me. Then I asked another waitress for the manager. That's when our food came out. Still no cornbread -1*. The greens were great, chicken under seasoned -1*, yams blah. We asked for a box for our left over apps, which we didn't get -1*. Finally the manager came over. I told him I wasn't pleased and why. He was very nice and apologetic +1*. He got us a box for the apps and our cornbread. He took care of our bill +2**. So why the 2** at the end, because this restaurant could be so much better and although Darryl, the manager was very sweet, I didn't come for a free meal, I came for a good meal and deserved good service. At the end of the day, the waiter/bartender did not deserve my tip but I gave him one anyway because everyone makes mistakes. $3.00 even though he didn't even have enough respect to apologize. SMDH.They are owned by the same people that own Relish. Which I love. Not too crazy about Warmdaddys. The seating can be crowded. The love music is not bad. Showed up one night an because we weren't there for the show had to be seated in the roof. Not a good idea considering it was about fifth degrees outside and it's not closed in. The service can be slow. The drinks are pretty good. So drink before you eat. Maybe you won't notice the food or service.Just got home from warm daddy's and i must say i was very disappointed with the food, service and even with management. my friend had called them weeks ago to make reservations for her bday for 7:00pm today...Every thing was fine until last Sunday when they called her and told he that she either needed to move the reservation to around 5pm or another day because they would have to charge us 20 dollars each for a comedy show they booked for 7pm....We arrived at 5:00pm, the waitress was amazing but the waiter was extremely slow and took forever to bring drinks, food etc. Then the manager came over to the birthday girl and pretty much told her he needed us to be done at 7 because they needed our tables and rushed us out. We could not even eat the birthday cake as they told us they would have to pack it up. If the tip was not included, they would not have gotten a dime from us....I will never ever go back to this establishment and won't recommend it to anyone i know
Also my food was disgusting, i ordered Catfish and it tasted like they took the fish, put it in batter and fried it, it had no flavor or taste at all....Waste of money.Came here on a friends recommendation. Upon entering we were greeted and asked if we would like a seat for live music or upstairs/no music. We chose the live music and paid the $15 ea cover. After being seated, we asked our server when the live music would start. Turned out, not for another hour! We had a show to go to after and knew we weren't staying long enough for the music. Maybe we should have asked before paying the cover, but I do think it was the restuarant's obligation to mention the show wouldn't start for a whole hour after you've been seated! 
   Anyway, onto the food. I ordered the crab cakes with a side of green beans and candied yams. My date ordered the seafood jambalaya. First the food came unbelievably quick. I'm talking in 10-15 min. This is not a good thing. The crab cakes were undercooked. I'm talking not even browned; like they were dumped out of a box and then nuked. The green beans were so salty, I couldn't even finish them. The yams were ok, nothing spectacular. My date's jambalaya was good. Although he commented that his side of greens were also salty. The cornbread they provide was mediocre at best. Tasted the same as if you got it from the supermarket bakery.
  I did give two stars for the service. Everyone was extremely friendly and efficient. Our server was knowledgable and quick. 
 Overall, I wouldn't recommend this place. I didn't appreciate the trickery surrounding the live music cover charge. And the food was obviously not prepared fresh. Won't be going again.This is southern cuisine done right. The food  is top quality and the portions are ample. I would give this place a 5, but the servers are very hit and miss.This is definitely my favorite soul food restaurant. My husband and I were seated right away upon entering this establishment. Once seated, our server immediately greeted us. We received our drinks and food in a timely fashion. The server recommended the peach cobbler for dessert and really made our time here enjoyable. She was very charismatic. I would have given this establishment five stars if the drinks were better. The alcoholic beverages are not strong at all. Nonetheless, if you're in Philadelphia, please stop by this restaurant. It was worth every penny.Warmdaddy's is a little slice of heaven. We went on a Tuesday, with all-you-can-eat crabs for $25. The food was amazing!! Very flavorful and the crab was cooked to perfection. The music was off the charts, and overall, the place had a fun, happy vibe. Warmdaddy's is definitely a hidden Philadelphia gem!Wanted a little bit of food after a matinee movie but they're closed and don't open until 5. Guess they don't get too much lunch crowd around here. I'll try again another timeWow...My fam and I passed through Philly for a day and we went here! The Amazing Grace Little performed and wow! She knew how to work a crowd! We enjoyed ourselves... we didn't eat but the drinks were great!I enjoy live music as much as good food, and Warmdaddys is a great place to enjoy both. 
Touring artists (and a $20 cover charge) are on the menu every Friday and Saturday night, so I usually go earlier in the week. Tuesday night is open mic night, and a special treat. They also offer all you can eat ribs on Tuesday, so that's a bonus. 
Don't plan on holding a conversation, because the music is loud. But do enjoy the talented local performers playing a mixture of blues, R&B and jazz.
Last but not least. Have some cornbread. It's to die for. Served in an individual cast iron skillet with honey dripped on top, this is absolutely the most delicious cornbread I have ever tasted. It's more like a desert than a bread, really.I've been here several times for dinner. I'm giving it three stars because the service has always been very good.... but to be honest I do find the food to be disappointing. Granted I'm not a huge soul food eater, so I expected that non fried options are going to be scarce on the menu. However the place has a reputation of being a little more of a classier soul food establishment so therefore my expectations for the quality of food is higher. I got the barbecue salmon and as a side note I don't think barbecue sauce should be used on salmon. Surely they could have come up with something a little bit more creative to season the salmon with, especially since it's the only non fried meat option on the menu. There are tons of southern spices that could be used to make salmon more flavorful and I feel like throwing barbecue sauce on it and calling it some maple somethingorother glaze is just not that creative in my opinion. My side dishes were green beans, which were soggy, soaked in butter and just didn't look fresh at all and a side of rice which was quite tasteless. I also thought the size of the portions of my side dishes could have been larger given the price. I will say though that the corn bread is AMAZING and never disappoints! I also enjoyed my cocktail; it was a flavored Long Island Iced Tea. like I mentioned before service is always pleasant and my server was very nice. The manager also made rounds through the restaurant talking to each table and making sure everybody was comfortable and well taken care of which I thought was really nice. There was live entertainment when I went and it was enjoyable.... I just wish the cover charge was slightly less. Overall, every time I've come here my experience has just been okay. I would definitely like to see some better variety of non fried meat options and more creativity with the menu.Best Fried Chicken ever! Great atmosphere! Please don't let the location fool you, this is a must go!The food was delivered hot, drinks for delivered ice cold! And the cornbread was almost decadent.I finally got the chance to go to Warmdaddy's this past Saturday.  I took a bus trip with a senior group from my neighborhood.  For years I've been wanting to experience this much talked about soul food restaurant with the live music and my day finally arrived.  The ambience wasn't bad but the seating was very tight.  I was constantly being bumped by passing waiters and clients.  My appetizer was the gumbo.  Though it was tasty, it was lukewarm, borderline cool when it was served.  My entre was the catfish in creole sauce which included 2 sides-- collard greens and candied yams.  Admittedly the food was tasty- no complaints there.  While dining I decided to order a fried chicken dinner to take home for my family to taste. I later added a side order of the mac and cheese to go as well.  As we were nearing the end of our stay the waitress brought my take-out entre already bagged and handed me the bill.  Well much to my chagrin there was an 18% gratuity plus tax added to my $17 fried chicken take-out dinner.  (Well, they do give you a half chicken and a whole skillet corn bread so who's complaining?) However the extra $4.49 cents added for the 18% gratuity was very disturbing.  When a restaurant does that I feel that it is a shiesty move.  This tactic is often used in restaurants owned by blacks or that service blacks. I hink I know why, but we won't go there now. When I see this I get a bad vibe about the restaurant and I usually don't return.  Needless to say, I flagged down the waitress and asked her why their was a gratuity included in my take out order. She stuttered a bit and said that she didn't do it but it was the policy of the restaurant and that I was part of a group and ........blah blah blah blah.  none of it made sense. My order was not a part of a group. She finally left and came back with a new receipt minus the gratuity.  Good, but it should never have happened and the fact that I had to make an issue out of it left a bad taste in my mouth, literally.    AND to top it all off... the side order of mac and cheese, which  was $7.49, turned out to be another pan of corn bread when I arrived home and looked in the bag.  Sadly I assumed that they would get it right. Not the best experience.Went on a Thursday night, once seated our waiter "Remi" was very pleasant and service was excellant. Food was very good. Drinks a little pricey@ $10 each and seemed light on the liquor, but they tasted good. Entertainment was also good. $12 cover to get into a restaurant was a bit unusual, but knew that going there. It pays the talent I am told. Overall a good meal and a nice time, will be back.